CHAPTER ONE - Sloane

"Ohmigod, I can't believe you're going through with this," my best friend Sarah says as I pull open the glass door to the tattoo parlor.

Although I would never admit it to her, I actually get a little chill when I step over the threshold. I've never been into a tattoo shop before, so I don't know what the others are like, but this one is pretty intimidating. The music is loud, the counter is black and every fixture in sight is chrome. I swallow my sudden burst of nerves and push myself forward.

It's reassuring that this place, The Ink Stain, comes very highly recommended. And it's easy to see why when I let my eyes run over the amazing art work that covers the walls.

Somebody's got some talent!

"Are you sure you want to do this, Sloane? I mean, your dad will kick your ass if he finds out," Sarah continues. When I stop suddenly to look back at her, she nearly runs into me. "Shit!" she exclaims, pulling up before we bump chests. She was busy examining the walls, too.

"Number one, Dad can't kick my ass. As of ..." I glance around the neon-lighted interior of the shop, looking for a clock. When I find one that's in the shape of a skull with cross bones for hands, I squint to read what it says. "Seven minutes ago, I'm officially beyond the control of the thick-headed Locke men. And this is my first act of independence."

"More like rebellion," Sarah snorts.

"Semantics," I say with a dismissive wave of my hand. "Either way, I'm getting this damn tattoo and nobody's gonna stop me."

"Are you sure it's...safe? I mean..."

I see the concern in her eyes and I love her for it.

I give her my softest smile. "It's fine, Sarah. Seriously."

With one final, reassuring nod to her, I move forward to approach the shiny black counter. I ring the bell for assistance.

While we wait for someone to come to the front, I walk along the borders of the room, admiring the sketches on display. As someone with the heart of an artist, I can even better appreciate the skillful hand and eye behind the charcoal renderings.

A deep voice interrupts my study. "Can I help you?"

I turn toward it, ready to explain what it is that I want, but the words die on my tongue. Of all the works of art on the walls, none compares to the one I'm staring at now.

I see his features in separate bursts, like strobes of light striking the backs of my eyes. Angular, masculine features seem to be carved in stone-slashing brows; luminous eyes; high cheekbones; chiseled mouth. And it's that mouth that I'm looking at when his lips curl up at the corners. I'm staring. I know it and he knows it. "See anything you like?"

My eyes fly to his. They're dark and teasing, and I blush accordingly. "No," I say automatically. When I see one pierced brow shoot up, I realize how my answer must've sounded. "I mean, I already know what I want."

His other eyebrow rises to meet the first and I feel my cheeks burn. I have no doubt they're the color of ripe apples by now.

"I love a woman who knows what she wants."

My mouth drops open. No one has ever flirted with me. All the guys I've ever known have been terrified of my family, so I have no clue how to react to banter like this. Other than to blush, much to my dismay.

Frick!

Obviously amused by my discombobulation, he chuckles. The sound is like black silk, sliding over my skin in one cool, smooth swipe.

More heat rushes to my face. I'm honestly afraid of what I must look like at the moment. I don't know what to do other than look away, so that's what I do. I glance down, breaking contact with his disconcerting eyes as I reach into my purse for my sketch. I take a deep breath, using the search as an excuse to regain some modicum of composure. When I locate the piece of paper I'm after, I walk wordlessly toward him and hand him the folded square.

He takes it from me, his eyes touching mine for a fraction of a second before he turns his attention to the paper. I watch as he unfolds it then studies it for a heartbeat before he notices that it's upside down. After he rights it, he pulls it in for closer examination.

The overhead light shines down on his face, hiding much of his expression. His long, thick lashes cast a shadow over his eyes and his brow is puckered in concentration. I wait patiently for him to finish.

With a single nod of his head, he glances back up, his eyes clicking to a stop on mine. From across the room, I couldn't see what color they were, only that they were dark and compelling. But now I can see them clearly. They are the deepest blue I've ever seen. They pierce me like steel and leave me as breathless as midnight.

"This is good. Who drew it?"

My heart swells and flutters around inside my rib cage. "I did."

For an instant, I see appreciation flit over his face, but it disappears quickly as he fires off more questions. "Is this to scale? And are these the colors you'd like used?" he asks as he turns to walk back toward the shiny countertop. "I'm Hemi by the way."

Hemi.

What an odd name. "Hemi? Isn't that something on an engine?" I blurt.

When he glances back at me, I get the impression that he's amused again. "Something like that."

Hemi. Like a big engine. I can see that. He seems fast. And powerful.

"I'm Sloane. And yes, the sketch is to scale and in the colors I'd like used."

Hemi nods again as he steps behind the counter, reaching beneath it for some papers. "And where did you want it?"

I don't know why I feel like blushing again, but I do. "Ummm, I'd like to have the half-open oyster shell on my right hip, toward the back and have the butterflies coming out of it and flying up my side. Sort of around toward the front."

He's still nodding, but now frowning as well. "Hmmm," he murmurs. "Let's get these forms filled out and then I'll take you back and have a look. I'm not working on anybody else right now."

"O-okay."

Hemi explains to me what I'm signing-waiver, release and consent to tattoo. It's their way of saying, Hey, if we screw up, you're screwed! You're eighteen or over and have given us permission to permanently mark your body. If you don't like it, tough shit. Thanks and have a nice day. But still, I don't hesitate to sign them. I know what I'm doing. I experienced a little chill when I first walked in, but now, after meeting Hemi, I feel like I'm in good hands. Warm, capable hands.

Or maybe I'm just bedazzled.

Either way, I sign them quickly. I'm anxious to get to the next part.

I slide the papers back across the counter to Hemi and lay down the pen. He takes them, shuffles them into a neat pile and then sets them aside before he looks back up at me.

"Ready?" he asks. He might not know it, but that question holds so much more meaning than simply whether I'm ready to get a tattoo.

And so does my answer. With a single, emphatic nod, I reply, "Yes."

He tips his head toward the doorway through which he came. "Then let's do this thing."

He starts toward the next room and I turn to grab Sarah's hand. I meet with resistance.

"Oh, no, no, no! You're not dragging me into this. I'll pass out, sure as shit."

"What? I'm the one getting poked with a needle a zillion times. Why would you pass out?"

"Sympathy. That's why."

I tilt my head to the side. "Sarah, don't be ridiculous. I want you to come back with me while I do it."

She twists her hand free of my grip. "I love you, Sloane, but this floor is probably the perfect place to get Hepatitis. You'll be in the chair. I won't. If I go down, it'll be face first in someone else's blood. So thanks, but no thanks."

"Sarah, there's no blood on the floor. It's not like that."

"How do you know? This is the first tattoo parlor you've ever been to."

"So? Look at this place. It's spotless. It even smells clean, and you know that can't be easy with all the drunk, smelly people that no doubt come through here."

"You're just making my point for me. Nope. No way. I'll be waiting for you right..." she says, backing away from me toward one of the chrome-and-leather chairs that line one small section of the wall. "Over...here."

"Fine. Miss this significant life moment. It's all right. I'll still love you."

With a heavy, loud-as-I-can-make-it sigh, I turn toward the door. Hemi has already disappeared into the next room, so I make my way slowly forward.

I hear a frustrated growl from behind me. "Fine." The word is followed by the clomp clomp clomp of platform-shod feet stomping toward me. "So help me, if I pass out and get some sort of face fungus, you're paying for all my doctor bills and any necessary plastic surgery."

I smile broadly and loop my arm through hers when she stops at my side. "I won't let your face touch the floor. I promise."

"You don't promise. You never promise," she observes, eyeing me skeptically as we enter the next room.

"No, I just don't make promises I can't keep. This one, I can keep."

We stop and look around the room. There are two other people getting tattoos. They both look up at us. They don't look like they're being tortured. In fact, one of them looks kind of sleepy. Or drunk. Either way, it makes me feel a little more at ease about the pain I just signed up for.

I tug Sarah forward and we make our way through the room. The overhead lights are still bright, but they are strategically placed over the three reclining tattoo chairs. It makes the rest of the space look intimately dim.

I walk toward Hemi where he's standing at a little cubby against the back wall. It's occupied by a small cabinet with a mirror over it, a rolling cart of some sort, and an empty tattoo chair.

I start to climb into it, but he stops me. "Wait. Show me exactly where you want the oyster shell before you sit down. I might have to put you on your stomach or your side, depending."

Feeling heat rise to my face yet again, I turn my right hip toward Hemi and pat the place where I want the shell. "Here."

Hemi squats beside me, reaches forward and raises the hem of my cami then drags his fingers up my side. "With the butterflies up through here?"

I feel chills break out behind the warm path of his touch and I bite my lip. When he looks up at me with those amazing blue eyes of his, I nod.

"Okay, then let's start with you on your stomach," he says, stepping on a pedal on the floor that raises the foot and lowers the back of the chair, making it flat enough to lie prone. "Hop up there and unbutton your shorts," he says casually.

"Pardon?"

Hemi's laughing eyes meet mine. "Which part didn't you get?"

"You need me to take off my pants? In here?"

"No, I just need you to unbutton and unzip them a little. Just enough that I can comfortably get to the area you want inked."

"Oh," I say, feeling like an ass. "Okay."

I climb up onto the flat surface and reach for my button and zipper. I loosen them and then turn to stretch out on my stomach. I feel like burying my face in my crossed arms, but I don't. I stare straight ahead until I see Sarah enter my vision and plop down in the chair across from me, promptly ignoring me for the phone in her hands. I watch her for a few seconds, but I'm far too interested in who's at the other end of me to pay her attention for long. Finally, I turn my head to look down at Hemi, resting my cheek against my folded arms. He's sitting on a chair with wheels now, facing me at the level of my waist, with a long-necked lamp aimed at my lower body.

I catch and hold my breath when he reaches out and curls his fingers into the waistband of my shorts. Hemi tugs the material down, wiggling it over my hips and lowering it just enough that he can easily access the whole area. The only thing between him and my skin now is my underwear.

I watch as he slips a finger under the lacy elastic of my panties and pulls them down as well, leaving nothing between us but the heat of his hand. Slowly, he rubs his palm over my hip. Back and forth, he does this several times before he looks back at the sketch and then starts to trace one fingertip over my skin, as if he's drawing it out in his head.

"You know," he says, looking up at me, his palm coming to a rest, his thumb making an absent arc on my hip. "I think it would be better if we came up a little farther toward your waist with the shell and then let the butterflies spill out, curving to run up your side in a loose serpentine pattern, like this," he says, moving his fingers up over my ribs in a languid snaking path. "I think it would look better than a straight line."

In my head, I can see exactly what he's saying. And I agree. It's just that I'm having a hard time thinking and responding with his hands on me like they are.

"Sounds good. Whatever you think. You're the expert."

Hemi grins and winks at me. "Oh, I like the sound of that." He reaches back to the table that sits behind him, grabs a little prep kit, a marker and my sketch. He lays the drawing up on my butt. "This is your first time, isn't it?" He's not watching me when he asks; therefore he can't see the color that burns in my cheeks. He has no idea how right he is. In many ways. Being the daughter of a cop and the little sister to three more makes dating a challenge to say the least. Add to that all that happened when I was little, and you get a twenty-one year old virgin. To tattoos as well as most everything else, too.

"Yes," I reply in a small voice.

At this, Hemi finally looks back up at me. "Don't worry. I'll take good care of you." And for some reason, I believe him. "We may have to break this up into two or three sessions, though. I don't want to overwhelm you, and there's quite a few butterflies to do. Plus, ribs can be a little more tender and tricky."

"So you won't do it all tonight?"

"I don't think so. Let's start with the shell and one or two butterflies, and see how you're doing. Then we can go from there. We don't want you in the chair too long. You can make an appointment to come back another time to get the rest."

See him again? Yes, please.

"Sounds good."

Hemi pauses, with no grin on his lips and no teasing in his eyes. This time they seem just...warm. "Are you always this easy?"

Before I have to try to formulate some pithy or flirtatious (or stupid) reply, Sarah speaks up for the first time since I laid down. "Hell no! She's stubborn as a mule."

"So it's just me then." He stares at me for several seconds before his grin returns. "Just easy for me. I like that."

The next thing I feel, aside from the damnable heat in my face, is the cool swipe of an alcohol pad as Hemi preps my skin for what's to come. I barely notice the moisture. All my attention is riveted to the warm hand resting against my hip, holding me still. Keeping me steady.

CHAPTER TWO - Hemi

I try to ignore the soft, warm skin that feels like satin under my palm. I try to ignore the way this girl watches me, like she can see me taking her shorts off the rest of the way. I try to ignore the fact that, if she did let me take them off, I'd do things to her that would make her blush every time she thought about them for the rest of her life. And I try to ignore how much it irritates me that I don't have time to explore someone like her.

Since the ripe old age of fourteen, when I nailed my first piece of cougar ass, I've always preferred experienced women. The wilder the better. I've never taken a girl's virginity, nor do I want to. I want a woman who knows what she wants and how to get it. And one who knows where the door is before I get out of the bathroom. They're the kind I've always sought out, and the only kind I have room for in my life. And, until today, they're the only kind I've ever really been interested in. So what is it about this girl, with her innocent, brown eyes and her perfectly-formed ass, that's making my dick throb so damn hard?

You need to get laid, brother! I think to myself, tracing the outline of an oyster shell on pale, flawless skin. And you need to do it fast.

For an instant, it makes me miss the selfish prick that I've always been. Before I became so driven.

CHAPTER THREE - Sloane

"What time did you get in last night?" my older brother, Sigmond (Sig, as we call him) asks.

"Late."

"No shit, smart ass. I went to Cuff's with the boys after shift last night. I got in at almost one thirty and you still weren't here."

"So? I'm twenty-one years old. I don't owe you an explanation."

I watch Sig's dark brown eyes, so much like mine, widen. "Damn! Touchy, aren't we? I didn't mean anything by it. I was just askin'."

I sigh. "I know. I'm just tired. Sorry."

Sig is only two years older than me and I've always been closer to him than either of my other brothers, Scout and Steven. Sig is the fun-loving one, and he's never "fathered" me quite as much as everyone else. Scout is bad, but Steven is the worst. Being the oldest, he and Dad took it upon themselves to see that I'm as protected and sheltered as a princess, and that I was raised like a lady, even without one in the house. For that reason, they keep a close eye on me, terrify my would-be friends and suitors, and punish me every time I use the F word. That's why my only friend is Sarah, I'm still a virgin and my favorite word is "frick." It was either get used to that or spend my entire childhood grounded. What the men in my house never understood was that, lady or not, it's hard to listen to four potty-mouthed cops day in and day out and not pick up a potty mouth myself. But I learned. Eventually.

"Hand me the creamer," Sig says, nudging me with his elbow. I rise up on my toes and reach into the cabinet to get down the creamer. Sig turns, his gun holster grazing my hip. I hiss, sucking in air through my teeth. "What was that for?"

"What was what for?"

"You made a noise. Like I hurt you."

"Did not."

"Did, too."

"It's nothing. Your holster just poked me."

Sig frowns, looking down at his holster and over at my hip. When his eyes rise to mine, he narrows them on me. "So what? That shouldn't have hurt. Are you sore? Why are you sore?"

I see concern light his eyes and I know there's no way I'm getting out of this without confessing to what I did. Otherwise, he'll have the whole family freaked out before I can eat my breakfast.

"I got a tattoo," I admit. When Sig opens his mouth to fuss, I rush to continue before he can get out the first word. "And I don't need to hear any bitching about it. And you'd better not tell a soul, or so help me God, I'll tell Bear every embarrassing secret I can think of."

That gets his attention. Bear is Sig's partner. Sig knows he'd never hear the end of it if I told Bear anything worth hearing. Giving a cop any information he can use to rib, blackmail or otherwise embarrass the shit out of another cop with is like handing him a loaded gun and a target. Sig knows this. And so do I.

His lips thin and I know I've won. "You know, Sloane, you really should be more careful."

"I am careful, Sig. I'm always careful. I've always been careful. This wasn't not careful. It was just something I wanted to do. I want to enjoy the next few years as much as I can-"

"Stop right there," he says, holding up his hand. "Don't even finish that sentence. I don't want to hear it." I snap my mouth shut. I should've known better than to say something like that, dredging up painful thoughts and memories. Even though it's true. "Let me see it."

"It's still got plastic on it."

"So? You think I can't see through plastic wrap?"

Reluctantly, I ease my pajama bottoms over the film taped to my hip. Sig looks at it, a disapproving expression clouding his face.

"An oyster shell and two butterflies? What the hell is that supposed to mean?"

"That's not all there is to it. That's the base of it. There will be more butterflies."

"Where?"

"Going up my side."

"Sloane," he begins warningly.

"Sig," I respond eyeing him right back. "It's my body, my life, my choice."

"But you're-"

"But nothing. Y'all have got to let me live."

He rolls his eyes. "You still haven't answered my question. What's it mean?"

"I feel like I've lived inside a tight shell my whole life. And now, finally, after all these years, I'm gonna get to crack it open and spread my wings a little."

"But you know why they-"

"I know why, Sig. And I love y'all for it. But it's time for me to live a little. To make my own choices and do my own thing. Mom was Mom. But I'm me. Y'all can't keep me locked away, safe from the world, in a shell for the rest of my days. Besides, there are some things you can't protect me from, no matter how hard you try."

Sig doesn't say anything for a long time. "When are you getting the rest?"

"I go back tonight."

"Well," he says, stirring a heaping spoon full of creamer into his coffee. "Just don't let Dad catch you coming in. Or Steven."

"Yeah," I say with a heavy sigh. "I'd forgotten what a pisser it is having him around."

"He probably won't be here for long. I feel sure coming back here is cramping his style. I mean, it's not like he really chose it. Things just didn't work out with him and Duncan. Mark my words, he'll be moved back out before Christmas."

"You think?"

"Hell yeah! He's already looking for places cheap enough for him to make rent on his own."

"Why don't you go live with him? That would help him out a lot."

Sig's eyes get wide and his mouth drops open. "Bite your damn tongue, devil woman! I'd rather eat a plate full of cat shit than live with Steven for the rest of my life."

"It wouldn't be for the rest of your life. One of you is bound to get married eventually."

"Living with Steven, without anyone else as a buffer? Trust me, it might as well be the rest of my life. It sure would feel like it."

I can't help but giggle. Poor Steven. He's a great guy, but he takes life very seriously and tends to be the resident wet blanket in most cases. He takes after Dad. So does Scout. Well, a little bit. He's more of a split between both parents, I guess, whereas Sig and I are both fun-loving. More like Mom. But in fairness, Steven was older when Mom got sick, so he was affected more profoundly. Not that we all weren't devastated, but he and Dad seemed to get the worst of it. Her sickness and consequent death seemed to drain the life right out of them, at least the part that makes people enjoy living.

"He's had a tough life, Sig. Cut him some slack."

"You have, too."

"We all have."

"Yet no one uses it as an excuse to be an ass**le except Steven."

"It's just the way he deals, Sig."

"Well, whatever the reason, I'll be damned if I'd subject myself to that shit on a daily basis for an extended period of time. Growing up with him was bad enough."

"Yeah, but he made a great target for pranks, didn't he?"

Sig looks down at me from his imposing six-six height and grins. "Hell yeah, he did! You remember that time we put laxatives in his birthday brownies?"

I can't help but laugh as I think of it. "He couldn't leave the house for two days. Thought he'd never come out of the bathroom."

"Good times," Sig says, carefully sipping his coffee as he looks wistfully out the kitchen window. "Good times."

And they were. There were always good times, even among the bad. There usually are. I've just learned that you have to look for them.

********

I leave the dark of the night behind me as I enter the shop. The first thing I notice when I open the door to The Ink Stain is the music. It's an old song I've heard before, one by Stone Temple Pilots called Still Remains. There's something intimate and...sexy about it. I don't know if I've ever thought of it that way before. But I do now. Tonight, I feel like it vibrates, resonates somewhere deep within me.

The reception area is empty, just like it was last night. So I walk over to ring the bell, just like I did last night. Only this time, I don't get that far. Hemi appears in the doorway to the tattooing room. He's wearing a snug black t-shirt, snug black jeans and dull black boots. He looks dangerous. And delicious.

When he smiles at me, my heart trips over itself for a beat or two before righting its rhythm. "Welcome back," Hemi says with a smile before he peeks around my shoulder. "You by yourself?"

"I am," I reply.

"Your timing is perfect. I was getting really bored."

"Slow night?"

"Uncharacteristically," he explains, tipping his head for me to follow him, which I do.

In the back room, all the overhead lights are turned off except for one set-the ones over the chair that Hemi uses. The room seems more intimate this way, and the fact that we are alone only accentuates that.

"Are you by yourself?" I ask, turning his question back on him.

"Yep. Everyone else is gone."

"I could've come earlier. You didn't have to stay late just for me." I assumed when he made the appointment it was either more convenient for him or the only opening he had.

He turns to look at me, patting the flattened chair that I'll be lying upon. "I prefer to work the late shift. The world seems quieter at night. This probably won't make sense to you, but it's like I can feel my artwork better. Sort of get lost in it. Especially when I'm doing something freehand, like I'm doing on you."

"Actually, I understand that perfectly," I admit, scooting up onto the table. "I'm an art major, so I totally get where you're coming from."

He smiles and, for a second, it's like my soul connects with his in a way that transcends words. I daresay only an artist would understand what he means. And I do. I most definitely do. For me, drawing or sketching is the perfect combination of escapism and therapy. It's consuming. It's cathartic. It makes me wonder what scars he needs to escape, what wounds he needs to heal.

"I'm gonna get you to start out on your stomach again. I'll do the first few butterflies and then have you roll up onto your side to do the rest. Now, let me warn you, this hurts more over bone, so the tats over your ribs aren't going to be very comfortable for you."

I nod. "That's fine. I understand."

"Still worth it?"

I nod again. The butterflies are more significant than what I've told anyone else, so I can honestly say that the pain is worth it for me. "Yes," I answer.

Hemi's eyes delve deep into mine, like he's trying to see where the butterflies live, where they were born and what they've been through. After a few seconds, he says simply, enigmatically, "The important ones always are."

I stretch out on my stomach, folding my arms under my head and resting my chin against my shoulder so I can look down at Hemi as he works. I see him reach for my waistband, just like he did last night. He smiles and glances up at me. "Smart choice," he states, tucking his finger inside the elastic band of my yoga pants. "You know the drill," he says. "Lift."

I lift my hips and he eases my pants and panties down to expose my hip. Gently, like the wings of the butterflies he drew on my body, his fingers drift over the first part of the tattoo. Chills spread over my stomach and onto my lower back.

He nods. "Looks good. How 'bout a few more?"

I nod, too. "Ready when you are."

I take a deep breath when I hear the buzz as he fires up the tattoo gun.

CHAPTER FOUR - Hemi

Having my hands on this girl does nothing to help my concentration. The way her body feels under my palms-like she responds to my slightest touch-and the way she watches me, like she's wishing I was doing much more to her, is kicking the shit out of my peace, peace that I need, especially when I'm freehanding.

The thing I think that's bothering me the most, though, is that there's something in her eyes, something in the sadness that always seems to be hanging around them, that makes me suspect she's hiding wounds that only someone like me can see. Someone who understands, someone who has been there. But what the hell could a girl like this, a girl so young, so innocent, possibly know about tragedy?

"So, you're an art major," I say conversationally, anything to keep me from concentrating too much on the feel of her.

"Yes."

"You going to State?"

She nods. University of Georgia has a pretty kick ass art program.

"Nice. What is it that you want to do when you graduate?"

I hear her sigh as I ink a butterfly wing onto her porcelain skin.

"I don't really know." I glance up at her. She looks troubled over it. "I know I'm supposed to know exactly what I want to do, but all I know is that I want to draw. To create something beautiful that will last forever."

"There's nothing wrong with that."

"There is if you're supposed to be able to make a living doing it."

"Hey, look at me," I say, holding up my gun. "I make a damn fine living doing what I love, which is basically drawing. The canvas is just a little different than what you've probably learned on."

I see her brow wrinkle as she considers me. "I never thought of it that way."

"Most people don't," I tell her, thinking specifically of my father.

"How did you get started doing this? I mean, is this what you wanted to do?"

"Not specifically, no. I floundered for a while, like most people, I suppose. Then, a few years back, I met someone. I went in for a tattoo. Like you, I had my own sketch of what I wanted. She admired my work, asked me if I'd consider sketching a few more. After that, she sort of took me under her wing and showed me the ropes. Didn't take me long to realize that I loved it. Been doing it ever since."

Why the hell are you telling this girl your life story? That's more than you've told anybody since you moved here.

I make a conscious effort to rein it in. I don't normally tell people much about myself. That could lead to someone finding out who I am. And I can't let that happen.

"She?"

"Yeah, she."

"So there are women tattoo artists?"

"Of course there are. This is America after all, right? Equal opportunity and all that shit?"

"That's not...I mean I...That came out wrong."

I laugh at her stammering. "Yes, there are women tattoo artists. Some damn fine ones, too."

"Is it hard to learn?"

"No. Technique is something that's developed over time. The art part is the hardest. There are some things you can't teach. That can't really be learned. At least not well. You either have it or you don't. The rest you can find over time."

"So the actual tattooing part can be learned..."

"Sure."

"...as long as the art work is good enough?"

"Right."

I'm not paying attention to what she's getting at until she just lays it out there.

"You said my sketch was good. Would someone like you be able to teach me the rest?"

My head snaps up and I fall headlong into her deep, soulful, hopeful eyes. "Someone like me, sure."

"But not you specifically?"

"No."

"Why not? You're very good at this."

"But I don't teach."

"Have you ever tried?"

"No. I've never wanted to."

"But you-"

"And I still don't."

"Oh," she says flatly.

I make the outline of yet another butterfly, drawing closer to the edge of her shirt. A big part of me salivates at the thought of teaching her to tattoo, at the thought of what could come from such close and frequent contact. There's no question that I'd like to discover every inch of this tight little body. Two or three times. If I were the selfish ass**le I used to be, I'd do exactly that, consequences be damned. But I'm not that guy anymore. I'm focused, and that part of me knows it would be a mistake. I don't need any distractions right now. I have one mission, and bedding a girl like this isn't one of them.

We fall quiet. In the silence, the buzz of the needle seems louder than ever.

CHAPTER FIVE - Sloane

I lie still and quiet as Hemi draws the outlines of butterflies along the curve of my waist. Then he'll go back and do the shading. I don't really know what to say now. I'm feeling a little uncomfortable, a little stung over his reaction. It felt dismissive. Dangerously close to rejection.

While he's working, I give myself a pep talk, reminding myself that life is short and that, in most cases (like this one for instance), it's now or never. All I could do was ask. Which I did. Now, I can move on.

But the longer I lie here and think about it, the more I wish Hemi had agreed. I would love the opportunity to learn how to place my art on skin, to etch it permanently onto someone's body, onto their soul.

I hear the buzz of the gun die and I glance down at Hemi. "You're gonna need to lift your shirt up a little farther and turn up onto your side."

He's matter of fact, which is good. I wouldn't want him acting differently. That would be humiliating, like I'd offered up something else to him and been shot down. It makes me think of all that I'd like to offer up to him, but that would be too risky. Too brave. Too brazen.

But life is short, a quiet voice reminds from somewhere deep inside me.

It gives me chills to think of how a scene like that might play out, especially if Hemi were agreeable to my...offer.

"Are you cold?" Hemi asks, interrupting my thoughts.

I glance down at him, meeting his eyes. "No, why?"

"You've got chills," he says, stroking my side with his warm palm, making my flesh pebble even more.

His gaze doesn't leave mine as he drags his hand back and forth over my side, as if to test the temperature of my skin. But I told him I'm not cold. So why? Why touch me this way?

I can't help but wonder what he's thinking behind those indigo orbs.

Ignoring his observation, I ask, "Which way do you want me to turn?"

He doesn't look away and he doesn't move his hand as he answers me. "Turn to face me."

I roll onto my left side, facing Hemi. When I'm comfortably situated, he lowers the table a little more, bringing my side down to a manageable height for him. "Come toward me some more."

I scoot closer, close enough that I can feel the heat of his body against the part of my stomach that's bared to him. I will my skin not to react, not to shrivel up in goosebumps. "Is that close enough?" I ask, suddenly feeling breathless being this close to him. The situation isn't helping any-him sitting near the curve of my body, the studio empty but for us, the lighting dim everywhere else, midnight hovering just beyond the walls.

Hemi leans in as if to check the comfort and his ability to work in this position before he nods. "Yes, that's fine. Now, your shirt."

I reach between us to raise my shirt, pulling it up along my ribs, exposing the area where he'll be drawing. I lie still, waiting, waiting for him to touch me. Unable to help myself, I inhale when I feel his hands on me again. Heat floods me from head to toe and everywhere in between.

"How far do you want to go?" he asks in a husky voice.

My eyes fly to his. He's looking at me, no hint of playfulness in his expression. "Pardon?"

"How far do you want me to go? Up your side? Where do you want me to stop?"

My pulse is skittering along at a rapid pace and I try my best to jerk my wayward mind back to the present, to the situation, and get it out of the gutter.

"Umm, maybe up to here," I say, pointing to what feels about right, high up on my side.

"You'll need to unhook your bra so I can get under the strap then," he tells me.

I feel the blood rush to my cheeks, hoping he doesn't think this was what I was getting at, that I'm hitting on him or something.

"Oh, well, that's okay. You can just stop at the edge then."

"I want you to be satisfied," he says, his words playing right into a game that I'm not even sure he's aware of.

Or is he?

"I'll be satisfied either way."

"I think it would look good if you took them all the way up. But that's just me. It's up to you. If you don't feel comfortable..."

Is that challenge in his voice, in his eyes? He's just looking at me. There's no change in his expression... But still, there's a subtle undercurrent here, running between us like churning river water. At least I think there is. But I can't be certain it's real and not imagined.

"It's not that," I begin.

"Good," he says, his lips curving at the corners. "You don't have to take it off, just unfasten it so I can move it up a little."

My breathing is shallow as I lever myself up on my elbow and reach around to unsnap my bra.

Thank God I didn't wear one that opens in the front!

The band around my torso loosens and I get back into position, bending my arms and folding both hands under my cheek as I scoot back toward Hemi again.

He wheels his chair in as close as he can get and, without a word, lays one arm across me and fires up the gun to freehand another string of beautiful butterflies.

Positioned like I am, there's really nowhere to look but at Hemi, which is fine by me. His eyes are sharp in concentration, his brow slightly furrowed. His tongue is caught between his teeth, barely visible at the edge of his sculpted lips. It makes me wonder what it would taste like-his tongue and the inside of his mouth.

"You doing all right?" he asks, not looking away from what he's doing.

"I'm fine."

"The higher I get onto your ribs, the more it will sting."

"I know. I'm prepared. It'll be worth it."

Hemi does glance up at me this time. He studies me curiously for a few seconds. His lips move as though he might say something, but he changes his mind and turns his attention back to his task. "Good," he finally says. "Just let me know if I need to stop."

I watch him as he works. I watch his face, I watch the competent way his hand holds me, the controlled way his fingers grip the gun. I watch the subtle shift of muscle beneath the skin in his forearms. I watch the way the light glints off his shiny dark brown hair. I admire the way the ends curl up on the longer pieces. My guess is that if Hemi didn't keep his hair short, it would have a wave to it. I can just imagine running my fingers through it, feeling the texture of it tickling my palms.

Hemi weaves up and down along my side, giving me a lazy ribbon of butterflies that winds ever higher toward my arm pit. When he reaches the place where my bra strap rests, he slips his fingers under the edge and pushes it up out of the way.

He inks a butterfly right at the edge of my bra line and then dips down, closer to the underside of my breast to do another. I feel my ni**les tighten in response to the brush of his hand as he holds the material out of his way. I close my eyes and try to concentrate on something else. I focus on the painful sting of the needle as it penetrates my skin, leaving only beautiful color behind.

When the prickling stops, I open my eyes, confused. Hemi is watching me. He doesn't move. Not one muscle. He just looks at me. For a few seconds, I'm lost to everything but him-the look in his eyes, the way his hand feels hot as fire where it rests against my skin, the way my breast aches for him to slide his fingers up just a fraction of an inch.

After at least a full disconcerting minute of watching me without saying a single word, Hemi finally speaks, surprising me. "Maybe we should give you a rest and finish up later." I see him glance at a place above my head. "You've been here nearly two hours. That's a long time under the needle."

I'm shocked. It feels like I've been here only a few minutes. Or a lifetime. I'm not sure which. Kind of like the way I feel about Hemi. On the one hand, he's a perfect stranger who gives me butterflies of a different kind every time he looks at me. But on the other hand, in a way I feel like I know him. Like we're...connected. But not in the way one might think. I feel as though there's a tug of war going on. Between us as well as within us. I'm the sheltered girl trying to break free and really live for the first time in her life. I'm striving to put fear and reservation and hesitation aside in favor of seizing the moment.

But not Hemi.

I get the feeling that he's lived that way for a long time, that he seized all of life's moments until something happened to make him stop. Stop and take notice. And slow down. And distance himself.

I could be way off base. But if I'm not, how do two people like that meet in the middle? Or do they? Is that even possible?

Maybe I'm overthinking something that's merely fleeting. I mean, he's giving me a tattoo. He didn't ask me to move in, for God's sake.

But still...

I'm sure it's psychotic as hell that I don't want the night to end, that I'm willing to endure such discomfort to stay here a little longer.

You're pathetic. And desperate.

But that other voice inside me pipes up again, reminding me that there's no time like the present. No one is promised a tomorrow. We have today. Right now. Nothing more.

Hemi's hand over my ribs, rocking me gently back and forth, shakes me out of my stupor. I don't know how long I've been watching him, thinking, saying nothing, but I'm guessing too long. I nod and smile, pushing myself up into a sitting position, protectively holding one arm over my chest.

"Oh, sorry," Hemi says, whirling around in his chair to tend his equipment so he can give me a little privacy.

With my eyes glued to his broad shoulders, I right my bra and fasten it. I pull down my shirt then reach for my pants, tugging them up to where they belong.

Hemi stands to throw something into the garbage. When he turns back toward me, our eyes collide. That's when the impulse hits me. It slams into me like a gust of wind going ninety miles an hour. It steals my breath and makes my heart beat so hard that I can hear it in my ears. And for once in my life, I put thought aside. I don't overthink it. In fact, I don't think about it at all. Before I can change my mind, I slide off the table and step toward him. He doesn't move, doesn't back up, just stands tall and perfectly still. Watching me. I wonder if he knows what I'm thinking, how I'm feeling. What I'm about to do. And I wonder if he'll stop me.

But I don't overthink that either. If I do, I'll chicken out. And I can't afford to chicken out on life anymore.

I take another step toward him, building up the nerve to just do it, just kiss him. But Hemi surprises me when he takes the step that will bring us near enough to touch.

He's so close, my chest almost brushes his every time I inhale. I sway toward him the tiniest bit, craving the contact. With him. A perfect stranger.

"Sloane," he whispers, the sound of my name on his lips bringing chills to my arms again. He reaches out to push my hair back over my shoulder. His fingertips linger on the skin of my neck before they fall away.

"Hemi," I sigh, melting into the heat of his eyes. I knew there was something between us. Well, I'd hoped. Hoped I wasn't imagining it. But now I know I wasn't. It's there, staring out at me from behind his hooded midnight eyes. Blatant and unabashed, he wants me. And I want him, too.

"You need to walk out that door and never come back."

My heart stops. Of all the things I thought he might say, this came out of nowhere. "What?" I ask in a small, uncertain voice.

"You need to leave. And don't look back."

I scramble to recover. "But...but what about the rest of my tattoo?"

"I'm not talking about your tattoo and you know it."

"Then what are you talking about?" I inquire, playing dumb to save what's left of my crumbling pride.

"I'm talking about you. And me. This. Us."

"There is no us."

"There will be in about thirty seconds if you don't get the hell out of here."

"What if I don't want to leave?" I'm confused. Is he saying that he wants me? Or that he wants me to go?

"I'm not asking."

"Why?"

"Why what?"

"Why do you want me to go?"

"Because guys like me change girls like you."

"Girls like me?"

"Innocent girls."

"What if I'm not that innocent?"

His lips quirk in a wry grin. "Oh, you're exactly that innocent. I can practically smell it on you. Sweet, pure, untouched. And, if I'm being honest, I'd like nothing better than to taste that on the tip of my tongue."

"Then what's stopping you?"

I watch him wrestle with...something. "I don't have the time or the inclination to get involved in ruining someone else's life."

"What makes you think you'd ruin my life?"

"Oh, trust me. I would."

"But-"

"But nothing. For tonight, I'll be the good guy you need me to be. Whether you know you need it or not. I'm asking you to leave, Sloane. But I promise you-promise you-that if you so much as darken my doorway again, I won't let you walk back out again."

I'm torn between heady elation and harsh rejection. "Hemi-"

"Go, little girl," he says softly. "Go before I change my mind."

CHAPTER SIX - Hemi

A persistent buzzing wakes me. I swat toward the sound and hear my phone clatter as it hits the floor. With bleary eyes, I lean over the side of the bed to look down at it. I have to blink three times before I can focus on the lighted screen. I note two things. Number one, it's only fifteen minutes until eleven. It's too damn early for anyone to be calling me. Everyone that has my phone number knows I work at night and sleep late in the morning. Number two, it's my older brother, Reese. Wanting an update, I'm sure.

I curse under my breath when my head pounds as I lean over the side of the bed to reach for the phone. I roll back up quickly, throwing an arm over my eyes as I slide my thumb across the screen to answer it.

"What?"

"You're still in bed?"

"Hell yes, I'm still in bed. You know I don't get in until after three most nights."

"You've got more than seven hours already, you pu**y. You'll be fine."

"I didn't go straight to sleep, ass**le."

"Damn, you're grouchy. You must've been drinking."

Reese has always complained that drinking makes me pissy. I guess maybe he's right. I feel like I could drive my fist through a solid steel wall.

"What do you want?" I ask, ignoring his observation. Lucky for him, he lets it go.

"Just checking on...things."

"'Things' are fine. No change."

"Are you any closer?"

"You say that like it's easy to get close to these people when it's anything but easy. They're naturally suspicious. It's what they do, who they are."

"And I'm sure you don't inspire confidence as a trustworthy guy."

"What the hell is that supposed to mean?"

"You ink skin. You're a step up from a criminal in some people's eyes."

"Oh, right," I say drolly. "This sounds familiar."

"I didn't say I feel that way, just that some people do."

"Well then 'some people' can kiss my puckered ass."

"Look, I didn't call to pick a fight. Just...just keep me posted."

"I will," I squeeze through my gritted teeth.

"And lay off the sauce."

"Suck it, dickweed," I murmur before I hang up.

I peek out from under my arm long enough to hit the disconnect button. I'm sure once I get sobered up, I'll feel like shit about this conversation, but right now, I'm just ill.

Reese is a good guy and I love him. We actually get along pretty well. Normally. Our relationship has just been a little strained since I moved to the Atlanta area. We've all been under a lot of pressure and stress. Losing Ollie changed everything.

Already tired of my thoughts, I sit up quickly. Too quickly. My head spins and throbs. I press my palms to my temples and squeeze, wishing I could make it stop.

"Damn you, Sloane," I mutter into the emptiness of my bedroom.

I blame her. One hundred percent. What the hell was she thinking, coming into the shop, looking all sweet and innocent?

But I know it's not that. The sweet and innocent I can handle. That's never appealed to me. It's the sweet and innocent combined with this innate sexiness that she has that's tempting me. Tempting me bad. There's a little gleam in her eye that says she wants me to show her naughty rather than nice. And oh, how I could show her naughty. I could show her naughty like she's never even dreamed before.

But a girl like her deserves nice, too. And naughty's all I've got. It's all I'm interested in. Especially now. Which means I need to stay away from her. I need to deny myself the pleasure of her. And I'm not used to denying myself anything that I want. Including women.

Sloane might have to be the first.

And I like it even less than I thought I would.

Ignoring the still-drunk swim behind my eyes, I get up and head for the shower. For the cold shower.

CHAPTER SEVEN - Sloane

The only good thing I can think of when I open my eyes is that it's Thursday. Which means tomorrow is Friday. Which means no classes. Which means I can sleep in.

I roll over and look at the clock. Three minutes until my alarm goes off. This is the fourth morning I've awakened before it sounds its annoying buzz. And it's the fourteenth morning I've awakened thinking of Hemi.

I haven't seen him or talked to him since three Saturdays ago. When he told me to leave. I did. Even though I didn't want to. I wanted to stay, to explore what I saw in his eyes, felt in his touch. Explore all the things he hinted at but didn't say.

But I didn't. I left. And now I get to wake up every morning with the regret of my decision.

Throwing back the covers, I head for the shower.

Less than an hour later, I'm climbing into the passenger side seat of Sarah's truck.

"Good gawd, couldn't you find anything with bigger tires?" I gripe as I struggle to pull myself through the door.

"I'm a country girl. It's what we country girls do."

"I'm a country girl, too, and I don't have a big-ass truck."

"That's because your dad doesn't think a lady ought to drive a truck."

She shifts into gear and zooms away from the curb. She's got me there. That's precisely what my dad thinks.

"Like he knows. I think he just googled 'how to be a lady' when Mom died and took bits and pieces from every article he could find and foisted it all on me."

Sarah turns her curly blonde head and narrows her black-lined, powder-blue eyes on me. "You're probably right, but he still did a good job with you. You're a lady, that's for sure."

"Maybe I'm tired of being a lady."

She grins. "Now that's what I'm talkin' about!"

I laugh. "I think you're enjoying my rebellion more than I am."

"Oh, I'm enjoying it all right. Finally...finally we get to live a little."

"You could've been living all this time."

"And leave my best friend behind? Not a chance."

"You're all talk. You weren't gonna do anything until I did it first."

"Nuh-huh."

"Yuh-huh."

"Hey, I'm not the virgin here."

"No, but I didn't see you getting a tattoo."

"That's not my idea of wild. Besides, look how that turned out."

"What do you mean? It hasn't 'turned out' at all yet. I just haven't decided what I'm going to do."

"Yes, you have. You just won't admit it."

"Won't admit what?"

"That you're too chicken shit to go back in there and put him to the test."

"I'm not too chicken shit. I'm just giving it some time."

"Time to what? Ferment? This is sex, not wine, Sloane."

"I know, but..."

"But nothing. What happened to all this 'spread my wings' and 'seize the day' and 'no regrets' shit?"

"Nothing happened to it. It's just that...I mean, he asked me to leave. It's not easy to come back after something like that."

"Look, you are gorgeous, you're smart, you're funny as hell and you've got a kick-ass rack. What's not to love? Trust me. You just turn on that smile and you'll have this guy on his knees."

"No offense, but I don't think that'll work with him. I mean, he's not like the other guys around here."

"He's a man. He thinks with his dick. As long as you keep that in mind, you're golden."

"You should put that on a mug."

"I know. I'm like a modern day Confucius."

"If Confucius was full of random wisdom involving penises."

"How do you know he wasn't?"

"You make a good point."

"Now, stop changing the subject. When are you gonna go back in there and get him to finish you up? And then 'finish you up'?" Sarah snorts at her cleverness. I shake my head, but I can't hide my smile.

"I don't know. But I will." I turn to stare out the window for a few seconds before it occurs to me. "Why are you so interested in my virginity anyway?"

"It goes against nature for a girl to reach the ripe old age of twenty-one and still be a virgin. Something like that could disrupt the space-time continuum. Before we know it, there are earthquakes all over the place, volcanoes are disappearing, cave men are popping up in bars."

"This isn't Land of the Lost, Sarah."

"But it could be. This is just me doing my part for the good of mankind."

"Wow, I never considered that the state of my hymen might be of interest to the world at large."

"I know. So innocent. So clueless. That's why I'm here, sweet child," she says peacefully. "I'll be your guide."

I shake my head. "This can't be good. You get lost in the parking lot at the grocery store."

"Hey! That happened one time."

"And that was one too many."

"Shut up, whore!"

"Not a chance, slut." We grin at each other. Such is the banter between me and my best friend.

********

I'm antsy. I knew this would happen. I've felt this way every evening since the last time I saw Hemi. I asked Sarah if she wanted to do something tonight, but she had already made plans with her on again-off again boyfriend, Todd. And as pathetic as it is, she is pretty much the extent of my plans. When she's got something else to do, I stay at home. I usually draw. Or read. But for some reason, neither of those activities appeal to me tonight.

It's not like it's some random, mysterious "reason." I know exactly what the reason is. Or, rather, who the reason is.

Hemi.

I want to go back, but something is stopping me. Maybe I was secretly hoping he'd call me, that he'd change his mind and seek me out. Every woman wants to be chased, right? Right. And I mean, my phone number is listed on the release form. But he hasn't called, hasn't chased. He made his position clear and he's sticking to it.

Maybe I should, too.

For the hundredth time, I glance at the clock on my nightstand. Hopping off the bed, I start stripping off my lounge clothes. "That's it," I tell the silence in my room. "I'm not sitting around here thinking about him for one more night." Ten minutes later, I'm dressed in jeans and a BULLDOGS t-shirt, in my car, heading toward Cuff's. There are many ways to live and I've got many things to prove. Tonight, my focus will be my obtuse family. Maybe if I can make some headway in that department, my confidence will get the boost it needs to propel me back to Hemi's.

When I walk into the bar that my brothers have gone on and on and on about for years, my initial reaction is less than earth shattering. I'm not impressed. It's just a noisy, crowded bar, like any other. Only this one, I happen to know, is frequented by local law enforcement.

If I didn't already know that, I'd never guess. No one is in uniform. As I look around, I just see a bunch of guys dressed in regular clothes, drinking and laughing and slapping each other on the back.

The one thing I do notice is the marked lack of women. I mean, there are a few scattered here and there, but it's not like other places where the ratio is more female-heavy. At least it looks like that on TV. No, this one looks more like a g*y bar with a few beards thrown in for good measure.

I scan the hundreds of faces, looking for a familiar one. Considering their crazy schedules and need to decompress after a long shift, I figure at least one of my brothers will be here. Maybe even my dad, too.

And I'm not wrong.

Over near the pool tables, I see a dark blond head pop up. I recognize Steven immediately. He stands a good two or three inches taller than everyone else around him. He's not as tall as Sig and Dad, but he's a big guy at six-four. Makes him easy to spot in a crowd. That and his naturally-streaked hair-dark blond with a few pale highlights. Nobody knows where he gets his light hair. Mom used to say that what darkness missed his head went straight to his eyes. Rather than our dark brown eyes, Steven's eyes are almost black. Like onyx. As a cop, they give him an edge. He can be pretty intimidating when he turns them on you, especially if he's unhappy. It's almost enough to give me a chill, and I know he'd never hurt me. I can only imagine how criminals must feel.

Turning toward the bar, I slide in between two men and wait to be served.

When the burly bartender spots me, he lumbers down to me and asks in his scratchy voice, "I.D.?" Proudly, I take out my driver's license and hold it up for him to see. He examines it closely, looks at my face, and then studies my card again. In a cop bar, no doubt he feels the need to be extra careful. Finally, he nods. "What'll you have?"

I order a rum and Coke (one of the few drinks I know how to order). He nods and ambles off. I smile. That felt good. Very mature. Very independent. I've only ever sipped a beer or two in my life. Dad made sure I never really got a chance to do much in the way of rebelling. Or breaking the law. But now I'm of age. And no one can stop me. Not even my father. Or my brothers. And I'm here to show them exactly that.

A couple of minutes later, the bartender slides me my drink. I hand him a ten, casually, as if I've done it a million times. He looks at it and I wonder briefly if I've made a mistake. I thought surely that would be enough to cover the drink and a tip. But maybe I was wrong.

"Want change?"

Inwardly, I sigh in relief. "No, you keep it."

He grunts and I pick up my drink and squeeze back out from between the two men.

Now for the hard part...

I square my shoulders, take a deep breath, and head for the pool tables. Before I can get there, I big hand clamps down on my shoulder.

"What the hell are you doing here?"

I turn to see Sig glowering down on me. He must've just arrived, as his partner is right on his heels. I give him my biggest smile. "Hi, Bear!"

"Hey, Sloane," he replies in his soft voice. He's just a little taller than me with has mousy brown hair and big blue eyes. He seems very unassuming. You'd never guess by looking at him or listening to him that he would be such a badass, but he is. According to my brothers, he's a fourth degree black belt with a nasty temper, which is where the nickname comes from-Bear, as in don't poke the...

Sig cups my elbow and steers me to an empty booth. He nudges me, trying to get me to sit. I resist, bracing one arm against the table and straightening my legs.

"Sig, stop! You're gonna make me spill my drink!"

"Does that have alcohol in it?"

I lift my chin and meet his eyes, automatically puffing out my chest. "Yes, it does. I'm twenty-one, remember? It's my legal right to drink."

"I'm not even gonna address how moronic this is for you, you of all people-"

"Stop right there! There's absolutely no reason-"

"I said I'm not gonna address it," he snaps. "But why in the everlovin' shit would you come here to do it?"

"This is exactly why I came here. I have a statement to make and this seemed like language you Neanderthals would understand."

"Maybe a regular old explanation would work on this Neandrathal."

"Sig, I'm all grown up. I think you see that a little more than Scout and Steven and Dad. Especially Steven and Dad. But I need to make them see it."

"Why? What's so terrible about the way you've been treated?"

That feels an awful lot like a sucker punch. "God, Sig, it's not that I've been abused or anything. Please try to see this from my perspective. I can't live like a prisoner for the rest of my life. I can't. And I won't. But it's my hope that y'all will be able to see me for who I am and what I want. To be happy when I'm happy, whether I'm making the choices you'd have me to make or not."

Sig watches me with eyes so like my own. I see his mind working behind them. Processing. And like the Sig that I know and love, and have been closest to my whole life, he thinks not just with his head, but with his heart, too.

"So what are you waiting for then?"

"Huh?" I ask, confused by his question.

Sig takes the short, sweating glass from my fingers and holds the straw near my lips. "Bottoms up!"

I search his face and I see acceptance. Reluctant acceptance, but acceptance nonetheless.

One down, I think. He's over the tattoo hump and now the drinking one. Maybe at least one of the men in my life will finally see me as an adult.

I lean in and take a long sip from the straw, my eyes smiling up into his. When I swallow, the liquid sears a path all the way down my throat. I sputter reflexively.

With eyes that are now distinctly amused, Sig reaches around and pounds me on the back.

"Holy shit! What's in this, turpentine?" I ask.

Sig laughs outright. "Milk is for babies, sis. Welcome to adulthood." Sig sets the glass on the table and turns to his partner. "Why don't you go get a couple of beers and a plain Coke?" Sig reaches into his pocket for his wallet and hands Bear a few bills.

"What the hell? I thought you were-"

Sig interrupts me. "The beers are for you two. I figure you won't be able to handle more than one of those, so it's beer for you next. The Coke is for me, because somebody's gonna have to drive your obliterated ass home."

Sig pushes me into the booth and then slides in after me. I lean over to rest my head against his shoulder for a second. "You're such a good big brother."

He flicks the end of my nose and I jerk upright, yelping at the sting of it. "Damn right I am. Because you know who's gonna get an asskicking for this, don't you?"

"Nobody. Because this is all on me. Part of being an adult, right? Dealing with the consequences?"

"Yeah, but you've never had to 'deal' with Dad. Or Steven really. They might've seemed hard on you, but you don't know what hard is."

"I'll protect you," I say, taking another sip of my drink. The burn is less evident this time and I'm able to appreciate the bite of the rum coupled with the sweetness of the Coke.

"I'll remember you said that."

"Please do."

********

The thing about alcohol, I'm discovering, is that it sneaks up on you. One minute you feel a little lightheaded, the next you can't see straight.

"I think this needs to be your last one," Sig says as I drain my third Corona with lime.

"I'm fine," I tell him, noting the happy, warm feeling, but no real impairment. "But I am getting a little sleepy," I confess, stifling a yawn. "Let me out so I can use the bathroom and then we'll go."

Sig moves out of the booth and I stand, the bar dipping and swaying around me. I reach back to lay a hand on the table until I can steady myself.

"Can you even make it to the bathroom by yourself?"

"Of course I can," I say, noting that my voice sounds slurred even to my own ears. "Just point me in the right direction."

Sig takes me by the shoulders and turns me slightly, until I'm facing the bar. "Straight ahead. They're just down that hall, on the left."

I strain to focus on the hall to which he's referring. When I do, I nod. "Got it," I say and I take off, weaving carefully between bodies as I go.

For the most part, I've never been at such a disadvantage when peeing. I'm a squatter, my butt never having touched a public toilet seat in my life. That's more of a challenge, however, when maintaining one's balance is an issue. I do the only thing I can. I plaster my palms to the silver metal walls of the stall and I lean back until I'm hovering above the commode, then I let fly.

I'm quite pleased with myself when I'm finished and have still managed not to even so much as graze the toilet seat. After I finish up, I right my clothes, wash and dry my hands, then check my reflection in the mirror.

My black hair is still smooth and straight and my minimal makeup is still intact. It's my eyes that give me away. They look heavy and unfocused. I look drunk, even though I had no idea I was anywhere close.

I stick out my tongue to wet my dry lips and press my cool hands to my overly hot cheeks before I head back out to the bar.

It's as I'm crossing the crowded floor back to Sig that I wish for a little more clarity.

"Sloane Annelle Locke, just what the hell do you think you're doing?"

I know that tone. I know that voice. And, despite my determination and my earlier bravado, I cringe. It's my older brother, Steven. He's as bad as Dad for using my whole name when he's pissed.

I turn toward the voice. "Steven!" I say enthusiastically. "You were just who I was looking for. Please tell me Dad's here. That would be just perfect."

"No, he's not. And you'd better thank your lucky stars, too."

"And why is that?" I ask boldly.

"He'd ground your ass for a year if he saw you drinking."

"Well, that would be a little difficult since I'm twenty-one. I'm not doing anything wrong."

"The hell you're not!"

"The hell I am!" I counter, equally emphatic.

"That's not the point and you know it."

"Then what is the point?" I snap, getting madder by the second.

"The point is that-"

I cut him off. "There is no point, Steven. I'm not living like this anymore. I'm my own person. I make my own decisions and no one is responsible for me but me. Now back off! I came here in hopes you'd be understanding and that maybe, just maybe, y'all would stop treating me like a child. Clearly I was wrong."

I start to stalk off, but Steven grabs me by the arm and turns me back around to face him. "Just where do you think you're going?"

"Home," I say, trying to jerk my arm free, but unable to break his firm grip.

"Like this? Behind the wheel? I think not." He starts to walk off, pushing me through the crowd in front of him.

"Let go of me!" I struggle against his hold, but it's useless. He's just too strong.

"No. You're coming with me. Right. Now."

"Steven-"

"I suggest you take your hands off her. Right. Now," a familiar voice says from behind us. My stomach does a happy little flip and I look back to see Hemi standing a few feet away, his arms crossed over his chest and a scowl marring his gorgeous face.

"Stay out of this, ass**le," Steven replies, undaunted.

"I won't ask you again," Hemi says.

Steven stops dead in his tracks. He's already mad, and he's the brother with the worst temper. As he turns, his fingers bite into my arm.

"Shit, Steven! That hurts," I say.

"How about this?" my brother begins, his voice calm but hard. "How about you take your nose out of my business before I feel like I need to do it for you?"

Hemi takes a step toward Steven, obviously unconcerned. "Do what you have to, man. I'm not going anywhere until you take your hands off her."

"You really don't want to do this," Steven warns.

"Oh, I think I do," Hemi says, a smile playing at the corners of his mouth.

Oh shit! Where's Sig when I need him?

I step in front of Steven, facing him. "Steven, I'm fine. I'm not driving. Just go back to what you were doing. Don't start trouble."

Cops don't start trouble in cop bars. Other people start trouble in cop bars. And that's the story every cop in the place will stick to. It's just the way it is. If Hemi gets in the middle of this, there's only one way it will end. With Hemi in the back of a squad car.

Steven doesn't even look at me when I speak to him. He's focused on Hemi and Hemi alone. Purposely, like he's making a statement, Steven puts his hands on my shoulders and moves me behind him.

"You can consider this your one free pass. You won't get another one." As if to punctuate his control, Steven grabs my arm again and propels me in front of him.

I hear Hemi say the words, "Man, I asked you nicely..." and then all hell breaks loose.

I feel Steven's fingers disappear and I turn. I see him pivot on his heel and swing his fist right at Hemi's face. My breath catches in my lungs. Steven is a big guy, and he's trained to take down criminals. Just the thought of what his fist could do to Hemi's wonderful bone structure...

My thoughts are curtailed when Hemi easily ducks Steven's fist. He does it with light grace and comes up smiling.

"That's a little more like it, big man. What else you got?"

Ohmigod, he's taunting my brother!

Holy shit, this won't end well.

Steven brings up his fist and catches Hemi in the stomach. Hemi steps slightly to the side, the blow glancing off for the most part. He uses the momentum of Steven's punch to roll out beside him and push Steven into the crowd.

Steven goes stumbling for a few feet before he stops himself and turns on a dime. I see hell on his face when he starts back toward Hemi. That's when the true nature of the situation really sets in.

I'm drinking. For the first time. In a bar. With my brothers. And a fight breaks out. Over me.

This will forever be my first impression upon them as an adult.

Impulsively, I yell at the top of my lungs as I step in front of Hemi. "Stop!"

I'm not sure if it's my presence between them or my voice that does the trick, but something brings Steven up short. And before he can continue on his warpath, I hurry to continue.

"Steven, before you can take all your ridiculous anger out on a perfect stranger, know this. I'm turning around right now and I'm going home. Sig is driving me. You were way out of line and you can expect this same kind of shit every night for the rest of our lives if you don't stop treating me like a child. If that's how you want to play it, fine by me. But I will do what I want to do, whether you approve or not."

After I finish ranting at him, I turn to face Hemi, ignoring the fact that my heart skips a beat when our eyes meet. "And you, this is none of your business. You don't have time for a girl like me, remember?" Hemi raises one dark brow. Other than that, he doesn't move a muscle. Doesn't say a word. Just watches me. "I appreciate the gesture of you trying to protect me, but I don't need protecting. Even from my ass**le of a brother."

His eyebrows draw together in a frown. "This is your brother?"

I glance at Steven over my shoulder. "Yes. Unfortunately."

When I turn back to Hemi, his brow is even more deeply furrowed.

"Now, I hope you two have the good sense to drop this rather than go act like jackasses out in the parking lot. I'm leaving."

With that, with my head held high and my spine ram-rod straight, I do my best to walk away without stumbling. And, as far as I can tell, I do a pretty damn good job.

CHAPTER EIGHT - Hemi

Holy shit! He's her brother? I can't decide if this is the best turn of events-an unexpected gift to a man trying desperately to do the right thing-or if it's the absolute worst-life handing me the very means by which I could destroy myself. Either way, it's a game changer.

I have a difficult decision to make. Do I let her in? Do I do the unthinkable and let this girl into the shitstorm that is my life? Or do I let opportunity pass me by? Either way, I'm a thoughtless ass**le and it all boils down to one question: Who can I live with hurting more? My family? Or an innocent girl?

CHAPTER NINE - Sloane

I hear the doorbell ring, but I ignore it. It's probably a salesman. Someone stole the NO SOLICITATION sign from the front of the neighborhood about a year ago. Not that it worked. Solicitors kept coming anyway. Every couple of months, someone would buy another sign and stake it in the grass near the entrance to our subdivision. And every couple of days after that, someone would come by and steal it. Neither the signs nor the stealing of the signs interrupted the flow of solicitors. I just wonder if one of them makes signs. That would be pretty brilliant.

The bell rings again and I roll over to look at the clock. Twenty minutes before ten.

My head throbs like my heart has migrated from my chest cavity and taken up residence between my temples. I moan into the quiet, glad that all the men in my house are either at work or are at the gym on their way to work. The last thing I need on top of my raging hangover is a bunch of arrogant I-told-you-sos and smug looks.

I hear the annoying ding dong sound for the third time. Gritting my teeth, I throw back the covers and stomp down the stairs to the front door. I yank it open, ready to unleash unholy hell on some poor unsuspecting vacuum cleaner salesman, but I'm brought up short when I see Hemi standing on the stoop. He looks like a breath of fresh air in his low-slung jeans with a hole in one knee, his black The Ink Stain t-shirt with the fabulous art on the front, and his aviator sunglasses, shielding his eyes from the harsh light.

I squint as I look up at him, the sun driving a thousand tiny needles straight through my eyeballs and into the center of my brain.

"What are you doing here?"

I see his lips curve into a wry smile and, when he lifts his hand, I notice for the first time what he's carrying-a cup of coffee.

I reach out and take it in both of my hands, holding the steaming brew to my lips and taking a careful sip. Even the smell makes me feel a little better. Like there's life inside the cup.

"Come on in," I say absently as I turn and walk away from the door.

It isn't until I'm seated on the couch in the living room with my legs curled beneath me that I realize what I must look like-plaid pink shorts, tiny pink t-shirt that says KISS ME on the front, hair in a ponytail, last night's makeup undoubtedly smeared all over my face.

I close my eyes against the mental image and take another sip of coffee. After a full minute or two, when there's nothing but silence in the room, I crack my lids and look around for Hemi. He's sitting on the edge of an armchair with his elbows on his knees, watching me.

"Good?"

I nod and take another sip. "How'd you know?"

"I've had a hangover or two."

"This is my first."

"Mmm, I'm getting to see all kinds of firsts for you. Lucky me."

A coil of warmth lazily unwinds in the pit of my stomach. It seems that he's hinting at other firsts, dark, taboo firsts. His expression gives away nothing and his eyes are hidden by his glasses. I don't need to see them to know that they're on me, though. I can feel them. Like a touch. Like a warm finger against my lips. Nervously, I wet them with the tip of my tongue. I'm not purposely trying to taunt him, but I don't think that matters. I see the muscle in his jaw bunch as he grits his teeth. And I hear a hissing sound as he sucks in a breath past them.

I revel in the tension strung between us like a taut wire. I want to enjoy it, prolong it, not push him away like he tried to push me away.

"And lasts," I say with a casual laugh, referring to my venture into alcohol consumption.

"Maybe. Some things you try will be much more...addictive than drinking, though."

My pulse flutters. "And what might those be?"

"I'll let you tell me."

The coffee feels tepid compared to the heat that's coursing through me. This subtle, intimate way he has of speaking to me is doing horrible things to my nerve. And delicious things to the rest of me. But should it? This is the guy that asked me to leave...

"What are you doing here? Did you come all the way out here to bring me coffee?"

I live about thirty minutes outside Atlanta.

With my father and brothers.

Still.

But once I graduate, and start making some money, I'm outta here.

"I'm here to take you for your first lesson."

"My first lesson?"

"Yes, lesson. Didn't you say you wanted to learn all about the art of tattooing?"

"Umm, yeah, but didn't you say you didn't teach others?"

"I did. But with you having so many firsts to share with me, I felt the need to keep up."

"And what makes you think I'll be sharing any more firsts with you?"

Hemi smiles broadly and my insides burst into flame. "Trust me. You'll be sharing many more firsts with me."

It doesn't occur to me to argue his point. Mainly because I don't want to. I can think of nothing I'd like better than to share all of my firsts with Hemi. I can think of no more fascinating person with whom to spread my wings. I won't deny that I'm pleased. Very pleased. But I don't have to admit it either.

"Is that so?" I'm purposely nonchalant, even though I feel anything but nonchalant.

"That's so."

He's still smiling. And it's still doing wicked things to my guts.

"And just what does my first lesson entail?"

"You. Me. And the Beach."

"The beach?"

"Yes, the beach. So hurry up and drink your coffee then go squeeze that tasty ass of yours into a bikini so we can hit the road. We've got a long drive ahead."

All I hear is tasty ass and long drive. I get to spend the day with Hemi. And he thinks I have a tasty ass.

Best. Hangover. Ever.

CHAPTER TEN - Hemi

What the hell was I thinking?

I decided to take Sloane up on her offer because the opportunity was too good to pass up. I mean, this might be the "in" that I need. I just need to be careful. I can't afford to let her distract me too much. A little is okay. Everyone needs a little entertainment. And exploring a virtually untouched body like hers would definitely be entertaining. But it also might be too distracting.

I think the thought of denying myself is getting to me. I'm used to taking what I want. I've always been that kind of man. There have never really been consequences for a guy like me. Until recently. But while that man might have been buried for a while now, he isn't dead. And I have a feeling that he might raise his head long enough to take advantage of this situation, no matter how stupid that would be.

Some part of me wonders if Sloane-and the temptation to taste her- has more to do with my decision than pragmatism does. It makes sense, but does it make enough sense?

I quickly brush the notion aside. Yes, it makes enough sense. At twenty-eight, I'm too old to be ensnared by a girl like Sloane. For all the life experiences I've had and the way I've lived for so long, I might as well be fifty.

But damn, I can't say I wouldn't love to dig my fingers and my tongue and my c**k into her sweet little body. I'm reminded of that when she comes bouncing back out into the living room less than ten minutes later, carrying a beach bag and wearing nothing but a bikini top and the tiniest shorts I've ever seen.

"Ready?" she asks, all fresh-faced and enthusiastic.

"Oh, hell yeah I'm ready."

CHAPTER ELEVEN - Sloane

I never really thought of what a guy like Hemi might drive. I wouldn't have been surprised by a big, shiny motorcycle or a fast little sports car, but what I find parked in the driveway at my house suits him perfectly.

It's an old car, but in absolutely perfect condition from what I can tell. It's a convertible and the top is down. With its muscular build, glossy black paint and sparkly silver racing stripes that zoom up the hood, it looks dangerous and powerful, just like its driver.

"I don't know what kind of car this is, but it suits you to a T!" I say as I walk around to the passenger side. Looking at the car, I didn't know Hemi followed me until he reaches past me to open up the door. "Oh," I exclaim, startled, "thank you!"

Hemi nods, a grin teasing the edges of his lips. "My pleasure." I love it when he's almost smiling like that. It makes him look like he's up to something and I can't help but feel excited with anticipation.

I watch his loose gait as he walks around the hood of the car and slides easily behind the wheel. He glances over at me. "It's a 1969 Camaro." As if to punctuate what I already suspected about the car, Hemi fires up the engine. The deep, throaty growl screams speed. And power. "It's four hours to the beach. This baby'll get us there in closer to three."

He shifts into gear and guides the car slowly out of my subdivision. As soon as he turns the corner onto the highway, he hits the gas and turns up the music. I feel a lighthearted laugh bubble up in my throat. The tunes, the wind, the sun, Hemi-it all feels like freedom. I'm spreading my wings. And it feels wonderful.

********

It's just after one when we arrive at Tybee Island, right on the edge of Savannah. We didn't talk on the way down, as a convertible isn't exactly conducive to hearing much of anything. But we didn't need to talk. The trip was wonderful without a single word having to be spoken.

Hemi finds a parking spot at a public lot and maneuvers his car into it. He cuts the engine and hops out, grabbing my bag from the back seat. I get out before he can get around to my side, and I meet him at the front of the car.

"I hope you brought sunscreen," Hemi says, reaching up to rub the backs of his fingers down my arm. "I'd hate to see this porcelain get burned."

"I did," I reply softly, feeling his touch all the way into my core.

"All right, then, let's do this thing."

I smile, remembering he said the same thing the first night we met. Hemi holds out his hand. I slip mine inside it, fighting the urge to smile even wider. "I'm ready."

He's not looking at me when he speaks, and his voice is low, so I'm not entirely sure I hear him correctly, but it sounded like he murmured, "I sure hope so."

We cross the street and make our way onto the hot sand. There is a nice crowd out today, but it's nowhere near as commercial (and, therefore, as congested) as other beaches.

Hemi surprises me when he leads me to a small square of empty sand right in the thick of things and sets my bag in the center of it. "This oughtta do."

"Not that I'm complaining, but why are we here again?"

"To observe."

"To observe what?"

"People. Bodies. Your canvas will be this," he says, sweeping his hand over the throng of beach-goers. "Folks just like these. The more familiar you are with the human body, the way the skin moves and shifts, the way it stretches over bone and muscle, the better able you'll be to craft a great tattoo."

"Oh," I respond, not knowing what else to say, but duly impressed with his philosophy. "Sounds good."

As I spread out my towel, I'm keenly aware of Hemi. He's standing to my left, facing me. Behind his glasses, he could be looking out at the people beyond me. Or he could be watching me. I can't be sure. Either way, it makes peeling my shorts down my legs unnerving. And exciting.

I stretch out on my towel and take advantage of my own shaded eyes, tilting my face toward the sun and surreptitiously watching Hemi. I find that I'm much more interested in observing his form than I am in looking at the other half-naked bodies on the beach.

I see his lips curl up again-just the tiniest bit-and I wonder if he knows I'm watching him. He slips his glasses off as he pulls his shirt over his head. He pitches it onto the sand and, before he puts his glasses back in place, I see his eyes meet mine through my own aviators. Yes, he knows I'm watching him.

I've seen Hemi in a tank top before, but without it, he's even more beautiful than I could've imagined. His shoulders are impossibly wide, one side covered with an intricate tattoo that crawls over onto a perfectly-defined pectoral. His chest is covered with a smattering of hair that narrows as it approaches the washboard of his abdominals. On one side of his trim waist is a series of beautifully designed letters and numbers that travel from his hip, beyond his jeans, up his ribs to his armpit. I'm just about to ask what they mean when he reaches for the closure of his jeans. The words die in the back of my throat.

Hemi unfastens his button fly, his fingers working nimbly to undo each one. He looks practiced at it and I can't help but imagine him expertly loosening the clasp of my bra. And my shorts. And whatever else lies between his skin and mine.

He eases the material down his legs, revealing black swim trunks and, beyond them, the most perfect legs I've ever seen. They're muscular and not overly hairy, and I can see the end of a tattoo peeking out from beneath the hem of his shorts. It must cover his right thigh.

He pitches his jeans on top of his shirt and turns to face the ocean. My mouth is dry as I look at his amazing back side. I hope to God we get in the water and I get to see what all that looks like with the thin material of his trunks stuck wetly to every wonderful inch of his lower body.

"You did bring sunscreen, didn't you?" he asks, looking over his shoulder at me.

"Of course. I'm obedient like that," I tease, reaching into my bag for a tube of lotion. Hemi gave me meticulous care instructions for my tattoo, one of which was to protect it from the sun.

"Obedient? Mmm, I like obedient." Something about the way he says it, something about the rough quality of his voice draws my eyes back to him. He's still looking back at me, watching me. And my mouth is still dry as he does.

"I'm a good girl, remember?"

"How can I forget?"

I'm not sure what that means, so I'm thankful when my fingers meet the familiar shape of the sunblock. I drag it out and hold it out to Hemi. "Want some?"

"Please," he says, taking it from my fingers and squeezing some out into his palm. He hands me the tube and I take it. But that's as far as I get. I'm suddenly mesmerized as I watch him rub lotion onto his arms then his chest and belly, the skin glistening in the sun as he works in the cream. "Can you do my back?" he asks quietly.

My eyes fly to his and I silently curse the black disks that hide them from me. All I see there is a reflection of my face, of my interest and desire. I know nothing of what he's feeling, if anything at all.

"Sure," I say, getting ready to stand to my feet.

"Stay put. I'll come to you," he says, sitting between my feet.

Feeling a little breathless in the heat, I squirt a blob of sunscreen into my palm and spread my legs to lean up and massage the lotion into Hemi's smooth, bronze skin. He must be naturally dark complected. I see no evidence of tan lines. Anywhere.

I rub my hands over his shoulders, down the backs of his arms, over his broad back and down his sides, making sure to adequately cover the tattoo on his ribs, all the while trying to ignore the way his muscles twitch and flex under my palms.

"All done," I breathe, feeling discombobulated.

"Now you," he says, turning to get up onto his knees and taking the tube from beside my hip. "Roll over."

Slowly, I straighten my legs, guiding them between his spread knees and then I roll carefully onto my stomach, more aware than ever of my tiny bathing suit bottoms.

The first thing I feel is a cool dot between my shoulder blades. It snakes from side to side over my back, stopping at the base of my spine. There's a pause and then I feel Hemi's warm hands. They start with wide swipes between my shoulder blades then he spreads his hands and digs his fingers into the muscles of my neck.

I gasp.

"Why so tense?" he asks.

"The drive, I guess," I mutter, burying my face in my crossed arms.

Hemi works his way down my back, his fingers gliding under the tie to my suit, skating dangerously to the curve of my br**sts. He moves on to my ribs, carefully coating my new butterflies.

His strokes slow and I feel him shift closer. "These turned out really well. Maybe we can finish them up this week."

I feel his warm breath on my skin and chills spread. Again.

"You're surely not cold."

"No, I'm not cold."

"Then why the chills?" he whispers, his voice near my ear.

"I'm ticklish," I murmur, the statement not entirely fabricated.

"You are? Where are you most ticklish? Here?" he asks, dancing his fingertips along my side. I flinch, but not because he's tickling me. "Here?" he asks, nearing my arm pits. "Or is it lower?"

Oh God, oh God, oh God!

I catch my breath and hold it as he drags his hands down my spine and spreads them over my hips, dipping them down toward the sand, his fingertips barely teasing the edges of my stomach. Reflexively, I arch, raising my hips a little.

I hear him breathe an obscenity before his hands are gone. I look behind me and he's already on his feet, his jaw clenched tight, rubbing excess sunscreen onto his chest.

"Come on, let's go people watch."

"Wait! I need to do my front."

"I'll meet you down at the water," he says stiffly and then he turns and walks away.

CHAPTER TWELVE - Hemi

Here I am. At the beach. Surrounded by scantily-clad women, sparkling water and white-sugar sand, and none of it is holding my attention. I'm simply looking at it all to keep from turning and watching Sloane slather sunblock on her long legs, her tight stomach and between those lush tits.

God, rubbing that lotion on her was sweet torture. The kinds of women I usually spend time with have no delusions about where something like that would lead. And they'd be okay with it. Begging for it, even. But it's different with Sloane. She's naive to a point. And besides that, I don't think she has a clue how damnably hot and sexy she is. In fact, I think that adds to it. Maybe that's what I'm finding so irresistible about her. Because that's what it's feeling like. The more I'm around her, the more I want her, the more I feel like I have to have her. And now that I know about her brother, that could be bad news for both of us. And no female is worth that risk. Not. One.

"Okay, what now?" Sloane asks from behind me. I turn to find her standing at my left shoulder, looking up at me, her eyes hidden by sunglasses. But I don't need to see them to know that interest is there. Attraction. Fascination. I don't know whether she doesn't try to hide it or if she thinks she is hiding it. Either way, it's there for me to see. Plain as the cute little nose on her face. And it's driving me crazy.

"Let's walk," I say, turning to head up the beach. I set a lazy pace as we kick through the surf. She keeps up easily. When the wind blows, I get a hint of her perfume mixed with sunscreen-the scent of innocence. It's mouthwatering.

"What are we looking for?"

"Just look around. Look at all the exposed skin. Look at the way it moves when people walk. Look at the way it stretches tight when they bend over or run. Look at the way it hangs when they're relaxed. When you're drawing a picture on skin, when you're making art that will live and breathe with the person wearing it, you need to consider everything. Wrinkles, fat, bone, muscle, age. It can all affect your work. And they'll have to live with it. For a long, long time."

As we walk along, I point out tattoos on different people, explaining why I would or wouldn't have done it that way. I ask Sloane questions, trying to get a feel for her innate abilities. I ask her things like how she would work around a skin fold or what she'd tell someone who wanted a tattoo in a place that wouldn't turn out the way they envision.

I suspected her to be fairly intuitive about art. After seeing her sketch, I had no doubt she has talent. But now I'm beginning to think she might really have an aptitude for tattoo work. And that just makes her even more appealing to me. It's not something that's common-doing tattoos-therefore it's not something easily shared with others. I can feel it forming a bond between us, one I didn't foresee and probably should've avoided like the plague.

But right now, it serves my purpose. I don't like the thought of anyone getting hurt, but I can't be responsible for everyone else. I have my own shit in life to worry about. And some of it is more important to me than anything else. It has to be. Until I see it through, it has to take precedence. End of story.

After nearly two hours of strolling along the beach, looking at bodies with the eye of a tattoo artist, I finally notice the heat.

"Do you swim?"

Sloane smiles broadly. "Yeah, I love to swim."

"Then you have two choices. Run or I'll pick you up and throw you in."

Her smile dies as she processes my words. It only takes two, maybe three seconds for her to turn away from me and run, squealing toward the water. I give her a very small lead and then I swoop in, scooping her up into my arms and running into the salt water waves. I hit thigh level just as a swell comes in. I wait until it's ready to break and I throw Sloane right in the highest part. I hear her squeal again, but it's quickly drowned by the crash of water over her head.

I see her sunglasses fly out and hit the water a couple feet away. I reach for them as I watch her, making sure she finds her feet. Her head pops up in an instant. I smile when I hear her sputtering. She straightens, pushing long, inky strands of hair out of her eyes.

"You...you..." she stammers. I might feel bad if she was really mad, but she's not. I can see her curved lips, and I know it's just bluster.

"Me...me...what? Me fast and you slow?"

Sloane comes stomping out of the deeper water toward me. "You're going down, mister."

"Ooo, promises promises." I start backing away, laughing at her bravado. She speeds up, I speed up. She lunges, I evade. "Don't hurt yourself, little girl," I mock as she leaps to try and get a hold on my arm.

"I'm not a little girl," she demands, hurling herself at me. I sidestep her and she splashes into the water.

"Prove it," I tease playfully.

Sloane stops. Just stops. She stops and watches me. Through her spiky eyelashes, I can see flecks of gold in the chocolate of her eyes. I can see that her suckable lips are parted slightly and I can see that her chest is heaving as a result of our play.

She raises her hands to smooth her hair away from her face. It stretches her bathing suit top tight across her tits, plainly displaying her hard little ni**les. For a second, it feels like I'm watching a Sports Illustrated shoot.

I let my eyes roam her curves. Droplets ease their way down her throat and into the valley between her br**sts. Her stomach contracts with each breath. Her thighs move rhythmically through the swirling water as she walks toward me.

When I raise my gaze back to her face, I see that her eyes are fixed on mine. She holds me there until she reaches me and stops again.

She tilts her face up toward mine. Other than that, she doesn't move. Doesn't speak. She's close enough that I can feel her body heat despite the cool water bathing my skin.

I see her reach out. I feel her warm hands when she grips my sides. I watch her pull herself up onto her tiptoes. I hold my breath as her lips get closer and closer.

And then they're touching mine.

The kiss is soft and innocent and fleeting. And when she leans back, I see that there is, in fact, a woman behind the guileless eyes that I see every time I close mine. There's a woman in there, and she knows what she wants. Maybe I've not given her enough credit. Maybe I missed seeing it at first, when I got lost in her sweet smile and blushing cheeks. Maybe she's more like the women I've known than what I suspected.

Yes, this girl knows what she wants. And, while she may not be as deliberate in getting it as the others I've bedded, she still knows how to use what she's got.

And she's using it.

Right now.

On me.

When she leans into me again, I go into the kiss with the intention of leading Sloane out into the deeper water and showing her just what she's asking of me. And showing her a little taste of just what she'll get.

But before any of that can happen, she flinches, pulling away from me with a gasp.

"Ouch!" At first it seems like she stepped on something. But then I hear the air hiss between her teeth again and she cries out. "Oh shit! Something just bit me."

She darts away from me, swishing the water around her like she's trying to scare something away. She screeches and grabs her right leg.

"Ohmigod, Hemi, something bit me!"

I can see that she's not kidding. And that she's getting more upset by the second. I kick into action.

Moving as quickly as I can through the churning water, I sweep Sloane up into my arms and I run her to the shore. I drop to my knees in the wet sand, laying her gently in front of me. I see the cringe marring her beautiful features, her expression one of pain. She's paler than usual, too.

"Show me where," I command.

Sloane indicates the outside of her right thigh. That's when I see the angry red slashes filled with angry red dots.

A jellyfish sting.

"You've been stung by a jellyfish," I say by way of explanation. "Hold still."

I check her skin to make sure there are no tentacles attached. When I confirm that there aren't, I stand.

"You're not gonna pee on me, are you?" she asks, her eyes slightly horrified despite the pain she's in.

I can't help but grin. "No, I just need to go get something. Stay put. I'll be right back."

I run up the beach to where our stuff is. Luckily we'd almost made our way back to where we started. I grab the tube of sunscreen from Sloane's bag and retrace my steps. It only takes me a few seconds to get back to her.

Holding the tube by the fat part, I scrape the sharply folded end over Sloane's skin.

She yelps in pain. "Don't do that!"

She flinches away from me.

"Hold still. I have to get the stingers out." Once more, I carefully scrape the site with the flat edge of the lotion tube until I'm fairly confident there are no remaining stingers. I can tell she's in pain, but Sloane doesn't make another sound. Finally, I scoop her back up again and take her into the surf.

"What are you doing?" she asks, clinging to my neck and curling her body tighter against mine so that I don't put her into the water.

I set her down in the shallows, in just enough depth that I can bathe her leg. "Here, this will help. Just trust me. I need to wash it out with salt water. It'll help it to not burn as bad."

I cup my hands and ladle water onto her thigh, gently rubbing the area. Over and over, I force water onto the sting, hopefully rinsing away any residual stingers and neutralizing the toxins.

"Is it feeling any better?" I ask, checking her color again. She still looks pale, but she doesn't look like her distress is as acute.

"A little."

"You're not feeling short of breath or anything, are you?"

She pauses to assess herself then she shakes her head and answers, "No. I feel fine otherwise."

"Come on. Let's find an emergency room or an urgent care to get you to."

I bend to pick her up again, but she struggles a little. "No! That's not necessary, is it? Just for a jellyfish sting?"

I glance down at her face. She looks alarmed.

"Well, it's not mandatory, but I'd feel better if you got some medical attention." I see her worrying her lip. "Why? Do you have an aversion to hospitals or something?"

"It's not that. It's just that...that..."

"What? Spit it out."

She leans her head against my chest for a second, as if her instinct is to hide her face.

"It's just that I'd hate for my family to find out about this."

"Why? It's not like you did it on purpose."

"I know that. They're just...it's just...it's complicated."

"Complicated," I repeat.

"Yeah. Complicated." I slow my walk as we approach Sloane's towel. I set her down on it and crouch at her side.

"Do they not know you're here?"

"Uhhh," she hedges, "not so much."

"Is it because of last night? Because I'm not afraid of your brother, if that's what you're worried about."

"No, no, it's not that. It's just that..."

"You can tell me. Whatever it is. I don't judge. And I won't get mad, if that's what you're worried about."

She makes a growling sound. "Grrr, it's not that. It's just...it's embarrassing."

I sit over onto my hip beside her. "All right, tell me what's going on."

"Look, my family is just very...protective. It's been a big struggle for me to make them see that I'm all grown up, that they need to let me live my life. Turning twenty-one was huge for me. They'll go into orbit if they find out I took off to the beach with some random guy, got stung by a jellyfish and then ended up in the hospital. They'll give me shit every time I want to leave the house for months if they find out."

"No offense, but why don't you just move out?"

Sloane sighs. "It's not that easy. There are things...well, it's just not that easy. Trust me."

Everyone has a right to their secrets and their privacy. I, of all people, believe that wholeheartedly, so I don't press her.

"Okay, well how about this. Let's find a hotel and at least get you someplace where you can rest and I can get some vinegar on this thing. That way you won't have a miserable car ride and an unsavory family run-in today. You can tell your family that you're with a friend, and that you'll be home tomorrow. Sound plausible?"

I see as much as feel her exhale. Her smile is relieved. "That sounds great."

I exhale, too. "Okay, first things first. Let's get off the beach and go across to Savannah and find a place to hole up for the night. Then we'll go from there. Cool?"

"Cool," she repeats.

I throw all our stuff in her bag-clothes, shoes, sunscreen, my sunglasses.

"Shit! I must've dropped your glasses. I don't have 'em."

"That's fine. They were cheap. And I guess I can let you off the hook since you were trying to rescue me and all."

"How kind of you," I reply drolly. "I'll buy you another pair before we leave."

"That's really not necessary."

"Maybe not, but I will anyway."

I throw her bag over my shoulder and start to reach for her.

"I can walk," she says, rolling to her feet and dusting sand off her butt. She turns around and grabs her towel to shake it out, but I notice the frown she's wearing.

"What? Something else is wrong. What is it?"

She shrugs and shakes her head, a clear indication that I'm right.

"It's just that...I don't really have..."

"Just tell me," I prompt when she keeps stammering.

"I wasn't expecting to be getting a room, so I didn't really bring that much money with me. And my card-"

"Hey, this was my idea. You wouldn't even be here if I hadn't suggested we come to the beach."

"But you wouldn't have suggested it if I hadn't asked you to teach me about tattooing."

I can see that she's genuinely bothered by having to admit the money thing.

"Do you know how many other ways we could've done this? I wanted to get you in a bikini. So sue me."

I see the smile play at the corners of her sexy mouth. Makes me want to rewind to when I was just about to taste them again in the water.

"You're just-"

"I'm a guy. I like looking at your body. This is my penance. Let's just leave it at that, okay?" She doesn't look convinced. "God! Stop beating me over the head with it! I said I was sorry! What do I have to do to make it up to you? Put you up for the night? Tend your wounds? Help you get ready for bed? Make sure you get all the important places washed in the shower?" I sigh dramatically. "Fine. Damn! I'll do it. Just stop talking about it already. Shit, woman!"

Sloane laughs and I hold out my arm for her to lean against as we walk. I doubt she'll take any more charity from me at the moment, so I won't offer to carry her.

Even though I wouldn't mind.

It'll be a long time before I can get the feel of her pressed up against me out of my mind. In the meantime, tonight is liable to be pure hell.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN - Sloane

Not that I needed any more reasons to be enchanted by Hemi, but being on the receiving end of his careful attentions and seeing him take charge really adds another dimension to his appeal. And there was a whole lot of appeal there to begin with!

On the way to Savannah from Tybee, he pulled off at a huge convenience station, where he bought a bottle of vinegar and a box of baking soda. When I asked what they were for, he just muttered, "Don't ask." He also bought me a Coke and a Snickers, a combination that I was fond of before and now find nearly intoxicating. Even though I'm not sure why and I'm pretty sure it's stupid to feel that way.

Now, I'm sitting in the car on the street in front of what looks like a mansion. It's actually a posh hotel with a rich sunset-colored brick exterior, intricately carved moldings and a whimsical spire that looks perfectly at home with a horse-drawn carriage parked outside. If I had to guess, the building is probably some sort of historic landmark. It sits right on Forsyth Park, so waiting for Hemi to get us registered is hardly a chore.

I've already called Sarah to let her know she'll have to extend her part in my cover story until morning. She squealed and started to launch into a hyper inquisition about whether or not I was planning to sleep with Hemi. "Sarah," I said, interrupting her. "I've been stung by a jellyfish and I'm a mess. I seriously don't think this is the best way to lose my virginity." She was disappointed, but she agreed to go along with my ruse. Then I called Dad, who sounded a bit suspicious, but didn't press me, which was a surprise.

So now, I'm people watching. As they walk by, I find myself wondering whether or not they have tattoos. It doesn't take me long to realize that Hemi has completely invaded my brain. But if I'm to be overtaken, I can think of a million worse things than being consumed by Hemi.

I see the hotel door open again and Hemi exits. My eyes rove his tall, lean frame as he moves.

He put on his jeans and t-shirt before we left Tybee, but now that I know what's under them, I love watching him even more. He walks with an easy grace and a confidence that makes me feel breathless. He looks left and right before his eyes rise to mine and stop. He doesn't smile or nod. He just winks. And my heart does a little flip.

What a way to spread my wings!

I smother my grin and try to control the overactive hormones and imagination that have taken possession of me lately.

"We're all set," he says, as he plops down behind the wheel. He starts the car and drives around the block to approach the building from a different angle, one where a valet is waiting at the curb to greet us. He comes to my side first, politely opening the door and offering me his hand. I take it, stepping onto the curb as he closes the door and heads to Hemi's side.

"Do you have bags, sir? I can arrange for the bellhop to-"

"No, thank you. This was an unexpected stop," Hemi says as he gets out and hands the kid a folded bill.

The valet nods, "Yes, sir."

Hemi comes to my side and puts his hand at my lower back. "Shall we?" he says with a practiced sweep of his hand.

I narrow my eyes on him. "You're really good at this," I observe. "Like, really good at this."

His expression is nonchalant. "I watch a lot of Bond movies."

He opens the door for me and I step into a luxurious lobby. The hardwoods are the color of coffee and the furnishings look like a mixture of French and Italian antiques. I could be wrong. What the hell do I know about decorating, other than what I've seen on HGTV? Very little. But whatever it is, it's breathtaking.

Several people nod at us as we make our way through to the elevator. I'm glad I had the time to pull on my shorts over my bottoms, and that the cover up I brought can function as a shirt. It by no means makes me look like I fit in here, but at least I don't feel like Julia Roberts walking through the Regent Beverly Wilshire.

We take the elevator up to our floor. The doors open with an expensive swoosh and usher us out into an elegant hallway. Hemi turns left, so I follow. He stops four doors down and slides a card into the slot below the knob. A green light appears and is followed by a mechanical click. Hemi pushes the door open and steps back to allow me to enter first.

The room is opulent. That's the first word that comes to mind. The thick carpet is taupe, a few shades lighter than the walls. There are splashes of color-a chocolate mink throw, pillows of red and furniture of mahogany-but the bed is done in white-white duvet, white pillows, white headboard. All in all, it's stunning.

"Well," I say as I perch carefully on the end of the bed, "I don't guess I need to ask if tattooing pays well."

Hemi ignores me as he walks straight to the bathroom. "Which side do you sleep on?" he asks when he reappears with an armful of towels and washcloths.

My mind stalls on his question. It's then that it occurs to me that there's one bed. One big, beautiful, luxurious bed. And two of us.

"Umm, it doesn't really matter. I can-"

"It's not a trick question, Sloane," he says, softening his words with a small smile. "I just need to know which side to put all this stuff on."

"This side," I say patting the bed to my left.

"Those shorts need to come off," he says casually, giving me a little chill. "Then pull back the covers and lie down," he orders, depositing his load on the opposite side.

I do as he asks. As I'm stretching out, I feel the need to be accommodating. "Hemi, I can seriously sleep on either side. Really, it won't bother me if you need to sleep over here."

"It won't matter. I don't sleep in the same bed as anyone else, so I'm not planning on getting much shut-eye."

"You don't?"

"No."

"Ever?"

"No."

"Wh-why not? I mean..."

He looks up at me and grins as he folds two towels length-wise. "You mean, I'm a guy. I must sleep around. Therefore I should be able to sleep on either side of a bed, next to virtually anybody, right?"

"That's not what I-"

"Of course it is," he interrupts. "But you're wrong. The women that...occupy my space know to be gone before I get out of the bathroom. I'm not really a...breakfast kind of guy."

"Oh," I say flatly. I don't suppose I'm really surprised. He doesn't seem like the let's-make-love-and-cuddle type. But, then again, I wouldn't have imagined he'd be so...cold either. "Have you never... I mean..."

"Not in a long, long time," he says, arranging the towels under my leg then taking a washcloth in his hand and dousing it with the vinegar he got from the convenience store. He presses the saturated cloth to the angry red streaks and dots on my right thigh. "You're technically supposed to soak it, but that'll be hard to do considering where it's at. Plus, we'd need a lot more vinegar to fill the tub. So this'll have to do."

After he presses the compress to my leg, he backs off and crosses to the desk. He returns with a leather-bound book.

"Where did you learn all this?"

Hemi shrugs, his attention on whatever he's reading rather than me. "I spent a lot of time at the beach as a kid. Picked up a few things here and there." I don't know if he's purposely trying to change the subject or if he's just not that into it, but either way, he changes it. "You hungry? I say we order some room service for the impaired."

"I'm not impaired!"

"Oh, sorry. 'Challenged'," he says, holding up his fingers in air quotes.

"I'm not challenged either! I can get up and go to dinner just fine. Don't let me hold you back."

"You're not holding me back. I'm stuck in a quiet hotel room with a woman in a bikini. How is this holding me back?"

I can't help but smile.

"I'm sure it's hardly what you had in mind for the day."

"Oh, I can definitely think of worse ways for a day at the beach to turn out." His grin is lascivious.

I sit upright. "Oh, shit! Were you supposed to work tonight? I didn't even think about that when I called home. Will you get in trouble?"

"Calm down, calm down," he says, scooting onto the bed beside me. "I already took care of it."

"God, I hate to be such a pain in the ass."

"Wellll, I wasn't gonna say anything, but..."

I grab a pillow and lob it against his head. Hemi laughs.

********

My belly is full and it's long past dark outside. After reapplying vinegar compresses to my leg for a while, Hemi made some kind of nasty paste out of baking soda and water and slathered it on there. Even though I can't really do much with all that goo on my leg, I must admit that the sting does feel better.

Hemi gets up from where he was reclining on the other side of the bed. "Mind if I take a shower? Get all this sand and saltwater off me?"

"No, not at all."

"You can take one in the morning, but for tonight, you probably ought to stay out of hot, fresh water as much as you can."

"Okay. I'll be fine until morning."

Hemi heads for the bathroom, pushing the door up, but not closing it completely. I'm sure it's so he can hear me if I need anything. Or to torture me. I can see him doing either one intentionally. He's a compelling, charismatic bundle of contradictions, I'm learning.

I listen as the spray cuts on. I close my eyes and I follow him through the process. I hear the rings slide along the rod as he pulls back the shower curtain, and then again as he likely closes it behind him. All too clearly, I can imagine him stepping, naked, into the stall, taking a bar of soap, so white against his tanned skin, and rubbing it over his chest and stomach. I can picture the beads of water traveling down his back and over his perfectly-curved butt. There's very little that I can't picture with absolute clarity. Very little. But the part I want to see most is the part I can't imagine.

My eyes are still closed when the water shuts off. I hear the soft friction of the towel against his skin and I can imagine him securing it around his waist as he runs his fingers through his hair to straighten it.

The fan in the bathroom becomes louder and I open my eyes. Hemi is standing in the open doorway, wrapped in nothing but a towel.

"Were you sleeping?"

"No, just...thinking."

"What were you thinking about?" he asks, walking casually to the bed and stretching out across the end, leaning on one elbow, facing me. He crosses his feet at the ankle and waits, his expression patiently interested.

"Skin," I answer in honesty. I just don't tell him that I was thinking about his skin in particular. I hurry to continue. "I was thinking about what it would feel like to draw on it."

"Wanna practice?" he asks.

"What do you mean?"

"Well, I'm sure there's a pen in here. You can draw something on me if you like. It'll wash off."

"Seriously?"

"Sure. What else is there to do?"

I can think of several ways to answer that, but I voice none of them. I've got white gunk on my leg, I haven't showered all day, and my hair is a mass of saltwatered tangles.

"Is there something particular you'd like me to draw?"

Hemi gets up and walks to the desk, returning with a pen that boasts the hotel name. "Hmmm, well, I've been thinking about getting 'Live, no regrets' tattooed on my right side. Lettering that has some kick ass points. Nothing too ornate. Maybe some design that looks like tribal art coming off the L and the G. I don't know. I've been meaning to sketch it out since...well, for a while now. You're welcome to give it a shot."

"Okay," I say, warming to the idea. "Is that your life motto or something?"

"It was...someone else's. Someone that I used to know."

Something in his voice leaves me with no doubt that the topic is closed for discussion. But that same something in his voice makes me want to explore it, to see if this is what he escapes from in his art. And if it's about a woman. Maybe the woman he used to sleep beside. And have breakfast with. So long ago.

I put those disconcerting thoughts out of my head as I sit up in bed, thinking about the logistics of making this work. "How can I...I mean, where will you..."

"Are you right or left handed?"

"Right."

"Perfect. Roll up onto your left side and I'll come lie in front of you."

I scoot over in the bed and roll onto one side, like Hemi suggested. I assumed he'd put his back facing me to give me access to his right side. I'm flustered and more than a little excited when he stretches out facing me, resting his head on my leg just below my jellyfish sting and slinging his arm over my waist, leaving his ribs open to me.

Hemi looks up at me, his eyes like pools of turbulent, dark blue waters. "I can be very...accommodating."

"Yes, you can," I say, unimaginatively, my nerves stretched taut. "I hope you aren't ticklish."

"Only in one spot, but you won't be getting anywhere near that with your pen," he says with a wink.

I feel my face flush and, again, I curse the fact that I'm such a mess. What a perfect opportunity this would be otherwise. I clear my throat and put all my focus into what I'm about to draw on Hemi.

When the pen first touches his skin, it skips along. I rub the tip over my palm to loosen it up before getting it back into position. The first few strokes feel odd. I've never drawn on someone else's skin before. In fact, I've never even written on my own skin. But it gets easier the more I get into it.

Before long, I'm gliding over skin and skimming over bone as I draw letters and swirls. I get so absorbed in it, I find myself going back to do some shading and adding some personal little touches to it.

I have no idea how long I've been at it when I finish, but I look down at Hemi and he's just watching me. Quietly. Intently.

"All done."

"You really do get lost in your art, don't you?"

I smile to hide my embarrassment. "Yeah, I kinda do."

"We've got a lot in common."

I nod. I don't know what to say to that. It makes me happy to hear him admit it, though.

Hemi's eyes search mine. In them, I usually see either heat or a teasing light, but right now neither is the case. They seem...troubled. Like he's conflicted about something. I wonder if he doesn't want to have so much in common with someone else. I wonder if he doesn't want to let someone in, let someone get close.

Without another word, Hemi moves away from me and slides off the bed to saunter into the bathroom. With the door open, I can see him examining my work in the mirror. He runs his fingers over some of the details, but says nothing. And his eyes, his eyes are still guarded. I get more anxious by the second.

Finally he returns to the main room. "This is good, Sloane. Really good."

I exhale and give him a shy smile. "Thank you."

"I don't think you'll have any trouble learning to tattoo."

"Really?"

"No trouble at all."

I sit up in bed, gathering courage for what I'm about to ask. It will require more of a commitment from Hemi and I'm not sure he'll agree to it. Saying he'll teach me to tattoo is different than being, like, a preceptor.

"Here's the thing. I'm in my senior year at UGA and not only do I have Advanced Figure Drawing and Anatomy this semester, but I also have a drawing elective that can contain a practical aspect if I get it cleared through my professor. Would you, um, would you be willing to be my preceptor? I could use my experiences with you as drawing and anatomy in a practical sense. From what some of the others in my classes are doing, I think this would be acceptable, and it would kill two birds with one stone."

Hemi watches me closely. I can see that his mind is whirling behind his eyes and it makes me tense as I wait.

"I think I could do that. We could start you out doing some original sketches then work you up to doing stencils. Then, eventually, to using the gun on skin."

I'm thrilled for several reasons, not the least of which is the amount of time this means I'll get to spend with Hemi.

"That would be fantastic! And I really appreciate it."

He gives me a tight smile as he absently runs his fingers over the words that I drew on his side. "My pleasure." He holds my gaze for a few more seconds before he looks away, almost uncomfortably. "I'm gonna run out and get us some supplies. Toothbrush, toothpaste, things like that. Do you need anything?"

I don't know why, but I get the feeling he's anxious to get away from me.

"No, I'll be fine until we get home tomorrow. Toothbrush and toothpaste is plenty."

Hemi nods. "I'm gonna put my clothes back on and then I'll hit the road."

I nod as well and he disappears back into the bathroom, closing the door behind him. When he reemerges, he holds up his phone. "What's your number? I'll text you from my phone so you can call if you need anything?"

I think it's an odd request since he's only going out for a couple of things. How long does he plan to be gone?

I keep my thoughts to myself, however, and I'm as casual as I can be when I give him my number. He taps it into his phone and a few seconds later, mine chirps with an incoming text. It says simply, "Hemi."

Then, with a rushed Be right back, he's gone. I wait for about half an hour, wide awake, before I scoot down in the bed to get more comfortable. It's then that the events of the day catch up to me and my eyes get heavy.

I don't know when I fell asleep, but when I wake, all the lights are off in the room but for the lamp on the desk. I see Hemi sitting there, sketching something onto the complementary notepad. His head is bent and his face is intense in the soft, direct light. I roll over to look at the clock. It's twenty minutes after two. When I glance back to Hemi, his head is up and his eyes are on me. He says nothing and neither do I. I just lie back down, closing my eyes and trying to push thoughts of him out of my head so I can go back to sleep.

And, sometime later, I do.

Finally.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN - Hemi

Sloane has been quiet all morning. I'm sure she's responding to me disappearing for a while last night. I needed to go get my head together, think things through. Seeing those letters on my side reminded me of my goal, my mission. And, even though I like Sloane and I feel guilty for what I'm doing to her, it's what I have to do. Period. If I told her, she might even understand it. Then again, she might not. But I'll never know because I can't tell her. I can't trust her with it. She could ruin everything and that's a risk I just can't take.

As soon as she woke up and said her leg was feeling much better, I suggested we get on the road. It's Saturday, so she might not have plans, but I do. I need to get back to work. And now I need sleep, since I got none last night.

When we are about an hour outside Savannah, it starts to sprinkle rain, so I turn down the music and pull off onto the shoulder to put up the top. It's as I'm easing back onto the highway that I hear a grumbling sound.

"Shit, damn, piss! I'm such an ass**le!" I say aloud as I start surveying signs we pass along the interstate.

"What?" Sloane asks me, her expression puzzled. "Why are you an ass**le?"

"You haven't even had breakfast. And I'm sure you're hungry."

She shrugs. "I'm fine. I'll live."

"Stop being so agreeable. You need to speak up, tell me what you want."

"Seriously, I'm fine. It's not a-"

She's so sweet and understanding and it only makes me feel worse about what I did. What I'm doing. "Look, I feel like shit and you're just making it worse. Call me a selfish bastard. Tell me to stop the car and get some food in your damn stomach. Punch me in the leg. Do something!" My rant comes out angrier than I intended. I can tell that by the stung expression that now clouds Sloane's features.

"Fine," she says. She pauses for a second before she reaches across the seat and punches me in the leg. And it's no light little girl punch either. This is a punch she probably gives that Sasquatch brother of hers. "Stop at the next restaurant and get me some breakfast, you selfish bastard."

There's sincerity in her voice, so much so that it leads me to believe she has some aggression of her own to get out, no doubt a product of last night.

"I didn't say you had to do it all," I mutter, teasing her. "Damn."

She glares at me for a few seconds. I stare back, wearing my most wounded expression. Finally, she relents and smiles.

"Sorry. I get grouchy when I'm hungry."

"Grouchy? The hell you say! You're mean as a snake!"

She laughs and slaps my arm playfully. "I am not."

"Now I'm gonna have to explain why I have a limp."

She rolls her eyes, but her face looks more relaxed, which was my goal. It won't do me a bit of good to alienate her at this point. I need her. And I need her to be able to talk to me.

I see a sign for an IHOP, so I take that exit. Within a few minutes, we are seated in a booth with menus in our hands.

After we order and the waitress brings us coffee, Sloane says conversationally, "I don't blame you for forgetting breakfast."

"And why is that?"

"You said you're not the breakfast kind of guy."

"I did, didn't I?"

"I'm flattered that you'd make an exception for me."

"We didn't sleep together, so this doesn't count."

"So you don't take the girls you have sex with out for breakfast?"

"Nope."

"And why is that?"

I shrug. "I just don't have the time or the inclination to get that...involved with anybody." Sloane doesn't meet my eyes. She blows carefully into her mug to cool her coffee before she takes a sip. I take the opportunity to change the subject. "So, tell me about this family of yours."

She sighs. "Well, I have three brothers. They're all cops. My father is, too. To say they're overprotective would be like calling the Gulf of Mexico a puddle of rain."

I try not to seem too interested, even though I am. "Three brothers? All cops? Wow! I bet that is rough. Tell me about them."

"Sig is the youngest. He's not as rigid as the other two. We've always been close and he's not as hard on me as the others are. He's only been out of police academy for about a year. Next is Scout. He's kind of a split between both my parents, temperament-wise. He can be more understanding at times, but he isn't always that way. And then there's Steven. He's the one you met the other night at Cuff's. He's a bear. Just like Dad. Those two would never let me out of the house if they had their way."

"Is that why he was acting like such a prick? He didn't like that you were there?"

"Yeah, I showed up without giving them any kind of warning. I wanted to make a point. And I did. Oh, boy, did I ever!"

"Seems like he didn't take it very well."

"Well, by the time I actually saw Steven, I'd had quite a bit to drink. It probably wasn't the best timing."

"Did you know he'd be there?"

"Yeah, my family frequents Cuff's quite a bit." She takes another sip of coffee and then frowns. "Speaking of Cuff's, what were you doing there? That's a cop bar, I thought."

I school my features. "Do you realize the population of cops that have tattoos? They're almost as bad as people in the military."

"Oh," she says, nodding. "I guess I never thought of it that way."

I take a drink of my coffee, too. "So, what does your mother say about all the overprotective men?"

Sloane's smile is sad and I immediately feel like I've stepped in a painful pile of shit. "She'd probably just roll her eyes if she knew. She died when I was seven years old."

"God, Sloane, I'm sorry."

"Don't be. She lived a good life while she could. She had acute lymphoblastic leukemia. She had it first when she was just a little girl. She did great for a lot of years. Unfortunately, she had a relapse. And when it recurs in adulthood, the prognosis is usually bad. She relapsed when she was twenty-eight and died when she was thirty."

"Oh, shit. I'm so sorry I brought it up."

"Don't be. Really. She was a wonderful mother. She never let it keep her from really living. She was determined to squeeze as much happiness out of life as she could. And she did."

Ain't that a kick to the nads?

I feel like such an ass for bringing it up. "I'm glad she did. Life is short. It's up to us to make the most of it."

"Exactly!" Sloane says emphatically. "That's why I want to start living now. My dad and my brothers might not like it, but I'm an adult and they can't keep me locked away in a pain-proof, mistake-proof, life-proof tower forever. They have to learn to let me go."

Her words...oh God, her words!

"Sometimes it's harder to let go than what you might think."

Sloane looks at me over her coffee cup, her expression...odd. "I don't doubt that it is, but it's necessary. We have to move on. We have to live life. Just like those words on your side-'Live, no regrets'."

I nod, staring into the black liquid in my mug. Before either of us has to say anything else, the waitress comes with our food. I'll ask her more about her family later. But right now, I think we both need a break.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN - Sloane

"Are you kidding me? That's it? That's all that happened?" Sarah asks me from the passenger seat. It's my turn to drive to school this week and she's starting Monday off with an inquisition that the KGB would be proud of.

"Yep."

"Girl, we need to watch some p**n . You need help. A lot of help."

"I don't need to watch p**n , Sarah. And I don't need help. He came right out and told me that he doesn't usually like 'innocent' girls. He acts like he's gonna ruin my life if he gets involved with me."

"Then you need to convince him otherwise. With your shirt off. That always helps change a man's mind."

"Oh God, Sarah! You're the one that needs help."

"No, you need help. I told you that. I'm telling you, Sloane, you need for this guy to help you spread your...wings." Her pause is intentional and when I look over at her, she's grinning devilishly.

"You're disgusting, you know that?"

"You wouldn't think so if you'd go ahead and ditch that pesky virginity."

"I'm trying! It's not as easy as I thought it'd be."

"It's exactly as easy as you thought it'd be. You're just losing your nerve."

"But I'm not! Not at all. I want him. Really bad. But for some reason he's determined not to give in to it. I don't know what it is. It's more than just my...inexperience. It's like he wants to leave me alone, but can't. And he resents it." I think about my own words. "Well, maybe 'resents' isn't the right word. I don't know how to explain it. It's like he wants to be with me, but then he doesn't. Like he feels like he should stay away from me, but then he doesn't. It's freaky."

"And hot!" Sarah adds.

I grin over at her. "And it's driving me crazy!"

"Oh, I bet. By the time you get him to get on that horse and ride, you'll be ready to fall apart. But that can be a good thing, especially for your first time."

I hate thinking about my first time, much less talking about it. I know all the details, all the mechanics and physiological aspects of it. I just want to get past all that painful, awkward shit and move on to the good stuff. Time's a wastin'!

"Well, if there's anybody I would bet big money on to make a girl's first time pure heaven, it'd be Hemi."

"And I want alllll the details. You hear me?"

"I hear you."

"And hurry up about it. You're a woman. Use all the tools God gave you and bring that boy to his knees."

I sigh. "I'm trying."

"No, you're not. You're just floating along, letting things 'happen'. You can't do that. You have to make things happen. Your way. In your time."

"I'm on it, Sarah. Trust me. I've got this."

I say this to get Sarah off my back, not believing it for one second. The more time goes on and Hemi doesn't make a move, the more insecure it makes me. But I'm not ready to give up yet. If I could pick anybody in the world to be my first, it would be Hemi. As tough and hard and matter-of-fact as he is, he's shown me a whole different side of himself. The side that's caring, and wounded, and uncertain about some things. He may not have intended to show me, but he did. And I saw it. And now I can't forget it.

What I can't-and won't-tell Sarah is that this is too important to me for me to just capriciously screw it up over sex. It's worth more than that to me. Hemi is worth more than that to me. I just can't tell her that.

"So when do you see him again?"

"Since I've got school, he doesn't want me coming in there so late and being tired the next day, so he said I should plan on coming Thursday and Friday night."

"How considerate," she says sarcastically. "He needs to get over that shit and just get this done."

"Sarah..." I roll my eyes. "You should've been a guy."

"Why? Because I'm honest?"

"Maybe."

"Well, that's why I'm not a guy. Guys aren't honest. They hide things from you and tell you what you want to hear. I don't do that. Therefore God made me a female. By far the superior gender."

"You really should put that on a mug."

"I'm working on it. I'm working on it." One glance in her direction tells me that she probably really is. And if she does, I'm sure at least one of them will end up under my tree at Christmas time.

I shake my head and roll my eyes again.

Sarah's one crazy girl.

********

By the time Thursday rolls around, I'm more than ready to see Hemi again. I feel like I'm becoming addicted to him, like time spent away from him is nearly painful. Which is ridiculous, of course, since I haven't known him very long.

But still...

I dressed carefully for my first night in the "studio" as Hemi calls it. I wanted to look sexy and mature without looking trashy or like I'm trying too hard. I chose some snug jeans that ride low on my hips and a cap-sleeved shirt that makes my boobs look good and my waist look small. When I move a certain way, it gives a glimpse of my stomach, and showing a guy some skin is always a good idea. At least that's what I've heard. It also gives a peek-a-boo look at my butterflies from some angles, which I love.

I park in a spot at the end of the street, so as not to take up any customer spaces, and I climb out, leaving my purse but grabbing the folder with the forms for Hemi's boss to fill out. Releases for school and stuff, and then Hemi's preceptor form. It'll be official then. He'll be stuck with me for the rest of the semester, a thought that thrills me to the bone.

When I walk in, there are two people in the lobby. By the looks of them, they're waiting for their turn in one of the chairs. I give them a smile and make my way to the doorway that leads to the back room. I'm not sure whether I should just walk on back or not, so I poke my head in and see if I can spot Hemi. And I do. Immediately. My eye is drawn to him like the earth is drawn to the sun. I can just make out his head behind the partition that divides his area. It looks as though he's talking to someone, a female most likely, judging by what little bit of her face I can see.

A young guy appears at my side. I was so caught up in looking for Hemi, I didn't even see him approach. He can't be much older than me. He has a Mohawk and several piercings on his face. Even so, he's cute in a punk rock way, with his engaging smile and sparkling green eyes.

"You looking for Hemi?"

"Yes, I see him over there, but I don't want to interrupt."

"Oh, you won't. She's not a client."

"Are you sure? I don't want to get him into trouble."

"How would you do that?"

"Well, his boss might get mad if-"

The guy laughs. "Hemi doesn't have a boss. He is the boss."

I'm puzzled. "He runs this place?"

"Yep, he sure does. He's the manager."

"Oh," I say flatly. I wonder why he never told me that.

"That'll be our little secret, though. He doesn't tell a lot of people that. I just assumed he'd tell you since you'll be hanging around here quite a bit."

"How do you know about that?"

"He told us to expect you, that he'd be showing you the ropes. Some kind of thing he's doing for your school."

"Right. Yeah, he's...helping me."

"So, what are you waiting for? Go on back," he says with a pleasant smile. "I feel sure he'll be wanting to see you." I'm not quite sure of what to make of his comment, but he distracts me from it when he sticks his hand out and introduces himself. "I'm Paul by the way. I'm one of the part-time artists."

I return his smile and take his hand. "Hi, Paul. It's nice to meet you. I'm Sloane."

"Sloane," he repeats. "It's gonna be very nice to see you around here, Sloane."

Virgin or not, I can still spot appreciation in a man's eyes. And there's appreciation in Paul's. Lots and lots of appreciation.

"You're a flirt, Paul," I tell him bluntly. "But I like you anyway."

"I knew you would. Girls can't help it. Wanna touch my hair?"

He bends his head slightly forward, presenting me with his stiff Mohawk. It's a silly gesture on his part, but it makes me grin. And I do actually want to touch his hair once he practically shoves it in my face.

"What is that?" I ask as I touch the spikes.

Paul lifts his head, dances his fingers over his prickly hair and grins at me. "You don't even want to know." He starts to back away, toward the chair that now has a client in it. "See you around, Sloane."

I smile as I watch him go greet the heavy man. He offers his hand in an upright handshake, taking the customer's palm against his and patting the back side like they're old frat buddies or something.

Paul. What a character.

I turn my attention back to Hemi. I make my way across the room to the little cubby where he works. It's not until I round the corner that I see how "not a client" the woman actually is. A gorgeous blonde, she's leaning into him like she's very familiar with him.

When I stop in my tracks, they both turn their head toward me. Hemi looks irritated. The woman looks...hungry.

"Pardon me, I didn't mean to interrupt," I say to the woman. I glance at Hemi. "Paul said I could come over. But if you'd rather I wait out in the lobby...."

"No, you're fine, sweetie," the woman says. Up close, I can see that her eyes are a cool gray and her face is a study in perfection. "I was just leaving." She turns a stunning smile on Hemi. "Thanks again, babe. I'll repay you. I promise." The woman brushes her lips over Hemi's before she leans away from him. "I'll let you get back to work."

She slides past me in a swirl of expensive perfume. I can only imagine what kind of swagger a woman like that has. I refuse to look, but, then again, I don't really need to. The way Hemi is watching her go tells me all I need to know.

No wonder he has no interest in me. Not really. In a thousand years and with a team of plastic surgeons, there's no way I could compete with a woman who looks like that. No. Frickin'. Way.

I feel a lump lodge in my throat. I shouldn't let this upset me. I mean, I was looking at Hemi as just a means to do some living, to rid myself of my virginity. That's all, right?

Right?

"I can come back later if you're busy," I tell him, proud that there is no quaver in my voice.

"No, that's not necessary. We were...we were done." Hemi looks down at the folder I've got a death grip on. "Are those the papers for me to fill out?"

"Yes, I guess you can sign them all since you're the manager." He doesn't flinch when I say this. He must not care whether I know or not.

Hemi takes the forms out of the folder and puts them on the small counter off to one side of his cubby. As he reads over them, the silence-and the curiosity-is too much to bear.

"So, she's...attractive."

"I guess," comes his absent reply.

He makes no move to explain further. I should let it go. But I can't. I just can't.

"Is she, like, an ex-employee or something?"

"No."

"Is she your sister?"

"No."

"A cousin? A loan shark? A nun?" I'm crossing my fingers he says yes to the last one.

He doesn't give me a grin or even look my way over the nun part. "No, she's an old friend."

"Oh," I say, not relieved at all to hear this. "I thought maybe you had some family in town or something."

"No, no family in town." He seems distracted. And not entirely happy at the moment. I can't help but think it has something to do with his "old friend" popping in. I'm immediately resentful. When Hemi finishes filling out the paperwork, he hands me the forms and throws his pen back on the table. "So, there are a couple of people waiting. Let's go see what they're interested in. Maybe we can get you in at least a couple of sketches and a stencil tonight."

And so goes his detached, clinical attitude for the rest of the night.

Much to my dismay.

It makes me wonder about the wisdom of trapping Hemi in this "professional" arrangement. I thought it meant more time together, but I'm beginning to think that might not be such a good thing.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN - Hemi

The arrival of Sasha back into my life does nothing to improve my mood. I'm already feeling like a dirt bag. Having her around here will only remind me of it on a more frequent basis. Of course, that will probably work out better for Sloane. She-and her damnable virtue-are much safer with me this way. And my ultimate plan is safer this way, too.

Still, I don't have to like it.

The only other good thing about this is that Sasha is the kind of woman I'm used to. History or not, she knows the score. Maybe I can pound out my frustrations on her very willing body.

If I can just get a sweeter one out of my mind long enough to do it.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN - Sloane

Somehow, I had managed to convince myself that things would be better tonight, that Hemi's...pique over his "old friend" would dissipate and that we could resume our dance. My hopes are not only officially dashed as soon as I walk through the door, but they are choked, sliced, stabbed, and burned, too.

The first thing I see is the gorgeous blonde straddling a stool in front of one of the tattoo chairs, inking a design on some guy's thigh.

My heart sinks.

And keeps sinking.

She looks up, embarrassingly enough, to find me standing in the doorway staring at her.

"You must be Sloane. Come on in and pull up a chair. Hemi will be back in a few."

She's friendly and likeable, which, of course, makes me hate her that much more. Still, I do the only thing I can and I grab a stool and wheel it over to the other side of her client.

"You learning how to do this?" the guys asks me.

"Trying to," I say lightly.

"She's gonna have one of the best teachers. I oughtta know. I taught him everything I know," she says, winking at the guy.

Oh shit! This is the woman who took Hemi under her wing?

At first, I feel worse, but then, as I think about their connection, I actually start to buck up a little. This hard core glamour doll wasn't a love interest. Hemi was her protege. That lends a whole new feeling to their relationship, one that doesn't intimidate the frick out of me.

I find I can actually smile at this woman now, and it's almost genuine. "So you taught him how to do this, huh?"

"Yep. Not that it was too hard. Hemi's a natural. We used to sketch on napkins every morning at breakfast. I knew he had skills before he even picked up a gun."

The small, fledgling hope that had poked its head out of the cave of my despair is effectively obliterated by her comment.

Every morning over breakfast.

Only Hemi doesn't do breakfast. Anymore. He said he hadn't in a long time. Now I'm getting a feel for just how long.

"So," I begin, clearing my throat, "how long does it take to get all this down? I mean, how long did it take you to teach Hemi?"

I hope I'm being subtle. Please God, let me be subtle.

"A couple of years. But I don't think it really took that long. I think we just drew it out, if you know what I mean."

She laughs, a husky, suggestive sound that makes me want to die.

"Ohhh," I say. If she's gonna drop the act, there's no reason for me to pu**yfoot around either. "So mixing business with pleasure, about two years, but straight up business, a lot less. Is that about it?" I add a smile, so that I don't seem envious. Or vicious. Both of which I feel.

"That sounds about right."

"Well, I guess it won't take me very long then." It hurts to admit it, but I know when I've been beat. And I refuse to let this woman think I give a rat's ass.

Even though I do.

"I wouldn't count on it, sweetie. Hemi likes to mix business and pleasure. And he's a hard one to resist."

"Is that why you're back?" I ask bluntly. When she jerks her head toward me, I smile again. "I mean, I'm sure he is hard to resist."

"I don't think I introduced myself, did I?" she muses, ignoring my question. "I'm Sasha. I'll be filling in for a little while."

I could hug Hemi when he walks through the front door. I'm not sure I could keep up pretenses for one more second. If that's what I was even doing. Whatever it was, I feel sure she saw right through it.

"Sorry I'm late, Sloane," Hemi says, heading straight for his cubby. "Come on back. I've got an appointment in a few minutes. She wants an original. Thought we'd work on it before she gets here."

"Sounds good," I say, standing and pushing my stool back out of the way. I glance down at Sasha. She's eyeing Hemi. I'm wondering if she's insulted that he didn't acknowledge her. Just the thought of that makes my smile a little brighter. "Nice to meet you, Sasha."

"You, too, sweetie. I'll see you around. I'm not going anywhere."

If I'd been inclined to think for even a fraction of a second that Sasha was no threat, I would've been wrong. But I was also wrong about not being able to compete with a girl like that. Not that Hemi coming in and ignoring her means anything-maybe he saw her before he left. It's her reaction that gives me hope. Why would she feel the least bit threatened by me if there was no reason to be?

Is that crazy logic? I think to myself as I slide my purse under the counter where Hemi told me to put it.

Maybe. But it's logic that makes me feel a little better about being here. And about my chances. So, flawed or not, I'll take it.

Maybe Sasha doesn't have this all wrapped up after all.

********

It's been three weeks since I started sketching at The Ink Stain. Three weeks of being around Hemi. Three weeks of run-ins with Sasha. Three weeks of seeing whatever might have been blossoming between us...stall.

Tonight, I'm gonna try to kick it back into gear, though. Or at least see if there's anything to kick back into gear. Sasha isn't working, Hemi said the schedule is light and, if there aren't a lot of walk-ins, he said he would work on finishing my tattoo. Just the thought of his hands on my body again...

Ohmigod!

It's the first night I've been anxious to get to the studio since that very first one, the one that began a downward spiral of disappointing nights. But not tonight. Tonight it'll just be me and Hemi. I'll get to see where we stand and how he acts when Sasha isn't around.

He doesn't flirt with her even when I'm there. It's more like he's just grouchy yet polite. She takes it in stride. I'm sure she knows why he's grouchy. After all, it didn't start until she showed up. I don't know what's going on between those two, but it seems more like history and baggage than anything current.

Of course, that could be wishful thinking on my part, too.

Frick!

When I arrive, Hemi is waiting for me at the counter. "How would you feel about sketching out here for a little while? Maybe fielding anyone that comes in? I've got a client in back that I need to do some color touch-ups for."

I try not to feel too deflated and I give him a smile. "That's fine. Anything particular you want me to sketch?"

"Yes. The one that you drew on my side. I want you to sketch it out so we can make a stencil. I'll be your first subject."

My mouth falls open. "You're joking, right?"

He smiles. For the first time in forever, it seems. "No, I'm not joking."

"Tonight?"

"No. Tonight maybe I can finish yours." Yes! "Maybe the next time you work you can start it."

"Okay. If you're fine with it then..."

I grab some paper from beneath the counter and scoot up onto the stationary stool that sits back there. Hemi starts to walk off, but then stops just this side of the doorway.

"Sloane," he begins. When he doesn't continue, I look up. He holds my eyes for several long seconds before he speaks. "Take it as a compliment. It means I trust you."

"Thank you." I don't know what else to say.

Hemi winks at me and then disappears into the next room. One more time, like a stubborn phoenix that refuses to stay burned to ash, hope rises.

********

It's finally time. Everyone is gone from the shop, clients and artists alike, and it's just me and Hemi. Alone.

And he's going to finish my tattoo.

I'm nervous. I don't know why this feels like so much more than a tattoo. I guess, in my head, I'm giving him one last chance to show me he still wants me before I kill off any and all hope I had for us. And I'm praying he comes through.

"So, where do you want me?" I ask.

"Oh, right. Your butterflies. Ummm," he murmurs, wrinkling his brow in thought. "How high do you want them to go?"

"Well, my last one is right here," I say, pointing through my clothes to the area right at the lower edge of my bra strap. "I think maybe three or four more up to here." I indicate the place just south of my arm pit. I know what I'm asking. The question is: Will Hemi?

"Okay, to go that high I'll need you out of your clothes on that side. I can't move straps and material aside to work up in there. It'll crowd my hand."

His tone is matter of fact. My stomach is not.

"And we want those hands free to work," I tease. Hemi says nothing, but he raises that one pierced brow. A shiver runs through me. I clear my throat. "That's fine. I can just take off my top and use a drape, if that's all right with you."

There's a long pause before he says anything. "That's fine. However you're most comfortable."

I nod and smile before I turn around and head for the dressing room. I take off my shirt and bra, and slip the loose-fitting drape over my head. It's split up both sides so that it's basically just a big flap that falls over my chest and back. I check my reflection, hoping that Hemi doesn't make note of my flushed cheeks and dilated pupils. I take a deep, calming breath before I open the door and make my way back to Hemi.

"Okay, ready when you are," I announce to Hemi, who is standing at the table with his back to me. He glances over his shoulder, his eyes drifting over my upper body. I see the muscle in his jaw flex before he turns back around.

"Hop up there. On your side please." I do as he asks, my gut jittery with nerves. I stretch out, baring my right side, tucking the drape around my breast modestly. When Hemi turns back around to face me, he stops and just watches me for a few seconds before he comes forward to take his seat in front of me. I see his eyebrows come together in a small frown and I wonder what put it there-me, the situation? Is he resisting? Is he just not into it? Not into me anymore?

I close my eyes and stretch my arm up over my head, pushing all those doubts aside as Hemi preps my skin. One way or the other, I'm about to find out.

"So," he begins, making my heart thunder inside my chest. Here we go... "tell me more about your brothers. You said the one at the bar was...was it Steven? He's the oldest, you said? He must be pretty protective."

My hopes and my heart plummet. This isn't at all what I'd hoped for. "Uh, yeah. He's very protective. They all are."

"Seems like he's the only one without an unusual name. Doesn't he have a nickname or something?"

"No. He's too straitlaced for that kind of thing. I don't think his partner even has a nickname for him."

"What's his partner's name?"

"Duncan."

"That's pretty normal, too. Very interesting."

Hemi falls quiet as he gets ready to start working. I don't quite know how to react to this-the lack of response, the devastating disappointment, the humiliation. And yes, there's plenty of humiliation. I feel like I've been tricked, like he flirted with me just enough to get me hooked and then he just...left. Emotionally. And now I'm left...wanting.

I say nothing. I can't seem to drum up the enthusiasm for small talk. I just want this to be over so I can go home and bury my face.

"You must know a lot of their cop friends, I bet," Hemi says when he finally starts to talk again.

"Yeah," I answer vaguely. I feel like screaming!

"Did I hear one of 'em call the other 'Tumblin' one night?"

"I don't know. The only Tumblin I know of is the street where my brother used to live. I don't think I've ever heard a cop being called that."

"Oh, shit! A street," Hemi exclaims oddly. "Well, I guess that makes more sense."

I don't respond. I have no idea what the hell he's mumbling about, and at this point, I don't really care. I'm torn between being upset over rejection and being really pissed off over being misled. It's not making me very keen on chit chat.

Hemi hits a particularly sensitive spot and I yelp. "Ouch! Holy shit, that hurts!"

Hemi stops inking immediately. "I'm sorry," he says sincerely. "Are you all right?" He's standing over me now, leaning down to look at my face where it's half-covered by my raised arm.

"I'm fine. I just...I think you just hit a tender spot. Maybe this should be the last one. My skin might be too sensitive to go up any farther."

Oh, how true those words really are!

Hemi rubs his palm along my arm. "Hey, are you sure you're all right?"

His dark lagoon-blue eyes are searching mine. For the first time all night, he seems to really see me. And it only makes things that much worse.

"I'm fine."

"Can I finish shading this one last butterfly? I'll be as gentle as I can. I think you'll like it much better if you'll let me finish."

After everything, he still makes me feel like putty. "Okay. Just this one."

He bends his head and kisses my forearm. "I'll be easy. It won't hurt. I promise."

"Don't make promises you can't keep."

Hemi smiles down at me. "I don't."

Yes, you do. Everyone does. Except me.

He sits back down on his chair and resumes shading. I'm braced for it to sting, but it never does. Maybe Hemi really doesn't make promises he can't keep.

Or maybe he just doesn't make many promises at all.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN - Hemi

Impatiently, I listen to the muted ring at the other end of the line. "Dammit, Reese, pick up!"

When I hear the click of the voice mail picking up, I hang up and hit redial. I'm gonna bug the shit out of him until he answers.

"Hello?" a sultry feminine voice greets after the second ring.

"Uh, is Reese there?" I ask, wondering if I've been dialing the wrong number all along, but knowing I haven't because I selected it from my list of contacts. No, this has to be Reese's number.

"He's in the shower. Can I take a message?"

"Just tell him-"

I stop, mid-sentence, when I hear my brother's angry voice in the background. "What the hell are you doing?"

I hear the woman explain. "I got tired of listening to it ring."

"Get your clothes and get out," Reese demands coldly.

Ouch!

My brother has an unquenchable thirst for women, just like I do (just like all the Spencer men do, in fact), but he has no tolerance for any of them getting close to him, or dabbling in his business or his life. If I keep them at arm's length, he keeps them at football-field length. He's a cold bastard, but he's my brother and I know what made him that way.

After a minute or two of listening to her apologize and beg, and then hearing her muffled crying (Reese put his hand over the mouthpiece), I finally hear his voice and only his voice. No more woman.

"What is it?"

"It's me," I say briefly. "It's him. I found him. I know it's him."

"You did? How do you know?"

"I made the connection. His younger sister, Sloane, the girl I was telling you about, told me he used to live on Tumblin Street. That's the missing piece. It's him, Reese. We finally found him."

"I'll be damned," he whispers. "I'll put the word out. Start looking into him. It won't be long now."

"Let me know," I say, feeling a sigh of relief build in my chest.

"I will," Reese promises. "Good work, Hemi."

"I told you I'd find him."

"Yeah, you did. Thanks, man."

"I didn't do it for you."

"I know. He'd thank you if he was here."

"I know," I admit, closing my eyes. "I know."

CHAPTER NINETEEN - Sloane

"So you're not going back?" Sarah asks.

I sigh as I look out the window, watching the landscape fly by in a blur of color. "I don't really want to."

"Then don't. Eff him!"

"I probably should, though. I mean, it is part of my schedule now. Since I had him fill out those damn papers." I could still kick myself for that. "Plus, I don't want him to think he can run me off that easy."

"You think he was trying to run you off?"

"No, I don't think he was trying to. I just think he lost interest when his whore came back."

"Whore? Ouch! Watch the claws, baby."

I grin over at Sarah. "What the hell are you talking about? That was mild."

"I'm loving this new you! I've never seen you jealous before."

"Probably because no one like Hemi has ever dared to get close to me before. The Locke men don't make it easy on a guy trying to date me, ya know?"

"And the one guy who isn't afraid of them..."

I sigh again. "I know. It sucks balls."

Sarah giggles. "Yes, it sucks balls. But so do I, so maybe that's not such a bad thing."

I give Sarah a withering look. "I don't need to know things like that, Sarah. Ever. Do you hear me?"

She gives me an exaggerated wink. "You should be taking notes, not criticizing my sharing decisions."

"There's no need. I'm not going to be in any position to use them any time soon. Not now."

"Girl, you just need to put yourself out there more. Why don't you volunteer for that art thing you were telling me about?"

I frown over at her, confused. "What 'art thing'?"

"The nude thing. Didn't you tell me your class was doing that as part of some kind of study on anatomy or whatever?"

"Yes, I did, but I'm not volunteering for that! Are you nuts?"

"No, I'm not nuts! I'm serious. This is just what you need to do. You talk about spreading your wings, well spread 'em! This is something you would never have done before. But the new you..."

"The new me isn't a synonym for the 'stupid me'."

"That's not stupid. It's brave. And it's something outside your comfort zone, which is even more reason to do it. Maybe seeing others appreciate your body will give you a different perspective."

"I don't need a different perspective."

"Yes, you do. That whore has shot your confidence all to shit. You were doing just fine until she came along. Now, all you need is a boost to get you back on top."

"I can find other ways to get an ego boost. Ways that do not involve me stripping in front of an audience."

"Well, it's unfortunate that you feel that way, Sloane."

"And why is that?" When Sarah doesn't answer, I glance over at her. She's visibly cringing. "Sarah? Why is that?"

"Because I had Triva sign you up for it."

My jaw has become unhinged and now lies, unfettered, on the floorboard of Sarah's truck. "You. Did. What?"

"Yep. I did. Sorry. I thought you'd be more agreeable to it."

"If you thought that, you wouldn't have gone behind my back to have Triva do it."

"If it helps, you get five points toward your midterm for doing it. I didn't even know that at the time, but that's good, right?"

"Sarah...I...why in the world..."

I'm speechless. Just speechless.

"I'm doing you a favor, Sloane. Trust me."

"I will never trust you again. Never."

"Don't say that. I love you! I only did this to help you."

"Then please, for the love of God, don't try to help me anymore."

"Okay. This was it. No more help from me. I promise."

"Don't make promises you can't keep," I mutter.

She says nothing and neither do I. Her promise will last all of about a week. Max. We both know she can't help herself.

********

I can't decide if victory is bittersweet, or if it's defeat.

I talked to my instructor about the nude modeling. She wasn't very sympathetic. I didn't want to admit someone else had volunteered me, so all my excuses sounded lame. And she didn't go for even one of them. So, it looks like I'm stuck taking off my clothes and sitting perfectly still in front of a hundred staring eyes on Friday night.

The victory slash defeat thing comes from the fact that it gets me out of going to The Ink Stain for at least one night. I was looking for an out. In a way. And now I have one. Even though it's a humiliating one. But still...it's an out.

I wait until it's time for me to leave Thursday night before I even mention it to anyone at "work". My purse is slung over my shoulder and I'm already at the doorway leading out into the lobby when I turn back and speak to Hemi. He's on the other side of the room, cleaning up.

"Oh, I won't be here tomorrow night, by the way. I've got a thing for school."

Hemi's forehead wrinkles into a frown. "A school thing? On a Friday night?"

"Yeah, it's voluntary. Extra credit."

It's when Paul speaks up that things take a turn for the worse. "You're not talking about the nude sketching for drawing anatomy, are you?"

"Uh, yeah. That's the one."

"I signed up for that," he explains happily. "I take night classes and they gave ten seats to us. I signed up." He looks back at Hemi and grins. "I mean, of course I signed up. We'll be sketching a nude chick. Who wouldn't want to spend their Friday evening like that?"

I laugh nervously, feeling the blood rush to my cheeks.

"You wanna ride over together?" he offers.

"Um, no, I, uh, I have to be there early."

"Early? For what?"

I say nothing, my face flaming at where this conversation is going. Not only am I going to have to strip down in front of a co-worker, but now Hemi's going to know about it.

Kill me now!

"Oh shit," Paul whispers. "Are you...you're not...are you modeling?"

Hemi steps out into the room, catching my eye. When I look at him, he's watching me, waiting for an answer. It's the look on his face that brings out the brazen side of me, the side that I've only gotten a few glimpses of.

"As a matter of fact I am. Is there a problem with that?" I direct my question to Paul.

"Are you kidding me? Hell no, there's no problem with that."

I flush at his comment and the appreciative light in his eyes. It couldn't come at a better time. Maybe Sarah was right. Maybe I do need an ego boost.

"You can't be serious," Hemi says when he finally speaks up. Both his tone and his doubt irritate me.

"Of course I'm serious. Why would I not be?"

"You're just gonna...strip down? In front of perfect strangers? And sit still while they draw you?"

"Yep. Pretty much," I reply pluckily. "Maybe I can drum up some business for your work. I mean, I do have some new body art to display."

Hemi looks furious and I have no idea why. But at the moment, I don't care. This feels good. Really good.

"I'll be sure to pay very close attention," Paul says, his grin teasing.

"I'm sure you will," Hemi bites. "It would be a shame if I needed you to fill in here tomorrow night, wouldn't it?"

Paul's smile fades. "What...are you serious?"

"No, he's not serious," I interrupt before Hemi can speak. "He's got extra hands around here now. Sasha's a pro. She can fill in, I'm sure." I turn to look at Hemi, challenge in my eyes. "Right, Hemi?"

He says nothing. I hold his gaze, feeling bolder than ever. I will not play the lesser role to Sasha. For the first time since she showed up, I don't feel lesser.

I can see Paul's head moving back and forth between me and Hemi. I wonder if he senses the tension.

"I'll be back in Saturday night," I tell Hemi, dismissing him quickly as I turn to Paul. "And I'll see you tomorrow night."

With that, I turn and walk away, calling over my shoulder as I walk out the door, "'Night, guys."

I smile all the way to the car.

********

My bravado lasts right up until Friday night when I'm dressed in nothing but a robe, sitting on a stool in a small room, being made-up by a student of the local cosmetology school. She has fixed my hair and makeup under the strict guidance of my teacher. As Ms. Shuler told the girl what she wanted me to look like, I could easily picture her vision. And the end result is very close to what I'd imagined. My instructor seemed happy as well.

My hair is a mass of shiny black curls, piled high on top of my head, anchored with tiny white flowers sprinkled throughout. Several strands were left to dangle artfully over my shoulder. My makeup is smoky around my eyes, but my skin was left pale to bring out the punch of my ruby red lips. The idea behind the scene is that I hold both an innocence-the dainty curls and child-like white flowers-as well as a sexiness-the red lips and smoky eyes-a dichotomy that the artists are to bring out in their sketches in their own way. I'll be completely nude, leaning back on one elbow, one knee bent, holding a bright green apple against my throat, my head tilted back.

In a way, I'm excited about it. I'm anxious to see how the drawings turn out. I've always been fascinated by how differently people can interpret the same image, and how they bring it to life in their art. It makes me wish that I could be in the pool of burgeoning artists, drawing, rather than on the table, modeling. But this is my place tonight. Maybe the next one that's presented to the class, I'll have the good sense to sign up for rather than having my head so far up some guy's ass that I wouldn't even dream of foregoing a night in his shop to do something school-related.

I sigh. Those days are over. My head is no longer up Hemi's ass. Things have changed. I see that now. But at least I managed to retrieve a little bit of my dignity, thanks to Sarah. I can never tell her that, of course. Otherwise, I'd never hear the end of it. No matter what harebrained scheme she comes up with, she'd always expect me to go along with it because of the one time she was right.

I smile and shake my head as I think of my friend. She'd be proud of me if she could see me now. Although I'm glad she can't. It's bad enough that I'll have to look Paul in the eye at the studio after this.

"It's time," my professor, Anita Shuler, says when she pokes her head through the door.

I take a deep breath, gather every speck of bravery that I can find and I walk, head held high, out the door behind her. This will all be over in two hours. Just two hours. I can do anything for two hours.

Right?

Right.

Ms. Shuler stops just outside the doorway to the room filled with perfect strangers who will see me in the buff in a few minutes. "Wait here."

The glass window in the center of the wooden door has been covered, blacked out. I guess so that people can't casually walk by and see me naked. Thank God for that!

I hear her as she addresses the students inside. She's reminding them what the purpose of tonight's exercise is and how she expects everyone to behave. I'm glad she's reiterating it and, therefore, sparing me from having to endure any degrading, juvenile reactions.

When she finishes, I wait, uncertain whether I'm supposed to make my entrance now, or...

But then the door opens again and Ms. Shuler appears. She holds it closed behind her just long enough to encourage me.

"Go in there with your head held high. Don't look around. Pretend you're the only one in the room. If you have to, replay your favorite song over and over and over in your head until this is over."

"Thank you, Ms. Shuler. Is it that obvious that I'm nervous?"

"No, but I did this once in college, too. I remember what it felt like. Trust me," she says with a kind smile, "when it's over, you'll be glad you did it."

"And until then?"

She winks at me. "Just keep thinking of that song."

Nervously, I return her smile. I let it fall from my face as she opens the door. I follow her through, keeping my eyes locked on the space between her shoulder blades. She leads me right to the table and stands in front of me while I untie the robe and let it fall down my arms to pool in the floor.

As gracefully as I can, I slide onto the table, aware of the chills that pop up on my arms when my skin meets the cold surface. I try not to think of how hard my ni**les must be. The last thing I need is to carry a blush the entire time.

I shift until I'm comfortable on my backside then I grab the apple and ease down into position. I let my head fall back and release the breath I was holding.

I feel Mrs. Shuler's cool hands as she adjusts my limbs. She maneuvers my bent leg, pulling it a little farther forward, then she moves the apple lower on my throat, almost onto my chest. Lastly, she raises my head a little, which I can already tell will be much more comfortable for the duration. Now, if I do happen to open my eyes, which I'm instructed not to do very often, all I see is the door across from me. The one with the black felt over the window. If I can just focus on that...

I sense her backing away and then I hear her voice somewhere over my left shoulder. "Begin."

It's with that word, with that one small word, that I feel true relief. The hard part is over. I did it. I took off my clothes and climbed onto a table to pose naked for a room full of artists. Now I just have to wait.

Just wait.

The minutes drag on like they're hours and I start to think about how I must look sitting up here. With thoughts like that, my nerves return. Then I remember what Ms. Shuler said.

The song.

Although there are at least a dozen songs that I can think of right off the top of my head that I not only love, but are relevant in today's culture, only one comes to mind. Still Remains, the song I heard at the studio. The one that will likely forever remind me of Hemi. Sexy, beautiful, elusive Hemi.

I don't know how much time has passed. I don't know how many times I've played the song over in my head. I don't know how long I've been thinking about Hemi, letting my thoughts drift in oceans of dreams and fantasies, all revolving around what I had hoped we'd share, what I had hoped we could be, but it seems like forever.

I have to admit to myself that I had hoped for more than just sex. I had hoped I could experience love at least once in my life. But with every passing day, I wonder if that's possible. Time passes so fast, so unexpectedly. My mother thought she had forever. But she didn't.

My eyelids flutter open and I realize my head has fallen back on my shoulders too far, farther than where Ms. Shuler had positioned me. I raise it, my eyes searching for the covered glass square that served as my landmark. But rather than seeing the blank wooden panel with black felt over the window, I see Hemi. Standing at the door across from me. Watching me.

My pulse flutters and my stomach flips over with some mixture of embarrassment, curiosity and excitement. I feel my breathing pick up, but I slow it on purpose, determined not to react in any perceptible manner. I don't look away and I don't close my eyes. I keep my head steady and my gaze trained on his.

His eyes are intense. They aren't happy or angry, just intense. I can tell by the color that he's not in a light, teasing mood. They...shine almost when he's feeling playful. They're a brighter blue. But not tonight. Tonight, they're the color of deep, deep water, water that's still on the surface and churning underneath.

Purposely, as though he's daring me to try and stop him, he lets his eyes fall over my nude form. I feel warm as they rake their way down my throat, over the apple, to my br**sts. They linger there. I don't think I'd have to see them stop to know that's where he's looking. If he were breathing, exhaling on my ni**les, I don't think it would feel any more real than what I feel right now. His gaze is a touch. Not a physical touch, but a touch just the same.

Finally, when my ni**les are heavy with an ache that can't be soothed, Hemi moves on. His eyes slide down my ribs, caress my stomach and tease my thighs. He narrows them on the place shielded by the way my leg is bent, but I feel his touch there, too, nonetheless.

Warmth floods me. I begin to flush and become short of breath despite my determination not to. I close my eyes, close them against what he's doing to me. What he's doing to me from all the way across the room. In front of a crowd of onlookers. I try to regain the calm I felt earlier, but it eludes me. I return to the song that was stuck in my head, but now it only worsens the effects of Hemi's perusal.

Against my better judgment, because I can't seem to help myself, I open my eyes again. This time, he's gone. The doorway is empty.

I wonder for a few seconds if I simply imagined him there, but movement to my left catches my eye. For one instant, I turn my head. Hemi is skirting the room as, I assume, he heads over to speak to my instructor. Surely that's how he got in tonight. This isn't exactly a public event.

Quickly, before anyone can notice and before Hemi can catch me watching him, I return to my position. But whatever happens from here on, my peace is gone. My calm is over.

Hemi's seen me naked.

And I loved every second of it.

CHAPTER TWENTY - Hemi

Damn it! Dammit, dammit, dammit!

I'm just as furious now, three hours later, as I was when I walked into that room and saw Sloane, lying naked, stretched out on a table. I should never have gone. I should've stayed the hell away from her. I got the information I needed. There was no reason to keep up this ruse, much less put things back on a personal level. But that's exactly what I did.

All I could think about Thursday night after she left was what she'd be doing tonight. And all day today, all I could think about was her taking off her clothes and striking some pose for a bunch of salivating college ass**les to sketch. But I didn't have to go see for myself. Why the hell did I do that?

And now...now I can't get the image of her out of my mind. If I'd thought the lure of her sweet, sexy innocence was tempting before...

I slam shut the drawer in my table and glance up at the clock again. She should've been here by now.

"What the hell's your problem?" Sasha asks from where she's sitting on the other side of the room, inking some guy's meaty arm.

"Mind your own business," I snap back, not caring the least bit that she looks wounded. I'm not answering anybody's questions. There's no way I'm admitting that I'm waiting for Sloane, that I told her professor to have her stop by the shop tonight because I needed to discuss this preceptorship with her. No, I'd never admit to that. Or to the crazed way I feel right now because she hasn't shown up.

No, I'd never admit that to anyone. Not even to myself.

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE - Sloane

At first, I refused to do as Hemi had requested. I told myself that I was not coming to the shop tonight. Period. I'm not required to be at his beck and call. Besides that, I was humiliated just thinking of facing him again after what happened. But then I realized it would look much worse if I didn't come. So here I am, waiting for everyone else to clear out of the shop so that there are no witnesses to whatever embarrassing conversation I'm about to have.

Sasha is the last one out. Of course. I see the front door open and she emerges. Alone. Hemi is nowhere in sight. That gives me comfort and satisfaction for some reason. He didn't walk her to the door. That must mean he wasn't hanging on her every word and look. At least that's what I tell myself it means.

I watch her get into her bright red little convertible and pull away from the curb. I resist the urge to throw up in my mouth. Ack! I don't even like that woman's car!

I watch until her tail lights disappear over the crest of the hill and only then do I get out of my own car. I stand and straighten my skirt, taking a deep breath as I cross the street. It's as I'm nearing the curb that I see Hemi come to the door. I guess he's locking up for the night.

I stop when he looks up, my eyes meeting his through the smoked glass door. His hand pauses in midair, hovering over the lock. He doesn't move for a few seconds. It makes me wonder if he's debating whether to talk to me or just ignore me. When he moves his hand away from the lock, I know what he's decided. Leaning forward, he pushes open the door and waits for me to enter. So I do. Neither of us says a word as he closes and locks it behind me.

Not knowing what kind of confrontation lies ahead, I stand, chin up and chest out, and wait for him to say whatever it is he needs to say. But he doesn't speak. Instead, he walks around the counter and through the doorway that leads into the back room.

I wait a few seconds before I follow, finding him standing at the chair he uses to tattoo. It's extended and flattened into a table, no doubt for him to clean it.

Hemi is leaning forward, his fingers curled into tight fists and planted on the padded, vinyl surface. Although his head is down, I don't need to see his face to know that he's mad about something. I can see it in every rigid line of his body.

I approach slowly, the heels of my sandals making a delicate tap on the tile floor. The air is cool on my bare arms and legs, and I shiver as I stop a few feet away. "What did you want to talk to me about, Hemi?"

He doesn't move or speak. I can see the veins standing out along his forearms, and his triceps are bunched. I'd had reservations about coming at all. Now, I'm thinking I should've listened to my gut.

"If you're not going to speak to me then I'll just go."

I start to move backward when he looks up at me, pinning me with his angry stare. "Don't you dare," he growls. He pushes himself upright and takes two long strides that bring him to me. Right to me, his chest within an inch of mine. "You're gonna tell me what the hell you were thinking with that stunt?"

"What stunt?" I ask, taken aback.

"Taking your clothes off and lying naked, on a table, in front of a bunch of slobbering idiots."

"That wasn't a stunt. I did that for school. I got-"

"The hell you did! You did that to get back at me." His teeth are clenched so tight I can almost hear them grinding.

"Get back at you? For what? That's ridiculous."

"You wanted to show me what I can't have, what I'm missing out on? Well, you showed me all right."

"Hemi, that makes no sense. What are you talking about?"

"I've done everything within my power to stay away from you. To keep it professional. To keep my hands off you. And then you go and do this."

I see red. "You are an egotistical ass**le! This had nothing to do with you. It had everything to do with me. I didn't get naked and show my body to everyone in that room to show you anything. I did it to prove to myself that I could. That I would."

"And did you like it? Knowing that all those eyes were on you? That everyone in that room, male and female, would slit a man's throat for one little taste of you?"

"That's insane! No one in that room was looking at me that way."

"Oh, that's where you're wrong," he spits furiously. "You have no idea what you looked like up there. With your hair put up and a few curls dangling down on your shoulder." Reaching out, Hemi fingers the strands that still rest there. "Your lips so red and kissable." His eyes rise to my mouth. I have the sudden urge to moisten my lips. "And your br**sts, so round and firm. Oh, God!" he groans, "I've never wanted to touch somebody so bad in all my life. Not one person. Ever. My tongue tingled just thinking about sucking one of those pink little ni**les into my mouth. And when you looked up at me, I could see it in your eyes. You were wishing the same thing. You were wishing I was touching you." His voice is low and thick, hypnotic. It oozes over my skin like molasses. "Tell me you were wishing I was touching you."

He's weaving a web of desire around me, his words like strands of the strongest silk, holding me captive. I'm trapped by them, ensnared by him until he either lets me go or makes me his.

Before I can think better of it, I give him honesty. "I was. I could barely breathe when you were looking at me," I admit breathlessly.

"I know I'll hate myself for this tomorrow, but I have to have a taste of you, Sloane. I can't deny myself for one more minute. Let me show you what I was thinking when I saw you lying up there. Let me show you what it feels like when a man stops fighting." His words drift away as his face draws closer to mine. I feel his breath, warm and moist, on my lips. "Let me show you what it feels like when your wish comes true."

And then his lips touch mine. From the first touch, I get the feeling he wants to devour me. They're firm and insistent. His tongue is demanding when it licks across my mouth, determined to slip inside. I welcome it. I welcome him.

It tangles wetly with mine, and I wonder at the flavor of him. It's even better than I thought it would be.

He pulls my bottom lip into his mouth and sucks gently on it as his fingers find the straps of my sundress and slide underneath. He trails his hands down my arms, dragging the straps with them, peeling the dress from my body. I feel the cool air hit my stomach when the material falls to the ground.

His lips still on mine, Hemi skims his hands down my back. When he reaches my hips, I feel him moan into my mouth. He pulls his head back.

"What's wrong?" I pant, looking up into his handsome face.

"You're not wearing anything else."

I shrug. "What was the point?"

As though my simple clothing somehow further fuels his passion, Hemi growls when he crushes my lips beneath his, lifting me off my feet and turning to set me on the end of the tattoo table.

Never taking his mouth from mine, I hear the whir of the small motor as Hemi raises the surface. When it stops, he is able to slip his hips easily between my legs. The perfect height, the perfect position.

He speaks against my lips, his hands roaming over the skin of my arms and waist. "Every second that I spent inking this beautiful skin, I wanted to put my lips on it."

Hemi kisses a path across my jaw and down my neck, pressing me backward as he reaches my shoulder. I brace myself on my palms, flattened on the table behind me.

"With every butterfly I created, I'd get closer and closer to these," he says, gently cupping my br**sts, "and I'd think to myself that I couldn't do it one more time. Not one more, or I'd explode." Hemi brushes his palms over my ni**les. They tingle painfully, my br**sts heavy with need. "I don't know how many times I've dreamed of putting them in my mouth," he says, his lips snaking their way toward the peaks. "Of feeling you shiver when I do."

Hemi's hot mouth closes over my nipple and I gasp, the sensation overwhelming it feels so good. As if he made it so, to happen exactly as he'd imagined, a shiver of pure pleasure ripples through me. All I feel is heat-heat from his mouth, heat from his hands, heat from his body where he's standing between my legs. Even the cool vinyl beneath me feels warm.

"Mmmm," he growls, the sound vibrating into my nipple, "just like that."

As he licks and sucks at one, Hemi toys with the other, his fingers rolling and pinching it, squeezing and tweaking it.

"But nothing prepared me for tonight," he whispers as he brings his hands around to grip mine, loosening them from the vinyl and easing me farther back, onto my elbows. "I didn't think I could want you anymore until I saw you lying there tonight. I knew then that no matter how hard I fought, I wouldn't be able to rest until I could feel you coming on my fingers. Until I could take them from inside you and lick the juice from them."

His hands skim down my sides and slide under my butt, pulling my hips closer to the edge of the bed. Hemi wedges himself into the V. His body and his clothes graze me there, making me ache for more pressure, for something to fill the emptiness, for Hemi to quiet the throb.

Then his lips are on mine again, his hands finding their way to the place I crave them most. I feel one fingertip brush the outside before Hemi drags it along the crease of me. I gasp again, unaccustomed to the myriad sensations he's inciting.

"You like that?" he whispers against my lips. "You want more?"

I can't speak. All I can do is give him one short, breathless moan.

"That's right, baby. I wanna hear it."

His tongue licks at my lips as he massages my throbbing flesh with his finger.

"Holy shit, you're so wet," he groans. "I wanna be inside you so bad."

He slides his tongue into my mouth just as his finger enters me. Slowly, carefully, he licks along my tongue, tasting me deeply as his finger explores my body. I feel the pressure of it as Hemi bends his finger and drags it out, slowly. A tightness squeezes my stomach and tension builds between my legs. I want to beg, to plead, but the words won't come. Only sounds.

"I'm gonna make you come for me, Sloane. And I wanna hear you when I do."

He introduces another finger, moving them both into me as he uses the thumb of his other hand to touch the sensitive muscle at the top of my folds. I feel like I'm on the verge of flying apart when he takes my clitoris between his fingertips and tugs.

"That's right, baby," he says when my hips start to move against his hands. "Look down, Sloane. Watch what I'm doing to you."

Hemi leans his chest away from mine enough that I can see, that I can do as he asks. Two fingers of one hand are disappearing inside me, his knuckles pressing into my spread folds. His other hand is cupping my hip, his thumb working in tight little circles over my clitoris.

"The next time you watch, you'll be seeing my c**k pounding into you and coming out slick and wet. And you'll see me pull out and come. Right here," he says, flicking the nub of swollen flesh as he drives another finger into me.

His voice gets softer and softer, sounds farther and farther away as my world sharpens to a pinpoint focus. Everything is dim compared to what Hemi is doing to me with his hands.

And then my breathing stops, my breath caught in a tight pocket inside my chest. I squeeze my eyes shut as a loud moan is torn from me. Light explodes behind my lids. Fire rains through me. Liquid, hot and glowing, pours into my core and out onto his hands.

"That's it, Sloane. Oh, God, that's it. Come for me."

His fingers are magic, his words a heady elixir. After a few seconds of nothing but intense sensation, a numbness sneaks into my limbs, making them heavy. My arms won't support me anymore and I fall back onto the padded surface of the table. My breath is back, expelled from my body in a series of shallow pants.

When I can finally open my eyes, I glance down and see Hemi watching me, a ravenous look on his face. Slowly, as I watch, he raises his hand to his mouth and slides his tongue along one long finger. "Holy fuc-" The expression is cut off when he grits his teeth and closes his eyes. He leans forward, bracing his hands on either side of my hips and letting his head hang down again. I hear him growl and feel him pound his palms into the padding of the table. When he speaks, I have to strain to hear him. "I'm stopping tonight, Sloane. I want this choice to be yours."

"Choice?" I say, confused.

Hemi looks up at me. He looks almost like he's in pain. "Yes, this is a decision you need to make when there's no pressure, no one to sway you. When I'm not rock hard with the need to get inside you."

The heaviness between my thighs recedes and I come back to life with a tingle at his words.

"You're not pressuring me."

"I've known a lot of different kinds of women. But none like you. Not one. I'm trying to do the right thing here."

I doubt he means for them to, but his words make me feel like...less. I turn my head to the side, away from his gaze. "It's not like something I did on purpose," I explain, trying not to sound defensive about my virginity.

"It's not a bad thing. That's not what I'm saying. It's not a bad thing at all. I'm not exactly sure how you've managed it, but I'm actually kinda glad you're a virgin."

"Well, I didn't really have much opportunity. With a father and brothers like mine, guys didn't exactly feel comfortable pressing their luck. I guess they were all just a little too afraid of the Locke men."

"Their loss is my gain then," he says, pulling me into a sitting position, speaking softly in my ear as he rubs his cheek against mine. "Just know this, Sloane, I can't walk away from you again. You need to be sure this is what you want. And that I'm the person you want it with."

I lean back, meeting Hemi's eyes, falling into the stormy blue depths. "I want this," I admit simply.

"I may not be able to give you breakfasts and promises, but I can give you pleasure like you've never even dreamed of. That will have to be enough."

"I don't want promises. Most of the time, promises are just pretty lies. They're words designed to make others feel better. But in the end, they're still just lies. Disappointing lies," I tell him in a moment of bald honesty. "So don't worry about making me promises. I'd rather have your truth."

For a moment, before he hides it from my view, I see a flash of regret. I'm not sure what it means, and I'm going to do my best not to focus on it. On anything that could take away from this special time. Whatever secrets Hemi has are his to keep and his to share. Just like mine are. We all have our reasons for hiding things. I, of all people, can't deny someone else theirs.

"Then that's what I'll give you. The truth. Starting right now," he says, taking my face in his hands. "I want you, Sloane. I want to do things to you, do things with you. I want to show you what it feels like to have someone worship your body. I want you to experience the pleasure a man should bring you, so you never settle for less. Just know that, while we're together, you're mine. All mine. No one else's. Do you understand?" I nod. "Don't get me wrong. I loved seeing this beautiful body in that pose, like the picture of innocence and sin, all wrapped up in smooth, creamy skin. But," Hemi says, a frown wrinkling his brow, "I didn't like other people getting to see you that way."

"It's not like I was doing anything with any of them. Or even that I knew any of them. Well, except Paul." My cheeks sting just thinking about facing him again.

"I know. But I still didn't like it."

I won't smile because that would be rude and inconsiderate. But I want to. On the inside, I'm smiling.

"You won't be doing that again, will you?" he asks.

"God, no!"

I feel his breath fan my cheek when he exhales. "Good. I'd hate to have to come and throw a blanket over you, and drag you out of there."

This time, I do smile. "And what makes you think that would be okay?"

"Because somebody just told me that while she's mine, she's only mine. And that includes looking. I'd hate to have to beat the shit out of a bunch of college pricks because they were at the wrong place at the wrong time."

"You'd do that?" I can't deny the pleasure his words bring.

"Hell yeah I'd do that!"

"Well then, far be it for me to endanger the lives of others. I guess I'd better keep my clothes on."

"Except when you're with me. Instead of an 'open door' policy, I have a 'clothing optional' policy."

"Does that go for all your employees?"

"No, just the hot students that look like angels and taste like candy."

I nod, the thought crossing my mind that I could stare into his eyes forever and never get bored. I could listen to his voice right on and on, and never miss other sounds. For a while-however long that might be-I'm going to throw myself into Hemi. And, as long as I have after it's over, I'll never look back with regret.

I think of the drawing he had me pen onto his side, in the hotel room-forever ago, it seems-and I wonder who used to say that. I can't help but think of Sasha. "What about you? Will you be all mine, too?"

"If you want me to be."

"What about Sasha?"

Hemi frowns. "What about Sasha?"

"Aren't you two...? I mean, didn't you used to be a...thing?"

"We were. But we aren't now. I'm just doing a favor for an old friend. Nothing more."

"Does Sasha know that?"

"She should. But if she doesn't, she'll find out soon enough."

"Is she, uh, is she the one that lives, no regrets?"

Again, I see something dart through Hemi's expression, only to be gone in an instant. This time, it looks like pain. "No, it wasn't Sasha."

I pause, waiting for him to continue. Hoping he will. But knowing, somehow, that he won't.

"Well, it's a good motto. Maybe I'll have to get that inked somewhere, too."

"Maybe we can do each other," he suggests with a wicked grin.

"I like the sound of that."

"Somehow, I knew you would. Maybe I should add 'devil' to that description of you."

"No, I think that's better suited for you."

Again, I see something odd flit through Hemi's dark eyes. It's gone as quickly as it came. I wonder, absently and with a growing sense of dread, how long I'll be able to ignore it.

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO - Hemi

I'm still awake when Reese calls.

"Turns out there are a lot of people interested in this bastard. I don't know how he's kept his nose out of the shit for so long, but he has. That's over now, though. I put a call into that friend of mine that works with the Georgia Attorney General's office. It won't be long until he's in touch with the internal affairs guys there at the local level. I hope for his sake that this Locke ass**le hasn't made many enemies along the way. If anyone else is as dirty as he is, and the word gets out, someone else is liable to clean up this mess. The permanent way."

I feel the beginnings of a headache. It worsens the longer Reese talks. This is what we wanted. It's what we needed to do. A matter of honor. And respect. And it's important to me. To all of us.

But...

It'll kill Sloane. Of course, it's not my fault her brother's a d-bag.

But still...

And if...no when...she finds out I had a hand in it, it'll be over. She'll hate me and this will be over before it began.

That shouldn't bother me. I mean, I don't even know her that well. I shouldn't give a shit. She's collateral damage. The sister to a shitbird bastard, ass**le-of-a-human.

But still...

"Just keep me posted, man. I, uh, I wanna know what's going down. You know, so I can be prepared."

"Prepared? Prepared for what?" Reese asks.

"How the hell should I know? I'm the one on the front lines here. Who knows what kind of back lash something like this could have? Especially when they find out who I am. They'll make the connection."

"By then it won't matter. It'll be dealt with. One way or the other."

I grit my teeth. "Still, I wanna know."

"All right. Whatever. I'm making the call. Watch your back or sleep with one eye open, whatever it is you feel like you need to do. But I still don't think you'll have anything to worry about."

"You don't know these people. They take care of their own."

"Even when one of their own is dirty?"

"They're like family. Some of them are literally family. I think it would be a mistake to underestimate them."

"Whatever. I'll keep you posted," he says in his short, clipped way.

"Thanks."

"Later," Reese says.

"Later."

The line goes dead and I'm left in the quiet of my house, thinking.

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE - Sloane

"What the hell are you so happy about at this hour?" Steven asks as he stomps groggily into the kitchen.

"Good morning to you, too," I reply cheerfully.

I sip my coffee as he makes himself a sandwich. It's been Steven's habit since we were kids to have a weird, lunch-like breakfast. It's not unusual for him to have a peanut butter sandwich or a roast beef sandwich, sometimes even a tuna fish sandwich, which is the nastiest thing in the world to smell at six a.m.

"Well, what's going on with you? I notice you're keeping late hours. Just going right off the deep end, huh?" he says sharply.

"No, I'm not 'going right off the deep end'."

"Sure as shit seems like it. Staying out until all hours, drinking, making friends with all sorts of unsavory types."

I get immediately defensive. "And just what 'unsavory types' are you referring to?"

"You didn't think I'd forget, did you? That guy? At Cuff's? That wasn't the first time you two met. And I've seen him around there before. He's probably a small-time criminal. Just the kind of person you need to get involved with right out of the gate," he says snidely.

"He's not a criminal. Of any kind, small time or otherwise."

"And how, exactly, do you know this?"

"Because I just know. I know him."

"The only way to be sure is to let us run a background check."

My mouth drops open. "You can't be serious."

Steven looks at me like he can't believe I'm questioning him. "Of course I'm serious."

"You can't just do stuff like that, Steven. God!"

"Why the hell not?"

"You...you...it's...You just can't."

"Well, your sound logic has never stopped me before."

If possible, I'm even more astonished. Which I'm pretty sure is physically impossible for me at this point. "You've run checks on people I know?" I say quietly. Steven, so righteous at the moment, doesn't notice that I'm dangerously quiet.

"Yeah. So?"

"Like who?" I'm telling myself to remain calm. At least until I can get an idea of the true extent of this betrayal.

"Like...everyone you've associated with for the last five or six years."

I am beside myself with anger and resentment and...shock. I never would've dreamed my crazy family would go to such extreme measures. Never ever.

My hands are shaking I'm so mad. When he continues, I'm still considering punching my brother as hard as I can right in the stomach. The desire is only heightened at his matter-of-fact tone, like he's done nothing wrong.

"I would've already done it on this guy, but he's a little harder to pin down. Which is cause for concern."

"Well you can just give it the hell up then! I don't want you to pin him down. Or investigate him. Or even so much as look at him. I want you to stay out of my life!"

Steven stares at me as though I'm a silly two year old, throwing a childish temper tantrum. "Tough shit. We're your family. We look out for you. It's what we do."

My anger is diffused a bit by his obliviousness to why I'd be upset. "Steven, this isn't normal. Or healthy. Y'all can't treat me this way for the rest of my life. You have to let me grow up. You have to learn to trust me. And my judgment. You have to let me make my own mistakes."

"No, we don't."

I squeeze my head between my hands, wishing I could ease the pressure that's pounding right at my temples. I close my eyes and wave my hands at him. "I give up. If this is how you're going to be, then don't expect me to respect this insanity. Because I won't. I won't because I shouldn't have to. It's over the top and completely unacceptable."

"Sloane, with your history-"

"Stop right there. You've got to let me go, Steven. I'm spreading my wings whether you like it or not. Don't make this harder on all of us than it has to be."

I see an uncharacteristic hint of sadness in my brother's jet black eyes. "Do what you have to do. And we'll do what we have to do."

Without another word, Steven takes his sandwich and walks away.

********

I get ready and I dress for "work" on Saturday night with great care. There is, of course, the suspicion (and the hope) that tonight will be the night Hemi takes my virginity. I've always considered it an embarrassing thing. Like I'm some kind of freak. But now, I'm glad no other guy has ever had the balls to take it from me. I'd much rather be deflowered at the hands (and mouth and body) of someone like Hemi than an overzealous teenager.

I smile as I study my reflection in the blacked glass of the door to The Ink Stain. My hair is in a loose pile on my head, like Hemi seemed to like it, my lips are painted a deep red with a light sheen of gloss on them, and my outfit (I hope) is the perfect combination of sexy and chaste. That's what I was going for because that's how I feel-like a girl who is about to become a woman.

The bare skin of my arms and legs is smooth, lightly tanned and buffed to a satiny sheen from head to toe. I'm shaved from ankle to armpit. I chew my lip for a few seconds, hoping that shaving everything wasn't a mistake. But then, knowing that there's absolutely nothing I can do about it now, I jerk open the door and make my way inside.

There are customers in the chairs in the lobby. They must be waiting. I head for the back room, making note of the three other artists that are working tonight. I'm thankful Paul isn't one of them, but I'd like it even better if Sasha wasn't either. But she is. She glances up from where she's tattooing to narrow her eyes on me.

That's new, I think, wondering if she already knows that something is going on with me and Hemi. I give her my brightest smile and walk right on by, heading for the little cubby out of which Hemi works.

It's empty when I round the corner, so I bend to put my purse under the cabinet where it's stowed when I'm here. When I stand, before I can turn around, I feel a hard, hot body pressing against me from behind. Hemi's big hand comes around my waist to flatten over the low part of my stomach as he leans into me. I can make out every firm inch of him, even the growing bulge that I can feel at my butt where he's grinding his hips.

"Oh, shit, this is gonna be a long night," he whispers into my ear, his fingertips digging into my stomach. I feel breathless. Instantly breathless. "You can't be bending over like that in front of me, got it? I'll drag that tight little ass of yours into the bathroom and your first time will be memorable in a totally different way than what I have in mind."

His voice is dark and deep and hoarse. In it, there are hints of sensual promise that turn my bones to jelly. Carefully, I turn around in his arms, pressing my chest into his. "And what would be so wrong with that?"

"I'd hate for your first time to be like that."

"Why? I wouldn't care. As long as it's with you, I don't care where we are."

I hear the air hiss through his gritted teeth. "Don't say shit like that if you don't really mean it. I've been thinking all day about burying my tongue inside you, of tasting your sweet come pour out onto it. I'm about two seconds away from taking you out of here tonight."

"Then what are you waiting for?"

He half growls, half grunts. "Grrr, because I have clients coming in tonight. And I have somewhere I want to take you tomorrow. I just need to make it until then."

I can't help but smile. "Well, don't feel like you have to wait on my account." I pull my bottom lip between my teeth when I see his eyes drop to my mouth.

"I might've been right," he says quietly.

"About what?"

"You might be more devil than angel."

"I guess you'll find out soon enough."

With that, I ease out from between him and the cabinet and I make my way to the lobby to check the schedule, glancing back over my shoulder at Hemi as I go. His dark eyes are glued to me. Suddenly, I feel hot all over.

This flirting business is all kinds of fun.

********

As it turns out, working alongside Hemi with this insane tension between us, with the excitement and the anticipation hovering just around the edges, is exhilarating. And frustrating. As I watch his hands as he works on the limbs of other people, all I can think about is what it felt like to have them on me, about how I can't wait to feel them again. It's for that reason, I'm glad when his last appointment of the night cancels.

"I guess that leaves us some free time before I close up shop," Hemi says with a gleam in his eye. My heart thumps and my pulse races at the wild tangent my imagination takes. "Wanna try your hand with the tattoo gun?"

"Really? On what?"

"Yes, really," he says with a grin. "On me."

I feel the smile come. Not only am I thrilled to be able to feel the gun in my hand-finally-but to be able to touch Hemi in the meantime...yes please!

"That sounds...interesting."

With lips curved into a suggestive smile, Hemi lowers the chair into its flat position and scoots up onto it. "Then get ready to do some shading. And hurry it up, little girl. Time's a wastin'."

For some reason, it's not insulting when Hemi calls me "little girl." Not anymore, anyway. It has become an endearment of sorts. Sexy. Provocative. Like I'm the innocent he wants to teach naughty things to. And, actually, I am. Maybe that's why I don't mind it.

As I go through every motion that Hemi has taught me about preparing for a tattoo-from alcohol and razor to sterile needles and bottles of pigment, to readying the electromagnetic machine, which is what he prefers to use for shading-I notice the fine tremor in my hand. I don't know if it's excitement or nervousness, or the searing heat that I feel from Hemi's eyes on me as I work (because I know they're on me), but something has me all keyed up.

I lay out everything before I turn my attention to him. He's sitting, shirtless, facing me. Watching me. Waiting.

"I want you to prep this side," he says, indicating the ribs that already bear ink. "I told you I wanted to eventually add some shading here. This is a good way for you to get a feel for a gun before you start out on a blank slate." I nod as I look at his trim waist and flat stomach. "That way I can guide you. Teach you. Show you how it feels." My eyes fly up to his. They're intense and his voice is husky, the double entendre clear.

"Then, by all means, show me."

Hemi stretches out on his side. With him looking on, his incendiary words haunting my every motion, I prepare his skin for the tattooing. When I'm finished, he sits up. "Grab that shader and come here."

I do as he asks, rolling the little table closer to him and taking the tool in my hand before I glance up into his face. "What now?"

Hemi winds his arm around my waist, pulling me into the V of his spread legs and wrapping his fingers around mine. He places our bound hands high on his thigh and rests them against the material of his jeans, where it's stretched snug over his bulging muscle. "Get the feel of the weight of it in your hand, the feel of using it like a pencil or a piece of charcoal. Shading is the easiest way to start. Just let your fingers move naturally, fluidly. Back and forth."

He begins to move my hand over his thigh in smooth, small circles. I put all my effort into focusing on the gun and what Hemi is saying, but my mind keeps straying to him making small circles like this on my body. With his fingers. And what they did to me. Where it led. And where it might lead again.

"Do you like the way that feels?" he asks. I turn my head to look at him. There's heat in his eyes. He's no more talking about the gun than I'm thinking about it. He's thinking of something else, too. Something much more intimate. And much more satisfying.

"I love the way it feels."

"I knew you would," he replies hoarsely. "Are you ready?"

"Yes," I say, again speaking of so much more than what I'm about to do in the next five minutes. "I'm very ready."

"You'd better be," he responds meaningfully. "Because I'm a selfish bastard and I always get what I want. Even if I have to take it." I wonder if he's still considering dragging me off to the bathroom. Because, if he is, I want him to know I'm game. I'll go. Anywhere he wants to go, I'll go.

"Is it still selfish when someone wants you to take it?"

"I don't know. But I think I'm past the point of giving a shit."

"Then take it. Take what you want."

"Be careful what you wish for, little girl."

"I don't want to be careful."

Hemi watches me for a few long, intense seconds before he releases my hand. "Then show me what you got."

Easing me back a little, Hemi stretches out on the table then turns on his side, facing me. I sit down on the stool and lower the bed until my "canvas" is at just the right height. Instinctively, as if he knows what I need (which I'm pretty sure he does, in every possible way), Hemi inches toward the edge of the table, toward me.

It's my turn to ask him. "Ready?"

"Hell yeah."

I dip the tip of my gun into black ink and I set my foot near the pedal on the floor. Finding a comfortable position for my arms, I lean into Hemi, holding the gun less than an inch from his skin. I take a deep breath and depress the pedal, tentatively grazing Hemi's smooth skin with the sharp point.

He doesn't jerk or make a sound, but I feel the muscles beneath my arms and hands clench in response to the first prick of the needles. I pause, feeling him calm instantly, before I resume.

It doesn't take long to learn the feel of the gun, of how to move it over skin, of the rhythm of inking and wiping, inking and wiping. And Hemi is the perfect canvas, his skin smooth and tight, his body perfectly formed beneath my hands. After a few minutes, I lose myself to what I'm doing, to watching the shading bring his tattoo to life in a new and wonderful way.

I don't know how long I've been bent over Hemi's side when I glance up at this face. His eyes are on me, and they're glowing with...something. We are kindred spirits. I sense it, as I'm sure Hemi does. Or at least I hope he does. We both love art. We're both consumed by it. And happily so. We both escape in it. Hide in it. Hide from the reality of our secrets.

Once again, as I think back to my brother saying that Hemi is hard to pin down, I find myself wondering what it is that Hemi's hiding from me.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR - Hemi

I'm not surprised that Sloane takes to the art of tattooing like a fish to water. I could see it in her from day one. What does surprise me is what the feel of her hands is doing to my concentration. And that's unacceptable. I'm here for one reason and one reason only. This was the type of distraction that I knew I didn't need. And yet, here it is.

The pragmatist in me says that I need to let my id run free and get her out of my system so I can focus on what I need to focus on. Which is not a woman. And certainly not this woman. Within a few seconds of the thought crossing my mind, the decision is made. It didn't take much convincing at all. The old me was salivating at the hint of blood in the water. I felt him creeping back over me, rearing his ugly, hedonistic, egocentric head. And just this once, I welcome him back.

Already, I feel a stab of guilt. I tamp it down with an iron fist, reminding myself, Live, no regrets.

"You need to call home and make whatever excuses you need to for staying a little late at work tonight," I tell Sloane.

Her head comes up and her eyes meet mine. She doesn't ask questions. "Okay. How late will I be?"

"That's up to you. But you'll definitely be home before sunrise."

I see on her face that she's not particularly thrilled with that answer, but I warned her I wasn't a breakfast kind of guy. That needs to sink in before we leave here tonight.

"Okay," she says again.

"Why don't you start wrapping it up? I'll get Gil to close up for me."

"I thought you didn't let anybody close up the shop for you."

"I'm making an exception tonight."

Now that I've decided to let my inner animal off the chain, I'm anxious to get out of here. With Sloane. She wants to spread her wings, show the world she's grown up. I can help her with that. I'll help her grow up. The right way. And real fast.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE - Sloane

I walk outside to call my father. It's humiliating enough that my family is so overprotective that, at twenty-one, I still have to call home to tell someone where I'll be. But, it is what it is. There's no changing it. At least not tonight. That's what I'm trying to do, but it's a work in progress.

"Locke," Dad answers in his clipped way. I know the caller ID shows my name, but still, he answers the same way he does when anyone calls. I roll my eyes. He's a cop through and through.

"Hey, Dad. I'm just calling to tell you I'll be late tonight. Sarah and I are-"

"Nope. You and Sarah aren't anything. You need to come straight home tonight."

"Why? We won't be-"

"Doesn't matter," he interrupts again. "This is important. You need to come straight home. In fact, Sig is off tonight. He'll be making sure you get here all right."

"What? I'm getting a police escort home from work from my brother?"

"No, your brother, who just happens to be a police officer, is making sure you get home safely. That's all."

"Semantics, Dad. This is ridiculous! When are y'all gonna see that I'm all grown up? That I can do-"

"This has nothing to do with your age or how grown up you are, Sloane. Steven has gotten a threat. We're just taking precautions."

"Dad, y'all are cops. You get threatened all the time." And they do. They've pissed off ninety percent of the criminal element in the greater Atlanta area.

"This isn't like that. This is...different."

A little chill wiggles down my spine. "Different how?"

"Just different, Sloane. Look, this is important. And it's non-negotiable. Sig will be there at two. You be ready."

"Dad..." I sigh. On the one hand, I'm struggling with still being seen and treated like Young Sloane, the child. The little girl I used to be. But on the other hand, I'm worried. While they all might overreact when it comes to me, they're usually all full of piss and vinegar when it comes to holding their own. This must be a pretty big deal to get a response like this from Dad.

"No arguments. Love you, kiddo." And then there's a click. End of conversation.

I stomp my foot a few times in a fit of pique, not very adult-like at all. But then I calm myself and head back inside. Looks like my wild days of sexual exploration are going to have to be postponed for a little while longer.

Hemi is cleaning his tattoo chair when I go back in. He looks up at me, smoke in his eyes. I give him a smile, but it must carry all the disappointment I feel. He straightens and I see his brow wrinkle.

"What is it?"

"Something's going on with one of my brothers at work. Dad's a little worried that it somehow might affect me so he's sending Sig to follow me home in a little while."

I wonder for a second how slutty it would be to try and seduce Hemi into doing me in the bathroom. He might have some big plan for tomorrow night, for taking my virginity, but I could care less where it is. As long as Hemi takes it and it's a night full of mind-blowing passion, the other details don't matter to me.

Hemi's frown deepens and he walks to me, abandoning the chair completely. He bends to look into my eyes and give me his full attention. "What does that mean? Has something happened? Which brother?"

I half laugh, half frown. "Wow! Ummm, I wasn't really expecting that kind of reaction." I chuckle. "Actually I don't know what it is. Something with Steven being threatened. Must be a pretty big deal for Dad to act like this. Usually they all act like they're bullet proof."

"Why would your brother be threatened? And why would it affect you?"

"My brother's a cop. It comes with the territory. As for it affecting me, I doubt it does. This is just an excellent example of the Locke men and their tendencies to overreact when it comes to me."

"Does your father think you could be in danger?"

Hemi seems genuinely concerned, which pleases me. Quite a bit, actually. I find myself wanting to smile, even though I know that reaction wouldn't be appropriate. "Dad thinks the wind is a danger to me."

Hemi steps closer to me, winding his fingers around my upper arms. "Sloane, I'm not playing around. Does he think you're in danger?" He annunciates like I'm a kid who isn't listening closely enough.

This time I do frown. Not another overprotective man to treat me like a child! "I don't know, but if he does, I'm sure he'll see to it that I'm ensconced in a steel fortress before morning."

"This could be serious, Sloane. Stop acting like it's nothing," Hemi snaps.

"Stop treating me like a child. I get enough of that from the other men in my life. I don't need this shit from you, too," I bite back.

Hemi's expression softens and his fingers loosen and move over the skin of my arms in a caress. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean it like that. I'm just...I'm just worried about you."

"And I appreciate that, but I'll be fine. My family will see to it. They might suffocate me in the process, but they'll make sure I'm safe."

"I'm sure a house full of cops is probably the safest place in the world, right?"

I think it's odd that he seems like he's uncertain of the answer, like he needs my reassurance. "A house full of Locke cops? There's no doubt."

"Good. That makes me feel better," he says. The funny thing is, based on his expression, I doubt that's true. He doesn't look like it made him feel any better at all.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX - Hemi

"I'll walk you out," I tell Sloane when she heads for the door at five minutes before two.

"You don't have to do that," she says, holding out her hand to stop me from following.

"I know I don't." But that doesn't keep me from following her. Hell, I hate letting her out of my sight. For any length of time. And not all of it is because of the guilt I feel. Not by far.

She stops again when she gets to the door, before pushing it open. "Seriously, my brother is already here. I can see his truck right there," she declares, pointing through the smoked glass. Still, that's not enough for me.

"Great, then I'll introduce myself."

I push her through the door and look around for a truck. It's easy to spot the big 4x4 and the giant slouching behind the wheel, his upper body illuminated by the glow of the dashboard lights. I guess all her brothers are huge. Thank God Sloane got a shitload of feminine genes.

I veer toward the truck. Sloane alters her path as well. I don't know why it seems like she doesn't want me to meet anyone in her family, but I couldn't care less. I'm going to make sure he's here and he's going to follow her home before I let her drive away. Period.

The window is rolled down and I hear some southern rock, turned down low, drifting from the dark interior. When we stop beside the driver side door, I see her brother straighten up in his seat. I wonder if he'd been sleeping.

"Sig, this is Hemi. Hemi, uh...Hemi, this is my youngest brother, Sig." I'm sure the short stutter was over the absence of a last name to introduce me with. I never told her. I don't really tell anyone my last name. That's the thing about an occupation like mine. People aren't very curious or insistent about knowing too much about me. The majority probably think I'm some kind of criminal, which is fine. I don't really care what they think.

"Nice to meet you, Sig," I interject smoothly, offering my hand through the window. "I just wanted to make sure you were already here to follow her home."

"Got it covered, man," Sig says, taking my hand in a firm grip. It's not one of those too-firm grips that says he feels threatened or that he's trying to be all alpha and shit. I get a lot of that. Evidently I intimidate a lot of people. I'd say most of my family does. We're used to a certain amount of respect and getting what we want. I guess a lifetime of that can make us all come across as pretty confident and commanding. It's who we are. Have been since birth.

"So, do you know much about what's going on? Sloane doesn't know much. Should I be concerned about her coming and going every night? Because I'm happy to make sure she gets home all right."

I don't want to seem too curious, but I at least want to give it a shot before I call Reese, see what I can find out.

"Nah, nothing for you to worry about. We'll make sure she gets home on the nights she's working out here."

Damn.

I nod once and slap the window sill. "Sounds good, man. Let me know if I can help."

"Will do, brother," Sig answers with a nod of his own. He seems laid back and genuine. I like him right off the bat. Not like the older one, Steven. Even if it weren't for the reasons I have to dislike him, I'd still think he's an ass**le.

I walk Sloane to her car and help her inside, shutting the door snugly behind her. I wait until the engine is started and her lights are on before I head back across the street. To lock up. And to call Reese.

From my pocket, the phone rings as I secure the front doors and shut off the outdoor neon sign. I take it out as I'm cutting off the lobby lights. LEIF is displayed on the lighted screen.

"Yeah," I answer.

"'Sup, old man," my younger brother, Leif, says.

"Not much, little boy," I reply, emphasizing the misnomer. Although Leif is a couple of inches taller than me and several pounds heavier, he was the runt growing up and he absolutely hates any reference to it. So, when he ribs me about my age, I rib him right back. It usually stops him in his tracks.

I smile when I hear his harrumph.

"Asshole," he mutters before he continues. "Thought I'd check in. How goes the hunt?"

"Actually, I finally made some real progress." I never expected those words to taste so bitter. I think immediately of the threats to Sloane's brother and whether or not I had anything to do with bringing them to her front door. Hopefully not literally.

"You did? Great job, man! Maybe we'll see some justice in our lifetime."

"Yeah, maybe," I say absently.

For some reason, even though the pieces of the puzzle fit, they just don't feel right. I tell myself that it has nothing to do with Sloane, but deep down, I have to doubt myself. At least a little bit. I can't let her cloud my judgment. I've come too far. It means too much.

But still, I can't disregard it either.

"You don't sound very happy about it, brother," Leif says in his laid back way. He's the easy-going one of the family.

"I am. I...I just want to be sure."

"Then be sure."

"I will, dude. I just need some time."

"That's one thing you've got a shitload of."

"Not necessarily," I say vaguely.

"You talking 'bout Reese?"

I sigh. "Yeah. You know how decisive he is. When I told him I thought I had him, he called the dogs as the words were leaving my mouth."

"Then you'll just have to outsmart the dogs."

I smile. Even though Leif's casual, fun-loving attitude bugs that hell out of me these days, I still love the simple way he has about him. Leif isn't the type to complicate matters. He's straight forward and smooth, just goes with the flow. He sees things as black and white. And for someone like me, someone who has lived inside the thousands of shades of gray, I envy that about him.

"I guess I will."

"Bow-wow, dude," he offers in his surfer way. "Bow-wow."

I hear a click. I'm shaking my head as I dial Reese's number. When his voicemail picks up, I realize he sounds very much like the bark that Leif was teasing about. It occurs to me that switching gears from Leif to Reese is the emotional equivalent of going from a hot tub to a pool of ice. I leave him word to call me when he gets in.

At least I won't be getting frostbite tonight, I think as I ponder how aggravated he's going to be when I tell him I need him to rein in the dogs until I investigate a little more. Something just doesn't feel right.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN - Sloane

Hemi stands just outside the door, watching me climb into my car, like he always does nowadays. Lights flick on from across the street, from the vehicle of one of my brothers, like they always do nowadays.

I sigh as I shift into gear, waving to Hemi as I pull away from the curb. The lights from the vehicle across the street fall in behind me to follow. Just like they always do nowadays. It's one of my brothers. Or my father. Always. Every night, one of them escorts me home. It's the new norm. And I hate it. But they won't stop until whatever the hell is going on stops. And that's the kicker-no one will tell me what's happening, only that there's a threat. And that it's not to be taken lightly.

I want to call bullshit, but I know better. It must be serious for them to be acting this way. Of course, the obtuse, suspicious, sheltered side of me has wondered a time or two if this could possibly be their way of thwarting my efforts to escape their net. But I reject an idea like that immediately. That would be so deceptive, I just can't imagine it. If anything, my family is blunt to a fault. They tell me like it is. If they wanted to keep tabs on me, or Hemi, or anybody else, they'd probably just tell me, outright. But they're all sticking to the same story, Dad included, which means it must be true.

I'm glad to say that their ridiculous safety measures haven't seemed to dampen the growing attraction between me and Hemi. I was afraid he'd lose interest once he realized that we wouldn't be doing the nasty any time soon. But, if anything, I think it is just heightening our awareness and raising the anticipation, which is frustrating but in a good way.

What began as just a few nights a week has progressed to me being at the shop every night, for a few hours at least. And every night, at some point, there's always an opportunity for Hemi to show me something new, something breathtakingly new.

Sometimes, he has me work on him-shading his old tattoo, working on the new one he had me to trace onto his other side, or inking letters onto the side of his hand. I never argue, mainly because I don't care what it is. Touching him is a treat-stroking his smooth skin, watching the muscles contract, feeling the heat of body.

He never takes his eyes off me, not even when I glance his way. Not anymore. Eventually, at some point during each of these episodes, he will stop me all of a sudden. He'll take the gun from my hand and lay it down beside him. He'll slide off the table and pull me to my feet. Then he'll push me up against the cabinets where no one can see, and he'll kiss me. With all the fire and passion and desperation I feel, he'll kiss me. I only hope it's not simply a reflection of my own feelings that I'm sensing. The mere thought of that is almost unbearable.

There have been a couple of times when he has helped me to tattoo myself, too. I wanted my mother's initials on my foot with some vines that wrap around my ankle.

"Why don't we work on you tonight?" he asked one night when only Paul and one client remained in the studio.

"Me? Really?"

"Yes, really," he said with a smile, reminding me of other conversations we've shared that went by in a similar way. Sometimes it feels like I've known him forever. Like I was meant to know him forever.

"Like I'd say no to that."

"I figured as much. Go ahead and prep your foot. I'll be right back."

I did as he asked and was sitting in the chair when he returned. He was carrying a folding screen.

"What's that for?" I asked as I watched him set it a few feet from the end of the chair and then unfold it, further concealing us in our little corner.

"I've been thinking about bringing this over here for a while. Now seems like a good time," he'd said with a shrug.

Despite his casual attitude, my stomach was a ball of butterflies just thinking about the additional amount of privacy the screen provided us. Pathetic, I know.

"You ready?"

"Yep," I said, bending my leg and pulling my foot in close so I could work on it.

"Here, let's do it this way," Hemi said, lowering the back of the chair, flattening it out in a table position. When it was fully extended, he climbed up behind me, throwing one leg over me until he could scoot up flush against my back. I remember feeling the tight muscles of his chest against me. I remember inhaling and thinking that I could smell nothing but Hemi. Not alcohol from the prep, not the plastic from the new needle packages, not any other scents from anywhere in the room. Just Hemi. And it was heaven.

"We'll do this together," he said, his lips so close to my ear, I could feel them brush the shell.

Hemi wound his arms around me, taking my fingers in his, and together we gripped the gun and set the needles to my skin, inking the first letter. Our hands moved in a rhythm, like we had the same vision, like our art poured out in the exact same way. From the first line, the first stroke, it was beautiful.

Tonight was one of the first nights that we haven't worked on him teaching me tattooing. I had mentioned as I was getting a granola bar out of my purse that I'd had a shitty day at school and hadn't had much of an appetite for supper. Hemi said nothing as I wolfed down my snack, yet, less than an hour later, a pizza was delivered.

"What's this?" I asked when the pizza guy brought it back to me.

"The guy up front said to bring it back here to the hot brunette." That alone endeared to me both Hemi and the pizza boy. I gave him my brightest smile and happily took the box of pizza.

As he was leaving, he passed Hemi as he was bringing back a customer. Rather than bringing the girl back to his chair in his cubby, he walked the opposite direction, toward JonJon. I heard Hemi explain what the girl wanted then he handed JonJon a stencil and asked him to get it started and he'd finish it afterward. JonJon nodded agreeably, motioning for the girl to have a seat in his chair.

I found it a bit odd, as Hemi doesn't normally let anyone else take part in his work. He does it step by step, start to finish. I watched curiously as he crossed the room to me, walking with purpose. Without a word, Hemi extended the folding screen at the foot of the bed, hoisted me up onto the counter then took a piece of pizza from the box and shoved it in my hand.

"Eat," he barked. I was stunned by his stern command at first, but then, after a few seconds, he added, "I want to watch."

I nearly dropped my pizza and jumped his bones. Only I couldn't, mainly because impulsive sex is impossible for a virgin. And we were surrounded by a shop full of people. Neither of those facts was conducive to an impetuous tryst.

Dammit!

So, tonight, for the millionth time it seems, I left Hemi behind and we're both...unsatisfied. I twist the volume dial on my car stereo, turning up the music. I don't hear anything but loud bass, so it takes me by surprise when I see Scout's SUV fly by me on the wrong side of the road.

"What the hell, Scout?" I mumble into the car.

That's when I see the lights come on in our house, which is just up ahead. Like, all the lights-porch lights, interior lights, side yard lights. A prickle of unease makes its way down my spine and I see Scout blast past the house going Mach II.

I slow down and pull up to the curb, looking on with horror at the dozens of bullet holes that now dot the white vinyl siding.

My heart is thumping with fear and I hear my own blood rushing in my ears. I reach onto the seat beside me to dig inside my purse for my phone, but the little pocket where my phone lives is empty.

"Frick!"

Now what am I supposed to do? Instinctively, I know better than to get out of the car just yet. Dad would skin me alive if I did something stupid like that.

I watch, holding my breath and praying that the dear Lord above kept those bullets away from my father, who should've been the only one in the house tonight since Scout and I were both out and Steven and Sig are working.

Within a couple of minutes, I see the front door open and my father emerge. I exhale in relief, and even smile when I see that he's on the phone giving someone the ass-chewing of their life. He's waving his arm and, even from the curb, I can see the thick vein standing out in the center of his forehead.

I shift into park and cut the engine. As I make my way up the sidewalk, I have to pick through a field of empty shell casings as I go. Dad's rant ceases shortly after I stop in front of him.

"What happened?" I ask.

Dad is boiling. "Some mother..." He runs his hands through his brown hair, trying desperately to hold his tongue in front of the tender ears of his daughter, the lady.

"You can say it, Dad. This can be your freebie."

"Some... asshole has just brought the wrath of the Lockes down on his no-good, shit-eating, shit-sucking, shit-for-brains head!" He growls so I decide it's best to forego my applause over his creative and successive use of the word "shit" in an effort to keep from saying the F word in front of me. What a guy!

"Does this have anything to do with the threats?"

"I'm sure as shit it does." This time I smile. He's on a roll. Dad spots it and turns his anger on me. "Listen here, young lady, this is not a laughing matter. Someone could've been killed here tonight. If you'd been here, watching television in the living room..." Dad's normally tan complexion goes pale underneath. "Oh sweet Jesus, what would I have done if you'd been shot, Sloane?"

In an almost visible way, the fury drains right out of my father, replaced by his ever-present worry over my welfare. He pulls me into his arms.

"But nothing happened, Dad. I'm fine. We're all fine."

He doesn't say a word as he strokes my hair. It seems unnaturally quiet around us until the sound of an engine breaks the silence.

I turn, expecting to see Scout pulling into the driveway. Instead, I see Hemi's car pull to a stop behind mine.

"Who the hell is that?" my father asks, every muscle in his body tensing around me.

"It's the guy I work with, Dad. You met him that night you followed me home, remember?"

"Right. Something stupid like Homey," he says snidely.

"It's Hemi, Dad. Don't be an ass."

"Sloane," he begins.

"Please don't embarrass me, Dad," I say from the corner of my mouth as he releases me and we turn to await Hemi. I would feel much more comfortable going to him rather than him coming to me (and Dad), but Dad would just follow. He's in that kind of mood.

Hemi gets out of his car and takes the sidewalk to where Dad and I are standing. I see him look around on the ground as he walks, no doubt noticing all the brass strewn about. He's frowning when he stops in front of us.

"Are you all right?" he asks without preamble, directing his question to me.

"I'm fine. I missed all the excitement. Scout and I were just coming home. He took off down the road. I assume he thinks he might be able to catch whoever did this."

"What happened?" This time he looks to my father. "Hemi, sir," he says offering his hand. "Met you a few days ago when you came to get Sloane."

Dad pumps his hand a few times and responds in his gruff way. "I remember. As for this mess, some ass**le with a death wish decided to push his luck." And just like that, all the anger is back. Dad starts pacing, cursing under his breath. "And where the hell is your brother? He should've been back by now."

"What are you doing here?" I ask Hemi since Dad's off on another rant.

"You left your phone at the shop. I figured you'd need it."

He hands me my phone, his fingers lingering over mine before he lets it go. "Seriously, are you okay?"

I smile. "I'm fine. Actually, I feel kinda sorry for the guys who did this. They really have no idea what kind of shit storm they just brought down on their heads."

"Sloane, this isn't funny. It's very serious. What if you'd been here? What if you'd been five minutes earlier coming home?"

I can see both worry and irritation in his eyes. "But I wasn't."

"But you could've been," he argues.

"See, Sloane?" Dad gripes from behind me. "Even Homey has a better head on his shoulders."

My face burns like a thousand flames and I squeeze my eyes shut. But Hemi laughs. "Thank you, sir," he replies lightly before turning back to me. "Maybe you should come and stay with me tonight."

I'm both astonished and impressed that he would suggest such a thing in front of my father. Dad stomps back to us, not stopping until he's nearly chest to chest with Hemi. My stomach flutters with pride and pleasure when Hemi doesn't retreat. Not one inch.

"Just what the hell are you up to, young man?"

Hemi remains completely unflustered in the face of my father's fury, replying calmly, "Offering her a safe place to stay, sir. My spare bedroom. I'm not convinced this is the best place for her right now."

"I don't give a shit what you're convinced of, son, she's my daughter and I'll see to her safety like I have for the last twenty years."

"Twenty-one," I pipe up automatically.

Dad grunts and I see Hemi's lips twitch as he suppresses a grin.

"I'm not saying you can't keep her safe. I'm just saying that a situation like this is hard for anyone to control. She's not being targeted, but she's obviously in danger. And even if she were the focus, no one would think to look for her at my place. It's just a precaution. I'm just thinking about what's best for Sloane. Nothing more."

"And when did you become so interested in my daughter's welfare?"

Hemi answers coolly, "Would you rather I not care?"

"Of course not, but I'm not handing her off to be taken advantage of by some-"

"All due respect, sir, but Sloane is old enough to make her own decisions. Maybe you should be asking her what she'd prefer to do."

"Right now, I'm not interested in your opinion or what you think I should be doing. I'm doing what's best for my daughter. Like I always do."

"Sir, I'm not arguing that. I'm just-"

"The hell you're not! You're standing on my lawn telling me what to do about my daughter's safety."

"I'm after the same thing you are-keeping Sloane safe. And I think this-"

"I don't give a damn what you think!"

"Then give a damn about what Sloane thinks!" Hemi fires back.

"Listen here, you little shit, my daughter will do what I say because I've protected her for the last twenty years!"

"Twenty-one," I mutter again.

"Sloane! Shut it!" Dad yells.

His snappy command is the last straw. This is exactly what I'm trying to get away from-being treated like a child who has no voice, no brain. But no more! This is my chance to really make him see. It couldn't come at a worse time, of course, but it's still my chance to prove something to my father. And I'm going to take it.

"Dad, he's right. About everything," I say, drawing the attention of two sets of eyes that were glaring at each other. Now they're focused on me.

"Sloane, I-"

"I know, Dad. I know every argument, every reason, every explanation. I know you love me. I know you want what's best for me. And I know you don't want to let me go. I know. I get it. I really do." I reach out and take his hand in mine, meeting his sharp gaze. "But you have to, Dad. I need for you to let me go."

I don't look away and neither does he. I want him to see me, to really see me right now. I want him to see that I love him and I respect him, but that I need this. I need to live. I need to decide things for myself, make my own decisions and my own mistakes.

I don't know how many long, tense minutes pass with the three of us standing in front of the house this way. Too many. But, finally, Dad exhales and I see the fight leave him again. And for the first time ever, I see him give in to me.

"It's only because I love you so much. You know that, right?"

I smile up into my father's handsome, worried face. "Of course I know that. Why do you think I've put up with it all these years?"

"Just promise me you'll be careful. Always, Sloane. Have some respect for the life and the time you've been given." He glances quickly at Hemi over my shoulder. "Make good choices."

"Dad, that's all I want to do-enjoy life. And I can't do that locked away in an ivory tower."

"I know, I know. It's just hard. Hard to let go. I hope to God you have kids one day so you'll know what it feels like."

"I hope to God I do, too," I admit with a trace of sadness.

Dad squeezes my hand and then looks back at Hemi again. "I'm trusting you with one of the most precious treasures I have. Don't make me come after you."

Hemi nods. "I understand, sir."

I stretch up on my toes to give my dad an impulsive kiss before I run into the house to make a little overnight bag and grab my books for tomorrow. I feel scatterbrained, like the adrenaline coursing through my body is preparing me for action rather than deliberate thought. But one thing I am having no trouble thinking of is Hemi. And where I'll be spending the night.

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT - Hemi

"What the hell were you thinking, man?" I ask myself in the silence that surrounds me in the car. For the hundredth time, I look in the rearview mirror to make sure Sloane's still back there.

Truthfully, I don't know what I'm thinking. Or if I'm thinking at all. I know better than to get involved with Sloane. Especially now. And especially in an anything-other-than-sexual way. But pulling up to find her standing in front of her house in the middle of the night, seeing the bullet holes in the siding, walking through a sea of brass shell casings to get to her-holy shit! That moment was...profound. I was shocked. And, for whatever reason, a little afraid-for Sloane and of losing her. And there was guilt. Of course there was guilt. It was nearly overwhelming. What if something I've done, however inadvertently, caused this? Put Sloane in danger? How the hell could I ever live with myself?

The desire to get her out of there was strong. Damn strong. I'm thankful for my normally somewhat dispassionate nature. It allowed me to be confident and nonchalant in front of her father and never let on what I was truly feeling. So that's good. But now...now I'm on my way to my house with a girl I shouldn't be messing with, who's part of a family I've got a beef with. And she knows none of this. Yet I'm bringing her to my home. That's reallllly pretty stupid.

There's no turning back now, though. I see my turn up ahead. I drive along the street that I've driven for the past two years and pull into the driveway in front of the rental house I've called home for the past two years, all with Sloane following behind me.

I cut the engine, take a deep breath and get out of my car. I walk back to Sloane's, opening the back door to pull out the bag I saw her dump in there earlier.

"Damn, this thing weighs a ton. What do you have in here, a body?"

Sloane slides out from behind the wheel, grinning up at me. "Wouldn't you like to know?"

A tense silence falls down between us as we walk up the cobblestone driveway toward the front door.

"This is beautiful," Sloane says as she looks up at the two-story entry of the Mediterranean style structure.

"Thanks."

"Yours?"

"Of course it's mine. We don't just pick a house and make ourselves at home."

Sloane rolls her eyes. "I know that, smart ass. I was asking if you own it."

"No, it's a rental, nosey."

"Hey, you can't blame a girl for trying. You're so secretive. I know very little about you. I don't even know your last name, for God's sake."

I stop in front of the quietly babbling fountain that sits to the left of the front door. "Does that bother you?"

She shrugs, but doesn't meet my eyes. "No."

"Liar."

Her eyes fly to mine. "No, seriously. Everyone is entitled to their secrets."

"But?"

"No, buts," she says, looking down again as I step toward her.

"What are your secrets, Sloane," I ask, hooking my finger under her chin to lift until she's forced to look at me.

"If I told you, they wouldn't be secrets, now, would they?"

I search her face. She's beautiful and innocent and somehow mysterious. She hides a lot. I can tell. And I think she's seen a lot. I can tell that, too. Maybe a lot of pain. Too much for someone like her. For some reason, it makes me want to take it away. And it makes me feel like shit that I might be bringing her more.

"I guess not," I reply softly. "But those aren't the important things anyway, are they? You know me, whether you know my last name and my life story or not. And I know you. I know that you're strong and willful, and that you taste like honey when you melt in my hand."

I see the change in her eyes. I see them get smoky with heat, heat from the things I'm saying to her, things I'm thinking about. Things I should be keeping to myself. Especially when I'm going to be spending the night with her.

"Hemi, I-"

I cut her off before she can finish her sentence. I shouldn't have started us down this road. And now I'm desperate to change the trajectory.

"Are you sure you want to be here? I mean, your father did almost get shot up tonight. It wasn't my intention to take you away from your family if you felt you needed to be there with them."

I see the change again, this time to worry. And awareness. And regret. And guilt. I'm an ass**le. A selfish ass**le who needs to clear his conscience. To save her from one disaster, I hit her in the face with unfair and unwarranted guilt. That's a pretty shitty thing to do. But evidently, I'm a pretty shitty guy.

"I...I never thought of it like that. I mean, I knew they would all just want to know I'm safe, but...oh God, what if something happens during the night?" I see the fear ease into panic. "What if Scout never made it back? Oh my God, what if those people come back? To finish what they started?"

Her big, liquid eyes, round with worry, rise to mine. She's asking me for comfort. And reassurance. From the concern that I alone just brought to her and laid at her feet. And now, as perverse as it sounds, I feel compelled to give it to her. To erase that unsettled look of fear that's marring her beautiful face.

"Only cowards pull a stunt like the one that happened tonight. And cowards don't come back right away. Not when their targets are on the lookout. Prepared. And you're right. Your father and your brothers would want you to be safe, first and foremost. Without having to worry about you, they can focus on the task at hand, put all their attention where it needs to be."

Sloane slowly starts to nod her head. Then she closes her eyes, no doubt against the horrific images I put there, images of her family bleeding to death from gunshot wounds as they sit on the couches and lie in their beds at her house.

Yeah, I'm definitely a shitty guy.

"Come on. You can call them and see what's going on. And tonight, you'll be safe. You'll be safe here. With me. As long as you need to be."

As I start through the house, Sloane following along behind me, I barely hear her question. "Hemi, what about Sasha?"

I stop, turning to frown down at her. "What about Sasha?"

She shrugs. "Well, I know you said it was nothing now, but it used to be, and I just wondered if she knows that. I mean, why is she back?"

I step closer to Sloane, moving her hair away from one side of her face. "She ran into some money troubles back home. She's just working at the shop until she can get back on her feet. That's it. Nothing more. And yes, she knows that, too. Sasha has nothing to do with...anything."

I can see the relief on her face. I wonder how long she's been chewing on that, worrying it over and over in her head. If I had to guess, I'd say for quite a while. For her to consider it now, tonight, with everything else that has happened...

She nods and smiles, and I know she feels better, so I turn to continue on up the stairs.

I show Sloane to the largest of the four guest rooms. It's not a huge house, nothing compared to what I'm used to, but it's a lot bigger than hers. I'm not surprised that she's impressed.

"Wow! This is, like, three times bigger than my room at home."

I set her bag on the chaise at the end of the king sized bed. "I hope you'll be comfortable here then. I want you to make yourself at home. Anything in the house-the pool, the hot tub, the sauna, the gym, the kitchen-whatever you need, is yours."

"Thank you for bringing me here, Hemi. I really appreciate it. And you not...not..."

"Not what? Taking your things to my room?" I see her cheeks pinken and I know I'm right on the money. "Sloane, this is a tough time for you. I would never presume that you'd want to spend your night with me." I see her swallow uncomfortably, which makes me want to put her at ease. "That's not to say that I couldn't work a little magic on you, make you want to spend the night with me." I grin at her and she grins back. "But that would be highly inappropriate. So, tonight, hands off." I raise my hands to punctuate what I'm saying.

Sloane walks to the bed and trails her fingers along the luxurious white duvet. "Does that mean you might consider staying in here with me for a while?" she asks in a tiny voice. "I just...I just don't want to be alone yet."

"Of course," I say, moving to her side. I run my hand down her back until she turns toward me, tilting her face up to mine. "I'll stay until you fall asleep. How's that?"

I can see by her faltering smile that she wishes I'd offered more, but that she's happy with what she got. I warned her...

"Sounds good. As long as it doesn't put you out."

"Holding a hot woman in my arms? Ummm, no. It won't put me out." I bend to brush my lips across hers. "It's late. Why don't you do what you need to do to get ready for bed? And I'll be right back."

She nods again and unzips her bag. I'm not at all surprised when, within a few seconds of my departure, I hear her on the telephone, no doubt checking in with her father. While Sloane might want to have a little freedom and spread her wings, she's obviously close to her family. And it would break her heart if something happened to one of them. Even if one is a rat-bastard, dirty cop.

So where the hell does that leave me?

I go through the house, checking all the doors, downing a quick beer, waiting for Sloane to get ready, giving her room to breathe. When I make my way back upstairs, I'm well aware of the nearly-painful hard-on that's straining at my zipper. Inappropriate or not, if she pushes me very much tonight, I'll take what I want with no regrets.

It's with no small amount of disappointment that I walk into Sloane's bedroom to find her sound asleep, curled on her side under the covers.

I snap off the lights and start to back out of the room. Sloane makes a noise. It's nothing intelligible, like a word or a name; it's just a noise. I walk back to stand beside the bed, looking down at her. I see the space between her body and the edge of the bed. I might never know what the hell would possess me to kick off my shoes, slide under the covers and stretch out beside her, but that's exactly what I do.

CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE - Sloane

It's a good thing it's my turn to drive to school this week. Sarah would've been quite surprised had she pulled up in front of my house to get me and seen what a shambles it is.

"Ohmigod, you can't be serious!" she exclaims when I tell her what happened.

"Who'd make that shit up?"

"I don't know. The mafia. The devil. Obama."

I look over at her wide grin. I shake my head. "No, I'm not making it up. It was...crazy."

"So how are the brothers Locke this morning? Are they circling the wagons?"

"Of course. Scout lost the car he was following. He suspected it might be the one, but we got there just a little too late to be sure. Steven was working a case, so he was stuck at work all night. I'm sure he was a lot of fun to be around. And Sig...well, you know how he is. He'll probably spend tonight sitting on the front porch, drinking beer, with a shotgun in his lap."

"Grinning."

"Yeah, grinning. I'm sure he thinks it's funny."

"That boy's got a messed up sense of humor."

"He's sick. But, you know, if someone had been hurt, he'd be twice as hard to deal with as Steven. He's got a fierce temper when it gets stirred up."

"Well at least you didn't have to stick around for all the drama."

"And I bet there was quite a bit. I would love to have been a fly on the wall when Dad told them I wasn't staying at the house last night. I bet there was a lot of colorful language. And I bet not one of them said 'frick' even once."

"Speaking of last night, how long are you going to pretend it's no big deal that you spent the night with Hemi the Hottie?"

"I'm not pretending. Unfortunately, it's just true that it wasn't a big deal. At least not like you're thinking."

"What?" she asks indignantly. "What the hell is wrong with him? How can a guy like that pass up the perfect opportunity to get in your pants?"

I have wondered-and worried over-the exact same thing since last night.

"He didn't want to take advantage of the situation. Plus, I fell asleep."

"You fell asleep? God, Sloane, what's it gonna take to fire your lady parts up? Jumper cables and Vaseline?"

"I kind of had a big day, Sarah."

"I know, but damn! Look at that guy."

I sigh, the image of Hemi's perfect face and perfect body drifting through my head for the millionth time.

"I know. And you know what the worst part was?"

"There's worse?"

I nod. "When I woke up this morning, he was in bed with me. He was lying on his side, facing me, like he'd fallen asleep watching over me last night."

I see Sarah's mouth drop open.

"Sloane, that's not the worst part. That's the best part! What if this guy really has feelings for you? What if it's not just sexual?"

"I wish that were true, but what if it's not? What if he's just lost interest?"

I would be devastated. Just devastated. And not only if he lost interest, but if I found out that he really doesn't have feelings for me. Not like I do for him.

I'd be heartbroken.

"Sloane, men don't do things like this for girls they've lost interest in. They smile politely, maybe open the door for you and then they get the hell out of dodge. Not pack you up and bring you home with them for the night, then fall asleep beside you. That sounds like serious shit to me."

I resist the urge to close my eyes and revel in her words. And pray that she's right.

"I hope it is. I guess I'm just afraid to read too much into it."

"Why? You're the one who's always talking about spreading your wings and taking chances and experiencing new things. You can't do any of that and not risk a little heartache."

"But what if it's not a little heartache? What if it's like total wreckage?"

"Then you have to squeeze every good minute out of this that you can so that when you look back, it doesn't kill you to remember."

"That makes no sense whatsoever. You realize that, don't you?"

"Yeah, I know. But it sounded good." Neither of us says anything for a few miles. It's not until I'm turning into the parking lot that Sarah speaks again. "So what's the deal now? Are you going back over there?"

"I don't know."

"Didn't he say anything about it this morning?"

"I don't know. I didn't see him."

"I thought you spent the night wrapped up in his arms."

"I did. But he's...he's said before that he's not the 'breakfast' type. I didn't really know if he'd want to see me this morning, so I crawled out of bed, took a quick shower and left."

"You just left? Just like that?"

"Well, I left a note."

"That said?"

"'Thank you for keeping me safe'."

"Damn that's cold."

"How is that cold? I didn't want to make him uncomfortable. And I didn't want to look like a pathetic fool."

"Good point. And maybe it's best to keep him guessing. You know, play it a little mysterious."

I snort. "Yeah, because I'm verrry mysterious."

I think immediately of Sasha. Now she's mysterious. And she's the kind of girl Hemi likes. The kind he's used to. Attracted to. The kind he had breakfast with.

"Sloane, there's obviously something about you that he's drawn to. Who gives a shit what it is? Just go with it. Use what you've got and play this to the bone. You'll regret it if you don't. I promise you that."

"Don't make promises," I mutter reflexively.

Sarah sighs. "How did I know you were going to say that?"

"Because I'm right. And we both know it."

Removing the key from the ignition, Sarah and I walk toward the quad. She goes one way and I go the other when the sidewalk splits.

"See ya in a few," she says in her chipper way.

I nod and smile, suddenly losing all enthusiasm for the day.

CHAPTER THIRTY - Hemi

I can't decide what's dumber than shit-going to see Sloane's dad or thinking so much about how to talk him into letting her stay with me. Not that she can't decide that for herself, but I don't want to ask her to stay. I don't know why, but I don't. That would be like admitting too much. To both Sloane and to myself. I just can't get involved with her. It wouldn't be right. But if I were helping her out...doing a kindness to her and her family...

It occurs to me that nothing I can do will absolve me of this nagging feeling of guilt. But I'm damn sure gonna try anyway. I just wish that's all it was-guilt-that this gnawing sensation in my gut was only guilt and not something deeper, something more tender. Because that's a shitload of trouble. For both of us.

I took a chance that he'd be at the house today. And it was a good bet, because he's standing on the front porch, talking on the telephone when I pull up. I can see a few remnants of crime scene tape here and there in the yard. My guess is that there were people milling around here all night long, getting evidence collected and logged in and processed. This is a family of cops after all. And they certainly take care of their own. Which worries me to some degree.

He wraps up his phone call as I draw closer.

"Okay, just keep me posted," he says before he disconnects his cell phone. "What are you doing here?" he asks me bluntly. I can appreciate that-someone who doesn't beat around the bush, someone who tells it like it is. Most of the people in my family are like that. Brutal honesty. I like it. Even if I don't always give it.

"Thought I'd stop by and see if you'd figured out what happened. And to tell you Sloane got off to school okay." The only reason I know this is because I texted her when I got up and she replied, saying she was fine, finishing up her second Thursday class.

"Good. Thank you for keeping an eye on her."

"No problem. I'm happy to do it. I like Sloane."

Mr. Locke narrows his eyes on me. "I can see that." I make no comment. He can think what he wants about my interest in Sloane. I'm sure, whatever conclusion he draws, it won't be wrong. He's a sharp guy.

"Have you been able to figure out who's behind this?"

"Not yet. But we will. You know about the threats Steven got. I'm sure this is connected."

"But Steven was working last night, right?"

"Yeah."

"So why hit the house when he's not here, if he's the target?"

"Oh it's a message. And a tool. To get what they want. What they think he has."

"Which is?"

Again, he narrows his eyes on me. "Nothing I feel comfortable discussing with you."

I nod. "I can respect that. Here's the thing: I'm thinking that until you and your people get this nailed down, maybe it would be best if Sloane stayed with me. I'm in a gated community. I don't think anyone would single her out, but if they did, I don't think they'd look for her there."

"You're awfully interested in my family."

"I'm interested in Sloane. And making sure she doesn't get caught in the cross fire."

"And what do you get out of it?" I see the accusation and the displeasure in his eyes.

"Just knowing she's safe." A surge of guilt sweeps through me. That is a big part of my reasoning. But there's more. "At least until you've had time to make some headway with all...this," I say, nodding at the various holes in and around his front door. "I'm trying to be respectful, sir."

I see his nostrils flare. He doesn't like it, but he can't really argue.

"As she's so fond of telling me, Sloane is old enough to decide this for herself."

"You're right. I just thought I'd talk to you about it. And let you pack up a few things for her, things she needs. Some clothes since she doesn't have school tomorrow."

He huffs as he turns toward the house, opening the front door and tipping his head for me to follow. I do, stepping into the foyer and closing the shot-up wooden panel behind me. I've been this far before, when I picked up Sloane for the beach. Nothing is extravagant. Nothing seems out of line with what a bunch of men, a bunch of cops might have in their house. And I've seen what Steven drives. Again, nothing extravagant. He had to have made a shitload of money. So where is it? Either he's saving it or I'm wrong.

For the first time in two years, I hope I'm wrong. I hope my search is still out there, ahead of me. And the culprit is someone that's not related to Sloane.

********

I texted Sloane after lunch to tell her that she was welcome to stay with me until her family got things straightened out. I'm a little pissed off that she's not here already. Even though her only response was to thank me, I assumed she'd come by after school. I mean, where else is she gonna go? Yet it's almost seven, closing in on her normal time to arrive, and I haven't heard a word from her.

When the alarm at the front door sounds, I roll my chair to the right of the desk in the small office, giving me the perfect angle to see out into the lobby. I see Sloane passing through, heading straight for the back. I get up and follow.

I feel the frown working at my forehead as I cross the studio after her, my irritation building. "Where have you been?" I ask without preamble.

She turns surprised eyes to me. "What do you mean? Was I supposed to come in early?"

"I texted you about staying with me."

"I know," she says with a small smile. "I got it. Didn't you get my response?"

"Yeah, but I figured you'd come here after school."

"I didn't want to bother you while you were working. I had to go by the house and get some clothes anyway."

"Didn't your dad tell you I'd been by?"

"No, he wasn't there. No one was."

"Sloane, what the hell were you thinking? No one was home and you went in anyway?"

"Of course I did," she says, her eyebrows drawing together in a frown of her own. "Why wouldn't I?"

"Because it's stupid, that's why."

"What's the matter with you? You're acting exactly like one of my brothers."

"It bugs the shit out of me that you could be so careless and irresponsible," I explain, refusing to acknowledge the way my heart pounds harder just thinking about someone attacking her while she was there. Alone.

I see her chin come up and I realize that was the wrong thing to say.

"Luckily, I don't base every decision I make on your definition of careful or responsible."

"Sloane, that's not what I meant. I meant-"

"I know exactly what you meant, Hemi, and I don't need another brother. Or another father. I have plenty of people second-guessing my every move and trying to keep me out of every conceivable path that harm might take. But I'll tell you like I told them-I refuse to live my life afraid, Hemi. Refuse! Life is too short to overthink every single thing because I might get hurt or it might end badly. I'll never have a single moment of happiness if I live that way. I thought you understood. I thought you felt the same way. What happened to 'Live, no regrets'?"

"Having fun and being free doesn't mean you have to do stupid shit that could get you hurt, Sloane."

"Doesn't it? Isn't that the nature of risk? Doing something despite the fact that you might get hurt?"

"On a smaller scale, yes. But this is your life. This isn't having a drink to stick it to your brothers or getting a tattoo to prove a point."

"Is that what you think I'm doing? Rebelling? Proving a point?"

Her level of upset is disproportionate to what I'm trying to say, but I don't know how to say it any differently.

I sigh, reaching out to rub my hands up and down Sloane's upper arms, loving the way it feels like silk against my palms. "Look, this is not how I pictured this conversation going. You said you wanted my truth, well this is it. I'm not trying to control you. Or boss you. I was just worried. That's all. I just have a piss-poor way of explaining that."

I see her expression soften. "I love that you're concerned about me," she says, taking a step closer to me. "I love it a lot." Color blooms in her cheeks and a smile flirts with the corners of her mouth. But when she continues, her eyes are earnest. "But you have to trust that I know what I'm doing. And that I'm old enough and smart enough to do it. I had Sarah with me. Sig had just left the house a few minutes before I got there. Cops have been in and out of there all day. I didn't feel like, all things considered, it would be too dangerous to run upstairs, in broad daylight, and grab a few things before I went to Sarah's for a while. But I also didn't feel like I needed to explain that to anybody either."

Now I feel like an ass. "I'm sorry I snapped. I should've given you the benefit of the doubt. I was...I was just concerned."

She nods, taking yet another step closer to me. "So you want me to stay with you then?"

"Of course I want you to stay with me. I wouldn't have offered if I didn't."

"Are you sure about that? I mean, it's the nice thing to do."

I arch one brow at her. "Sloane, I've told you before that I'm selfish. This is me being selfish. I'm not trying to stay away from you anymore."

This is as much news to me as it is to her. Being done with the fight, with the pretense and just putting it out there. I don't know when I decided to flip guilt the bird. Probably when I realized I could have Sloane in my house, in my bed, all to myself if I play this the right way. Yet another opportunity I can't pass up. I refuse to look more deeply into it than that.

"Really?"

"Really."

"Then, by all means, be selfish," she says, grinning up at me.

"You shouldn't look so pleased. Your virtue could be in peril."

"Even better."

I ignore the way my dick jumps just thinking of where this conversation is going and how, now, I can do something about it. "Speaking of selfish, why didn't you wake me up when you left this morning?"

Sloane's lashes flutter down to hide her eyes and I feel her stiffen against me.

"Why would I do that? You were kind enough to let me stay, to watch over me all night. I didn't want to...I mean..." She trails off and I see her tongue sneak out to wet her lips. A nervous gesture. Finally, she lifts her eyes to mine again. "Look, Hemi, I remember the whole conversation about breakfast. I know how you feel about it, about women...staying. I just...I just didn't want to make you feel like I expected anything. That's all."

I do like a woman who knows when to leave. I've always liked that. No attachments. No obligations. Just two consenting adults. And when it's over, we go our separate ways. Until next time. If there is a next time. But then why was I ticked off when I found a note in the kitchen this morning? Why was I so pissed when I realized that Sloane had left without so much as a word?

"This is different. You don't need to worry about that. This is...this is just different," I repeat, unable to explain it any further than that.

Sloane nods and murmurs softly, "Okay."

A tense silence falls between us, one that I feel the need to eradicate. "So, did you eat?"

"Yeah, Sarah and I had take-out."

I nod, crossing that option off the list. I don't know why I suddenly feel the need to pamper Sloane, to show her that she's not just another girl that I want to bang and then shower away while she walks out the door. I want to be with her. I want to watch her when she tastes new things, feels new things. I want to watch her eyes open first thing in the morning. And, admittedly, I want to watch them close when I bury my dick in her. And now I have the perfect opportunity to do all those things. To get her out of my system before she finds out too much and learns to hate me.

"I've got an idea. Why don't we blow off this place tonight and hit a club or something? Let you get rid of some tension? I think you've earned a...release."

Her smile is wide and her eyes take on an instant sparkle. "That sounds great. But can you do that? I mean, won't the owner..."

"It's just one night. And we've got plenty of people here tonight. I had planned to work with you some more on our tattoos, but we can do that another night."

Sloane glances down at what she's wearing. "I didn't really bring anything to wear for something like that."

"That'll be fine," I say, taking in her tiny black shorts and white top that sits off one shoulder. "Trust me, you could wear a paper bag and be the hottest girl at most of these places."

I love how her cheeks get all pink and round when I say things like that to her. It's the truth, of course, but I probably wouldn't tell her what I'm thinking as often if she didn't react this way.

Or maybe I would.

"If you think it'll be okay..."

"You'll be fine. I know the owner of the place we're going. You'll fit right in."

********

Less than an hour later, I'm leading Sloane through the doors of a club in down town. It's called "Aphrodisiac" and most everything within the four exterior walls is geared toward titillation. And I'd be willing to bet a shitload of money that Sloane has never stepped foot in a place like this before. Hell, I'm not even sure she's wanted to. But she's here. And tonight is all about her feeling pleasure rather than stress, about her letting go rather than holding on.

From the second we step through the doors, the bass-heavy thump of music sets the tone to sensuality. Everything does. From the color scheme-rich reds and black-to the lighting-dim and pulsing-everything adds to the feeling of carnal freedom. Even the air is thick and humid, lending a sultry feel to the place. It's like someone set a dance club out in the center of the jungle. The heat brings out the animal in everyone. And the temperature is on the rise.

Passing between two elevated cages in which half-naked women are dancing, I lead Sloane to the bar and order us both a drink.

"Have you ever done a shot?"

"Once."

"Well, I don't want you drunk, but I do want you feeling all grown up and liberated, so we're going to do a shot and then go dance. You up for it?"

Sloane grins at me, her wings almost visibly loosening and spreading right before my eyes. "Hell yeah!"

I smile. I feel like licking my lips. Something tells me there's something delicious on the menu tonight.

The bartender slides two shots across to us, each sporting a lemon wedge tucked on the rim, along with a salt shaker. I nod and slip her a bill. "We're starting with shots of tequila, mostly because they're fun to do," I explain. "And because tonight, I'm taking advantage of any excuse to touch you."

Sloane's smile builds slowly. "I like the sound of these already. What do I do?"

"I'll show you how to do yours first. Then I'll do mine." I take Sloane's hand in mine and I lick the back of it, sprinkling salt on the damp surface. I place the shot glass in her other hand. "Lick the salt, drink the shot and then I'll give you the lemon, okay?"

Sloane nods. "Now?"

"Right now."

Her dark eyes are crackling with heat. It's easy to tell she's ready to dive into this night with everything she has. And I'm going to make sure she forgets her worries. At least for one night.

With her gaze on mine, Sloane raises her hand to her mouth and licks off the salt. I don't know if she does it so slowly on purpose or if it's just that she's enjoying the taste. Either way, watching her pink tongue scrape along her skin makes my dick twitch. When the salt is gone, she turns up the shot glass and drains it in one big gulp. She's a born drinker. Without taking her eyes off mine, she sets the glass on the bar and waits. I bring the lemon wedge to her lips, swiping the fleshy part across them. "Suck."

Her lush lips part and I see her small, white teeth sink into the juicy sacks of the citrus. I can feel her sucking on it as she leans into me.

"Mmmm," she murmurs when she's done. "Delicious. Your turn."

She grabs the salt shaker and reaches for my hand, but I stop her. "No, I'll be doing mine a little differently." Sloane's hair is up again tonight, revealing her long, graceful neck and the feminine curve of her shoulder. The shirt she's wearing is deeply cut in front, making it fall down one arm. The exact spot that I want to put my mouth is exposed, like she dressed for this night with me in mind.

Bending forward, I put my lips and tongue to the tender place where her neck and shoulder meet, enjoying the taste of her skin and the way she tips her head to the side, giving me better access. I shake salt onto the damp place and turn my lemon wedge backward, holding it to her lips. "Open."

Sloane's lips part and I set the citrus slice between them until I feel her clamp down to hold it in place. Wrapping my arm around her waist, I pull her in close to me as I reach for my shot. As I lower my head to lick every grain of salt from her skin, she melts into me, threading her fingers into my hair. I turn my face to the side and down the fiery liquid then bite into the lemon wedge Sloane's holding between her teeth. I suck all the juice from it then take it from her and drive my tongue between her lips to tangle with hers in a kiss that sets my blood on fire.

The cave of her mouth is cool and still tastes of lemon and salt. All I can think about is putting my tongue into other orifices and savoring the mingling of tangy tequila, salty lemon, and the sweet, creamy flavor of her body.

My mind is on the mixture of our fluids when I lean back to look down into her face. "I bet you're not on any kind of birth control, are you?" It's a random question, one that I probably should've asked a little more delicately. But my mind isn't on being delicate. It's on being voracious.

She smiles up at me. "Actually, I am. To regulate my periods."

I'm pleasantly surprised. I expect birth control and regular testing from the experienced women I usually seek out. But with Sloane, although the testing isn't an issue for a virgin, the other might've been. But it's not. And it makes me even hungrier for her all of a sudden.

"I love it when Mother Nature cuts me some slack."

Sloane laughs and I feel the husky sound vibrate through me, all the way down to my balls. Every part of me is champing at the bit to get inside this girl.

"I've never been too pleased about it. Until now."

Reluctantly, I release her, reaching for her hand and nodding toward the crowded dance floor. "Let's dance. Before I throw you over my shoulder and drag you out of here."

"You won't hear me complaining," I hear her mutter from behind me.

I don't think she knows what she's inviting. But she will.

CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE - Sloane

I've never felt more alive, more like I'm experiencing life rather than letting it pass me by. Crushed between warm, writhing bodies on the dance floor, still all I can feel is Hemi's heat surrounding me, his hard body rubbing against mine in time with the sultry music.

His hands glide over me and the lights pulse around me. He turns my back to him and pulls my body into his, grinding his hips against me. Fire pours through me, making my head feel light and my limbs feel heavy.

"How do you feel?" he asks, his lips tickling my ear.

"I feel wonderful. How about another shot?"

"Just one more," he says. "I don't want you drunk. I want you to feel relaxed, but I want you to be able to think. And feel...other things."

A shiver works its way through me. "Then just one more. I wouldn't want to miss...other things."

I love this feeling. All these feelings. Most of all, I love being with Hemi. Touching him and being touched by him. I love the anticipation that's building between us. I love that he's watching over me, that he's showing me some fun in a not-so-fun time. I love that he tried to stay away from me and couldn't, that he's not even trying anymore. And that he admitted it. I love everything about him and this night.

"Stay here. I'll be right back."

I look over my shoulder to meet Hemi's eyes. They're dark and mysterious in the flickering club lights. They're also telling. He wants me. He's not trying to hide it. And I don't want him to.

"I'll be waiting," I tell him, holding his gaze until the crowd swallows him up.

I tip my head back and revel in the thud of the bass. The music is loud and consuming. It drowns out everything else. Everything except what I want to let in. And that's Hemi. He's all I want to let in tonight. Him and every experience and sensation he can show me.

I raise my arms above my head, enjoying the way the bodies around me bump and sway in time with mine, in time with the music. The rhythm directs the night. And I lose myself to it, lose myself to the dance. The dance of the clubbers. The dance of me and Hemi. I just give in to it.

And I've never felt so free.

CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO - Hemi

I make my way back to Sloane, carrying our shots. A bottle of water is tucked in my waist band. She's gonna need it.

I weave through the tightly packed crush of bodies until they part enough that I can see her. Her eyes are closed and her body is moving to the deep thump of the music. I stop to watch her. I'm captivated by the gentle swing of her shoulders, mesmerized by the suggestive sway of her hips. The way she moves... Damn, it's so sexy! I don't think she realizes how much innate sensuality she has, how much appeal she exudes without even trying. I've known a lot of women. A lot of women very practiced in getting what they want, in enticing a man, but none of them have made me ache like Sloane does.

I want her. I want to take what she's given to no one else. I want to be the first to show her everything. And to be the one she can't forget. She's like the blank slate I so crave for my art. I want to be etched onto her. Permanently. Something about that thought appeals to the primal man in me, to the animal and the conqueror.

I take a step toward her and, as if sensing the stalk of a predator, she opens her eyes and they focus immediately on mine. Her lips curve the slightest bit. A provocative half grin that makes me think of pushing her onto a bed, rolling her onto her stomach and ramming into her from behind.

I grit my teeth. My patience is stretched to the point of breaking.

When I stop in front of Sloane, she takes a shot glass from my hand and grabs the salt from the bend of my arm. "I'll go first again," Sloane says, a dangerous glint in her eyes. Before I can argue, she's wiggling her tongue over the skin of my throat then standing back to shake a little salt on it. I feel it sprinkle down my arm and chest, doubting that much hit the spot she prepared, and not caring either way.

With her lips and tongue, she licks salt from my neck, tosses back her shot and sucks on the lemon wedge. I see the challenge in her eyes as she watches me over the yellow slice she's holding between her lips. My patience dissolves like the salt on her tongue.

"You know what?" I ask, pulling her close so she can hear me. And so I can feel her.

"What?"

"I've got tequila and lemons and salt and music at my house."

I lean back to look down at her. Onyx eyes search mine. She knows what I'm saying, what I'm asking. "Then let's go."

I hand my shot to the guy standing behind me and I take Sloane's hand, leading her to the door. I can't get home fast enough.

CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE - Sloane

When I opened my eyes and saw Hemi watching me, I knew tonight would be the night we'd take the next step, whatever that might be. But I want it. More than anything.

I want him. I want tonight. I want right now. I want the impulsive, the spontaneous. I want the passion. And I'm about to get it.

The music is just loud enough that we don't speak the entire way back to Hemi's house in the posh Atlanta suburb. When he cuts the engine, he gets out, comes around to my side and helps me out, leading me quietly to the front door. Once inside, Hemi takes my purse from my fingers and throws it on the sofa. He turns back to me, cupping my cheek with his palm. "How's your head?"

"It's fine. It's perfect," I answer with a smile.

"Not too fuzzy?"

"No, it's just a little...light."

"Then how about the sauna? The heat will intensify the buzz you feel now, but I'll take some water so it doesn't get out of hand."

"The sauna sounds good," I say. And it does.

"I was hoping you'd say that," Hemi confesses with a grin. "Be right back."

A couple of minutes later, Hemi returns with an ice bucket full of ice and an assortment of other things. He takes my hand and leads me down the hall and through a door. The hardwoods turn to beautiful travertine tiles that lead into a short corridor that's filled with big pots filled overflowing with exotic plants. I can smell chlorine, so I know the pool is close.

Hemi stops in front of a solid wood door with a tiny window at the top. He fiddles with a dial on the wall and then sets the bucket down.

"Have you ever been in a sauna before?"

I shake my head. "No, but I know what they are."

"Then you know they're hot and humid. And we'll sweat."

"I know."

"So it's better to go in with no clothes on."

I feel like smiling and moaning at the same time. Something about Hemi's face and his voice and this night is pleasing to me in so many ways, I'm almost confused by the onslaught of feelings and anticipation.

"Well, it's not like you haven't seen me naked before."

His eyes darken, from cool blue to dark, steamy midnight. "How can I forget?" He reaches for the hem of my shirt. "Let me help you," he says, raising the material.

Hemi pulls my shirt over my head and drops it onto the floor. Beneath it, because of the cut of my top, I'm wearing a strapless bra. Hemi's eyes rove over me like I'm wearing nothing. Taking me by the shoulders, Hemi turns me to face the door and presses me up against it, raising my arms above my head, palms flat against the wood.

I feel his fingers tickle down my sides, skating to the center of my back to release the clasp of my bra. I gasp when he runs his hands up my stomach and cups my br**sts where they're smashed between bra and door. I groan and arch my back. When he moves his hands away, taking my bra with it, he leans into me, pressing my naked skin against the cool wood of the door. I gasp. "Does that make your ni**les hard? The cold door against that hot skin of yours?"

He doesn't wait for an answer. And I don't give him one. I'm too focused on his hands as they travel back down my sides, to the edge of my shorts.

When Hemi's tongue touches my back, I lean further into the door for support. He licks all the way down my spine as he drops to his knees behind me. His fingers curl in the waistband of my shorts, dragging the material over my hips and down my legs, leaving me standing before him in only my panties and heels.

"You have a mouthwatering ass," he groans, stroking one cheek with his tongue and then biting it lightly. I exhale, feeling more lightheaded than I did when we arrived. He eases the silk of my panties to the floor, running his hands back up the insides of my thighs. "And the most beautiful legs I've ever seen." His hands stop just shy of where I'm beginning to ache. "Every time I look at you from behind, I want to come all over your ass and watch you shiver when it runs down between your legs. Like this," he says, pushing my legs apart to trace a path from the base of my spine to the tops of his fingertips. But he stops when he's so close. So close...

I feel a whimper build at the back of my throat.

"But not yet," he says, dragging his hands slowly away, leaving me feeling empty and unsatisfied.

Hemi pulls me away from the door and opens it. A gush of steam wafts out from the sweetly scented interior. "Have a seat. I'll be right in."

I kick off my shoes and step inside the sauna, moving to the wide top ledge and sitting primly on the edge. When I look back toward the door, it's to see Hemi stripping off his clothes and grabbing the ice bucket. His movements are quick as he steps into the sauna and turns to close the door behind him. It's when he faces me, the ice bucket and some towels tucked against his hip, that I see what true masculine perfection Hemi possesses.

I've seen him mostly naked before anyway, at the beach and then again in the hotel. But to be able to look my fill, to see him standing before me wearing nothing but an intense look and the ink that I've helped apply to his skin is breathtaking.

My eyes travel from his square jaw to his wide shoulders and down his muscular arms. I make note of his flat, rippled stomach and his lean hips before my eyes pause on the excited appendage nestled between them.

I've seen a naked man in real life before, but never one like this. Never one so amazingly constructed. Or so...big. It gives me a thrill that Hemi is excited, very obviously so. His erection is long and thick and lies firmly against his lower abdomen, stretching all the way to his navel. My mouth goes dry just thinking about him trying to fit that inside me, but my body aches for him to try. And soon.

My gaze skims Hemi's strong thighs before returning to his. "Don't worry, little girl," Hemi says hoarsely, "I'll show you how to use it before the night's over with."

Heat gushes to the throb between my legs and I nod.

I watch as Hemi sets the bucket on the first ledge and kneels at my feet. He spreads out three thick towels on the wooden seat beside me. "Lie back on these. They're softer," he says, tucking one under his knees, too. When I do as he says, he reaches for the bucket, taking a bottle of water from inside it and twisting off the top. He takes a sip then throws a little on the hot coals, causing a burst of steam to fill the room. Then he turns back to me. Hemi holds the bottle to my lips and I lean up onto my elbows. "Drink. I don't want you to get dehydrated."

Doing as I'm told, I close my lips around the end of the bottle. Hemi tilts it up just enough that the cool liquid touches my tongue and then he lowers it. It tastes incredible-cold and refreshing, especially in contrast to the hot environment.

"More?" he asks. I nod and he tips up the bottle again, this time further, so I can get a bigger drink.

Liquid spills from the corner of my mouth and dribbles down my chest, leaving a cool trail behind it. I gasp at the shock of it.

"Cold?" he asks. I nod again.

Dipping his head, Hemi puts his tongue to where the drop stopped half way down my stomach and he licks its wet trail all the way back up to my throat.

"More?" he asks.

I nod yet again.

Hemi holds the bottle of water over my mouth without letting it touch my lips. He pours some onto my waiting tongue then lets some splash onto my collarbone. I suck in a breath as Hemi moves the bottle further, tipping it up and letting cool water cascade over my puckered nipple. It runs down my stomach to the crease of my thigh.

Pressing his lips to my chest, Hemi follows the liquid trail, licking his way down to my nipple and pulling it into his mouth. "Mmmm, doesn't feel cold to me," he murmurs around my flesh, sending chills down my arm. He gives my nipple one hard suck, letting it pop out of his mouth as he moves on down my stomach. "Let me check elsewhere."

Hemi's lips and tongue make their way down my body to the crease where my hip and leg meet. He delves his tongue deep into it, following it in toward the apex of my legs. I feel the heat of his mouth against my skin and I spread my thighs, craving closer contact. Craving Hemi.

"This isn't cold at all," he whispers. "But if you're hot...and you need it to be cold..."

Reaching into the bucket, Hemi takes an ice cube and puts it in his mouth. I see him hold it there for a few seconds before the action of his throat tells me he swallowed. Then, parting my legs farther and using the fingers of one hand to spread my folds, he bends his head.

Pleasure floods me when he touches his cool tongue to me, swirling it over my clit and then down to thrust it inside me. It feels like he's touching me with wet ice, burning-cold, wet ice. "God, I love the way you taste. Sweet, like honey."

Hemi reaches beside him for the water bottle. Holding it over me, he pours cool water between my legs, letting it run all the way down before he laps it up with his tongue. The hot and the cold, the trickle of the water and the pressure of his tongue, I'm about to spiral out of control when I feel Hemi's fingers, cool from the ice, enter me. Just once. One sharp thrust and then he withdraws them.

"You're so tight," he says against me. "And I'm gonna stretch you so much tighter," he moans, bending back to me, his lips and tongue devouring me while he penetrates me again with his fingers. "This first time, I won't go deep. I don't want to hurt you. But the next time? Next time, I'll show you no mercy. And you'll love me for it."

Hemi's words are a better aphrodisiac than anything in that club. They seep into my body and heat it up from the inside, making me writhe beneath his skilled mouth.

My body is awash with sensation-his cool tongue slipping in and out of me; his lips as they suck my flesh into his mouth; his teeth as he rakes them gently over me. And his fingers when they push deep into me.

Then he's picking up my hips, holding me in his palms, up to his mouth. Feasting between my spread legs.

Sound fades, like it's receding into a tunnel. Breath catches, like it's been consumed by a vacuum. Eyes close, as if pleasure is pulling the shades on my vision. And then, under Hemi's exquisitely agonizing touch, I fly up through the ceiling and out into the night, breaking apart and falling back down to Earth in a million tiny pieces.

I'm not even aware of burying my fingers in his hair. Or holding his head to me. Or moving my body against his mouth. Or screaming his name over and over again. I can only feel. Feel Hemi.

When he sets my hips back down, I look down. Hemi takes one of my legs and lifts it, rolling me slightly onto my side. He tucks my calf under his arm and moves in over my other leg, settling between them. I watch, fascinated, as he guides his thick head to my entrance. I feel it there, my body sucking at it as Hemi moves it in small circles, round and round, slightly in and back out again. I'm helpless to make him slide farther in. I'm forced to wait, anticipation curling every muscle in my body into a tight fist.

I feel the difference in the way he slips in and out of me in those shallow strokes, barely penetrating my entrance. I can feel how slippery he is now, coated in my desire. He eases it up, moving it between my folds, rubbing the slick head over my clitoris, making me breathless all over again. I feel a tightness in my chest. Maybe a whimper. Or a moan. Or a plea.

"Mmm, you like that, don't you? Can you feel how wet you are? Can you feel how slippery my c**k is?" I make a strangled sound. It's all I can muster at the moment. "That's all you, baby. This time, when you come, I want that dripping off my balls. I want to feel it pouring out of you onto me."

"Please, Hemi," I manage. I don't even know what I'm asking for. I just know I need something. And I need it now.

Air and sound and my heart jam up in my chest when Hemi moves back down to my entrance.

"I don't want to hurt you, but I'm probably going to. But only for a second."

"Do it. Now. Please."

With one sharp flex of his hips, Hemi enters me and then he goes completely still. I feel a tearing pain that radiates into my thighs. It lasts for a few long heartbeats. Hemi doesn't move. Neither do I. Finally, the pain eases into an incredibly, pleasurably full sensation.

I wasn't aware of squeezing my eyes shut until I open them and look down at Hemi. He's perfectly still, the veins in his neck standing out in his efforts not to move. I look down to where our bodies are joined. I see most of him is still not inside me, but the sight of such an intimate connection gets me excited all over again.

I feel my body twitch around him, then I feel an answering throb from where part of him is inside me. "Ffff-" Hemi hisses through his gritted teeth, throwing his head back and growling for a second. "Don't do that."

"Don't do what?" I ask.

"Don't move yet. I don't want to hurt you."

"You're not hurting me. I want you to move," I confess, feeling the urge to swivel my hips against him. I don't fight it. I just go with it.

"Grrr," Hemi snarls, the fingers of one hand biting into my raised leg. "Sloane."

I feel him inside me, hot and thick. And I want more.

"Please, Hemi. I want more. I want all of you. Inside me. All the way."

Hemi glares at me. For a second, I think he must hate me. But then, he nudges his hips forward a little more and his expression eases into one of pained pleasure.

"How does that feel?" he asks.

"It feels so good," I pant, angling my hips to accept more of him.

"Oh, God!" he groans, withdrawing and then thrusting a little farther in. "You're so tight. Oh. God."

He sounds like an animal, snarling and growling, but it doesn't scare me. I want his claws. And his teeth. I want his wildness.

"Hemi, put your c**k in me, all the way," I say, instinctively.

"Oh God...damn...that mouth."

After a short pause, I hear his breath hiss through his teeth just before he gives in. To me. And then he gives me what I want.

Hemi eases back a few inches and then slams his body into mine, stealing my breath. I feel him all the way into my abdomen. He stretches me to a pleasure-pain place that I never want to leave.

"Hemi...more!" He rotates his hips and I feel the tension within me increase exponentially. "Just like that. I want it just like that."

"You want my cock?" he asks through gritted teeth. "I'm gonna give you my cock. I'm gonna give it to you so hard, you'll feel it all week. Every time you close your eyes, you'll feel me coming all up inside you."

As he speaks, he works his body into mine, harder and deeper, winding me up like a pocket watch. It's when his free hand finds my clit again that I tumble over the edge, my body squeezing and pulsing around him.

I'm panting and nearly blinded by pleasure as Hemi rolls me onto my back, pulling my hips to the edge of the ledge. He presses his palms to the insides of my thighs, spreading my legs wide and easing back into me.

Each thrust sends me toppling over a new wave of pleasure, prolonging my orgasm until I'm nearly crazy with it. "Can you take it deep, baby?"

I nod, unable to speak past my dry lips.

Hemi slides his hands up the backs of my legs, folding my thighs onto my chest as he leans over me.

"Good, 'cause I wanna bury my c**k deep. So. Deep." When he withdraws and plunges into me, I wonder for a moment that I might die from the pleasure of it. Just when I think there is nothing better, no more to experience from his body, he drives me to a new level. "And then you're gonna watch me come. On you. All on you."

Hemi slams into me two more times and then I hear him moan into the small, hushed room. Quickly, he pulls out of me, spreading my legs as he guides the slick and swollen head to my clitoris. I watch with fascination as he winds his fingers around the wide base of his shaft and arches his back, spurting hot fluid onto me.

I find myself panting as I watch him. It's so naughty, so intimate. Hemi pumps his hips, squirting until there's nothing left. I glance up at his face. His eyes are warm and intense. And then I feel his fingers. I look down to see him rubbing them over me. "This," he says, wetting three fingertips on me, "is mine." On the last word, he slips those three digits down and into me. "All mine. Next time, I'll come inside you. I'll fill you up with me. All of me."

Already, even when I feel so sated, I can't wait. I can't wait until the next time he touches me, kisses me, puts his fingers or his tongue or...anything he wants into me.

CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR - Hemi

Gently, I let Sloane's legs fall. I drag my fingertips over her smooth skin and feel the blood rush back into my dick. I could go again, but I won't do that to her. She'll be sore as it is.

"Are you okay?" I ask when she groans a little.

"I don't think I've ever been better," she replies, her voice soft and sleepy.

I smile. "Yet." She turns her head and smiles at me. "But I won't prove my point tonight. Tonight, we'll get cleaned up and go watch a movie in bed. And order pizza. How does that sound?"

"That sounds like heaven," she replies.

I give her a peck on her lips as I straighten and reach for the open water bottle. I pour what's left onto one corner of the towel and use it to gently wipe between her legs. She flinches at first.

"You don't have to do that," she says, clamping her thighs shut on my hand.

"I don't mind."

"No, seriously, you don't have to do that."

I look up at her face. I can see the color in her cheeks. I lean forward, kissing her nose and her forehead and then brushing my lips over hers. "There's no reason for you to be embarrassed. I've kissed and licked and sucked and touched every square inch of your body. Why would it bother you for me to clean you up?"

She shrugs, relaxing her legs a little. "I don't know. I guess I'm just...embarrassed."

"But why?"

She won't meet my eyes. "I'm sure this isn't a mess you have to worry about with the other women you've been with."

I stop and give her my full attention. "Sloane, not only did we just have some kick-ass sex, but you gave me something that you've never given to anyone. I know how special that is. And you need to understand that it was special for me, too. I've never taken someone's virginity. I've never even wanted to. But with you, I did. I wanted to take it. I wanted to be your first. I wanted you to be all mine. Just mine. I told you I was selfish and it seems that I'm only that much worse when it comes to you."

Sloane relaxes her legs and tilts her head to the side, watching me as I go back to work wiping blood off the insides of her thighs.

When I'm done, I fold the towel over and wipe off myself as well.

"Thank you," I hear her say quietly.

"For what?"

"For giving me this wonderful night."

"It's been one hundred percent my pleasure," I tell her honestly. Her smile widens and then dies slowly into nothing more than a gentle curve of her lips. It looks almost...sad. It's a look I've seen come over her face several times before and I always wonder what puts it there. But I never want to get involved enough to ask. This time, I nearly do.

Nearly.

But knowing what I've done and how Sloane would feel if she ever found out stops me.

"Come on," I say, taking her hands and pulling her into a sitting position. "Let's go upstairs and rinse off in the shower before we crawl into bed."

She nods but says nothing. We walk up the steps in silence, stopping only long enough for me to pitch the towels into the wash machine for Cicely when she comes on Monday.

Sloane heads down the hall toward the room she slept in last night, the room her things are in. I follow her through the door, only long enough to grab her two bags and take her hand again.

"This isn't your room anymore," I say simply, leading her back out into the hall and down two doors to the master. "You'll be staying in here. With me."

I don't give her a chance to argue. I set her things on the dresser and tug her on to the en suite bathroom where I turn on the shower and drag her with me into the warm spray.

Just for a few days, just while she's here, we can pretend that this is all about us. And that nothing else matters.

CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE - Sloane

The first thought I have when I open my eyes is that I'm in Hemi's bed. Where I spent the night. All night. Wrapped in his arms. Several times, I turned over on my side and, within seconds, he'd turn over and adjust to the way I was lying, curving his body around mine. It was the best, most comforting night I've ever spent. I've never felt safer. Or happier.

And, now, more worried.

I'm in love with Hemi. There's no sense even pretending that I'm not anymore. Does it change anything? No. I wish it did, but I don't think it will. Do I regret it? No again. I wouldn't trade last night for a thousand good-yet-lesser experiences. Whatever heartache comes, it was worth it. It was all worth it. However long I may live, I'll have this time. And like Sarah said, I plan to enjoy every second of it.

Carefully, I turn my head on the pillow to look at Hemi's gorgeous face, relaxed and a little more boyish in sleep. It gives me the opportunity to study him unnoticed, so I do. It doesn't take me long to realize that, in wakefulness, Hemi is extremely intense. Everything about him from the sharpness of his eyes to the squareness of his jaw to the firm set of his mouth is intense. But now, lying here resting beside me, he just looks handsome. And a little more fragile. He seems invincible, bigger than life when he's awake. But now, he looks like a mere mortal, vulnerable and woundable.

I glance down at his bare chest and the ribs exposed to my eyes. I wonder again who has wounded him in life, what events have shaped the sad and bitter edge to his personality. He hides it well, but it's there. I notice it because I have one, too. Again, everyone has their secrets. Hemi included.

I hear my phone buzz from my purse somewhere toward the end of the bed. As easily as I can, I slip out from under Hemi's arm and tip toe to get it before it wakes him.

It's Dad.

I walk down the hall to the room I slept in that first night, pulling the door shut behind me before I answer.

"Hey, Dad."

"Why is your car still at that tattoo dump?"

"Dad, it's not a dump. It's a very nice shop, actually."

"Young lady, don't test me."

"I'm just saying. And if you want to know the truth, I rode home with Hemi last night. I mean, we are staying at the same house, you know."

He grunts. There's nothing he can say. He just doesn't like not being in control of every little detail.

I smile.

Welcome to my adulthood, Dad!

"How're things coming? Any progress?"

I mentally cross my fingers, toes, arms, legs and eyes, hoping it might take ten years for them to find out anything useful. Of course, that's selfish on my part. I want to stay with Hemi as long as I can. As long as he'll have me.

Thinking of being selfish makes me think of last night, which makes me flush, which makes me squirm, which makes me want to get off the phone with my father.

"We're making head way. Nothing for you to worry about."

"Just be careful."

"We always are. I should be telling you to be careful."

"I'm not in any danger, Dad."

"I'm not so sure of that," he mutters.

I ignore that little dig. "Well, keep me posted."

"What are you doing today?"

I bite my lip as I think about breakfast. I've never felt so much pressure about a meal, never felt like it was more important. "I don't know yet. I may end up at Sarah's later. But then I'll be at the shop tonight."

"I hope this career pays off. You sure are having to put in a lot of hours."

"It will, Dad. It will."

If I make minimum wage for the rest of my life, it would still be worth it to have this time with Hemi.

"Be smart. Call me later."

"I will. I love you."

"Love you, too."

When I poke my head around the door to Hemi's room, I see that the bed is empty. I walk on in, grabbing some shorts and a t-shirt from my bag as I pass. Hemi's not in the bathroom, which makes me think he's already downstairs.

I debate whether or not to take a shower and get ready and just tell him, in a super casual way, that I've got plans with Sarah and then just leave. I don't want to make this uncomfortable for either of us. I know he said he wanted me to stay, but still... I remember that conversation. I know how he feels about breakfast.

Still naked, I'm standing at the foot of the bed, staring at it, lost in thought when Hemi wraps his arms around me from behind. I yelp and jump like I've been shot.

"Just so you know, nudity in this house is considered to be an open invitation. So, at this point, you've got two choices. You can get dressed, preferably in something ridiculously skimpy or nearly transparent, and come downstairs to eat or you can get back in bed and prepare to be ravaged." I smile and start to answer, but he cuts me off. "I should warn you, however, that either way, before lunch you will be naked and back in bed, being ravaged. At least once. So feel free to postpone it if you need food."

I'm inordinately pleased to see him in this kind of mood, speaking not only of breakfast but of spending the day with me. At least up to lunch. "How can you think about food when we ate all that pizza last night?"

"I plan to work it all off. With you. I consider it an investment. In my stamina." His grin is wicked and more stunning than anything I've ever seen.

"Well, in that case, I suppose I need to eat a little something so I can keep up. I mean, far be it for me to fall behind to an old man like yourself."

One dark brown brow shoots up and he moves over to me, wrapping his arm around my waist and pulling me in snug against his body. "I'd be happy to show you just how...spry I am," he says, sliding his palm down to my lower back and pressing me into him.

"Oh, I'll probably never forget how...spry you are," I admit, already feeling warm and moist and breathless.

Although there is still heat in his eyes, something else sweeps across his face. Something that makes my stomach feel jittery and my chest feel tight.

With hope.

"Then my mission is accomplished. I don't want you to forget. Ever."

I don't know what to say. I don't want to say too much, or say anything that might cause him to back off, so I simply smile, keeping all my hopeful, chaotic thoughts to myself.

With a slap to my bare butt, Hemi steps back, shaking off whatever mood overcame him for those few seconds, and heads for the door. "You've got five minutes or I'm coming back up here."

I salute him as he backs out the door. He winks at me as he turns the corner. My heart flops around in my chest like a fish and, with shaking fingers, I pull on my clothes.

When I enter the kitchen, it's to be greeted with the most amusing sight I've ever seen. Hemi's standing at the huge island with his back to me, piling two plates high with every kind of breakfast food imaginable.

"How many people are you feeding?" I ask as I come up behind him.

"I wasn't sure what you liked, so I just fixed everything I had."

"You didn't tell me you could cook," I say, moving around to the other side of the counter.

"I can't, but I can microwave like a son of a bitch," he declares with a grin.

Now that I'm in front of him, I can see that he's wearing a bright red apron that loops around his bare neck and says I'VE GOT YOUR SAUSAGE across the front. I can't help but smile.

"So what all did you microwave us?"

"Bacon, country ham, Texas toast sandwiches, hash browns, and mini quiches. Oh and I toasted, too. That's another fool proof appliance."

"Wow, you went all out," I tease.

"I did, mainly because bagels are nasty cold and waffles are soggy microwaved."

"Soggy waffles. Gross."

"Exactly. So they got toasted." Hemi dusts off his hands and throws another package into the trash before he carries the plates around to my side of the island, setting one in front of me and taking the next seat as his own. "Besides, you're worth it. I'd clean out my freezer for you, baby," he says with a grin.

"You say the sweetest things," I reply with a flutter of my eyelashes.

"I've got more where that came from. Just wait until I tell you all about my meats. I have a very healthy supply of meat."

He waggles his eyebrows and I laugh out loud as I snap off a bite of crispy bacon.

Hemi watches me chew for several seconds, his own amusement fading into something a little more sincere. "Good?"

"Very. Thank you for fixing me breakfast," I say, tucking a stray hair behind my ear nervously. "I know... I mean I didn't expect you to..."

Hemi sighs. "Sloane, can we just pretend that conversation didn't happen? This is different. I wasn't talking about you. I was...I meant...this is just different. You're different."

I try to turn the dial back on my smile so that I don't look too goofily overjoyed by his words. "Really?"

"Yes. You're not some woman I fu - slept with and am trying to get rid of."

"I'm not?"

"No. You're not. And I think you know that."

His eyes are steady on mine. Still, I'm afraid to hope for too much. But I'm not too afraid to stick around and find out.

Live, no regrets.

We are so much alike in so many ways. Maybe all we need is each other...

"You should hurry up and eat," I say as I nibble a warm cinnamon bagel.

One dark brow rises, making the silver stud that pierces it sparkle in the sunlight streaming through the window. "And why is that?"

I reach over and tug at the apron he's still wearing. "You owe me some sausage."

Hemi glances down at the apron and then back up to me, his lips curving into a cocky grin. "Oh I've got your sausage."

With hands as quick as any snake's strike, Hemi reaches over and drags me into his lap, crushing my lips with his. When we're both panting and electricity is buzzing between us, he raises his head. "You're awfully good at this to be a virgin."

"I'm a fast learner. And I have a very good teacher," I say, pulling his mouth back to mine. I taste a hint of syrup on his tongue when he eases it between my lips. I'm barely aware of him standing and setting me on the island. It's not until I feel my bare br**sts brush the smooth skin of his chest that I realize I'm already half naked in his kitchen. And I'm loving every minute of it.

CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX - Hemi

"Just look into it," I tell Reese, glancing over my shoulder again to make sure Sloane's nowhere around. After a marathon morning of sex, I left her in the shower to clean up before we head to the studio later this afternoon. My plan is to go in early so we can leave. I've got plans for us this evening. I've got plans for her.

Reese sighs. "I don't know why you're so plagued with doubt all of a sudden. You're the one that's been so gung-ho about this from the beginning."

"Damn, Reese! What the hell should I be? He was my brother. He was your brother, too. You should've been just as determined as me to see this shitbag found and brought to justice."

"I am. What do you think I've been doing all this time? Twiddling my thumbs? Just because you were closer to Ollie doesn't mean I care any less."

It's my turn to sigh. "I know. I'm just...I'm just frustrated, I guess. I don't want to be wrong about this. And I'm beginning to think I am. I mean, Tumblin was the street the guy lived on. That's pretty thin as far as evidence goes. What if Locke isn't the right guy?"

"Then IA will figure it out. All we did was point 'em in the right direction. We didn't convict the guy, Hemi."

"Someone shot up his house for God's sake! If we had anything to do with that, we might as well have convicted and sentenced him."

"That was never an intended outcome and you know it."

"But you knew it was a possibility."

"So did you," he reminds me flatly.

And I did. At the time, I didn't give a shit. I just wanted revenge. But now that Sloane's involved...

Movement behind the glass doors that lead from the pool area, where I am, back into the house catches my eye. When my eyes adjust to looking past the glare, there's nothing there. Just my own reflection. And my paranoia. And my guilt.

"Look, I just want to make sure this goes down the right way. That's all. See to it, okay, Reese?"

"You're a bossy little bastard, but I know you're heart's in the right place," he says gruffly. "Stop worrying. It'll all work out. Trust in the system."

"The system that didn't catch our brother's killer? The system that breeds dirty cops like fluffy bunnies?"

Reese's laugh is bitter. As bitter as I feel. "Yeah, that one."

"I'll work on it," I reply acerbically.

"You do that. In the meantime, just let things run their course."

"I'll try. But if it puts Sloane in danger, I'll have to do something."

"Well, good luck with that."

"Hey, I've been tiptoeing all this time. These ass**les don't want to see me when I come out of hiding."

"That's probably true. They've never seen your temper before."

"Or my resources. We can't forget who we are, Reese."

"You're the only one that's ever tried."

"I'm not trying to forget who I am. I was just lying low so I wouldn't draw any attention."

"Don't get lost in this charade you're playing."

"It's not a charade. This is who I am."

"Not completely. Who you really are is somewhere in between. And that guy will find his way to the surface eventually. Remember that as you make these...relationships that seem to be so important to you now."

"I haven't forgotten anything, Reese. And who I am has no bearing on my relationships."

The doubt in his voice is plain. "Whatever you say."

That irritates me. In fact, this whole conversation irritates me. I don't have to explain myself to my brother. I don't have to explain myself to anyone.

"Keep me posted," I say sharply. "I've gotta go."

"Tasty little jail-bait piece of ass calling?"

"Don't be a dick, Reese. She's not jail bait and she's not a piece of ass."

"So you're not sleeping with her? You're not sleeping with the enemy?"

"She's not the enemy."

"She's the sister of the enemy. Close enough."

"We don't know for sure about her brother yet."

"No, you don't know for sure about the brother. But you were damn sure when you told me you found him, weren't you?"

"Everybody makes mistakes."

"Especially you, right Hemi?"

"Fuc-"

The click of the phone interrupts what I wanted most to say to Reese.

CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN - Sloane

As I put mascara on my eyelashes, a million questions run through my mind. And, following them, a million rationalizations. And a million excuses that I'm making for Hemi. Anything to keep me from drawing the most obvious conclusion.

For the last fifteen minutes, I've been telling myself that I only heard part of the conversation. Hemi could've been talking about anyone or anything. It doesn't necessarily have to be as bad as it sounded.

But it sounded pretty damn bad.

My stomach is turned in on itself, balled up into a tight knot of apprehension. Although I still believe everyone is entitled to their secrets, this isn't something I can let go. I'll have to ask some questions. I have to know-beyond the shadow of a doubt-if I heard what I'm afraid I heard. I have to know if Hemi had something to do with the attack on my brother, on my house, on my family.

A fist of fear and dread squeezes my already-quivering guts. Some part of me refuses to believe that it could be true. But another part, a more suspicious part, looks at all the strange things, all the inconsistencies, and it wonders...

And I can't live with that kind of wonder. And doubt. It would eat away at me until there's nothing left. No, Hemi is going to have to answer some questions or I'll be forced to take measures.

I close my eyes against my reflection, unwilling to even consider what "measures" might be.

********

I'm trying to act as natural as possible. I have no idea if I'm a convincing actress or not, and Hemi's expression gives nothing away.

"Thank you again for letting me stay with you," I begin, being as nonchalant as I can be.

Hemi glances over at me and grins. "Oh trust me, it's been my pleasure."

I feel my face flush as I react to him. It seems my body doesn't care what the hell he may or may not be involved in.

I laugh nervously.

"Your house is beautiful. You must make really good money as a manager."

Hemi shrugs noncommittally.

That got me nowhere, so I decide to try another tack.

"Do you have family around here?"

"None that lives close. They're kinda all over the place."

"Really? Like where?"

Hemi slides me a glance. I can't decide if it's suspicious or if it's just my imagination.

"All over."

"Are you from around here originally?"

"No."

"Where did you grow up?"

"Chicago."

"Oh, that's interesting. Tell me about it. Tell me about your family."

His look is openly wary now. "What's this about, Sloane?"

"They're just questions, Hemi. Innocent questions about your family. About your life. Can't I get to know you better?"

He deflects, calling upon his ever-present charm and sexual charisma to do it. "I think you know me very well."

I turn in my seat, suddenly feeling frustrated. "Why are you so secretive? These are just simple, innocent questions."

"Are they?" he tosses back.

"Of course," I proclaim, shifting my eyes away from his, unable to tell the little white lie with him staring at me. "Why wouldn't they be?"

"Who do you think you're fooling, Sloane?"

"I don't know what you mean."

"Yes, you do. And you're a terrible liar."

He's right, of course, which leaves me with only one choice-to be direct.

"I heard you on the phone, Hemi."

A dead silence fills the interior of the car. Finally, after what feels like an eternity, I hear Hemi hiss an explicative under his breath. My heart sinks. It seems like he didn't want me to hear that conversation. And if he didn't, that means he had something to hide in it. From me, specifically.

My pulse picks up as I consider the very real possibility that Hemi is the enemy. Sharp talons sink their lethal tips into my chest and tear.

"Please tell me I misunderstood, Hemi. Please," I whisper, my throat closing around a ball of emotion lodged there.

"Sloane, you have to understand that I never did any of this to hurt you."

Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit.

I lean forward in the seat, laying my chest on my thighs and my forehead against my knees. Somewhere in the back of my mind, the part that can think beyond the pain I'm feeling right now, I say to myself that this is over. Over in the worst possible way.

"What did you do, Hemi?" I say, squeezing my eyes shut and rocking forward. "What did you do?"

I'm barely aware of the sound of gravel as Hemi pulls off the main road. I'm barely aware of the feel of the car slowing around me. I'm barely aware of the taste of tears as they slide down my cheeks and over my lips.

"I have three brothers. Harrison is thirty. We call him Reese. I'm the next oldest. Haliefax is twenty-five. We call him Leif. And Hollander. Ollie. He'd be twenty-four if he were still here." Hemi pauses, his voice breaking on some unimaginable pain. "But he's not. He died. Just over two years ago."

I want to empathize with him. And, to some degree, I do. But right now, I'm so devastated over what I feel is coming down the pipe, I am almost numb. Numb to Hemi's pain. So I let him talk, uninterrupted.

"My last name is Spencer. Hemsworth Spencer. My father is Henslow Spencer."

Instantly, it clicks together in my head. "Henslow Spencer? As in the oil magnate Henslow Spencer?"

Hemi's laugh is not pleased or proud. It's bitter. "Yeah, that's the one."

At first, I'm stunned. Hemi is the Henslow Spencer's son? How can he hide so effectively?

But that question is drowned by my second thought. It's with an agonizing pain that my heart breaks for my brother. And my family. Whatever is happening here, whatever is going on, my blue-collar family won't stand a chance against it. Justice works one way for people like Henslow Spencer. Theirs.

Still, I say nothing. At this point, I don't even know what to say.

Hemi continues. "I spent the first twenty-five years and some odd months of my life being a spoiled, selfish rich kid who had nothing more important to do with his days than jet set around the globe and spend my family's money. Women, drugs, alcohol, gambling, racing, anything and everything you can think of that had even the smallest chance of making me feel good-or feel at all-I did it. As much as I wanted, any time I wanted, with no one to tell me no. No one to tell me to stop. No one to tell me to do something with my life, or to call me a pathetic prick. The world was my oyster. Just like it was my brother's. Ollie learned it all from watching me.

"Reese is driven. Always has been. Ollie would've learned to take over the world if he'd been close to Reese. And Leif, he's a damn extreme sports junkie. Ollie would've at least been killed in some...better way if he'd been close to Leif. But he wasn't. He was closest to me. Maybe because we were more alike. I don't know. But he learned from the best. Or the worst, rather. And it got him killed."

As lost in my own devastating disappointment as I am, I can't help but be drawn into Hemi's story, into his past, into his pain. I sit up, wiping my face as I lean back against the front seat and watch him from the corner of my eye. He's stiff behind the steering wheel, his fingers curled around it so tightly his knuckles are white. Like he's trying to strangle it, trying to punish it for the things he's seen.

"I was out of the country and Ollie was looking to score some coke. He was in Atlanta and one of his friends knew a guy who knew a guy who knew a guy. Said he could get 'em some shit the police had confiscated from Bolivia. Ollie didn't ask questions. He knew two things: He was a Spencer and money talks. He learned that from me, too. But neither one could save him from whatever that coke was cut with. It killed him within seconds."

The mosaic of my mind, filled with so many disconnected, wildly-colored pieces, begins to shift, slowly taking shape, taking the shape of a picture that might possibly be even more devastating than the confusing individual pieces.

The words come out in an incredulous whisper. "And you think my brother had something to do with it?"

For the first time since I lifted my head, Hemi turns toward me. I imagine the look on his face to be a shadowy reflection of what I feel in my soul-agony. Pure, unadulterated agony.

"God, Sloane, I didn't know what else to think! All the pieces fit. After over a year of searching and investigating and paying people off, the only information we could find about the supplier was that he had a connection to cops in this area and that he was known by two names: Locke and Tumblin. At first, yes, I thought I'd found the guy. But now...knowing you...I just...I just don't know how it could be him. I mean, seeing the way he protects you, how much he cares. How could that guy do something that would put you in so much danger? And why? Why would he risk it?"

"He wouldn't!" I declare vehemently. "Steven would never do something like that!"

I feel desperate to make him see, make him understand how wrong he is. I have to make him believe that Steven isn't the man he's looking for. I have to make him call off whatever things have been set in motion before my brother gets killed.

"I realized there's a chance I could be wrong. That's why I've been talking to my brother about finding out more. As much as we can before it gets out of hand."

"Hemi, you have to make this stop. Oh, God! I can't lose my brother. You have to make this right, Hemi. Please. I know Steven. He could never do something like that. Never."

I feel hysteria crowding in on me, clouding rational thought. My breathing is coming too fast, my head getting too light. I'm shaking by the time Hemi's fingers wrap around my upper arms.

"Sloane, I'm trying. I'm doing everything I can to-"

"Like what?" I shout, tearing my arms out of his grasp. "Like making secret calls to your brother than won't do a damn thing for mine? Is that what you mean?" Hemi reaches for me again. I cringe away from him, shrinking back against the car door. "Don't touch me! I can't believe I ever let you touch me! You knew all this, you knew what you were doing to me, to my family and I let you...let you..." I can't even finish the sentence. "You said you'd give me the truth, but all I got were your pretty lies, you bastard!"

Scrambling to get my purse from the back seat, I leap out of the car, frantic to get as far away from Hemi as I can. Blinded by tears, tears of heartache and shame and betrayal, I start to walk in the direction of town. Like he's calling to me from a tunnel, I hear Hemi's voice. It's drawing closer and closer, so I walk faster and faster until I'm running. Running through the gravel and dust, running through the helplessness and hopelessness.

"Sloane, stop! Please, let me finish!" I feel Hemi's hands again, this time dragging me to a stop. "I never meant to hurt you. I swear to God, I didn't."

I whirl on him, fire in my vision, spitting from my eyes like drops of blood. "You're going to stand here and tell me that you had no idea you were putting his life in danger? With an accusation like this? If only one dirty cop mentioned it to the right person, you didn't think it might end in him getting hurt?"

"Sloane, I didn't know...I mean, I knew there was a chance, but I never really thought anyone would come after him. And that was a long time ago. In the very beginning. When I was just getting to know you."

It's as the last syllable is drifting off into the wind that I realize why Hemi is even here with me right now. All this time, he's been using me to keep an eye on my brother, to get information, to get as close to him as he can without ever raising suspicion. He's used me to put my own family in danger. And I've gone along with it.

Like my life is on rewind, I picture Hemi's hands on my body, his lips on my skin. I picture him laughing with me, caring for me, pretending with me. I picture him sharing small bits of his pain with me, all those precious seconds I thought he was getting close to opening up to me.

I cherished them.

I cherished him.

I cherished lies.

The tattoo on my hip burns me-a betrayal that is permanently embedded in my body, beneath my skin. The butterflies of my freedom are now the broken bodies of trampled trust and crushed hope. They flew too close to the sun and now they're being burned up, incinerated. They're dying the only death that a butterfly can-one that comes too soon.

"How could you?" I yell. My words melt into a scream, a long wail of soul deep agony, torn from me like my heart is being torn from my chest.

It was all a lie.

"Oh, God, Sloane, please. I'm so sorry. I swear to you...I promise you that I...I never-"

"Stop it! Stop talking! I don't want to hear your words anymore. Your promises, your truth...it's all bullshit. I don't believe any of them. I just want you to leave me and my family the hell alone." I wrench free of him a second time. "Go away, Hemi. Just go away."

I hate that my voice breaks on the last part, my heartache showing through. But it's with a stiff, straight spine and a head held high that I walk away from Hemi, leaving him behind.

I walk until I don't hear him following me anymore. It's only then that I look back. I expect to see him gone, already having driven out of my life like I asked him to.

Coward! Bastard!

But when I glance behind me, I see Hemi standing just where I left him-in the gravel, under the sun, alongside the road. Across the distance, our eyes meet. His are full of guilt and regret and sadness. I push every other emotion down into the pit of my stomach so that mine show only anger. And hatred. And betrayal.

I hold his gaze as I take my phone from my pocket. Then, slowly, decisively, I turn and dial my brother's number. The brother that I know and trust and believe in. The brother who would never do anything to hurt me. I realize he might still be sleeping, but I need him to answer. I need him to prove me right. In front of Hemi. Even though he has no idea who I'm calling.

When he answers, I exhale and start walking again.

"Steven, I need a ride. Can you come get me?"

"Where's your car?"

"At the tattoo shop."

He sighs, but he doesn't argue. Because he loves me. And this is what people who love each other do-they help, never hurt. "Yeah, tell me where you are."

I give him my general location and the name of the gas station I know is a couple of miles up ahead.

"Give me twenty minutes," he says.

"I'll be waiting," I reply, trying to keep every bit of emotion out of my voice.

With one more deep, put-upon sigh, he hangs up. And I keep walking until, when I look back, I can't see Hemi anymore.

CHAPTER THIRTY-EIGHT - Hemi

I stand in the same spot, watching Sloane walk away until I can't see her anymore. Now, ten minutes later, I'm still standing here. Waiting.

I don't want to drive up to her, to keep pushing her when she needs the space. Hell, I don't blame her for her reaction. If I found out that someone I was sleeping with had endangered my family, however unintentionally, I'd be eleven kinds of pissed.

And she is. Rightfully so.

And I feel like shit. As much for putting the bull's eye on her brother's back as getting her house shot up. But the one thing that bothers me most, the one thing I was least expecting, is how much it hurts me to see the hate in her eyes. To see how betrayed she looked when she found out what I'd done. I'd give anything to take it all back and erase that look.

For two years, the most important thing in my life has been finding the dirty cop who sold my brother the bad drugs that killed him. But lately, for the first time since Ollie died, that has taken a back seat to something else. To someone else.

Sloane.

When did things get so different? When did she start to matter so much? When did I lose my edge, lose my focus?

None of those answers matter now. It's done. She hates me and she has every reason to.

The question is: Can I live with that? Can I live with her hate? Can I live without her?

When I finally turn away from the last place I saw Sloane before she disappeared over the horizon, I pull out my phone and punch in Reese's number. I get the voice mail.

"Reese, call me when you get this. I need you to have your friend look into something for me."

If Sloane's brother is innocent, I'll make it my mission in life to prove it. Until then, the only thing I can do is reach back into a life that I promised I'd never go back to. Not for any reason.

But that was before Sloane.

With steel resolve, I punch in a number that I'll probably never forget. When a familiar voice answers, I feel disgust rise in my throat like bitter bile. "Sebastian, it's Hemi. I need a favor."

CHAPTER THIRTY-NINE - Sloane

I have a hard time meeting Steven's eyes when I climb into the passenger seat.

"What the hell happened? How'd you end up out here?"

The backs of my eyes burn. With heartache, with shame, with humiliation.

"Steven," I begin, turning my head to stare out the window and let the tears fall as he drives toward The Ink Stain to let me get my car. "Did you know anything about some dirty cocaine being impounded a couple of years ago?"

"What kind of a question is that? I don't know anybody who works in narcotics except Duncan's dad. Why would I keep up with shit like that?"

I'm relieved at the speed of his answer, and how in character it is with his surly attitude. He doesn't seem defensive or act suspicious in any way. In my head, I curse Hemi for making me doubt him for even one millisecond.

"Is there any way you could've been connected to a bust that went down or something? Any way your name could've come up in association with something like that? Or with Duncan's dad?"

"Not that I can think of. What's this about, Sloane? Are you gonna tell me why I had to pick you up at a gas station, all alone, and now you're asking me bizarre questions?"

"Somewhere out there, someone thinks you had something to do with selling some rich kid bad coke. He ended up dying and no bust was ever made. Now his family thinks you had something to do with it. I think that's why you've been getting threats."

"I don't know where you get your information, Sloane, but the threats I've been getting are obviously a case of mistaken identity. They're from someone who...who..."

He trails off as if a light bulb just went off. "What, Steven? What is it?"

"One of the phone calls I got was from a burner phone. All it said was, 'We want our money'. I have no frickin' clue who it was or what money they thought I might owe 'em. That's why I didn't take it very seriously at first. It wasn't until they started threatening lives and shit that it got real."

"Steven, who could they have you confused with? How could something like this happen? Do you have any questionable friends? Informants? Anyone that could've implicated you without you knowing?"

"Not that I know of. But hell, Sloane, I'm a cop. A detective no less. I have to consort with the pond scum to some extent just to get information."

I'm running over the details in my mind, trying to shake something loose that might mean something. That's when I remember Hemi's odd question to me a few weeks ago.

"What about when you and Duncan lived on Tumblin Street? Did you have any run-ins with people that might've been involved in something like this? Did you make any enemies that might use some outlandish detail to make it seem like you were a dirty cop?"

Steven shakes his head. "No. For most of that time, we just laid low. Hell, we didn't even have any parties after those first few weeks."

"What about Duncan? Did he have any questionable friends?"

Steven shakes his head again. "No. He laid pretty low, too. In the beginning, I thought he had a girlfriend. I'd hear his car leaving at night sometimes. And he was awful damn happy during that time. I figured he was getting laid. A lot."

I feel the frown wrinkle my brow. My first thought is that Duncan is somehow involved. I don't know why, but something in my gut just jumped when Steven said that. The problem is, Duncan is Steven's partner. That's like some sort of weird sacred cop thing. You don't question your partner. You don't suspect them. You don't distrust them. You just give them your loyalty. Your unwavering loyalty. This is the person you trust with your life every single day out in the field. That blind faith is a very strong bond between partners and I know Steven won't take it well if I start casting suspicion on Duncan.

"Well, maybe something will turn up. We'll just have to keep our eyes open and our ears to the ground," I say, having every intention of talking to Dad about it later.

Steven laughs. "Oh really? And what connections, pray tell, do you think you have that might give your eyes or your ears a clue as to what might be going out there in the criminal underworld?"

I think immediately of Hemi. I don't ever plan to speak to him again, but little did Steven or I know that I was consorting with someone who has lots of secret ties to different people, not all harmless ones.

I think about Steven's reaction to Hemi and I amend my first thought. Maybe Steven did know. Maybe I should've trusted my brother more all along.

Maybe I don't have the good judgment to go and spread my wings. Maybe I was better off living my life in a cage.

********

My phone buzzes against my side. I don't even turn on the ringer anymore. It's depressing when it doesn't ring and it's depressing when it does.

I glance at the bright screen. I see Hemi's name and Hemi's number. Again. He's called at least six times every day since the day I got out of his car. And every day I ignore him. The first few times, he left messages. Short ones that said things like, "I'm sorry, Sloane" and "Please forgive me, Sloane." Nothing that really makes a difference. They're just words. Empty words.

Now he says nothing. He just waits for the voice mail to pick up and I hear silence.

I tuck the phone away where I can't see it or feel it. I close my eyes against the clock on my nightstand that says it's already eleven o'clock. And I'm still in bed.

I didn't go to school today. I couldn't. It's been almost a week and I still can't sleep. I can't think. I can't seem to face the world anymore. So I'm here. Waiting. For what, I don't know.

I drift in that space between sleep and wakefulness for another hour before the doorbell rings. Drowsily, I open my eyes and look at the clock again. I turn over and snuggle back down into the covers.

And the doorbell rings again.

With a growl, I throw back the blanket and stomp down the stairs to wrench open the door. I think for a second that my dad would kill me if he saw me forget to check the peep hole. Unlike him and my brothers, though, I'm hardly used to my life being in danger and of being suspicious of every single person I pass.

But this is no one to be afraid of. It's a woman. Dressed in a blue polo shirt with FLOWERS BY WANDA embroidered on the left breast.

"I've got a delivery for Sloane Locke," she says in her deep smoker's voice.

"I'll take it," I say, eyeing the enormous vase of lilies. I can smell them already.

The woman hands me the vase and then extends a clipboard. "Those are beautiful," she says as I tuck them into the bend of my arm and scribble my name on the paper.

"Thank you," I tell her, moving to shut the door.

"Have a great day," she throws over her shoulder as she turns to walk back down the sidewalk.

"It'll be shitty," I mutter, flipping closed the deadbolt. "Just like yesterday."

I set the vase of flowers on the never-used dining room table, taking out the card to glance at it. "I hope you'll find a way to forgive me. H."

I toss it beside the vase and make my way back up to my bedroom, wishing this day would be over already.

The next three days progress in much the same way. Each day I sleep in and each day the doorbell rings sometime in the late morning. It's always the same lady carrying a beautiful vase filled with an explosion of color and fragrance.

Every day she tells me the flowers are beautiful, and every day I sign my name and thank her. And every day, after that, I leave them on the dining room table with the rest. Card and all.

Today is Friday. For some reason my father is home from work. I know this because at seven thirty, he knocks at my door. "I'm sleeping in," I mutter from behind my pillow. I hear nothing for a second before I catch the sound of him turning and walking away.

I wake up hours later, my first thought being that it's nearly one in the afternoon and the doorbell hasn't chimed. Deep inside my chest, my heart breaks a little more than I thought was even possible. Today marks the day that Hemi gave up. Yesterday was how much he cared about me, how sorry he really was. But not today. Today marks the end. Today marks the day he gave up.

I'm still crying into my pillow when I hear the doorbell. My heart trips up into a little faster cadence as I listen to the muffled voices of Dad and a woman. I wait for a few minutes before I venture downstairs. My father is standing in front of the dining room table, staring at the vases full of gorgeous flowers of every color and variety. I notice the new vase right in front of him. It's holding at least two dozen pure white roses, and in the center, a single blood red one. I don't know what it means. It could mean anything. But for some reason, this single bud speaks more clearly than anything else has. It's as though Hemi knew his calls and his flowers were all white noise in the background of my hurt and disillusionment. But this is him screaming at me from the haze, telling me something I'm not sure I believe.

"What the hell is this, Sloane? Are you trying to open up a flower shop?" Dad asks when I reach around him to take the card from the clear little trident that holds it in place.

"Are you just now noticing these?" I ask in astonishment, looking up at him as I tear open the tiny envelope.

"I never come in here," he defends.

"Wow, some detective you turned out to be," I mumble teasingly.

It's the first time in days I've felt like talking to anyone, much less teasing.

"Watch it, smart ass," he says taking the card from my fingers. I lunge for it, but he holds it high above his head. Much too high for me to reach.

"Okay, I'm sorry. I was just playing, Dad. Now give me the card."

"No. I want to know what's going on. You're like a damn vampire, sleeping all day. You won't eat, you won't talk to anybody and you keep getting flowers."

"It's nothing, Dad. Nothing I can't handle." I'm still fighting being the protected little girl, even though sometimes I'd give anything for my father to pull me into his arms and tell me everything will be fine.

"I'm not stupid, Sloane. I know there was more between you two than just friendship. And I know a betrayal like that is hard, if not damn near impossible to get over. But you should try to put yourself in his shoes. Think about what lengths you'd go to in order to protect one of your brothers. And God forbid something happen to one. You act like you're not a Locke in some ways, like you don't understand why we treat you the way that we do, but if someone hurt one of us, you'd be a damn bear to deal with." I say nothing as I listen to him. He knows just enough of the situation to know Hemi's roll in looking for a dirty cop. Beyond that, I gave him very few details, other than that some things he'd discovered pointed to Steven. "Well," he continues when I say nothing, "I know I've always been hard on you, but I hope you know you can talk to me. I'm still your father and I love you more than anything."

"I know, Dad. And I love you, too," I reassure him. "And I'm fine. Really."

"Slo-ane," he warns.

"Da-ad."

"Are you still worried about Steven?" he asks, making me sigh.

"Maybe a little."

"You did what you had to do, what you thought was best in coming to me. He'll see that one day. Especially when I tell him what I found out today."

My ears perk up. "What? What did you find out today?"

As I wait for him to tell me, I notice the deep lines of worry etched into his forehead, the unhappy way his mouth is pulled at the corners. Whatever it is, it's not good news.

"There were a few kilos of bad coke confiscated by homicide during one of their investigations. It was a joint Narcotics/Homicide kind of thing. It was around that time, so I started looking into the impounded drugs. Turns out there are a couple of kilos missing. From the very back of the shelf, where no one would notice unless they were specifically looking. I checked into the log to see who all came and went during the six months after that evidence was logged in." He pauses, spreading the fingers of one hand over his forehead. "It shows Steven using his access card to go in. Half a dozen times."

I gasp. "What?" My heart is pounding so hard, it feels like it might explode.

"Don't get too excited now. This is your brother we're talking about. I checked the physical log to see what was signed in or out. Someone signed Steven's name as checking out an evidence file on a cold case he'd worked the year before. The thing is, it's not Steven's signature. I've kept this on the down low up until now, and I'm gonna try and keep it that way. I made a copy of the log sheet and I'm going to take it to one of the handwriting analysts the city uses for court cases. When I take this to Internal Affairs, I want the record to already show that the handwriting is forged. And then I'll be on this thing like stink on shit until I find the bastard who framed my son."

I can see fury emanating from him like steam. "Who would do this to him, Dad? And why?"

"Well, I have my suspicions." He looks at me meaningfully and, after a few seconds, I realize why he is dreading telling Steven what, at first, seemed like only good news.

The timing-when Steven lived with Duncan on Tumblin Street. The coincidence-Duncan leaving late at night on what Steven thought were trysts. The facts-someone was able to get Steven's access card, just long enough to use it to check out evidence from the lockers. And it would have to be a cop.

All things point to one person. My brother's best friend. His most trusted ally. His partner.

"Oh frick," I breathe. "Duncan." I raise my eyes to my father's and I see the sadness in them. I'm sure he feels betrayed by him, too. He loved Duncan like a son. He's worked with Duncan's father for years. Duncan's father who works in Narcotics.

Finally, he gives me one curt nod. "But I have to have proof. And I'm going to need your brother's help. And you know he's not going to like it."

"No, he won't like it, but he'll do it. Because it's the right thing. It's the Locke way," I say, handing back to my father with a smile words I've heard all my life.

"Yeah, it's the Locke way. We protect our own. At all costs."

For some reason-for the millionth time-I think of Hemi.

CHAPTER FORTY - Hemi

Sloane still won't answer my calls. I don't know how else to reach her, how else to convince her to talk to me. To hear me out. Just one more time.

There are things I need to tell her, things I've just realized myself. Things that I can't say on a voice mail or in a card, or with flowers.

Important things.

Truthful things.

Like I promised her.

One more time, I try her number. It rings and rings and rings. Finally, I hear her familiar voice click on with her familiar message. My gut twists up just listening to it, fearing that I really won't ever be able to make this right, that she'll never forgive me and I won't ever be able to tell her what I need to say.

"Sloane, it's me. There's something I have to tell you. It's important. Please, just give me five more minutes. Please."

With a sigh, I hang up.

Again.

Now I just have to wait.

Again.

CHAPTER FORTY-ONE - Sloane

I thought maybe a night out with Sarah would make me feel better. Not only do I not feel better, I actually feel a little queasy as I navigate the road back to the house. I'm not surprised really. I haven't been eating well or getting much sleep since everything happened with Hemi. I reason with myself that I'm probably just run down.

When I get home, Dad is sitting at the dining room table, looking through the cards that are still lying there. Most of the flowers are dead and have already been thrown out. But for some reason, I couldn't quite bring myself to throw out the cards. Not just yet.

"What are you doing, Dad?" I ask, stopping beside the chair he's sitting in.

Before he answers, Dad neatly stacks all the flower cards together and hands them to me. "Have you read them all?"

"Yes."

He nods slowly, folding my fingers around the little rectangles. "No change?"

I don't really know how to answer that. I'm less upset than what I was, yes, but I don't know why yet. I don't know if I'm working my way toward forgiving Hemi or if time is just healing the wound.

Finally, I shrug my answer.

"He came by here tonight. Looking for you." My father watches me, carefully gauging my reaction. He says no more, which prompts me to speak.

"What did he want?"

"To talk to you."

Duh.

"Did he say why?"

"Not really. But I think you need to at least listen to him, Sloane."

"That's easy for you to say, Dad. You don't know the whole story."

"It's not easy for me to say. I don't like the thought of anyone hurting you. For any reason. In any fight, I'll always take your side. Part of me wants to wring this guy's neck for putting you through the hell you've been in the last couple of weeks.

"It's hard for me to think about my little girl growing up and possibly falling in love, Sloane. It's hard for me to think of having to give her up to some cocky jerk and hope he takes care of her. But I know that I have to do it. Eventually. And something tells me that this one means a lot to you. More than what I gave him credit for. I knew there was something going on, but I don't think I knew how important it was to you, how important he was to you."

Dad scoots his chair back and stands to face me, bending a pinch so he can see into my face. "Life is short, Sloane. When I wanted to forget just how short, you reminded me. Every day for a couple of years now, you've reminded me. But you know what? You were right. Life is short and you need to live it, as much as you can for as long as you can. If I could go back and add a few more years or days or even hours with your mother, I would. In a heartbeat. And I would never want to do anything to cheat you out of times like that. Moments like that. So you think long and hard about these, Sloane," he says, touching my hand that's holding the cards. "And if there's a way to forgive him, if you think he might be worth it, then go talk to him. Give him that chance. Don't live with regret like that for the rest of your life. When you've got a lot of regret to look back on, a short life can seem like an eternity in hell."

With a fatherly pat to my arm, Dad steps past me. He looks back at me before he leaves the room. "You okay? Your face is red."

I touch my cheek. It's warm and I'm still not feeling up to par, but I give my dad a comforting smile. "I'm fine, Dad."

With an answering smile, he walks away. I hear him start to whistle when he gets to the kitchen and I smile bigger. He used to whistle all the time when Mom was alive. Now, it's rare. And considering all the trouble our family has seen lately, it's even more special. I know it's thoughts of Mom-the good, happy kinds of thoughts-that put the song in his heart. Just remembering a love like that can turn everything around. It can turn life to shit for a while, but in the end, it makes everything worth it. I just have to decide if, with Hemi, it's worth it.

********

The next day, a loud pounding wakes me from my nap. It's difficult to fight my way out of sleep, to separate reality from the dream world I was so happy inside. But reality is much more persistent, especially when it comes in the form of my brother.

"Sloane, answer the door. I mean it," Steven blusters from outside my locked bedroom door.

"Whatever it is can wait, Steven. I'm sleeping."

"It's not even eight o'clock. Why are you in bed already?"

That's an excellent question, one I have no answer for. I thought around three thirty that a Sunday afternoon nap sounded great. I think nearly five hours is a touch more than a nap. But I'm just exhausted!

"I'm getting up. Just give me a minute."

I stir myself as best I can and make my way to the door, turning the lock on the knob and stepping back so my brother can bluster on this side of it.

"Did you know about this?"

He wastes no time in jumping down my throat when he steps inside.

"Know about what?"

"About that ass**le Hemi investigating me? About how he targeted our family?"

"Not at first. Why do you think I don't see him anymore?"

I slump down on the end of the bed and watch Steven pace back and forth. He's furious for sure, but behind that, I can see that he's hurt. And betrayed. Not by Hemi, but he makes an effective scapegoat.

"I knew I didn't like that prick. I knew it!"

"Steven, like him or not, Hemi was just doing what he had to for his family. And he might've even saved your life."

"How the hell has he done anything good for me?"

"This is about Duncan, isn't it?"

Steven says nothing, but I can see the muscle along his jaw flex in anger.

"Duncan isn't the one who was using-"

"Yes, he was, Steven. Duncan was wrong in so many ways. I know he was your best friend and your partner, and I know you feel betrayed, but you can't make excuses for him. He stole your security pass while you slept, Steven! That's a pretty shitty thing for a decent friend to do. Do you know how much trouble he could've gotten you into?"

"At least he didn't get our house shot up," he spits.

"Yes, he did. It was his associations, his illegal activities that even led people to think it was you to begin with. Why do you think he used your pass? This is every single bit Duncan's fault. The only thing Hemi did was stumble upon it."

Steven stops pacing and stares daggers at me. "He used you to investigate our family."

His words sting. Because they're true. And I'm still struggling with it.

"I know that, Steven, but put yourself in his position. If I were killed in the same way, at the hands of a dirty cop no less, what wouldn't you do to bring my killer to justice? What wouldn't you do to make people pay for their deeds?" I get up from the bed, crossing to my brother where he's standing like a huge, stiff Hulk in the doorway. "Steven, you would've done the same thing. Maybe even worse. There are no limits to what we'd do for the people we love."

"I can never forgive him. You realize that, right?"

"Hemi isn't the one who needs your forgiveness, Steven. The only thing he's guilty of is granting my request for him to teach me how to tattoo. He may have had an ulterior motive, but he did nothing wrong. He gave what little information he had to a trusted legal official. Yet he's apologized for it anyway. But he doesn't deserve your anger. Put your outrage where it belongs. Duncan betrayed you in the worst possible way, and an innocent man died because of it. Let's not forget who the real villain is here."

"You're going to stand there and defend him? After all he's done?"

"He didn't do anything we wouldn't have done, Steven," I remind him softly. As I watch, I can see the anger my brother feels warring with the truth of my words. He wants to be mad at Hemi, but he knows it's not justified. All this can and should be laid at Duncan's feet. Period. Hemi would never have put our family at risk had he known, really known, things would take the turn that they did. He's not that person.

With a shake of his head, Steven turns to walk away, pausing before he closes the door behind him. "If he didn't do anything wrong, and he doesn't deserve my anger, then why aren't you seeing him anymore?"

I see Steven's lips draw up into a smirk just as he shuts the door. He thinks he made his point, but all he did was remind me of how wrong I've been. Defending Hemi to Steven made me see what was right there all along.

Yes, Hemi neglected to tell me what was going on. Yes, he took me on under false pretenses, but I know deep in my heart that what happened between us was real. However it began, it ended up being real. And I could see on his face how much he hated what he did to me, what he did to my family.

But what I told Steven was the truth. Hemi didn't do anything the members of my family wouldn't have done. He doesn't deserve my anger or my hatred. He needs my understanding. And my forgiveness. The two things I haven't yet given him.

Yet, I think to myself. But the night is still young.

CHAPTER FORTY-TWO - Hemi

I take a sip of my tequila and lean my head back against the edge of the hot tub, concentrating on the pounding of the jets against my sore muscles. I've been so tense lately. Between dealing with my old coke dealer, Sebastian, to find out who has the beef with Sloane's brother and throwing enough money at it to make it stop, I feel like I've relived all the hellish parts of my life as it led up to Ollie's death. So tonight, I skipped work to hole up at my house and get shitfaced in the hot tub.

When my phone rings, I consider not answering it, but I quickly discard that notion. I'm waiting on too much important information, too many important calls to skip one because I'm in a piss-poor mood.

"Yeah," I answer.

"Mr. Spencer, this is Winston at the gate. You have a visitor, sir. A Miss Locke. Shall I open the gate?"

My stomach clenches. "Yes, let her in."

I sit back in the warm water for a few seconds, wondering why she would just show up here when she won't even take my calls. It doesn't take me long to realize that I don't give a shit. I'm just glad she's on her way, that I get to see her and talk to her again. Even if it's just once more.

What this says to me is that I've got one shot. One. More. Shot.

I drag myself out of the tub, wrapping a towel around my waist and carrying my glass inside to refill it. I drain it again before refilling it a third time and taking a small sip.

I hear the whiny purr of Sloane's engine just before it cuts off out front. I walk to the door to open it and wait.

When Sloane rounds the corner of the walkway, she sees me and comes to a dead stop. Her eyes travel over my chest and down my stomach to the towel cinched there. I will my dick not to react. But damn, it's hard!

I grit my teeth and step back, giving her plenty of room to walk by me, which she finally does. When she passes, I smell the clean scent of her shampoo, the same kind she always uses, and that unique aroma that's just Sloane. My mouth waters reflexively and, again, I put a choke hold on my libido.

"What are you doing here?" I ask as I shut the door behind her.

Sloane waits until I am standing in front of her, eye to eye, before she answers.

"You said you wanted five minutes. Well, I'm giving them to you. This ends now. One way or the other."

That phrasing makes my chest tight, but I can't say that I'm totally blindsided. I can see why she would write me off forever. What I did to her was pretty bad. Unforgiveable even. I guess I'd just hoped that maybe she could. Forgive me, that is. That she would. That somehow she'd view what we had as worth another shot. I know I do. I'd give her a thousand shots if it meant she'd stay and never leave me.

"In that case," I say, draining my glass yet again and walking to the edge of the dining room to the wet bar, where I pour myself another. When I turn, Sloane is standing near me, her eyes fixed on mine, her expression guarded. "I wanted to tell you that I found the people who threatened your brother. They won't cause you or your family trouble anymore."

She doesn't look surprised. She just nods. "Thank you."

I wait for her to say something else, but she doesn't so I continue. "I also have my brother's attorney friend looking into any and all leads that might've had something to do with what happened with the dirty drugs. I'll find out who it is and I'll make this right with your brother. I promise."

"Don't make promises you can't keep," she says softly, reminding me of a conversation we had a lifetime ago.

"I don't. I make promises that I'll either keep or die trying to keep."

She says nothing, just watches me. Finally, after a long pause, she asks, "Is that what you wanted to tell me?"

I take a deep breath. It's now or never. "Partly."

Sloane glances down at her watch. "Well, you'd better get to the other part."

I waste a few seconds looking her over. She's wearing a black shirt with a deep V neck, a short, silver skirt and silver sandals. Her toenails are painted bright red, as are her fingernails, which I notice as she smoothes her skirt over her thighs nervously. I realize when I see her gesture that this is just as hard for her as it is for me, maybe more so. It's time to go balls out.

I take a step toward her. I don't know if she'll welcome my closeness, but I'm not waiting around to find out. I'm jumping in. Head first.

"From the very first time I saw you, there was something in your eyes that I felt like I connected with. I chalked it up to all kinds of other things, like physical attraction, having been without companionship for a while, you name it. And then when I saw how innocent you were...even though you had this kick ass sex appeal...oh God! I didn't know how the hell I'd ever be able to resist you. I knew I didn't need a distraction like you, which is why I told you I wouldn't teach you how to tattoo. But then I saw you with your brother. I knew that I'd probably never have another opportunity like that again-to be able to find out more about someone I considered a suspect. So I took it. I told myself that I would stay away from you in every way except to teach you. And in the meantime, I'd pick your brain about your family. And I got what I thought I wanted, what I thought I needed. As soon as I heard you confirm that your brother had a connection to Tumblin, I ran with it. I mean, all I've been able to think about for two years was finding my brother's killer. But that was before I met you.

"Even when I believed I had found the right guy, I felt like shit for passing on that information. I knew it would hurt you, but I did it anyway. And every day that passed, I felt worse and worse about it. Hurting you wasn't worth it. It didn't bring my brother back. It just tore my heart out. And now I know why, I know why it hurt me so much to hurt you. Even then, I was already falling in love with you. I resisted you as long as I could, telling myself that it was just sexual and that once I had you, you'd be out of my system. But that was not the case. If anything, that just made it worse."

Sloane hasn't said a word, but at least she's listening. And the more I talk about the way things were, about the way she makes me feel, the more drawn to her I feel. So I step even closer, close enough to touch her.

"It's addictive, having something that no one else has touched. It made me want more. I didn't just want to have you. I wanted to possess you. I wanted to make you mine, to mark you so deeply that you could never be anyone else's. I want you, Sloane," I confess, reaching out to stroke her satiny cheek with the back of my index finger. "I always have. But it's not enough. It's not enough just to have you once or twice, or for a little while. I want you to be mine. Forever. Because I love you even more than I want you. And I never want to let you go. Never."

Looking into her eyes, I see the break. I see the moment she lets down her guard enough that I can see that she still feels something for me other than hate. "Please tell me you can forgive me, Sloane. Please. Tell me it's not too late." It's when I see her lips part to release a shaky breath that I lose the tight grip I had on my control. "Ask me to kiss you, baby. Please. Please, God, ask me to kiss you. I need you, Sloane. I need to feel you."

I'm crowding her. I know I am, but I can't help it. I want to touch her, to kiss her, to take her in my arms so bad that I can almost taste it. Beyond the tequila, I can remember what she tastes like on the tip of my tongue. And beyond the tequila, I crave it. Like I've never craved anything else. Not even revenge. Or justice.

I raise my hands to cup her face, begging her, "Please, Sloane. Please."

She searches my eyes for so long that I actually ache for her. In my chest, in my gut, in my groin. In my head. I want her with everything I am. And I want it all. All of her. Body, heart and soul.

And then she mutters the words that turn my world around. "Kiss me."

So I do. I take her soft lips in a kiss that's as sweet as the love I feel for her. I drag my tongue over the crease between them, drawing her bottom lip into my mouth and sucking gently on it. I feel her groan, her minty breath warm on my face.

When my tongue enters her mouth, hers is there, licking at mine, teasing me with the memory of her. I reach behind her, pressing my palm to her lower back and crushing her body against mine. I feel her fingers weave through my hair and hold on tight, driving me up to the next level of my repressed desire.

I hold fast to the reins of my passion. Now is not the time to lose it with her. She needs to feel what I'm trying to say to her, she needs to feel how much she means to me. She needs to know that it's not all about sex; it's all about love.

Sloane jerks back, startling me as she looks up into my face. There are tears in her eyes and a tremor in her voice.

"Make love to me, Hemi," she demands quietly. "Make love to me and promise me that everything is going to be all right."

"I thought you didn't want promises."

"I've never wanted to believe one more than I do right this minute. So tell me. Tell me all the pretty lies. Tell me everything will be okay."

One tear spills from her lashes and I kiss it away with the feather light brush of my lips. "Everything will be okay, Sloane. I promise you. I promise you that I'll do everything in my power to make it that way. I'll do anything for you. Anything to make you happy. Just say you'll stay. Say you'll stay with me and I'll never have to feel miserable without you again."

More tears puddle in her eyes. "I'll stay as long as life lets me."

And that's enough for me.

When she presses her lips to mine, I let go of all that I was holding onto. All the reservations, all the anger, all the fear, and I dive into Sloane.

CHAPTER FORTY-THREE - Sloane

My hands on Hemi are urgent. Touching. My lips on Hemi's are desperate. Tasting. My heart on Hemi is certain. Exploding. I love him. And he loves me. There is no more perfect day than today. After all the pain, there is joy. Joy unspeakable. And I have no regret. It was worth it. Worth it all to hear him say he loves me.

Hemi's skin has never felt smoother under my palms. His mouth has never tasted so sweet. It's like rediscovering him, like falling for him all over again. Only this time, there's a net to catch me. He's my net because he loves me, too. And that makes him worth the risk. Worth anything.

My hands find their way to the towel wrapped around his waist. I loosen it and let it fall, dragging my hand over his hip until I can curl my fingers around his rigid length. He groans into my mouth and I inhale it. I inhale him.

"Sloane," he whispers, his hands hard and demanding, yet soft and giving on my body. With great care, he peels my shirt off, then my skirt and panties, even bending to slip my sandals from my feet. When he straightens, he backs up and lets his eyes wander my naked frame. "You are so beautiful. And you're all mine. Always. All mine."

He showers me with kisses. Everywhere from my neck to my navel, I feel them like butterfly wings grazing me. So light, so sweet, so far, far away. "Your skin is so hot," he breathes against me. "You're burning up."

I hear his voice like he's a million miles from me, speaking to me from the edge of paradise as I wade through warm waters to reach him. I even hear the urgency in his voice. I don't really understand it, but I hear it.

"Sloane, look at me." I try, but my eyelids won't obey. And then I feel the world dip and I'm falling. But, just like I'd hoped, Hemi's arms are there to catch me. He'll keep me safe. For as long as I have left, he'll keep me safe.

CHAPTER FORTY-FOUR - Hemi

"Sloane!" I yell, my voice having grown louder the longer she goes without responding to me. She just fell in my arms, boneless and limp. Her cheeks are flushed and there's a fine sheen of perspiration on her forehead. Her skin is hot to the touch. She's burning up with fever. "Sloane, answer me!"

I lower her gently to the floor and she moans. And not a good moan, but one of discomfort. Her brow furrows, letting me know she's in pain. Or that something is wrong. Terribly, terribly wrong.

I scramble for my phone, dialing 911. It's all I know to do. I don't know what happened. One minute she was with me, the next she wasn't.

I give them my emergency and my address, and then I call the guard to let him know they're coming. I scoop Sloane up into my arms and carry her to the couch, running back for her clothes and getting them back on her as quickly and gently as I can. Even after manipulating her arms and legs, after lifting her upper then lower body off the couch to redress her, she doesn't stir. She just turns her head from side to side, her brow still wrinkled as she pants, short, shallow breaths.

I bolt up the stairs to grab some jeans and a shirt, taking them back downstairs to dress beside Sloane so I can keep an eye on her. I'm just pulling on my shoes near the door when I hear the diesel engine of the ambulance as it pulls into my driveway. I open the door and wait, half in-half out so I can watch Sloane until they can get inside.

The EMTs rush in, carrying their stretcher and a bag of supplies between them. Both are in their forties, I'd say. Both look serious and competent, which makes me feel better.

"Sir, can you tell me what happened?"

"She just collapsed in my arms and now she won't respond. Her skin is hot, like she's feverish. Other than that, I don't know what happened."

I feel an unhealthy fear gnawing at my gut. I can't lose her. Not now. Not like this. Not when there's still so much I want to say, so much I want to show her and prove to her.

My heart is thundering inside my chest when they set to work on her and can't get a response either. "What's her name, sir?"

"Sloane."

"Sloane!" he calls loudly. "Sloane, can you open your eyes and look at me?"

Nothing. No flutter of her eyelids, no turn of her head, no movement of her lips. Just nothing.

One EMT sets his stethoscope on her chest while the other takes her hand and presses his fingernail into the cuticle of hers. She doesn't even twitch. They mutter back and forth to each other with their findings. One questions me as they transfer her onto the stretcher they carried in.

"Has she been drinking?"

"No, sir, not that I know of."

"Does she take any medications?"

"Only birth control that I know of."

"Is she allergic to anything?"

I shrug and shake my head, feeling so helpless. "Not that I know of, but..."

He nods, making notes on the paper pinned to his clipboard. "Sir, we're gonna take her to the ER. She's out, but her vitals are stable right now. You're welcome to ride with us if you want."

"Yes, I would, actually."

"Are you a family member? Or is there an emergency contact who should be notified to meet us at the hospital?"

"I'm not...no, I'm not family, but I can use her phone to contact her father on the way."

"Sounds good. If you'll do that, we'll get her in the squad."

With that, the two EMTs lift Sloane, the legs of the stretcher extending so that they can roll her out the door and down the walk. Since Sloane didn't bring a purse in, I run to her car, grabbing it from the back seat and running back to the ambulance to jump in the back with her.

I see her phone the instant I open her purse. It's in a little pocket on the side, obviously designed to hold a phone. I take it out and scroll through her contacts until I find her father's information. I tap his cell number and listen to it ring as the EMT cleans off her hand to start an IV.

As the large needle pierces her skin, I watch her face for signs that she felt the prick. She doesn't move a muscle. My stomach sinks like I swallowed a handful of rocks.

"Locke," I hear on the other end of the phone, distracting me from Sloane's still form.

"Mr. Locke, Hemi Spencer. Sloane came to see me at my house tonight. She collapsed. I'm in the ambulance with her now and we're on the way to the emergency room. Can you meet us there?"

There's a pause, during which I'm sure Sloane's dad is processing my information dump. I didn't beat around the bush. I'm not that kind of man and neither is he.

"What's wrong with her?" he asks. His voice is so quiet I have to strain to hear him. Fear is evident, which makes me even more apprehensive.

"I don't know. She's flushed and sweaty, and her skin is hot like she's got a fever. She seemed fine otherwise. But now she won't respond. I don't know... I just..."

Words escape me as I relate to him what little I know. It's the most horrible feeling in the world-to be so helpless. And so scared. What could be wrong that she'd just fall out like that? And not respond? It's more than just fainting. That much is obvious.

"Oh, God, please no!" I hear him whisper into the phone.

A fist wraps icy fingers of pure terror around my heart. "What? What's going on? Why did you say that?"

I hear the strain in Mr. Locke's voice. It comes across the line loud and clear. "I'll explain when I get there." And then he hangs up.

All the way to the hospital, my mind races with scenarios. There, they do little to clarify things for me. The nurses come out to assess her, asking me only one question. "Sir, are you a family member?"

I should lie, but I don't. "No."

"Have you notified someone in her family?"

"Yes."

"I'm sorry, but you'll have to wait here until someone in her family arrives. When they do, you can show them to registration first. Then, if you'll have the receptionist give us a buzz, we'll send for you."

I don't like it, but I know how strict hospitals are now with patient confidentiality. Without telling an outright lie that I have no way of backing up, there was nothing I could do. Now, I just have to wait for Mr. Locke to get here. Maybe by then they'll have Sloane awake. I pray that they do.

Through the bank of windows that face the parking lot, I watch the headlights of every car that pulls in, holding my breath for Sloane's dad to arrive. When he does, I take my pacing to the door to await him.

As soon as he steps through, I'm on him. "They need you to answer some questions in registration before they'll let you go back."

"The hell they do!" he says angrily, stomping up to the reception area. "My daughter was brought in on the ambulance a few minutes ago. I need to go back and see her. Right now."

He doesn't give them any other choice.

"Sir," the young blonde begins, "if you'll-"

"Forms can wait. I want to see my daughter first."

The girl stares at him for a few seconds, evidently gauging whether he can be reasoned with at all and how much effort it will take to do so. She quickly decides it's not worth it to argue and she gives in.

"Have a seat and I'll call the nurse."

Mr. Locke nods and turns to find the seat closest to the door that leads back to the patient rooms. Where Sloane is. He leans forward and puts his elbows on his knees and drops his head into his hands.

I move to stand in front of him, feeling more and more distressed by the second. He's not only not surprised by this, but he seems to me like a man who has dreaded this day.

"Mr. Locke, I need you to be straight with me. What the hell is going on with Sloane?"

For a few seconds, he doesn't move. Doesn't respond. Finally, though, he runs frustrated fingers through his dark brown hair and sits back in his chair, his face ten years older than it was when I saw him yesterday.

"Did Sloane ever tell you about her mother?"

"I know she died of leukemia, right?"

"She did. She was first sick with it when she was a child. She went into remission and was healthy for years. And then one day...BAM! She got sick. At first we thought it was the flu. She had been achy and feeling a little under the weather for a couple of days. But then, one night after dinner, she just collapsed in my arms. She was burning up with fever. I brought her to the hospital and they did all sorts of tests. Turns out she had a relapse of her leukemia. And when that happens, the prognosis is bad. She fought it like a trooper, but there was just no beating it when it came back. She died two years later," he finishes, his voice miserable.

"Sloane told me about her mother, sir, and I'm sorry that happened to your family. All due respect, but what does this have to do with Sloane?"

Mr. Locke looks up and meets my eyes. His are agonized and defeated. "Because Sloane had the same thing when she was a little girl."

He says no more, just watches me as his words trickle in and my brain scrambles to make sense of them.

"Are you telling me that Sloane had leukemia?"

"Yes, that's what I'm telling you. She was diagnosed when she was five. She was just really starting to act like a little girl and feel better when her mother died. She's been fine ever since. Stubborn as hell, and determined to live her life to the fullest for as long as she has. Just in case... Every day, she has lived with 'just in case' hanging over her head. And that's why we've protected her so fiercely. Because we have, too."

My eyes, my chest, my soul burns with this knowledge, with what Sloane's father is telling me. My mind rejects it, searches for some other conclusion to draw. But there's none.

I can barely force the words past my numb lips. "So you're saying that this could be Sloane's leukemia relapsing and that she could only have a few years left to live?"

Mr. Locke's eyes fill with tears and my heart crumbles, right behind my ribs.

"That's what I'm telling you," he confirms, his voice breaking as he leans forward and puts his head in his hands again.

I see his shoulders shaking as all the promise and hope and happiness that the future held suddenly gets swept away by a devastating wind. I'm torn between screaming and running my fist into one of these concrete walls over and over again. Or maybe just walking outside to give in to the urge to just sit in the dark and weep.

How could this be happening? She's so young, and there's still so much ahead of her. How can she be sick? She's been fine. All this time, she's been fine. So vivacious, so full of life...

As Mr. Locke gets up and walks to the reception desk again, I stand in the exact same spot, drowning in regret. All this time, I could've been enjoying Sloane, enjoying time with her, laughing with her, holding and touching her, telling her the truth about what is in my heart. But instead, I was destroying what we had with lies and deceit. In the back of my mind, I thought if she could just forgive me, I'd have another chance. I'd have more time, time to make up for what I'd done, time to make her happy and see her smile. Not make her cry.

But that was a cruel joke. There is no time. There is no future. Not for Sloane. And, now, not for me. She is everything I could ever have wanted. Perfect. Complete. Irreplaceable.

Desperation floods me. My thoughts, my feelings, my muscles. When I see the door to the back open, I turn and I run. I don't ask permission. I don't listen to the voices yelling for me to stop. I just run.

I begin passing doors. I pause to look in each one, searching for Sloane. Through a tunnel of heartache, I hear voices behind me, but I ignore them and I keep looking, keep searching. I can't stop until I find her. I can't rest until I see her.

And then I do. I see her pale face, turned to the side, facing the glass window of the room in which she's been placed. Her eyes are closed, her expression is peaceful and, right here in this moment, I know I can't live without her. I can't even think of what I will do with myself if she dies. Tonight. Tomorrow night. In a year. In ten years. I can't bare the idea of a world without her. Of my life without her.

Oblivious to anyone else in the room, I walk to the bed, I take her hand in mine and I drop to my knees beside her.

I press the backs of her cool fingers to my eyes. Then to my lips. They taste salty. And wet. I didn't even realize I was crying until this very moment.

I stare up into the face that has haunted my dreams and my thoughts for months now, and I feel the crushing weight of sorrow. Already, I feel it, like I can see her slipping away right before my eyes.

"Oh God, please!" I beg quietly. "Please let her be okay. Please let her live. Don't take her from me. Please don't take her from me!"

The only thing I hear around me is the broken sound of my own voice. It's caving in on me like darkness, swallowing me up like nothingness.

********

Like I do at least a few times an hour, I glance up at the monitor that assures me Sloane is still alive somewhere in there. I watch the reassuring blips as they dance across the screen. I listen to the reassuring whisper of air filling her lungs. I feel with my soul that she hasn't yet left me. Not completely anyway.

A voice sounds from behind me. It's gruff and annoyed.

"Has she opened her eyes yet?"

It's Steven. He's angry that I'm here at all. Like her father and her brothers, they come in, they hover over her helplessly and then, after a few minutes, they leave to go fall apart somewhere else. Somewhere that the eyes of a stranger can't find them.

He stomps into the room, aiming for the chair that sits on the other side of the bed. Sloane is in the ICU now, where they can keep a close eye on her condition until the doctors can determine what's going on with her. Or until she regains consciousness.

Aside from her father, Steven has visited her most. Despite his dickweed ways, it's obvious that he loves her every bit as much as she loves him. After several minutes of staring silently at Sloane, he finally speaks. "You been home yet?"

"No."

He doesn't look at me. "You planning on staying here 'round the clock?"

"Yes."

I see his lips thin. I'm sure that's not the answer he was hoping for.

"That pisses me off, but I'm sure you know that," he gripes.

"Yes. Luckily, I don't give a shit. I'm here for Sloane."

That draws his eye. He glares at me across the bed. I know he'd just as soon plant his foot in my face as talk to me, and I'd just as soon he try. I think we could both use a little tension-relieving scuffle. But that wouldn't do Sloane any good. And she's the one I care about. She's really all I care about.

"That would make her happy," he mutters, his teeth obviously gritted.

"I hope so. I just want her to wake up. And I want to be here when she does. I want her to know that I'd never leave her. Not unless she asked me to go."

"What if I asked you to go?" Steven asks. His expression hasn't changed at all, but something tells me he might be actually teasing.

"I'd tell you where you could go."

One corner of his mouth lifts up in a combination sneer-smirk-grin.

"After this is all over, I'm still probably gonna kick your ass."

I shrug. "You're welcome to try. After Sloane wakes up."

He nods. "Fair enough." We fall into a weird, somewhat amicable silence again. "Has the doctor come by yet?"

"Yeah. Said they're still waiting for some test results. Still giving her fluids. Evidently she was pretty dehydrated. Plus the fever..."

"Dad said she wasn't eating or drinking much for the last several days."

He sends me a nasty look.

"Look, man, I know you blame me. And you know what? That's fine, because I blame me. I hurt her. I hurt her bad. And I'd give anything-I mean, anything in the whole world-to go back and do things differently. And when she wakes up," I say, stressing the when, in my speech and in my heart, "I'm gonna do everything in my power to make it up to her."

"I hope to hell you do. And I hope to hell she doesn't make it easy on you."

I don't respond. It's possible Sloane may not remember forgiving me, may not remember the time right before she passed out. And if she doesn't, I'll have to deal with it. But at this point, I just want her to wake up. Even if she wakes up mad all over again, she can scream and yell, punch and kick. She can raise cane. I'd take it all. Happily. If she'll just wake up.

********

The nurse is the same one tonight as last night, and she agreed to let me stay again. When she talks to me, she pats my arm and nods like she's trying to make me feel better. There's always a look in her eye that says she sees a desperate man. And she's right.

Sloane's dad wanted to stay, but he had some things at work come up -important things about his son's case and the guys that shot up the house. I would never tell him that Sebastian had called me earlier with a witness, someone who knew the identity of the dirty cop dealer. I would never tell him that I'd passed that name along to Reese, who then informed his connection at the Attorney General's office. I was just happy he was leaving and that I'd get to stay. I knew that if he wanted to press the issue, that if he wanted to stay, there would be nothing I could do. Except leave. And I'd rather die than leave Sloane's side. Even for a couple of hours.

As is my habit, I glance over at the monitor. I see the waves and colored numbers that I always see, and they reassure me like they always do. I notice Sloane's foot has shifted and is uncovered. I walk to the end of the bed and cup her heel, gently moving her leg toward the center of the bed. I try not to feel panicked by how cool her skin is as I tuck the covers around her feet. I guess I should be happy she's not still burning up.

I'm just sitting down when I see her leg twitch. Then she kicks. Hard. Hard enough to jar the bed. I reach out to touch her arm and, just as my skin makes contact with hers, she starts to flail.

Sloane flings her arms and legs, shaking her head back and forth on the pillow.

"Sloane!" I call, trying to calm her down.

My first thought is that she's having a seizure. I'm just turning toward the door to hail the nurse when I see the commotion. Muted alarms are going off, people are scrambling, and Sloane's nurse bolts up out of her chair and runs toward me. She goes straight to Sloane's bedside and starts assessing her.

My pulse is thudding in my head like a bass drum. I feel the horrific sensation that the bottom of the world is about to drop out from under me. Nurses don't move like that for no reason. Whatever just happened to Sloane can't be a good thing.

"Sir, I'm going to have to ask you to step outside," she says in a stern voice. "Now!"

Like I'm in a dream, or better yet a nightmare, I back out of Sloane's room. My heart bangs painfully around in my chest as I watch the scene unfold in slow motion. The nurse jerks back Sloane's covers. I hear voices and noises, but they come to me from a thousand miles away. Two more people file into her room, one of them closing the curtain so that I can no longer see inside.

"Sir, please step out into the waiting room. We'll call you back in as soon as we know what's going on," a male voice says.

Like a robot, I make my way toward the exit. I push the button and the automatic doors swing open. I step through them and turn, watching as they close again, separating me from Sloane. From what might be her taking her last breath.

I stand, staring at the blank wooden doors, praying that God in all His mercy isn't taking Sloane from me. That He would give me a few more minutes with her, another chance to tell her I love her. When her eyes are open and she can hear how much I mean it.

I'm still facing them a few minutes later, dumbstruck and in shock, when they part and Sloane's nurse walks through. She's smiling and I'm confused.

"Sloane's fine. She had some alarming rhythms on her cardiac monitor, but I found that a couple of her leads had come loose. Had you straightened her blankets or something?"

I'm so relieved, it takes me a minute to answer her. "I, um, yeah. Her foot was uncovered so I moved her leg and covered her back up."

The nurse frowns. "And that's it?"

"Yes. But she was shaking, too."

"What do you mean 'shaking'?"

"I thought she was having a seizure. She started kicking her legs and flailing her arms."

The nurse's brow knits. "Hmm, okay. I'll let the doctor know. Be sure to hit the call button if something like that happens."

Like I knew what the hell was going on, I think snidely. But I don't say that. I'll be nice as long as she'll let me stay with Sloane.

"Yes, ma'am."

She nods and smiles and turns back toward the door. I follow her through and make my way to Sloane's side. I pull my chair closer to the bed and sit on the edge, taking her hand in mine. I watch her chest move with each breath she takes. I listen to the soothing, reassuring sound of it and I close my eyes, letting my head drop onto our joined hands.

"Please wake up, Sloane. Please be okay," I whisper, more to myself than to her.

I feel her fingers twitch in mine. They do that fairly often. But then they squeeze. And they never do that.

I jerk my head up and look at Sloane's face. I look for signs that she's waking up, that she can hear me or that she can feel me touching her.

"Sloane? Can you hear me?" I ask softly.

Her fingers squeeze mine again and I feel my stomach turn over. "Sloane?"

I see her eyelashes flutter and I hold my breath. After a few seconds, just when I think it might've been imagining things, they flutter again, opening just a crack.

Sloane opens and closes her lids several times before she opens them wide enough to focus on me. I don't think I've ever seen more beautiful eyes or a more beautiful sight than Sloane looking up at me.

"Hemi?" she croaks.

"I'm right here, baby."

I stand just long enough to reach across her and hit the red call button. If the nurse thinks I'm going to leave Sloane to come and get her, she's lost her damn mind.

"I dreamed of you. I was drowning and the darker everything got, the harder I fought to get to you. I was so afraid I'd never see you again."

"You kicked your arms and legs. I thought you were having a seizure, but maybe it was just your dream."

Oh, God! I hope so!

Confusion lights her eyes. "Where am I?"

"You're in the hospital."

I watch as a fearful understanding settles in. "Am I sick?"

I know she knows the answer to that before she even asked.

"They're not sure yet. You've been unconscious for a while."

"How long?"

"About twenty-nine hours. You fainted on me at my house. Do you remember coming over?"

She doesn't even hesitate. "Yes."

Relief. "Good. Do you remember me telling you that I love you?" If I get to tell her anything while she's awake, I want her to hear me say those words.

Sloane smiles, her perfect, angelic smile. "As long as I live, I will never forget that."

My heart explodes. I drop my head to our joined hands again. I don't want her to see how afraid I am, I don't want her to remember me this way. I want her only to remember the good. Like the fact that I love her more than the air I breathe. I don't want her to see that I'll be lost without her, or that I don't know what the hell I'll do with the rest of my life if she dies.

I fight the sting behind my eyes. I clear my throat before I raise my head, fighting for composure. "Then I hope you have a long memory."

Her smile turns sad. "I do, too."

She doesn't know that I know, and I don't want to discuss it now. I don't want to tarnish these moments with things like that. I only want her to feel happy and safe and loved.

The nurse rushes in. She looks first at me and then beyond me to Sloane, then she grins. "Well, hello there!"

Sloane gives her a small smile. "Hi."

"I guess I'll be giving the doctor a call." Her expression says she's more than happy to do so. "Anything I can get you, sleepy girl? Something to drink?"

Sloane smacks her lips. "Yeah, something to drink. My mouth is dry."

"Ice water coming right up. I'll call your father, too." With a pleased smile, the nurse leaves us alone again.

"I'm surprised Dad left."

"He didn't want to, but he had to go. Something about your brother's case."

She doesn't look bothered by the fact that he's not here. I know she's not when she raises her hand to cup the side of my face. "That's fine. I'm just glad you're here."

"I've never left, Sloane. As long as you want me, I will always, always be by your side."

Even though she smiles, as the doctor walks in, I know she's thinking the same thing I am: How long do we have? How long is always for us?

********

I've never seen so many people come and go from a room. Of course, I've never spent much time in a hospital either.

As soon as one person leaves, another comes in. Doing tests, hooking her up to machines, drawing blood.

I look out at the doctor, where he sits at a separate cubby, flipping through papers. I have to give him credit. He looks busy, taking in all these results and trying to make some kind of sense of them.

I glance up at Sloane. I can see what a toll all this commotion is taking on her. I mean, she woke up and probably isn't feeling one hundred percent. But, like the strong-willed person that she is, she smiles through the whole thing, never giving someone even so much as a dirty look. It just makes me love and admire her that much more.

I watch her eyelids get heavier and heavier. I'm not surprised when she falls asleep just after the nurse leaves for the millionth time. When Sloane's father arrives, I'm prepared for them to ask me to leave. I'm prepared to argue and give him every reason that I shouldn't. But her dad saves me the trouble.

"He can stay. We won't get in your way," he assures the nurse.

She looks undecided at first. She glances at me and I hold her gaze. "Please."

"Okay, but when the doctor comes in, he may not let both of you stay. You can work it out between you, who has to leave."

With that, she makes her exit. When we are alone, Sloane's father sits quietly on the other side of the bed, watching his daughter. I know the dread and fear he feels. I know it all too well.

I don't know how long we sit like that, both of us silently watching Sloane sleep, but the doctor finally comes in. He keeps his voice low.

"Gentlemen, it's been a long twenty-four hours for you, and I'm sorry about that. Considering Sloane's condition, we needed to be thorough before we made any decisions about her care."

I feel a cold knot of alarm rise from the pit of my stomach to stick in my throat. I reach for Sloane's hand, taking it gently in mine as I listen. Her skin feels like cool satin against mine. It makes my heart ache to think of the similarity it probably has to the lining of a casket.

The knot grows larger.

"We've gotten most of the results we were waiting for. Only one of them came back positive."

I drop down into the chair, bringing Sloane's hand to my forehead. I feel it turn over and she splays her fingers along my cheek, lifting until my eyes meet hers. She's awake. And her face is shining with love and fear and bravery.

I close my eyes. I can't look at her, knowing that the doctor might say that this is the beginning of the end. However long it might take for the end to get here, it's too soon.

"She has the flu."

My eyes fly open. Sloane's are wide as they stare into mine. At the same time, we both glance at the doctor.

"What?" she asks quietly, like she might be afraid she heard him wrong.

"You've got the flu. We did a nasal swab that tested positive."

"All this from the flu?"

"Well, you had a very high fever and you were severely dehydrated. So much so that you had a significant electrolyte imbalance. It caused a cascade of other problems, but nothing that can't be fixed."

"So, she's not..." Sloane's father says in an unsteady voice that trails off.

"She'll be fine, Mr. Locke."

I see the relief that I feel as it overwhelms him. He slides limply into the other chair at Sloane's side. "Thank God," he breathes.

"No wonder I've felt like crap for the last few days," Sloane says.

"You could've mentioned that, young lady," Mr. Locke gripes good-naturedly as he raises his hand to brush Sloane's hair. "You scared the life out of me."

Sloane's brow wrinkles. "You thought...because of Mom...?"

Mr. Locke nods, his eyes still shining. "I don't know what I'll do if I ever lose you, Sloane."

She reaches up to still his hand, wrapping her fingers around his. "You can't live afraid like that, Dad. None of us can. If it happens, it happens. The most important thing is to live life the best we can until then. Nobody has the promise of tomorrow. The only thing we can control is living today with no regret."

"I know, hon, but it's hard for a parent to do that. I hope one day you'll understand that."

"I hope so, too, Dad. But-"

"No buts," he says with a smile. "We have today. And today you've got the flu. The flu we can handle. The flu you can recover from. The flu is...well, the flu," he declares with a smile. "So, what's the plan?" he asks the doctor.

"All we can really do is treat the symptoms. If she does well the rest of the night, I'll think about letting her go home tomorrow. She needs to be taking good care of herself, though. Lots of rest and lots of fluids. Tylenol for the fever. Maybe some chicken broth thrown in there until you feel like eating more. We'll talk more about that in the morning. How does that sound?"

His smile and demeanor are reassuring. They feel like a cool breeze on a hot day. They ease the ache in my soul, leaving me with only the determination to not lose one more second of time with Sloane. I never want to feel the way I have these last twenty-some hours again. Ever.

Sloane's right. None of us have the promise of tomorrow, which means I need to start making the best of today. Right now.

"We'll make sure she gets everything she needs, Doctor," I say, glancing at Mr. Locke meaningfully before I look back down at Sloane.

He nods. "I'll let you work out the details then, and I'll be back in to discuss more in the morning."

He smiles at Sloane, pats her foot and then makes his exit.

"Come to my house," I ask, not caring that her father is still here. "Let me take care of you. I want to take care of you." I see the indecision in her eyes. "Please."

"But what about work? You can't just take off to baby me."

"The hell I can't! I own the place. I can do whatever I want."

Sloane looks aggravated for just a second before she sighs and rolls her eyes. "You forgot to mention that little detail. I thought you were just the manager."

"Nothing but my truth, right?"

Her smile is slow, but it comes. "Right."

"Then come home with me. I'll tell you anything you want to know. And probably a lot you don't."

Her smile turns soft and she yawns. "Bring it on, big boy," she says sleepily.

"You got it, little girl," I whisper, leaning forward to kiss her cheeks and her nose, her chin and her drooping eyelids. "But tonight, you rest. We'll all be here when you wake up."

I don't tell her that, until then, I'll be planning ways to fill her days with happiness and adoration and every wonderful thing her beautiful mind can ever think of.

If she'll just say yes.

CHAPTER FORTY-FIVE - Sloane

I wake to the smell of frying bacon. My appetite is coming back and I mentioned last night that bacon sounded good. Hemi wanted to go get some and make it right then, but I was tired, so I told him not to bother. Obviously, he didn't forget.

He has been absolutely wonderful these last four days.

Although my father wasn't too happy about me coming home with Hemi, he didn't put up too much of a fight, which surprised me. It makes me wonder what kind of conversation they had while I was out.

My mouth waters reflexively when another burst of delicious aroma comes wafting into the bedroom. I roll over in bed, sliding my hand over the rumpled sheets where Hemi slept and burying my face in his pillow. I could wake to this every morning for eternity and be the happiest girl on the planet.

I feel the tickle of the sheet receding and I smile into the pillowcase. I don't move a muscle until I feel Hemi's lips at the base of my spine. Finally, I turn my head, opening one eye and fixing it on him.

"Good morning," I mutter.

He smiles warmly at me, his eyes holding mine for a few seconds. Then I see them drop down to where I feel his fingers moving over my hip.

"You ever gonna tell me what this tattoo really means?"

I roll slightly onto my side, exposing more of my hips and ribs to Hemi. "Dad told you about me being sick when I was little, didn't he?"

Even before Hemi nods, I knew what his answer would be.

"I figured."

"How did you know?"

"You're treating me like glass, like Dad and my brothers always have. I'm too familiar with it not to notice."

"I can't apologize for wanting to take care of you, Sloane. Or for wanting to make sure you're around for a long time, and that I get to treasure every minute of it with you."

My stomach leaps at his words. He's made several references to the future lately. But I don't want his desire to spend it with me to have been colored by the uncertainty that lies ahead for me.

"I don't want you to. I'm just saying that I'm familiar with it. That's all."

"Just like your dad and your brothers, I do it because I love you."

I smile. It spreads across my face like the glow that's spreading through my heart. "I love you, too. That's why I don't mind."

He leans forward and brushes his lips over mine. "I'm glad," he says. I feel the stir of desire, but I don't want to act on it just yet. I need to let Hemi get this babying out of his system first. I don't want him to baby me. I want him to love me and touch me and treat me like someone he wants to live life with, not have to cater to and care for forever. "So, the butterflies..."

"Ever since I was sick, my family, for all intents and purposes, kept me locked away, protected from the world like I was in a big oyster shell," I explain, reaching down to trace the shell that Hemi inked on my skin all those weeks ago. "But when I turned twenty-one, I drew a line in the sand. I was going to live. Despite my family's insistence that I have to walk through life like I'm fragile, I was going to live. Like a butterfly, emerging from a cocoon, I was going to spread my wings and live what time I had left flying high, bathed in beautiful colors." Silently, Hemi touches each butterfly, dancing his way along my ribs. "A butterfly only lives for two weeks, but in those two weeks, they flutter all around, spreading their incredible wings and bringing magnificent color to the world around them. That's what I've always wanted to do. Just like my mom did, I want to bring happiness and beauty to the world while I'm here. I want to smile and laugh and make a difference to the people I love. I want them to carry those good thoughts of me in their heart long after I'm gone. However long I have, be it two weeks or two years or two decades, I want to really live."

Hemi says nothing, just nods slowly as he trails his fingertips over my skin.

"I can understand that. Death has a different effect on everyone. Whether it's because they've seen it or they dread it, or that they're simply ignoring it, everyone reacts. That's why I got this," he says, tugging up his shirt on one side so that I can see his tattoo, the one he let me shade for him. "These are my brothers initials and the date that he died. I had a string of wire inked around it each year the date rolled past and I hadn't found his killer. For me, death put my life on hold. I wasn't living at all until I met you. You brought color and beauty and life back to me, even when I didn't know it was missing. I got lost inside these letters. But even so, Ollie was always speaking to me. He's the one that used to say, 'Live, no regrets.' Even in death, he was finding a way to help me get over the loss of him. Over the guilt and the pain and the regret. That's why I wanted you to do the letters for it. As early as that was, that first night at the hotel, I think some part of me knew that I had to move on or I'd have even more regret. Regret over letting you go. Regret over letting something that I can never change rob me of the only future I'll ever want now."

Once more, I feel the twitch of my muscles, reacting to what he sometimes says without coming out and saying.

"I love that philosophy! It's why I've never made promises. We're humans. Frail and short-sighted. We don't have the right to make promises we have no way of keeping. Until I met you, I didn't really want any. No promises meant no regrets. No lies, no broken hearts. But now I see what a promise can mean, what kind of life they have, weaving in and out of the words. Some promises are hope. Like my butterflies were hope."

Hemi climbs in bed and stretches out beside me, pulling my naked body close to his and pressing his forehead to mine.

"You are my hope. You are the promise of my future. Without you, I have only regret. Nothing good. Or colorful. Or beautiful. Just death and sadness. You brought me to life, Sloane, and I don't ever want to be apart from you."

His lips brush mine, softly, tentatively. Despite my determination to wait, I lean into him, turning my head into the kiss. Hemi is hesitant at first, but when I thread my fingers into his hair, I feel the heat rise in him. I feel it in the way his tongue sweeps over mine. I feel it in the way his fingers dig into my hip. I want to show him I'm not glass. I want him to love me like I'm made of steel.

I reach down to tug at the hem of his shirt, pulling it up until I can feel his warm skin against my naked br**sts. I moan into his mouth as he rolls me onto my back, his hips sliding between my legs like he was made to fit there.

I bend my knees and clamp them on either side of his waist, unwilling to let him go now that I've got his fire back. He flexes his hips and grinds them into mine, giving me friction where I suddenly need it most.

I tear my mouth away from his just long enough to whisper, "Hemi, make love to me." And then I bring his mouth back to mine, my free hand working its way under the waist band of his jeans to cup his muscular butt.

"Sloane, you're sick," he says breathlessly, his palms still roaming up and down my sides, teasing the edges of my br**sts.

"I'm not, Hemi. I'm not sick anymore. I feel better. I'm strong. And I'm healthy. And I want you to do to me all the things you promised you'd do."

He growls, diving back into my mouth with renewed zeal. I can't help but wonder which vivid conversation he's thinking back to. We've had so many.

But then he stops. I could almost cry when he extricates himself from my arms and legs. I try to hide the pout from my face. Hemi moves to the end of the bed and stands there, looking down at me. He does this for several seconds before he reaches for the button fly of his jeans. He strips them off first, then his shirt, before he crawls back onto the bed, kissing his way from my foot to the top of my thigh, his hot breath stirring me even more.

"Not today. I want to do depraved things to you every day after today. But not today. Today, I'll make love to you. I want you to feel it every time I slide into your perfect body that I love you. Yesterday. Today. And as many tomorrows as we might have, I love you Sloane. I've always loved you. Let me show you with my body what's been in my heart all this time."

Hemi kisses me again, his hands travelling over my br**sts, teasing my ni**les, then down to my stomach and beyond. With his fingers, he brings me right to the edge, but before I fall, he moves over me, guiding his thick head to my entrance.

Looking down at me, his eyes boring holes into mine, Hemi brushes his lips back and forth over my mouth, his breath tickling as he says. "I love you, Sloane Locke."

"And I love you, Hemi Spencer," I reply.

With his eyes fixed on mine, Hemi enters me in one smooth motion. I gasp and he groans, the feeling of his body buried in mine nothing less than exquisite. He fills me so completely, fits me so perfectly, that I know it's meant to be. It's natural. It's fated.

And, just like he intended, with our bodies joined and him staring into my eyes, I feel exactly what's been in his heart all this time.

It's the same thing that's been in mine.

Eternity. Eternity together. Eternity in love.

EPILOGUE - Sloane

18 months later

"I have no clue why you're nervous. Personally, I think you're batshit crazy."

"Sarah, I'm not batshit crazy. I'm not crazy at all. I just don't know how he'll react."

"Yes, you do. He loves you, dumb ass."

"I know he loves me, but..."

"But what?"

"We've always talked about the future as being after the trial. Well, the trial is over. It's been four months since Duncan was convicted of involuntary manslaughter of Hemi's brother. Four months since my brother was cleared of all suspicion after they busted Duncan. And even longer since they proved Duncan used Steven's security pass that he'd been stealing at night. Now we're free to move on. Just like Hemi said we would. Only he hasn't really talked about it much. At least not seriously. Not like we're making definitive plans. And now this."

This!

"Speaking of all that cloak and dagger shit, have they still not figured out a way to tie Duncan to the death of his informant? That guy who was muling all those drugs who just happened to have a very nasty, very fatal car accident after Hemi's brother died and Duncan got too scared to continue?"

"Nope. He may end up getting away with that one. He thought he'd tied up all the loose ends. He just didn't count on Hemi. One thing you can be sure of, though. My brother won't rest until Duncan has paid for all his crimes. Steven was devastated. And Duncan's father was appalled. I mean, Duncan used him to get the details on the coke bust to start with. Otherwise he'd never have known how much was locked up down there."

"Well, even if he doesn't get convicted of it by the courts, some big jailbird named Bubba will make it right. He'll take it right out of Duncan's ass. The hard way."

"Ewww, Sarah!"

She giggles at my reaction and I smile and shake my head. I press my foot to the brake, stopping at the stop sign before turning onto the street where Hemi and I now live. A few months ago, we bought a beautiful house in a subdivision right outside Atlanta and he's there today finishing up the painting of the office. Even though I don't like being away from him, even if it's for a little while, I'm filled with anxiety about going home.

Since that trip to the hospital when I had the flu, Hemi and I haven't spent one night apart. I graduated college three months ago and we both work full-time at The Ink Stain now. We're together a lot. And it never gets old. I never get tired of him. I think, if anything, I just want him more. I love him more.

We've talked about the future quite a bit. I'm just now twenty-three and Hemi is thirty. We've talked about what comes next, but haven't made any set plans. We've even talked about having kids, which we decided to consider more after the wedding. Of course, I wanted to get started immediately. Or six months ago.

Now, that won't be an issue.

My stomach flips over nervously. "Well," I begin, addressing Sarah. "I'm almost home. I guess I'd better go. Wish me luck."

"You won't need luck, Sloane. You've got the love of one of God's rare creatures-a good man. You won't ever need luck again."

I feel a tiny bit better after hearing that. But it doesn't completely eradicate my anxiety.

"I'll call you tomorrow."

"Okay. If all else fails, take off your clothes."

"That's good, sound advice. Why didn't I think of that?"

"Trust me. It works," she declares. "Anyway, call me tomorrow, chickie."

"Tomorrow," I agree returning her kiss noise before disconnecting.

I park in the garage and hit the button to close the door as I make my way up the short set of steps that lead into the house.

I check the office first. I get a little pang when I take in the pale sage walls, a color I picked out so that when a baby does come along, we won't have to repaint and worry about fumes while I'm pregnant.

Now, that won't be an issue either.

Hemi's nowhere to be found, so I head for the master. I kick off my shoes and throw them into the closet as I pass, moving toward the bathroom where the light is on. Hemi is standing at the counter, in front of the sink, holding something in his hand.

When I stop just inside the doorway, he looks up and smiles.

"Hey, beautiful. How'd it go?"

"Just fine. No cavities, even though you keep carrying me to bed when I fall asleep on the couch and not waking me up to brush my teeth."

He grins. "But you're so sweet when you're sleeping. I don't have the heart to wake you up."

I step farther into the room, melting into him and poking my finger in his chest. "Well, you'd better start, mister. I don't want my teeth to rot out."

"I thought you said they're fine."

"They are. I'm just saying I don't want it to be a problem."

"Then I'll start waking you up. But be warned that if I wake you up and you look at me with those sleepy, sexy eyes of yours, it's liable to prolong you actually getting to sleep."

"Okay," I reply with a grin of my own. Finally, I glance down at his hand. My stomach sinks when I see what he's holding. "Why are you holding my birth control pills?"

Hemi glances down at the little pink case, turning it over and over in his fingers. "I was just thinking about the trial and how things can finally move forward now that it's over. My brother's killer got justice. Your brother's betrayer got uncovered. There's nothing holding us back. Nothing preventing me from putting a baby in this beautiful body and watching it grow."

I feel my throat close around a lump of emotion. Tears sting my eyes and there's nothing I can do to stop them. "Really?"

"Really," he assures. "What would you say if I threw these away? Right this minute. Just dumped them in the trash and dragged you into the bedroom to ravage you?"

"I would say that I need to throw them out anyway."

His brow wrinkles. "What? Why?"

"You remember last month when you insisted that I go to the doctor for that sinus infection?"

"Yes, but I only did that because you'd never have gone if I didn't keep harassing you. And you'd have ended up being sick for a lot longer."

"Well, remember he gave me a round of antibiotics? I didn't think anything about us using some other form of birth control for the rest of the month. I don't know why, but I just didn't."

"What do you mean? Why would we need to do that?"

"Antibiotics can interfere with birth control. You're supposed to use a back-up method for the month that you're taking the antibiotics."

"So what are you saying?"

"I'm saying I didn't even think about it. And we didn't use any other forms of birth control. And..."

The words die on my tongue. All of a sudden this is very real. This is a very significant milestone for us. A curve in the road. A turning point. I'll know in a minute if Hemi is as steadfast as he says, as he seems. I'll know if he's really in this for the long haul.

"Are you saying you're pregnant?" he breathes.

I feel my chin tremble as I nod.

Hemi closes his eyes as he exhales, dropping his forehead to mine. "Oh my God. Oh my God, I can't believe this."

My stomach is a knot of confusion and fear. I don't know what to make of his reaction. But I'm terrified he's not happy about the news.

But then Hemi drops to his knees in front of me. Slowly, he lifts my shirt and presses his lips to my still-flat belly. He doesn't move for the longest time. All I feel is the warm air from his nose as it tickles my skin.

When he finally shifts, it's only to speak. His lips move over my belly, his voice so low I have to strain to hear him.

"Hello in there, baby Spencer," he whispers. "I'm your dad. I can't wait for you to get here, to see what you look like and how you feel in my arms. But until then, know that I love you already. And I always will. To my dying breath, I'll love you. Just like I love your mom."

I don't even bother to try and stop the tears that are streaming down my face and dripping off my nose to pepper the top of Hemi's head. It's like the baby we made, though only five weeks old, is being christened, christened with tears of joy. Hemi and I have both already cried so much in our lives, tears of sadness and pain, of fear and anger. But now there is no room for any of that, just like there's no room for regret. Now, there is only the beauty of today and the hope of tomorrow, and the love that we share in between.

And if I die an untimely death like my mother before me, I'll have lived every second of every day of my life with all the bravery and enthusiasm and love that I'm capable of. And I'll have lived it with Hemi. And our child. There's nothing more that I could ask for in life.

Not. One. Single. Thing.

THE END

