CHAPTER ONE - Jenna

May

"No sex before the wedding. For me and Trick. Or for you and Rusty," Cami says.

With my mouth hanging open, I watch her unpack her suitcase. She's staying with me during this ridiculous celibacy thing she's insisting she and Trick observe the last couple of days before the wedding. She said nothing about dragging my libido into it.

"What?" I exclaim as she crams some shorts in beside the few belongings I brought home for the month. Having just graduated college, I didn't pack much. I didn't think there was a need. Now, seeing all the crap Cami travels with, I'm glad I didn't. There's not enough room for both of us in here. "No sex for me either? What the hell kind of twisted joke is this?"

She laughs. "I knew you'd love it."

"Um, excuse me. Have you met me?"

"I knew you'd love it...when I told you how good it would be for the boys. I read an article about the benefits of anticipation. Sexually speaking. But then I started thinking about how much it would make the guys miss us if we weren't so...accessible. How much more they'd appreciate us, and how they'd realize how lucky they are to have us." Cami nods her head slowly, meaningfully until I see what she's getting at.

"Ohhh, I think I see where this is going."

Cami grins. "That doesn't mean we can't tease them. And make them wish we were more...available. We just won't be. Until after the wedding."

"Riiight," I say, nodding along now.

"But you have to stick with it, Jenna. No caving."

I'm already recognizing the merit of her plan and how it could lead to very good things for me and Rusty. "No caving," I agree. "Unless Rusty finally drops the L bomb. If that happens, I'll be on him like stink on shit." Cami wrinkles her nose as she eyes me. "Okay, bad analogy. I'll be on him like a cheap suit. Better?"

Her brow smoothes. "Much." She reaches into her suitcase and takes out more clothes, these on hangers. She walks to the closet and begins hanging them on the empty half of the rod. "So, still no progress on that front?"

I sigh. "No. I know he loves me. Well, at least I think he does, but it's like he's blocked when it comes to this stuff. He just won't break down and tell me."

"Well, as long as you know..."

I feel a pout come to my lips and I can't seem to stop it. "But it's not enough. I need to hear it. I need to know for sure, beyond the shadow of a doubt."

"Some guys just aren't the type to spill their guts like that, Jenna."

I plop down on the bed, shoulders slumping forward as I pick at the bedspread. "I know. But I hope Rusty's not one of them. You know how I am, Cami. I tell it like it is. I don't think I could live my life always wondering if maybe I was wrong, if maybe I'd imagined it and he really doesn't love me. Not the way he should anyway. I don't want to make plans for my future, plans that include him, and-"

Cami's gasp interrupts me. "Does that mean you got the interviews?"

I can't help but smile. "Yep. Both of 'em."

"Jenna, that's awesome! Ohmigod, this is just what you wanted."

"I know, but you see why this is stressing me out? I don't want to make plans for my future until I know where Rusty stands. I mean, he already thinks I'm the leaving kind and this will just make it seem like he's right."

"The leaving kind?"

"Yeah. He's always teasing me about being too restless for this town, about having plans that are too big for this town. I've never tried to hide how much I hate it here or how I want to live in a bigger city. Maybe Atlanta. But sometimes, I think he sees us as...temporary because of it. He thinks I'm some sort of wild child that will never settle down."

"You are a wild child, Jenna. But that's not a bad thing. It's who you are. It's what makes us all love you so much."

"But that doesn't mean that I'm gonna bail on someone I love."

"No, it doesn't. And I'm sure Rusty knows that. Deep down."

"That's the problem. I'm not sure that he does. His dad abandoned him and his mom when he was little and I think it effed up his head."

Cami shrugs. "Maybe, but he can overcome that. You can show him that you're here to stay. With him, I mean."

I sigh again. "That's what I'm trying to do. But sometimes I'm just not sure it will ever be enough. Maybe it's Rusty who's the leaving kind. Maybe his fear will always keep him from committing, from loving someone like he should. Like he could. But that's the thing-I need to know so I can move forward, one way or the other. But I'm scared shitless to tell him about the interviews. What if it makes up his mind for him? What if he thinks it's me saying I'm leaving him and not just this town? What if-"

"He'll come around for you, Jenna," Cami interrupts as she finishes hanging her clothes. When they're all neatly arranged in my closet, she comes to sit on the bed with me, bumping me with her shoulder until I look over at her. "For you. Trust me. That boy loves you, no matter how much he might try to deny it. Just give him time."

"I'm trying. I'm trying."

"See? My plan is a good one. Maybe he'll realize that he can't live without you. That he doesn't even want to try."

"I was hoping he would see that during one of the many, many weeks we were apart while I was at school, but it's not looking like he did."

Cami pats my knee. "But now you're back home. And school is over. Maybe he'll see how much he likes having you around. And how awful it would be if you got a job in Atlanta and didn't get to come back here as much as you did during school."

"I hope so. I can't wait forever."

"You won't have to. I promise."

I just hope she's right.

Shaking off the depressing thoughts that are threatening to infringe on my bestie's good mood, I hop off the bed and pull Cami up with me.

"Come on, old wise one, I'd say Fab Dad has something delectable waiting for us in the kitchen."

We've both referred to my father as "Fab Dad" for as long as I can remember.

"God, I wish my dad cooked like yours. And was as sweet as yours."

"But then he wouldn't be Jack Hines, now would he?"

Cami sighs. "No. And God forbid I have even one family relationship that doesn't give me indigestion for the rest of my life."

"You and Trick are too perfect. God gave you drama everywhere else to even the playing field. No one's life is perfect. Yours was just getting too damn close," I offer as we walk into the kitchen.

"Language, young lady," my dad, Cris Theopolis, scolds from the other side of the island.

"Sorry, father," I respond formally in jest.

"So," he begins conversationally as he piles a heap of French toast and bacon onto two plates, "what are my two favorite girls up to today?"

I watch as he drizzles his homemade peach syrup over the toast. My mouth waters accordingly. "Oh, just girl stuff. Wedding stuff. You know, fun stuff."

"This'll be good for Jenna, Cami," Dad says as he slides a plate in front of her. "Maybe it'll make her want to settle down and give her old man some grandkids."

"You're not old enough for grandchildren, Daddy."

"Of course I am."

"You don't look it."

"If you're sucking up, you're off to a particularly good start."

"I know. I got your stunningly youthful genes and a winning personality."

"Let's not forget a double dose of humility," my father says wryly.

"How could I forget that?"

"How indeed," he says with a roll of his eyes. "Well, this ought to give you girls enough energy to tackle any amount of wedding hoopla, so eat up."

I glance over at Cami. She's already put away a piece and a half of toast. "You don't have to ask us twice."

Dad winks at me and leans across the island to scrub my head, like he's done for as long as I can remember. He's one of the best things about coming home. This town isn't exactly my favorite place, but there are a few positives. And two of them are in the room with me right now. If it weren't for them, and Rusty, of course, I'd probably never come back.

Rusty, I think with an internal sigh as I take a bite of toast. The wild card in my future.

CHAPTER TWO - Rusty

"Who the hell came up with this piss-poor idea?" I ask.

Trick pops his head up from under the hood of a '67 Chevy truck. "It's hard to say. My money would be on Jenna. This sounds like some wicked plan of hers, don't you think?"

Giving it a few seconds' thought, I have to agree. "You're probably right. She probably read in some magazine or something that it would make sex better or some such bullshit."

"That sounds like Jenna. And, while I'm all about great sex, I can tell you right now that this is needless on my part. I don't think it's possible for our sex life to get any better."

"Same here. Jenna's a damn hellcat in bed."

Trick laughs. "I'm not surprised. I kinda get that impression."

"Right. So what the hell?"

"Who knows? They're women. I don't think God Himself understands what they do sometimes."

"Duuude," I say, holding out my fist for Trick to bump. And he does. "Couldn't agree more."

"Of course, maybe Jenna wants to show you what you're missing. You know, since you're a pansy about telling her how you feel."

"I'm not a pansy, you prick! Jenna and I are on the same page. We both know she's not the kind to stay around here."

"No, she's not, but you always wanted to open up a garage somewhere near a bigger city so you could do high-end classic restorations. So what's the problem?"

I shrug. "There's no problem. Jenna's restless. It is what it is. Sometimes people leave, no matter how much you want them to stay. Trust me, Jenna knows the score."

"Man, I think you don't know that girl half as well as you think you do. That or you're just trying to lose her."

"Now, why would I want to do that?"

"Hell if I know. You're the one with the issues."

"Issues? Kiss my ass. I don't have issues."

"Of course not. It's perfectly normal for a guy to be so much of a pu**y about telling a woman how he feels, that he dicks around until he loses her."

"Actually, that probably is perfectly normal. That shit comes with having balls."

"Or not having balls."

"God, you're ornery this morning. What's your deal?"

"You think I'm looking forward to sleeping alone just because your girlfriend thought it would be a cool experiment?"

"Hey, we still don't know whose brainchild this was. Don't blame my girlfriend. It was probably your fiancee. You are getting married in a couple of days after all. Maybe there's some kind of ancient superstition that Cami read about."

Trick raises his head again. "Why are we still talking about this?"

"Because I've got blue balls already, that's why."

Trick quirks one eyebrow. "Well, then we'll just have to make them suffer until they come begging for this stupid thing to be over."

My grin is slow and I can see it reflected on my best friend's face. "Oh, hell yeah we will."

I like the sound of this already.

CHAPTER THREE - Jenna

I can't wait for Rusty to see what I'm wearing. I dressed specifically with torturing him in mind.

Cami and I made all kinds of salads and desserts this morning to bring to her house for the cookout slash bridal shower. It's an unconventional event, but she wanted Trick to participate in everything with her. Therefore, the bridal shower now includes the groom, and tomorrow night's bachelorette party will include the bachelors. Crazy as hell if you ask me. But she didn't. She wants Trick around for all of it, and who am I to try to talk her out of it? Besides, she did let me plan the bachelorette party. That alone was worth a thousand other compromises.

There are already a dozen cars parked along the side of the road leading to Cami's house, but someone put a saw horse on the side of the driveway where she usually parks. My guess is it was Trick, saving a spot for his fiancee. I won't deny that it makes me a little green, what they have. I want it for myself. With Rusty. If he ever gets to that point.

And that's a big if.

I get out and move the saw horse so Cami can pull in. We waste no time in loading up our arms and taking all the foil-wrapped dishes straight down into the back yard.

I look around as we walk, but Rusty is nowhere to be found. He and Trick must be doing some manly stuff inside. Whatever that may be. If I had to guess, I'd say it involves them pounding beer somewhere in the house.

Cami and I are setting dishes on one long, cloth-covered table when I see the patio door open and Trick emerge. I know Rusty won't be far behind. And he's not. He comes out next, holding a beer just like Trick. They're both laughing at something. I turn to face him and wait for his eyes to find me.

When they do, I feel the warmth of the bright blue orbs and I smile when he stops dead in his tracks. Even from this distance, I can tell exactly where they are on my body. He starts at my feet, taking in my strappy, sexy platforms. Then he works his way slowly up my legs, making them tingle. I can tell the instant he gets to the ragged hem of my cut-off blue jean shorts. I can almost feel his fingers tracing the edge of them, teasing the elastic of my panties underneath. I squeeze my thighs together to stop the ache that started the instant I saw him. No sense in getting all worked up when I can't do anything about it.

His eyes finally continue to rise, traveling over the slice of exposed skin on my stomach to the edge of my t-shirt and then stopping on my boobs. I see his chest rise and fall with his deep breath and my ni**les pucker into points. Rusty's mouth drops open a little bit and I wonder if he can see them through my shirt. I'm sure he knows they're begging for his mouth.

When his gaze meets mine, I know I'm right. His eyes are shooting blue flames at me. And my body reacts accordingly.

Very slowly, he walks toward me. I can't help but get excited as I watch him. His loose gait is like that of a lion, stalking his prey. And I'd love to be Rusty's prey. For him to stalk me until he catches me, to grab me with his hands and hold me down so he can devour me.

Shit a monkey, woman! You've got to stop thinking like this!

Rusty's body is almost as familiar to me as my own. As I take in his dark chestnut hair, sticking up at all different angles, his wide shoulders, encased in snug navy cotton, and the ripped jeans that hug his thighs so perfectly, I consider throwing Cami's plan right into the toilet and asking Rusty to take me upstairs and let me give him a few more tears in his clothes.

But when I meet his eyes, I don't. I see lust there, but I also see something else. Something I know is worth waiting for. At least until I can't stand to wait any longer. That alone is why I just smile when he stops in front of me.

"Damn you, woman," he breathes, inhaling so deeply I feel his chest brush mine.

I give him my most innocent expression and blink wide eyes at him. "What?"

"You wore this just for me, didn't you?"

I trail my fingers from my collarbone, down between my br**sts to my stomach. "What, this old outfit?"

"Yeah, 'this old outfit'," Rusty says, glancing left and right then taking another small step closer to me. I can feel his thighs against mine. And I can feel the growing bulge between them. "This shirt that makes my palms itch to feel your ni**les," he says, tugging at the hem of my shirt, the back of his hand tickling my stomach. "And these shorts that are so short I could slide my fingers right up under them," he says, reaching one hand down between us to barely stroke my inner thigh. "And feel those damp panties of yours."

I'm breathless. Already. And I know from experience that it will only get worse. Rusty does to me what no one else in the world can.

"What makes you think they're damp?"

"Because I know you, baby. I know you put them on with thoughts of me taking them off. I know, even now, you're wishing that I'd take you upstairs and pull them slowly down your legs so that I could...do things to you."

"Maybe you're right," I whisper. "But we both know that won't happen so it doesn't matter."

"This is going to make you just as miserable as it will me."

"Maybe."

Rusty grins. "Oh, no. It will. I'll see to it."

I lift one brow. "Is that right? Well then bring it! Touche, pu**ycat."

"Touche, indeed."

With a wink that turns my insides to mush, Rusty reaches around and slaps my butt before he moves past me, his shoulder brushing my aching ni**les. I close my eyes for a second, wondering if this might actually hurt me worse than it does him.

********

I flop down in one of the deep cushions of the patio chair. "Phew! I'm glad that's over."

I hear Cami's sigh. She's sitting on the outdoor sofa with her legs curled under her, leaning into Trick's side. "Me, too. That was exhausting!"

"But at least it wasn't embarrassing. I was just sure Rusty's present would be a sex swing and you'd have to explain it to your mom."

"Rusty what?" Rusty asks as he appears at the door, stepping out onto the patio.

"I was just telling them I figured you'd get them something like a sex swing."

He grins and comes to sit in the chair beside mine. "That's why I wanted to shop for it without you. I wanted to show you I could be unguy-like sometimes."

"So you're saying the wine fridge-keg cooler combo unit was your only consideration?"

"I didn't say that."

"Ah-ha! I knew it!"

"Look, I'm a guy. Of course I thought first of a sex swing. But I figured some prudish old blue-haired woman might have a heart attack when it was unwrapped. Or that Cami's dad might whip my ass."

"I'd gladly let Jack whip your ass for a present like that."

"Of course you would, dickhead! But even I don't love you that much."

"Well, I think you did a great job, baby," I croon to him.

"Great enough to get some kind of reward?" he asks, waggling his eyebrows at me.

I pause for a few seconds. "Sure. What did you have in mind?" I know exactly what he has in mind, but I want to hear it. Even if we can't do it, I still like hearing what goes on in his head.

"How 'bout a lil skinny-dippin'?"

I perk up instantly. Not only does that sound cool and refreshing, but it sounds like fun. Hot, playful fun.

"You're on," I say, coming to my feet. "You two coming?" I ask Cami.

She looks at Trick and grins. "Yeah, I think we will."

"We will?" he asks.

"If you want to see me in anything less than what I'm wearing right now, then yes, we will."

"I'm in," Trick replies enthusiastically. We all laugh.

The four of us strike out across the yard, bathed in warm breezes and pale moonlight. It already looks like the perfect night for a naughty tryst, which will make it that much harder not to...indulge. But I think Cami's right. I think maybe this will be a good way to make Rusty see what he's missing out on. Maybe he'll realize he doesn't want to be without me. It's worth a try anyway. Rusty's worth a lot of tries.

We drop into single file formation as we trek through the woods. I've heard Cami talk about the pond on their property and how much she and Trick love to visit it, but I've never been. When the trees part to reveal an oval clearing dominated by a sparkling fresh-water pond and absolute silence, I can see why it's a favorite of theirs. It would be a favorite of mine, too.

Trick and Cami drift off to one side. I can barely make out their whispers and Cami's giggles from where I'm standing. It's just enough privacy for everyone without there being...trouble.

When I feel a palm brush my butt and Rusty appears at my side, I quit thinking of anyone except him.

"Need some help with these?" Rusty asks, trailing his hand over my hip as he walks around in front of me.

"I think I just might. This zipper can be awfully hateful," I say with mock seriousness.

"Mmm, I figured as much," he says, stepping in close to me again. I can feel warmth radiating from his body as though there's nothing between us at all-no clothes, no air, no emotional separation. Just... heat. "But we'd better start with your shirt. I don't want to get tangled up in it as I'm working on that faulty zipper." His eyes appear black in the low light, his dilated pupils overwhelming the azure of his irises.

"I'll trust your judgment," I reply, my heart already racing.

"Lift your arms," he commands quietly, his eyes never leaving mine.

Obediently, I lift my arms over my head and I wait. Rusty watches me for several seconds before he presses his palms to my waist and slides them slowly upward, caressing my rib cage, thumbs teasing my ni**les as he drags up the material of my shirt. I close my eyes for a heartbeat as he runs his palms up my arms, bringing my tee with them. When Rusty gently removes the shirt from my head, I open my eyes again, falling head long into the desire I see in his.

"Thank you," I breathe.

"Now for this pesky thing," he muses as he slides a finger under the strap of my bra. "I'm sure it could get in the way."

"I'm sure," I agree, trying hard to remember my objective so that I don't get lost in the moment.

Rusty reaches around me and pops open the hook of my bra with one flick of his fingers. He runs his hands up over my shoulders and down my arms, removing my bra straps as he goes.

I see his eyes flicker down. My ni**les tighten when I hear him suck in a breath through his clenched teeth. I know he wants to touch them. He loves my body. He's told me a thousand times as he worships every inch of it. But this time, he'll have to love it from a distance. Even if it's a short distance.

"My shorts," I prompt, knowing I'm dangerously close to giving in to my need of him.

Rusty's gaze comes back to mine. He doesn't move. Or speak. He just watches me. I know he's fighting touching me. And I let him.

Finally, he drops to one knee and reaches for my waistband. Carefully, he unbuttons my shorts and then slowly unzips them. He doesn't touch me in any way except when he leans forward just enough to press his lips to the top edge of my panties.

Heat pours into my core and my body throbs for him to kiss me lower. Then lower still. But he doesn't. With his face so close I can feel his breath, Rusty pulls my shorts down my legs then follows them with my panties.

When I'm standing before him, wearing nothing but my shoes and a passion for him that never seems to die, he looks up at me. For a few seconds, I think it's over. The game is over. He's going to kiss me and I'm going to let him. But he doesn't. Instead, Rusty stands slowly to his feet and says, "Your turn."

I kick off my shoes, take a deep breath and curl my fingers in the hem of Rusty's shirt. I pull it up, letting my hands touch his hard, smooth skin as I go. I can feel every ripple of his abdomen, every hard bulge of his pecs, but I don't give in to my urge to press my lips to them.

I stretch up on my tiptoes to tug his shirt over his head. He's taller than me, so I have to sway slightly toward him to reach high enough. My br**sts graze his chest and I gasp. I can't help it. The sensation of his skin touching my ni**les flashes through me like a bolt of lightning, hot and electric.

"Jen-na," he warns gruffly.

"Sorry," I pant. I throw his shirt to the side and drop to my knees in front of him. I reach for the button of his jeans. I pause with my fingers tucked just inside his waistband and I look up at him. His face is set in stone and his jaw is clenched. I know this is hard for him. And when I let my eyes travel down, I can see the enormous bulge that assures me just how hard it is for him. Impulsively, I lean forward and press my lips to it. I hear him moan and his fingers wind into my hair, holding me to him for a few seconds before he tugs my head away.

"You'd better hurry it up or this is all over with," he says hoarsely.

I grin up at him. "Can't handle it?"

He opens his mouth to say something, but stops, clamping his teeth shut with a click. He watches me for a bit before his lips curve into a smile. "We'll see who can handle what," he responds, crossing his arms over his chest. "Continue."

He's steeling himself against wanting me, which makes me want to tease him that much more. I want to break him. I want him to give in because he just can't stand it. I want him to forsake all else for me, for the want of me, for the love of me. That's all I've ever wanted from Rusty-his devotion. The same kind of devotion I have for him.

With determination, I smile up at him and unbutton his jeans. I reach for the zipper and ease it down over his erection. I ignore the pulsing between my legs. This is about Rusty.

I run my hands around his waist and slide them down over his butt, pushing down his jeans as I stroke the backs of his thighs, letting my chin graze his belly as I look back up at him.

With glittering eyes, Rusty watches me. I feel him shift as he kicks off his shoes and steps out of the jeans now pooled at his feet. And then he waits. Waits for me to finish.

I trail my fingers up the outsides of his legs and tease the bottom of his boxer briefs, running my fingers up high enough that I can feel the crease where his thighs meet his hips. I see him twitch behind the white cotton.

Bringing out my hands, I reach up to grasp the elastic band of his underwear and I tug, carefully freeing his shaft before I drag them down his legs. When he steps out of them, I hold onto his thighs as I rise. As my mouth passes his hard length, I stick out my tongue and drag it along the thick vein that runs from base to tip.

I hear him growl and I smile as I straighten in front of him. "Ready?"

"To skinny dip with the devil? Sure," he replies, a slow grin coming to his face.

With speed a striking snake would envy, Rusty bends and throws me over his shoulder. I squeal in surprised delight as he takes off running toward the water and jumps off the bank, plunging us both into the cool, black pond.

CHAPTER FOUR - Rusty

It's been hours and I still can't sleep. Cami and Jenna had asked that I stay with Trick during this forced period of celibacy. I think each of us is supposed to watch the other, making sure no one cheats by paying any late-night visits. And it's probably a good idea, because if there was ever a night I'd be likely to climb a tree to try and get to Jenna through Cami's window, tonight would undoubtedly be it.

Just the thought of hearing Jenna laugh as we played in the water, just the memory of her playfully wrapping her arms and legs around me and pressing her cool lips to mine, just the knowledge that her tight, hot body was within centimeters of my granite-hard cock-well, it's enough to keep a man up at night.

With a growl, I throw back the covers and stomp through the living room and into the kitchen. I have to laugh when I find Trick sitting at the island, in the dark, nursing a beer.

"What the hell, man?" he says when I turn on the light.

"If we ain't sleeping, we're drinking. Now go get your stash of beer from downstairs. We're gonna need a lot more than what's in the fridge. We've got some hot blood to cool."

"This is gonna be a long week, isn't it?"

"Hell yeah, it is!"

We both sigh and Trick gets up to go downstairs. I walk to the fridge and take out the rest of the cold beer in there to make room for more. I figure we'll have these downed in less than an hour.

I shake my head as I think again of Jenna. I don't know what that girl's trying to do to me, but if it includes death from over-excitement, she's well on her way.

CHAPTER FIVE - Jenna

It's after lunch and Rusty is on my mind even more than usual, which is always a lot. This whole look-but-don't-touch (or at least don't touch anything too much) is eating me up. But in a really good way. For whatever reason, I almost feel closer to Rusty, like we're sharing a private joke. I guess we are, actually. A private joke that's like the ultimate foreplay. And neither of us knows how much we can take before we give in.

But wading through every sweetly torturous moment is half the fun.

"So they are meeting us there, right?" I ask Cami, who's sitting in the passenger seat of my car, fiddling with her phone.

"Yes. For the millionth time yes! They're supposed to be there by 1:30."

"Okay," I say with a smile. Cami's turns her attention right back to her phone and types something out furiously. "Just what the hell are you doing?"

Cami's head jerks up and she glances guiltily at me, shielding her cell phone against her chest. "Nothing. Why?"

I gasp. "You're sexting!"

"Am not."

"Are, too! You are a dirty little sexter! Don't even bother to hide it. Your cheeks are blood red and your pupils are huge!"

Cami grins. "Are they really?"

"Ohmigod, you two are horrible!"

"You say that like you don't do it."

"I haven't texted Rusty one naughty thing since you told me what we were doing with this no sex thing."

"Really? I'm impressed."

"You should be, you cock-blocking gutter snipe!"

"Cock-blocking gutter snipe?" she laughs.

I giggle. "I don't know where in blue blazes that came from. See what a lack of sex does to me?"

"I figured you'd have caved already. You're not the celibate type."

"Neither are you. At least not where Trick's concerned."

She smiles wider. "He does make it awfully hard to do without."

My sigh is wistful, as thoughts of Rusty's talented...parts come to mind. "Gotta love a man with magic in his pants."

At 1:22, Cami and I are pulling into the parking lot outside the Crazy Clown Costume Shoppe in Summerton. It's the nearest more-than-one-horse city to our hometown of Greenfield, South Carolina. We get out and walk to the door, both of us stopping to stare at the cardboard cut-out standing on the sidewalk like a proud, bipolar sentry at the shop entrance.

The guy is wearing a fuzzy red wig, a squishy red nose and his face is painted white with a big, black smile around his mouth. From neck up, he's a clown. But from waist down, it's a different story. He's wearing a Chippendale bow tie, forearm cuffs like Conan the Barbarian, underwear with an elephant trunk at just the right place and chaps to finish him off. He's sort of a costume clusterfu-.

"Please God, tell me you didn't pick any of this for Trick," Cami pleads as we approach the door, interrupting my thoughts.

I giggle. "Well, not all of it."

She looks at me from the corner of her narrowed eyes and I smile as angelically as someone like me can smile.

A chime sounds as we walk through the door. A short, olive-skinned, small-framed guy dressed in full drag-and I mean full drag-greets us from near the cash register.

"Welcome, ladies," he says with something similar to a lisp.

His clothes are girly enough-pink sequined mini dress, black feather boa, black fishnets, pink polka dot platforms-and the silky, straight pink wig even matches. But it's the flat masculine ni**les visible above the plunging neckline of the dress that gives the clerk's gender away. That and the bulge about six inches below his navel.

"I'm Loretta. Can I help you find something?"

Loretta?

What I'd thought was a female smoker's voice over the phone was apparently...not. Loretta is a man.

"I'm Jenna. I called a few days ago about some coordinating costumes."

Loretta throws his hands in the air and his mouth forms an O of excitement. "Oh, girl! I've been waiting for you. I can't wait for you to see what I got in for the guys."

Platforms and all, Loretta races toward me and takes me by the hand to start towing me toward the back of the shop. Quickly, I reach out and grab Cami's wrist. If I go, she goes.

The back wall of the store is lined with rows and rows of rolling metal racks. Loretta doesn't stop until we are in the far right, rear corner facing a rack parked under a sign that reads Theopolis.

"I already pulled aside two or three different sizes in all the costumes you asked for. I brought 'em back here with the ladies', just to keep 'em straight. It's the only thing I like straight," he says with a wink and an elbow to my ribs. "They start at large and go through two X. I know how big these corn-fed country boys can be." He waggles his eyebrows comically and delicately slaps my shoulder. I laugh outright.

"Well you know your men," I say, stating the obvious. "Most of the ones coming in are pretty husky."

"Mmm, I love me some husky," Loretta says with a wicked grin. "Now which one of you gets what outfit? Wait! Don't tell me. Let me guess."

Like the expert that he obviously is, Loretta describes exactly what I had envisioned us wearing.

"Damn, Loretta, you're good!" I say in awe.

"Girl, I own a costume shop. I've got an eye for the inner beast," he says confidently.

"Well, two of the guys should be here in a few minutes. They're the two that are giving us the most trouble about the costumes. You know how pig-headed men can be..."

Loretta rolls his eyes. "Mmm mmm, don't I know it?"

"So we've decided to put on a little show for them so that maybe they'll be a little more...agreeable."

Loretta's eyes light up. "Oh, a costume montage? Sign me up!"

"I was thinking something a little more...private."

Loretta smiles. "Not that I don't appreciate what you're thinking, but this is a public business."

"Oh, not that private. I was just thinking maybe put on a little show for the boys. You know, get them a little more excited about dressing up. And seeing us all dressed up."

"Ohhh, I see where you're going. Start the engines up. Get the appetite going. Girl, I like where you're head's at. And I think the dressing rooms in back will work just fine."

I hear the chime of the front door and my pulse skips. That has to be them.

Loretta yips in excitement. "That must be them. You girls go on back," he says, pointing to a curtained door. "There are two separate rooms you can use for fitting. Ms. Theopolis, you go left. Honey, you go right," he says, speaking to Cami. "I'll roll the whole cart back there when I show your guests to you." His eyes are bright and sparkling. It's easy to see that he really loves his job. And men. Hot, corn-fed men.

"Sounds good," I say, grabbing Cami's hand. "Come on, woman. We've got some torture to inflict."

Before we disappear, I loud-whisper to Loretta before he's out of ear shot. "Loretta! I get the red-head."

He nods and gives me a wink. Cami and I are both smiling on our way through the curtain.

CHAPTER SIX - Rusty

I doubt many things would've surprised me more than the man in drag who greeted me and Trick at the door of the costume shop. I think my mouth was still hanging open when he pushed us to the rear of the store and through a curtain to where Jenna and Cami were waiting. Somewhere.

"I'm Loretta," the guy says by way of introduction. "I'll be your host for this afternoon's display. Can I get you boys something to drink?"

Trick and I look at each other then back at him and shake our heads. "No, thanks."

"All right then. You have a seat right here," Loretta says, leading me to a comfortable-looking, bright red chair positioned in front of a private little cubby with a black velvet curtain covering the door. "And you come with me," he says to Trick, disappearing around the corner. "Let's get this show on the road," I hear him say as they're walking away.

I'm sitting in my chair, feeling like a dumbass, when I hear the crackle of speakers coming on line a couple of minutes later. Music pours out around me just before the ambient lights dim and a spot light pops on to illuminate the thick curtain.

I recognize the music. And the song. It's called You Can Leave Your Hat On, and it has an old, burlesque feel to it. It sets a mood; I'm just not sure what for.

Until I see the curtain wiggle.

It parts just enough that I see a knee poke out. In time with the music, the leg straightens. It's curvy and covered in fishnet stocking, with a garter halfway up the thigh. On the foot is an obscenely high, shiny black heel. The curtain parts farther and Jenna steps slowly out of the dressing room.

"Oh damn," I breathe, suddenly warming to the idea of costumes. Jenna smiles and then, pausing, coyly bites her fingertip, looking up at me from beneath her lashes. "I seem to be having some trouble finding juuuust the right costume. I'm looking for...sexy. What do you think of this one?" she asks, her lips curved the slightest bit, just enough to be suggestive. I let my eyes slide over her outfit. She's in a pink and black bustier that her tits are practically spilling out of and some frilly little panty-type things. And the fishnets. And that's it.

"Does it fit okay?" she asks softly, letting her palms glide over the swell of her br**sts. "It feels a little...tight." Before I can answer, she slinks over to my chair and turns, peeking back over her shoulder at me. She wiggles her ass just enough to draw my eye. "How does it look from behind?"

I glance up at Jenna's face. I see the playfulness in her eyes. And the heat. She's toying with me, but she's enjoying it, too. I've always loved that about her.

"The fit is good, but what about the material?" I ask, reaching out to touch her. Before my fingers meet her body, though, she straightens and starts to walk away.

She stops in the doorway of the dressing room, smiling back at me. "Let me try another one. Maybe something else will tickle your...fancy a little more."

When the curtain closes, I lean my head back and close my eyes. It's been a while since I've embarrassed myself in public. If this is the way the afternoon's gonna go, maybe I should start thinking about baseball. Or Margaret Thatcher. Naked. On a cold day.

Before I can conjure one distracting thought, however, I hear the rings on the curtain jingle. Then, all I hear is the music. And the thud of my heartbeat in my ears.

I open my eyes to Jenna masked and dressed in a black leather cat suit with one sparkling silver zipper that goes from throat to crotch. She struts over to me this time, cracking a black leather riding crop over her palm.

She stops in front of the chair and raises one leg to set her stiletto-shod foot on the arm. With her legs spread, I watch as she drags the tail of the riding crop up one long thigh, stopping only when it grazes the V that makes my mouth water.

"How do you like this one?"

I look up at her face. I can see the glimmer in her eyes as she watches me from behind her black domino. She flicks the riding crop between her thighs. I see her lips part like she gasped, only I didn't hear it. She might be doing this to torture me, but she's enjoying the hell out of it, too.

I'm just about to take that crop from her hands and show her how I could use it on her when she turns on her heel and walks back the way she came. My eyes are glued to her ass. Blood pumps through my body with each exaggerated swing of her hips.

As I wait, try as I might, I can't think of baseball or naked, old British women. I can only think of Jenna. And what she might be wearing next. And how much I wish I was in there while she changes.

When the curtain parts a third time, Jenna appears wearing a teeny tiny white dress with a red cross over the left breast. The top is split to the navel and, if she moved just right, I could probably see nipple. On her feet are red shoes. Around her neck is a red stethoscope.

She starts toward me again, but before she reaches me, she stops, dragging the stethoscope from around her neck. She lets it dangle from her fingertips for a few seconds before she drops it onto the floor behind her.

With wide, round eyes, she purses her lips and says, "Oops!" covering her mouth with her fingertips in a gesture Betty Boop would be proud of. Then, in slow motion, she pivots on her high red heel and bends at the waist to pick up her stethoscope.

As the short dress rises over her hips, I see the curve of her ass and the dark shadow between her legs. Damn her, she's not wearing any panties!

I give absolutely no thought to where we are, or the fact that I'm supposed to be keeping my hands off her. I simply get up and go to her. Jenna affects me like that. She consumes me. Completely sometimes.

She yelps in surprise when I jerk her upright and whirl her around. I pull her up against my chest and raise my finger to her lips.

"Shhh," I mutter, backing her up into the dressing room she just vacated.

Once inside, I pull the curtain shut behind us. With that song still playing, I reach around Jenna to feel for the zipper on her skimpy costume. Her breathing is heavy as it hits my lips. She's panting.

I ease down the zipper and then pull the white material from her shoulders, peeling it down to her waist. She's not wearing a bra underneath either; the outfit is cut too low for one. Gently, I palm one plump breast, rubbing my calloused hand over the nipple. Jenna's mouth drops open and I remind her again, "Shhh."

I tweak the pebble and smile when she sinks her teeth into her bottom lip. I bend my head and suck one nipple into my mouth as I push her costume down over her hips. I let it fall down her legs to pool on the floor.

Jenna's breathing is ragged as I kiss my way down her stomach. Cupping the back of her knee, I push back so that she leans into the corner for balance as I bring her foot up off the ground and prop it on my shoulder, opening her up for me.

I place one kiss on the inside of her thigh before I slide my mouth over to nuzzle the silky, wet flesh between her legs. I flick my tongue over her, just once, and I inhale. "God, I miss this." I feel her shudder when I exhale warm, moist air on her. Slowly lowering her leg, I straighten to stand before her. "I miss you."

Jenna's eyes are heavy and her lips are trembling.

"But I'm right here. I've always been right here."

"Still, I can't have you, though, can I?" She watches me with her hazelnut eyes, but says nothing. I wonder if she's thinking the same thing I am. "Let's go home. Before I commit a felony in here."

"Don't let me stop you," she replies softly.

"Oh no. When the time finally comes, I want you screaming my name. More than once." With a grin I know will drive her nuts, I back out of the curtain, telling her just before I close it, "Just remember this when I see you tonight."

I smile all the way out the door. The funny thing is, Trick's already outside waiting on me.

CHAPTER SEVEN - Jenna

When we walk into Lucky's, the only place Cami would agree to have this joint bachelor slash bachelorette venture, my eyes immediately scan the crowd for Rusty. I'm not sure what the female equivalent of blue balls is, or if there even is one, but if there is, I've got it!

Since walking out of the shop with the three of them and getting a chaste kiss on the cheek as Rusty opened the car door for me, I've been unable to think anything other than his lips on me. And how much I want them on me. Now.

I don't see him at first, so Cami and I make our way to the cluster of tables that Daryl, the manager of Lucky's, let us push together under the giant banner that reads CONGRATULATIONS, TRICK AND CAMI! Behind that, in front of the stage, is a curtain I borrowed from the local funeral home. They use it as a partition when the need arises. It's super-sized, solid black and thick as hell, perfect for what I needed. It conceals the night's two main attractions.

I grin when I take in the costumes of the members of the wedding party who have already arrived. I picked them out specifically so they'd match.

One of Cami's bridesmaids is wearing a Playboy bunny get-up. Her husband is wearing a Hugh Hefner-style smoking jacket, a cravat and a grey wig. Another girl is wearing a nurse's costume, one which gives me chills when I look at it because it reminds me of this afternoon. Her counterpart is wearing a surgeon's outfit. There's also a Pocahontas and Brave couple, a Marilyn and JFK couple, and a Fred and Ginger couple already here.

As Cami gives hugs all around, I turn again to look for Rusty. This time I spot him.

And he takes my breath away.

Rusty is gorgeous anyway, but his costume highlights his stellar body. He's shirtless, with only a bandana wrapped around his throat and a cowboy hat on his head. From the waist down, he's all long, muscular legs, tight jeans and dusty boots. I'm sure those are his, because I didn't pick out boots to go with his costume.

He hasn't noticed me yet, so I can look my fill. His broad shoulders are tan and muscular. His chest is wide and well-developed. And his stomach... God help me, I love that stomach! It's trim and ripped, and there's a thin trail of hair that leads from his navel to the most incredible...appendage.

I smile as I think about it. Rusty would probably have a stroke if he knew I was calling it an "appendage."

Suddenly, he turns and his eyes meet mine. It's almost as though he could feel my attention on him. He raises one dark brow, no doubt wondering what I'm grinning about. I smile even wider, knowing it will eat at him until he finds out.

I'm not surprised when he grabs his beer and walks toward me. He's half way across the bar when he starts to slow down. It seems that he's just now noticing what I'm wearing.

And I'd say he likes it very much.

I suck in my stomach and hold out my arms before settling my hands on my hips to let him look. His eyes roam me from my own black cowboy hat, down to my fringed, suede bra, to my bare stomach and on to my chaps, completely open all the way to my boots, but for the frilly little panties I'm wearing underneath.

His mouth drops open the tiniest bit and I feel my heart speed up. I have no doubt if we were alone, or even in a different venue, Rusty would take me by the hand, lead me to the first semi-private place he could find and bury his body in mine until we both lost the ability to think straight.

It's what we do. It's how we affect each other.

And it's wonderful.

He resumes his walk to me. Cami passes in front of him and he watches her go, shaking his head at her outfit. She's wearing a black leather dominatrix ensemble and Trick is wearing the matching submissive one. I watch her cross to Trick and I laugh out loud when he turns and sees her. His jaw goes slack and I'd be willing to bet he got a hard-on instantly. I wouldn't be the least bit surprised if they use these costumes again. In private.

"So, what's the next surprise in Jenna's World of Wedding Wonders?"

"You mean the costumes weren't enough?" I ask. "Don't you like mine?" I look up at him from beneath my lashes, purposely coy as I tease the fringe that hangs from my bra.

"I'd be happy to show you what I think of your costume. Later."

"You would?"

"Mmm," he purrs, leaning in to kiss my neck. Chills spread down my arms.

"Well, since I'm off limits, maybe the other things I've got lined up will take your mind off me. And all the things I'd like for you to do to me in this outfit." I lean in to Rusty, my lips less than an inch from his and I whisper, "And out of it."

"You're evil. Did you know that? You'll probably go to hell for doing this to me."

I run my fingers up his bare chest, to his chin then I trace his bottom lip with my bright red fingernail. "Come burn with me."

"You lead the way," he growls hoarsely, like the heat between us has singed his vocal cords.

I plant my hand on his chest and push. I give him my sauciest grin. "Maybe later," I say, taking a step back. "Or maybe not."

Rusty's breath hisses through his gritted teeth and I laugh outright. Who ever thought this would be so much fun? Torture, for sure. But fun anyway.

CHAPTER EIGHT - Rusty

I never thought it could be so hard to keep my hands off someone. Of course, I've never really tried. All I can say is that, when I finally get between those long legs of Jenna's, there's gonna be an explosion of epic proportions.

And it won't just be me doing the exploding.

As I watch Jenna, I can see invitation in the way she moves. She might as well be shifting against me, close enough for me to touch her. The things she does with her hips and her hands, the way she bends over with that delicious ass of hers tipped perfectly in my direction-all of it is for me, like she can feel my eyes on her. Like she wants to feel my hands on her.

I know this because she keeps looking back, making sure I'm watching. Teasing me. I'd be willing to bet those ruffled little panties she's wearing now include a wet spot. We're engaged in the ultimate game of cat and mouse, and it's keeping us both turned on.

I watch her as she backs toward the curtain that's stretched across the back half of the room. I know there's a stage back there, but there has to be something else. It's a big space she's got concealed!

"Seems like we're missing something in here, doesn't it?" Jenna asks, raising her voice so the rest of the party can hear her.

Shouts go up all around and she smiles, taking a handful of curtain and dragging it along the makeshift line that's stretched across the room. Bit by bit, the edge of a thick black and red mattress is revealed. That's all I can see because it's so dark behind the curtain.

With a flourish, Jenna flings back the curtain. A single spot light flips on, shining down on a dull, black mechanical bull. The crowd goes nuts.

All I can think about is watching Jenna ride that thing.

"Holy shit, it's gonna be a long night," I mutter to myself.

Jenna is grinning from ear to ear. "All right, now that I've got your attention, who's gonna be the first to ride the bull? We gotta get some use out of this thing before the operator gets bored and goes home," she says, gesturing toward the clearly unenthusiastic plaid-clad old man who's sitting on a stool in the corner, leaning over a small console. He probably came with the mechanical bull. I think he might be asleep under the wide brim of his enormous hat. I can't be sure. "Come on, ya bunch of pansies! Who's gonna pony up and ride it first?"

There's lots of shouting and whistling and general loud-mouthing, but no one steps forward. I can see several people trying to get Trick to go first, but he's resisting, content to sit by his hot fiancee.

I hear Jenna's name above the fray, called once, twice then multiple times. In a few seconds, everyone is chanting for her to give that bull a ride.

With an exasperated shake of her head, she turns toward the bull. "Fine. I'll show you how it's done. I just hate to make the rest of you look bad," she teases with a cocky grin.

The old man, awake and alert after all, slides off his stool and hobbles over to Jenna to lend her a hand as she climbs up onto the bull. When she's seated on its wide, leather back, I see her frown. "Something else is missing," she muses loudly, pausing for a second before she shouts, "Music!"

The lights over the stage come on in a burst of color. Standing with their instruments, and one member sitting behind his drums, are the members of Saltwater Creek, the band I used to play in. I glance over at Trick. He's howling happily, his arms raised into the air. He used to play with us, too. He looks at me and smiles. I know this probably makes his night that much better. I return his smile then look back to the stage.

"Something's still missing," Jenna yells. "Oh, I know what it is. We're gonna need more bass."

Heads start turning toward me and I finally look up at Jenna where she's sitting atop the bull. She's looking right at me, grinning. She tips her head toward the stage and I look back in that direction. Everyone in the band is watching me, smiling, and Sam, the bass guitar player, is taking the strap of his guitar off his shoulder. He walks to the front of the stage and holds it out to me.

Quitting the band was a tough decision, but it was the right one. Business at the garage started picking up and it was a matter of growing up and facing my responsibilities, laying the groundwork for my future, or playing with the boys.

Adulthood won out.

But getting a chance to get back up on stage still holds a special lure. And Jenna knows that.

I can't hide my smile as I hop up on the platform and take the guitar. Sam nods at me and I nod back, slipping the leather strap over my shoulder and taking the pick from his outstretched hand. I lay my palm against the body of the guitar and curl my fingers around the neck, settling in to the feel of the cool metal against my skin.

I look out at Jenna and her eyes tell me she knows I'm on top of the world right now. It reminds me of all the things that I love about her that have nothing to do with her body, but with her heart and her soul. She winks and calls out a question that doubles as a song request.

"Who feels like makin' love?"

A rowdy bunch, pretty much everyone in the bar yells out in agreement, so I close my eyes and reach back in my memory for the chords to the song. For a few seconds, everyone quiets and the world fades away as they all wait for me to start picking out the notes. With the first one, I remember how much I love the feel of the strings under my fingertips.

After eight beats, the rest of the band jumps in. I open my eyes and look back out at Jenna. She takes her hat off and gives her head a shake, her dark hair shimmering down her slender back. When she puts it back on her head, her eyes find mine and she winks at me from under the brim. I could easily drop my guitar, jump off the stage and spread her out on that bull and eat her like dessert. But before I can really finish the thought, she reaches down for the leather strap and nods for the bull operator to wind it up.

The rotation starts out slow, like the operator is trying to match the beat of the song. Jenna's body moves in perfect time with it. It's like everything between us and around us is in sync.

It's almost painful to watch her ride that damn bull. Her back arches with each buck of the machine and her hips swivel fluidly, like she's connected to it. Her cheeks are flushed, her lips are parted just a little and I can see the tip of her tongue grazing her teeth. I hope she's thinking what I'm thinking-that the only thing better than this would be if it was me between her legs.

The operator increases the speed and Jenna's body shifts and sways in time with it. All too clearly, I can imagine us in front of a mirror with her moving just like that on top of me. Up and down on my cock, her thighs clamped around my sides, her creamy body squeezing me.

My jeans get tight. Real tight. As the song winds down and the operator slows the bull again, Jenna glances up at me. The look she gives me says she knows what I'm thinking. And I mutter again, "Holy shit, it's gonna be a long night!"

CHAPTER NINE - Jenna

After getting so turned-on by Rusty watching me ride the bull, it's all I can do to keep my composure for the rest of the night. I want him so bad I ache with it.

But stay composed I do. Somehow, I manage to keep it together while cranking up the heat. It's my mission to make the want as painful for Rusty as it is for me. And every time I look at him, I know it's working a little more. The crotch of his jeans is probably extended to the tensile limit of denim. I can't stop the satisfied smirk that comes to my lips as I think of it.

I glance over at Rusty as he watches another girl ride the bull. As if sensing my eyes and my thoughts on him, he turns those bright-blues on me. I wink sassily at him and he raises one eyebrow.

I make myself turn away after that. I'm tempted to go order another shot when I hear the bartender ring the bell that signals last call. I resist the urge because part of my deal with Daryl in him letting us "borrow" Lucky's tonight was that I'd lock up after closing and then come back bright and early in the morning to meet the truck when it comes to collect the mechanical bull. The last thing I need is to be shitfaced while trying to secure a bar that isn't mine.

Less than an hour later, the house lights flash three times in a row and the lights over the stage shut off, my signal to start shooing people out the door. Luckily, the band stopped playing about an hour ago, so no one cares about the stage anymore.

When the bar is empty, but for the little old man who operates the mechanical bull, I give him a fifty dollar tip and push him out into the lot, too, flipping the lock behind him so I can make my way around, cutting off lights before I go home.

I find OFF switches for every light in the place except the one over the dance floor, the dance floor that, for tonight, was occupied by a mechanical bull. I walk behind the bar, searching for a hidden switch. I look through the small storage and break room in back. Still no luck. The only thing I find back there is the radio, which is clearly labeled LEAVE ON, but no other light switches. I decide to check the other side of the building, somewhere near the stage, hoping I can find the controls there.

As I round the corner back out into the bar, I come to a sudden stop, a gasp bubbling up in my chest. There's someone sitting on top of the bull.

I'm only startled for a few seconds, though. My pulse speeds up for an entirely different reason when I recognize the figure straddling the machine.

It's Rusty. And he's watching me.

My feet move me slowly across the room toward him. My heart thumps wildly against my ribs. My mouth goes completely dry as I take him in.

The wide brim of his cowboy hat casts a shadow over his face. But even so, I can feel Rusty's glittering blue eyes fixed on me. The light pouring down on his shoulders accentuates every ripple of muscle in his arms and bathes his perfectly defined abs in a soft, golden glow. His big hands are resting on his thighs, motionless. Chills spread down my arms when I look at those long fingers, remembering all too clearly the pleasure they can bring.

I take a deep breath. "Bar's closed, mister," I say casually as I approach him.

He doesn't respond immediately. When he does, I feel a hot flush move through my core.

"Thought I'd grab a slow ride before you locked up. I missed my chance earlier."

My stomach twitches at his insinuation. He's asking me. Outright. And he's perfectly still as he waits for my reply.

Adjusting my trajectory, I veer to the right and walk to the podium that houses the bull controls. I look down at the console I watched the little old man working earlier. I glance back at Rusty, knowing that if I turn it on, I'm giving him my answer.

My pause is barely that of a heartbeat before I reach up and flip the red switch up to the ON position. To hell with resisting him! I'm not the one getting married.

"How slow do you want it?" I ask provocatively, the sultry music from the radio only adding to the intensity of the moment.

"As slow as you can make it," he replies, a wicked grin twisting his lips.

I ease the lever up the tiniest bit, just enough that I can barely hear the whir of the machine's motor turning. With a groan, the bull moves slightly forward and down, making a leisurely turn on its post. Rusty doesn't move but for the motion of his hips as he rides fluidly on the swiveling bull. When it revolves completely, leaving him facing me again, I see the almost imperceptible tip of his head. "You coming?"

I don't answer him. I don't need to. I step out from behind the console and I walk toward Rusty, an answer in and of itself. Anticipation pours through me when I step up onto the thick, black mat and stop at the base of the slow-moving machine.

Without a word, Rusty holds out his hands. Without a word, I take them.

Effortlessly, he pulls me up onto the bull with him, my back pressed to his chest, his hard body folding in around me. "Put your hands here," he whispers in my ear as he leans forward to show me.

I do as he asks, excitement curling in my stomach. I feel Rusty drag my hair away from my neck just before his lips touch my skin. My ni**les pucker reflexively.

"Do you know how much I wanted to be up here with you tonight?" He pushes his hips against my butt. I can feel how hard he is, just as hard as I knew he would be. "Watching you arch your back," he says, trailing his fingers down my spine, causing me to bow outward. His hand rises back up to the band of my bra, his fingers easily unsnapping it. Slowly, he runs his palms up to my neck and then down over my shoulders, not stopping until he brushes my fingertips, pushing off my top. "I kept imagining how hard your ni**les would be if I were touching them while you rode this bull."

He cups both br**sts in his hands and squeezes. My breath hitches in my throat and heat puddles between my legs.

"I know you were wishing I was up here with you, too. I could see it in every sway of your hips," he murmurs against my neck, the fingers of one hand tracing circles around my nipple as his other travels down the center of my stomach. "And I know that if I could've touched you right then, I'd have found these wet," he whispers, dipping his hand down into my panties and cupping my burning flesh. "Mmmm, just like this."

The lights swirl around me, framed by the pitch black of the empty bar. I close my eyes, abandoning myself to the moment, to the feel of what Rusty's doing to me as he slips one finger inside me.

I moan and let my head fall back against his shoulder. He rolls my nipple between finger and thumb as he thrusts the fingers of his other hand in and out of me. Long, deep movements, like the rhythm of the bull.

"I knew you'd be dripping. Watching me watch you. Wishing you were riding my c**k up here on this bull. Fantasizing about coming for me. In front of all those people. I know you'd like that, wouldn't you?"

Lazily, he drags his fingers out of me to tease my clit with leisurely swirls. I move my hips against him, breathless as the familiar tension builds inside me.

I feel Rusty lean away from me before he puts his hands around my waist and lifts, turning me around on the bull to sit facing him, but not straddling him.

The look on his face is ravenous as he takes off my hat and flings it into the darkness. "Do you think there's anyone outside right now, Jenna? Out there in the dark? Watching us through the windows?"

His lips crash down on mine before I have time to answer. His tongue licks along mine as his hands roam over my br**sts and my stomach, my back and my hips. He's touching me everywhere except the place I need him to touch me most.

When he tears his lips away from mine, he puts his palm between my br**sts and pushes gently, urging me to lie back. I relax over the head of the bull, letting the slow, easy movements of the machine set the pace for what's to come.

Rusty drags his hand down my stomach, not stopping until he reaches the juncture of my widely spread thighs. I feel him move my panties to one side. There's a pause that lasts a lifetime. It's filled with heat and electricity and wild anticipation. And then I feel the hot lick of his tongue. I buck at first, like the imitation bull beneath me might. But then I relax under his mouth, easing my legs back down over the sides of the machine, opening them wider and giving Rusty full access to my body. The blood is rushing to my head, making it swim lightly and I feel the tightening of my muscles as Rusty pushes two fingers inside me. In and out, he moves them as his tongue flickers over my sensitive flesh.

"I wonder if someone's watching me lick you, watching my tongue when I do this," he says, removing his fingers and replacing them with his tongue. He works it into me, penetrating me as deeply as he can, his lips pressing against my most sensitive part as he does. When he moves back up to flick the tiny muscle, sucking it briefly into his mouth, I lose my breath completely.

"Rusty," I manage to say above the twirling lights and dizzying pleasure.

"I bet every man in this bar was wishing he could have a taste of you tonight, to taste that sweet come pour out of you onto his tongue. But I'm the only one who gets to taste you. I'm the one who gets to make you come tonight," he says, the vibration of his words traveling through his lips and stimulating my pulsing flesh.

"Rusty, please."

"Please what?" he asks. "Please eat you in front of whoever might be watching? Or please sit you up so you can ride me until your come runs down my c**k and onto this bull?"

I can't think with him saying these things to me. I can't breathe with him doing these things to me. All I can do is feel. And I feel need-need for Rusty's body. Filling me up. Stretching me tight. Pushing me to the edge.

And I need it now.

"Please," I repeat breathlessly.

Rusty's hands leave me for a few seconds. But then he's winding my legs around his waist, pulling me upright, and slamming me down onto his hard, thick length.

I cry out. A scream, torn from me. I can't help it. Nothing has ever felt more perfect. Or more right.

Our loud moans of pleasure mingle. I can't tell the sounds apart. I just know that there's no better feeling in the world than Rusty, inside me. All around me. With me.

His hands are in my hair as he eases me up and down on him, deeper and deeper with each slow buck of the bull. I shudder against him when he takes my nipple into his mouth and sucks it hard against his tongue.

I knock his hat off and thread my fingers into his hair, holding him to me as he moves my body on his. "I hope someone's watching when you come on me, Jenna," he says hoarsely as he tugs my head back and sinks his blunt teeth into the flesh of my breast. "I want someone to see my mouth on these ni**les. I want someone to see your beautiful body riding my cock. I want someone to see my fingers biting into this delicious ass."

Just then, he leans back and flexes his hips, his fingers digging into my back side. I fall more fully onto him, taking in every long, strong inch. With that one stroke, I explode into a shower of muted sounds and blurring lights. My body spasms around his, squeezing it tight, drawing it in. Rusty grinds his hips into mine before he picks me up and drops me back down onto him, one, two, three times.

Rusty's body goes rigid beneath me and I open my eyes a crack, just in time to see him throw his head back. He lets out a growl that tingles along my nerves. Then I feel the hot pulse of his climax, pouring into me. I feel it inside me, all around me, as the shudder of his body vibrates through my core.

Still awash with sensation, I collapse against Rusty and we sway gently to the rhythm of the bull. After several long minutes, with only the sound of our heavy breathing piercing the quiet around us, Rusty lowers his head to meet my eyes. "Don't ever take this away from me again," he says softly.

"Don't ever ask me to," I reply. As we watch each other, the light shining down on the angles of Rusty's face and the tenderness pouring out from the depths of his eyes, a swell of emotion overcomes me. "I love you," I murmur.

Rusty says nothing. His eyes search mine as he reaches forward to stroke my cheek with his fingertips. Finally sliding his hand around to cup the nape of my neck, he pulls me toward him and captures my lips with his own. The kiss is sweet. Profound. Enigmatic. It says something. I'm just not sure what.

CHAPTER TEN - Rusty

I ease open the unlocked front door of Trick's house. I'm hoping he's already in bed, sleeping off his zillion shots of Patron and his undoubtedly painful set of blue balls before his wedding in the morning. I close the door quietly behind me.

"You are the shittiest best friend ever!" he mumbles from the darkness.

"Holy mother of hell! You're scared the piss out of me!"

With no lights on, I can barely make out Trick's silhouette where he's sitting at the island. I see his arm move as he tips back a bottle. He's drinking. Again.

No sex'll do that to a man!

"Don't you think you ought to knock that off and get some sleep? I'm pretty sure you're supposed to be presentable when Cami meets you at the altar."

"Kiss my ass, man! I'm trying to drown my libido so I can honor my fiancee's wishes. Unlike some people."

"Hey, I'm not the one getting married, dude. I have no clue how Jenna and I ended up involved in this."

"Because you two are our best friends. You're supposed to do it for moral support."

"I was doing it for moral support."

"Then where have you been for the last two hours?"

I chuckle. "Damn, has it been that long?"

"You dawg," Trick shouts, jumping to his feet. "You have been with Jenna!"

"I thought that's what we were talking about."

Trick flicks the kitchen light on and I can see that he's grinning. "I was just yanking your chain, man. I didn't think you'd really cave that fast. You really can't stay away from that girl, can you?"

I hadn't really thought of it that way. "I don't have the same motivation as you. I'm not the one getting married. Besides, you've got the rest of your life to bang your wife. My time with Jenna is much more limited."

"That's your choice, dumb ass."

"It's not a choice. It's just the way it is."

"Just because she has interviews doesn't mean she's gonna take either job. Besides, there's nothing holding you here. Nothing saying you couldn't be with her somewhere else."

I feel like I've been kicked in the teeth. Or in the chest. Jenna has interviews. And she hasn't said a single word to me about them. I don't really know what to say. I can tell by Trick's expression that he knows he's stepped in it. If he weren't shitfaced, he'd never have told me and I'd never have known. Until she was already gone.

Why would she hide it, though? Was she just planning on bailing and never saying a word? Because that doesn't sound like Jenna. Even though I expected her to go-eventually-I can't imagine her doing it like that.

But still, she didn't tell me. For a reason.

"Jenna's in love with you, idiot."

"Sometimes love isn't enough."

Trick shakes his head. "Whatever. You want a beer?"

"Nah," I say, suddenly feeling tired. "I think I'm going to bed."

Trick drains his beer. "Yeah. Me, too. Tomorrow, my suffering will come to an...explosive end."

"Too much information, dude!" I mumble as I walk away. "Too much information."

CHAPTER ELEVEN - Jenna

Spending the entire morning being lavishly pampered, scrubbed, buffed, massaged, made up, curled and dressed with my best friend on her wedding day is a ridiculous amount of fun. And memories of Rusty last night, his hard body between me and a mechanical bull, only make my mood that much lighter.

Once we are as perfect as professional hands can make us, we move into one huge room full of mirrors to get dressed. I pull on my dress, zip it up and spin in front of the mirror.

"You really are the best friend ever," I tell Cami.

"I know, but what did I do to make you say that this time?" she asks with a mischievous grin.

"Only the bestestest friend in the whole world would take such pains to pick a bridal color that suits both her and her best friend's complexion, especially when they're basically polar opposites." Cami has dark red hair, blue eyes and fair skin, while I have black hair, dark eyes and olive skin. There are, like, ten colors out of a zillion that would look good on both of us. Yet Cami picked one of them to use on arguably the most important day of her life.

Cami shrugs. "I can't very well have you looking all washed out, standing up there behind me, now can I?"

She winks, but I know that had nothing to do with her choice. She's just that kind of a person-caring, considerate, selfless. Even on her wedding day.

The royal blue dress complements my coloring surprisingly well. My skin glows like bronze, my eyes sparkle like drops of onyx and my lips needed very little red stain. And the cut of the garment is superb. The pencil slim design makes my waist look narrow, my ass look round and my boobs look like they're tucked up under my chin. On top of that is my sexy hair-do-black curls pulled up on the sides with tendrils dripping down to kiss my shoulders. All in all, I can't wait for Rusty to see me.

After my confession last night, I feel the need to knock his socks off. For my self-esteem's sake as much as anything else.

As we are being herded out of the salon toward the curb, I see the familiar face of Trick's mom, Leena, hovering at the edge of crowd of giggling girls. I look to my left to find Cami, only she's not beside me anymore. I turn to find her stopped dead in her tracks, staring at Leena.

"Come on," I say, reaching back to take her hand. "It's your wedding day. You can do this." Her wide eyes dart to mine and I can see in them that she's not convinced. "You won. Just remember that. You. Won."

I tug on her hand, pulling her behind me as we make our way to the waiting limo. All the other girls pile in and, before we can duck inside, Leena makes her way to Cami. I start to let go of Cami's hand and get into the limo to give them some privacy, but she tightens her grip, urging me to stay. So I do.

Leena jumps right in, not giving Cami the chance to say anything. "Cami, I'm not trying to ruin your wedding day and I'm not trying to make your life harder by showing up like this. I just...I just wanted to talk to you beforehand. Without Trick." She pauses and I see her take a deep breath, like she's gathering courage to do something she doesn't want to do. "I love my son more than you can imagine, but I'm not ready to be around your family just yet. I don't know if that will ever change. I'm working on seeing you for you, not for the mistakes of your family. And that's why I wanted to come today. I'm sorry I didn't come to any of the other events. I just didn't think I could be around...everyone that much just yet. I want to be part of your life, part of my son's life and the lives of my grandchildren, but I can't promise much more than that right now. Just know that I'm trying. And that I'm here for Trick." She pauses, looking away again. "And for you."

Cami cups her hands over her mouth and squeezes her eyes shut. I see her fingers tremble. I can't imagine what she must be feeling. But, to her credit, she recovers quickly, dropping her hands and taking Leena's in both of hers.

"Thank you, Leena. I'll take whatever you can give."

Leena glances up, obviously uncomfortable, gives Cami a small smile and then steps away, gesturing toward the limo.

"You'd better get going."

"Won't you come with us?"

Leena's smile is more genuine this time. "That's no place for an old lady, much less the groom's mother. You go. Enjoy yourself. Enjoy this day."

Cami smiles sweetly and nods her head before she turns her glistening eyes on me. "Ready?"

Tears are streaming down her cheeks and she's not even trying to stop them. But she's smiling. She doesn't have to say it, but her wedding will be perfect now. This was all she needed to be the happiest bride on the planet. And I'm glad she got it. I'm glad Trick got it, too. I know it's been weighing on him more than he'd ever admit. I nod, swallowing the lump of emotion in my throat as we climb into the back of the waiting car.

The ride to the church is pretty... enthusiastic. We ladies chatter and giggle and tease Cami about the pervy gift set we hid in the trunk with her luggage. Since there was no dedicated "bridal shower," a couple of the girls took it upon themselves to make Cami a bridal... survival kit instead. It's a lovely cloth covered, keepsake box full of lotions and candles. It just also happens to contain edible body paint, crotchless panties and a few more creative things, some of which involve batteries. In short, it's a box full of shit that will make Cami's face turn eight shades of red when she unpacks it in front of Trick.

"Maybe he'll spank you for being such a naughty girl, Cam," I taunt playfully.

"Ohmigod, Jenna!" She's already turning the shade that's one step up from "beet."

Such fun being a girl and having a delicate best friend!

When we arrive at the church, all the guests are inside. The neighborhood is quiet and the lawn is empty, as are the steps leading up to the front doors.

Within seconds of our arrival, Xenia The Wedding Planner, much like Xena Warrior Princess only with less leather and more taffeta, comes to the door and peeks out. It's like she has a spidey sense that can detect the location of the bride and groom at all times. It's kind of creepy actually.

She sticks one perfectly manicured hand out the door and folds her fingers in toward the church twice. I can almost hear her saying in her schoolmarm voice, "Come come!" And then she disappears back inside, no doubt off to swat some poor noisy child's knuckles with a ruler.

While she might seem like the devil, holy hot damn can she plan a wedding! I bet even the flowers don't have the nerve to drop a single petal until the festivities are over and she's gone.

Yeah, it's like that.

We all shuffle out of the limo, up the steps and into the vestibule. When I take my place at the front of the line and the noise on the other side of the doors quiets, the energy and excitement and significance of the day finally seeps in to take over everything else. Just like it should.

This is my best friend's wedding day. She's marrying the man of her dreams and getting the life she's always hoped for, the life every little girl prays she'll one day be blessed with.

I should wanna slap the lucky bitch.

But I feel nothing but love and happiness and elation for her. And I know it shines from the smile I turn on her when I look back between all the other perfectly-coiffed bridesmaids' heads and meet her eyes. She nods. I nod. And, between us, an entire conversation happens in the blink of an eye.

I could cry.

But I won't.

I'm not sure the salon used waterproof mascara, although they'd be complete imbeciles if they didn't.

A door to the left opens. Rusty walks through and pauses. My heart stops beating right inside my chest. If I thought I looked hot...holy effin' cow!

His tux is black, his shirt is white, and his cummerbund is the same beautiful blue as my dress. His hair is dark and looks freshly washed. His shoulders are impossibly wide and strong as ever. His waist is narrow and flows smoothly into his long legs.

But it's his eyes that capture me. Just like always. They are fastened on mine when I meet them, after I finish appraising him. They're brilliant blue. And very intense. It makes me wonder what's going on behind them. Because something definitely is.

Letting the door fall shut behind him, he moves slowly toward me, not stopping until he is standing so close that my boobs almost brush his lapels.

I get short of breath when I see his eyes travel down to my cle**age and back up again. They run all over my face, taking in every detail, even flickering up to my hair and back again.

Finally, they settle on mine, making my nerves flare up. "Hello, handsome," I say playfully, hoping I seem natural rather than insecure.

"You look...amazing," he says softly. Sincerely.

The blood that stains my cheeks is genuine. I don't blush easily, but something about his comment seems so heartfelt that my body reacts in a very physical way.

Just as I begin to search for something else to say, it registers that there's music playing on the other side of the door. I take a deep breath, thankful for the notes that saved me from further embarrassment, and I tip my head toward the interior of the church. "Shall we?" Rusty nods and I smile, turning toward the sanctuary just as the ushers open the door.

Everything flows perfectly, just like we'd practiced at rehearsal. I do my best to enjoy my best friend's perfect day without letting doubts and insecurities about Rusty tarnish it. It's hard, but I keep my focus on the bride and groom, and that makes it easier.

When it comes time for the vows, Trick clears his throat and asks if he can say a few words. The minister nods and smiles. He doesn't look the least bit surprised, which leads me to believe that he knew Trick would do this.

The church is absolutely silent around us, every person, no doubt, waiting on bated breath to hear what he has say. I can imagine all too easily how Cami must feel right now. If I was in her shoes and Rusty was getting ready to say something special to me, I'd be a mess behind my veil.

"Since I was a kid, I've always known what I wanted to do with my life," Trick begins. "I wanted to work with horses. I didn't much care about the how, the what or the where, as long as I got to be around them. I thought that's all it would take to make me happy. Until I met you. Without you, those dreams were just...empty. It didn't take me long to see that without you, I could never be happy.

"Whether you knew it or not, I was yours from the second you looked up at me with the most beautiful eyes I've ever seen. I knew you'd mean more to me than all the riches, all the horses, all the things the world has to offer. And I was right. Cami, I love you with everything I am, and everything I ever hope to be. From this moment on, I'll spend the rest of my days making sure you never regret picking me."

His words float through the church like they're on angel's wings. I'm pretty sure every heart has stopped, just like mine has. To know a love like that is everyone's dream, whether they admit it or not. And to have someone look at me the way Trick's looking at Cami is my dream.

If he hadn't said a single word, the look in his eyes says it all. All he sees is Cami. And that's all he needs to see. It's right there on his face, for all to behold. Just like he said, she's everything to him. Everything.

My eyes flicker to Rusty. He's watching me with a strangely puzzled expression. I look away. My heart can't stand the pain of it.

CHAPTER TWELVE - Rusty

I grab Trick's arm after the photographer finishes taking a blue million pictures. I want to catch him before he heads toward the reception hall with Cami.

"Hey, man, can I talk to you for a sec?"

"Sure," he says, kissing Cami's cheek and telling her he'll be right back. We walk a few feet away. "What's up?"

"Would I be on your shit list forever if I bailed?" He says nothing, just eyes me suspiciously. I rush to explain. "I've got some major work to do on that car I just got in and-"

Trick starts shaking his head. "Stop right there, man. You don't have to make excuses for me. I know you're full of shit. There's nothing that's that important, that you have to do today." I have nothing to say to that. Because he's right. That has nothing to do with me wanting to get the hell out of here. "But, you're my best friend and I love ya. I'm grateful you did this much for me."

I feel like a steaming pile of shit. "If it really means that much to you, I can-"

"Go, dude. Get out of here," Trick says with a smile as he claps me on the shoulder. "Go do what you need to do."

I know by his expression and the look in his eye what he means by me doing what I need to do. He may not understand it completely (hell, I don't even understand it completely), but he knows me well enough to know I need to get out of here. And he doesn't ask questions, which I'm grateful for.

This whole day has me feeling flustered. Jenna's confession last night caught me off guard, although I guess I suspected that she loves me. The fact is, however, that it doesn't change anything. I know the type of person Jenna is. I've seen it before. With my father. Already, she's trying to hide her plans to leave. She couldn't even really meet my eyes in the church. You can love somebody and still end up leaving them. Some people are just made that way-to always want greener pastures. I've seen it before. And I'm not getting attached to a person like that again. I guess today just reminded me of that. And it feels pretty shitty.

I pull Trick in for a quick hug and a manly slap on the back. "Be happy, man. And enjoy the hell out of that honeymoon."

Trick laughs. "Oh, I will, but I'm not waiting for Tahiti to get this damn dry spell behind me. I plan to get Cami out of that dress myself here in about an hour."

I laugh, too, leaning back to pound my fist against Trick's. "Get it done, my friend!"

Trick nods and turns toward the reception hall, so I slip off, over the hill, through the trees and down to the parking lot behind the church to get my car. I need some speed and the freedom of the road to clear my head.

I feel antsy as I slide in behind the wheel. I loosen my bow tie as I crank the engine. Within seconds, I hit the gas and steer the car back toward town, and then on toward interstate. I want a long, straight stretch of road that I can open it up on.

When I clear the entrance ramp and see that there are no cars in front of me, or even really off in the distance, I punch it, milking every last one of the four hundred plus horsepower that I can get with the modifications I made to my GTO.

I exhale as the landscape speeds by and the engine roars around me, quieting all the shit from my past that's mixing with the shit from my present to cloud my head. I don't want to think about then. I don't want to think about now. And I sure as hell don't want to think about the future. I just want to feel the road. And the speed. And the fine-tuned handling of the car I practically built from the ground up.

I'm so lost in the moment that I don't see the fine spray of gravel on the road up ahead. Until it's too late.

And I'm spinning out of control.

********

I wake to the sound of a stranger's voice. "Can you hear me, sir? Sir? Can you hear me?" he repeats.

I feel like I'm hanging upside down, and when I try to open my eyes, they won't cooperate. I try to move, to right myself, but someone or something is holding my arm. I try to jerk free, but pain shoots through my whole right side. I hear a deep scream.

And then there's nothing.

********

Something's covering my face. I try to raise my hand to knock it off, but my limbs feel too heavy to move. I feel pressure on my right arm, like something is squeezing it tight.

My head feels like lead. Thick, numb lead. Again, I try to open my eyes. This time they obey, and I crack them just enough that I can see bright lights overhead, but none that look familiar. It seems like I'm moving, too.

"Sir, can you hear me? Can you tell me your name?" The voice sounds the same, like the same guy I heard before. I want to tell that bastard that if he doesn't stop asking me the same questions, I'm gonna kick his ass, but no words come out. I hear only someone moaning.

And then there's nothing again.

********

There's a weird beeping sound. And I smell some kind of harsh chemical, like antiseptic or something. When I try to turn my face away, pain sears my brain like a branding iron.

What the hell?

The beeping speeds up and I try to open my eyes to see what's making that God-awful noise. I see a flash of hospital green, then bright lights again.

I hear a woman's voice. "Take deep breaths, Mr. Catron. Slow, deep breaths. You're gonna be just fine." She sounds reasonable enough. "Count to ten for me," she says.

I don't hear my voice, but in my head I count.

One. Two. Three.

And then there's nothing.

Again.

********

"Mr. Catron? You're all done. Can you open your eyes?" I recognize her voice, even though it sounds like it's coming to me through a tunnel a mile long. My head feels a little fuzzy, but it doesn't hurt as bad as it did.

"Yes," I manage to answer. My tongue feels like it's covered in cotton and my throat has never been rawer. "Drink," I croak.

"Can you open your eyes and look at me?"

I'm a little annoyed at her request, but I comply. With what seems like an inordinate amount of effort, I crank my lids up and try to focus on the face hovering above me. I blink twice and things seem to work a little better.

"Very good. Now I'm going to slip a piece of ice into your mouth, okay? Don't swallow. Just let it melt on your tongue."

God, ice sounds wonderful! I open my mouth a little and feel like sighing when the tiny, cold sliver hits my tongue.

I close my eyes for a second, enjoying the liquid before I open them again, focusing more easily on the woman.

She's young and very attractive. Her hair is dark red and pulled back into a pony tail. Her face is pretty and scrubbed free of makeup. She's wearing nursing scrubs. I recognize them because I saw my mother in them nearly every day for the last fifteen years. After Dad left, she put herself through nursing school. She worked the night shift for years while she went on for her master's degree. She doesn't wear scrubs anymore, but she still works at the hospital.

"You're a nurse," I say, stating the obvious. I don't even know why I make the comment.

"Yes, I am. Do you know where you are?"

"I assume at the hospital."

"Yes. You're just coming out of surgery. Do you remember what happened?"

I try to think back, but it all seems pretty blurry. I remember feeling the car start to slide, and I remember seeing snatches of grass go tumbling by. I vaguely remember hearing some loud, metallic sounds, but none of it really makes sense. The best I can gather is that I was in a wreck, but the details just aren't there.

"I suppose I wrecked, but I don't remember much else."

"Yes, you were in a car accident. You suffered a severe concussion, numerous contusions and your right arm was nearly torn off. You were taken to surgery within an hour of arriving in the ambulance. You'll be spending some time in ICU until we can make sure you didn't suffer any internal injuries. Are you in pain?"

Her words jumble around in my head. "Uhhh..." She's telling me too much too fast. I can't think.

"On a scale of one to ten, one being no pain and ten being the worst pain you've ever experienced, where would you rate your pain?"

I only feel pain in one spot. "My head. It hurts."

"You have a headache?"

Isn't that what I just said?

"Yes."

"That could be from the anesthesia or from the narcotics. Once we get you upstairs, I'll get you some Tylenol."

I nod, feeling grumbly and irritated all of a sudden.

I close my eyes against the sight of rectangles of light passing by overhead, and I relax against the mattress of the gurney. As we roll through the halls, I digest what I've just been told.

"Which arm was hurt?" I ask, unable to clearly recall everything the nurse said.

"Your right."

A mild feeling of alarm passes through me, but the world is too fuzzy for me to process it or dwell on it.

"Can I use it?"

"You'll need some physical therapy, but the doctor repaired everything as best he could."

"My car?"

"I don't know about that, but considering the shape you arrived in, I'm thinking it's going to need a lot of work."

Dammit!

After a short trip in the elevator, the nurse wheels me down a short hall and through automatic doors. The world gets quiet all of a sudden. I barely hear the click of the doors closing behind us.

As the nurse rolls me farther into the new area, I hear muted whispers and faint beeping sounds. I open my eyes again just as I'm being backed into a room. To my left is a window that looks outside. The curtain is pulled shut against the setting sun. To my right is a wall of windows that look out into a semi-circular configuration of counter tops-a nurse's station. This must be the ICU.

Within a few seconds, there's a loud thump as the nurse sets my bed's brake, and then I hear my mother's voice.

"Was he able to fix it all?"

I lift my head to try and locate her, but it falls right back onto the pillow. It must weigh at least fifty pounds. "Mom?"

I feel her cool hand take my left one. "I'm here, Jeff," she says in her calm, practiced, nurse voice. I feel like smiling. She's the only person on the planet that calls me Jeff. Jeffrey when she's mad. "Give me just a few minutes to talk to the nurse. I'll be right back."

She kisses my forehead and then I don't hear their voices anymore. I want to wait for her to come back and answer all my questions, but damn! I'm so tired all of a sudden. Maybe if I rest for just a few minutes...

********

When I wake, my eyes open immediately and effortlessly.

Bout damn time! I think to myself.

I raise my head and, despite the dull throb that starts up instantly, I look around. There are some people behind the tall counter of the nurse's station. All the lights are on and, when I turn to look out the windows, I see that it's dark outside. But what puzzles me is that I have to look past some kind of contraption to see.

My right arm is immobilized by a series of cords. My upper arm is casted and there are straps coming out of it at my elbow. They attach to some fixed point that I can't see. My elbow is bent to ninety degrees and my lower arm is casted, too. There are straps coming out from beneath it at my fingertips, and they attach to some wires that go up into a pulley that is counterweighted somewhere down around the foot of the bed.

"What the hell?" I say to no one in particular.

A shadow falls across me and I look back toward the door. My mother is standing there. Although not one short, strawberry hair is out of place and her clothes and makeup look like she has just come to work, there's a frazzled look about her I'm not used to seeing.

My stomach sinks.

"What? Something's up. I can see it on your face."

She walks farther into the room and gives me a smile as she perches on the edge of the bed. "Can't I just be happy you're all right?"

"Sure you can. Was there ever a doubt that I would be?"

"Not really. You're here just as a precaution, in case they might've missed something internal."

"Well then, why the worry?"

"Well... It's just that... Jeff, your arm is in pretty bad shape. And I know how impatient you are. You need to understand how important it is for you to let this heal right and to realize that you're going to be very limited for a while. But if you push it, son, you could have permanent damage."

"Push it? What the hell am I gonna push? They've got me strung up like a damn puppet!"

"For good reason. You were thrown from the car and your right arm must've gotten tangled up in your lap belt somehow. Nearly tore it off. Your rotator cuff is torn, you dislocated your shoulder, your humerus is broken in two places, your-"

"Speak English, woman," I interrupt gruffly, trying to add a teasing note to my voice, but failing miserably. The fact that she's acting like this has me worried.

"You dislocated your shoulder, you messed up that joint, you broke your upper arm in two places, you broke both bones in your lower arm, sustained significant ligament damage in your right hand, cracked three ribs and badly bruised your right hip. You also had a concussion and they picked a bunch of glass out of your face. Is that plain enough for you?"

"So what you're saying is my whole right side is banged up?"

"Yes, to put it mildly."

"Okay, so how long will I be in here?"

"Weeks. You don't-"

"Weeks? Are you kidding me? Why can't they just put me in a normal cast and send me home in a few days?"

"Because your injuries are severe, Jeffrey. That's what I'm trying to tell you. You can't rush this or you could have permanent damage."

"Like what kind of permanent damage?"

"Like the kind that means you could never regain full use of your right hand and arm."

Oh shit.

Now I see why she looks so upset. My job, my livelihood, all my dreams depend on me being able to use my hands and arms to work on cars. Hell, I'd have been better off to have broken my leg than my arm. Or even my left arm. But not my right one. God almighty, not my right one!

What the hell am I gonna do about my garage? About the vehicles I've already been contracted to restore? I was just getting that part of my dream under way. It's been slow going, but I could see it starting to take shape. But now... After this...

"Well, I guess I'll just have to heal fast and right then."

"I know you will. If you do what they tell you."

"I will, I will," I snap, already aggravated and ready to leave this conversation behind. "Who else is out there? Anybody?"

Mom shakes her head. "You've only been out of surgery for a couple of hours, Jeff. Give them some time."

"Well, Trick's on his honeymoon, I'm sure. And Jenna probably doesn't even know yet, does she?"

"I talked to Leena. She called when she heard. She said she'd tell Trick, but I asked her to wait until they had a couple of days to enjoy their trip, and to tell them you were doing fine. I knew you wouldn't want them to rush home to see you. You'll still be here when they get back."

"No, I wouldn't have wanted that." After a few seconds, I ask her again about Jenna. "So you didn't call Jenna then?"

I hear her sigh. "Yes, I called Jenna."

"Is she coming?"

"I don't know. She hung up."

She hung up? What the hell does that mean?

CHAPTER THIRTEEN - Jenna

I've never been so torn and conflicted in my whole life! Granted, I was just turning four when my mother died, but I still learned to hate the hospital. Luckily, she wanted to spend her last days at home, which she was able to do, but I remember the smell and the hopelessness, and riding home with my father while he cried quietly in the front seat. All in all, I hate hospitals. With a passion. I feel short of breath just thinking about going to visit Rusty. So much so that I just freaked and hung up on his mother, which I'll have to call and apologize for. And I will. Later.

After I conquer step one, step one being Rusty.

Despite my fear of hospitals, despite the fact that I probably just deeply offended his mother, despite the fact that I made one of life's biggest confessions and he said nothing, despite the fact that he totally bailed at the wedding, I'm going to see Rusty. At the hospital. Because I love him.

I was more than a little hurt when I found out that he left before the reception. Not only did he not find me and tell me, but he almost seemed to be avoiding me altogether. I just don't understand it. The only thing I can figure is that my use of the L word freaked him out. I'm sure Rusty knows I love him, but I've never gone out on a limb and told him. Until last night.

Maybe this all adds up to the fact that he really doesn't have deeper feelings for me. Maybe it's just great sex and great companionship, nothing more.

It's as I'm pulling on a pair of jeans, getting ready to leave that I find something else to be nervous about. What if he doesn't want me there? What will I do then?

I push the thought out of my mind. I can't think about that right now. I have to go. Not only is it the right thing to do, but it's Rusty. And I love him. And he was almost taken from me. I have to see him again. I have to.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN - Rusty

Time feels different for some reason. Slower. Like every minute is an hour. Maybe because I've slept so much. Maybe because I can't sleep now. Maybe it's because I'm waiting. On Jenna.

I don't know what to think about her anymore. I can't figure her out. And I'm not sure I should even try.

I was hoping I was wrong about her, that she's really not like my dad. He always thought there was something better somewhere else, too. So he left. He abandoned me and Mom, and never looked back.

I've always been bound and determined that I won't make the same mistake she did. And, the more I think about it, the more I realize that leopards don't change their spots. The things I loved so much about Jenna are likely some of the very things that will take her away from me. I guess you really can't have your cake and eat it, too.

Maybe I should just let her go. If she hated Greenfield before, she'd hate it twice as much if she felt like she had to stay to take care of an invalid who may or may not have a future at all.

No, the days of me having anything to offer Jenna that could compete with the rest of the world are over. I guess it's time to cut her loose before she cuts and runs.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN - Jenna

As it turns out, my memory (and probably my imagination, to some degree) had vilified hospitals much more than necessary. At least so far, I think as I ride the elevator to the third floor.

I'm inclined to rethink my bravado when the doors open and a long sterile hallway stretches out before me. The heavy scent of sanitizer stings my nose and makes me think of unpleasant things, of sick people and dying people and people who are lost without each other. In a way, at least in the way my memory reacts, it's like the hospital took my mother from me. Visit by visit, month by month.

The doors start to close again, so I step out in a hurry. After two deep, shaky breaths, I start to turn back, only to find them closed and my means of escape gone. For a second, panic strikes. I spin in a wild circle, looking for the glowing red EXIT sign. I feel my forehead prickle with sweat as the walls draw closer and closer and the air gets thicker and thicker.

Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit!

Finally, I spot the exit. I take a step toward it, but a swell of heat gushes over my face, making the room swim right before my eyes. I reach for the wall, anything that's steady in a world that's grown disturbingly unstable.

Why did I come? Why did I come?

My palm hits the cool concrete of the wall and I lean toward it, pressing my cheek to the pale, painted surface. My pulse is racing, my heart is thumping and my addled mind is struggling to answer my own simple question.

Why did I come? Why did I come?

But finally, like a cool breeze to parched skin, my head clears enough for me to feel the answer.

Rusty. I came for Rusty.

I close my eyes and take a deep, steadying breath. Just the thought of him, of the fact that he was so nearly taken from my life in a very permanent, irrevocable way, gives me the focus I need to get a grip on myself.

I don't move for several long minutes as I wait for my calm to be restored. Still leaning heavily against the hard wall, I give my shaky legs a test. They don't feel strong by any means, but they're strong enough to support me. That's the main thing. I push away from the concrete and smooth my hair before I turn my back to the wall and face, head on, the two intimidating wooden doors in front of me.

As I approach, I read the large, red lettering emblazoned across both panels. AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY. I hardly fit that description.

I chew my lip as I think of what to do now. As I look casually from left to right, I see the little buzzer to one side of the door. There's a sign below it that has a schedule of ICU visiting hours and the procedure for getting inside.

Following the directions, I depress the buzzer and wait. After a few seconds, a pleasant enough sounding voice comes on. "May I help you?"

"Um, I'm here to see Rust- er, I mean, I'm here to see Jeff Catron."

"Hold please."

The line goes dead, leaving me standing in front of the door, staring at the box like an idiot. I look all around to make sure no one is watching me. I'm still alone, thank God.

Finally, she comes back on. "Room three oh four. Come on back."

A click is followed by a loud buzzing sound just before the two doors swing open in opposite directions, allowing me to pass into the sick people inner sanctum.

The center of the large, bland room is dominated by an enormous nurse's station. Arranged in a semi-circle around it is a ring of patient rooms, all with glass windows and doors that allow the nurses to see inside unless the curtain is drawn. I look to my left and see room three-twelve. I figure Rusty is all the way at the other end, so I start walking along the rounded edge of the nurse's station until I get to his room.

The curtain is drawn and I hear no sounds coming from behind it. Hesitantly, I knock on the metal frame that surrounds the open glass door.

"Come in," I hear Rusty say. My heart skips a beat and I wipe my damp palms on the butt of my jeans before I pull back the nondescript beige curtain.

When I peek inside, I see Rusty lying in bed, his arm attached to all sorts of wires or ropes or something. His cheeks already show the signs of dark stubble, as though the strain of the last hours has taken its toll in a very physical way. The frown he's wearing only adds to that impression.

"Hey," I say weakly.

He narrows his eyes on me before he speaks. "Hey," he responds in kind, not making me feel any better about things.

"Can I...can I come in?"

"I just said 'come in,' didn't I?" I'm sure the small curve of his lips is an attempt to soften his snappy reply, but it doesn't sting my heart any less.

Pulling up my big girl panties, I return his tight smile and step through the curtain, heading for the only chair in the room. I perch on the edge, clinging to my purse like a lifeline.

"So, how are you feeling?"

"How do I look like I'm feeling?" he asks with a short bark-of-a-laugh.

"I'm sure you've been better."

"Yeah, I've been better."

"What happened? I mean, obviously you were in a wreck, but..."

Rusty takes a deep breath and shrugs. "I'm still fuzzy on some of the details, but from what I remember, I hit some gravel on the interstate and slid into the median. Must've caught it just right and flipped the goat a few times."

Although he casually refers to his GTO as a "goat," which he does often, and his tone is matter of fact, I don't get the impression that he's so blase about the accident. "That sounds bad."

He shrugs again. "Could've been worse."

"Yeah, like if you'd been killed. But my God, look at you. How many injuries did you have?"

"Torn rotator cuff, dislocated shoulder, multiple breaks in my arm, three cracked ribs and a variety of cuts, scrapes and bruises."

I cringe at the ache around my heart. It hurts me to think about Rusty being hurt. And, as I look at him, lying in the bed all bandaged and tied up, it hurts me even more to know there's nothing I can do to help him.

"How- how long until you're able to...how long will you be in here?"

I see his frown before he looks out the window behind my head, and I realize it wasn't the right question to ask. Something about it bothered him. But honestly, I don't know what to say. He's acting like he could care less that I'm here and it's making me want to go all the more.

"Probably quite a while. Too long for you to be hanging around here," he says, not even bothering to look at me as he speaks.

His words are like so many daggers to my heart. My worst fear has been confirmed. Rusty really doesn't want me around. I guess I was good enough for some fun, but not good enough to keep.

With my heart shriveling inside my chest, it's all I can do to fight back tears. I turn to look out the window as well, staring into the increasing darkness as I collect myself. And as I think about Rusty and his brutal dismissal, I do what I can to keep it together.

I get mad.

"Well, that's probably a good thing. I hate hospitals," I say, turning back to look at him, forcing a smile onto my face.

"Don't feel like you have to come back then. It won't hurt my feelings."

More daggers. I want to scream at him, to tell him I went through hell just to get here, just to get to him tonight. But I don't. I don't want his pity. Or a pat on the back. I don't want him to be kind to me because I've "earned" it.

So, instead, I give what I'm getting. Tit for tat. Casual for casual. Unaffected for unaffected.

I nod as I lean forward, getting ready to stand. "Okay. Maybe I'll stop by again before I leave, if I have time."

"Before you leave? Running already?"

Something in his tone is snide. "I'm not running," I reply defensively. "I just graduated college. I've got to go get a job eventually."

"That should be easy. I'm sure you've got a few things lined up already. An escape plan." His tone is so bitter and my heart drops through the concrete floor. Now I definitely can't tell him I've got interviews. I won't give him the satisfaction of knowing he's right. It's my turn to narrow my eyes on Rusty. "What the hell is your problem?"

"Problem? What makes you think I have a problem?"

"You make it sound like I'm running away from something, when all I'm doing is starting my life."

"Right. And that's exactly what you should be doing. The timing is perfect. This is for the best. You need to get on with your plans away from here."

I sit, looking at his handsome face, while my heart is spewing blood around the wound of his sharp words. He continues, driving the knife in a little deeper. "You need to find a place you can make new friends. Find a job that you love. Find some happiness."

His words say he wants me to go and find happiness, but something about his attitude belies his well-wishing. In a way, I feel like he's blaming me for wanting more.

"Why is it that when you say it, it sounds like a bad thing?"

"I have no idea. Must be your imagination."

"It's not my imagination, Rusty," I say, standing to my feet. "Do you blame me for wanting to get a job using the education I spent the last four years getting?"

"Not at all. I knew that's what you'd do."

"Again, you make it sound like a bad thing."

"I'm not making it sound like anything. I'm just saying what we both already knew, Jenna. You're getting ready to go. It was just a matter of time."

"Oh, so now I'm a terrible person for not wanting to hang around Greenfield for the rest of my life?"

"I didn't say that."

"But that's what you meant."

"Don't tell me what I meant," he bites. "You're not the kind to settle, Jenna. That's all I'm saying. You're the kind who has big plans for a better life. And that doesn't include this town or the people in it. We both knew that. And it was fun while it lasted. No reason to drag it out."

That hurts. I told him I love him less than twenty-four hours ago. Although it does seems like an eternity now, Rusty acts like it never happened, like I never had any feelings for him. He makes it sound as though we were a convenient way to pass my time in Greenfield, nothing more. Like we were destined for failure.

"Wow," I say, trying to keep the hurt from my voice. I dig deep for a little bit of pride to help me get out of this without making things worse than they already are. "You've got me all figured out then, don't you, Rusty?"

"It is what it is, Jenna."

"I guess I won't be bothering you anymore then." Head held high, I stride across the room toward the door. I make each step as long as I can, giving Rusty every chance to stop me. To tell me I'm wrong. To ask me to stay.

But he doesn't. When he speaks, it's just to tell me goodbye.

"I wish you well, Jenna," Rusty says softly as I pull the curtain back. I don't turn around when I answer.

"Thanks, Rusty. You, too."

When I let the curtain fall behind me, I do run this time. I run until I'm in an empty floor in an empty elevator, holding a handful of tears.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN - Rusty

There's absolutely no doubt I have qualms about the last words Jenna and I said to each other. Unfortunately, she did as I asked and she stayed away. Not only has it been lonely and boring, but I've got too much time on my hands to think about her.

I teeter between regret and bitterness. On the one hand, I feel like I pushed her away. Maybe she would've proved me right and gone anyway. But maybe, just maybe, she'd have proved me wrong and she'd have hung around. If I hadn't practically pushed her out the door, that is.

But after dwelling on that for a little while, bitterness rushes in. Even if Jenna had stayed longer, it wouldn't have been permanent. And I'm nobody's charity case. I don't want her hanging around here because she feels sorry for me. Oh, hell no!

Needless to say, I'm pretty much a bear by the time Trick and Cami get home from their honeymoon and come to see me.

"Got a regular room now, huh, haus? I heard you spent some time in the ICU," Trick says as he strides in, Cami's hand tucked firmly in his. They're both tan and glowing. And not just the skin kind of glowing. It's the kind that radiates from somewhere deeper, the kind that comes from being happy all the way down to your soul.

"Good God, it's about time!" I say. "I'm surprised there's anything left of her. How long has it been?"

Trick laughs. Cami blushes. "Just two weeks, you dick. What the hell's the matter with you?"

"Other than the obvious?" I ask.

"Yes, smart ass. Other than the obvious."

"I'm in here. Isn't that enough?"

"I figured you'd be milking this and getting three sponge baths a day from Jenna," he teases.

"Not hardly."

Trick gives me an exasperated sigh. "All right, what'd you say to her? This has to be your fault. Otherwise, Jenna would probably be here right now, soaping up her sponge."

"You mean you haven't talked to her since you got back?"

"I haven't."

We both look at Cami. Her eyes get wide and her expression turns to that of a cornered animal. "What? We literally just drove in from the airport. I haven't seen anybody yet."

"Haven't seen, but have you talked to anybody?" Trick asks.

Cami's mouth opens a couple of times like she wants to say something, but finally she closes it and sighs. "Yes."

"Jenna?"

"Yes."

"And?"

"And, she asked if we'd been by yet. I told her we hadn't."

"That's it?"

"Pretty much." Cami looks from me to Trick and back again. She rocks back on her heels and drops Trick's hand to smack her own together. "So, where's the vending machine? I need to get a bottle of water or something. I'm thirsty."

Likely story, I think. But I don't say that. "I walked by some yesterday when they let me out of bed to do PT. Down the hall and to the left."

"They already let you out of bed?" Trick asks after Cami leaves.

"Hell yeah, they did! I almost kissed the poor guy that was my nurse yesterday when he told me. Before that, my arm was in traction. I couldn't even take a piss without it being a big production."

"How'd you do when you finally got to get up?"

"They wanted me to take it slow. Evidently I strained some ligaments in my hip pretty bad. But I was bound and determined that, come hell or high water, I was getting out of this damn bed. I wanted 'em to know I was ready to be discharged."

I pause before I finish telling him what happened. It's during that time that Trick, my best friend who knows me better than anybody, figures it out.

"Busted your ass, didn't you?"

I can't help but grin. "Pretty much. I was a lot weaker than I thought I'd be. When the therapist got me up, I tried to walk ahead. Thought I'd show him how self-sufficient I am. Well, I showed him all right."

Trick throws back his head and laughs. I shake my head, letting him get it out of his system. "Did it get better after they scooped up your pathetic ass?"

"Yeah, a little. I'm still kinda weak, but I'm doing as much as I can from the bed. I'll be out of here as soon as is humanly possible."

Trick nods his head, still smiling. When the silence stretches on, he steps closer to the bed. "So, what happened with Jenna? You did something stupid, didn't you?"

"Man, why do you always take her side?"

"Because I know you. You're a guy. We do stupid shit."

"Well, it wasn't me this time. She was getting ready to leave soon anyway. I spared her the trouble of having to come back up here and babysit."

"You really are an idiot, aren't you?"

"No, because I was right. She's not staying around here, Trick. That was never her plan. And it still isn't. She's getting a job somewhere else. Period. The end."

"Just because she doesn't want to live in this town forever doesn't mean she doesn't want to be with you. Hell, you even talk about getting away from here and opening up a classic restoration shop near a big city. How is that any different?"

"Because I'd never leave someone I loved. Not for a job, not for anything."

"Have you ever asked her to stay? For you?"

"No."

"Why not?"

"I know she doesn't want to. Why would I ask her to stay when I know she doesn't want to?"

"Then how the hell can you be mad at her for leaving?"

I'm getting irritated. "Look, I can't explain it to you. You obviously don't get it. She's not the kind to stick around. That's it. It was a fun thing while it lasted. Now it's over. Leave it the hell alone, will ya?"

Trick just shakes his head, but he doesn't say anything more about it. Even though, in a way, I wish he would.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN - Jenna

I wander aimlessly through the house. I stroll through the den, with its comfy brown sofa and dark cream walls, then into the dining room. I let my fingers trail over the chair backs, making note of the worn edges. It's the suit my grandparents gave to my parents as a housewarming gift when they signed over the orchard then left for retirement in Florida. It was brand new once upon a time. Now it looks old and worn. And loved. Every smooth spot, every faded spot is the result of being handled thousands of times by Mom and Dad, and by Jake and me.

Although my father sent us off to school shortly after my mother's death, this house still holds a million precious memories. They're just not enough to make me want to stay here. Few things are.

I move on into the kitchen, noticing, as I always do, the faint smell of peaches. It must be permanently embedded in the wood of the floors and the plaster of the walls. The kitchen always smells sweet, just like the orchard outside.

"How much longer you gonna be able to put these people off, Jenna?"

Startled, I whirl around toward the back door. I find Cristos Theopolis, my father, standing there watching me. His eyes are the same warm honey color as my brother's, only right now, they hold concern. That's the only difference because Jake's never do. Somehow, life made his heart hard and mostly inaccessible.

I sigh. "A little while longer. It's just an interview, Daddy."

"Just an interview. Just the rest of your life, you mean."

"Who's to say I'd even like working there? A degree in business with a focus in marketing is hardly a narrow field. I could work anywhere, in any number of settings."

"It's a great company, Jenna. You're the one who tried to sell me on them just a couple of months ago. Why the sudden hesitation?"

"I...I...I don't know," I say with a shrug, making my way to the kitchen window to look out.

"What's gotten into you, Jen? Lately, you're so distracted. You seem restless and...well, unhappy."

I sigh. "I guess I was just hoping Rusty would be out of the hospital before I left."

"Rusty? I thought you two broke up."

"We did. If we were ever really together, that is."

"What does that mean?"

I sigh again. "Oh nothing. I guess I'm just...waiting."

"On what? What is it you think will happen if he gets out before you go?"

"I don't know, I-"

"Do you think he might propose? I mean, you're broken up. Wouldn't waiting around be silly? Maybe you ought to move on."

His words hit a tender spot. "God, Daddy, I'm not stupid. I know he's not gonna get out and come to beg me back. But I'd like to make sure his life gets back to normal, you know?"

"And if it doesn't? What then? What is it you think you'll be able to do for him?"

"I can't do anything for him. I know that. But if things don't work out for him around here..."

"Jenna, you've got to stop this. You can't put your life on hold for a boy."

"He's not a boy, Daddy. And he's not just 'a boy' anyway. I love him. If there's even a small chance that we could be together, I'll wait for it."

Even to my own ears, I sound deluded and pathetic. And that breaks my heart into even smaller pieces. I seem to be the only one who can't let go, who can't move on.

"You'd want him to come to you just because he's got nothing else left? You'd want him to choose you because there's no better option?"

That's like a scalpel to my stomach. "Of course not."

"Then how long do you wait, honey? How long is too long? Have you ever thought of that? What is the cut-off for him choosing you first? Because you deserve to be first."

For the millionth time, I feel the burn of tears at the back of my eyes. "I don't know. But I can't leave yet. I can't do it, Daddy." I feel like I'm hanging on by the world's thinnest thread of hope. But it's not enough to hold me together. I crumble. "I just can't do it. I can't leave him like that."

I bury my face in my hands. Within a few seconds, I feel strong, familiar arms come around me. One hand strokes my hair as my father soothes me. "Shhh, baby girl. It'll all work out. I promise. Just let it happen like it's supposed to. Don't fight it."

The problem with that advice is that I'm afraid I already know how it's supposed to work out. I'm just not sure I can live with it.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN - Rusty

I guess that's what happens when you're a total ass**le to pretty much everyone-they stop coming to see you. I was blaming my grouchy mood on being confined in a twelve by twelve room with one window, a door and a lot of machinery, but now I'm beginning to see what the problem really is. Every person that walks through the door who's not Jenna pisses me off. Instantly.

Trick was coming to see me every day at first and staying for a couple hours at a time, but now he stops by once and never really settles in. I can tell he's anxious to leave five minutes after he arrives. It doesn't help that, two weeks ago, after his first visit back from his honeymoon, I told both him and Cami that I didn't want to talk about Jenna. So we don't. Ever. They never mention her. And, of course, I never ask. I guess she's gone and gotten her a great job somewhere. And I guess I'll never know unless I swallow some damn pride and ask.

But, then again, do I really want to know? Do I really want to know how happy she is, living somewhere else, without me? No, not really. That feels an awful lot like twisting the knife .

With Trick's visit for the day already over and done with, the only thing I have to look forward to is PT. They tell me that I'm doing so well with my deep breathing, my range of motion exercises, and my ambulation (a fancy word for walking) that I'll soon be discharged until my arm cast comes off. Then I'll start PT all over again.

That's all fine and good. I just want out of this place. A.S.A.P. I need to get on with my life, too. Whatever kind of life that may be.

CHAPTER NINETEEN - Jenna

"So, how is he? Is he getting stronger? Did he get a discharge date yet?" I pound Cami with questions the instant she answers the phone. I know Trick was supposed to go for his morning visit and should be back by now.

"Whoa, whoa, whoa! Give me ten seconds to answer each one. Sheesh," she moans. I give her absolute silence as I wait. "Trick's still calling him a 'grouchy bastard' if that tells you anything about how he is. Still not happy about being in the hospital. Yes, he is getting stronger. He's aced all his PT stuff and is up walking the halls at all hours of the day and night, evidently. And yes, he got a date. Well sort of."

I feel a gasp stick in my chest. "What do you mean he 'sort of' got a date?"

"They're saying within the next couple of days. I have no idea what the date is contingent upon."

"Well why didn't Trick ask?"

"Jenna! He doesn't think like you do. He's a guy. Remember?" She sighs.

"I know. I'm sorry. I'm just so curious."

"I know," she says, her tone quiet. Somber.

I pause, debating the wisdom of asking my next question. I've asked it a couple of times before and the answer always upsets me. But still, I can't seem to help myself from holding onto hope.

At least for a little while longer.

"Did he ask about me?"

There's a pause.

"No."

Although, yes, there's a stabbing pain through my heart, I also get irritated. How the hell can he just move on like that?

"So he hasn't mentioned me, not one time, since y'all have been back?" Static crackles on the line between us. And my heart drops through the floorboards of my bedroom. "Tell me, Cami. I need to know. I'm driving myself crazy, and if something has happened, I need to know."

"Nothing has happened..." she says vaguely.

"Then what was said?"

"The second time I went to see him, he said he didn't want to talk about you, not to bring you up."

"But why?" I ask, my voice small even to my own ears.

"He said he was tired of hearing about it."

I can hear the pain in Cami's words. She hates to tell me something so hurtful, but I cornered her by asking juuuust the right question. Otherwise, she'd never have told me, never have hurt me with this.

But I needed to know. As much as it hurts, I needed to know.

I look down at my hand, shaking where it rests on my thigh. The air around me feels thick and unbreathable. My head throbs with the need to scream. Or cry. Or come apart.

I clear my throat then take a deep breath, refusing to let my best friend see how deeply wounded I am. She's seen enough, heard enough. I won't continue to do this to her.

"Well, in that case, I guess I have some phone calls to make."

"Jenna, I'm so sorry. I don't know what... I really thought..."

"Don't be sorry. We both hoped. And we were both wrong. Turns out neither of us know Rusty very well."

"Wh-what are you going to do?" she asks carefully.

"I'm calling human resources at those two places I've been putting off. If they've still got openings, I'm going to set up an interview again. Only this time, I'm going. There's nothing holding me here. Nothing and no one."

And, for the first time since I met Rusty, I feel that's absolutely, one hundred percent true.

"Why don't you come over tonight? I'll rent some movies and we can hang out. Or we could go to Lucky's. Whatever you want to do."

I smile. Even though I'm hiding it from her, Cami knows me well enough to know I'm dying on the inside. And, no doubt, she's worried about me.

"Nah. I'll leave you two newlyweds to your perverted sexcapades. I think I'll stay here with Daddy. I need to spend some quality time with him since I won't be here much longer."

"Yeah, that's probably a good idea."

She sounds a little hurt by my choice.

"Because you know as well as I do that he won't be visiting me when I move, like you will. The man refuses to leave home."

"Yeah, what's up with that? What's so fabulous about staying in Greenfield all the time?"

"Well, it's not really Greenfield, it's this house. It's where he spent time with Mom. I don't think he'll ever love another place as much as he loves this one."

Cami sighs. "That's so sweet."

"I know. Unless it ruins your life."

"Yeah, love can go either way. If you let it."

"I guess so. I suppose sometimes you just have to cut your losses."

"Sometimes you do," she agrees.

The question is: How?

CHAPTER TWENTY - Rusty

I glance up at the clock on the wall. It's after seven in the evening. "What are you still doing around here?" I ask Mom when she wanders in. Normally, she visits me several times throughout the day and then goes home to do stuff around the house around six or so.

She doesn't answer me right away. She just walks toward me, arms crossed over her chest, and sits on the edge of my bed. She looks like she's deep in thought.

"Did I ever tell you that your father came back after he left that last time?"

I feel like shaking my head to clear it. Talk about out of the blue!

"What? What are you talking about?"

She looks off into the distance, a wistful smile on her face. "Your father had big dreams. And he was a very determined man. Stubborn. A lot like you. He thought there was more to life than small town living."

I grit my teeth. It aggravates me to think of him, to think of what he did to Mom, to us, much less talk about it. "I know. He was an ass**le. You deserved better."

"You'd get so excited when he'd come home. You were on cloud nine, right up until he left again. Then you'd be depressed for days. Sometimes you wouldn't eat. I'd get letters from your teachers. It was a cycle. It was hard on you."

"But once he left for good, we did just fine without him."

"You're right. We did. But he came back once, once that you didn't know about."

I shrug. "So? What's one more time?"

"He asked me if we'd go with him. He'd gotten a job with a country singer, on the road crew. Unloading equipment from the trucks. He just knew it would be his big break. And he wanted us to come with him."

I'm not sure how I feel about this new information, but I'm confused as to why she's telling me this now. "Obviously you told him no, right?"

"Right. I told him no. I knew nothing would make you happier than to have both of us together, but he wasn't thinking about you like he should've. He wasn't thinking like a parent. What about school? What about stability? You can't raise a child on the road, as a hired hand for a country singer."

"So he left us for his big dream. I already knew that, Mom, even if I didn't know he came back that last time."

"Yes, the end result was the same. But you know, I could've asked him to stay. And he would've. And things would've gone on like they always had. But I still loved him, and I wanted him to be happy. I knew he could never be happy around here. And I knew you needed more than sporadic visits or life on the road. So I made the only choice I felt like I could. I told him to stay away. I told him to go chase his dreams, to find what happiness he could out there, but I told him to forget about us. I knew you'd never have a chance to heal if he kept coming in and out of your life."

Even though I understand why she did what she did, I'm not certain I can see why she kept it from me all this time. She let me think he abandoned us because he loved his dreams more than he loved us. In a way, that was true. But he would've kept coming around if she hadn't told him not to. And I'm just not sure how I feel about it now, how I feel about him. And her.

"Mom, why are you telling me this now?" I ask, my tone rife with frustration.

"Because I could always see how it hurt you when he would come and then go, but I never saw how much it hurt you that he left and never came back. But I'm seeing it now. And I don't want you to live your life based on a single event when you don't have all the information."

I don't even know what to say to that. I want to ask her what the hell she's talking about or if she's been taking someone else's meds. But I don't. Because the more I think about it, the more I think I know what she's trying to say. And the more I think she's trying to help me not lose someone I'll regret losing for the rest of my life.

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE - Jenna

A loud bark at my right ear provides me with a very rude awakening. After spending a nearly sleepless night tossing and turning, agonizing over the situation with Rusty, I'm not entirely surprised when I roll over to look at the clock and see that it's almost noon.

Einstein, my eerily intelligent, solid white Labradoodle, barks again, throwing his muddy paws up on the side of the bed and scratching at me with his blunt claws.

"Einstein, no!" I chastise.

He stares me down for several seconds, panting heavily. Finally, he slides his feet off the bed then turns and trots to my closet. He brings back one tennis shoe, drops it on the floor beside the bed and barks again.

"It's too early to walk," I tell him, flopping back down on my pillow. I hear his toenails on the hardwoods and a few seconds later the thonk of another shoe hitting the floor. Another bark. "Einstein, I said no!"

Another scrape from a big paw has me up and out of the bed. Angrily, I grab his collar and tow him toward the door. That's when I hear the sound of a loud engine pulling up in front of the house.

I stop and listen. Einstein is absolutely still as he watches me. He's a very smart dog and this behavior isn't like him. A little thread of alarm snakes its way down my spine.

I hear the engine shut off. Then a door slam. Then another. And then someone is shouting, "He's in orchard. This way." The voice is heavily accented and unfamiliar, making me think it's one of the pickers.

But if someone is hurt out in the orchard, why is a picker at the house doing the talking rather than my father?

Apprehension brings me fully awake. I reason to myself that it's probably because Daddy is still in the orchard. He's not the type of person to leave someone who's hurt. He'd send someone else for help. He probably called 911 from his cell phone and then told one of the pickers to go wait for the paramedics to arrive.

Jumping out of bed and rushing to the window, I pull back the pale pink sheer curtain and peek through the slats of my blinds.

There's an ambulance in my driveway. I catch the departure of a dark-haired guy, dressed in jeans and a white t-shirt (obviously the picker) leading two uniform-clad emergency workers through the gate and into the orchard. Something is obviously very wrong; they're wasting no time as they disappear into the trees, carrying the supply-laden stretcher between them.

Again, Einstein barks at me, urging me toward the door. His persistence is making me more nervous than anything, so I hurry downstairs to the kitchen and grab the walkie talkie from the counter. It stays in the same spot at all times. Everyone knows never to move it.

I press the button and speak into it. "Daddy? Is everything okay?"

I hear a crackle of static followed by silence. I wait several seconds for a response. When I get none, I call again. "Cris Theopolis, what's your twenty?"

Using truck driver speak always, always, always makes me laugh. It always has, since I was a little girl.

Always.

Except for today. Today it's not funny. And the reason is because my father always, always, always answers right away.

Always.

Except for today.

Like I've swallowed a lump of lead, the pit of my stomach feels heavy with dread. Something is terribly wrong. I can feel it like cold breath on the nape of my neck. The skin on my arms pebbles with chills.

"Daddy?" I call again. I know there's anxiety in my voice and that I probably don't sound very much like myself. It's hard to speak past the fingers of fear that are squeezing my throat.

Finally another crackle of static is followed by a voice, but it's not my father's. "Who this?" the man asks, his English broken.

Fear erupts into terror. "This is Jenna Theopolis. My father owns this property. I need to speak with him please."

"The men just now get here. They take him to hospital. Can't talk right now."

The line goes dead again.

And panic sets in.

I'm alone. I have little information and a nearly unbearable weight on my chest. And my father is out in the orchard. Somewhere. Hurt.

My heart is hammering against my ribs, threatening to break them into tiny pieces if I don't find out what's going on. Taking the stairs two at a time, I race to my room and throw on some clothes. Less than five minutes later, I grab the walkie that never moves and I hit the front door, fully dressed and ready to scour every inch of the orchard for my father if need be.

Something tells me I should wait, that going out isn't the best thing to do, but I ignore that voice. I'm not a "wait" kind of person; I'm an "act" kind of person. For better or worse, to make a move or to move on, I act. And now, I'm acting. I'm going in search of my father.

Einstein and I stop at the fence. I squat and grab his face in my hands, looking directly into his somber, intelligent brown eyes. "Take me to Daddy, Einstein. Take me to him."

With a bark, Einie takes off running East. I'm hot on his heels, oblivious to the tears streaming down my face and the ache in my legs as I dodge trunks and branches to pursue the dog as he runs through the trees rather than up the lanes between them.

Another bark and Einstein abruptly cuts left down a row. I hurry to catch him. When I step out into the opening, I see a picker leading the two paramedics toward me, back in the direction of the house. Between the emergency workers is the stretcher. Atop it is my father.

"Daddy!" I yell, my voice cracking with emotion.

Three pairs of eyes are watching me as I race toward them. My father doesn't move.

When I reach them, they don't stop. They are walking briskly. They don't even slow down long enough to let me talk to my father.

I walk alongside the stretcher. My dad is lying prone, covered in a white sheet and strapped in so that he can't move or fall off. An oxygen mask is covering the lower part of his face, a face that's unusually ashen. His eyes are closed and, when I reach out to touch the top of the arm closest to me, the lids don't even flicker.

"Daddy?" He doesn't respond. His eyelashes don't flutter. He doesn't turn his head. He doesn't move a muscle.

Oh God! Oh God! Oh God!

"What happened?" I ask in general, speaking to anyone who will answer me.

One of the EMTs answers. I can tell by his kind expression that he's trying to be gentle, which upsets me all the more. What is he hiding?

"We can't be sure, ma'am, but considering what this man has said, it sounds like he fell off a ladder and hit his head. We won't know anything for sure until we get him to the hospital. He's been unresponsive up to this point."

The picker falls back to walk closer to me. "He fall off ladder. Doesn't wake up. We call emergency."

In my head, I can picture it. The first pick of the season is done by my father. It's something he and my mother apparently used to do together, every single year without fail. And they always used the same ladder, the ladder that had been used by my mother's family for generations. That damn rickety, old, wooden ladder.

That ladder, that ritual meant the world to them. And it might have cost me mine.

Einstein leads us back to the gate. I don't leave my father's side as they carry him to the ambulance. With a flick, the paramedics lower the legs on the stretcher to let it rest on the pavement while they open the doors to the back.

No one looks at me. No one says a word. I'm terrified.

In shock, I wait while the paramedics collapse the stretcher legs and push my father into the empty rear compartment of the squad. One EMT climbs in behind him.

"You're welcome to ride along, if you're comfortable going now. If you'd rather drive, that's fine, but we need to leave now. Right now," he says emphatically.

I process very little of what he's saying. "My keys," I say, dazedly. I know I need to go get them.

The EMT nods. "Just meet us there."

I turn on shaky legs to run into the house and get my purse. When I re-emerge, the ambulance is just pulling out. I climb into my car to follow.

My legs feel numb where they dangle below me. My foot feels leaden where it presses on the gas pedal. My hands feel frozen where they grip the steering wheel. Nothing seems to be working right. My thoughts are jumbled and dark, foreboding. Ominous.

In the back of my mind, I keep thinking there must be some mistake. Or that I'm still dreaming, that this can't be happening. That my father can't be hurt badly, that he must not have heard me calling his name. Surely he didn't or he would've opened his eyes.

But he was so still. So very, very still.

My mind churns, mixing and remixing my emotions into a thick paste that rational thought can't penetrate. But one feeling lurks behind all the rest, like a still, black backdrop. It's the horrific, bone-deep, gut-wrenching certainty that something is so wrong that my life will never be the same again.

Never.

********

At the hospital, the dreaded hospital again, I follow the signs that say EMERGENCY all the way up to two wide, wooden doors that read AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY. Still confused by what the morning has held for me, I stare blankly at the sign until constructive thought can get a foothold.

With a muted click, the doors swing open and two nurses emerge. They smile at me as though my father isn't in a room back there, possibly slipping away from this world, taking with him the only anchor I have left.

As they continue past me, I slip through the doors, unnoticed. I make my way slowly through the labyrinth of identical halls with identical smells and identical workers, my eyes constantly searching for the familiar face of my father.

Unremarkable door after unremarkable door goes by and still no sign of my father. I reach the end of the hall and turn the corner. Up ahead, I see the nurse's station to my right. As I walk toward it, I pass a room with a flurry of activity inside. Nurses are shuffling quickly in and out, carrying different things. A harsh male voice is barking orders, demanding different things. I realize as I watch that I don't need to ask anyone to help me find my father anymore.

I've found him.

The excruciating ache in my chest tells me so.

I stop just outside the room, staring through the window, watching the scene like I might watch a train wreck. A train wreck where my whole world is lying on the tracks.

I hear the word "clear" followed by an odd tapping sound. I know what it is. I've never heard it before, but I can guess. It's the machine that shocks a dying heart back to life.

I stand, mute and motionless, listening, watching, crumbling inside as the commotion dies down and I hear the same male voice, not so harsh anymore, pronounce time of death.

Like a silent movie, somber faces file out of the room, one by one. Some look at me in question as they pass; others don't meet my eye. It seems they know who I am. Maybe they can feel the agony coming off me in waves.

Finally, the doctor emerges. I open my mouth to speak, to tell him who I am. I hear someone say my name. But surely that's not my voice, that broken sound. Surely not.

But it must be. The sad look of sympathy on the doctor's face tells me so. It says that he's the bearer of bad news. And he knows he's delivering it to me.

His words come to me from a long distance, like he's speaking from the other side of a large, empty room. I see him reach out compassionately and lay a hand on my arm. I feel his touch like I'm wearing layer upon layer of thick wool.

He takes me by the shoulders and turns me around, leading me to a tiny private room tucked away in a quiet corner of one hall. The soft blue furniture and soothing taupe walls are clearly meant to calm, but I feel only desperation.

Devastation.

Heartbreak.

I watch his lips move as he explains to me what happened. A few words echo through my mind in a disjointed way, things like basilar skull fracture, fatal and instant.

I think he asks me about other relatives to notify and someone I can stay with, but I can't be sure. Like a radio with bad reception, I'm fading in and out of the world around me.

I hear that voice again, the girl's voice, the broken one. It asks to see "him." It spills my thoughts into the air, but it's nearly unrecognizable to me.

I watch the doctor nod solemnly. Then he's touching me again, leading me back through the halls into a now-empty room. Well, not completely empty. It's only empty of the living.

Gentle hands position me at my father's side then push me down into a chair. And then I'm alone. With my father. One last time. To say things he'll never hear and to beg for things he can never give.

His hand seems small and pale when I slide my fingers over the cold palm. He's always seemed larger than life, even his hands. But that's no longer the case. They're tiny in the face of death. Everything is.

I lean forward in my seat and brush my fingertips down his cheek. It's firm and cool. Still. Lifeless. Never again will I see the smile that graced his face so often. Never again will I see the love that shined from his eyes. Never again will I hear the voice that soothed my worried soul.

Never.

That's a word I'll have to get used to.

All the things I took for granted, all the things I thought there was plenty of time for, all the things that carried a tag that read someday, now reads never. All the some days and one days, all the maybes and ifs are now nevers. Never is the new constant. The only thing that will always be true now is that he's gone. He'll always be gone.

I let my head fall onto his shoulder one last time. The spreading wetness beneath my cheek makes no impression on me. Nothing does.

I don't know how long I've been like this when a nurse comes to help me to my feet. She explains something about having to get him ready for the funeral home and then tells me I need to get some rest.

Something in me says that's funny-rest. Rest? Who could rest at a time like this? And what kind of person would even suggest it?

My radio fades in and out again, taking the nurse and her silly words with it. Absently, I wonder if I'll be able to experience true rest ever again. Right now, I'm not even sure I'll be able to experience true feeling ever again, much less rest. Or peace. Or happiness. Only numbness. Blessed numbness.

She leads me to the door and I look back, back at my father one more time. And then, with the one step that takes me from the room, I'm as gone from him as he is from me.

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO - Rusty

I'm surprised when I see Mom come back through the door. It's Saturday, so she stayed home most of the day, stopping in after lunch to see me before she went downstairs to catch up on some paperwork and then go back home. Only she didn't. She's here instead.

"I thought you were going home?" She doesn't answer me right away, which gives me time to notice her expression. She's got bad news. I can see it in the way her mouth pinches in at the corners. "Please don't tell me they've decided to keep me another week."

"Son, I've got some bad news."

"Well? What is it?"

There's a long pause and a sigh before she answers. "I was going over some reports with the unit manager down in the ER when they brought in Cris Theopolis."

Using my good arm, I push myself up in bed. "What? What happened?"

"Evidently he was in an accident at the orchard. He passed away, honey."

I throw back the covers and climb quickly out of bed. I don't hesitate. Not for one second, not for one heartbeat.

"Jeff, listen to me. I'll do whatever you need me to do, but you need to stay put until they let you go."

"To hell with that! I'm going."

I walk to the closet to get the clothes Mom brought me a few days ago.

"Jeffrey, this could set you back. It could-"

Angrily, I whirl toward her. "I don't give a shit, Mom. It's Jenna." When she does nothing but stare at me, I repeat. "It's Jenna."

I pull on the jeans I was going to wear when they let me go. Turns out I'm going to wear them today.

When I go find Jenna.

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE - Jenna

I hear the honking again. I wonder vaguely why people keep honking at me. I'm driving straight. I'm within the lines.

Another car goes flying past as though I'm standing still. It's then I realize that I am. Again. For the fourth time, I've stopped in the middle of the road and not even realized it until a car honks its horn angrily and then speeds by like a bat out of hell.

The nurse in the ER asked if there was family she could call for me. I stared blankly at her as I went through a mental list and came up with no one. My mother is dead. My father is dead. My brother is...well, he's somewhere. But not here. My answer to her was no, I have no family for her to call.

I could've had her call Cami, but she feels far from me today. Her life is happy and perfect, not a place for all my troubles and woes, let alone a place for death and loss.

Without her, I really am alone. All alone. The only other person who means anything to me in this town couldn't care less that my world just exploded. He made his feelings about me very clear.

As I pull off the road onto the long drive that leads to my house, I remember how, just a few weeks ago, I was enjoying the feelings of comfort this part of the drive was bringing me. Now, it feels empty. Hollow. Painful.

Once I park in my usual spot at the house, I get out of the car and, on stiff legs, make my way up the steps to the porch. The door is slightly ajar; I didn't even bother to close it before I left to follow the ambulance.

I push it open and stop just inside the foyer to listen, to smell, to experience home the way I always have. But I can't. This isn't the home that I've returned to every year for so many. This is just the place that my dad no longer inhabits. It's just a series of rooms alive with only the ghost of his memory. Nothing more.

I hear a slow, steady clicking and look up to see Einstein standing in the kitchen doorway. His eyes are sober as he watches me. He drops to the floor and lays his head on his paws, a soft whine screeching at the back of his throat. He knows something is wrong. So, so wrong.

I walk past him to the kitchen. I see my father reheating fried chicken for me and scrubbing me on top of the head in that loving way he used to do. I turn away, back toward the den. There, I see my father laughing and eating popcorn, and giving me philosophical advice. I turn back toward the stairs and know that, at the top, is his bedroom-now and forever empty and cold.

There is no longer any happiness here, any comfort. There is pain and loss and a future without my father. The floorboards don't ooze peach syrup anymore; they ooze the most hideous kind of heartbreak. The walls don't shake with laughter anymore; they shake with grief. The air doesn't smell of home anymore; it smells of my own personal hell.

So I run.

I run back through the house, back out the door, back out into the driveway. And I stand there. Looking at the house. Knowing I can't go back inside. Not now. Maybe not ever.

Little by little, this town has taken every bit of happiness I've ever had. It has swallowed it up and left me standing, broken and alone, staring at an empty house with an empty life.

I feel the first drop like a cool tear to my cheek. I look up at the sky, at the dull gray clouds that mirror the bleakness in my chest, and I see the rain begin. Slow at first, like the sky itself is suddenly feeling my pain. And then, like the break in my heart, it opens up and weeps for me, pouring rain over my upturned face.

Impervious to the downpour, I stand in the driveway, in the rain, looking at the house. I wish with all my heart the drops would just wash it away. Along with the pain.

I glance up at the windows, gaping black holes staring back at me, mocking me with what is no longer behind them, with who is no longer behind them. And never will be again.

One second the tenuous hold I have on my emotions is intact, the next it's gone. And the damn breaks.

With a scream that echoes through my head like a coyote's cry echoes through a canyon, it is torn from my lungs, from my chest, from my lips in one long, agonizing wail. The rain steals the sound and carries it to the ground, where it's as dead as my father. And I'm once again all alone in the deafening silence.

Turning from the house, I take off at a run for the gate, for the orchard that took my father's life. If I had a knife, I would cut the bark of every tree I pass until they bleed their life in thick, sticky rivulets. Penance for the life they stole.

I can't see past the tears, past the rain. Past the pain. My foot finds a hole and my balance is lost. I see the ground coming toward my face with alarming speed. My knees hit first, the impact jarring my teeth. I close my eyes and throw out my arms to brace myself. But before I make contact with the ground, strong fingers are winding around my upper arms, stopping my descent.

One heartbeat brings confusion. The next, recognition. I don't have to look back to know who's got me. Who caught me. Who saved me.

Rusty turns me toward him. I stare up into his eyes. They're deeply pained at the moment, as though they're a reflection of my own.

"Jenna," he whispers softly.

"What are you doing here?"

His eyes search mine. "I came for you."

"But why?" I ask, unwilling to give in to the hope that has left me so devastated so many times before.

"In case you need me," he responds simply.

Bitterness rises to the surface to mix with the pain. It blurs the lines of my feelings. "You shouldn't have," I spit. "I don't need you."

I see hurt flash through his eyes. "What if I need you?"

"But you don't. You made that all too clear."

"I was an idiot, Jenna. I was a proud, arrogant idiot. But I'm here now. Doesn't that count for something?"

"No, it doesn't. It can't. It can't," I hiss, my voice getting louder and louder as my emotions churn. "I can't wait for you anymore, Rusty. I can't lose anyone else. My heart can't take it. You had your chance and you blew it. Now let me go and get the hell off my land."

I twist my body, trying to wrench free of his iron grip, all to no avail. Despite the fact that one arm is in a cast, Rusty is still stronger than me.

"I can't," he growls down into my face.

"What are you even doing here?" I scream, channeling my rage at the world, my rage at life into fury at Rusty. "Aren't you supposed to be in the hospital, forgetting about me?"

"I was, but I left."

"Then go back. I don't want you here."

"I can't," he says again.

"Why not?"

"Because I came here for you, Jenna."

"Why? I didn't ask you to come here. I never asked you for one thing. But now I am. I'm asking you to leave. Just leave. Leave me alone!"

"I can't!" he repeats angrily, his face the twisted mask of a tortured soul.

"Why?" I rail back.

"Because I can't let you go. I love you too much!"

My heart stops for just an instant, torn between elation and devastation. But I can't afford to hang on to the elation. The devastation to follow might well be the end of me.

"You can't tell me that today. You don't get to do this to me today. I've lost everything. Everything. You can't come back into my life and then leave me again, you bastard," I cry, thumping my fists against his chest. "You don't get to do this to me today. You don't get to...do...this..." My words are choked out by the sobs I can no longer contain. Suddenly devoid of the ability to stay upright, I crumble into the mud, held vertical only by the grip of Rusty's hands on my upper arms.

"Jenna, please," he whispers, trying once more to pull me to his chest with his good arm. This time I let him, the will to fight having drained right out of me with the first few sobs. "Let me help you. Just give me this one day and I'll go. Just this one. Please, Jenna." In his pause, I feel a sigh expand his lungs. "Please."

Finally, exhausted, I melt into Rusty. On our knees, in the rain, in the mud, I bury my face in his neck and I cry. From my soul, I cry. Every sob feels as though it's torn from me, ripped viciously from a place that should never be touched so cruelly. And I'm left, alive but only physically, with nothing but gaping wounds and gushing blood that no one else can see.

When I'm so hoarse my sobs are nothing more than croaks and I'm so spent my tears give way to the rain, somehow, with only one fully-functional arm, Rusty gently cradles me against him, stands to his feet and carries me away from the orchard.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR - Rusty

I carry Jenna toward the front door of her house, thinking only of getting her out of the rain. I barely hear it when she speaks softly into my ear. "Anywhere but there. I can't go back in there."

"Okay," I tell her, detouring toward my mother's car. I manage to get her into the passenger seat and start the engine, but then I draw a blank. Where can I take her?

Only one place comes to mind. The one place she'd feel best, I think.

Cami's.

I drive cautiously. It's a little unnerving for my first time back behind the wheel of a car to be in the rain, in an unfamiliar car, with a grieving Jenna in the seat beside me. Oh, and with my right arm in a cast. Hell, I don't think conditions could be much worse.

We finally make it to Cami's. I park and walk around to the passenger side door. I open it and lean down to scoop up Jenna, not giving her any choice other than to let me carry her again. I feel like I need to carry her. Maybe more than she needs for me to.

Once she's in my arms, I realize she wouldn't have argued anyway. She's asleep. I'm not sure that's a good thing.

I hurry to the door and ring the bell. Trick answers within a few seconds. "What the-" He frowns in confusion as he looks from me to Jenna, to her legs folded over my casted arm and then back again.

"Can I borrow your bedroom downstairs?" I ask quietly.

"Sure," he says without hesitation, opening the door wider so we can pass.

He doesn't ask questions, which I appreciate. It's a guy thing.

I'm making my way through the kitchen when Cami appears in the doorway.

"Ohmigod, what happened?" she asks, rushing toward me, her eyes on Jenna.

"Shhh," I caution. "She's okay. Just let me take her downstairs and I'll come back up so I can explain."

"No! You can tell me now. Is she okay? What hap-"

"Cami!" I snap, interrupting her. When she snaps her mouth shut and looks at me, I add. "Please."

Cami's violet eyes bore holes into mine as she narrows them on me. She says nothing for a few seconds. I'm sure she's debating the wisdom of leaving her best friend in my care when I've been such an ass**le. But she relents.

"Okay, but you come straight back up here," she hisses.

I nod and continue on to the stairs that lead to the basement. I hit the light switch with my elbow and descend the steps into the cool quiet of the lower level.

I stop on the landing at the bottom. The light from the stairwell only penetrates the dimness a few inches in every direction. When I step out into the darkness, it's somehow like stepping into blessed peace. The light has shown me too much trouble lately. I could use some darkness. Darkness where there's only me and Jenna. And maybe one more chance for me to not screw it up.

From memory, I carry her to the guest suite Trick and Cami set up down here. I can barely make out the bed in the dying daylight seeping through the tiny window at the top of one wall. I head for it and lay her gently on the soft, pillowy top. She stirs very little.

I bend and press my lips to her forehead. I don't know if she even has a clue she's in the world right now, but I speak to her anyway. Just in case.

"Rest, Jenna. I'll be right back. I promise," I whisper. She doesn't respond. A few seconds later, she rolls onto her side and I hear her breathing become deep and even. "I'll be here every time you open your eyes. I swear it," I say. This time, it's more for my benefit than hers.

I make my way back upstairs. Cami's waiting on the top step, arms crossed over her chest, hell in her eyes.

"Dammit, Rusty, what is wrong with her? What did you do?"

"Keep your voice down," I tell her. "I didn't do anything to her. Her father was killed in an accident at the orchard today."

Cami's gasp is followed by her hands covering her mouth and her eyes filling with tears. "Oh my God! Oh my God! Poor Jenna!" She closes her eyes and slides her hands up to cover her whole face. Trick comes around from behind me to pull her into his arms. I give them a few minutes, minutes for Trick to comfort Cami and for Cami to collect herself. She's known Jenna's dad for years. No doubt she feels some sense of pain and loss, too, not to mention the sympathy for her best friend.

When she uncovers her face and wipes her eyes, I continue. "Mom was down in the ER and she came and told me right away. Jenna had already left the hospital, so I went to her house. I found her out in the rain. She didn't want to go back inside, so I brought her here."

"I'm glad you did," Cami says, kindness back in her eyes. "I'll take care of her. I'm sure you need to rest. You're not even supposed to be out of the hospital yet, are you?"

"I'm fine. And I'll stay with her tonight, if you don't mind."

"You really don't need to do that. I'll make sure she knows-"

"No offense, Cami, but it's not a request. I'm staying. Or I'm taking her with me when I leave."

Cami eyes me suspiciously, but again, she relents. "Okay, okay. Can I at least go see her?"

"I'll come get you when she wakes up, but I want to be there when she does."

Cami nods, possibly in approval. I can't be sure. "Fair enough."

She looks from me to Trick, and then turns and walks slowly back toward the living room. I know she doesn't like it, but at least she recognizes that I'm not budging on this. She can take it or leave it. Her choice. She chose to take it.

Smart girl.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE - Jenna

Life, or what feels like the reasonable facsimile of it, has slowed. At first, it was a series of light bulb-flashes of time and sounds, of people and places.

There were the various rooms of my house. Then there were the empty windows of the rooms upstairs. There was Rusty's face in the rain. Then there was the dashboard of an unfamiliar car.

I woke some time later, in a dark room, to the faint sight of Rusty hovering over me. We watched each other for an eternity. Or for a few seconds. I'm not sure which. I stayed perfectly still while the mattress beside me sank and stretched out beside me, drawing me into his arms.

There was more time after that. Hours or days, I don't know, but I woke again in the same dark room. Beneath my ear was a beating heart and deep, even breathing. I lifted my head to confirm what I already knew. It was Rusty. Rusty had fallen asleep holding me.

Still, there was more time. Still, I don't know how much. I woke, startled by a girl's screams. It took Rusty stroking my hair, soothing me with his calming words to make me realize that the girl was me. And that her screams were mine.

I remember daylight after that. And Rusty. Still. Always, it seemed.

There was worry on his face and in his eyes. But there was something else, too. Something I refused to think about. So I slept.

There were vague impressions, too. Fingers on my cheek, lips against mine, words whispered in my ear. Something that made my heart sing and cry, all in the space of a heartbeat. So I dove back into sleep, into escape.

When I could hide no more, I woke to the sight of Cami sitting in the rocking chair in the corner. I watched her for a few seconds before I moved. She looked tired as she swayed gently back and forth, her head resting against the cushion, her eyes closed. I wondered briefly what was weighing so heavily on her.

Her head straightened and her eyes opened, locking on mine immediately. I knew then what was worrying her. It was me.

She came to the bed, curled up beside me, threaded her fingers through mine and we cried. Together. I don't know how long we did that before I fell asleep again. When I woke she was in different clothes, standing in the doorway.

"Where's Rusty?" I'd asked.

"He said he'd asked you for one day, and that you'd given it to him. And that he would come back if you wanted him to."

My heart broke a little more. I'm not sure why. Maybe because it was already in a million tiny pieces and happiness hurt just as much as sadness. Or maybe because I couldn't tell them apart. Maybe they are one and the same. Or maybe there can't be one without the other.

After that moment, time sped up into a blur, a rapid succession of images and places, of fuzzy emotions and decisions, all set against the backdrop of an unimaginable pain and sense of loss. They ran together, beyond my control, like water colors in a cold, hard rain.

There were arrangements to make, morticians to speak to, songs to choose and gravestones to select. There were thoughts of telephone calls, but none to make, except to my brother, Jake. Although he's always been as far away emotionally as he has been geographically, he promised he would come. That moment stood out among the rest.

And now, somehow, I'm here. In a cemetery. In the sunlight. In a dress I don't remember buying, in front of a casket I can't remember picking out.

My brother stands beside me, looking like a brooding, bitter version of my father, with his black hair, dark skin and amber eyes, and we address the dozens of people who have come to pay their last respects to my father. He nods politely and I say things I really don't mean to people I really don't know as they drift by in single file. I watch them come and I watch them go, and all I feel is...empty. And alone.

Even my mother's jealous, vindictive sister, Ellie's presence doesn't shake me from my stupor. I recognize her trailer-trash hair and her trailer-trash dress when she steps up in line. I recognize the smell of vodka on her breath and the way she curls her lip in disgust. But still, I don't feel like I'm present. Not fully.

I listen as she speaks, but I don't really understand what it is she's trying to say. And some part of me thinks that I don't really want to. At least not today.

"I'm so sorry to hear about your daddy," I hear her slur. "Have you already read the will and taken care of all the arrangements?"

I don't answer. I simply watch her, wishing she'd disappear. Or that I would.

"Well," she continues, "just let me know when to be there. I'm sure he's made some provisions for you two, like a good father would, but that orchard should come to me. Rightfully. And since you kids don't have an interest in living there like me and Turkey do..."

Some part of me, a part that I see and feel as if I'm observing it from a great distance, is getting angry. It threatens to penetrate my numb cocoon. But I resist.

"What's this about, Ellie?" Jake asks, protectively stepping closer to me.

"Jake, honey, you know as well as I do that you two don't want the orchard. And it should've come to me next anyway, so why don't we just talk to the lawyers and have them sign it over to me and Turkey. You'll feel better without having to worry about the home place."

"The hell I will," Jake bites. "My mother would roll over in her grave if she thought I turned the place she loved so much over to you."

Even from deep inside my fuzzy reality, I see Ellie's saccharine sweet demeanor dissolve into one of contempt. "We'll just see what the lawyers have to say about that then. I tried to do this the kind way, but you're making it awful hard to be nice, son."

"I'm not your son," Jake growls. "And we'll see just who ends up with what. Now, take your raggedy ass on home before you really make me mad."

I know I should feel angry. I can see it in the way Jake glances at me, as if waiting for me to speak up. Only I don't. Because I can't. I can't feel anything right now. I simply watch, like I'm watching a game from the sidelines, as Ellie glares at Jake and takes her husband, Turkey, by the arm and drags him away. "Come on. I knew this would be a waste of time."

The line begins to dwindle. As it does, one random thought chases itself through my head, over and over and over.

What do I do after this?

No answer comes to me. I shake hand after hand, and accept hug after hug until there's no one left in line, and it's just me and Jake standing in the cemetery, all alone.

It's as I'm glancing at the gravestones that surround me, all glistening in the sun like so many black diamonds, that I see him.

Rusty.

Standing in the shade of a tree, he's wearing a black suit, the jacket draped over one shoulder. His right arm is free, covered only in a white, unbuttoned shirt sleeve that fits over his cast.

I have no idea how long he's been there, but some part of me says he's been there all along.

Across the distance, we stare at each other. Then, little by little, like dawn breaking through the darkness of the night, feeling begins to penetrate-the breeze on my skin, the sun on my face, the pain in my soul, the certainty in my heart.

Everything in my vision, in my world, in my life, comes into crystal clear focus as I stand, holding my breath, staring at Rusty. Waiting. Finally, with clarity that only great tragedy can bring, I see Rusty. Really see him. I see the fear he's lived with, and I see the insecurity he grew up with. I see the guy I fell in love with, and I see the man he's become since fate stepped in and brought us together.

I take one step forward and I stop. And I wait. Unmoving, he watches me, so I take another. And another. And another still, walking until I'm close enough to smell the scent of his soap, swirling around me like a comforting fog.

"I know I shouldn't have come," he begins.

"Then why did you?"

"Because I couldn't stay away. I had to know you were okay."

"I'm okay," I assure him, even though we both know that's a lie. "Is that it? I mean, are you just gonna leave now?"

"I don't want to, but I will if that's what you want."

"I've never wanted you to go, Rusty."

"And I've never wanted you to go," he replies. "But I knew you would. I knew you had to."

"Then why did you say the things you did?"

Rusty takes a deep breath and looks off into the distance before he returns his gaze to me. "I was trying to do what was right. For both of us."

"And now? What are you trying to do now?"

"Survive," he says simply.

My addled mind isn't working well enough to make sense of riddles, so I wait. Wait for him to explain.

"Jenna, I can survive without you. I can exist," he begins, the words slicing through me like a knife through butter. "But it wouldn't be any kind of existence that I'd want. You are what makes my life worth living. You're the sunshine in it, you're the laughter and the smiles. You're the warm nights and the cool breezes. You're like every good memory and moment and dream I've ever had all wrapped up into one. And if you go, you take the only living part of me with you. Without you, I might as well be dead. So, yes, I can survive without you. But that's all I'd be doing.

"I don't know how to apologize for being an idiot and an ass**le, and for letting something as stupid as fear come between me and the only chance I'll ever have at happiness. I don't know how to tell you that I love you for every single thing that you are and every single thing you'll ever be. I don't know how to tell you that when my mom told me about your dad, I felt an ache in my chest-literally-at the thought of you somewhere, alone and hurting, and me not being there to hold you while you cried. I don't know how to tell you that I'd follow you to the ends of the earth, just to hear you say you love me one more time. Help me, Jenna. Help me say the right things. Help me do the right things. Help me to be the kind of man you could spend the rest of your life loving. Because that's who I want to be."

As I stand, chest to chest, with Rusty, listening to his hoarse voice, letting the sincerity in it wash over me like a cleansing tide, I realize that it is entirely possible to experience the most agonizing pain and the most wondrous happiness at the exact same time in life. And that maybe it's the presence of one that so magnifies the other.

I glance back over my shoulder, at the mahogany casket that's gleaming brightly on the other side of the cemetery, and I know my father is looking on. Just like I'd always hoped, he's here with me on one of the most important days of my life. And he always will be. I might not be able to reach out and touch him or feel his arms wrap around me, but he's here just the same. I'll carry him with me. Always.

With my first smile in days blooming across my face like an old friend, I turn back to Rusty.

"I don't need any of those things, Rusty. I never have. All I've ever wanted, all I've ever needed is your love. As long as I have that, nothing else matters."

"But I-"

"Shhh," I say, placing my finger over his warm lips. "No. No more apologies. Life's too short to go back, to look back. As long as you love me, that's all that matters. That's all that will ever matter."

"I've loved you from the moment I met you, Jenna. And I'll love you long after I'm gone from this world."

I reach up and wind my arms around his neck, giving him a mischievous wink. "What took you so long?"

He grins down at me. "Traffic was hell."

I laugh as his lips cover mine. And, in the sunshine, I feel my father smiling down on me-the two men I've loved most in my life, here with me. Always in my heart.

EPILOGUE - Jenna

Three months later

"I wonder what this is all about," I muse out loud to Rusty as he flies through the curves and turns that lead to Cami and Trick's house.

This is the first time we've been back to Greenfield in over a month. Jake, like a dog with a bone, is staying at the house, taking care of Einstein and doing everything he can to thwart my aunt as she tries to take our heritage. I'm relieved that he wanted to do it. I still have trouble walking through the front door of that place. But that doesn't mean I want to let Ellie have it. I just need time. And Jake is giving it to me.

As for Rusty and me, we've been busy-me with my new job, Rusty with physical therapy and getting his new garage set up in Atlanta. And both of us with making our new apartment "home."

"I've got my suspicions. Since Rags won his last race-and I don't even know how many that makes now-Trick has started getting all sorts of offers for breaking horses. And for breeding, too. Everybody wants a piece of Rags. But last I heard he hadn't made any moves on anything. I'm wondering if he just has or is getting ready to. Either way, you know how he is. The guy's about as dramatic and mysterious as my left nut. All this suspense has to be Cami's idea."

"Of course it is, silly. What guy is ever the dramatic one in the relationship?"

"Exactly, which makes me think it's-"

"Wait!" I yell, holding out my hand to stop him. "I take it back. I don't want to know what you think. I wanna be surprised."

Rusty shrugs. "Whatever."

I'm looking out the window at the passing landscape, just thinking, when we pass a little road I've never noticed before.

"Wonder where that goes?"

When Rusty doesn't answer, I glance over at him. He's looking in the rear view mirror. "I don't know," he admits, turning his eyes to me. "But how about we turn around, see where it goes and have some afternoon delight before we hear this big news?"

"No, we can't do that. They're waiting for us."

"We won't be long," he says with a grin.

"Oh, so you're not worried about me at all. Is that what you're saying?"

"Are you saying you don't think I can work my magic on that delectable body of yours in such a short amount of time?"

"No, I'm not saying that. I meant-"

"Challenge accepted," he says with a grin, bringing the car to a screeching halt then making a U turn.

Fourteen minutes later, we're back on the road, both of us wearing very satisfied smiles.

"Doubt me again," Rusty says with a cocky half-grin. "See what happens."

"Gladly."

He reaches over and takes my hand in his, bringing my wrist to his lips before he sets our entwined fingers on his thigh. A little smile stretches over his lips as he navigates the road to Cami's. I lean my temple against the headrest and watch him. I can't help thinking of how life is full of the most precious moments imaginable.

Less than fifteen minutes later, we're sitting on Cami's couch, holding glasses of champagne, watching Trick and her grin at each other.

"For the love of God, tell me or face the consequences," I say when I can't take another second of suspense.

"You're so impatient! Give us a minute."

"Why? Are you working up the courage to get naked and ask if we wanna swap? Because I can save you some embarrassment."

"Oh God, Jenna! Of course not."

"Then get to it, woman! Chop chop!"

"It's not that easy. We're waiting for a phone call."

"A phone call?"

My curiosity is officially piqued.

The silence stretches on and, just when I'm about to mouth off again, Trick's cell phone rings.

He smiles and says, "She is?" Pause. "That's great news! And thanks for calling me with the results."

When I hear that, I cover my gaping mouth with my hand and fight back the tears stinging my eyes. "Ohmigod," I mumble.

Before I can say anything else, Trick finally speaks. "That was the vet's office. They just got back the blood work results from the lab."

I drop my hands. "The vet? What?" Obviously I was about to jump to a very erroneous conclusion.

"Yeah. I used some of the winnings from Rags' last race to breed Patty with a stallion who's won the Kentucky Derby twice and the Preakness once." Trick looks down at Cami and grins before bringing his attention back to us. "Her blood work confirms that she's pregnant. Male or female, we're naming the foal Justy, after you two. The godparents."

"Do what now? I'm confused."

I look at Rusty and he appears to be just as confused as I am. We both turn back to Trick.

"Man, you're gonna have to spell things out. We just christened some woods near here and our brains aren't fully functional yet," Rusty blurts honestly. I smack his arm for his confession, but when he winks at me, I can't help but grin.

"We'll talk about the rules and regulations for, ahem, acceptable uses of my property later," Trick teases sternly. "Right now, we're basically asking you two to be the godparents of our children."

"Ohhh," Rusty and I say simultaneously. "Of course we'll be godparents to your children. Why would you ever think otherwise?" I ask.

"Well, we kinda figured you would," Cami says. Her smile says there's more. When she doesn't say anything right away, I gasp and throw my hands over my mouth again. "Ohmigod, ohmigod, ohmigod!"

Cami's smile gets wider and Trick's grin stretches from ear to ear.

"Am I missing something?" Rusty asks.

Cami turns glistening eyes to him as Trick bends from behind to wind his arms around her neck and hug her to him.

"I'm pregnant, Rusty. Trick and I are gonna have a baby."

Tears are spilling down my cheeks and over my fingers when Rusty gets up and takes Cami's glass of champagne and downs it in one swallow. "I guess you won't be needing that then."

We all laugh.

This just keeps getting better and better.

EPILOGUE - Rusty

Jenna's skin is still damp from the thorough plundering I just gave her. My fingers slide smoothly across her flat stomach. I rub circles over it, around her bellybutton and up between her ribs. It's times like this that I'm even more glad I healed so well. I'd hate to miss touching Jenna like this.

"What are you thinking about when you do that?" she asks.

"Do what?"

"Touch my belly like that."

"Do I do this a lot or something?"

"You have been the last few days. Am I getting fat or something?"

I roll my eyes and she grins. She's not getting fat and she knows it. Jenna's got a body ninety nine percent of the female population of the world would kill for. I'd kill for it, too. Just in a different way.

I go back to exploring the subtle landscape of her stomach.

"Well?

"Well what?"

"Are you gonna tell me what that's all about or not?"

I shrug, trying to be nonchalant. "I've just been wondering what it would look like a little rounder, what you'd look like pregnant."

There's a long pause.

"Does that worry you?"

"Worry me? Hell no. I can't imagine what it would feel like to touch you like this, knowing that my baby, our baby, was growing inside you."

I hear a soft gasp and I look up into the dark pools of her eyes. "What's wrong?"

She shakes her head, but says nothing.

"What? Does that bother you?"

She shakes her head again. I can see that she's fighting back tears. Her eyes shine in a different way when she's trying not to cry.

"Then what?"

It takes her at least a full minute to answer me, and even then, her voice sounds a little thick.

"I just didn't know you ever thought of things like that."

"Do you? Ever think of things like that, I mean."

"Sometimes."

"And?"

"And what?"

"Does it make you happy? Thinking about having my baby? Having our baby?"

I can tell she's getting choked up again. She just nods.

"I could spend the rest of my life touching you like this, watching our babies grow inside you, raising them together, chasing our dreams down and making them our bitches."

She laughs, which is just what I wanted. One of the dreams I have yet to tell Jenna about is watching her walk down a beautifully decorated church aisle toward me, toward our future and our life together. I'll tell her all about that one someday soon. When I give her the ring that's hiding in the top drawer of the dresser, under some old hunting socks I have. When I ask her to spend the rest of her life as Mrs. Jeffrey Catron. But right now, I'm happy just to hold her. And tell her I love her. And call her mine.

It's about time.

THE END

