Prelude

It was raining. I love the rain; but not the thunder and lightning. The flashing lights aren't as bad as the angry thunder. It reminds me of Momma when she's in a rage, high on drugs, drink, and men. Today I have a double dose of it because there is a thunderstorm raging outside, and my monster of a mother is in one of her own rages.

I had hoped and prayed to God that she would just go to sleep like she usually does. But God wasn't listening today. It seems like God isn't listening anytime I pray to him. I'm beginning to wonder if he even exists, like the preacher who stops by from time to time says he does. Momma curses God a lot, so I think she believes in him.

The rain soaks through my thin tee shirt and leggings. I snuck out of the window in my room as soon as Momma finished with me. The raindrops wash away my tears and the blood on the many cuts that Momma left after she went after me with a switch and her fists. The cold water stung on my swollen welts and bruised body, but I was use to the pain.

As soon as my bare feet touch down outside my window of our trailer I race across the tiny section of grass that separates the run down trailer that I live in to the one that Nik calls home. I pray that his mother hasn't decided to clean his room, that she hasn't locked the window that he always leaves unlocked for me-just in case.

As I step on to the old five gallon bucket that I use as a stepladder I let out a whimper when I find that, yes Nik's mom has in fact been in his room. The window is locked. Shivering now because the rain is cold and I have no shoes, no coat, and now no warm room to escape into. I know that there is no use trying one of the other surrounding trailers. Jesse's dad is home and I would never go in there when there is the chance that Mr. Thornton could find me. Drake and Shane's trailer only has a small window that is far too high up for my little legs to reach unless one of them helps me.

A small sob escapes me and I push the wet, matted hair away from my face, only to winch when I touch my swollen cheek. Momma was a pro at slapping my face. And today she had been mainly on target considering the amount of drugs she has been taking and the booze that she is chasing it all with.

There was a noise from across the small lawn. My mother has come back for round two and has discovered that I'm gone. Heart racing I do the only thing I can think of. I pull on the tin that underpins Nik's trailer. I pull and pull, slicing my palms as I do so. But finally with a whimper of triumph I pull it back enough so that I can crawl under the trailer.

Once I am under I pull the tin back into place. I swallow a scream when I set back and my hand touches the skeleton of a mouse. I wipe my hand on my soaked leggings and then wrap my arms around my knees so that I don't come into contact with the mouse again. My head leans back against the underpinning and I close my eyes, praying that my mother doesn't think to look for me here...

I must have fallen asleep. When I wake up I hear Nik and Jesse calling my name. Both sound frantic. "Emmie?" Nik is right beside of me on the other side of the tin. "Em?"

I reach for the tin and pull it back enough to look out. They don't notice me at first. Nik is standing with Jesse, both have on their band shirts that they let me help design. Jesse has his drum sticks in his left hand while his other is clenched into a fist. Nik looks worried. "She wouldn't have gone far."

"That fucking bitch! If I didn't think that they would take Emmie from us I would call the cops so quick." Jesse is muttering.

"But they will, Jess. And then she would be in a worse place than she already is. At least here we can take care of her." Nik tells the drummer.

It's the same conversation that they always have after every beating. If they called the cops, then social services would take me away. It isn't safe in foster care anymore than it is at my mother's. Maybe even worse. I'm seven and I understand what that means. Nik and the others have explained it to me more than once.

I tug the tin back a little more and start to crawl out. I'm stiff and hurting. There is mud caked into the cuts left by the switch and the slice on my hand from the underpinning. I'm swollen and bruised. And I can already feel the tickle in the back of my throat that says I'm going to have a sore throat. Suddenly, strong arms are pulling me out. As soon as my feet are clear I'm lifted into Nik's strong arms.

"Fuck!" Jesse exclaims.

"Shut up, Jess." Nik bites out as his arms tighten around me. I can see the wheels working in his mind. He is wondering where to take me, were to hide me. I hear laughing coming from my trailer-my mother must have one of her boyfriends over; and there is the sound of the television coming from his-if his mom sees me like this she will call the cops herself; neither is an option.

"My dad is gone." Jesse is already walking toward his trailer. "Come on, Nik!"

By the time they have me in Jesse's room I am shaking. I'm cold, so cold and hurting so badly. "We have to get her warm." Nik says. "Start running the hot water so I can give her a bath."

Jesse doesn't say anything as he leaves his room and I hear water turning on from the next room. Nik sets me on my feet and starts pulling off my still wet tee shirt. I don't protest as he tugs my leggings down along with my panties. He sucks in a deep breath when he sees the bruises, the deep gashes on my legs and arms; the ones on my back and across my stomach.

"I'm sorry, Emmie." He whispers. "I'm so sorry."

I don't say anything because I don't understand why he's sorry. He didn't hit me. This wasn't his fault. I might only be a little girl, but I know that he can't always protect me. He has a band, and today his band had played at a party for some kids from his school. I wish he could have taken me, but I know that a seven year old at a high school party isn't a good idea. Shane tried to explain it to me, and I'm almost positive I understand the reasons for that.

"Nik!" Jesse called from the bathroom. "I'm not sure if this is too hot or not. Come here and check it out."

Nik leads me by the hand into the bathroom and then bends to feel the temperature of the water. "This should be good." He lifts me and places me in the water.

I whimper when the water touches my gashes. It hurts, but the heat of the water feels good on my cold legs. Soon the shaking stops. Nik washes me, trying to be gentle as he cleans the wounds on my body. His jaw is clenched and I think there are tears in his eyes.

Later, after my hair is washed and smells good he lifts me from the water and wraps me in a towel. Jesse has a box of Band-Aids with little princesses on it that he knows I like. But there is also a tube of the stingy ointment in his other hand and I shake my head. "No. That hurts."

Nik is rubbing the towel over my wet body, still trying to be gentle. Some of the gashes are bleeding again and it hurts when the towel rubs across them. When he is done he takes the ointment from me and I move away. "No, Nik." I whimper. "I don't want that."

"I know, Emmie. I know it hurts. But you don't want them to get infected do you?" He is blinking a lot and I think he is trying not to cry. "If they get infected you will have to go to the doctor and get a shot."

That is the magic words. I hate shots! I hate doctors! So I sit on the small sink and let him put ointment all over me, trying not to whimper because it hurts. By the time he is done the tube is almost empty. Jesse helps him put the Band-Aids on. After each one they kiss the hurt, and say what they always say. "Get better."

Jesse puts one of his shirts on me. But it is so big that they have to tie a knot in it so that I don't trip over it when I walk. When I'm covered Nik lifts me and carries me back into Jesse's room. They put me into the little bed against the wall and tuck a blanket that smells like Jesse around me.

Shane and Drake come into the room. Shane has a bag from Wal-Mart and he pulls out a box of medicine. They give me a big dose of Tylenol and then feed me. Drake had stopped at McDonalds and got me a chicken nugget happy meal. My stomach growls and I realize I haven't had anything to eat since the day before.

My stomach hurts after the first bite. I sit and hold my tummy until the pain passes and then I gobble the rest of the nuggets and fries up. I don't drink the sprite that they got me until after I have eaten. It tastes good. Finally I reach for my toy, a little stuffed animal with crazy hair and a tee shirt. I hold it close to my chest as Nik brushes the tangles from my damp hair. It pulls, because it hasn't been brushed in a while, but I don't complain and he tries to be gentle.

As the brush works through my hair my eyes begin to grow heavy. Soon I am asleep...

Chapter 1

I open my eyes the instant the bus stops. Grimacing I push myself up from the sofa and glance outside. The tour bus is sitting in the parking lot of the hotel. Another bus loaded with all the crew and two eighteen wheelers pull in behind, with all of the stage and band equipment. I want a shower and a full night's sleep so bad, but I still have too many things to do.

Standing I walk to the back of the bus to wake the others. Drake is sprawled out on his stomach in the bottom bunk. He has a bottle of Jack Daniels in his hand, the bottle half empty. Above him Shane is snoring, his bass clutched to his chest. Against the other wall Jesse is talking in his sleep, muttering about some 'fucker'.

Sighing I shake his shoulder first. "Jess." I have to get in his ear and yell his name. They are all heavy sleepers, but Jess is always the heaviest. "Jess! Come on. Let's go sleep in a real bed."

Jesse yawns then blinks open his eyes. "Em?"

I grin down at him. "Who else?" I kiss his cheek and tug on his arm. "Get up. We're here."

When he sits up I move on to Shane. All I have to do is take the bass from him. He tightens his arms around it and sits up. "I'm awake." He grumbles.

"Drake." I take the bottle of Jack from his hand and put the cap back on. His back is bare and the Demon's Wings tattoo across his back flexes as I wake him up. "Ugh. You need a shower so bad." I nearly gage at the stench of liquor on his breath when he turns over and pulls me down across him. "Get up, you drunk."

He kisses my cheek before he releases me and I stand, moving toward the end of the bus. "You guys get dressed. After I wake Nik up I'll handle getting our rooms...Don't go back to sleep Jesse!" I call, knowing that he was planning on doing just that. "I have a bucket of ice water calling your name if you do."

He mutters curses after me, but I just grin.

The television was on. I turn it off and drop down on the sofa beside of Nik. He was in nothing but his boxers. I don't stop to ogle his hard chest and tight abdomen. I've done that plenty of times before. Instead I put my hand over his mouth and pinch his nose. It takes a few seconds before he jerks and pushes me away. "Bitch!" He grumbles, but helps me up off the floor where I landed.

Laughing I stand and reach for his Demon's Wings shirt. "Did you sleep well?"

"I only fell asleep a few hours ago." He takes the shirt I offer him and slips it over his head. "Got too much on my mind. Songs trying to get out, but locked in my brain."

"I had a dream." I confide.

He stiffens, knowing that my dreams are never pleasant. "You okay?" He asks, reaching for my hand and pulling me onto his lap. "Want to talk about it?"

Soothingly he combs his fingers through my hair. I close my eyes and bury my face in his neck. God he smelled so good! "Like always you guys were taking care of me. It was one of the times my mother took a switch to me."

Strong arms tighten around me. His fingers clenched in my hair pulls but I don't protest. "Hate that bitch." He mumbles. "Hope she's rotting in hell."

I couldn't agree more. My mother died of a drug overdose six years ago. To say I had been sorry would be a total overstatement. All I had felt when I had found her cold body when I came home from school that day was an overwhelming relief. I was fifteen, but I was free of the disease that was my mother.

"I need coffee." Nik stands with me still in his arms.

I squeeze him close for another second then wiggle free. "I'll make sure you get it." I call over my shoulder as I head toward the front of the bus.

"It isn't your job to get it!" He yells after me.

But it was. All my life Nik and the others have taken care of me. Even when they left me after getting signed ten years ago, they had still taken care of me. Sending me money, and presents. Making sure that someone checked on me every day. They had been touring, doing all the things that rockers do, but they had still called me every day. The cell they gave me was my life line to them. I was able to call, text, email, or anything else I wanted or needed so that I could talk to them every day.

Then when my mother had died they had come back, dropping everything as soon as I had called Nik. They took care of the funeral. Then when social services tried to take me away they stepped up and said that I was theirs. They took me away from all the darkness of that trailer in the run down trailer park that we had all grown up in. They bought me a laptop, arranged for me to have online classes so that I could complete my education from the back of a tour bus.

My guys were never going to leave me again.

And I owed them. For always taking care of me. Picking me up, putting me back together. Saving my sanity. Feeding me. Clothing me. Loving me. Not many people would do that. But Nik, Drake, Shane, and Jesse were different. They saw me when I was five, took me under their dark wings, protected me even though they were ten years older than me. These guys were my family and it was my turn to take care of them.

So I handled everything. They wanted coffee, I got them coffee. If Drake needed a new case of fifty year old scotch that was impossible to find then I made sure he got it. I took care of everything from hotel reservations to women...Yeah, I had become a pro at getting rid of whatever woman that had outlived her expiration date. Normally, that was by the next morning.

Two hours later, I had all four of the guys in their rooms. I spent extra time in Drake's room to make sure he took a shower and brushed his teeth. Got him into a pair of clean underwear and put him to bed. By the time I got to my own room, I was running on fumes. My own shower was quick and I was asleep before my head even hit the pillow.

"Em!"

Jesse pounding on my hotel room door roused me a few hours later. I glanced at the clock, saw that it was time to head to the Civic Center to get ready for tonight's concert and jumped out of bed. I opened the door for Jesse so he didn't knock the door down. He walked in as I was taking off my sleep shirt.

"You feeling okay, Em?" He asked, not even bothering to turn his head as I slipped on my bra and pulled a Demon's Wings shirt over my head. "You never oversleep."

In truth I had been feeling run down for a while now. But I wasn't going to tell him that. He would tell the others and they would gang up on me; force me to go to the doctor. I hated doctors! "Just had a rough night last night." I excuse. "Bad dreams."

I pulled on fresh panties and then slipped into a pair of skinny jeans. Knee high boots with three inch heels and I was done. I pulled my messy hair into a ponytail, didn't bother with makeup and turned to find him still frowning at me. "I'm fine, Jess." I hug him tight then stand on tip toe to kiss his cheek. "Relax." I raised a hand and rubbed it over his bald head. He liked to keep it smooth. It was sexy as hell and everyone wanted to rub his head. He only liked it when I did it though.

"I think we need a vacation." He muttered as he followed me out of the room. "Maybe we should go home for a while."

I shot him a look over my shoulder as I pushed the button to summon the elevator. "And where exactly is home? We've been living on a bus for six years now."

"Nik was talking about buying a house. But we can't decide on where we want to settle down. Drake suggested California, Shane wants Boston." He shrugged as he stepped into the elevator with me. "What do you think?"

Honestly I didn't know what to think. I would follow them anywhere; as long as we were all together I could care less. But I hadn't expected them to be ready to settle down yet, even if we were all getting tired of all the moving around. "I've never thought about it." I tell him.

"Well you need to. We want to know where you want to live. You know that where you go, we follow."

His words warmed my heart and I hugged him close. He dropped a kiss on top of my head and we stepped off the elevator on the ground floor. Nik, Drake, and Shane were already waiting on us. They each gave me concerned looks, but I just walked by them to the waiting limo outside.

Chapter 2

Setting up and doing a sound check were things that I couldn't help with. So instead I dealt with the backstage stuff. I made sure that the dinner buffet was set out so that my guys could eat before they went on later tonight. Then I went through my list of things to do to get ready for the group of backstage pass fans.

Most of them were female, all hoping to get into at least one member of Demon's Wings bed. I hated each and every one of them, but simply gave them all cool disdainful looks instead. They hated me too, because everyone who was a fan of Demon's Wings knew that I was the only female that would ever matter to any of the band members.

I made sure that the backstage fans stayed in their designated area with security watching them like hawks-never know when one wanted to sneak into the dressing room for a quickie, or worse to get famous for killing a famous rocker-while I made sure that my guys were taken care of. I was relieved to find them all eating in their dressing room. Even Drake, but he made me shake my head when I saw that instead of a soda or even water he was drinking his signature bottle of Jack Daniels.

I took the bottle from him, put a bottle of cold water in his hands and turned to see if anyone else needed anything. When they were done eating I tossed their plates in the trash and made sure that they had either water or Gatorade in their hands. They needed to hydrate because a concert always took it out of them. Especially Nik who would be running around the stage singing.

I glance from one to the other, taking in the sheer male beauty of each of them. Drake and Shane with their over long dark hair and big blue gray eyes. The brothers were dreamy with their strong facial features and bodies that were both leanly muscular and covered in tattoos. Jesse with his bald head and those big brown eyes that changed with his emotions. He was huge, muscles bulging from every direction and making some wonder how he was able to handle the drums so smoothly because of his bulk.

For just a second longer I let my eyes linger on Nik. With his voice that fucked a woman from the inside out and those ice blue eyes half hidden behind a curtain of thick, sooty eyelashes there wasn't many females that would ever be able to say that Nikolas Armstrong didn't affect their libido even marginally. Leanly muscular with a face that made the gods weep the day he was born, and just as tall as his band brothers he had the entire fan following for Demon's Wings either in love, lust, or envy of him.

"So, which is it tonight? Blond, brunette, or redhead?" I asked with a raised brow and just a hint of a smile on my lips.

Shane grinned up at me from the sofa he was sprawled out on. "I'll take one of each."

I rolled my eyes at him. Of the four of them Shane was the biggest man whore. One of each flavor for him was mild. "Well there are plenty to choose from. More blonds than anything, like always. Please be safe." I shot Drake a meaningful look. "Are you prepared?"

"Emmie!" There was an actual blush in his cheeks. I just kept my eyes on him and raised a brow. Finally he looked away. "I got condoms." He muttered.

The others just snickered. I ignored them as I turned for the door. "You have an interview at nine in the morning. I've arranged for us to have the conference room back at the hotel. So please, have your hoes out of your rooms before I knock on your doors." I knew that I had to give them this lecture now because after the concert I didn't imagine I would see them again until morning. "Drake, don't make me shower you in the morning. Get the smell of slut and booze off early."

"Jesus, Emmie!" He called after me. "Why are you picking on me today?"

I stopped at the door and turned to glare at him. "Just do it, Drake."

He muttered something under his breath and I felt a little bad about treating him so meanly. But he was a grown ass man and more often than not I was bathing him because he was either too drunk or too hung over to do it himself.

The concert was almost over when I felt my phone vibrate. I pulled it out of my back pocket and saw that it was Demon's Wings manager. The guy loved me because I took care of all the things that he should have been taking care of. Meanwhile he was at home sleeping in his nice big bed, and I was here busting my ass for my guys. "What do you want?" I snapped as I put the phone to my ear, walking away from the stage so that I could hear him over the band.

Rich Branson chuckled, making me want to slap his handsome face. "Who peed in your cheerio's?"

"I'm in a piss-y mood." I inform him, not sure why I am being such a bitch this evening. But he should be used to my attitude. Hate that guy! "What do you want?"

"The usual. World domination. Billions of dollars. And a band that makes me look good...I have several of that last one." I rolled my eyes. Demon's Wings was the hottest band he managed. They more than made him look good. They made people think he was a genius for 'discovering' them. "Nik said he wanted to take the summer off. I'm just letting you know that I pushed the OtherWorld/Demon's Wings tour back to September."

That surprised me. Nik hadn't mentioned anything about taking the summer off. Why wouldn't he have told me? I shot a glare behind me, wishing I could demand some answers from Nik now. But that would have to wait. Since the summer tour was being pushed back we only had a few more weeks left of touring the Gulf Coast.

"Okay." I told Rich. "Send me the new itinerary. I'll make sure that everything gets taken care of."

"I know you will. That's why I love you so much, princess. You make my life so easy."

I gritted my teeth. "Don't call me princess." I practically yelled at him and end the call. I so did not like that prick. And I loathed being called princess. The fucker knew that, but still made sure to call me that at ever available opportunity.

Nik's voice out on stage snapped me out of my hatred for Rich and I turned my attention back to my guys. Nik's voice was driving the female population crazy. The mixture of husk mixed with gravel and seduction was a caress to that dark place between a woman's legs. I was nowhere near immune to it and found myself letting my desire for him show as I stood there watching the band preform.

When one of the sound techs bumped into me on accident I quickly snapped out of my desire haze and got busy. I couldn't let anyone see how Nik affected me. I knew that he didn't feel the same way. To him and the rest of the guys I was like their little sister. They would lay down their lives for me, just as I would for them...

And when it came to Nik I was just the little girl that he has spent the last seventeen years of his life taking care of. I was ignoring my feelings because I knew that I wasn't what he wanted. His happiness was more important than my own.

Lips trembling I made sure not to listen to him singing anymore that night.

Chapter 3

I have never been a fan of vomit. I've cleaned up more than my share over the years. My mother's mostly, in recent years it's been the guys-Drake's usually. But my own? I've only had to do that a few times in my life time.

This morning was one of those times.

I know that I'm not going to make it as soon as I turn over in bed. My stomach gives me a two second warning before I'm attempting to jump out of bed. I make it to the end of the mattress before I purge all of the meager meal I forced down the day before. The smell is worse than the sight of it.

As soon as I have a small hold on my gag reflex I rush to the toilet so that I can finish. My hair gets in my way and I get puke in it before I can push it out of my face. The smell makes me gag and I vomit until I am left dry heaving. Tears stream down my face, my brow is sweaty, and my stomach is still rolling.

I pray to every god I know of and beg for mercy. None comes. Instead I have to force myself to stand on my unsteady legs and I hold my mouth under the faucet until I have the taste of bile mostly out of my mouth. I want a shower, but first I have to clean up the mess in the bedroom before I can do that.

When I finally climb from the shower I feel somewhat better. But I'm running behind so I have to leave my hair wet and rush to pull on clothes before waking the guys.

I'm not surprised to find that Shane is still covered in girls when I open his hotel room door. The heavy smell of sex in the room makes my stomach protest, but I swallow the rising bile and drag him out from under the three girls. My hand fists in his hair and I yank until he is on his feet. "Get the fuck in the shower!" I command, not in the mood to have to deal with sluts after the morning I have already had. "I give your fucking brother a lecture about this shit, but it's you I have to handle this morning."

"Emmie!" He protests when I push him into the walk-in shower and turn the cold water on full blast. "Fuck!"

"Down stairs in ten minutes." I bark at him before slamming the bathroom door behind me. The sluts on the bed are rousing and I shoot them disgusted glares. "Get your shit and get out. You have two minutes before security tosses you out, dressed or naked. I don't give a fuck."

Jesse is still asleep when I walk into his room. The smell of sex still lingers in the room but he is alone in his bed. I don't even try to rouse him gently. I just fill a glass with water and dump it on his head. "I'm up. I'm up." He gasps.

"Good." I snap and leave him to get ready.

I'm surprised to find that Nik is already up. When I put my key card in his door it opens. He's already dressed. His thick hair is styled and everything. Like always the sight of him makes me ache in places that I shouldn't be aching. He gives me a concerned frown. "Emmie? Feeling okay, baby girl?"

The rushing around has made me dizzy and my stomach is still protesting. But I'm not in the mood to argue with him. If he knows that I'm sick he will insist on my going to a doctor. Not going to happen! "Thanks for being up." I muttered.

"Em..." He trails off when I turn to leave.

I ignore him as I step into the elevator and go one floor up. Drake's room stinks of sweat, booze and sex. But thankfully the girl-or possibly even girls considering the number of condom wrappers on the floor beside the bed-are gone. He's already somewhat awake when I walk in. Of course that's because he's head is in in the toilet. The sound of him puking makes my own gag reflex overreact and I dry heave in the sink. Green bile is all that I can produce and I turn the tap on so that I can swallow a few mouthfuls. At least now I have something to come up.

Drake's sweaty hand touches my back. "Em?" His voice croaks my name and I glance down at him, wiping sweat off my upper lip. "You okay?"

I give him a weak smile. "Guess we both had a rough morning." I mumble.

He groans as he gets to his feet. He's butt naked but neither of us care. I've seen every inch of my guys. None of us are shy about our body parts. No one bats an eye when we see each other naked...Okay maybe I bat an eye or two when I see Nik naked, but I would never let them know. "You never get sick."

I shrug. "I'm fine. Nothing to worry about. Take a shower, okay?" He nods and I turned to leave. "Brush your teeth." I remind him.

Ten minutes later they are all seated on the long sofa in the conference room. A buffet of breakfast foods has already been set out. I try to breathe through my mouth to keep from being too overcome with the smells. Normally I would make them a plate of food and cups of coffee, but this morning I don't think I could deal with that and not throw up. Thankfully none of them seem to care that I'm not taking care of their needs.

The reporter from Rock America magazine is already asking them questions. Skinny with thick glasses and a nasal voice that grated down my spine with each word he that came out of his twisted mouth, I wonder how this guy became such a talked about journalist in the rock community. Probably had a daddy that was a big deal. I wasn't sure and could have cared less. The man wants to know what everyone else who is a fan of Demon's Wings wants to know. How did they meet? What is the significance of the band's name? What are their plans for the summer? When is there going to be a new album?

Like they have always done they don't answer the man's first two questions-no one knows where they came from or what their lives were like before they got famous; mostly as a form of protecting me because of my mother's unpleasant lifestyle even if their own childhood hadn't been so happy. But they go into detail about the summer and the new material that Nik has been working on for their next album. An hour later the guy stands to leave. After shaking everyone's hand he turns to me. "So how do you like working for Demon's Wings?"

"Emmie isn't the hired help." Jesse informs the guy, which we all know that he already knew. "Your interview is over." The warning is plain and clear in the drummer's voice and the reporter makes his escape. Jesse can be a hot head, easy to anger at times and quick to throw a punch. I have had to bail his ass out of jail a few times for fighting.

I wait a few moments to make sure that the guy is gone before I turn to face them. "I want to say I'm sorry for being a bitch yesterday and this morning." I tell them, remorsefully. I don't often act like a bitch to my guys. Honestly I can be queen bitch when I have to be, but not to them.

"Sit down, Em." Jesse commands me. When I just stand there, he grasps my hand and pulls me down on the sofa between him and Nik. "We need to talk."

I bite my lip, scared that they are going to make me go to the doctor. Or yell at me. Of the two I think I would rather they yell, but either one would make me cry. Nik wraps his arm around my shoulder, his fingers playing with the ends of my still damp hair. It's soothing and just being this close to him makes me feel safe and loved. "Emmie, we can see that you are getting burnt out. It's okay. We all are. That's why we are going to take the summer off."

"I already knew that you planned on taking the summer off." I rolled my eyes at him. "Rich called me last night." I tell him when he seems confused. "We are touring with Axton and OtherWorld starting in September."

"Fucking Rich." Jesse grumbled. "We wanted to surprise you."

"Anyway...We were thinking of renting a house somewhere. But we thought that you would like to pick where." Nik smiled down at me, that smile that always makes my heart ache for things I know I can never have. "Anywhere in the world that you want, Em. Pick a place, find us a house and that's where we will spend our summer."

My chin trembled. I was relieved that they weren't yelling, that Drake hadn't ratted me out to the others and they weren't all insisting I see a doctor. So why was I suddenly sobbing?

Chapter 4

One more concert and then it was back on the road.

Do you know how hard it is to hide throwing up when you are on a tour bus? It's near impossible. But somehow I do it. For the next three weeks I keep it from them. With the wakeup calls I get every morning where I have to rush to the onboard bathroom, I have never been so happy that the guys could sleep so soundly in my life.

After retching every morning I'm usually able to make it through the rest of the day without a repeat performance. Still my stomach rolls all day long and I'm losing weight because I can't force myself to eat. That is something that they all pick up on, even Drake in his almost constant drunken state. They start watching me closer and I know that they are about to gang up on me.

And really I'm more worried about finding out what is wrong with me than an actually trip to the doctor right now. But I'm putting it off as long as possible.

I find us a house online. It's perfect. Private beach, no one for miles that could possible bother us. And if the guys get restless they only have to drive forty-five minutes to find a club or bar. The price for the house for the entire summer makes my stomach clench. Even after all these years and the life style we lead I feel sick having to spend so much money. But it wouldn't even put a tiny dent in all of our wallets now.

Even my own wallet. Rich pays me well for taking care of my guys, something I would have done for free. But Nik and Jesse made him put me on his payroll when I was eighteen. I haven't had any need to touch the money that I earned. If there was something the guys thought I wanted they just bought it for me. If I needed something they pushed their credit cards into my hands and made sure I used them.

By the time all the details were taken care of there were only a few days left until the end of the tour. One more stop, two more concerts, and then we were going to be on a plane. I was excited. We have never had a whole summer off. I would get to sleep in for three months! That thought alone made me sigh.

"I think you should see a doctor."

My head snapped up at the sound of Nik's voice. He and Jesse have been sitting at the back of the bus with me watching TV for the last hour. I was feeling better after my morning of vomit filled fun. "No."

He was sitting right beside of me so I didn't have time to move when he grabbed me and pulled me onto his lap. "Yes, Emmie. You are nothing but bones now. You aren't eating. And I heard you this morning in the bathroom. You sleep all the time, and you keep having bitchy mood swings. Something is wrong."

"I don't want to go to the doctor." Okay, maybe I did. I was scared that there was something seriously wrong with me, like an ulcer or something. I've never been this sick in my life. It takes all I have to keep water down these days. But I was still terrified of doctors.

"We'll go with you, Em." Jesse promised, twirling a drum stick around his fingers expertly. "We won't let them hurt you."

I took a harder look at him. He was really worried about me. I could see it in the way he was looking back at me that he was a little scared too. I couldn't handle that. So I gave in. "Okay." I whispered. "I'll find a doctor when we get to the beach house."

They both seemed to relax a little. "Whatever it is, we'll get through it." That's when I realized that Jesse thought that something bad was wrong with me. I pushed off of Nik and climbed onto the drummer's lap. His arms clenched around me and I let him hold me. No one said a word as we drove through the night, my closeness seeming to soothe something in the big man.

--

I woke with a warm body wrapped around me. It wasn't unusual for me to sleep in the same bed with one of the guys. When you live on a bus you sleep where you can. I knew who it was by the breath on the back of my neck. Jesse was a mouth breather. Yawning I moved until I was sitting up. He didn't even move. His arms fell back on the sofa beside of him and I stood, trying to stretch some of the kinks from my tired muscles.

When I glanced down at my friend my heart melted a little. He, like the rest of my guys, loved me more than anything in the world. And I loved him just as much. Smiling I picked up a throw from the chair against the opposite wall and draped it over him before bending to brush a kiss over his brow.

The bus was still moving and I knew I should get some more sleep. There wouldn't be time for a nap once we got into Galveston. It will be nothing but rushing from the moment we stopped. My stomach was thankfully cooperating with me and I didn't have to fight with the urge to vomit. So I walked through the sleeping quarters, where the two sets of bunk beds were pressed against opposite walls.

Shane was muttering in his sleep, his favorite Gibson clutched in his arms like a child with a stuffed animal. On the bottom bunk his brother was out of it. I checked to make sure that he didn't have an open bottle of liquor and then pulled the covers up over Drake's bare back. I worried about Drake the most. No one ever talked about his reasons for needing to drink away the past. We all knew what his demons were. And we all knew that until he was ready there was nothing we could do but watch over him. The two times that we had talked him into rehab hadn't ended well.

I found Nik asleep in my usual place at the front of the bus. He was laying on his stomach with my pillow hugged tight and my favorite blanket over his waist. Why was he sleeping up here? He hated the front of the bus because the windows weren't as tinted and let in too much light during the day. But there he was, drooling all over my pillow and hogging my couch.

With a sigh I pushed at his shoulders, making him turn over so that I could climb in beside of him. He didn't even protest as I snuggled close to his naked chest and pillowed my head on his chest. I inhaled his clean, completely unique Nik smell and closed my eyes. This was as close to paradise as I would ever get.

Soft warm lips brushed across my forehead and his strong arms wrapped around me pulling me closer against his chest. "You don't know how happy you just made me." He mumbled.

But I was already half asleep, safe in the arms of the man who owned me body and soul.

Chapter 5

Tonight is the last concert. I'm anxious to get it over with. I feel like death warmed over, and today I have been the biggest bitch with mood swings that boarder on bi-polar. After looking all my symptoms up on line I was sure that I had a brain tumor. That has only added to my already raging anxiety.

My guys are all out on stage with lights bouncing and flashing along to the beat of the music. The crowd is still going crazy. At the opening of the concert Nik had promised them all one of the new songs that he was working on. One that he swore was going to be on their next album. It had surprised the hell out me and the rest of the guys that was for sure. I was sure that if Rich was here he would have had a coronary...But I was okay with that happening.

I stood just out of sight on the stage, torturing myself by watching girls throw their panties and bras at Nik. He was handling it all like he usually does, with a grin and seductive looks at the audience. I just wanted this night to be over!

Someone bumped their shoulder against mine and I turned to glare at the person, ready to bite their head off and spite down their throat. Then I saw who it was I rolled my eyes. "Hey. What the hell are you doing here?"

Axton Cage shrugged his lean shoulders. He had a new tattoo I noticed, on the inside of his left wrist. I nearly gagged when I saw what it said.Brie. "So you two are official?" I nodded my head at his wrist and he shrugged.

"Still working on it." He informed me. He knew that I wasn't the biggest fan of Gabriella Moreitti. Hated the bitch really. Little miss goody-goody. She disliked me just as much. Shane said it was because we were too much alike. I thought it was because the hoe had slept with Nik when we were touring in Australia and then took pleasure in telling me about it. Of course that had been more than a year ago and she was now with Axton. At least they were on and off again.

"I was in the area." Axton finally answered my originally question. "Actually I was bored as hell in California and thought I would see what kind of trouble I could get into with your dumb ass friends."

"By all means, get into all the trouble your little heart desires. But we have a plane to catch first thing in the morning. Make me late for my vacation and they will be scraping your entrails from the sidewalk."

His arm wrapped around my waist and I leaned into him. "Ah, come on beautiful. You know you want to cause some trouble with me." He rubbed his nose with mine making me giggle. "You love me. Admit it."

I snorted. "I hate you." But I had to admit that even with my feelings for Nik, Axton Cage could make me breathless. So I let him kiss me. He tasted of mint and a hint of coffee. My lips tingled and I opened my mouth just a little to let him taste me. I couldn't honestly say that I was unaffected, but I wasn't rushing to get him naked. When he stepped back a little I sighed. "Okay, so I'm not immune." But then I doubted that any woman with a working libido was.

He chuckled and released me. "Touring with you is going to be so much fun."

I grimaced. "Is the bitch troll coming?"

"It is a big possibility. Depends on how things are going with her family though. Alexis is having a hard time right now."

My heart clenched a little at the thought of Gabriella's cousin Alexis. The woman had been through a lot over the past year or so. She had been in a car wreck that had nearly destroyed her. But she was tough. She had fought to walk again. Then gone through a huge ordeal with her boyfriend, which the tabloids had gone crazy over because of Jared Giordano and his past relationship with his brother's wife. "How is she?" I asked, because while I hated Gabriella, I had connected with Alexis the few times I had met her.

"She's pregnant."

To say I was shocked would have been an understatement. After the accident doctors had told Alexis that she would never have a baby. "How is that even possible?"

Axton shrugged. "I'm not really sure. But Brie said that they did an ultrasound and it seems like they only took out part of her uterus. You can imagine how happy and stressed the girl is. Her doctors have her on bed rest because she started bleeding a little last week. Brie doesn't want to leave her."

"Well give her my best. I'm really happy for her." Out on stage the crowd was quieting down and I turned to find Nik sitting on a stool. Drake pulled up one too and pulled out his acoustic guitar.

"Okay. Like promised this is the song I have been slaving over for the last few weeks. Hope you guys like it." Was it me or did he seem a little nervous? That was crazy though. Nik had been singing his own songs since Demon's Wings second album when he had written every song and it went platinum in less than a week. The record company had given him carte blanche ever since. There was no reason for him to be nervous about his songs.

Demon's Wings were not known for love songs. That wasn't to say that some of their hits wasn't about love, but normally those songs were more about sex than real love. So you can understand how surprised I was when Nik started singing.

I thought my heart was going to shatter. Nik wrote from experience. There was a lot of his childhood in his songs. His, the guys, mine. His music has always been close to us all. The dark, the pain, the drugs, and even the beatings. But when Nik sang about how his heart had been cold for so long, but now there was an ember burning there catching fire, bringing him back to life I thought I was going to die.

Nik was in love? I don't think I could handle that. No. No, I know that I can't handle that. He can screw around all he wants. He can have all the one-night stands, the meaningless sexy with random strangers. I was able to deal with that...Okay, so I was hanging on by my finger nails trying to deal with that.

But if Nik was in love it would destroy me. I couldn't handle him with some skank all the time. And knowing that his heart belonged to that skank?

I swayed. Axton's arms came around me, steading me. "Easy there, babe."

The bile was rising in the back of my throat. Turning I ran. I knew I wasn't going to make it to a bathroom, so I desperately looked for a trashcan. Thankfully one was close or I would have had to clean up after myself again. I emptied my stomach, not that there was much in there anyway. Thankfully my hair was pulled into a ponytail.

A warm hand rubbed my back soothingly. Tears streamed down my cheeks. Up until now I had thought that I was dying. Now...Now I hoped I would!

"Jesus Christ!" Axton muttered. "You okay, babe?"

"I just want to lay down." I whispered. "I haven't been feeling well lately."

"Come on." He urged. "I'll take you back to your hotel."

--

The world was spinning. As soon as the car pulled up in front of the hotel where we were staying I knew I was in trouble. Big trouble. I threw open the door and retched until I thought my stomach was going to come out my mouth. My body was soaked in sweat and I don't know if I could walk without falling on my face.

Axton muttered a string of vile curses and barked something at the doorman who was holding the door open for me. It took me a second to register that the poor guy was pushing me back into Axton's rental and shutting the door. I barely had the energy to open my eyes as I watched the rocker punch in something on the GPS and then he was hauling ass.

The tires screeched as he pulled into traffic. Horns honked angrily behind us, but I didn't look back. At the speed we were going I was sure that he was going to get pulled over, but he just hit the hazard lights and pushed down on the horn as he weaved in and out of traffic. "Hold on, Em." He muttered.

I couldn't answer. The world was blurry now. By the time he slammed to a stop in front of the ER I could barely function. I felt him lift me out of the car, knew that he was practically running with me in his arms. I felt his chest rumbled when he shouted, but couldn't focus enough to make out what he was saying.

The coolness of a bed against my back roused me enough to open my eyes for just a moment. I saw bright lights, the smell of antiseptic. "Severe dehydration." A male voice said. "How long has she been throwing up?"

"No idea." Axton sounded stressed.

"Wait here." The voice commanded. I felt myself floating, assumed it was the medical team pushing the bed away. A needle was stabbed into my arm, but I didn't have the energy to so much as whimper. "Emmie?" The voice said my name in a commanding tone. "We're giving you fluids."

There was another needle in my arm. "Just taking some blood, dear." A female voice this time. It was gentle and kind. I have never had another female speak so nicely to me. I was sure that if I had the spare water I would have cried.

The man with the commanding voice had his hand on my wrist. He held it there for several long minutes. By that time the fluids that they were pumping into me were starting to revive me. Slowly I blinked open my eyes. "I hate doctors." I whispered.

The doctor, a disturbingly good looking man with short dark hair and big chocolate eyes grinned down at me. "That's too bad. I'm actually a decent sort of guy."

Despite how incredibly horrible I felt a smile teased at my lips. "I'll take your word on that."

The doctor released my arm. "You are a very sick young woman. How long have you been throwing up?"

My mind was still foggy, but I tried to determine how long it had been. "A month, I think."

The doctor's eyes widen. "Have you seen a doctor before now?" I shook my head and saw him shake his exceptionally cute head in exasperation. "No wonder you were so dehydrated. Have you been able to eat at all?"

"Not really."

"What about fluids? Water, Gatorade?" Again with the shake of my head. He sighed. "You really do hate doctors, huh? If you have been this sick and refused to seek help. It's a good thing your boyfriend brought you in when he did. Any longer and you could have died from dehydration."

"Boyfriend?" Who the hell was my boyfriend? Was this doctor crazy? If my guys even thought I had a boyfriend they would go apeshit. A man had to have more balls than brains if he thought that any member of Demon's Wings would let him near me. Sometimes you would think I was sixteen and not twenty-one when it came to how they acted when a guy looked twice at me.

"The scary guy with the tattoos." He nodded over his head and I saw Axton standing by the door, trying to peek in. He had his phone to his ear and was frowning.

Another smile teased my mouth. "Ax isn't my boyfriend. My guys would so break his legs if they even thought he was."

"Your guys?" The doctor cocked a brow at that.

"Never mind." I muttered. It was hard to explain my guys and I didn't have the energy to even try. My eyes were feeling heavy. "Hurry up and make me better so that I can get back to the hotel. I want to go to sleep."

"You aren't going anywhere until at least tomorrow, Em. We have to run some tests, get lots more fluids in you and maybe-that's a big maybe-you will get to go home in the morning. Until then let me get your blood work back and find you a room."

My head snapped up. "But I have a plane to catch to Florida in the morning. I'm going on vacation."

Again with that damned raised brow. "By the looks of it you are long overdue for a vacation, sweetheart. Now relax. You're heart monitor is going crazy." That's when I felt the sticky pads stuck to my chest and noticed the constant beep, beep, beeping in the background.

Axton came into the room. "I can't get anyone to answer their damn phones." He growled. "That damn concert should already be over."

I let out a humorless laugh. "You're a rock star Axton. What is the first thing you want to do when you get off the stage, high on your own ego?" The expression on his face told me what that answer was. "Don't worry about it. They will go back to the hotel and have a hell of a night. When they wake up at noon and wonder why I haven't come to drag their asses out of bed they will come looking for me."

His eyes darkened with anger. "So you are just an afterthought?"

I shrugged my shoulders. "After a concert, normally." It didn't bother me...Much. But I wasn't going to complain. I knew that they loved me. I glanced at the doctor. "How about checking on those tests?"

The doctor glanced at Axton. "Is she always this bossy?"

He snorted. "If you knew the guys she has to take care of on a daily basis you would understand that you are getting the nice version of bossy."

Chapter 6

The doctor was taking his time!

With the continued fluids rushing into my system I was starting to feel better than I had in a long time. But my stomach was still rolling. I wanted to know what was taking the doctor so long, and worried that it was something beyond my wildest imaginations that was wrong with me.

Axton was still trying to call the guys. But so far hadn't been able to reach any of them. A nurse had told him he had to go outside to use his cellphone, and I haven't seen him in more than ten minutes. My butt was going numb from sitting for a solid hour without moving and even though I desperately wanted a nap, I couldn't bring myself to relax enough to do so.

The door to my exam room opened and in walked the doctor. There was a tech behind him pushing a huge machine and I wondered what the hell they were going to do to me. Seeing the fear in my eyes the doctor was quick to explain. "It's okay. This is just something to do an ultrasound with."

"Why do I need an ultrasound? Isn't that for pregnant women?"

The doctor nodded. "Mostly, yes. But it is used for other things. However, after getting back your blood results we have found the reason for your sickness and need to do a little exploring."

My blood seemed to freeze in my veins. He knew what was wrong with me. I was terrified of the answer but needed to know. "So what is the matter? What's wrong with me?"

He shrugged. "Nothing that won't clear itself up in due course." He smiled. "It seems that you are pregnant."

I was sure that I was hallucinating. He couldn't have just said that I was pregnant. No. No. NO! I shook my head frantically. "That can't be it. Check again. The tests are wrong."

The doctor frowned at my reaction but spoke in a soothing voice. "Let's do an ultrasound. That way we can determine if the blood work was wrong. And if it wasn't we can give you a due date."

The heart monitor attached to my chest was going berserk. My heart was racing with my fear, dread, anxiety. It had to be wrong. It just had to be. Please, let it be wrong. Because if it wasn't wrong my life with the guys will be destroyed. They will never trust me again. "Okay." It came out wobbly, and I couldn't do anything about it.

The tech came up to the right side of the bed and smiled down at me while the doctor dimmed the lights. "When was your last period dear?" She asked softly. She was pretty, probably in her late thirties. There was a huge rock on her ring finger and a slight bump under her scrubs telling me that she was pregnant herself.

I tried to remember when my last period was. I wasn't the most regular of women. And I haven't really cared about tracking it. My life was so busy that when it showed up I just shrugged and went on with my life. If it didn't it wasn't a big deal. Finally I gave up. "I have never been regular." I told her honestly. "I can't remember when I last had one."

She nodded. "That's okay." She was typing something into the big machine and then she pulled up my shirt and tugged my jeans and panties down slightly. The gel she but on my belly was surprisingly warm. Then she was pressing a wand into my lower abdomen and I was grimacing in pain. I felt bloated and uncomfortable as she moved the wand around.

I watched her closely, switching my gaze from what she was doing to my body to what she was doing on the screen. The doctor was watching over her shoulder, nodding. "Okay." The tech said with a small smile. "We can see a heartbeat. Arms, legs. Spine looks good." She twisted a nob and the sound of galloping filled the room. "Strong heartbeat...What do you think doctor?"

"Looks like she is right at eighteen weeks...Can you tell the sex?"

I tuned them out for a moment. My gaze entrapped on the screen. The outline of a tiny being stared back at me. A waving hand, a kicking foot. My breath caught in my chest and I couldn't breathe. Somewhere deep inside of my chest my heart melted and I fell head over heels in love with the creature on the screen.

"Well..." The doctor and the tech chuckled.

My head snapped in their direction. "What?" I whispered.

"Your baby wants to make sure that you know just what it is." The doctor touched the screen and I saw that the two legs were spread apart. "Congratulations. You are having a girl."

Tears burnt my eyes and I blinked rapidly to keep them at bay. "A girl." I breathed.

The tech took a few more pictures, then printed off one and handed it to me. "For your baby book. Baby's first picture." She smiled and left the room without the machine.

"Well you are very much pregnant, Em." The doctor, who I was sure had told me his name but I had been to out of it to remember, gave me a questioning look. "Eighteen weeks and three days by the measurements. That puts your due date on November sixth." He scribbled something on the iPad he had in his hands.

"Is she okay?" I couldn't help but think of how sick I had been over the last month. "Did I hurt her?"

He was quick to reassure me. "No. The amniotic fluid is perfect, so your dehydration didn't affect the baby. It's probably why you were so sick though. Everything you were able to take in was going straight to her. Her heart rate is good; she's moving around...You don't feel it?"

My hand touched my lower stomach. There really was a little being inside of me. A tear escaped and trailed down my cheek. "No." I whispered. "Is that normal?"

The doctor shrugged. "Every woman is different. Some don't feel the baby until well into the fifth month. Second time mothers feel it sooner. You seem on schedule...So how are you feeling emotionally about the baby. Your reaction when I told you about the blood work wasn't exactly..."

I shook my head. "I was scared. Am still so terrified I don't know if this is a nightmare or not. But seeing her..." I clutched the ultrasound photo to my chest. "That changed everything."

"It normally does." He pulled a chair over and sat beside me. "Okay. So we have established that this is a shock, but now that you have seen her you are...Happy?"

I snorted. "I'm not thrilled about this, doctor. But..." I sucked in a deep breath. "But I'm not unhappy about it. If that makes sense."

"Perfect sense." He was punching something into the iPad. "Why was this such a surprise, Em? You don't have a boyfriend?"

"This was a surprise because I have had sex a total of once in my life." I told him honestly. "And the guy...He doesn't even remember it happened. When I tell him that I'm pregnant." I closed my eyes. "He is going to go crazy."

"Is he still a part of your life?"

"He's part of my everything." I glared at the opposite wall. "I don't know what I'm going to do."

The doctor opened his mouth to say something, I have no clue what it was because suddenly the door to the exam room was shoved open and in stormed all four of my guys. Before I could even register that news Jesse was beside of me and Drake was pushing the doctor out of his way to get to me.

"Emmie." Jesse was running his hands over my hair, taking in my IV and heart monitor. He was pale, shaking, and there were tears in his big brown eyes. "Are you okay? Tell me you're okay, Em."

"We came as soon as we heard." Drake was clutching my hand. "I'm sorry we didn't get here sooner."

"What's wrong with her?" Nik was standing at the foot of the bed, his attention on the doctor who was staring at the four of them with his mouth gaping open. "Is she going to be alright?"

The doctor finally dropped his gaze back on her and raised a brow in inquiry. I shook my head, not ready to tell any of them what was wrong with me, let alone that one of them was about to be called daddy. The man cleared his throat. "She came in severely dehydrated. We aren't sure exactly what is going on, but will be keeping her overnight for observation."

Jesse turned his gaze on the doctor and I felt sorry for him. Jesse, with his bald head, tattoos and bulky frame was intimidating. "You don't know what is wrong with her?" The doctor shook his head. "Then get off your ass and do some fucking tests."

"Jesse." I captured his hand and linked our fingers together. "Calm down. The doctor is doing all he can. And I'm already feeling much better."

The fire in his eyes dimmed when he turned back to me. "I just want to know what's wrong." He told me in a softer tone than what he had used with the doctor.

"We're getting her a bed now and she will be moved soon. I suggest that you gentlemen go get some rest and you can see this young lady first thing in the morning. Right now she needs some rest."

Four pairs of eyes turned to glare at the poor doctor. "We aren't leaving." They all said in unison. "Emmie is ours. We're staying with her." Shane informed him.

The doctor left, annoyed and muttering under his breath. But I felt cherished. Especially when Drake and Jesse gently squeezed me between the two of them in a hug. "I was so scared." Jesse whispered against my hair. "Jesus Em! You should have seen a doctor before now."

I clutched him tighter. "It's nothing. I'm fine now."

"It isn't nothing!"

My head shot up at the vehemence in Nik's tone. He was normally the calm one. The one that kept his cool when the other three were ready to tear things apart. But as I watched he shoved the doctor's chair so hard it slid the length of the room and crashed to its side when it hit the wall. His fingers raked through his thick sandy brown hair and pulled on the ends like a demented person. "Axton said you were unconscious when he first got you here! Unconscious Emmie! Do you not understand how serious this fucking is? Has it slipped your attention that people die from dehydration?!" He turned away from us and actually punched the wall.

My heart shattered a little at how upset he was. For several minutes we were all quiet, while Nik leaned against the wall he had just punched, breathing hard. Drake tried to keep me calm, soothingly running his fingers through the ends of my hair, rubbing my back. Jesse just stood there, holding my hand. Shane paced, his usual go to when he was stressed.

"Nik..." I whispered his name, unable to handle the distance between us now. I couldn't go to him, the IV and heart monitor had me trapped in the bed. But I needed him to hold me more than anyone else.

He blew out a long drawn out sigh and turned to face me. His hands scrubbed across his cheeks, telling me that he had been crying. That's when I saw the blood on his knuckles. They were scrapped. "Nik." I pulled away from Jesse and Drake and held my arms out for him, silently begging him to come to me.

Drake moved out of the way as Nik crossed to me. He sat on the edge of the bed and I wrapped myself around him. My arms wrapped around his neck and pulled his head down to my chest. "I'm okay." I whispered against his ear and he trembled. "I'm here."

Strong arms tightened around me almost painfully. "I'm sorry Emmie. I'm so sorry." I didn't say anything, just rocked him against me while he cried.

Chapter 7

Dull light was filtered through the window by plastic blinds. I groaned at the disturbance to my sleep and turned on my side away from the window, wanting nothing but to go back to sleep.

The pain in my arm as I moved made me open my eyes again. I couldn't turn on my arm because my IV line wouldn't allow it. The events of the evening before came flooding back into my sleep fogged mind and without thinking my hand covered my lower stomach. My baby girl was in there.

Deep snores around the room made me raise my head. The nursing staff had been both aggravated and thrilled at my posse when I was put in my private room the night before. Some of them were Demon's Wings fans; others were just in awe at having the rockers in the same building as them.

Chairs were brought without having to be asked for, along with pillows and blankets. Now my guys were spread around the room sleeping like the dead. With a happy smile on my lips I reached for the hand that was laying so close to my own on the bed. Jesse actually jerked awake when I touched him. "Emmie?"

"I'm still here." I assured him.

He scrubbed his hands over his face. "I need coffee."

"You and me both." Nik muttered from his chair to my right. He twisted his neck right and left, trying to get the tension out of them. "I'll go find us some." He stood and dropped a kiss on my forehead. "Need anything, baby girl?"

"Something cold and lemony?" My mouth felt gooey.

"You got it." He promised and kissed me again.

I was unable to take my eyes off of him until he was out of sight. Jesse shook his head. "Idiots." He muttered under his breath.

"Shut up, Jess." Damn him for seeing everything!

"Just stating the obvious, Em." He stood, cracking his neck and back until he was able to move around with ease. "Wow, you look better. I haven't seen color in your cheeks in weeks."

Drake and Shane were up by the time Nik returned with coffee and a soft drink for me. The lemon lime flavor of the soda was like heaven for my taste buds and I gulped half of it before having to stop and belch. My guys laughed at me because I could belch with the best of them.

A nurse with short gray hair walked in without knocking. A clip board in one hand and a little machine pulled along behind her with the other. She shook her head at my guys, and weaved her way through them to get to me. "Looks like you get to go home, Miss Jameson."

I let out a relieved sigh. "Thank the gods."

"Let me get your blood pressure and temperature, dear." She put a cuff on my arm without the IV and a thermometer under my tongue. While she waited for the vitals to register she glanced around her. "You boys okay with the sight of blood?"

"Yes, ma'am." Jesse assured the woman. "But what does that have to do with anything?"

"I have to take out the IV in Miss Jameson's arm. If you can't handle the sight of blood then I suggest you fellows get out until she's all bandaged up."

I shot Shane a quick look. "Maybe you should go get some more coffee." I suggested. He didn't have to be told twice. The guy can look at his own blood all day long, but anyone else's and he tended to lose it.

The nurse laughed as she pulled the cuff from my arm, wrote a few things on her clip board and then reached for my arm with the IV. The thing was taped up nice and tight and I couldn't help but whimper as the nurse pulled the tape off. Then she was easing the needle from my arm and patching me up with a small bandage.

"Okay dear, these are the doctor's instructions. Follow up with your personal doctor in the next week. Come back if you start feeling faint, unable to keep liquids down, or develop a high fever." She tore off the top sheet of paper and handed it over along with a smaller piece of paper. "And a prescription for vitamins. My suggestion is take them at bed time because they tend to upset the stomach."

"Vitamins?" Jesse frowned. "That's it? Just vitamins?"

"There isn't much that we can give her." The nurse told him as she turned to him.

"Why the fuck not?" Drake demanded, standing beside of the drummer. "She's very sick!"

"Guys..."

The nurse just laughed and I groaned, knowing that the shit was about to hit the fan. "A baby doesn't exactly qualify as a serious illness, honey."

"What..." Jesse.

"...The..." Drake.

"FUCK!" Nik.

"Emmie!?!" Jesse again. He was beside me in an instant. "What the fuck is she talking about, a baby?" His eyes were on fire with confused rage.

I sighed and pushed the hair away from my face, knowing that I had to face this full on. I had wanted to ease into telling them. But now, thanks to the nurse I had to do it now. I wasn't ready for this! I wasn't ready to tell them anything.

Of course they would want to know everything.

"I'm pregnant." I finally told him and watched as his dark eyes widened. His nose flared and I was reminded of a raging bull. Great! I glared at the nurse. The woman muttered a quick excuse and got the hell out of the way. Yes, it was easy to determine who my least favorite person in the world was right then.

"How is that even possible?" Drake demanded.

Despite the seriousness of the situation I actually laughed at him. "You mean you don't know the how, Drake?"

He gave me a withering look and I lost my smile. "Don't try to be cute, Em. You know exactly what the fuck I mean."

"What's all the shouting about?" Shane demanded, walking back into the room.

"Emmie is pregnant." Jesse snarled.

"How the fuck is that even possible?" He demanded, turning to me in shock. Yes, you could tell who the biological brothers were in the band.

"Who?"

My eyes zeroed in on Nik and his softly spoken question. "What?"

Those ice blue eyes of his that have always been able to see to my very soul were on fire now. "Who, Emmie? Who is the father?" And his gaze went straight to Jesse. "Or do I already know."

"What?" I couldn't believe he would think that Jesse...

"What the fuck, Nik!" Jesse raged at his friend. "You think I would..? Have you lost your fucking mind? She might be hot, but I would never touch her! She's like my sister."

"I don't believe you." Nik's voice was ice cold and I knew then and there that he was beyond pissed. Nik only went subzero when he was truly pissed. I wasn't sure how or even why he was so angry. The rest of the guys were mad, sure. But not like Nik was. "I see the way you look at her. I see how she is always clinging to you."

"Nik..." I broke off when his gaze turned to me. I couldn't breathe for a moment as I took in the rage burning in his gorgeous eyes. He's never looked at me like that. "Nik, Jesse isn't the father."

"Then who, Em?" He crossed the room so quick I didn't have time to blink. He leaned his hands on the bed on either side of me and pushed his face so close I could actually taste the coffee on his breath. "Who the fuck touched you?!"

I couldn't speak. Couldn't form the words that he needed me to say. How could I tell him when he was in this frame of mind? Why was he in this frame of mind? This man who has watched over me almost all my life, who has sang me my own lullaby, who has loved me like a sister, and treated me like I was so special...He was looking like he hated me right now and I didn't understand it.

Drake pulled him back. "Stop it, Nik. Can't you see that she is terrified of you right now?"

"Just tell me who!"

"Why?" I cried. "Why do you have to know so badly?"

"So I can kill him!" He bellowed.

Tears spilled from my eyes. "What's wrong with you, Nik? Why are you acting like this?"

"Axton? He was sniffing around a few months ago. Was it him? I saw him with his hands all over you last night." He was struggling to get free from Drake now and I was scared that if Drake lost his hold on him he would hit me. "Was it him!?"

"No!"

"Who!"

Jesse put himself between me and Nik, but he turned to me and grasped my hands. "Tell him, Em. Tell him so that he will calm down."

"I..." I shook my head. If I said it out loud then that would be it. I couldn't hide behind my walls anymore. Shame burned my face.

"Someone in this room?" Nik demanded. "Is it?"

"Yes." I whispered and Jesse's head snapped back as if I had slapped him. His eyes met mine and I knew that he knew so I lowered mine back to the bed.

Nik heard me. It was like he had supersonic hearing because I had barely even heard myself. "Who, Em? Tell me who." Had his voice actually cracked?

I swallowed hard and blinked away my tears, but was unable to contain them. "Nik..."

"WHO!"

"YOU!"

Chapter 8

If I told you it was possible for me to violate someone I love would you believe me? It's true. I took something that wasn't meant for me. I took it, and pretended like I hadn't. I took it, cherished every fucking second.

I'm a bad person. I took advantage of my friend, of someone who has spent his life making mine better. Nik trusted me. I was the one person in his life that if he couldn't trust then there was no one else. And I destroyed that trust.

Four months ago I was weak and selfish. But up until today, this second I wasn't sorry about it. Had only ever let myself think about it when I was alone in my hotel rooms. When my love and need for Nik overwhelmed me to the point that I had no choice but to relive my stolen night with him.

--

For once we had made it a whole day before a concert. I was glad because there was a storm brewing outside and I hated being on the bus during a thunderstorm. Even at twenty-one years old I was still terrified of thunder.

I huddled under my blanket and tried to keep my mind off the growing rage of the storm outside, but it was no use. So I grabbed my room key along with the others and ran from my room. The lights flickered as I ran the length of the corridor and opened the door to Nik's room. I knew I shouldn't, that I was chancing walking in on him with some groupie, but the thunder was just too much for me.

When I opened the door to his room I was surprised to find him alone, and took a second to delight in the fact that he wasn't with some slut. The light from the bathroom was on and the door was slightly ajar, casting a soft glow across the room. He was laying on his back with one hand pillowed under his head while the other...

The other stroked his hard cock.

I sucked in a breath, getting my first look at Nik aroused. He was completely naked, and the long, broad length of him stretched just passed his belly button. His balls, those perfectly round sacs were tight as he continued to stroke his hand up and down his pulsing dick. My mouth went dry as I shamelessly watched.

"Finally." He slurred and I realized that he was drunk.

"Finally what?" I breathed, unable to find a stronger voice.

"You finally came to me. God, I've been aching for you all night." He sat up and held out the hand that wasn't stroking himself, something that he was still doing. His fingers wiggled, enticing me to come to him. "Come here, baby."

Without thinking I went to him and put my hand in his. With a little tug he pulled me down beside of him on the bed. "Feel." Still holding my hand he brought it to his cock and cupped my fingers around him. "Do you feel how much I need you?"

"Yes." I whispered, captivated by the sight of my fingers gliding up and down his engorged cock.

I knew that it was wrong. Nik was drunk and thought I was one of the groupies come to play with him. But in the instant that I touch that live wire that was his dick I knew that I didn't care. I wanted him, have wanted him for so long. And I loved him in a way that no one else ever would.

It didn't matter that I was a virgin, or that he most likely wouldn't remember in the morning, by which time I planned on being long gone from this bed. The storm raging outside no longer mattered; was completely from my thoughts as I leaned in and kissed Nik.

His groan was deep, sexy and made me shiver as I felt his tongue skim across my bottom lip. "So sweet. Never tasted anything this sweet before." He devoured my mouth, made me dizzy with need and stole my breath. My fingers knotted in his thick hair, needing to hold on as he began the wild ride that I had only ever dreamed about with this man.

"Easy baby." He chuckled in the rich, seductive way I loved so much. "I'm not going anywhere."

"I want you so much." I told him, unafraid of my true feelings in the darkness of his booze fogged mind. "I need you, Nik."

"God! I need you too, baby." He cupped my face, seeming to memorize every inch of it, but I wondered if he was really seeing me. "So beautiful." His lips brushed along my jaw, his wicked tongue skimming down my neck and sucking at the pulse that was frantically beating at the base.

He took his time with me. Stripped me carefully of my tee shirt and boy shorts. He licked every inch of my tattoo on my hip, nibbling on the demon's wings that surrounded the black heart with all the guys' names inside of it in red. "Sexy as hell." He growled before turning me over so that he could pay attention to the tattoo that took up most of my back. The dark wings of a demon, portraying me as one and the Gothic style writing below that said I was 'Property of Demon's Wings' written in Goth.

I felt his dick nudge me, skimming along the crack of my ass and I spread my legs without hesitating. "You aren't ready for me to do that, baby. That virgin ass has to be tamed slowly. Especially when I'm this hard...Never been this hard before, baby. Never! All for you..." He nipped my shoulder. I cried out from the pure pleasure the small pain caused deep between my legs.

When he turned me onto my back and attacked my lips once more, seeming lost in the taste of me. He cupped my small breasts in his big hands, causing me to blush. He was use to bigger boobs than mine. Nik was a breast man and I knew that mine had never inspired him before. But he seemed to love them.

His mouth left mine and swallowed one almost whole as he sucked my nipple into his hot mouth. I cried out, loving the pulling sensation of his suckling me. His fingers tugged at my other nipple, not daring to leave it out of his ministrations. After a few minutes he turned his mouth to my other breast while his fingers trailed lower, skimming across my belly button ring and lower.

When he reached my sex he lifted his head and watched as his fingers parted my lips. A tortured groan escaped his mouth. "So wet for me." He seemed fascinated by the curls around my pussy. I keep it waxed except for what people call a landing strip along my outer lips. From the way he was gazing so intently at the auburn curls I figured that he liked it. "Do you taste as good as you smell, baby?"

Before I could answer he moved and put his mouth over my clit. I screamed as he sucked that distended ball of nerves into his sinfully hot mouth. My back arched off the bed as he sucked and sucked until I couldn't hold myself together anymore and came against his mouth. My release flooded my entrance and he made a whimpering sound as he lapped up every last drop of it.

When he raised his head his face glistened with my arousal. Nik didn't bother to wipe it away as he returned to kissing me. The taste of me on his tongue was embarrassing at first, but then I got a full taste of it and moaned at how exotic the flavor was.

He rolled onto his back and took me with him. "Tell me you're mine." He demanded.

"I'm yours." I answered without hesitation. "All yours, Nik!"

"Take me inside of you, baby. Make me a part of you." If I had stopped to think about it I might have suggested a condom. But by then I was too far gone. Protection was the furthest thing from my mind as I slid down that cock.

I bit my lip and swallowed back my cry of pain as he broke through the barrier of my virginity. He was panting by the time I set down to the hilt. "So good. So fucking tight." He gritted out. His hands were on my hips, holding me steady. "Give me a second, beautiful. If you move right now I'm going to embarrass myself and blow inside of you way too soon."

I was glad to give him all the time he needed because I was fighting to accommodate him. I leaned forward until my nipples skimmed across his chest and kissed him. His tongue curled around mine and I felt my inner muscles melting, making the fit manageable. I started to ride him but his hands tightened on my hips, forcing me to stay still.

"Not yet." He bit out. "I'm too close."

"Nik..!" I needed to move now. I was on fire for him again.

Understanding what I needed his thumb rubbed over my exposed clit. I cried out with the pure pleasure of it. "Please." I begged him. "Please, I'm close." He eased up on the hold on my hips and I rocked back and forward experimentally. My inner muscles tightened as my release neared. His thumb rubbed in fast circles over my clit, rushing me toward the edge of a cliff.

"Nik!" I couldn't hold on any longer. "Fuck, Nik!"

"Baby!" His back arched as he emptied deep inside of me.

I fell against his heaving chest, trying to catch my breath. His arms tightened around my back and he kissed my shoulder. "Amazing." He mumbled half asleep. I smiled against his sweat soaked chest in total agreement.

By the time I caught my breath Nik was asleep. Hating to leave, but knowing I couldn't stay I climbed off of him. He mumbled something unintelligible as he rolled away from me. I quickly dressed and left him.

The next day when he acted like my same old Nik I knew he hadn't remembered anything. And while part of me died a little inside, a bigger part was relieved. I couldn't handle it if he suddenly started treating me differently because of a spontaneous moment where I was too weak.

Chapter 9

Now as I sit in a hospital gown, staring at the man I love after screaming at him that he was the father of my child I can't help the shame that consumes me. I took advantage of someone I love, the only man who could ever own me so completely. Tears pour down my face and I can't help the small sob that escapes me.

All of the rage seems to evaporate from Nik. He goes slack in Drake's arms, causing the big man to almost drop him. "What?" He whispered.

"You, Nik." I sobbed. "You are the father."

"No...I..." He shook his head. "No..."

My heart broke a little more because I knew that he would never have been my lover if he hadn't been drunk; if he hadn't thought that I was someone else. God, I'm a despicable person. No better than some rapist taking advantage of a drugged up girl. I took his will to say 'no'. And I knew that Nik would have screamed 'no' at me if he had known that I was the one he was having sex with that night.

I scrubbed at my face, hating my tears. "Yes, Nik."

"It was a dream. I dreamed that." He jerked away from Drake, pushed Jesse out of his way and fell on his knees beside of me. "Right?"

Refusing to meet his eyes I shook my head. "I'm sorry, Nik. I'm sorry I took advantage of you. Please...please don't hate me." The last came out a broken whisper.

All around me the room was so quiet that I thought maybe the others had left us and I just hadn't noticed. But when Jesse started snickering and the brothers soon joined I knew that I hadn't gotten lucky. I turned my coldest glare on them. "This is NOT funny! I practically raped him."

Now it was Nik who was snickering and I gaped at him, unable to understand how this was in the least bit humorous. When he saw how upset I truly was he stopped laughing at me and shook his head. "Come on, Em. There is no way that you took advantage of me. And it isn't rape when it's consensual, baby."

"You didn't know it was me. You thought that I was one of those slut groupies." More tears started to pour down my face.

His eyes narrowed on me. "The fuck you say! I might have been drunk, but I knew who you were, Emmie. I've been dreaming about it for a lot longer than I should. That's why when I woke up the next morning I just thought it was a dream. A wet dream, sure; but still just a dream."

The other guys made a noise and Jesse gave Nik a pointed glare. "Too much info, dude. Too much info. We don't need to know that shit."

His words left me in shock. Deep in my heart I felt the walls I had built around it crumble a little. Nik had known it was me. That night, that beautiful night that had been haunting me for months was him making love to me-not one of the countless sluts! I couldn't form words, my mouth and brain didn't know how to cooperate at the moment. So I just sat there in that hospital bed and stared wide eyed down at the father of my child.

"Emmie..."

The door opening cut off whatever he had been about to say. A nurse came in pushing a wheelchair in front of her. She did not look happy. From the permanent frown lines around her lips and eyes I figured this woman had rarely laughed in her fifty odd years of life. "Well, since all the shouting has stopped I thought it was safe to come in without fear of loss of limb. Do you need help dressing Miss Jameson?"

I shook my head and she turned her hard eyes on my guys. "I suggest pulling your car around to the main entrance so that we can get the young lady home."

Shane grimaced. "I'll go hail a cab."

I gave him a watery smile. "Thanks."

The nurse, I dubbed her Grumpy because she reminded me of the dwarf off of Snow White with her gray hair and short stature, shooed the others out of the room. "She needs to get dressed. I don't care what you are to her, she is not changing clothes with you lot in here."

Nik glared at the little old woman and I knew that he would have possibly snarled at the woman so I took his hand and gave it a small squeeze. "It's okay. I'll be out in a few minutes."

Jesse put his hand on Nik's shoulder. "Let's go, man. There is plenty of time to talk later. She isn't going anywhere."

Shoulders tense Nik followed Drake out the door with Jesse right behind him. At the door Jesse stopped and glanced back at me. "We'll be right out here. Okay?"

I nodded and waited until the door was closed behind them before reaching for the clothes that I had worn the night before. They were folded neatly in the little dresser that was also a bedside table by the uncomfortable little bed. The nurse helped me because I was still a little shaky on my legs. "You need lots of rest, dear." The harshness in Grumpy's voice was gone now.

"I'm leaving for vacation today. I plan on doing nothing more than laying on the beach in the warm sun."

The nurse nodded. "Just not too much sun. That's not good for the baby."

I stumbled, realizing that I had no clue what was good or not for my baby. Fresh tears pricked at my eyes. I didn't want to hurt my baby girl in any way, ever. After the childhood I had had where my mother was a monster to me I vowed to make sure that my child only knew love and devotion. I pulled the picture the tech had given me the night before out of my jeans pocket where I hide it so the guys wouldn't see and smoothed the edges of the picture.

"There are countless web sites that you can visit to find out the dos and don'ts of pregnancy at every stage." The nurse suggested as she helped me into the wheelchair. Somehow she managed to hold the door open and wheel me through without any mishap.

I pulled out my cell and opened up the Internet, already typing keywords in the search engine so that I would have them to look at later.

The guys were leaning against the wall when we came out. Jesse frowned down at me when he saw that my phone was out. "Fuck no! You are going to rest, not work." He snatched the phone from my hands before I could say anything and turned it off.

"But I wasn't..."

"What's that?" Nik nodded to the picture I had clutched in my hand.

I offered it to Nik as the guys fell into step on either side of me while the nurse pushed me toward the elevator. "It's an ultrasound picture of the baby." I bit my lip as he reached for the glossy picture with a slightly trembling hand.

As he looked down at the first picture of our child I watched him closely. He looked pale, those ice blue eyes of his were glassy, but I saw the tiniest of smiles tilt up his lips as he gazed down at the picture in his big hands. "Beautiful." He whispered.

Everyone was quiet as we road down on the elevator. Jesse stood to my left, his fingers rubbing soothingly at my neck while Drake leaned his head back against the wall of the elevator and closed his eyes. Nik seemed engrossed with the picture of his child as he continued to gaze down at it. When the nurse pushed me outside Shane already had two cabs waiting on us. He held the door of the first one open for me.

As if I was an invalid Nik stepped forward as I started to stand and lifted me, placing me in the cab gently before sliding in beside of me. Drake opened the door and slid in on my other side leaving Shane and Jesse to take the second cab.

The drive to the hotel seemed like it took forever and because it hadn't taken Axton long to get me to the emergency room the night before I wondered just how fast he had been driving. I shook my head at the thought. "What?" Drake asked.

"Nothing." I knew better than to voice my thoughts. My guys were overbearingly protective and would twist Axton like a pretzel if they found out that he had been driving like he was in the Indianapolis 500 while I was in the same vehicle. It probably wouldn't even matter to them that I had been half unconscious at the time either.

But thinking of the rocker's driving skills made me wonder what had happened to him. I hadn't seen him since before the guys had arrived the night before. "Where is Axton anyway?"

Nik shrugged. "Don't know. Don't care."

Drake sighed. "He got a call from Gabriella and said he was heading back to California. Said to tell you he hopes you felt better soon and to call him when you're up to it."

"Oh." I wondered if Gabriella had called because something was wrong with Alexis. I wanted to text him to ask but couldn't because Jesse still had my cell. The look on his face told me that asking Nik if I could use his would only get me into trouble, so I clenched my hands together and sighed.

Chapter 10

It wasn't easy but somehow I got all five of us on a flight out to Panama City that evening. From there it was an hour drive to our beach house. I rented a huge SUV that could hold all five of us plus the necessities of our luggage then arranged to have the rest sent to the house. Drake drove while Shane and Jesse rode in the third row so that I could stretch out in the longer back seat.

It was getting late and I was exhausted. We didn't travel by plane much, unless the guys had to be at an awards show or something like a movie premier that only took us off our tour path for a day or so. I hated flying; I always got air sick and spent most of the time with a bag in my hand or in the bathroom. It wasn't making this morning sickness that I had any better and by the time we had landed the guys were all threatening me with another hospital. But when I was able to keep down an entire bottle of fizzy lemon lime soda they didn't push the issue.

By the time we got to the beach house, which was technically just a huge cottage, I was asleep. Strong arms lifted me and I didn't bother to open my eyes as I wrapped my arms around Nik's neck and drifted off to sleep once more.

Bright morning light was flooding my window. I reached out for an extra pillow and pulled it over my head to block out the harsh light. My bladder protested when I tried to go back to sleep and I sat up slowly so that my stomach didn't have too many reasons to hate me. At a glance my room was beautiful. Vaulted ceilings, French doors that opened up onto a balcony, creamy walls with a soft brown carpet. A sixty inch TV hung from the wall opposite my bed, which was draped in beige and cream comforter and sheets.

Standing I padded into the connecting bathroom. Sea green accents adorned the walls, candles everywhere in fresh scents of cotton and jasmine. There was a Jacuzzi bath tub and a private shower. I knew from the virtual tour I had taken online that this was the master bedroom and bath because it was the only one with a Jacuzzi and wondered if the guys had put me in here because of that luxury.

If so I hated to tell them that I couldn't use the Jacuzzi because I was pregnant. But that they had been so thoughtful warmed my heart. Smiling I used the bathroom then took a quick shower. My stomach was grumbling for food for once and I had this crazy craving for bacon and cheese grits.

Downstairs I found the gourmet kitchen with its beautiful granite counter tops and the stainless steel appliances. As requested the fridge and pantry were well stocked with food and soft drinks. But I couldn't find any bacon or grits anywhere. I hadn't requested those items, hadn't even had grits since I was a little girl.

My stomach growled and I sighed. Nothing else sounded appealing. I didn't know if I could bring myself to eat anything if I couldn't have my bacon and cheese grits. Pulling out a Sprite I opened the bottle and took a small sip.

"Morning, Em." Shane came in through the sliding doors that lead outside. He was covered in sweat having just finished a run on the beach. "How are you feeling?" He asked as he opened the fridge and pulled out a bottle of water.

"I'm hungry." I told him with a small pout.

"That's good news." He dropped down onto a chair at the kitchen table. "Can you fix me something too?"

"We don't have any grits." There was a wobble in my voice and crazily enough a tear escaped my left eye. I was going to cry over not getting grits? What the hell!

Shane, seeing my tears was quick to soothe me. He took my hands and gave them a little squeeze. "So make something else, sweetheart."

I shook my head. "I want grits." I whispered. "I guess it's some crazy pregnancy craving because I don't think I could eat anything else. I want bacon and cheese grits...Just like my mom would make when she was actually sober." My chest hurt just thinking about my mom, causing some deep seated pain to come loose and I started sobbing.

Poor Shane was at a loss. I heard footsteps rushing into the kitchen. Jesse's angry voice demanded to know what was going on and then his strong arms wrapped around me. "Em? What's wrong honey?"

But I couldn't answer him so I just buried my face in his neck and continued to sob. I hadn't cried for my mom when she had died. At the time I had been so relieved. She was a monster of the worst kind. I was subjected to beatings on a regular basis. Growing up in a trailer were there were always half empty liquor bottles laying around with crack pipes and heroin needles, it was a wonder that I had turned out half normal.

"She wants some grits." I heard Shane telling Jesse. "With bacon and cheese like her mom used to make."

"Well go get her some damned grits and bacon, Shane!" Jesse yelled, exasperated. He lifted me and then sat and put me on his lap. I heard Shane scrambling around then slamming the back door as he raced out.

"Emmie, it's okay. We will get you your grits, sweetheart." He was rocking me now, his voice the one he used for hurt little things.

I shook my head. "It won't be the same. It won't taste the same. She made it so good. I loved those grits. They were my favorite."

"Oh, Emmie." He blew out a frustrated sigh. "Honey, she was barely coherent ninety five percent of the time. Why are you even thinking about her now?"

"I don't know." I sobbed harder. "She was evil and I shouldn't let her invade my mind. But...she was my mom, Jesse." My nose was running and without thinking I wiped it on his shoulder as he continued to rock my shaking body. "All I can think about is how much I want a bowl of her bacon and cheese grits."

"Okay, sweetheart. I swear we will get you some, and I will slave over the damned things until they taste just the way you want them...Just please stop crying. You're tearing me apart." There was the slightest quiver in his voice and I raised my head to see that his big brown eyes were damp.

My sobbing stopped. I didn't realize that my pain was his pain too. "S-s-sorry."

"Is this part of those pregnancy hormones that I heard about?" He asked running a hand over his bald head. "Cause if it is I don't think I will survive this shit long."

A laugh escaped me. "I guess so...I never think about my mom. This is so messed up." I didn't like it. Hated that I had spent even a second crying over that evil bitch. Grimacing I wiped my eyes with the backs of my hands and noticed that Jesse's shirt was soaked with tears and snot. "Oh. Sorry about your shirt."

He pulled it over his head and used it to dry my face. "It's only a shirt, honey. There, now that's better. My pretty Emmie is back again." He pressed a kiss to my forehead and moved so that I was again sitting on my own and he was standing. "I need coffee."

Jesse went about making a huge pot of potent coffee. The smell filled the whole house and soon Drake was stumbling into the kitchen, half blind with sleep as he poured himself a cup of Jesse's special blend. The stuff was so thick that it was like swallowing Jell-O. I only ever drank it once. My stomach had cramped for hours and I felt like I was on speed. Never touched the stuff again!

Nik was just joining us, a pair of sleep pants hanging off his lean hips, when Shane came in with two shopping bags. He seemed more out of breath now than after his run. "I bought all the grits they had, Em. One of each type. I didn't know if we had cheese or what kind you wanted. So I got several different kinds. And I hope that's enough bacon."

I threw my arms around him, not caring that he was still drenched in sweat. "Thanks, Shane." He had completely gone overboard but he was so sweet, getting me what I wanted because I had been so upset.

He kissed my cheek. "Anything as long as you are happy, sweetheart."

"What's that about grits?" Nik asked, adding sugar to his mug of coffee. "I'm starving."

"Em wants some bacon and cheese grits." Jesse said as he opened a pack of bacon and tossed it into a pan on the stove. "So Em is getting bacon and cheese grits." He winked at me as he started putting the rest of the groceries away. "Just the way her momma made."

Chapter 11

With my belly full of Jesse's grit, which had turned out pretty spectacular even if they hadn't tasted like my mother's, I decided to spend the rest of the morning laying down by the beach. We had about a quarter mile of private beach and I took advantage.

Drake carried a lounger down for me while I took an umbrella so that I didn't get too much sun exposure. With a book in my hand and a bottle of cold water in my drink holder I was set. I had picked up the book What To Expect When Expecting the day before at the airport but hadn't gotten far past the first few pages.

To say I was terrified about the baby was a minor understatement. But I was dealing with it. At least I was feeling better today than I had in what felt like forever. My nausea had seemed to calm down and even though I was tired I felt more rested.

The guys left me alone for a while. Drake had mumbled something about going back to bed after he had so kindly carried the heavy lounger down for me. I was glad for the time on my own, something I rarely got. It felt good to stretch out, with the warm sun on me and not having to worry about my guys.

Around noon I tossed my book on the lounger and stood. I felt like I was starving and the thought of a grilled cheese sandwich with tomato and bacon sounded heavenly. As I entered the house from the side door that lead into the living room I found Shane and Nik watching Sports Center on the ninety inch flat screen against the far wall.

"You guys hungry?" I asked as I passed the sectional on my way to the bathroom. I needed to pee like...Well like a pregnant woman! My bladder felt like it was the size of a watermelon it was so full.

"I could eat." Shane told me. "What ya making?"

"Sandwiches." I called, rushing into the bathroom. When I sat down it felt so good to relieve myself that I actually moaned.

After I washed my hands I went straight to the kitchen and started frying more bacon. I guess that was going to be my go to crave food, but I was okay with that. Bacon is awesome! I made a platter of sandwiches. BLTs, grilled cheese, turkey clubs. I was shoving a bacon strip in my mouth when Nik walked in.

"God, it smells good in here." He pulled a beer from the fridge and popped the top off. "That ocean air makes a man hungry."

I rolled my eyes at him, grinning. "Really? And when have you been outside to smell that ocean air?" He grinned sheepishly and picked up a BLT. "Pig."

"Can I help it that you make the best sandwiches in the world?" He pulled me close with his free hand. Those ice blue eyes captured mine and I was entrapped in their beautiful depths.

His hand stroked down my side, making my heart stop. I wasn't used to Nik touching me like this. I have craved it, yes. But up till that moment I had never thought I would be on the receiving end of his caressing touches. When his hand drifted over my hip, the one with my tattoo, and pulled me closer to his side I went willingly.

I raised my hand and touched his chest. His heart was racing. The heat of his skin burnt me and I leaned in, wanting to taste the skin exposed by his tee shirt just above his collar bone. I wanted to lick up his neck and nibble on his ear. I wanted...

"Lunch." Drake rubbed his hands together as he came into the kitchen, his hair crazy from his long nap. "Awesome, I haven't had a grilled cheese in forever."

Feeling weak I pulled away from Nik. He dropped his hand down by his side, his jaw tight. I put Drake a plate together and handed him a bag of chips before putting my own sandwich together. My heart was beating me to death and my fingers trembled as I stacked bacon and tomatoes on my grilled cheese.

The other's came in and we all sat down to have another meal together. This was nice, truly wonderful. We rarely got to eat like this. It was always take out and on the run, never homemade and never together. This vacation was already worth every penny that I had hated spending.

--

Naps are wonderful. Sleep is divine.

I have slept more in the last two days than I have in weeks. Yesterday I fell asleep out on my lounger after lunch. Then this morning I slept in until noon after going to bed at barely eight o'clock the night before. Now it is barely three in the afternoon and my eyes are already feeling heavy.

Yawning I tossed my book on the beach towel beside my lounger and stretched my arms above my head. As I do the material of my bikini top stretches and I notice something that I have been blind to up until that moment. My boobs are huge! They are at least a cup size bigger than what I would normally be. This news delights me and I grin as I close my eyes. This pregnancy thing isn't so bad after all...

Cool droplets hit my skin and I shriek as I set up on the lounger, pulled from my blissful sleep. With a glare at Nik I shoved my sun glasses up off my face and into my hair. "You ass!"

He chuckled in that deep, deliciously sexy way of his and dropped down beside of me on the lounger. His wet swim trunks press against my bare, warm thigh and I smacked him on the stomach. "You're freezing, Nik. Is the water really that cold?"

"Nah. Feels good to me." He took my glasses off my head and pulled them over his eyes. "This is nice." He moved his arm so that my head was pillowed on his shoulder instead of the rolled up beach towel I had been using. His chest was cold to me but I snuggled closer until my head was on his chest. "Let's buy a house on the beach. Not that one, but something similar to it. Bigger."

I let my arm wrap around his waist, content to be in his arms. "Really?"

He nodded. "I like the beach. And you seem happy here. We can't live in a tour bus and hotel rooms forever, Em. Especially now." His fingers stroked up and down my arm. "Would you like to live in Florida or California?"

"I don't care." And I didn't. As long as I had everyone that I loved with me, I could have lived in a cardboard box for all I cared.

"I'll call Rich later and have him find us a realtor. I want us to have our own house before the summer is over. And I want to tell him that the tour for the fall is off. We can't be traveling so much with you seven months pregnant."

My head snapped up. "Wait. What? You can't cancel the tour."

"Sure I can. You can't tour with us that pregnant, Em. And I'm not going to leave you at home like that. Rich will get over it." He made it sound so reasonable, but it only made me feel guilty. He was canceling something huge, for me. I couldn't let him make sacrifices like that.

"Nik..."

He pushed my sunglasses up into his hair. "Don't argue with me, Emmie. Nothing you say is going to change my mind. There are more important things than a stupid fucking tour."

I think I fell in love with him all over again in that moment. I couldn't help the smile that spread across my face as I went back to resting my head against his hard muscled chest. "Whatever you say, Nik."

"That's right, woman." We both laughed and then I felt his lips in my hair. "Let's take a nap. I'm exhausted."

"Good idea." I shifted so that my leg was entwined with both of his.

"Then we can go get some dinner." His fingers tangled in my hair as he massaged my scalp. "Just you and me."

That had my head rising again. "Like...a date?"

There was a smile on his perfect, kiss me lips. "Just like a date, baby girl."

Chapter 12

How was it that I had no clothes to wear?

I have jeans, and shirts, and underwear. But I have nothing that I would deem sexy, or date worthy. The jeans were expensive but old, with tears that were not supposed to be there, and frayed from so many washes. My shirts were all tee shirts and nine out of ten of them had Demon's Wings logos on them. My bras and panties are all cotton and the least sexy things I have ever seen.

With a sob I flop on my bed and stare at my now disaster of a room. All my clothes have been tossed from my cases around the room. There is even a bra hanging from the head of my bed.

I can't go out on my first date with Nik, fuck my first date EVER in jeans and a tee shirt!

There was a sharp tap on my closed bedroom door before it opened and Nik stuck his head in. "Hey babe, you ready..?" His voice trailed off and his eyes got huge when he saw the mess I had made of my room in the last fifteen minutes. "Em?"

Another sob escaped me. "I have nothing to wear."

His brows rose in that adorable way I love so much and he walked fully into the room. "Your room suggests differently, baby. What's the matter?"

"All I have is stupid jeans and most of my shirts have Demon's Wings logos on them. I don't own one freaking dress! Not even a skirt. All my panties are made of cotton and my bras are boring." I grabbed my pillow and hugged it against my chest.

He cocked his head to the side. "And you want a dress and skirts, and underwear that aren't boring? Although to tell you the truth that bra hanging from your bed post is pretty fucking hot."

I shot him a glare. "I want something I can wear on our date that you will want to tear off of me with your teeth. I want to be sexy!"

His nostrils flared and he turned away. Before I could even think about what he was doing he had locked the door behind him and was suddenly in front of me. "Stand up, Em." When I didn't move he took hold of my hands and pulled me to my feet. Gentle fingers lifted my chin, forcing me to meet that intense ice blue gaze of his. "Have I ever lied to you, baby girl?"

Biting my lip I shook my head. Nik has always told me the truth. Maybe he had kept things from me, but he has never lied to me. Ever.

"Then listen to me, because I don't want to repeat myself, okay?" I nodded, captivated by the way he was looking down at me from his six foot three height. "You are the sexiest woman I have ever met. You don't need more than a pair of ripped jeans, tattered shirt, and ragged underwear and I want to strip you with my teeth. Fuck girl, you make me hard just by being in the same room. If I smell your perfume, or whatever it is that you wear that makes you smell so amazing, I can't walk straight."

I forgot how to breathe. All my brain power was focused on his lips as they formed those deeply, insanely endearing words. "If you want those things then we will get them. Tonight, tomorrow. Whenever you want. But don't get them unless you want them, because I want you more now standing there in that too big shirt and those cutoff jeans than I ever would in some dress or lingerie."

"R-really?" My voice came out all breathy.

"Really." He traced the waist band of my jeans, making my head swim with desire. "So what do you want, Em? Want me to take you shopping?"

"Yes." Because I still didn't feel sexy despite his words. My tongue licked my parched lips. "But...tomorrow."

"Tomorrow?" His voice lowered, took on that seductive quality I remembered from our stolen night together. "So our date is off?"

I shook my head. "No, I just want to skip dinner and fast forward to the kiss goodnight." And this time I wanted to bask in the fact that he really knew it was me that he was kissing. "And maybe see how talented you are at stripping me with those teeth of yours."

He grinned predatorily, causing me to shiver deliciously. "I think I can oblige the lady."

--

Alright, I will be the first one to say that having sex with Nik was not a smart idea. But damn if it wasn't the best idea I have ever had. That man has talent, this I knew from our first night together. Man can use his tongue in a way that makes me beg for mercy.

Our first night together had nothing on last night. Maybe it was because I didn't have to feel guilty for taking advantage. Or having to hide how I really felt about him. Perhaps it was because this time he was sober and cried out my name when he came, instead of 'baby'. Or maybe it was because afterwards, instead of passing out on me he instead turned me so that my back was against his chest and cuddled me until I fell asleep in his arms.

Whatever the reason it was magical and I woke the next morning feeling like I could float. He was still pressed up against my back, with one hand cupping my breast and the other laying protectively over where our daughter grew in my belly. It was the perfect way to wake up and I wanted that every morning for the rest of my life.

Warm lips caressed my neck. "Morning, baby." He breathed at my ear. "How did you sleep?"

"If I said that it was the best night's sleep I've ever had would you believe me?"

I felt his smile against my shoulder. "Yes, because it was one of the best night's sleep I've ever had too."

I wasn't exactly happy about his answer. Turning in his arms I grasped his chin and met his smiling eyes. "One of the best?"

He nodded. "Yep."

My green eyes narrowed. "What were the other ones?"

He grinned. "Let me see...A few weeks ago when you crawled in beside of me on the bus. When you couldn't sleep last year and spent the night in my hotel room talking to me until I fell asleep..." He shrugged. "All of them seem to involve you sleeping in my arms."

Okay, so I was decisively happier with that answer. Not many women wouldn't be, especially when someone as sinfully sexy as Nikolas Armstrong said those things to her! "I don't know why I keep you around sometimes mister."

He batted those thick eye lashes at me and I was transfixed for a moment by the sheer beauty of them as they curtained his ice blue eyes. God, I would kill for eye lashes like that! Several shades darker than his hair, they were magnificent. It wasn't fair that his eyes were so beautiful. "Let's grab a shower, baby. I'm starving."

At the suggestion of getting up and eating my stomach grumbled. Nik grinned down at me. "How about some bacon?"

I laughed. "I'm going to end up hating bacon before this is all over."

"Probably." He kissed me, quick and hard, but no less potently. "Now get that sexy ass up so that we can eat. I need food, woman. Food."

Chapter 13

I don't have any female friends. I was practically raised by four rockers. It is little wonder that I have no interest in shopping. Last night was the first time I have ever wanted to own a dress. This baby is so making me lose my mind!

All I want is to feel pretty, sexy. But I don't want to lose who I am. I don't want designer dresses. I would probably throw up if I spent more than a hundred dollars on an outfit. So I ended up at the mall.

At a mall on a Wednesday in a touristy city? Yeah, that was a good idea. Not!

Do you have any idea how many teenaged girls are at a mall on a Wednesday during the summer? Well I sure as hell didn't, and I was positive that Nik hadn't had a clue either. So when we walked into American Eagle and the sales girl standing with a half folded shirt in her hands screamed I nearly jumped out of my skin because I hadn't been expecting it.

"Ohmygod. Ohmygod. Ohmygod!" The girl was in front of Nik before I could even figure where the scream had come from. "You're Nik Armstrong." She screamed again, causing everyone in the store and outside to stop and see what was going on. "I am like your biggest fan ever. I'm Meg."

I knew then and there that I was not going to get any shopping done that day. It seemed like as soon as Meg said his name aloud he was surrounded by panting girls. One actually pushed me out of the way so that she could get to him. Hands were all over him, wanting to have the memory of touching the rocker who probably stared in their immature wet dreams.

I have had to hide my feelings for Nik for years now. Even when it was killing me inside I never let anyone see how much having skanks touch him-or worse, sleep with him-bothered me. But today I was not able to hide behind those walls that I had built for times like this. I was pregnant with his baby, for fucks sake! He had spent hours making me come apart in his arms just the night before.

So while he grinned, and laughed, and let them touch him I turned and walked away. Jealousy ate at me like a disease and I was so fucking mad at him for letting them touch him, that he let them push me out like I was insignificant. A more rational part of my brain tried to excuse it. Attempted to make me see that he was just playing the part, hamming it up for his fans. But when it came to most of the females that were Demon's Wings fans I wondered if they even listened to their music. Or was it just about getting in a hot rocker's bed? From what I have witnessed over the years the latter was more along the lines of truth than the former.

My phone started playing Ashes by Demon's Wings and I glared down at the damn thing in my hand seeing Nik's face smiling back at me on the screen of the iPhone. Instead of answering I got on the escalator and went up to the second floor. I couldn't face him right now. There was no telling what I would have done if I saw him right at that moment.

Slap his overly handsome face? Knee him in the balls? Confess that I was obsessively in love with him? No way would I do that. It was bad enough that he knew how much I wanted him, the lengths that I had stooped to just to get in his pants.

"Em?" I didn't look over the rail when I heard him frantically calling my name from the ground level. Let him worry. Give it five minutes and he would be surrounded by girls again and I would just be an afterthought. Fuck that, and fuck him!

A store caught my attention and I went in without thinking about it. Now this was my kind of store! Black lace, chains, silk and mesh. Oh, fuck yeah! There was a moody girl behind the counter who raised her head to frown at me when I walked in. She had some kind of rock magazine on the counter in front of her and after deciding that I wasn't worth her time went back to the article in front of her.

I got lost in buying clothes. Sexy black panties, matching bras. Thigh highs and garters. A black dress that screamed that it was made for me. A skirt with chains holding the sides together. Tops that showed off my new assets. Shoes, shoes, and more shoes that went with all my darkly sexy outfits.

I made sure to get everything a size bigger so that I would have a little room to grow since my pregnancy was going to start showing soon. And when I tried on shoes I found that a size bigger and wider were needed, but that didn't surprise me. I had read about some women's feet growing like that when they were pregnant. It was weird but true.

The girl behind the counter gave me a long look as I tossed my stuff up on the counter top. "Did you find what you were looking for?" She asked.

I took in her dyed black hair, the piercings in her nose and eyebrow, the tattoo of a demon on her right forearm and felt like I had found a kindred spirit. Had I known this girl growing up she would have most likely ended up my best friend. "All I have are jeans and stupid Demon's Wings shirt. It was time for a change."

The girl's eyes narrowed on me. "Demon's Wings shirts are not stupid. I have six of them."

"Then you have exceptionally good taste in music. But I needed something that screams sexy, not rocker girl next door." She started ringing up my clothes and I turned to the jewelry rack behind me. There were cheap little things, some of them only twenty dollars at the most. But they were beautiful. A sexy demon with her wings and horns in a tarnished silver hanging from a chain caught my attention and I tossed it on the counter with the rest of my things. The side with the belly button rings was next and I found several that I liked. Some nose studs and I was done.

There were eight bags full by the time the girl was finished scanning my things into the computer. I handed over the credit card and watched the girls eyes bulge when she saw the name on the card. "Nikolas Armstrong?" She sputtered and gave me a closer look. "It is you. I thought you looked familiar. You're Ember Jameson!"

I smiled at the girl. "Yes."

"You have to be the coolest girl in the fucking world." She swiped the card before giving it back. "I love that poster of Demon's Wings with you clinging to Jesse Thornton. Damn I would kill to be you."

That made the smile disappear. "No. No you wouldn't." I assured her. My life might look perfect now, but no one would ever wish for the life that I had had growing up. No one deserved that kind of nightmare filled childhood.

There was a commotion outside the store and I turned to find three security guards standing outside with a pale and frantic looking Nik. I glanced down at my phone and saw that I had been in the store for more than an hour. Crap! "Nik!" I called out as he started to pass the store.

His head snapped around and he moved quicker than I had ever seen him as he entered the store and pulled me against his chest. His entire body was shaking, his fingers trembling as they knotted in my hair and jerked my head back to meet his blue eyes. "Don't you ever fucking do that to me again!"

Most of my anger had faded while I was shopping, so I stood and gave him a peck on the cheek. "Figured you were having so much fun with the fan club that you wouldn't even miss me."

His eyes narrowed. "Where you jealous?"

I pulled away from him and turned to the girl behind the counter who was gazing at Nik in wonder. It didn't bother me this time. I knew that this girl was a true fan of the band, not just of the way the guys looked. I saw her name tag and gave her an appreciative smile. "Thanks for all the help Beth. Nik, Beth has been so much help today. I spent three grand without even realizing it."

Nik raised a brow but offered the girl a grin. "Thank you, Beth."

I pulled out one of the tops that I had just bought, a gray one, and reached for the marker on the counter beside of the computer. I wrote my name across the back and then handed the marker to Nik without looking at him. "Write down your address for me and I will send you that poster you like so much with the guys autographs on it."

"That..." She shook her head. "That would be awesome. Thank you!"

I shrugged watching her scribble across a small piece of paper. "It's nothing. I like meeting real Demon's Wings fans. Thanks again." Nik snatched up the eight bags and followed me out of the store with a wink at the girl.

Chapter 14

I slept alone that night. Call me childish and immature, I don't care. I call it protection. After the episode at the mall and my battle with my jealousy I couldn't handle spending another night in Nik's arms without giving my feelings away.

So I locked my door when I went to bed that night and didn't move when I heard Nik's knock. "Em, please don't do this." He had called, but I had just set on my bed.

This morning I was already showered and dressed, but I wasn't ready to go down and be nice to everyone. So I set on my bed with my hair still damp and my laptop open. There were a few emails that I had to handle from Rich. He wasn't happy about the guys not going on tour in September and I wasn't surprised. I didn't know how much Nik had told his manager, but I was aware that the asshole was blaming me.

After handling the business end of the emails I grabbed my phone, snapped a picture of me giving the middle finger and texted it to Rich Branson. Yeah, I really gave a shit about what he thought of me. Whatever.

I was surfing the net looking for reviews on local OB/GYNs when I got a text back. Pregnancy has really calmed down your bitchiness, princess. NOT.

Instead of calling to scream at him for calling me 'princess', I just resent the picture of me giving him the finger and tossed my phone aside. An hour later I was out of my room and downstairs. Jesse was watching some disgusting zombie movie on the flat screen in the living room and I wished I had time to sit and watch it with him.

"Where you going?" He asked when I picked up the keys to the SUV.

"I was able to get an appointment with a really good doctor." I called over my shoulder. "They had a cancelation this afternoon and were able to squeeze me in. I have to get going or I'm going to be late."

He followed me out the door. "Where's Nik? Don't you think he should go with you?"

I shrugged. "He wasn't in his room and I don't have time to worry about it." I climbed into the driver's seat and started punching in the address for the medical complex into the GPS.

Jesse jumped in beside of me. "Someone should go with you." He gave me a hard look that told me not to argue. Not that I would have. I was glad to have his company and the support of someone who loved me.

With a smile I backed out of the driveway and turned toward Panama City.

The staff was friendly and professional. I had to fill out countless forms when I arrived. Insurance, family and personal medical history. There was an entire page on my period. When was my first period? How many days did my flow last? How often is my cycle? On the back there were even more personal questions. How many sexual partners have you had? Have you had/currently have an STD?

Jesse sat patiently beside of me while I filled out everything and went back with me when the nurse called my name. It wasn't lost on me that Nik should have been with me today. And I was feeling the need for his presence as the visit wore on. I tried calling him twice while we waited for the doctor to come in, but he wasn't picking up. I figured he was paying me back for not letting him in my room last night.

When Dr. Morgan stepped into the room I was surprised by how pretty she was. In her late thirties, she had an ageless beauty about her. I figured she would be this beautiful when she was eighty. She gave me a kind smile and shook my hand. "Hello Ember. It's nice to meet you." She offered her hand to Jesse. "Are you dad?"

"No, ma'am. Just a friend."

Dr. Morgan raised a brow but didn't comment as she took a seat and laid her iPad on the little table beside of her chair. "Well, Ember, tell me a little about your pregnancy."

"I'm nineteen weeks and it's a girl." I wasn't sure what the doctor wanted, but that was all I really knew about my pregnancy.

"And you just recently found out?" I nodded. "Okay. Well, let me tell you about a few things that we need to do. We have to get some blood work and I need to do a Pap smear. These are all routine tests to make sure that you and the baby are healthy. Since you are already so far along in your pregnancy I would like to do another ultrasound to get some measurements and to confirm your due date."

"Okay."

"Good." She pulled a small device from her coat pocket. "First I would like to take a listen to the baby's heartbeat if that's okay?"

I sat back and the doctor pulled my tee shirt up. A little gel on the end of the device and she was pushing it against my lower abdomen. She moved it around a few times and then the room was filled with the noise that could not be mistaken for anything but the heartbeat of my baby.

"That's amazing." Jesse whispered from his chair against the wall.

I sent him a watery smile. "I know."

"Fuck, Em. This is real, huh? You're really having a baby." He rubbed his hands over his bald head.

The doctor laughed softly. "There is undeniably a baby in there. Sounds good. A strong heartbeat." She took the device away and used a paper towel to wipe the gel from my skin. "Now for the unpleasant part, Ember." She pulled out a gown and a paper blanket from the cabinet under the table where her iPad was. "Everything off. I'll step outside while you get undressed. The gown opens in the front."

I waited until she was gone before reaching for my shirt. Jesse stood and turned his back until I had the gown on and the paper blanket covered me. I wasn't embarrassed to have Jesse there. We were comfortable with our bodies and the nature of our relationship that he had seen me naked more than a few times.

When I had my first period it was Jesse who bought me tampons and then showed me how to us them. That might sound inappropriate, but there hadn't been anyone else to help me. My mom had been passed out after a night of booze, crack, and men and I had been terrified of what was going on with my body.

A minute later the doctor returned and I had my first experience with the torture that was called a Pap smear. "This is just to check for cervical cancers and STDs." Dr. Morgan explained as she did something that made me whimper. In the next second it was all over. "Looks good, Ember. Your cervices are nice and closed." She pulled off her gloves and tossed them in the trash before washing her hands.

"My nurse is going to come in and take some blood. Don't freak out because she is going to take several vials." She glanced at Jesse. "Make sure she eats soon." He nodded. "I want to do an ultrasound but my tech is out sick today. Can you come back in the morning?"

I was glad for the delay in the ultrasound. I wanted Nik with me for that. He was the father, the man I loved. He should be with me to see something that magical. My first one had left me in love with a being that I hadn't known existed. I was sure that the experience would leave him just as moved.

After we left I felt just a little light headed from the blood work and Jesse helped me out to the SUV. I was more than happy to hand over the keys so that he could drive. A quick stop at a McDonalds because I wanted a Big Mac with bacon and we were headed back to the beach house.

I was happy to get home. I couldn't wait to talk to Nik about going to the doctor with me the next morning. The rush of seeing our child while it moved inside of me was going to be something that will be one of the biggest moments in his life. I was sure of it.

--

As soon as Jesse had the SUV put in park I jumped out of the vehicle and practically skipped inside. "Nik?" I called out his name, but there wasn't anyone in the house. Movement out on the beach caught my attention and I turned to see Nik, Drake, and Shane out on the beach with a group of girls in bikinis.

My excitement evaporated.

As I moved closer to the French doors that lead outside to the beach my heart cracked open. Nik had two of the five girls wrapped around him. He was laughing and shaking his head at something that Shane was saying. Boobs that had to be three sizes bigger than my own rubbed against his chest as it shook with laughter.

"Are we having a party?" Jesse asked behind me.

I swallowed around the lump in my throat. "Looks like it. But I don't think we were invited." Disgusted I turned and headed for the stairs. "So, are you going to go with me in the morning?"

"I thought you wanted Nik to go with you."

"I don't want anything from Nik!" I assured him as I climbed the stairs.

Chapter 15

Pregnancy hormones are a scary thing. They leave you in a piling heap of snotty tissues and damp pillows. They make you think things that you never normally would think about. Like running away from the only life you have ever known, from the people who have always protected you and loved you. They make you mad at the world.

I locked myself in my room and turned on my computer. We have only been on this stupid vacation for less than a week and I was ready for it to be over with. I wanted Nik and the others gone. I wanted them to leave. I wanted...

I didn't know what I wanted, okay!

Ever since I was five my guys have been in my life. When I went to live with them at the age of fifteen I knew that I was finally home. They were my safe haven. I always thought that as long as I had those four men with me I would never have to worry about anything every again. But now I'm contemplating living them behind! That was the scariest thought that has ever run through my brain.

I spent three hours searching for exactly what I wanted and then pulled up my checking account to see what I had to play with. I had three million dollars in my savings and a little over one in my checking. Yes, Rich paid me very well.

Call me a coward. I don't care. But I wasn't going to stick around and be subjected to more of what I had witnessed when I came back from the doctor. I wasn't emotionally stable enough to keep hiding my feelings for that stupid man and I would be damned if I would let him have that kind of power over my emotions once he realized that I was in love with him.

Packing my things is something I have become an expert with. It took me less than an hour to get everything I needed into my cases. After a shower I sat on the edge of my bed and waited for the house to grow quiet. There had been music playing down on the beach but I hadn't left my room to check out what was happening. From the giggling females and the deep male laughter it didn't take much to figure out that they were having a hell of a good time.

Around two the music stopped. A while later there were doors slamming shut and I finally went out to check on everything. The house was dark. Everyone was in bed, or had left since they had all decided that women would not be staying in the house. I refused to check Nik's room to find out what category he was in. If I found him not in bed then I was sure that I wouldn't survive.

Back in my room I used my cell to call for a taxi and then wheeled my luggage down stairs as quietly as I could. The driver was just pulling up in the driveway when I saw a light turn on upstairs.

My heart stopped when I realized that it was Nik's room. The curtain twitched and I saw his face appear in the window. I turned away and started throwing my things into the back of the cab before the driver could get out.

There was only my big case left. I was frantic to leave. The driver picked it up just as the front door opened and Nik came running. "Em!"

"Please hurry." I begged the little old man.

"Stop!" Nik shouted. "What the fuck are you doing?" I reached for the door to the back of the taxi but he reached me before I could get it open. His fingers locked around my arms and jerked me around to face him. "Where are you going?"

"Away." I spat the word at him.

The street lamp cast enough light that I saw his face was livid and pale. "The fuck you are! You aren't leaving. You can't leave." His voice cracked and his hold on my arms tightened causing me to winch in pain, but he didn't release me. "Get back in the fucking house."

"Why?" I demanded. "Why should I stay here? So that you can torment me with all of those skanks? So that you can rub it in my face with what I can never have?" A humorless laugh escaped me. "Thanks, but no thanks. I'm tired of it all. Tired of seeing the different women flowing in and out of your bed. Tired of dreaming of something I know I can never have."

"What are you talking about?" He demanded. "There hasn't been anyone in my bed in months! Jesus Christ, Emmie. Are you blind? Can't you see how I feel about you?"

His question confused me. I couldn't help the frown that wrinkled my brow. "What feelings?"

He closed his eyes and shook his head. "Please, Em. Come back into the house and let's talk. Don't leave, baby. Please don't go."

I didn't know what I should do. My brain was screaming at me to get in the taxi and go. That this wasn't the life I should bring my child into. How could I possibly bring a child into our world that was full of nothing but partying and women for my guys? But my heart was fighting with my brain, demanding that I shut up and go with Nik.

Seeing the indecision on my face Nik looked at the driver and asked the man to unload my things. He tipped the man generously then held onto me until the taxi had pulled out of the driveway and disappeared into the night before reaching for my suitcases. "Come on, baby." He urged softly.

Mutely I followed him into the beach house. He dropped my cases in the hallway by the door and then grasped my hand. Nik tugged me up the stairs and into his room where he locked his door and then pushed me to sit on the edge of his bed. Still holding onto my hand he crouched down in front of me, forcing me to look at him.

"Where were you going to go, Em?" He whispered in a hoarse voice.

I shrugged. "Somewhere were there aren't groupies and skanks everywhere I turn."

Nik grimaced. "Are they really that upsetting to you? Now, after all the years you have lived with us?"

I glared down at him. "What do you think? Should I want to have this baby and subject it to all those sluts on a daily basis? Should I let her see what you are really like; the egotistic rocker who has to have all his adoring groupies hanging off his arm while I, her mother, have to watch from the side lines?"

His head snapped back as if I had physically slapped him. "That's how you feel? Like you have to watch from the side lines?" He released my hand and cupped my face in his hands. "Don't you know that I want you beside of me? You and only you?"

My snort was not pretty. "That's pretty hard to imagine, Nik. What with yesterday and those sluts pushing me away from you so fast. And today with two skanks rubbing against you like they were in heat."

"So you are jealous!" He grinned and I wanted to punch him. Or maybe even kick him where he would feel it the most. I was debating between the two when he laughed in pure delight and I decided that smacking him felt better.

That knocked the smile off his face. He stared up at me in complete surprise, his fingers touching the angry red hand print on his face. "I'm so glad that you find rubbing those whores in my face so funny. Who the fuck cares that a little piece of my heart dies every time I see it, right?"

"Oh sweetheart." He shook his head. "You have really got to open those beautiful green eyes of yours." He took my stinging hand that was red from slapping him and kissed the aching center. "The only reason those girls were in my arms was so that I could find out the truth. Yesterday I suspected, but today confirmed it."

"What are you talking about?"

A small smile tilted up his lips. "I had to know for sure. That you feel just as deeply as I feel for you. Em, you have been driving me insane with jealousy. Do you know that I have come close to killing my best friend a hundred different times in the past six months?"

My eyes widened in surprise. "Jesse? Why would you do that?"

"For the same reasons why I went crazy when you told me you were pregnant. I didn't want anyone but me to be able to touch you. You are mine, Em. It's taken me forever to admit that to myself, but when I did I couldn't stand the idea of Jesse or Axton or someone else so much as holding your hand let alone touching you." He shook his head. "The night Ax took you to the hospital? He called me ten times before I picked up. I had watched you let him kiss you. Fuck I couldn't see straight I was so jealous. And then I played that song and expected you to jump into my arms when I walked off stage...

"But you were gone. I went crazy with rage. Stormed off and refused to answer my phone when Axton first started calling. I had no idea what had happened to you. So when I finally listened to one of the messages he left I..." He broke off, swallowing hard. "You were so sick and there I was acting like some petulant child because you weren't falling into my arms like I had been dreaming about."

Remembering his song made my heart ache. I had tried to forget that Nik was in love. "I didn't stick around long to listen to your song. I started throwing up when I realized that you were...in love." The last word came out a whisper and I had to bite my lip to keep it from trembling.

Nik leaned forward on his knees until I felt his breath on my neck. "Sweet, sweet Emmie." He murmured. "Still so blind. How can I open your eyes, baby girl? Do you need me to spell it out? Have I been such a fool in not realizing that you couldn't see just what you have done to me?" His lips brushed against the sensitive spot just below my ear, causing me to shiver. "Yes, I am in love. There is this Ember in my heart that has hold of me and won't let go." He sang the last part and tears spilled from my eyes.

I have been blind.

I have refused to see that while I was trying so desperately to hide my feelings for Nik, he has been trying to show me his own. Things have never been the same between me and him as they were between me and Jesse, Drake, or Shane. There was always some invisible string that connected us, that held onto my heart in a different location than where the others were lodged. I knew it when I came to live with them at fifteen. I knew it and I refused to see because when you have nothing you fight for everything that you do have and are too scared of losing it.

That was why my stolen night with Nik was so easy to take and keep safe in my heart. That was why it was so easy to love the baby growing inside of me. Nik and I were meant to be together.

"I love you, Em. With everything inside of me I love you. You are my favorite dream come to life and I never want to let you go." His lips caressed my eyes, sipping at my tears. "I need you to breathe. You keep the world afloat when everything is going insane."

"I have loved you for so long, Nik." I whispered. "You were my dark prince in rusty armor when I was a kid. Now you have become my reason for getting up each morning. The last few years, watching you have a revolving door of one night stands, has slowly killed me. I instantly hate any female that looks at you."

"Oh baby, I'm sorry. I had no idea." He cupped my face. "They didn't mean anything, Em. I swear it. They were just something that distracted me from doing what I knew I shouldn't. When you came to live with us I wanted you then. I thought I was turning into some demented pedophile and I hated myself." Nik blew out a frustrated sigh, and I understood his reasons for hating himself for those feelings. I wasn't the only one with a horrible childhood... "Then I realized it was just you, but that didn't make me feel any better. So I used the other girls to take my mind-and other things-off of what I wanted most."

"The dreams started a few years ago. I would wake up in the middle of the night with my dick so hard and it would take all my will power to keep from seeking out the warmth of your arms so that I could make my dreams a reality." One long finger traced the fullness of my bottom lip. "That's why our night together didn't surprise me. I just brushed it off as another dream."

"I thought you didn't know it was me. I hated myself for taking advantage of you like that. But I lived off of the memories." I tangled my fingers in his thick hair. "That night was more than I could have ever hoped for." And tonight...Tonight he was making all my dreams come true.

Nik brushed a tender kiss across my lips, lingering just for a moment before pulling away. "When you ran away from me at the mall I went a little crazy. I couldn't find you and it was the worse feeling I have ever experienced. Until tonight. Seeing that cab and realizing that you were about to leave me...My heart actually stopped, Em."

"I couldn't handle those girls hanging off you, Nik. I love you so obsessively and I thought..." Tears clogged my throat and I was unable to speak.

He kissed me again. "Just a ploy to see how jealous you were, my love. Nothing more. As soon as I saw you move away from the door I untangled them and pushed them on Jesse as soon as he came outside. I didn't stick around afterwards. I spent the rest of the evening watching Sports Center and drinking beer in the living room while I planned my next move to make you see that I am in love with you."

His words were healing every crack in my heart. I don't think I had ever been as happy as I was in that moment. Never had I dreamed that Nik and I would ever be together, and here he was giving me everything I have ever wanted.

His love!

"You aren't going to leave me are you, Em?" He whispered against my lips. He tasted so good I moaned.

I shook my head. "No, never."

Nik brushed his nose against my own. "And you love me, yes?"

"Yes." I breathed as he cupped my breast.

"Will you marry me, my Ember?" His fingers were playing with mine. Entwining, caressing.

A jolt of pure happiness went through me. My breath caught in my chest and I couldn't stop the tears that spilt from my eyes. "Yes."

Epilogue

"It's been great preforming here for you, New York!"

The crowd was going crazy, screaming for more as Nik was winding down the concert. It was a day concert, which was what most of Demon's Wings concerts were these days. Rarely on this short tour did they do a night show. But the fans were still growing strong. Just because they had changed their lifestyle did not mean that Demon's Wings had lost their fan following.

"You know that we love you all and could not do this without you." It was the way that Nik always ended a concert. Showing appreciation and making sure that the entire band got their share of limelight. "Jesse Thornton on drums loves you...Shane Stevenson on bass adores you...My man Drake over here is crazy about you." Nik touched a hand to his heart. "And you know that with the exception of my two favorite girls in the world you are my life."

I grinned when he turned and blew me a kiss, the silver ring on his left hand reflecting in the sunlight. God, I fell a little deep for that man every fucking day! "And so, with one last song we are going to leave you. But know that you will forever be in our hearts!"

"You know this song. Have requested it worldwide, making it number one for four straight months in a row. Help me out, sing along."

My heart melted as I listened to the words that had been part of our nightly time routine for the last two years. Sleeping Angel was our angel's lullaby and Mia couldn't sleep without her daddy singing it to her. But don't think that just because Nik was a father now that he was completely soft. Some people had wondered if he had lost his rocker edge when Sleeping Angel had gotten popular. Everyone had been torn up because they feared that Demon's Wings was just going to be all about oversentimental love for the women in their lives.

They didn't have to worry. Nik still had a lot of the past to write about. Just because Sleeping Angel was number one on the rock charts didn't mean that that was the only hit they had off their latest album. The music could be just as dark at times as it was sentimental.

Hearing Nik singing her favorite song, the toddler wiggled in my arms and I set her on her feet.

Before you freak out and think that I subject my toddler to a rock show, relax. We had only just left our own private bus-one that had been designed for a family traveling with a child-a little while ago after Mia had woken from her afternoon nap. But Mia always wanted to see the end of her father's shows. To say that she was a daddy's girl was a huge understatement.

It broke my heart a little that she would rather have her daddy than me, but I was learning to live with that. Nik and I have even talked about having another baby. But that was something that I wanted to wait a little longer on. Even if I was only second best to Mia, I never tired of spoiling that little girl. Having another baby right now would take away from that.

She clung to my leg, still a little frightened of the crowds that were always at a Demon's Wings concert. But as her father sat there, surrounded on stage by all the men in her life that Mia knew would never let anything hurt her she let go of me. Before I could move she went running, her chubby little legs moving faster than I had ever seen her move before.

"Daddy, Daddy, Daddy!" Mia threw herself into her father's open arms and hugged him tight as he continued to sing just for her.

"Sleep my angel." Nik's voice took on the softer tone that he reserved for Mia alone when he sang her to sleep in his arms every night.

I shook my head, knowing that the sight of the big bad rocker with the tiny little replica of me in his arms was making the females in the crowd fall deeper in love with him by the second. But I was okay with that.

Because with the exception of our angel, I was the only woman to ever hold onto Nik's heart.

