Chapter 1

Emmie

I guess I really had taught Shane-and therefore the rest of my guys-a lesson when he had tried to throw Drake a bachelor party almost two years ago. So I had no one else to blame but myself. I kept trying to remind myself of that as I pushed Mia's empty stroller through the amusement part.

Fuck, why was it so hot?

Of course, I had it better than my heavily pregnant best friend walking-waddling, really-beside me. Layla was seven months pregnant with twins. Even in the slight coolness of California's normal October weather she was sweating and sucking down cherry ICEEs as if she were dying of thirst. I wasn't sure if it was because of the heat or because she was addicted to those damned things since her cravings had started kicking her ass a few months ago.

Trailing behind me was an equally pregnant Lana, who in comparison to her older sister looked cool, calm, and radiant with her cute little baby bump. Her long black hair was shiny, her skin flawless and glowing, and her eyes a brilliant honey gold with all the happiness that seemed to blaze out of them. I wanted to hate her for looking so good when she should have been miserable like her sister was just now, but I couldn't. I loved Lana fiercely and would never let my stubbornness come between us again.

I glanced back at Lana, and the man holding her hand as they walked slowly behind me. Drake looked a little bored but he was smiling at whatever his pregnant wife was murmuring as she pointed out a group of people standing in line to get their pictures taken with Shrek and Fiona. They looked good together, happier than I had ever seen them. Even as miserable as I was feeling just now, the sight of Drake so happy made me smile.

I turned my eyes back to the two men walking in front of me. Jesse was wearing a T-shirt that Layla had bought on our shopping spree through Universal the evening before. A Shrek shirt that said, "Just Another Bald Sexy Guy" in green. Beside him walked his adopted daughter, Lucy, who was eating ice cream on a stick shaped like Sponge Bob. Lucy held onto her dad's hand as they led the way toward one of the rides she just had to ride today because we were going home in the morning. It was Nik, however, that my eyes couldn't help straying toward. In his favorite pair of jeans that I had bought him five years ago that hung low on his hips and a light gray T-shirt that stretched across his chest making my mouth water. Damn, my husband looked yummy.

"Is that a good Popsicle, Mia?" Nik asked and I had to bite my lip to keep from laughing. He was carrying Mia on his shoulders. Our daughter's rainbow Popsicle was melting because she was more interested in watching everything around her than actually eating the cool, sweet treat that her Uncle Jesse had bought for her. Nik had sugary sweet gel in his hair courtesy of the Popsicle.

"It's yummy, Daddy," Mia assured her father as she took a tiny lick before turning her attention back to what looked like a vendor selling Despicable Me hats. She already had three, one of which was currently on her auburn head in such a precarious position that it was a wonder that it still remained there.

"I have to pee... again," Layla muttered as she glanced around for a street sign that would let us know where the closest bathrooms were.

"We're close to a restroom," Harper assured her as she and Shane stepped around Drake with a new bottle of water for me.

I stopped to take a sip of the cool water, feeling my stomach roiling for the hundredth time in the last hour. It was my own fault, I kept reminding myself.

My guys had learned through Shane that bachelor parties were a no-go with their women. I had beat that into their heads with the way I had helped Harper and Lana when Shane had decided to throw a 'surprise' party for Drake right before he had married Lana. So what had Harper and Shane decided to do when it came time to celebrate their upcoming wedding?

Three days at Universal Studios.

Three. Freaking. Days.

I was sick of seeing Shrek and his gang. Last night as we had walked through Universal Studios with Halloween Horror Nights creatures walking the streets, I had even thrown up all over a Walking Dead zombie when he had tried to scare me.

Okay, so it was really whatever bug I had picked up, but it made me feel marginally better to blame it on the theme park and the many characters that went with them.

"Look, Layla!" Lucy's excited voice called back to her sister/adoptive mother.

Layla smiled at the nine-year-old despite obviously being so uncomfortable. "You and Dad go on, baby."

Jesse shot her a look of concern but she waved him on as Lucy tugged him toward the ride. "I'm fine, Jess. Take her."

"Baby, I'm going to take Mia on this one," Nik called back to me.

I swallowed my nausea and nodded. "Okay. Love you." I glanced at Mia, offering her a smile. When my purple-mouthed baby smiled back, I blew her a kiss. "Love you, Mia."

"Love you more, Momma."

My heart melted as I watched my two favorite people on the planet walk away. It was hard to comprehend that they were both mine... As soon as they were out of sight my smile disappeared and I leaned my head down as I fought another wave of nausea. Sweat beaded on my forehead and upper lip. Thank gods we were going home in the morning.

"Okay, that's it." I glanced up at Layla. She had a hand on one of her curvy hips and a stubborn look on her gorgeous face. "You're going back to the hotel. You can barely keep water down."

I grimaced, trying to put on my game face. I could handle a little bit of nausea for a few more hours. "I'm fine."

Harper stepped up beside Layla, and Lana came up to flank her other side. I mentally sighed, knowing that my girls were ganging up on me. "You're pale and pouring the sweat," Lana told me. "It's not that hot out here, Em."

My eyes went to Layla who was flushed from the heat. "Layla would disagree."

"Layla is seven months pregnant with twin giants," Harper argued. "She would be hot at the North Pole. You're sick, Em. That bug that was going around Mia's preschool is kicking your ass."

"I'll be fine." I glanced over my girls' heads to two of my guys standing behind them. Drake and Shane wore similar expressions of concern mixed with determination. "Tell them I will be fine."

"The last time I saw you this sick you ended up in the hospital." Drake's eyes looked haunted as he remembered that scary night when Axton Cage had to take me to the hospital after I had passed out.

"Listen to them, Em," Shane urged. When I remained silent, stubbornly wanting to hold my ground, he brought out the big guns. "The wedding is in two days. You don't want to miss it if you get worse."

I bit my lip. I couldn't miss Shane's wedding. The one day I thought would never happen was less than forty-eight hours away. I would never forgive myself if I weren't able to take care of all the last minute things I knew would need my attention if I was still sick-or worse. My shoulders drooped as I relented. "Okay..."

"Come on. I'll go back with you," Layla offered, taking another long sip of her cool drink from the thick straw. "My feet are throbbing."

"I want to tell Nik I'm going." I wanted to see Mia's face when she got off the ride. She was always excited to see me when she got off one of the many toddler-friendly rides.

Harper and Lana gently pushed me toward the park exit. "We can take care of Nik. And Mia."

Harper lifted her camera, something that seemed like another appendage of hers. "I'll even take a thousand pictures for you. You won't miss anything."

Layla

By the time we got back to the hotel, my feet felt like they were the size of watermelons. I dropped down on the closest couch as I entered the penthouse suite right behind Emmie. We had both penthouses, which took up the whole top floor, and that was a good thing since it had a total of eight bedrooms for the wedding party to choose from.

As I propped my feet up on the closest coffee, table I let out a relieved sigh and leaned my head back against the back of the couch. Just as I closed my eyes, I heard Emmie retching from the hall bathroom. Poor Em had picked up that horrible bug that had been going around Mia's preschool. Both Mia and Nik had had it just the week before but it had taken longer for Emmie to get it. The bug had probably been too scared to infect that little spitfire and had waited until her back was turned before invading and conquering.

"Is she still throwing up?"

I opened my eyes to find Natalie, Shane and Drake's sister, coming out of one of the bedrooms down the hallway. When I had first met this girl-whom I considered as much a sister-in-law as Emmie and Harper-I knew that she was going to make life more interesting. She looked so much like Drake and Shane who were the male versions of beautiful, and Natalie was drop dead gorgeous. Seriously, no one person had the right to look that beautiful.

Natalie had become Emmie's assistant more than a year ago. Since Emmie had taken over as Demon's Wings' manager, Natalie had become a godsend, especially with Drake on the East Coast for America's Rocker at least three months out of the year. I hoped that Emmie would hire at least one more assistant to take some more of the stress off her shoulders, but Em being Em, I knew she was going to do it all herself whether she hired someone else or not.

"Yeah. We had to make her come back and rest," I told her.

"I hope she isn't going to go out with us tonight. That zombie nearly went mental when she tossed her cookies on him last night." A smile teased at Natalie's lips as she dropped down beside me, tucking her feet under her as she turned to face me. "I thought Jesse was going to burst a gut he was laughing so hard."

"I wish I had been there." Lana and I hadn't been able to go with them the last two nights. Halloween Horror Nights at Universal Studios wasn't exactly the place for a pregnant woman. Lana had been pissed when she found out that she and Drake wouldn't be joining everyone else for the fright nights of fun. She loved horror movies.

"You didn't miss that much," Natalie assured me, pushing her dark hair back from her face. "Axton drank too much and of course Linc was trolling for tail. I wish Dallas had been able to come earlier. I miss that bitch."

A grin split my face at the thought of Dallas Bradshaw. That girl was hell on wheels and we had welcomed her into our strange family with open arms when Lana had been living with her and Harper back in New York. Dallas was supposed to join us today and go out with the guys tonight, but we had missed her over the last two days. The girl had been crazy busy over the last two years with nursing school and we had rarely seen her during that time. But now she was an RN and able to breathe again after the stress of the prestigious nursing school was behind her.

Natalie and Linc had flown out a few days early so they could have fun with us at Universal Studios, leaving their roommate to follow today since she was working at the busiest ER in all of New York until the end of the year. "I'm sure the fun will only begin once Dallas gets here," I told Natalie with a wink.

"You know it." When Emmie's retching turned to dry heaves, Natalie stood to go check on her. "Em, this isn't good."

"I'm fine," she called weakly through the door. "Just get me some lemons. That always helps."

Yeah, those lemons did help. They had helped me through the worst of my morning sickness. Some mornings I hadn't been able to even get out of bed until I sucked on a lemon...

I gasped and stood with some difficulty. Oh. Shit. "Em!" I exclaimed.

Something in my voice must have frightened Emmie because she rushed out of the bathroom as I hurried toward it. "What is it?" she demanded. "Are you hurting?"

I shook my head, patting my ever-growing stomach as I continued toward her. "I'm fine. No, it's you that I..." I stopped and bit my lip, wondering if I was losing my mind and making something out of nothing. Maybe it really was just the bug that Nik and Mia had had.

"What?" Emmie demanded, looking pale. Her hands were trembling and I knew she was dehydrated.

Jesse had told me all about how sick Emmie had been when she was pregnant with Mia. They had been freaked out because Em wasn't one to get sick easily. "Could you be pregnant, Em?"

Big green eyes grew even larger in that beautiful, pale face of hers. "What?" She shook her head and frowned. "No. No... I mean..." she broke off, looking stunned and even paler.

Natalie was already heading toward her room. "It's always a possibility. I mean, look at what she is married to. The way those two are always all over each other it wouldn't surprise me. I'm going to go down to the shop and see if they have a pregnancy test."

Fifteen minutes later Emmie was sitting on the couch between me and Natalie as we waited for the results of the three pee sticks in front of us. We had to wait three minutes and the wait was making Emmie shake. "I'm just starting to get closer to Mia," she whispered. "And I'm so busy. So fucking busy. How will I handle another baby and Mia on top of all of the things I have planned for the guys? And Axton? We just signed a contract with OtherWorld."

Natalie sent me a look over Emmie's auburn head. This wasn't the Emmie we knew and loved; this was the close-to-emotional-melt-down Emmie who I remembered from her post-partum days. Pregnancy fucked Em's hormones up to the point that one minute she was fine and the next she was an emotional mess and the next she was about to rip someone's throat out with her bare hands. I knew what those three pee sticks were going to say even before the timer on my iPhone started buzzing.

"I can't look," Emmie murmured and ran back to the bathroom.

Natalie picked up one of the digital tests as I did the same with the other. Flashing back at me was the word I knew was going to throw Emmie for a loop.

Pregnant.

Chapter 2

Lana

Drake was laughing.

I didn't think there was a sound that could bring a smile to my lips faster than the sound of his sexy laugh. I turned my head, only half listening to Harper as she told me about the cake that she had picked out for the wedding in two days. My heart stuttered for a moment when I saw him. Gods, would it ever not do that just looking at him? Fuck, I hoped not.

He was standing in line with Mia in his arms as they waited for their turn to order popcorn and cold drinks. His hair was nearly as long as Mia's was now, and I had to admit that I loved every sexy inch of that dark hair. I spent hours every day combing my fingers through that hair as he lay his head on my ever-growing stomach and sang "Sleeping Angel" to our little angel in my stomach.

Mia said something and Drake's head was tossed back as he laughed again. I loved watching him with her. He was so head-over-heels in love with our little niece that I knew with everything in me that he was going to be a great father. Just thinking about him holding our little girl when she finally joined us was enough to make my eyes sting with happy tears.

As if feeling my eyes on him, Drake turned his head and met my gaze. I saw those blue-gray eyes darken with need and then concern when he saw my tears. I mouthed, "I love you," and the tension seemed to leave his shoulders before they even fully tensed.

"Crap, Lana," Harper muttered beside me. "You guys make it hotter out here every time he looks at you."

I couldn't help grinning as I looked back her. "Says the woman who let sex-on-legs talk her into a quickie in the private family bathroom not two hours ago."

It didn't surprise me that after two years of dating the wildest sex addict in the rock world, Harper could still blush so prettily. I was sure that Shane loved it for an entirely different reason. My brother-in-law was crazy over my best friend and had straightened up his shit quick once he realized that Harper was his happily ever after.

"You wouldn't have said no either, if it had been Drake doing the tempting."

I laughed. "Nope. Wouldn't even hesitate."

"Ladies," Nik chided as he turned from watching Jesse and Lucy go down the water slide for the third time in the last hour. Thank gods we got Front of Line Pass as a perk for staying at a hotel on site. The way my little sister kept finding rides that she liked, she would have been standing in line for hours to ride them as many times as she had been if we hadn't had them. "I love you both, but I don't need my head filled with you two having sex with those dickheads."

I hugged him. When I had first met Nik I never would have thought that I would come to care about him as much as I did. He was as much my brother-in-law as Shane and Jesse were. "Just like we didn't need to hear you and Emmie going at it all night last night, stud." I grinned up at him. "And as sick as she has been, too. Wow. You both have some serious stamina."

I wasn't sure, but I thought that he was blushing. That made me crack up and I was wiping my tears away as he looked anywhere but at me and Harper. Nik Armstrong, blushing? It didn't get much funnier than that. He had been-and still was-one of the most lusted after rockers in the world. I knew for a fact that he had been nearly as wild as Shane had been when it came to all those groupie skanks. But now he was in deep with Emmie and I knew that he would cut off his own dick to make her happy.

"What's so funny?" Shane demanded as he came up behind us with a turkey leg in each hand. "Baby, you sure you don't want anything to eat?" he asked Harper as he handed me one of the turkey legs.

"I'm good." She wrinkled her nose at the smell of the turkey leg, but my mouth was already watering before I could even take a bite. Damned pregnancy cravings.

"So, what had you two rolling over here?" Shane asked as he wrapped his now free arm around Harper's waist.

I pointed my turkey leg at Nik. "We were critiquing Nik on his stamina last night. And he's actually blushing."

"Lana!" Shane covered his ears. "I don't need pictures of him and Em haunting me. That's so fucked up."

I snickered again but didn't say anything else because my mouth was too full of deliciously roasted meat. Nik grumbled something under his breath and pulled his phone from his pocket. "I really hate you bitches sometimes."

"Love you, too," I assured him.

By the time Jesse and Lucy finally gave up on the water slide, I had given up on teasing Nik. Lucy was starting to lose some of her steam and Jesse was carrying her by the time we decided to head back to the hotel. I was glad to get back to the hotel and the penthouse that we had been calling home the last two nights.

In the elevator I snuggled into Drake. His arms came around me instantly and my panties grew damp when one big hand skimmed down my back and squeezed my ass. I made a small purring sound that I didn't even know I could make and felt his dick harden against my thick stomach. With both Lucy and Mia asleep in their fathers' arms, I wasn't going to think twice about kissing him.

Lifting up on the tips of my toes, I licked his bottom lip. "I love you," I whispered against his neck. "I love you."

Jesse made a growling noise and I shot him a mock glare. "You don't see me making rude noises when you go all ape over my sister, do you?"

"I still don't see what you see in that asshole." But his ever-changing eyes were lit with amusement and I knew that all that old anger he had held against Drake was long gone. "But I guess you're stuck with him."

Drake's hand tightened on my ass. "And I thank all of Em's gods every day for that."

As soon as the elevator opened up on the top floor, I was ready to take Drake into our room and do naughty things to him. But it seemed that the universe had other plans for us.

As soon as we opened the door to the first penthouse it seemed like we had walked into a war zone. The first thing I noticed was the luggage sitting by the door. Then her country accent filled my ears and my heart twisted because I had missed Dallas like crazy. I hadn't gotten to see much of her in the last few months because she had been so busy with her final semester of nursing school.

The growling voice of Axton Cage greeted me next and I let out a sad sigh. I had my suspicions on why Dallas had called it quits with the rock god, but she had never really admitted anything to me. I suspected that Harper knew but we were both too loyal to talk about it without first talking to Dallas.

Harper grabbed my hand and pulled me through the penthouse, eager to stop the argument and to see our friend. When I caught sight of her for the first time in what had to be months my mouth fell open. It just wasn't fair that she was so beautiful. Even tattooed and pierced as she was, that girl was hot as fuck and if I ever decided to go that way, I would so hit that.

"Dallas!" Harper exclaimed when she saw the woman who had been her rock growing up. "Fuck, I've missed you!" She threw her arms around the blonde, and inked up arms wrapped instantly around Harper's waist, holding on tight.

I watched Axton as he kept his gaze trained on Dallas. He hadn't been the same since Dallas had broken it off with him. Maybe it was because I had gotten to know him so much better over the last few years, but I had seen that his eyes had lost some of their light. I had noticed that when he thought the world wasn't watching, he looked almost depressed at times.

Sure he had been carrying on like he didn't even remember Dallas's name. I had seen him leaving the studio with groupie after groupie when America's Rocker was done recording for the day. But I could see that he just wasn't happy. I felt sorry for him, actually.

Now, with Dallas in the same room with him, despite her just gutting him with words I was sure that I would need a dictionary on country slang to understand, I saw more life in his eyes than I had seen in what felt like forever. I didn't know if it was a good thing or not, but I was hoping that Axton got his head out of his ass soon and would try to get his girl back.

Harper

"Bitch, I missed you!"

I laughed and hugged Dallas tighter. "I missed you too."

"Dallas!"

We turned to see Linc coming into the penthouse, dressed in nothing more than a pair of basketball shorts. He pulled us both into his arms, swinging us around like we weighed nothing at all. To him, we probably didn't. I clung to his shoulder with one arm while I wrapped the other around Dallas's shoulders.

My eyes closed, savoring this. It felt so good to have them right there holding me just then. For a long time these two were my only family other than my stepdad. Dallas, and then later on Linc, had been my rocks. There wasn't anything I wouldn't do for either one of them.

"Dude, I'm getting seriously jealous over here." I heard Shane chuckle from somewhere behind me.

Linc let us go and turned to face my fiance. "Ah, sorry bro. I'll hug you too." He winked and everyone burst out laughing.

"I'd watch that," Dallas said and glanced from one hot guy to the other, taking Linc and Shane in from head to toe. "Yeah, I'd pay good money to watch that."

"Well I wouldn't," Natalie said as she came into the living room from the direction of the bedrooms. "That's just gross. He's my brother."

Shane wrapped his hands around my waist and I melted against him. It was still hard to believe that he was going to be my husband in two days. I felt like an entire lifetime had passed since he had first kissed me and ran for the hills. We had come so far in the past two years, but my love for him only seemed to grow with each passing day.

"Okay, I need a shower and lots of water. I need hydration after that long-ass flight." Dallas picked up her cosmetics bag and lifted the handle on her huge roller bag. "Where am I sleepin'? And if you say with douchebag over there, I'm throwin' someone out the window."

"It's a king sized bed, hotness," Axton said and winked at her, acting his normal conceited self. "And you don't take up too much room."

Natalie stepped forward before Dallas could drop her bags and punch him-if that was what she happened to do. Knowing Dallas, it was hard to tell what she could have done to him. A knee to the balls. A punch to the face. Maybe even suck his face. She was always surprising me. "My room has two queens. If you want to stay in my room, that's cool."

"Or mine," Linc assured her. "I don't mind sharing."

Dallas nodded. "I'll go in with Nat. She doesn't snore."

"We were planning on just ordering room service for dinner," Lana told her. "So take your time. I'll order you a steak or would you rather have pizza?"

"Both. I'm starvin'." She gave Lana a peck on the cheek and followed Nat down the hall. "And tea. Extra sweet."

"Extra sweet," three people said at the exact same time as she did. I wasn't surprised that one of them was Axton. Natalie and Linc shot him a grin and Dallas turned to give him the finger before disappearing down the hallway.

Nik disappeared down the same hall and a few minutes later Layla joined us. After ordering what seemed like enough food to feed a small country, we settled down and watched television while we waited. With Lucy still sleeping soundly in her room and Mia conked out too, everyone was quiet. I sat on Shane's lap who was seated between Drake who had a half-sleepy Lana draped over him, and Layla who was getting a foot massage from the beast of a rocker sitting on the floor in front of her. If it hadn't been so cute I might have laughed at the sight of the bad-ass rocker doing something so sweet for his very pregnant wife.

Linc, Natalie, and Axton took up the other couch and I let my eyes drift to the rock god. Because of my loyalty to Dallas, I hadn't let myself get too close with him after their breakup. Sure, because Axton was such close friends with Shane and Drake, we had all hung out a lot. But I just hadn't bothered to get to know him better. In my opinion he was a dick, having torn Dallas apart because he was still in love with Gabriella Moreitti. And he still saw that bitch from time to time from what I had heard at work. Just a few weeks ago one of my photographers had gotten a picture of him walking out of a hotel with her and his bandmates.

Shane tugged on a lock of my hair, forcing my attention back to him. He gave me that sexy as hell grin I love so much and I didn't try to resist the temptation to kiss him. "If I weren't so hungry, I'd beg you to take me to bed," I whispered in his ear, making my man practically tremble as I let my teeth skim over his lobe. "But I'm starving and after that mind-blowing session back in the park, I need nourishment before I will be able to go again."

"Where is that damned waiter?" Shane demanded to no one in particular and I giggled as I snuggled closer to him. "I'm ready to eat."

"Calm down, brother," Drake told him. "They said forty-five minutes and it's only been twenty."

The food arrived ten minutes later, and I signed the receipt making sure that the waiter got a generous tip for being so quick. I wanted-needed!-some alone time with Shane before we went out for the night. This was our last night over at the Halloween Horror Nights and I wanted to thank him for being so strong as we walked through all the houses, something I have always wanted to do. Some of the houses had some serious gore to them, and Shane and gore... Yeah, that didn't mix well.

Shane had been the one to suggest this as our bachelor/bachelorette party, knowing that Halloween was possibly my favorite time of the year. I had a thing for scary movies, and getting to walk through the houses with some of my favorite horror characters was just short of paradise for me. He was always thinking of me, always giving me what I wanted before I even realized I wanted it.

Why had it taken me so long to realize that this man loved me unconditionally?

Feeling a little sad-and yeah, maybe a little mad at myself for all I had put him through-I picked at my food, no longer hungry.

Strong fingers grasped my chin gently, lifting my head to meet that blue-gray gaze that never failed to melt me inside and out. Shane didn't say a word, just raised his brow. I swallowed hard, feeling stupid and emotional and just wanting him to make love to me. I bit my lip, and he growled, "Love you, beautiful."

"Bed," I whispered.

That was all it took. That one word and he was up and I was being flung over his shoulder in one graceful move. "Later!" he called over his shoulder on his way to the door so that we could get back to the second penthouse and our room.

"Harp!" I raised my head to find Dallas coming back into the living room. She was freshly showered and dressed to make Axton suffer. There could be no other excuse for what she had on. A pair of cutoff jean shorts that could be described as nothing but Daisy Dukes. A top that tied around her neck and her back that showcased the fact that she wasn't wearing a bra. Not that she needed one. Girl had the perfect rack and I half hated her for it. Her tattoos were abundant and just enhanced her long limbs. Her piercings only drew a person's eye to her beautiful face. "You're leaving me? I just got here, you bitch."

I grinned. "I'll be back."

"Maybe," Shane muttered, smacking a big hand across my ass, causing my sex to clench with need. "Depends."

Dallas

As soon as the door closed behind Harper, I flopped down on the couch beside Lana who was still curled up on Drake's lap. I rolled my eyes at her. "You're pregnant, woman. Not helpless. Drake, dude, let her feed herself at least."

That just got me a giggle from my friend and a frown from her husband, as he lifted yet another bite of what looked like eggplant parmesan to her lips. I rolled my eyes again, figuring I would be doing that a lot over the next few days. Linc, seated on the floor in front of the coffee table, slid a covered plate and a box of pizza toward me and I grabbed it up, smelling the Texas toast, mashed potatoes, and steak as well as the garlic of the pizza sauce before I even lifted the lids.

"Steak sauce?" I asked to the room at large around a mouthful of pizza. I had to have it or the whole meal was going to be ruined. Not for the steak, but for my toast.

"Here, babe."

My eyes snapped up from my plate to Axton, who was holding the steak sauce and offering it to me. The bitch in me wanted to say screw it-I didn't need that steak sauce that bad. I didn't want to even touch the bottle after he'd had his hands on it. But the hungry, exhausted person that I was already snatching it from him and drizzling it over my toast, trying to avoid touching the place his hand had just been. I didn't offer a thanks, or look in his direction again.

Unable to cut the steak and hold the plate steady at the same time, I picked the steak up whole and took a decent sized bite of the perfectly prepared medium steak. The meat was juicy and some dripped down my chin. I smirked before wiping it away. If only my mother could see me now! Damn, she would have a coronary watching me eat with my fingers.

"Quick, someone take my picture!" I pulled my phone from my pocket. Natalie caught it when I tossed it her way and I lifted the steak, tearing into it like a barbarian. Laughing, Natalie started punching away on the touch screen, already knowing what I had planned for the picture.

"Don't you think you should stop pissing your mother off so much?" Natalie said even as she was hitting send on the text she had just typed. "I'm about fed up with her calling the apartment just to bitch."

I hadn't known Natalie as long as I had everyone else in the room, so she didn't know even a third of what my mother had put me through growing up. Sure, she knew some of the bigger things-forcing me into pageants when we lived in Texas, followed by signing my life away to some modeling agent when I had been 'discovered'-but barely anything else. So I refrained from jumping down her throat. Instead I just shrugged and kept eating my steak, dipping it in the potatoes from time to time.

"Dallas could never piss her mother off enough," Linc told Natalie. "The next time she calls to bitch to you, tell her how happy Dallas is. That will really piss her off."

Yeah, that was probably the truest statement ever made about my mother. She hated how happy I was, living my life the way I wanted to instead of how she had imagined me living it. Her plans had been for me to keep modeling-even though she knew I hated it. Maybe start an acting career-although I couldn't act to save my life. Marry some Hollywood-type guy who had a big name and even bigger wallet. All the things she wished she could have done if she had been pretty enough.

Instead I had destroyed my body-her words, not mine-with my ink and piercings. And then I had worked my ass off to get into one of the best nursing schools in America. A school that had required every spare moment I possibly could have had in the last two years. Seriously, Linc had had to do my laundry because I hadn't had the time to! After graduating at the top of my class, and suffering through clinical training at one of the busiest hospitals in New York, I now had my license and was an RN-something I had been dreaming about since I was a little girl.

You would have thought that a mother would be proud of her daughter for working hard in a respected career. Not my mother. She hated the thought of me being around sick people all day, every day. Not even the thought of my possibly finding a doctor to marry had pleased her. Doctors made good money, sure. But then again, so did my father who was a big shot cattle baron in Texas. Money wasn't what my mother cared about-not the most.

It was the fame. The popularity. My mom wanted to be famous by association.

I could have given her that, by being with Axton. Only Ax wasn't the right type of famous for her. He was only known as the rock god from OtherWorld. She didn't think he would be able to keep up the fame once he was older, and that just wouldn't do for my dear mother.

When my steak was gone I licked my fingers and picked up the glass of sweet tea. After a small sip I realized that no one knew how to order it right, or maybe Californians just didn't know how to fix good tea. "This shit sucks." I put it down and reached for Linc's Diet Coke.

Stomach full, I sat back and took inventory of the room. The two kids were missing and so were Emmie and Nik. "Where's the redhead?" I loved that bitch!

Layla sighed. "She isn't feeling well..."

"It's a bug," Lana told me, wiping her mouth with a napkin. "I don't think she will be going out with you guys tonight."

"Well, hell." I had been looking forward to spending time with Emmie nearly as much as I had Harper. "Should I check on her? If she's sick maybe I can help?"

Natalie and Layla shared a look that I didn't miss before Natalie shook her head. Something was going on. "Nah, I think she's good for now. Maybe if she's still not better in the morning you could talk to her."

Everyone was just finishing up their meal when Nik appeared, looking stressed. "Anyone want to tell me why she's been crying? She won't talk to me."

Layla and Natalie shared another look then shook their heads after coming to some kind of silent agreement. "Nope. No idea," Layla told him, offering a small convincing smile. "She's just exhausted, Nik. Between Mia being sick last week, the wedding, this trip and adding to her work load she is dragging. Natalie helps her, but Emmie needs at least one more assistant. At least one more. Make it happen."

Nik grimaced. "How am I supposed to do that? She's so stubborn..."

Natalie shrugged. "I know what she needs in an assistant. I could find her a few. Let her weed out the ones she doesn't think will suit her. But I'll need your okay before I can do that. Or she'll have my ass in a sling aimed for New York before I've even made a phone call."

I watched as Nik shared a look with Jesse. They seemed to have their own private conversation with that look alone. Jesse was the patriarch of the family if there was one. The father figure that they all seemed to need, Emmie especially. After a moment Nik finally nodded. "Take care of it, Nat. ASAP."

Chapter 3

Nik

Emmie wasn't talking to me. Instead she was dozing, and waking up to cry, only to fall back to sleep almost immediately.

After three hours of it I was holding onto my sanity by my fingernails and quickly losing my grip. Muttering a curse under my breath I went into our bathroom and started filling up the tub. If she wasn't going to talk to me-tell me what was wrong and how I could fix it-then I would at least make her comfortable.

Layla and Natalie were right. Emmie had worked herself into exhaustion. I was pissed at myself for not seeing it before now. For ignoring the signs and letting her continue like she had been for so long. I was supposed to be taking care of my wife and I had only let her make herself sick. Of course, Emmie had been working this hard since nearly the time she was fifteen, and I was so used to her stubbornness that I hadn't wanted to get in her way and get on her bad side. But this shit was ridiculous and starting right this minute I was going to fix it.

Once the water was the right temperature I filled it with the lavender and honey scented bubble bath that the hotel had provided and let the water and bubbles rise. Then I went back into our bedroom and lifted my half-asleep wife. There were dried tears on her cheeks, and lines on her face from the trail they had traveled. I pressed my lips to her temple and carefully undressed her.

My body reacted instantly to the sight of a naked Emmie leaning against me weakly. I couldn't resist letting my hands caress her full breasts and perfect ass before lifting her and placing her in the bathtub. She didn't say a word as I dropped down on my knees beside her and started washing her with the loofa.

"I love you, Em," I whispered, pressing a kiss to the top of her head. "Whatever's bothering you, we can work through it. Okay? We can rule the world as long as we work together, baby."

Her chin trembled and another tear fell from those eyes that never failed to mesmerize me. "I'm scared, Nik," she whispered.

I dropped the loofa and cupped her face in my soapy hands. "Of what, sweetheart? Tell me what's going through that beautiful head of yours. I bet I can help you if you would just talk to me."

She pressed her cheek into my left hand, obviously seeking comfort. "We've discussed having another baby. I want one, really I do... But I thought we had more time..."

Everything inside of me stilled. I was sure that my heart had actually stopped. The air in my chest seemed to rush out and I was left panting as I looked down into those big, green eyes. "Are you telling me that you're pregnant, Em?"

Another tear spilled free and she nodded. "Pretty sure of it, at least."

"Fuck." The grin that spread across my face was involuntary. "Fuck, that's... perfect." I pulled her out of the tub and onto my lap. Not caring that she was soaking wet or that she had girly-smelling bubbles all over her. It didn't matter that I had just flooded the bathroom in my rush to get her into my arms. Nothing. Fucking. Mattered. Except having her in my arms and kissing the breath out of her.

The feel of her trembling was what stopped me from taking her then and there. I lifted my head, my heart pounding so hard that my chest was shaking. "What's wrong?"

"You're happy about this? Really happy?"

I lifted a brow at her. "Of course I'm happy about this. I want another baby. Another clone that looks and acts just like you running around would make my life even more complete than it already is, baby girl." But I could see in her eyes that she was still struggling with the news.

"Life is so crazy right now, Nik," she murmured, biting into that lip in a way that made me want to lick away the sting she was causing it. "Between Demon's Wings and OtherWorld, plus taking care of Mia... How will I have time for another baby?"

"By accepting help when you need it." I stroked my hand over her naked back. "I told Natalie to find you a few assistants." Her eyes got so big that they nearly bugged out of her pretty head and I couldn't help but chuckle. "She's going to hire several and you can get rid of the ones who don't work out, okay? And I think we need a nanny..."

"No! No way. I'm Mia's mother. I take care of her. Not some stranger." She tried to pull away, but I tightened my arms around her. "Nik, I can't have some stranger raising our baby."

"Babies," I corrected, letting my hand skim over her breast and down her abdomen to rest low where our child was even now growing inside of her. New tears filled her eyes and I sighed. "Emmie, a nanny won't be raising our children. You and I will be doing that. The nanny will just be there to assist when you are busy. She can live in the guest house, that way we have the house to ourselves at night. And we can get someone with a degree or some shit like that. Like an ex-teacher or something. I don't know, but someone who will be able to help the kids with school and crap. That shit will come in handy when they get older and we're touring all the time. Mia and this baby won't fall behind from all the traveling we will be doing."

She rested her head on my chest, but didn't say anything. I was sure that she was going to veto the need for a nanny and I was already working on a good argument to convince her otherwise when she finally nodded. "You're right. Someone with an early childhood degree will be good. But not someone who is some stick-in-the-mud. No old biddy, schoolmarm. I'll look into it."

A relieved breath rushed out of me. "I can't believe you gave in on that so easily."

She raised her head and I saw a small smile teasing at the corners of that kiss-me mouth of hers. "You don't have bad ideas all the time, babe. This is one of those times. Thanks for helping me."

I grinned and kissed her lips quick and hard. "So...we're having another baby."

Her eyes were darkened again but I could see the acceptance in the green depths now, and her hand covered mine on her lower stomach. "Yeah. We're having another baby."

"We'll stop at two," I promised her and she let out a relieved sigh. "Two is the perfect number. Especially if this turns out to be a girl. I don't think I could handle more than three of you running around at the same time."

"I want a boy," she murmured, her fingers caressing her skin now. "And I want to call him Jagger."

My eyes widened. "Jagger?"

Emmie nodded, a full-on smile crossing her face and lighting up her eyes. "Yes. It's going to be a boy and we are calling him Jagger."

I threw my head back, laughing so hard it came from my soul. Stubborn, beautiful Emmie. I knew she would end up getting her way. "So, this time we have a name before we have a baby. I can work with that." Lifting her until her stomach met my lips I kissed where the baby was. "You hear that, Jagger? Mommy says you're a boy. Better make sure she gets what she wants, buddy."

Jesse

"Layla!"

Long, cinnamon-colored hair was spread across my waist. Warm, soft fingers stroking over my dick in a way that only she knew would make me beg. I clenched my jaw to keep from yelling her name. Lucy and Mia were sleeping and I didn't want to wake either of them up. Every muscle in my body was shaking, ready to let go and come in that sinful mouth that I loved nearly as much as the woman it belonged to.

Her giggle vibrated around my dick and I choked back another groan. "Hush," she whispered, lifting her head long enough to scold me. "I'm having fun, Jesse."

"You're killing me here, baby," I gritted out as her hand kept stroking me even as she looked up at me through those thick lashes. "Please, Layla. At least let me touch you."

She pouted, sticking that bottom lip out in way that made me want to devour that beautiful mouth. "But I can't enjoy your pleasure as much when you make me so mindless. Let me get you off and then you can do whatever you want... Whatever you want, babe."

Her head lowered again and the first flick of her tongue over my engorged tip had me gripping the sheets underneath me to keep from tangling my hands in that glorious hair. Fuck! I wanted to be buried deep inside of her. Wanted to be driving us both crazy as I pounded toward release. But my babies were making that impossible lately. There wasn't enough room in there for the twins and my cock too. The last time I had been inside my wife she had been uncomfortable for two days and the doctor had suggested that we forgo sex for the next few months.

No sex. That didn't mean I couldn't eat my favorite flavor of pussy every night for a midnight snack. Which I did. Morning. Noon. Night. Layla was needy all day long. I was having trouble deciding what I was enjoying more about this pregnancy. The bigger tits that Layla now had. The more rounded, curvy body that gave me more to hold onto. Or the hormones that made her near insatiable with wanting me.

Layla twisted her wrist as she stroked me and did something with her tongue that had me grabbing the pillow beside my head and covering my face to muffle my sudden growl as my release consumed me. She swallowed every drop, licking the tip clean. Then she was lying with her head on my chest, her ever-growing belly pressed against my side and I could feel them dancing inside of her.

I pulled her close, kissing the top of her head as I tried to catch my breath. "I love you."

"Love you more," she murmured, sounding sleepy.

"Don't you dare fall asleep!" I flipped her onto her back, pushing pillows behind her to make her comfortable. She grinned up at me but her eyes were still at half-mast. "I'm going to suck on that pretty little clit until you can't stand it anymore and beg for my fingers. When you come, and the sheets are soaked with your orgasm, then you can sleep."

"Yes, Big Daddy," she murmured with a giggle.

The giggle quickly turned into a moan as I tore her cotton panties off and spread her thighs wide. I leaned back on my knees as I took all of her in. Her bra pushed her tits up high, making me ache to play with them all night long. Her stomach was distended, the outline of a foot or maybe a hand from one of our babies quivering underneath. Her belly button was pushed out, and I had never known that that was something that would be sexy. But it sure fucking was.

"I haven't seen my vagina in at least a month." She looked a little self-conscious as I continued to stare down at her beautiful body. "Is something going on down there that I need to know about?"

I let out a soul deep laugh. That was the way it always felt these days. My very soul was happy. It was all thanks to Layla and the family she had given me. Without her, Lucy, and Lana then my life would have an empty void that I never would have known how to fill. "Nope. Nothing going on down here. Yet." I dived into her pussy, inhaling that sweet, aroused scent that made me hard all over again. "But I promise there will definitely be something going on in just a second."

"Oh... Oh dear Gods!" she moaned as I licked from bottom to top, drinking up every drop of her desire as I let my tongue twirl around her clit. My jaw was scruffy from not having shaved today and I let it caress her sensitive thighs, driving her need for me up a few more notches.

Layla's nails scraped across my bald head, her legs trembling from the force of the orgasm I was building deep inside of her. I sucked her clit into my mouth, nipped at it with my teeth. She was panting; her little cries muffled with her left hand over her mouth. I sucked harder, needing to bring my woman the pleasure she had just given me.

"Jess... Please..."

I thrust one finger inside of her carefully. She was so close, her inner walls already starting to contract around my finger. I added a second, stretching her, searching for her hidden G-spot. When I found it she erupted and my fingers were suddenly drenched with her release. I lifted my head so I could watch her.

Her head was tossed back, her eyes scrunched closed, as she tried to hide her cries of pleasure. I kept stroking two fingers inside of her, driving her closer and closer to a second climax. One was never enough for her-or me. I needed to satisfy my wife until she couldn't handle it and begged me to stop.

It took less than a minute and she was convulsing around my fingers again, soaking the sheets just as I had wanted. I pulled my hand away reluctantly, licking her desire from my fingers as if it were going to be my last taste of paradise.

She was shaking with the force of her pleasure and I crawled up the bed and pulled her back against my front. I moved her hair aside and kissed a path up her neck until I reached her ear. "You're so sexy, Layla. You are my little goddess. My everything," I whispered into her ear as her body began to relax and her breathing evened out. "I'll love you for eternity."

Soon she was fast asleep. Exhausted from our day out at the park, followed by two mind-blowing orgasms at my hands. I stayed there, holding her for another hour before getting out of bed and dressing. I promised Shane I would meet him and everyone else in the park later and I needed to leave now before I decided to bail and fall asleep with Layla instead.

When I left the bedroom I found Lana and Drake on the couch in the living area. Lana wasn't allowed to do the haunted houses as pregnant as she was, and Drake didn't want to leave her so they had stayed in when everyone else had gone out the last two nights. Watching Lucy for me, taking care of Mia for Nik and Emmie.

A scary movie was on. One I didn't know anything about. It looked gory and disgusting, but Lana was engrossed in it. Clinging to Drake like a big baby. My sister-in-law was a freak. Enjoying being scared. Drake didn't seem to mind. Any reason for his wife to be all over him, he took it.

I picked up my key card from the coffee table where I had left it. "I'm going to go meet the others," I told them, but only Drake lifted his head. "Lucy wake up yet?"

"Nah, man. She's out for the count. But if she does I'll order her something to eat. Have fun."

"I'll try." Scary houses weren't my thing, but this was Shane's bachelor party. I was surprised as hell when he had said this was what he wanted to do. Even after the shit that had gone down with Drake's party, I was sure Shane would want something that involved a few strippers at the least. I guess he was so twisted up with Harper he really had changed his ways.

That made me smile and I left the penthouse determined to enjoy myself for the sake of my friend.

Drake

I barely heard the door shut behind Jesse.

We were spread out on the long couch, with Angel's head on my chest and her long legs entwined with mine. I couldn't even remember the name of the creepy-as-fuck movie we were watching. My attention wasn't on the screen half the time anyway.

Between the scent of Angel's freshly washed hair, the feel of her soft body, and the way our daughter kept kicking me in the side, I was distracted on a whole new level than normal. My chest literally ached with happiness and it almost hurt to breathe. My angel had been my wife for nearly two years and I still had a hard time believing that it was all real.

When the baby kicked again Lana let out a soft groan and switched positions. "I think she is going to be a ninja," she grumbled.

I grinned. "Probably," I agreed, brushing my lips over her slightly damp hair. "We can put her in karate or something. That way I don't have to worry about all those fucking boys messing with my baby girl."

She snorted. "Yeah right. Drake Stevenson is going to be the scariest daddy on the block. Boys are going to pee their pants when they meet you for the first time." Her dark head lifted from my chest and I was rewarded with the sight of that beautiful smile of hers. "I'll record it and we can have our own personal scary movie."

I tapped her on the hip with my hand, making a slight smacking sound but nothing that would hurt her. She giggled and my dick twitched. That pretty sound never failed to make me hard as a rock. "Be good, woman," I commanded, pulling her head back down onto my chest. As much as I wanted to carry her off to bed and sink as deep as possible into her tight little body, we were on babysitting duty tonight.

Emmie and Nik hadn't gone out, but they had still asked if I would listen for Mia in case she woke up. I was worried about Em. I hadn't seen her so sick in years and I wanted her to have a good night's rest.

Lana relaxed against me once again, turning her attention back to the crappy movie we had rented. I stroked my fingers through her long, dark hair enjoying the silky strands against my rougher flesh...

I was half asleep when I felt my phone vibrating from my front jeans pocket. I pulled it out and glanced down at the screen with a frown. It was a text message from the producer's assistant for America's Rocker.

Meeting Wednesday morning @ 10:30 Please attempt to be on time.

I sighed. Lana and I were leaving to go back to New York on Tuesday and I wasn't expected to be back at work until Thursday at the earliest and Friday at the latest since that was the next live show. We had been on a two-week hiatus because there were only five contestants left and the producers were doing makeovers and who knew what other shit they usually do.

I had wanted to spend a few days alone with Lana before I had to go back to work. Her next appointment was at 1:30 on Wednesday and I always went with her. The fucking meeting had better not take longer than an hour, I texted back and didn't get a reply.

"Who was that?" Lana asked, sounding sleepy.

"Bridget or Brandie or Betsy. Whatever the hell her name is," I muttered, tossing my phone on the coffee table.

I felt her stiffen and she raised her head to glare down at me. "Bethany?"

The name clicked in my brain and I nodded. "Yeah. That's her."

"I hate that bitch! That skank hates me too. I seriously can't stand her. She's always drooling all over you. What the fuck did she want?"

Her vehemence made me blink. Angel had never said anything-never even hinted-that she didn't like the executive producer's assistant that I had to work with. She had never been the jealous type. Not even after the nightmare of our breakup and the disaster of my one-time drunken slipup. She loved me, trusted me. I was disturbed by her reaction to a girl I could barely even remember even after seeing on a daily basis. "There's a meeting on Wednesday morning. I have to be at the studio by ten-thirty. I promise I'll be back in time to take you to the doctor."

"How about I just go with you and then we can have lunch with Dad before we go?"

I shrugged. Having lunch with the man who was my father-in-law wasn't something I enjoyed, but if that was what my angel wanted to do then I was all for it. Cole and Lana were working hard on their father/daughter relationship and I wanted to help her any way I could. Since Cole had found out we were having a baby, and a daughter in particular, he had started trying even harder. The reality of becoming a grandfather was making that old man grow up fast.

"Anything you want, Angel."

The anger seemed to fade from her whisky eyes. "Anything I want?" she murmured, her eyelashes lowering to hide those eyes that I never failed to get drunk in. She was my addiction now. My only addiction.

My body hardened and my heart started galloping. "I promised Nik..." I started.

Lana reached for the baby monitor on the coffee table, waving it at me. "I need you, Drake." She lowered her head and brushed her lips over my ear, her teeth sinking into my lobe. "Please, babe? I need you deep inside of me. Making me wet. Making me beg. My nails scratching down that big back. That dick stroking every inch of my pussy..."

"Fuck, Angel," I growled, standing with her in my arms in one smooth movement. "You're going to kill me."

Chapter 4

Shane

Hearing my girl scream in fright was a mixture of heaven and hell for me. I knew that nothing around us was real, that there was nothing in the park that could or would hurt her. I knew just as well that she was having the time of her life. But the man in me, the part of me that was conditioned to protect her from everything in life, was on edge. Ready to destroy the man in the mask who was causing the screams coming from Harper's fuck-me lips.

"Dude!" Linc yelped as we went around the next corner in the Resident Evil 2-the game, not the movie-haunted house. Sorry, no Alice here, people. "Fucking yeah!"

I snickered at how high he jumped as one of the zombies lunged at him before turning in the other direction to startle the group a few feet behind us. For all his muscles, brawn, and all around bad-ass attitude, Linc was terrified of the fantasy world of Resident Evil. The Lickers were the worst for him and I watched as he grabbed my sister's hand and seemed to cling to it as they walked ahead of us through the maze.

Behind me walked Harper holding hands with Dallas, while Axton brought up the rear. I wanted to take the lead in front of Harper to have a little peace of mind of what she was walking into, but it wasn't working. I was sure that Axton was only straggling behind so he could check out Dallas's ass. I didn't care if I was right or not. Having my friend in the rear gave me a fraction more comfort, because I knew that he would protect not only Dallas but Harper from any hidden danger.

When we were finally out of the first haunted house/maze for the night, I sucked in a relieved breath. We had walked through every house the last two nights, just as we were going to do tonight, but it was a different experience each time. And tonight was made even more special for Harper because she had Dallas to explore them with.

After the first night I had wondered what I was thinking, setting this up for three fucking nights in a row. Between the stress of Harper's screams-delightfully frightened-and the gore, I was going on nerves alone tonight. But I knew why I had done this. It was the reason I did anything now.

She was now walking arm in arm with her best friend toward a vender to get a beer. The melodic sound of her giggles made something curl inside of my heart that was both comforting and painful. I stopped walking and just watched the woman who owned me heart and soul. So beautiful, so perfect. So...mine.

Axton's hand pounded me on the back before squeezing my shoulder. "This has got to be the most fucked up bachelor party I've ever been to with you, man. But I have to say I'm having a blast."

I grinned. "Could it be the sudden change in scenery that makes it so fun?" I asked, nodding my head in Dallas's direction.

"Fuck yeah." His gaze went back to the girls, now carrying two light-up glasses of beer each.

"Here, babe." Harper handed me one of her extra glasses.

"Thanks, beautiful," I murmured, dropping a kiss on her lips before taking a sip of the offered beer.

"Do I get a beer?" Axton asked Dallas who was still holding onto her second glass.

Dallas raised a brow. "Depends. You want to drink it or wear it?"

"Drinking sounds like the better option." He stepped back, however, when she took a step forward. We all knew that she was more likely to pour it over his head than let him drink one drop.

"Dallas, please play nice," Harper scolded, taking the beer from her friend and handing it over to Ax. "It's too early for Axton to smell like draft. Maybe later."

Natalie and Linc finished getting their own beers and joined us. Jesse was supposed to join us later, but I wasn't going to hold my breath that he actually made it. If I had Layla to snuggle up to back at the hotel I would have a hard time leaving too. I hated that Drake wasn't able to join us though, but knew that between the temptation to drink and being without Lana he would have been miserable out here with us.

"What house should we go to next?" Natalie asked, taking a big gulp from her beer mug. I was still getting used to her drinking. When she had turned twenty-one a few months ago Drake and I had both started freaking because she was going to the clubs with Linc more and more. If she had been going out with anyone else we probably would have stepped in and done something, but we knew she was safe with Linc. He wasn't going to touch her like that, and we knew he would keep anyone else from sniffing around too.

Up until she had moved to New York after the crazy stunt that my baby sister, Jenna, had pulled and my stepmother had nearly had me arrested, neither Drake nor I had ever had any brotherly/sisterly affection for Natalie. Then she moved in with Linc and Dallas and started working for Emmie. The three of us had gotten to know each other, and all those overprotective instincts that we still had for Em transferred over to our sister. It felt like we had always been a part of each other's lives.

"The American Werewolf in Paris is just down that street." Harper pointed to the right and I swallowed my groan. It wasn't particularly scary, but there was one part of the maze that had a man with his insides popping out from being attacked by a werewolf.

"Sounds good to me." Linc pulled out his Front of Line Pass that would get us into the shorter line. Without our FLPs, we would have spent hours waiting in line to walk through a house/maze that only took less than five minutes to experience.

I wrapped my arm around Harper's waist and we fell into step behind Linc and Natalie as we headed for the next haunted house/maze. "Having a good time, beautiful?" I asked.

"This is perfect, Shane." She leaned her head against my shoulder as we walked. "Thanks for doing this for me."

My fingers tightened on her side. "Anything for you, beautiful." I kissed her and swallowed the rest of my beer before tossing the plastic cup in the next trashcan.

We walked by at least a thousand people waiting in line as we headed to the front of the Front of Line Pass line. It was dark outside and no one really paid us any attention so I wasn't worried that someone might recognize me or Axton. I wasn't worried if they did recognize us. It was Harper I stressed about my fans spotting.

The day our engagement was announced she started getting death threats. A mob of girls stood outside of the Rock America headquarters in LA waiting for her for an entire month. When Harper wasn't with me, she had a bodyguard that went with her everywhere. Especially to work.

Dallas and Axton walked ahead of us through American Werewolf in Paris and I couldn't help but laugh out loud as Dallas went up to the man in the werewolf suit when he popped his head out of a window. She scratched the top of his head and cooed up at the scary-looking beast. "Ah, poor Jacob. Where's Bella, boy? Where's Bella?"

An attendant stepped out of a dark corner. "Miss, no touching."

Dallas sighed. "Okay. I gotta go now, Jacob."

When she started to touch the masked man again, Axton grabbed her elbow and tugged her forward. "Let's go, babe."

"Bye, Jacob!" she called over her shoulder.

"Oh Gods, Dallas!" Harper was laughing so hard she had tears pouring down her face. "I can't take you anywhere."

Jesse found us before we made it to the third house of the night and we stopped for a bag of popcorn and a few more beers. There were seven houses total and the night was still pretty young. All right, I'll admit it. I was taking my time because I knew the next house was Cabin in the Woods and I knew that there was some fucked up shit in there.

Like the clown room where one of the clowns was lying on the floor in a bloody mess of gore. Yeah, I was going to close my eyes as we walked through that room of the house/maze.

Axton

The first time I laid eyes on her I knew I wanted her. The first time I kissed her I knew she was mine.

It fucked with my head so bad, that I knew that it was what Nik, Jesse, and even fucking Drake had felt when they found the one. So of course I didn't take it as seriously as I should have. And of course I fucked it up like I tend to fuck up everything that seems to make me happy.

I hadn't really realized how much I had fucked up until the end. When she offered me that sad but completely bitchy smile and told me it was nice knowing me, but sharing wasn't her thing. If I had been smart I would have told her the truth then and there. If I hadn't still been pretending to be the badass rock star that was the face I let the world see, I would have run after her.

Instead I did neither and ended up in limbo for the last two years.

She was right in front of me now, and I was determined to spend the weekend getting her back.

"Damn, it feels good to unwind." Dallas sighed as we all sat on a bench drinking yet another beer.

Thank all those fucking Gods that Em lived by for beer. Universal Studios was party central. Haunted houses, freaky-as-fuck rides, and plenty of beer. When Shane had first told me this was his idea of a bachelor party I had scoffed at the whole thing. But now I was seeing exactly how brilliant it really was.

I swallowed the last of my beer and tossed it in the trashcan beside me before turning toward the hottest chick I had ever laid eyes on so I could do the one thing I had been aching to do since I had set eyes on her earlier that day. Touch her.

I had been walking around with a semi-hard dick all night and as soon as I touched her bare back, I became rock hard. Being in the rock business for as long as I had, fucking a different chick every night, I could honestly admit to never reacting so strongly like that to another girl in my life.

Dallas stiffened at the first brush of my fingers. She started to turn toward me but I put just enough pressure to elicit a moan from her as I started massaging her shoulders. Her head fell forward. "Please don't stop," she begged in that Texas accent that went straight to my dick, making it pulse.

Her muscles were all knotted up and I dug my fingers just a little deeper. She moaned again as I rubbed away the tension in her neck. Her hair was pulled up into a ponytail, exposing the long gracefulness of her neck and making my mouth ache to taste her skin there.

I traced my thumb over her latest tattoo. A symbol for nurse with R on one side and N on the other. I wanted to tell her how proud I was, how much fulfilling her dreams of becoming a nurse made me want her even more than I once had. Now the world knew what I had known-that Dallas was brilliant as well as breathtakingly gorgeous.

"Let's get the next house over with," Natalie suggested, and I wanted to tell her to fuck off. I could have gladly sat on that bench rubbing Dallas's shoulders all night. "I hate that stupid maze."

Shane was already pulling Harper to her feet from where she was sitting on the other side of Dallas. When Harper turned to tug Dallas up, my girl let out a whine. "But... But... I was halfway to heaven," she grumbled.

"A few more minutes and you would have been sleeping on the bench," Linc told her as he tossed an arm causally over Natalie's shoulders.

Muttering a curse, I fell in behind everyone else, keeping my eyes glued to Dallas's back as we walked toward the next haunted house.

Jesse bumped his shoulder against mine. "When d'you got to get back to New York?"

I shrugged. "My plane leaves Tuesday, but I might leave sooner than that." Like on the same plane as Dallas when she goes back Monday morning. Or later, if I could talk her into checking out my apartment in LA. Yeah, I liked that idea a lot better than having to get up piss-ass early the day after Shane's wedding.

"I freaking hate that you and Drake are on the East Coast for Christmas. No one gets to travel this year." He grimaced. "Layla says it is okay, but I know that she's going to be upset Christmas morning."

I didn't have to spend Christmas in New York. Normally I spent it at Emmie and Nik's house, sleeping over and opening presents with everyone else when the others arrived. Or if they all went to New York we all went to Drake and Lana's apartment for Christmas dinner and presents. The first year I spent with them had been the first year I had really enjoyed Christmas in my entire life. Gods knew that I hadn't enjoyed it as a kid. My parents hadn't let me enjoy it like I was sure all the other kids got to enjoy the holiday. Waking up, excited to open presents...

I shook my head, dispelling the troubling memories of my parents. They didn't cross my mind often, but lately they had been there more and more. Ever since they sent that fucking letter.

"It was cool of you to tell Drake you were going to stay in New York with him and Lana and the baby. Thanks, man." Jesse lifted his hand and we bumped fists.

"We're family, man." They were all the family I had-all that I wanted. I was closer to the Demons than I was my own band. I loved Liam, Wroth, Zander, and Devlin. But I was the outcast with them. We had all grown up in roughly the same community, but I had been the preppy with the rich, butter-won't-melt-in-my-mouth family while they had been middle class or lower. If their lead singer for their band hadn't broken his leg in a water skiing accident, I never would have been a part of OtherWorld.

We stepped into the Front of Line Pass line and Shane turned to us. "If I throw up, don't let Harper see."

Jesse and I both snickered. "Yeah, man. We'll cover your ass."

We were halfway through the haunted house when I realized that Dallas wasn't in front of me any longer. My heart lifted into my throat and I turned around, nearly knocking over the two college kids behind me. "Dallas?" I called her name, pushing against the next group.

"Dallas!" I couldn't see her anywhere.

Someone in black jeans and a black T-shirt, who was hidden in a corner to make sure everyone didn't cause trouble, came out and grabbed my arm. I shrugged the skinny man's arm off. What the fuck was he going to do to me anyway? My left leg probably weighed more than him. "Sir, is there a problem?"

"My girlfriend. She was with our group but I can't find her," I told him over my shoulder as I kept walking, my eyes searching almost frantically for her. I didn't know why, but I knew something was wrong. My stomach was in knots, my heart pounding. Strobe lights were flashing all around and actors were stepping out to scare whoever walked past.

Then I heard it and my heart actually stopped.

Dallas's scream.

"Dallas!" I bellowed her name, and pushed some bulky-looking guy on the ground as I tried to get into the next room. The scream came again and I knew if I didn't find her in the next few seconds I was going to throw up.

A clown holding a bloody hatchet popped out of a closet as I entered the room. Her scream cracked open my soul and I nearly fell to my knees in relief when I spotted her. But her face was a mask of fear. Her eyes were wide, with frightened tears streaming down her cheeks. No one was standing near her as she crouched down in the corner, her eyes darting between the closest clown to me that had just popped out of a box, to the dummy lying on the ground a few feet from her that was dressed up like a clown with guts spilling out of its abdomen, and then to the very real clown in the opposite corner with a funny-looking stuffed dog in one hand and a very bloody knife in the other.

"Dallas." I breathed her name on a sigh of relief and crossed to her.

When her eyes finally landed on me she reached her arms out and clutched at me like a scared little girl. I pulled her to her feet and she buried her face in my chest, sobbing. "I don't want to do this anymore."

I stroked my hands down her bare back, pressing her closer to me. "It's not real, baby," I whispered against her ear. "Nothing in this room is real but you and me."

"Get me out of here, Ax. Please." She sobbed harder. "I can't deal with this... I can't."

Unable to handle the sound of her crying, I lifted her into my arms. The skinny guy was standing right behind me and we were alone in the room except for the freaking clowns. Apparently they had stopped the groups from entering for the moment. "Where's the closest exit?" I demanded.

The skinny guy turned around and I followed him. Dallas wrapped her arms around my neck and buried her face in my hair, hiding her eyes from the clowns. The next hall had an exit sign and I pushed through it with Dallas clinging to me and shaking. The slightly cool October night air greeted us and I sucked in a deep breath. "You're safe now, baby."

The sobs slowly faded, but she still clung to me as her body shuddered with little hiccups. As badly as I had wanted her to hold onto me, I never wanted it to be like this. I stroked her hair back from her face, brushing kisses over the top of her head, down her jaw and neck. Anything to distract her from the fear that was still making her tremble.

"I didn't know you had a phobia of clowns," I murmured after we had been sitting there for a while.

Dallas let out a long breath, letting go of some of the panic that still gripped her. "It's not something I share with most people. Being scared of clowns is the stupidest fear known to man..."

"What happened? What made you so scared of them?"

She scowled. "You would laugh if I told you."

"Try me."

"I don't want to talk about it, Ax." She pushed back from me slightly and my arms tightened instinctively. I wasn't ready to let her go yet.

"Everyone has stupid fears, baby," I told her. Mine were crazy and childish. I saw a shrink once and only once, because she had told me I had mommy issues. What the fuck did that mean? I was scared to tell people I loved them because my mother had refused to tell me she loved me? What-the-fuck-ever!

"Like what?" She raised a brow at me, daring me to tell her what my fears were.

"I have a fear of falling," I told her.

"No way!" She shook her head, causing her ponytail to brush against my hand still stroking across her shoulders. "Falling?"

Falling in love... But I wasn't going to tell her that. "Crazy, huh?"

"Have you ever faced your fear?" she asked, tilting her head to the side to study me in the dim lighting from a nearby street lamp and the glow sticks from a group of teenagers walking by.

"Once," I nodded. But before I could tell you how I felt, you decided I wasn't worth your time. I didn't say it aloud. I should have. I should have told her right then that she was the only girl I had ever really been in love with. "Dallas..."

"There you two are!" Harper exclaimed as she came around the side of the building with Shane and the others right behind her. "Where did you two go? One minute you were behind me and the next you disappeared."

Dallas's nails bit into my arm, and I glanced down at her. She had a pleading look in her blue eyes and I knew she didn't want me to tell them the truth. That surprised me. Didn't Harper and Linc know about her fear? Did they know the reasons behind it?

"We decided to bail and talk."

Chapter 5

Dallas

The thumping on the door woke me. Startled, I sat straight up in bed...

A king sized bed.

What the fuck?

It took me exactly five seconds to remember where I was and how I had ended up there. This wasn't the room I had seen yesterday, the one I was supposed to be sharing with Natalie. This room was bigger, though only slightly. The window facing west instead of north.

The thumping on the door came again. "Get your lazy ass up!" I thought it was Shane who was yelling through the locked door, but it could have just as easily been Drake. "The girls are already packed and starting to head out."

Beside me Axton grunted and pushed himself into a sitting position. "Dude! I'm going to murder you."

A deep, sexy laugh drifted to me. "Nothing I haven't heard before. Get up, throw your shit in your case and let's go... Oh, and tell Dallas that Harper has been looking for her."

My still half-foggy mind cleared and I felt my face heat with a mixture of embarrassment and shame. I lowered my head, letting my long blonde hair hide my face from the man sitting very close-and very much naked-beside me.

"I'll be out in a few," Axton called back and I breathed a sigh of relief when I heard Shane's heavy footsteps fade away as he left.

I didn't lift my head. I couldn't face him, couldn't face what I had done. Damn my weakness for this man, and damn him for exploiting it. He had seduced me with every innocent brush of his fingers against my skin, his every murmured word as we had walked through Universal Studios last night. From the moment he started massaging my aching shoulders, I had weakened. The moment he lifted me into his arms and I had found my salvation from one of my worst nightmares, I was done for.

After Harper had found us, I had tried to be strong. I really had. But it was impossible not to feel his eyes on me, to feel the heat from his body as he had walked behind me through the other haunted houses. So it had been all too easy to cuddle into him when he had put his arm around me as we got onto the Transformers ride. While Harper had been transfixed by the movie ride experience, I had been making out with Mister Rock God.

Of course I was going to blame it on all the beer I had drunk last night. As well as the fact that I hadn't drunk anything in two years. Maybe I would get away with saying it was because I had been so fucking horny and had gone without for just as long as I had alcohol.

Harper and Linc would see right through that half-truth in a heartbeat. I had gone a lot longer without sex than just two years. As much as some people liked to think I was a slut, I could count every man I had ever been with on one hand and still have a few fingers left over. The man beside me had been the one to ruin me for any other man, though. The one who had stolen my heart without much trouble, then shredded it in two when his feelings for his ex-girlfriend had reared their ugly head.

"We need to talk," he finally said after I had been sitting there staring at the sheets for a few minutes.

I snorted and raised my gaze from the sheets to meet his hazel eyes. Right now they were a mixture of brown and green, but last night they had switched several times from brown to green and back again. When he was thrusting into me, forcing me to keep my eyes on him, his eyes had been green. As soon as he found his release, those crazy eyes switched almost instantly back to brown, until he started fucking me all over again.

"That was what you said last night when you asked me to come back to your room with you. The only words to ever leave your mouth were, 'Fuck, you're wet for me, baby' and a few 'I can't wait to taste your scorching pussy'." I pushed my hair back from my face, wishing I still had my ponytail holder so I could get it out of my way. "That's the way it always was with us, Axton. Every time we should have been talking we were fuckin' instead."

He grimaced, making the lip ring in his bottom lip pout out. "Yeah, I know. It's one of the many mistakes I made with you."

"Wow." My eyes widened and I knew I was being a total bitch, but I didn't really care. "I never thought you would actually admit that you made mistakes. Are you sick?" I touched a hand to his forehead.

Axton grabbed my hand as he pushed me back against the pillows, pulling my hand to his already stone-hard cock. "You have such a smartass mouth, Dallas. And if I didn't want it sucking my dick so badly right now I would tell you a few more things that would really surprise you. So instead of talking like I know we need to do, I'm going to fuck you until neither one of us can remember our names and then I'm going to drive you to Harper's house in Santa Monica so you can spend some time with your friend. But tonight we are going to talk for sure."

My mouth had gone dry the minute I touched that white hot, satin covered titanium rod he called a dick. I couldn't think past how I wanted to suck his cock just as much as he wanted me to. So I agreed with him and then pushed on his chest until our positions were reversed and I was kissing my way down his chest.

I took my time, wanting to make sure I paid homage to every tattoo I loved. Like the music note on his right pec. Or the hoop through his left nipple. I tilted my head, examining it better. I had dared him to get this piercing one night. I never thought he would actually do it, but he had kept his eyes locked on mine the whole time it was being put in. Of course I had to get my tongue pierced that same night, because it had been his stipulation. A piercing for a piercing.

Bending my head I rubbed my studded tongue over his tiny hoop before sucking it into my mouth and pulling back ever so slightly, tugging just enough to make his hands tangle in my hair and keep me against him. "Damn, Dallas. I love that fucking mouth of yours."

I grinned against his flesh before pulling away to continue kissing down his chest. The hard, defined edges of his six-pack abs gave me something else to explore, further delaying what I most wanted to be kissing and licking. I traced my fingers over each one, following the trail with my tongue. He tasted of sweat and something tangier, kind of spicy and a little sweet. I knew that it was Axton's unique flavor, remembered that it had been that taste that had kept me going back for more.

My tongue dipped into his belly button and his fingers tightened in my long, thick hair. A line of dark hair, just slightly lighter than the dyed, inky black hair on his head had me following the trail with my lips. I kissed down the V of his groin until I was inches away from ten inches of broad, hard, hot dick.

The memory of how good he had felt deep inside me just a few hours ago made me whimper and I let my tongue skim over the pink mushroom-shaped head. The taste of my own desire still lingered along with his pre-cum. I grasped his hard shaft in my left hand and stroked upward, producing a few more drops of that addicting substance that I could feast on for days. I licked it away as if it were juice melting from my favorite Popsicle.

"Tease!" he muttered, pulling on my hair just enough to make it hurt a little.

I could feel my own growing desire dripping down my thighs and I used my free hand to stroke myself as I took his cock fully into my mouth. The head of his dick hit the back of my throat and I swallowed, taking him deeper. His growl of pleasure had my fingers rubbing over my clit faster, producing more liquid heat to make his eventual possession easier to accept.

"I can smell your need for me, baby," Axton breathed. "Let me eat you. Let me taste that sweet pussy."

No way was I moving, not when I could feel his balls tightening. He was close and so was I. I lifted my wet fingers and let him suck, letting him have the taste he claimed to need. I switched hands, holding him only with my mouth while he sucked on my fingers and I touched myself with my left hand.

My thighs began to tremble, my stomach tightening as I felt my release building. I sucked him deeper, moaning around his thick cock as my inner walls started contracting. The vibrations from moans triggered his own and I had to pull my hand from his mouth to hold on as he filled my mouth with hot shots of his release over and over again. I couldn't swallow it all, couldn't keep it all inside my mouth. It dripped down my chin as I continued to suck on him even as I kept rubbing out my own orgasm.

When he pulled my head from him we were both breathing hard and I was shaking from the power of my release. It was like he hadn't given me four mind-blowing, earthshaking orgasms last night. I was wasted, completely useless as I cuddled into his side and closed my eyes.

His finger rubbed across my chin, wiping away his release. "Don't waste it, baby," he whispered against my ear as he placed his thickly coated finger inside my mouth. I sucked it away, loving his taste. No man tasted as good as Axton Cage, my own personal Rock God.

Harper

I didn't say a word as we all climbed into the back of Emmie's Escalade. Didn't even look at her as we took our time getting settled. There were seven of us packed inside of the huge SUV, two of which were heavily pregnant. These were all my friends and I wasn't going to ruin the time I was going to spend with them today and in the morning by opening my mouth and bitching.

Even if I was aching to do just that.

I was sitting in the middle row between Lana and Dallas, while Lucy and Natalie took the third row with Emmie driving and Layla taking shotgun. I bit my lip hard, because not only did I not want to cause trouble the day before my wedding, but I didn't want nine-year-old Lucy to hear the words that were going to come spilling out the minute I let myself go.

It wasn't that I was mad-not really. I was worried. Dallas had been her own version of a zombie after her breakup with Axton the last time. I didn't want her to go through that all over again. I didn't want her to hurt even for a second over a guy who didn't deserve her. When she hurt, I hurt and I was tired of hurting. Being with Shane had shown me what it was like not to hurt emotionally all the time. I had gotten spoiled and now I was terrified of feeling it ever again.

God, I was such a little wimp.

"So..." Emmie could feel-probably see-the tension in me and she didn't seem happy about it. "Let's address the elephant in the room, shall we?"

"Lucy, headphones. Dad's new drum solo." I glanced over my shoulder to watch Lucy slip on a pair of Beats plugged into her iPhone. A moment later the pounding of one of Demon's Wings' songs reached me, the one that had a long drum solo that Jesse Thorton had perfected within a day.

Emmie kept the Escalade in Park and turned to face us all. "Have a good night, Dallas?"

She shrugged. "It was fun."

Emmie grinned. "I bet."

I gritted my teeth, but didn't say a word. Lana's hand touched one of my cold ones, soothing me just a little. Emmie saw my clenched jaw and shook her head. "Let it go, girl. I don't need a homicidal bride on her wedding day. And Shane will be pissed if you show up looking defeated instead of ecstatic."

"He's going to break her heart all over again!" I exploded, unable to hold onto it a second longer without indeed becoming a homicidal maniac. Dallas was my best friend, my sister. We had been through hell with our mothers and had only just barely made it back because we had been there for each other. "I can't handle it if he hurts her again. She deserves better..." I turned to look right at her, finally letting her see how upset I was. She had been so quiet ever since she finally came out of Axton's room that I knew she had felt my tension. "...You deserve better!"

Dallas smiled and pulled me into her arms. She wasn't a fan of hugs, of any physical contact really, but she held me close and stroked her hands over my hair. "Stop worrying about me, Harp. I know what I'm doing. This is like closure. He and I are having one last crazy weekend. I've needed it, actually. He's been haunting me for so long and now I can work him out of my system and leave with a smile on my face."

I wrapped my arms around her small waist, breathing in the soothing scent of her subtle perfume. I didn't believe a word she was saying, but I wasn't going to call her on it. For the moment I was going to pretend I believed her. I was good at pretending things were okay; my childhood had made me a pro at it.

Hugging her tight for another long moment to soak up the love we shared, I finally let go. "Okay, Em. Let's go."

Big green eyes were still narrowed on me, but she nodded her head after only a small hesitation and turned around to put the Escalade in Drive.

By that afternoon I had pushed all thoughts of Dallas and Axton out of my mind. The seven of us were having too much fun for me to let any negative thoughts affect me. We were sitting outside by the pool at the house Shane and I had bought just a few months ago. I loved Santa Monica more than I thought I would. We had tried to find a house in Malibu, but there hadn't been anything available that either of us had really liked. As soon as the realtor had shown us this four-bedroom cottage, I had been in love with it.

"We could have gone to a spa and gotten all of this done," Emmie said as she watched Lucy put on a second coating of sunshine-yellow polish on her toes. "That's what we did before my wedding."

I shook my head. "I like this better. Just us." It was perfect in my book. Sitting beside my pool with a glass of wine in hand while my favorite girls in the world catered to my every want and need. Dallas had done my mani and pedi, giving me a simple white French tip on both that looked elegant. I had an expensive mud mask on my face to make my skin glow come morning, and we were gorging on takeout food to the point I was sure my wedding dress wasn't going to go over my hips. Perfect...

I missed Shane.

It was irrational, since I had just seen him a few hours ago. I would see him in less than twenty-four hours, and walk down the aisle to him and become his wife. Still, my heart ached to have him holding me right at that moment.

I wondered what he and the guys were getting into tonight. I knew they had something planned for him. I was sure that Drake was going to be watching Mia while everyone else went out. For Nik's night out, he and Shane had gotten tattoos over their hearts. Nik's had been mouthwatering. The heart, the lettering, the flames.

When Shane had shown me his own, I had cried. Then he had made love to me until I couldn't remember where we were.

Drake had sketched my eyes. Big, violet eyes. Shane had taken it to the tattoo artist who had turned it into a masterpiece on my man's chest. My eyes stared back at me every time he took off his shirt. I wondered if he was going to get another one tonight. With the remaining four members of OtherWorld joining them at Emmie's house later tonight, I doubted it.

"I want a tattoo."

Five heads shot up and around to look at me. They knew I wasn't the biggest fan of tattoos. Unlike Dallas who was more tattoo than skin, I only had one little bitty one on the back of my neck that represented my friendship with her. I didn't like the needles, the sound of the tattoo gun. But I wanted to show Shane how much I loved him, just as he had done for me long before he had trusted me enough to say yes when he finally proposed.

Dallas and Emmie were studying me more intently than the other three. I didn't know what either were thinking, but finally Dallas grinned. "Okay. What did you have in mind?"

I thought of all of Shane's tattoos. Except for the one on his chest of my eyes, the others were on his arms and back. They were all works of art, telling the story of his life in some way. The Demon's Wings stamp on his left shoulder reminded me of the one that was on Emmie's with 'Property of Demon's Wings' and the angel's wings that were on Lana's back with the simple proclamation of 'The Demon's Angel'.

I knew exactly what I wanted. "I need Drake's help."

Chapter 6

Shane

I was contemplating calling Harper when Drake came out of the house with Mia in one arm and his messenger bag full of his art supplies in the other. I jumped up off the lounger I had been sprawled in. "What's up?"

"The girls want me to go over to your house for a little while. Don't ask why, I'm not allowed to tell." He grinned, readjusting Mia in his arm. "You guys still going out?"

"Pussy-whipped hasn't made up his mind," Liam called out, sitting in a lounger by the pool with a pair of shades on-more to hide his glazed over eyes than to block out the sun. As usual, Liam was high.

I ignored him because as much as I hated him when he was high, I loved him like a brother. "I figured we could just grill some steaks or something. I'm not really in the mood to go out." I had no urge to go out and get shitfaced with a bunch of strippers-something I was sure Liam had been planning on when he had come over.

Maybe the idiot hadn't gotten the memo, but I was getting married in the morning to someone who made my life complete. From the moment I had laid eyes on her my world had been turned upside down-in a good way. The need for a new girl every night and all the other shit I had done had stopped the moment my lips had touched hers.

"Sounds like a plan." Drake pulled his keys from his pocket, already moving toward the driveway between the guesthouse and main house. "I shouldn't be gone long."

"Bye, Uncle Shane." Mia waved as Drake carried her away.

"Bye, Mia." I blew her a kiss before she was out of sight.

When I heard the roar of Drake's truck starting I flopped carelessly down on the lounger once more. Nik came out of the house with an apple in one hand and a Corona in the other. He tipped Axton's lounger with his foot, tipping him out of the chair. "Wake up!"

Ax grunted, pushing himself into a sitting position but didn't try to stand. "I got maybe an hour of sleep last night, man. Leave me alone."

Four sets of eyes turned on him, curious. Zander was the first to call him on it. "What-or should I ask whom-were you doing to keep you up all night, Cage?"

Nik and I shared a look before snickering. Every member of OtherWorld had been hot for Dallas. When she had broken things off with him, they had been more than a little pissed at him. "Only Miss Texas," Nik offered.

"You hooked up with Dallas again?" Devlin grunted. "I bet you a thousand dollars that she is only looking for a weekend hookup. She's not going to keep you around longer than tomorrow night."

Axton flipped the drummer off before finally getting to his feet and sitting back down on the lounger. "Shut the fuck up, Dev."

"I'll take that bet, Dev." Wroth chuckled when Axton shot him the finger too. "Ah, come on, man. You know that chick isn't going to put up with your shit. She's smarter than fucking Gabriella."

"Smarter, maybe," Liam commented, messing with his phone. "But no less hot. And no less a bitch."

Wroth, Devlin, and Zander raised their beers in agreement. "Amen, brother."

Three hours later we were sitting down at the patio table eating steaks that Jesse had grilled when he had gotten back from his house. Drake and Mia still weren't back yet, and I was growing more anxious to talk to Harper by the minute. It was insane. I had just seen her that morning, but that was the way it always was with us. When I was on tour I was like a drug addict the entire time I was away from her. My skin crawling, my heart racing, my body shaking until I could kiss her, hold her again.

I lifted my corn on the cob that Jesse had grilled to perfection and bit into it just as Nik raised his beer. "I never thought this day would come. All those years of watching Shane screw anything with a pussy, I think we all had given up on him getting married. But here we sit, counting down the hours until the biggest man-whore in rock history puts a ring on his woman's finger. So let's take a drink and remember the old days. Not necessarily the best days, but still good ones." They all took a drink from their bottles before Nik raised his beer again. "To my friend and brother: Be happy."

"Hear, hear," everyone echoed, and I downed the rest of my beer to keep from tearing up. I was not going to be a pussy tonight.

Drake returned a few hours later, minus Mia. He looked tired, but he was still grinning when he dropped down onto the sectional in the living room where we were all watching some college football. As usual the SEC were dominating. Axton and the others had grown up in Tennessee, but had been die-hard Alabama fans from the time they were in diapers. Whereas my band brothers and I had grown up in Ohio and had followed the Buckeyes forever. Both were dominant football teams, but neither were playing tonight, thank fuck.

Wroth had one of his acoustic guitars with him and was strumming a few chords every now and then. I was itching to play too, but my guitars were all back at my house. It had been a few months since we had gone on tour, and I was still finding it hard to not be constantly on the road. Not because I missed the road, but because I was so used to playing every day. Lately I had to pick up my Fender and play just so I could see if I remembered how to do it.

"How's Marissa?" Drake asked Liam during a commercial break.

Liam shrugged. "She's good."

"She's watching Harris for Devlin tonight," Wroth informed us. "Now that the boy's getting older, Devlin wants to take him on tours with us. Rissa is going to tag along and help out with him."

My eyes widened. "And you're okay with that?" Wroth tended to act more like Marissa's big brother than Liam half the time. He had always put his foot down when it came to her touring with the band.

"I didn't get a vote," Wroth bit out.

"I was going to hire a nanny, but Harris threw a total shit fit. I can't really blame him." Devlin smirked. "If I were fourteen I wouldn't want a nanny either. He gets along with Marissa so I figured it would be the best solution. The only one complaining about it is Wroth."

"Rissa isn't like Emmie. She won't know how to handle five dumbass guys on one bus. Not the way we act. Not the way we all whore around."

Marissa was wonderful, but I wasn't so sure if Wroth's protests were coming from his protective side or his possessive one. His family connection with Liam didn't extend to Marissa, even though it had been Wroth's parents who had practically raised her. Wroth's mom had been sisters with Liam's. Marissa had a different mother, who had cut and run when she was five. Not long after that their old man had been in an accident-his tractor trailer hit some black ice and he skidded over an embankment. Wroth's mother had been the only family Liam had left while Marissa had had no one. Mrs. Niall had plead for custody of the girl instead of letting her go into foster care.

When the conversation turned to something else, I tuned out. My gaze kept going to my phone, my fingers itching to pick it up and at least text my girl if not actually call her. I was nearly sick with the need to talk to her in some way. Muttering a curse I finally gave in and grabbed my phone.

"Who had eleven?" Jesse called out, smirking when he saw that I was texting away like a mad man.

"Damn it!" Devlin yelled. "I had midnight. Fucker, you couldn't wait another hour?"

I barely raised my eyes from the text I was getting ready to send to Harper. "What are you talking about?"

"We had a bet that you couldn't go all night without talking to her," Drake informed me, taking a drink from his can of Dr. Pepper. "I had five-thirty."

"I win!" Nik stood, holding his hand out to the men sitting around him. "Cough it up, bitches."

"How much did you win?" I demanded.

"We all bet five," Drake said, pulling his wallet out and reaching for the cash he owed.

"Five hundred?" It wouldn't have surprised me if it had even been five thousand. My friends were idiots like that sometimes when we got together.

"No, stupid. Five bucks. No way am I wasting five hundred on your ass. I love you, little bro, but Angel would kick my ass."

"She spends that much on shoes, man," Jesse scoffed. "Before she married you, my credit card statements were three pages of shoe stores alone."

"Only three pages?" Drake grinned. "She really likes shoes. And I'm really weak when it comes to seeing her in them and nothing else. So she can bleed the bank dry buying all the damn shoes she wants."

Emmie

I awoke before dawn, knowing that I had a million and one things to do so that Harper and Shane wouldn't have to worry about them.

The wedding planner that I had hired to attempt to make my life a little easier planning the wedding was already waiting for me at Swiss Park Banquet Center. When we had been looking for venues for the wedding, Harper had fallen in love with the garden and gazebo outside. A team of thirty was already getting the white chairs set up, as well as the flowers and arbor in front of the gazebo.

Once I was sure everything was the way Harper had said she wanted it, I headed inside to the banquet hall to check on the tables and decorations. I was fighting my nausea, but I wasn't going to let it stop me from making this the best day of Shane's and Harper's life.

It took three hours for me to get everything just right. Once the cake was in place I headed for the rooms that we were using to get ready for the wedding. It was nearly noon and I was expecting the girls to arrive before the guys. The limo should have already picked them up about an hour ago, but with traffic they should be arriving any time now.

"Momma!"

I turned at the sound of Mia calling my name. She was holding Lana's hand as they walked toward me. I crouched down to give my baby some sugar before straightening to face Lana. When I saw her frown I knew something was wrong. "What?" I demanded.

"Harper's stepdad just called me. Cecil said that the bitch twins have found out where the wedding is and most likely will crash the party." She rubbed a hand over her pregnant belly, looking as stressed as I suddenly felt.

When Harper had given me the list of guests to invite she had told me that under no circumstances were her mother, father, or stepsister to be invited. Harper didn't even talk to her mother or stepsister anymore. Her father only called once in a blue moon. All caused her trouble and heartache, and I sure as hell wasn't going to let them ruin Harper's day.

"Okay, I'll deal with it," I assured her. "Where is Harper?"

"She's getting her hair done. The stylist is taking good care of her, don't worry." Lana offered her hand to Mia. "Let's go, brat."

"I'm not the brat, Aunt Lana. You are."

"You're as sassy as your momma. I should swat your butt."

"No way!" Mia giggled when Lana took a mock step toward her. "I'll tell Uncle Drake!"

"Uncle Drake has to put up with me more than he does you. He would so pick my side."

"I'm his favorite." Mia wiggled her eye brows in a way I had seen Nik teaching her lately and I couldn't help but grin as I watched them walk away.

When they were out of sight my grin fell away and I pulled my cell out. Security was already tight. The death threats from crazy female fans had been coming in higher counts this last week. Harper's safety as well as the need to keep the press out had made things extremely difficult. Everyone from the caterers to the florist had all needed to pass three security checkpoints to get into the building.

"No one gets in without an invitation and photo ID," I told the head of the security team we had hired. "If you suspect anything from anyone, I don't care if it's the freaking minister, you call me."

"Yes, ma'am," he answered without hesitation.

An hour later the guys arrived. Nik found me in the reception room going over last minute details with the photographer, as well as the caterer. Harper was going to take the shots the photographer did and use them for her magazine as an exclusive on the wedding. Her boss nearly pissed his pants when she promised him a front cover with her in her wedding dress with Shane holding her and the three other band members standing behind them.

"You look tired." Nik wrapped his arms around me, lowering his head for a kiss. "Have you eaten anything yet?"

"Some fruit salad," I assured him, holding on tight for a little longer. "So... I found out something." He raised a brow and I smiled. "Looks like this baby is going to be a lot like me. The smell of bacon made me throw up."

His lips twitched. "So you won't be wanting bacon ice cream sundaes or bacon smoothies? Or bacon and peanut butter sandwiches?"

My stomach roiled at just the thought of those things. "Please stop."

"Sorry, baby girl." He brushed a tender kiss over my lips then stepped back. "I hate bothering you, but Shane is about to lose his shit. He's been a basket case since he got out of bed. You think Drake was bad? He's got nothing on Shane now."

I frowned. "What? What's wrong? What did you guys do to him last night?"

"Hey." Nik raised his hands as if to ward me off when I took a step in his direction. "We didn't do squat. He was fine when he went to bed last night... Or really this morning. It was nearly three when he finally went to sleep. Then he woke up this morning and... Just go talk to him, baby. Please?"

Muttering a curse I followed Nik to the opposite side of the building where the guys were all supposed to get dressed. I walked in to find Drake and Jesse already half dressed in their tuxedos, but Shane was walking around in basketball shorts and a T-shirt. He was pale as death, his eyes bloodshot, and I was sure he hadn't gotten any sleep at all.

"Talk to me," I commanded, grabbing his arms and making him stop his frantic pacing. "Are you having second thoughts?"

"What?" He looked startled by my question. "No! I'm fucking ready to make that woman my wife."

"Then what's the matter?" I kept my voice low, calm. "I can't take care of whatever is wrong if you don't tell me, Shane."

"I did something stupid. I think I messed up big."

"What?" Everyone in the room stopped what they were doing to turn and face him. I swallowed hard, terrified of the answer to the next question that I had no choice but to ask. "What did you do?"

"I... Oh, fuck!" He pulled away from me and raked his hands through his short dark hair. He paced to the window then turned back to look at me, his blue-gray eyes looking tormented. "Harper's mom called me last night. She said she wanted to make amends, to apologize to Harper for being such a shit mom. Then she started laying it on thick about how she wanted to see her daughter get married. So I... I emailed her an invitation."

"Shane!"

"I fell asleep for about two hours and when I woke up I realized how big of a mistake I made. Harper doesn't want Monica here."

"You think?" I couldn't help it. My voice was rising along with my blood pressure. Damn, now I almost wished he had cheated. I could fix that a lot faster and more efficiently than this. I could have just cut his balls off, presented them to Harper, and been done. "I've already got security tight, and they know not to let anyone in without an invitation. But now she has one! I could have kept her out without that, damn it. Gods, this is such a clusterfuck."

"Help me fix this, Emmie," Shane pleaded. "Help me..."

"You don't know how to make anything easy, do you?" I was nearly screaming at him, but I turned away before I started throwing shit. "The guests are already arriving. If she's here it's going to cause a huge scene and Harper is going to be even more upset."

"I know." His voice broke and he dropped down onto the short sofa against the wall beside him. "I know."

"Okay." Nik stepped forward, his hands going to my shoulders to try and rub away some of my stress. I shivered at the feel of his hands on me, but it did nothing for the tension in my body. "We can fix this."

I blew out a frustrated sigh. "Yeah. I can fix this."

It was my job to fix all of their problems... Fuck, I hated my job sometimes!

Chapter 7

Harper

I thought I was going to be one of those brides who freaked out at the drop of a hat on her wedding day. Sure, Emmie had been my saving grace, making sure that I only had to say yes or no to this and that. The hardest thing I had to do was pick out my wedding dress, which had been easy once I had seen the dress. Still, I had thought I would have woken up this morning feeling anxious and ready to run for the border at the drop of a hat.

Instead I was calm, ready to walk down the aisle and change my last name.

Now, as I stood in front of the floor-length mirror in my wedding dress, I couldn't help smiling. It had taken a lifetime, but now I could see exactly what Shane saw every day. The beautiful woman staring out of that mirror was me. My hair was curled to perfection hanging around my shoulders; my makeup minimum with just a little foundation, some light eye makeup, and clear gloss. The wedding dress was figure hugging, pushing my breasts up while showing off the sexy curve of my hips. On my feet I wore simple ballet slippers, giving me no extra height, no added sex appeal. But I was definitely sexy.

Behind me my friends were speechless. I shifted my gaze to find Dallas blinking rapidly, trying to keep from crying. "You are so beautiful, Harp."

I opened my mouth to thank her, but the door opened and in walked my stepdad along with Linc. Both men stopped in their tracks when they saw me. "Holy fuck!" Linc exclaimed. "You're enough to turn a gay man, Harper."

I laughed, stepping forward to let him brush a kiss over my cheek. "Thanks."

When I glanced at Cecil he had tears in his eyes and wasn't trying to keep them at bay. "There are no words to describe how beautiful you are, Harper," he said before pulling me into a warm, loving hug.

I closed my eyes and wrapped my arms around his shoulders. "Thanks for being here for me, Cecil."

"There's no other place I would rather be, sweetheart."

"Where's Emmie?" Layla demanded. "She hasn't gotten dressed yet."

I hadn't noticed her!

"I'll go find her. She's probably just going over everything again before the ceremony." Natalie smiled at me in the mirror before leaving.

"You look so beautiful, Harper," Jenna, Shane and Drake's little sister told me from where she and Mia were sitting on the sofa. "It's so cool that you're going to be my sister."

I crossed to her and pulled her into a one-armed hug, not wanting to mess the teenager's hair or dress up. The wedding party wasn't the largest I had ever seen, but it wasn't small by a long shot. Jenna and Lucy were my bridesmaids along with Lana, Layla, Emmie, and Natalie. Dallas was my maid-of-honor, but I would have given the title to Linc just as quickly. Fortunately he was one of Shane's groomsmen, because Shane had wanted him up there with us just as much as I did.

"Thanks, Jen. I'm so glad you could be here."

"Daddy said he wasn't going to miss Shane's wedding for the world. Mom didn't throw as big of a fit as I thought she would." Jenna rolled her eyes. Stella wasn't my favorite person in the world, but she had calmed down a lot since the nightmare that Jenna had put her through, running away to New York in search of her brothers. As for Shane's dad, that was still really strained. Not that I could blame him or Drake. Their father had basically turned his back on them when they had needed him the most.

"Is my dress pretty, Aunt Harper?"

I turned my gaze to Mia who was sitting beside Jenna. In her little white dress she was not just pretty, but a beautiful little doll. "It sure is, flower princess. And your hair is so adorable. You were such a good girl sitting still while Aunt Layla curled it for you."

The door opened so suddenly that it nearly banged against the wall. Emmie looked a little wild, with her eyes standing out in her pale face. I felt guilty that she had been running around making my wedding day so special while I had just been sitting around having everyone pamper me. "Emmie..."

Her eyes landed on me and I was startled when tears started spilling down her cheeks. "Oh my gods! You're breathtaking."

I didn't know what to say. I wanted to thank her for making this all so special. I wanted to hug her, and tell her I was sorry for being such a pain in the ass. My mouth opened, but nothing came out. Seeming to understand all that I was feeling, Emmie stepped forward and wrapped her arms around my waist. "It was my pleasure, Harper," she whispered close to my ear. "Welcome to the family, sweetheart."

Twenty minutes later I stood outside waiting for the cue to walk down the aisle. My heart was racing, my hands getting sweaty. Dallas stood in front of me, waiting for the others to walk down the aisle so that she could take her turn. I took a moment to take her in. Her hair was pulled into a side knot, showing off the tattoo I had only seen pictures of until recently. The silk dress that all my bridesmaids were wearing was a soft lavender. It wasn't tight, but it seemed to hug every curve that my friend had. Even with both of us wearing ballet slippers, she still stood several inches taller than me.

Finally Dallas stepped forward, moving out of sight as she started down the aisle. I sucked in a deep breath, ready to take the first step to becoming Shane's wife. Cecil stood beside me, looking pale and teary-eyed. Even if I had invited my father to my wedding, it still would have been this man who walked me down the aisle. Cecil was the man that had raised me, the first man to love me unconditionally.

Suddenly the music changed, turning into "Wedding March," and Cecil turned to me with a wobbly smile. "Ready?"

"Ready." It came out a whisper, because I was suddenly having trouble speaking through the emotion clogging my throat.

Cecil offered me his arm and I wrapped my hand around it as we stepped around the little wall that was hiding me from everyone. My eyes went immediately to the front of the aisle. I didn't see any of the thirty or so guests that we had invited. No one standing by the arbor registered in my brain but the man that owned me completely.

Shane's short hair was a little messy, but I wasn't sure if that was intentional or not. His blue-gray eyes were glassy and bloodshot. The tux he was wearing fit him perfectly, the lavender-dyed boutonniere bringing a smile to my lips. He had been the one to pick our colors, wanting everything to match my eyes.

As Cecil and I grew closer, I watched Shane swallow hard, his throat working with emotion. I blinked back tears, so happy that my heart felt like it was going to explode. It felt like I was walking too slow, that I was never going to make it to his side. Cecil had to grasp my hand and hold on to keep me from walking away without him. Biting my lip I tried to stay patient, but it was hard to do so when all I wanted was to be in Shane's arms.

Finally-finally-I was only a few feet away. Shane stepped forward, taking my hand from Cecil and pulling me against him. "I love you," he breathed as his lips captured mine.

My mind went completely blank while my body seemed to go up in flames of white hot desire. My bouquet of white and lavender roses fell from my hand as I wrapped myself around Shane, trying to press as close as humanly possible.

I heard a deep voice behind me and I turned my head to see Cecil grinning through his tears. "I'd like to keep some things out of my imagination where you two are concerned, sweetheart." He winked, and Shane chuckled when I felt my face fill with heat. Cecil stepped forward, pulling me out of Shane's hold so he could kiss my cheek before handing me over to my groom. "Take care of her, boy."

"I will, sir," Shane told him in a rougher than usual voice. "I swear I will."

The minister cleared his throat and Shane turned us both to face the man, his arm still tight around my waist. The little man with the salt-and-pepper hair gave us both a kind smile before starting the ceremony. I tried not to cry, but when Shane repeated his vows, I was a lost cause.

"...I will love and cherish you for all the days of my life..." I heard the words, but couldn't see him through my tears. His voice cracked and I knew that he was having just as hard a time as I was fighting the tears. When he placed the ring that matched my engagement ring on my finger, my fingers were shaking so badly he had to hold my hand a little tighter so he could slip it on. A small sob escaped me as he lifted my hand to his lips and kissed my finger that now held our pledge of love.

I repeated the same vows-promising to be his friend, lover, and soul mate for eternity. Dallas handed me the ring and I dabbed at my tears so I could see what I was doing before taking it and placing it on his finger.

"I now pronounce you husband and wife. Shane, you may kiss your bride." The minister hadn't even finished speaking before Shane pulled me tenderly against him. He lifted me a few inches off the ground as his head lowered. When our lips met, for the first time as husband and wife, the magic-the chemistry that had always been so strong between us-sparked higher. I clung to him, kissing him deeper, forgetting about the group of friends and family watching us as he devoured my mouth in a kiss that sealed our pledge deeper than any ring ever could.

--

"Ladies and gentlemen. I give you Mr. and Mrs. Shane Stevenson!"

It sounded like the reception hall was full of hundreds of people instead of less than fifty as Shane and I walked into the room hand in hand. Our friends, family, a few of my co-workers, and some of the road crew that had been with Demon's Wings for years were in attendance. It was small, intimate, and absolutely perfect in my eyes.

"To kick off the festivities the bride and groom will have their first dance." The wedding planner had a sultry, very sexy voice-something I hadn't noticed until just now. But that thought completely evaporated from my brain as Shane pulled me into his arms and the lights were dimmed.

I had no clue what music was going to play. Shane and I didn't really have a specific song and I had asked him to deal with it all. I knew that he had been working with Nik on a playlist and I was excited to hear what they had come up with. My man wasn't a music snob. I knew there was going to be a variety of genres on his playlist. Thank all of Emmie's freaking gods, because as much as I loved rock-n-roll I didn't want to spend our entire wedding reception with my hands in the air.

The piano startled me, and then I was melting against my husband as John Legend's "All of Me" filled the room. A spotlight was put on us as Shane danced me around the small section of the reception room used for a dance floor. His lips pressed against my ear and I shivered as he sang to me. "Because all of me, loves all of you... You're my End and my Beginning..."

Tears were flooding down my cheeks and I buried my face in his chest, clutching at him as he serenaded me in front of all the people we loved. As the song slowly came to an end I was nearly sobbing, literally so happy that I had to cry or implode. Shane kissed my tears away, whispering how much he loved me in my ear over and over again until at last the music ended and I was a weak mess using him to hold me up.

Around us everyone was applauding again, but I barely paid them any attention as the strings of the next song started playing and my happy sobs turned into giggles. America Authors' "Best Day of My Life" flooded the room and I wrapped my arms around Shane's neck, kissing him long and deep as the words echoed everything I was feeling.

This really was the best day of my life.

I spent the next hour being passed from dance partner to dance partner. My dad, Nik, Axton, Jesse and then Drake. Then my boss, Rex who was the executive editor and CEO of American Rocker. I also danced one with Mia, because she said we looked like twins and twins had to dance to at least one song. Wroth and Zander were sweet when they danced with me, while Devlin was a flirt the whole time. When my new father-in-law offered me his hand I was a little reluctant to take it, but didn't want to cause a scene. I let him lead me to the middle of the room, my smile on the forced side as I stepped onto the dance floor with him.

It was hard to look at him and not see the family resemblance to Shane and Drake, who could easily be confused for twins at a distance. Clyde Stevenson was still a very good-looking man even, and I knew from just looking at him that both his sons-and yes, his daughters too-would age gracefully. He seemed nice enough, but I held back from letting myself really like him because neither Shane nor Drake had truly forgiven him for abandoning them when they had desperately needed him the most. And because I couldn't forgive him, I definitely could not forgive his wife. Stella Stevenson was the reason Clyde had turned his back on his sons, and no woman should ever demand that of a man.

"Thanks for including Natalie and Jenna in the wedding party," Clyde said.

"No thanks is needed. I love them both. Jenna is very special to both Shane and me. I wish we could see more of her." Since the move to California, Jenna wasn't able to visit us as often as she had when we lived in New York.

"I'm sure we can work something out so that she can come visit a little more often," Clyde assured me. "She's been complaining non-stop about not seeing you and Shane, but at least she still gets to visit Natalie, and Drake during the months he's on the East Coast."

We danced a little longer in silence and I was starting to wish the song was over already when he spoke again. "I want to thank you, Harper."

I blinked. "Thank me? What for?"

He blew out a long sigh, full of emotions I wasn't sure I wanted to name because that would mean I felt sympathy for this man. "For loving my son. For making him the happiest I have ever seen him. You're the reason he has a smile on his face more often than not. Look, I realize my opinion doesn't count for beans to you or anyone else in this room. Lana especially." He grimaced. I could just imagine what Lana had said to him about his opinion and whatever else. "But, I just had to say it. So, thank you."

The song drew to an end and I found myself hugging him, if a little awkwardly. "Like I said, no thanks is needed, Clyde."

Dinner was just as delicious as I had been expecting. I sat at our long table with our wedding party, tasting a little of everything from my plate as well as Shane's when he wasn't looking. I was sipping on my champagne, half listening to someone giving a speech, when my entire day went from amazing to complete shit.

No way. No. No. NO. FUCKING. WAY!

The words must have actually came out instead of echoing in my head because a few of the closer-sitting guests gasped. I stood up so fast that my chair toppled over and I just stood there, staring at the only two people I would have paid money to have pushed into the bowels of hell.

My mother was sitting at a table just off to my left. My beautiful stepsister taking her seat as if she belonged here, when she was just tainting everything that I thought was achingly perfect only seconds ago. When she noticed my eyes on them my mother actually smiled. Not her catty smile that she always used to put me down and make me feel lacking, but the sweet I'm-such-a-good-person smile.

Beside me Shane muttered a violent curse and I felt Emmie moving behind me, already on her phone talking softly-deadly-to security. I turned to Shane. "How did they get in here?" I whispered.

I saw the guilt in his eyes even as his throat worked with emotion. Damn it! I had seen that same look in his eyes the night he had blindsided me with a surprise dinner with those same bitches years ago. I sucked in a deep breath, my hands clenching into fists as I tried to reign in my growing anger at him. "You?"

"I made a mistake. She called me last night, crying about how she wanted to be a better mother. I felt like shit and I finally just emailed her an invitation. But I realized it was a mistake as soon as I woke up this morning. Emmie tightened security, told them not to let her in. When she didn't show up for the ceremony we thought she wasn't going to come... I guess she decided to wait until our guard was down." He caught hold of my fists, bringing them to his lips. "I'm sorry, beautiful. So sorry I let them ruin our day."

I closed my eyes, blocking out the sight of his wet eyes and the crowd behind him.

It had been years since I had seen either my mother or stepsister. I hadn't taken their phone calls. Had tossed out every Christmas card and even the one birthday card my mom had actually remembered to send. Shane had made me realize that I didn't need them in my life and I wasn't going to let them guilt me like they once had when I was growing up...

I didn't need them! And I sure as fuck wasn't going to let them mess this day up for Shane and me.

I opened my eyes and wrapped my arms around Shane's neck. "I'm not mad at you," I told him, kissing his cheek. "Let's just ignore them. If we pretend they aren't here... Well that will really piss Mother off."

Blue-gray eyes widened in surprise. "Really? You aren't upset with me?"

I shook my head. "I was. For about a minute." We both grinned, and I stood on my toes to brush my lips across his. "We both know I can't stay mad at you for more than a minute."

"Emmie will have security toss their asses out if you want."

"No. Ariana is queen of scenes and I don't want to give her the chance to make one. So, like I said, ignore them." I glanced at Emmie over Shane's shoulder. When she raised a brow at me, her cell glued to her ear, I shook my head. She shrugged, as if saying it was my party.

"Okay!" Dallas had the microphone now, having relieved the wedding planner of it to make her speech. I turned to face her and Shane wrapped his arms around my waist, his lips brushing over the top of my head. "Well, if you don't know me then you don't know Harper. She's been my best friend since we were both teenagers. We bonded over similar yet at the same time different mommy issues and the shared hatred for Ariana Calloway-who is here by the way! Evil bitch, really, but that's another story. Today we're going to talk about Harper and only Harper."

Dallas turned the full force of her smile on me and I felt my heart lift with the love shining back at me in those blue depths. Dallas was my sister, not just my best friend. "Harper came into my life when I felt like I had no one. No one should ever feel that alone, but I didn't know that until the day I met the gaze of a violet-eyed beauty. She is the most loving, giving, forgiving, and beautiful inside and out person I have ever had the good fortune to meet. I hope that Shane realizes what a treasure he has been handed today, and that he respects and cherishes it for the rest of his life... Because if he doesn't I have a ball bat with his name engraved on it." The room filled with laughter, most of them not suspecting that Dallas was completely serious.

I snickered, but lifted my champagne flute to my lips as Dallas finished her toast.

Chapter 8

Layla

That freaking cake was calling my very pregnant name!

I glared at the twelve-tiered thing, my mouth watering at just the sight. I had been with Harper and Emmie when they did taste tests for the perfect flavors. Some kind of lemon creme was what Harper had finally decided on for the entire thing. It shouldn't have surprised me. If you walked into Shane and Harper's house right now all you would smell was lemon. Candles, hand soap, dishwashing detergent. They were freaks for lemon.

And the two beasts in my stomach were wanting to dive into sweet dessert.

I rubbed a hand over my very distended stomach, silently begging them to behave. Beside me Jesse was people watching. Or rather, boy watching. One in particular. Harris Cutter was dancing with Lucy, who seemed a little star struck by the fourteen-year-old. I thought it was adorable. But Big Daddy wasn't having the same thoughts as I was.

I nudged his arm with my elbow, trying to draw his attention to me and not the kids dancing less than fifteen feet away. "Hey."

Jesse barely spared me a glance. "Yeah, baby?"

"He's just dancing with her, Jess."

"Who's dancing with who?"

My eyes narrowed and I realized that maybe his eyes weren't narrowed on Devlin's son but only on Lucy. "What's with you?"

He shook his head, then seemed to force his gaze from our daughter to me. "Sorry, was I spacing?"

"Big time. Is something wrong? You really haven't been acting like yourself all day." Actually he had been spacing on and off since the ceremony. I had put it down to concern after I had told him that Emmie was pregnant and initially hadn't taken the news well.

"It's nothing. I'm just tired. Couldn't sleep worth shit last night without you beside me, baby." He leaned over and kissed my cheek, but moments later his eyes were back on Lucy. His gaze was zeroed in on her for the next hour, following her every move as she went around the room talking with all the people that she knew, which was nearly everyone present.

While he watched Lucy I watched him. His jaw was tense, his skin on the pale side. My usual happy-go-lucky husband was scaring the fuck out of me. I wanted to grab hold of him and demand he tell me what the hell was going on.

"Did Lucy do something I should know about? Is she in trouble?" I finally demanded, knowing that if that were the case, Jesse would have already told me about it. Damn it, Lucy would have already told me about it. We were all open and honest in our little family. It was our house rule!

"No."

Okay, now I was starting to get upset. "Then why can't she take two steps without you nearly freaking out? Why the fuck did you just follow her to the bathroom!"

Lucy had been standing talking with Jenna, Harris, and Harper's boss's daughter. When the three girls had left the reception hall to use the bathroom Jesse had gone even tenser and followed after them. When they had returned he had come back and sat down beside me. I grabbed his arm, forcing him to turn his gaze from Lucy who was now dancing with Shane.

If I had been freaking out before, the sight of his eyes sent me over the edge. Those ever-changing dark eyes that I fell in love with before I had even guessed I loved the man, were the darkest I had ever seen them. Whatever was going on was bad. Really, really bad.

"You'd better start talking or I'm going to start screaming," I told him as calmly as possible considering my heart was about to pound out of my chest.

Jesse swallowed hard, running his free hand over his shaved head. "I don't want you to worry about this, okay? I'm going to handle it first thing in the morning. I swear to gods I'm going to fix this. Okay?"

"What needs fixed?"

"When I went home yesterday to water your plants and get the mail... There was a guy sitting in the driveway. He said he had been waiting for a few days. He wanted to talk to either me or you. It didn't matter who..." Jesse blew out a frustrated breath, his gaze going back to Lucy almost unconsciously. "He served me with legal papers, Layla."

"Legal papers? What for? Are we being sued or something?" I was even more confused but the sudden butterflies in my stomach had nothing to do with the twins and everything to do with a nameless fear.

Jesse shook his head. "Not for money. For custody. Lucy's real father wants her."

If I hadn't been sitting down I was sure I would have fallen. All the blood drained from my head so suddenly that I felt faint and I clutched at his arm as I sucked in several deep breaths. Like his gaze, my eyes went straight for Lucy and became glued there. "I don't even know who he is," I whispered.

Adopting Lucy had been fairly easy. My mother hadn't listed her father's name. But the lawyer we had dealt with had warned us. Just because a father hadn't been named didn't mean the biological father didn't have rights. If one should one day step forward he could nullify our adoption if he wanted to. I hadn't even worried about it. The men my mother had surrounded herself with, the men who had fathered both Lana and myself were men who were not exactly happy playing daddy dearest. I assumed that whoever Lucy's sperm donor was had left Lydia without a backwards glance just as Tommy and Cole had done.

"His name is Vince Grady." His fingers wrapped around my shaking hand, entwining with mine. Lending me strength because I suddenly had absolutely none left. "That's the name on the papers that douchebag gave me. I Googled his name... Two names came up within the state of California. Some average Joe with a receding hairline and a potbelly and... some guy who has a prison record for possession of crack and aggravated assault. He has Lucy's eyes."

When Jesse's voice cracked on the last word I felt tears burning my eyes. This wasn't real. It couldn't be. I had just been staring at the damn cake too long, that was all. I was suffering from low blood sugar or something. That was the only explanation for this nightmare I was suddenly in.

Nausea like I had never had in the beginning of my pregnancy rolling in my stomach and I struggled to stand. Jesse stood quickly and helped me to my feet. I practically ran out of the reception hall toward the closest bathroom. As soon as I opened the stall everything that I had dared to eat that day came up.

A sob racked my body and I had to grab onto the toilet seat before I fell to my knees. I wasn't sure what hurt more, my stomach or my heart. Oh fuck! I couldn't lose Lucy. I couldn't! She was proof that there was still good in the world.

"Layla?" I didn't even try to raise my head as Lana's concerned voice drifted to me from the other side of the door. Another wave of nausea washed over me and I couldn't help but cry out before I emptied the rest of the contents of my stomach.

"Is she okay?" Emmie's voice was just as concerned as my sister's was. "Jesse wasn't making much sense."

When there was nothing left to come up I straightened on shaking legs and slowly opened the door. I couldn't stop the flow of tears as they rained down my face. I was scared-no I was fucking terrified! By blood, Lucy was just my half-sister. In my soul, she was as much my daughter as the babies I carried inside of me.

Lana stepped forward, grasping my cold, nerveless hands. "What's wrong? Did you eat something that disagreed with the babies?"

I shook my head, panting as the nausea was suddenly replaced with a tightening in my stomach that was so painful I nearly fell to my knees for an entirely different reason. "Fu-ck!"

"It's because you're so upset." Emmie put her arm around me, urging me to the little sofa against the wall. "Come and sit down. Take a few deep breaths."

My hands clutched at my stomach as I tried to breathe through the cramp or contraction or whatever the hell it was. Apparently my babies didn't like it when their momma was upset. It took nearly a full minute before the pain subsided and I breathed a sigh of relief as the pain faded. Lana was sitting on one side of me while Emmie sat on the other.

My sister leaned forward with a damp paper towel to wipe at my damp brow. "Now, let's talk about what made you so upset."

Fresh tears pooled in my eyes and I bit my lip to keep from sobbing. "Lucy's...real dad?" They both nodded and I could actually feel their tension. "He wants...custody."

"But you adopted her." Lana looked as pale as I felt, her eyes nearly as wild as I suspected mine were. She had been the one to take care of Lucy from the day she was born until our mother had died and the girls had come to live with me. Lucy was ours. "She's legally yours and Jesse's. Right?"

I shook my head. "Technically yes. But the lawyer and even the judge told us that if Lucy's real father ever showed up and could prove paternity then he had a viable case to take her. I never gave it another thought because all of Lydia's other baby-daddies were such deadbeats that they didn't want to be a part of our lives..."

"Who is he?" Lana asked. "There were so many men coming and going around that time I wasn't sure who her father really was."

"Vince Grady is the name on the papers Jesse was served yesterday."

Lana flinched as if I had physically hit her and she shot unsteadily to her feet. Emmie moved quickly to steady her in case she were to fall, but Lana moved to the sink and clenched the edge of the tiled top. "Oh my god," she whispered, her dark head bowed while her long black hair fell in her face.

"What?" I demanded, my voice rising without me really meaning to do so. If I was terrified before then there hadn't even been a word invented yet to describe how scared I was now.

After a hesitation Lana finally turned to face me. "He's violent, Layla. Mom didn't keep him around long because he was too extreme even for her. Vince hit her all the time, and we moved not long after she broke up with him... I can remember asking her why and she said so we would be safe. A few months later a cop knocked on our door and said that he was going on trial and they needed Mom to testify. By that time she was about six months pregnant."

"So he really could be Lucy's father?"

"I can't tell you for sure, Layla. I wish I could tell you that he is some playboy rock star like yours and mine. Or even one of her sugar daddies instead of her coke dealer. Only a paternity test can do that."

Emmie was noticeably quiet beside me and I glanced over at her. She was typing something into her phone, her face expressionless. The only sign that she was as upset as both Lana and myself was the way her jaw was clenched. I knew that she loved Lucy as much as any of us. Because we'd had the same type of mother, Emmie saw the little girl she had once been in Lucy.

After a moment of tense silence, Emmie finally dropped her phone onto her lap. "The lawyer you used for the adoption will be at my house at eight in the morning. We'll get this taken care of, Layla. Don't worry about it. There isn't a way in hell that you're going to lose Lucy."

If anyone could fix this for Jesse and me, it was Emmie. But for the first time since I had known my best friend, I wasn't feeling as optimistic about her ability to fix something.

There was a heavy tap on the bathroom door before Drake's head peeked around the corner. "Ladies, everything okay in here?" When his eyes landed on Lana, noticing instantly how tense and pale she was, he stepped fully into the room. "Angel?"

"I'll tell you all about it later, Drake," she promised, holding out her arms for her husband's hug. When he wrapped his arms around her tenderly she buried her face in his wide chest. "Just hold me for now, babe."

"I need to get back to Jesse." I frowned, wondering how I was going to get up off the sofa. Emmie stood and offered me a hand, but I shook my head at her. No way was I going to let tiny, pregnant Emmie pull on my fat ass. "Don't even think about it. You'll hurt yourself and the baby."

That had both my sister and brother-in-law jerking around. "Baby?" Drake's eyes widened and went straight to Emmie's still-flat stomach. "Are you pregnant again, Em?"

"Apparently." She offered him a small smile. "I have an appointment tomorrow afternoon to confirm it."

"No wonder you've been so sick lately!" Lana stepped around Drake and embraced Emmie, who hugged her back. "Congrats, Em."

Drake kissed Emmie's cheek before finally taking pity on me and offering me his hand. He practically lifted me to my feet with one hand. This close he could see how red and puffy my eyes were. "Whatever it is, Layla, we'll work through this together as a family."

Tears burned my eyes all over again and I could only nod.

Chapter 9

Shane

I was standing with Harper and her boss, Rex, when I saw Jesse's face.

Without thinking about what I was doing I pressed a kiss to Harper's temple and started toward my friend. By the time I made it over, Nik had already joined him. Their gazes were suddenly locked on Lucy and the small group of teenagers surrounding her. The look on Jesse's face was something I remembered well from when we were on the road touring without Emmie.

Every nerve in my body seemed to come to burning life. Whatever was going on with my friend, was bad. I put my hand on the big man's shoulder and squeezed. "What's up?"

Jesse's throat worked once, twice before he could finally speak. The words that came out of his mouth hit me square in the chest and I found my gaze going straight to Lucy too. I had known her since she was six years old. The day that Jesse adopted her---no, damn it, before then!-she became my niece in my heart. She was as much a part of my family as if she had been born in it. We couldn't lose her!

"We'll get through this," Nik told Jesse, his jaw clenched as he watched Wroth go up to Lucy and ask her to dance with him.

Lucy hugged him and then followed the big, woman-hating rocker onto the dance floor. Even someone as hard-hearted as Wroth Niall had a soft spot for Lucy. She was just that fucking special.

Layla, Emmie, Lana, and Drake joined us as the words left Nik's mouth. Layla wrapped her arms around her husband's waist and Emmie grasped Jesse's hands. "We'll sort it out, Jesse. You know this asshat just wants a payoff. The lawyer can handle all the legal shit, but I'll start liquidating some assets. A few million and he won't bother you again."

Some of the tension eased from the drummer's shoulders, but he didn't speak. He was too emotional, too tormented. We could all see the tears in his dark eyes.

Lana rubbed her hand over my back. "Okay. Let's just relax for now. Nothing can get sorted until morning. It's not every day ex-man-sluts get hitched." A small smile twitched at my lips. I hadn't been a man slut in years now and she knew it. "Dance with me?"

I met Drake's gaze over her head, asking permission. Since Lana had gotten pregnant my brother had become even more possessive-yeah, I know. I wouldn't have thought it was possible either. When Drake nodded his head I wrapped my arms around her waist and guided her toward the dance floor.

"Don't let this ruin your honeymoon plans," she said after only a moment's hesitation.

I clenched my jaw. Honestly, I had already mentally started a checklist of what I needed to do to postpone the trip to Mexico. I knew that Harper would understand. She loved Lucy just as much as I did. We couldn't run off for a week when our family was dealing with this shit. "Don't worry about it, Lana. A few weeks' delay isn't going to hurt anyone."

"It's going to stress Jesse and Layla out even more. They don't want to ruin your honeymoon. Let us take care of it. Go and enjoy yourselves." She had that look in her whisky eyes. The one that was full of stubborn determination.

"Do you honestly think I could enjoy five seconds of my honeymoon knowing the hell that Jesse and your sister-and you too, damn it-are going through back here?" I demanded quietly. "I'll make it up to Harper."

My gaze drifted over Lana's dark head, searching for Harper through the crowd. She wasn't with Rex any longer. I stopped dancing, my heart beating frantically as I searched for her. "Where is she?"

I hoped she was with Dallas, but saw that Axton was dancing with the other woman. When I spotted Cecil, he was talking with my stepmother. No Harper there. Grimacing I walked away from Lana, knowing she wouldn't care.

"...what a nice little setup you have, Harper."

That fucking voice! I hated the sound of it. When Monica had called me last night I should have just ignored it. But if my mom had still been alive I would have wanted her here at my wedding. So I had given in, answered my phone, and then let her guilt me into extending the invitation. Of course I had awoken with the knowledge that I had fucked up. Again!

Harper had been so cool about it. At first I thought she was going to run away from me, like the last time I had forced her to confront her mother and stepsister. But after only a brief moment in which I thought my whole world was going to come crumbling down, she accepted it all. Instead of giving Emmie the go-ahead to kick Monica and Ariana out, she had let them stay. Choosing to ignore them.

Apparently they hadn't gotten the memo.

I reached the back of the reception hall. A table laid out with champagne glasses was behind Harper. She had one delicate flute in her hand as she stood with a bored look on her beautiful face. Her violet eyes told a different story. She looked lost, alone. Like the broken girl I had met an eternity ago.

There was no way in hell I was going to let her feel like that again!

Monica's back was to me, just as Ariana's was. I barely spared them a glance as I pushed through them and wrapped my arms around Harper's waist. Before she could open her mouth I kissed her, letting my hands drift over her gorgeous body. A body that only I had ever touched, cherished. Worshiped.

When I finally pulled away we were both panting slightly. When I opened my eyes it was my Harper staring back at me, not the little girl who had been her mother's verbal whipping post. "Hi, beautiful."

"Hi back."

I pushed a lock of her sweet smelling hair away from her face. "I was thinking we could cut the cake, throw that pretty bouquet at Dallas's head, and then head home. I want to make love to my wife in our bed tonight."

Her eyes darkened at the word wife. "I like that plan. But can I take some of the cake home with us? I really want to share some of it with you."

"Is it the lemon creme?" She bit her lip, nodding. I swallowed a groan. Lemon. Harper. Our wedding night. I was going to die a happy man tonight! "Take a whole fucking tier, baby."

Her giggle went straight to my dick and I shifted against her; trying to find a more comfortable position to stand since my dick was now trying to burst through the zipper of my dress pants. "Yay!"

Someone behind us cleared their throat loudly. I finally turned my head enough to give them a sweeping once over. As they had been the last time, both Monica and Ariana were the plastic twins. Fake in a way that shined through to the black soul that was beneath. Their perfume had been smothering, while their makeup was so thick it was on a whole new level of unattractive. True, Ariana-even the way she looked now-would have been my ideal one-night stand back in the day before Harper.

Key words: Before. Harper.

Now there was no woman on the planet who could make my dick so much as twitch other than the one whom I had just put a ring on. "Sorry, ladies, I didn't see you. My girl outshines any woman here so much that you fake-ass bitches are transparent."

"Is that any way to talk to your mother-in-law?" Monica demanded in her arctic cold tone.

"Probably not. I'm sure I'm supposed to kiss your ass and even flirt a little. But I'm not the average son-in-law. I don't kiss ass, and especially not one that has been passed around so many times." My eyes went to Ariana as I said the last part. She gasped, her face turning blood red with embarrassment. "You're lucky you got through the door, bitches. One word and you will be tossed out on your asses. I'm sure that all the paparazzi waiting at the gates would love to take pictures of that. How humiliating would it be if you were on the cover of some trashy magazine? 'Skanky mother-of-the-bride and her disease-infested stepsister tossed out of Rocker's wedding reception.' Yeah, that would bring in millions of readers."

Harper cuddled closer against my side. "Well, I would say it was good to see you, mother, but that would be a lie. Excuse us. We have other guests to tend to." I kissed the top of her head and we walked around the two women.

"Harper..." Monica hesitated and Harper turned her head just enough to see her mother, "I'm still your mother. You can't ignore me the rest of your life."

Harper shrugged. "Maybe not, but I can sure as hell try." She wrinkled her nose. "And you two should really stop bathing in the French perfume. Seriously, I've been trying not to gag for the last five minutes."

"You ungrateful little mutant!" Ariana took a step closer and I pushed Harper behind me. The look on my face gave her pause and she faltered on her next step forward.

"It's time for you to leave now, ho bags," I informed them. The thought alone of this bitch touching Harper made my blood boil. I was five seconds away from hitting a woman for the first time in my life. "Try to do so with a little grace. Or I will have the guards carry you out with your hands zip-tied behind your backs."

"Well, hello." Emmie's voice had me turning my head. She stood with Dallas less than three feet away. The look on her face would have scared the shit out of me if I had been the reason for it. The same look was nearly mirrored on Dallas's face. "I see someone has over-stayed their welcome."

Ariana's eyes narrowed on Emmie. It wasn't a secret that Ariana's modeling career had been washed down the drain by Emmie. With only two phone calls from Emmie, Ariana had gone from a somewhat well-known, well paid model in Europe to not having a leg to stand on in the fashion world. "You!" Spit flew from Ariana's mouth she said the word with such venom. "I've been looking forward to coming face to face with you. You ruined my life, you stupid bitch."

I took a step forward, planning on putting myself between Emmie and any possible danger. Ariana moved faster than I expected, however, and was just inches from Em before I could take another step. Emmie looked calm on the outside, but I could see the rage building in her eyes...

The sudden scream that filled the air had every head turning. Dallas grabbed a handful of Ariana's dry, bottle blonde hair and yanked her away from Emmie. Still holding her by the hair, Dallas turned the other woman around to face her. "Big mistake, cunt face," she snarled before punching a struggling Ariana in the face.

Blood instantly flooded from Ariana's nose and she screamed even louder as she covered her face with her hands. Harper leaned around me to watch the fight, her hands holding onto my arm as Dallas pushed Ariana away from her and punched her again. Ariana fell on her ass, but her eyes were full of hate.

Dallas stood over her, hands on her hips. "Damn, I've wanted to do that for so long. If I'd known that it would feel that good I would have done it sooner."

"That was beautiful!" Harper walked around me and wrapped her arms around her best friend's waist. "I'd ask you to do it again so I could take pictures of the whole thing, but knowing Ariana she'd get blood all over my dress."

"I'm pretty sure the photographer got a few shots in, Harper," Cecil commented drily as he appeared, his eyes narrowed on his biological daughter. It was so hard to believe that Cecil, a man I loved and respected, was the father of the trash sitting on the floor, bleeding. His eyes were disappointed as he glared down at his child. "I've officially had enough of your stunts, Ariana. I'm cutting you and your stepmother off as of right now."

"What?!" Ariana exclaimed, her voice muffled as she continued to hold her hands over her nose. "But Daddy..!"

"Let's see how your attitude changes without my money to support you for the next year or so, girl. Maybe if you can prove to me you can be a decent human being we will revisit the subject."

"Cecil, you don't mean that." Monica stepped around her now sobbing stepdaughter. "You wouldn't..."

"Watch me." Cecil's voice was cold, hard. His eyes emotionless as he glared at his ex-wife. I honestly didn't understand why he still supported the woman after so many years of being divorced, but I thought it might have something to do with his love for Harper.

"Shane, I think it's time to cut the cake." Emmie touched my arm. "I'm sure everyone could use some dessert. I'll make sure security sees these lovely ladies off the property."

My gaze went from Harper and Dallas, to Cecil and my new mother-in-law, to the sobbing mess on the floor before finding Emmie's green eyes. "Are you okay?" I murmured, concerned with the paleness of her face. "Did she hurt you?" I hadn't seen Ariana touch Emmie, but if she had I was going to kill the bitch!

One side of Emmie's mouth lifted in a forced smile. "It's just been a long day, Shane. Go, I'll take care of this mess."

"I don't know what I would do without you, Em." I pressed a kiss to her forehead. "I don't ever want to find out."

--

The limo was waiting outside.

With the cake cut and all of our guests pigging out on the decadent dessert, I was ready to take my bride home, strip her of the expensive dress she was wearing, and make love to her. I licked my lips, tasting the sweet lemon flavor of the icing that still lingered at the corner of my mouth after Harper had shoved the first bite into my face.

"We're leaving!" I announced to the room at large, not caring that it was still early.

Harper, who was just a few feet away-which was as far as I was letting her get since her mother and stepsister had been escorted out by three burly men in suits-turned her head to glance at me. From the look in those violet eyes I knew she was anticipating what was about to come just as much as I was. "Let's go."

"But she still has to throw the bouquet!" Jenna whined from behind me and I sighed.

"Fine," I grumbled, feeling like a petulant child being denied my favorite toy. "Throw the damn thing," I told Harper, my bottom lip pouting out.

She giggled and wrapped herself around me, kissing away my pout. "It will only take a minute," she whispered, her fingers roaming over my chest as she kissed me again. "Go tell the guys and Emmie bye. While I take care of this."

I didn't move. There was no use in telling them goodbye since we weren't leaving the next morning for Mexico as expected. I wasn't going to waste a second. As soon as she threw the bouquet I was tossing her over my shoulder and we were going home.

Rolling her eyes at my stubbornness she picked the flowers up from the table behind me as the wedding planner asked all the unmarried ladies to group together. Walking over to the group, Harper turned her back to them and slung the bouquet over her shoulder without glancing behind her...

Dallas's not so quietly growled curse was all I needed to know that she had caught the flowers. I glanced around for Axton, curious as to his reaction. He wasn't even looking in Dallas's direction, but standing in a corner with his phone to his ear talking to someone. He didn't look happy, and his gaze kept going toward Liam's general direction. Trouble for sure.

Deciding that I wasn't going to worry about my friend, I took a step toward Harper. Without even realizing it I broke into a run and scooped her into my arms without breaking stride toward the closest exit. "Now, let's go home," I growled against her ear.

She shivered and like always my body went rock hard knowing that she was so turned on. Behind us I heard people shouting, felt the gentle fall of birdseed, but paid no attention to any of it as I slipped inside the back of the limo with Harper on my lap. No sooner than the car was in motion was Harper working on getting my shirt off. There was no way in hell we would be able to make it home before either of us exploded.

I lifted her and set her on the long bench seat, then sat on the floor and started pushing the skirt of her dress up, kissing my way up her legs as inch by inch her skin was exposed. I stopped when I reached her lacy white panties, licking over the damp center before reaching for the hem of the almost-virginal underwear.

The feel of something like a bandage distracted me. Concerned that she had been hurt and I hadn't known I lifted my head to inspect the bandage that went across her lower abdomen. "What's this?" I asked her, raising my eyes to capture her gaze in the dim lighting of the limo.

Harper bit her lip. "I wanted to surprise you..." she said hesitantly. "If you don't like it I'll have it covered up with something else."

My eyes widened. "A tattoo?" She nodded. "Fuck, I have to see this!" I gently lifted one edge of the bandage and pulled until the skin between her pelvic bones was exposed.

The sight that greeted me made my breath catch in my throat. My name was written on her flesh, with the 'S' designed like a demon's wing and the 'e' like a demon's tail. It was all blood red with black shading and I knew that Drake had to have designed the ink that now branded my girl. The sight of my name had never turned me on before, but at this moment in time I was sure I was going to explode all over the beautiful creature spread out on the seat before me.

"D-do you like it?"

"It's perfect, beautiful," I assured her, tenderly tracing my finger along each letter. "I love it... I love you, Harper."

Chapter 10

Axton

The background from the wedding was making it hard to hear the woman on the other end of the phone. It wasn't that I wanted to know what she was saying, but that I needed to know. She wouldn't have called me unless absolutely necessary. That was the way our relationship was these days.

Gabriella Moreitti called only when she absolutely had to.

I understood her reasons for keeping her distance. I kept mine for the same ones. We had really screwed each other up, and while my friends were all loyal and assumed that Brie had been the one to cause all of the problems we'd had in our chaotic, batshit crazy romance, I couldn't let her take all the blame.

I had been messed up in the head. Thinking I was in love with one person, hiding those feelings as much as possible by diving head first into a relationship that was only about lust-and yeah, even that hadn't lasted for very long. Problem was I had been in love with the idea of being in love and Brie had been just as stubborn about her own feelings about someone else. While we had tried to hide how we really felt we had pretended to ourselves we loved each other.

She had seen right through me while it had taken me a few months, but I had finally put together who she had been messed up over.

Now we tried to stay friends, or at least be civil with each other. My friendship with Brie's cousin, Alexis-or LeeLee as Brie tended to call her-pretty much made sure that we saw each other regularly. Her career kept throwing us together in the rock world. We couldn't really avoid each other if we tried.

"He's definitely using again, Ax." Brie's ever so subtly Italian accent was more pronounced when she was upset. "I've found three eight balls of coke alone and a meth pipe. He has this shit in my apartment! Jordan is here almost every weekend. If he found this stuff..." she broke off, swearing in Italian and I couldn't blame her. I was cursing mentally myself.

Jordan, Alexis and Jared's son, was just a few months younger than Mia. I was Uncle Ax to both those little rotten babies and I would kill anyone who hurt them. "I know, Brie," I told her, glancing toward the table where Wroth, Marissa, and Liam were sitting. Devlin and Harris were standing beside them, talking and laughing as they watched Zander dancing with Shane's stepmother.

I'd had big plans for tonight. All of them had included Dallas being naked and in my arms. Cursing, I turned away from the sight of my bandmates having a seemingly good time and glared out the window into the gardens Shane and Harper had gotten married in just a few hours ago. "I'll be there in twenty minutes, Brie. Don't touch anything. I'll help you find the rest..."

"Rest? There is more of this shit?" she yelled into the receiver and I grimaced as her shrill voice made my ears ring.

"There's always more," I told her honestly. "He hides that shit everywhere. Just keep calm and I'll be right over."

"I'm over this!" she whispered so low that I had to strain to hear her. "I'm so completely over this shit."

"Twenty minutes," I repeated before disconnecting and pocketing my phone.

"Twenty minutes?" I turned to find Dallas standing behind me. Her hair was a sexy mess, her eyes slightly over bright, and she was carrying the bouquet. Damn, I'd missed her catching it! "Are you leaving?"

"Something has come up." She raised a brow and I grimaced. "I have to take care of something. There's no telling how long it will take, but I'll call you as soon as I'm through."

When I reached for her to kiss her she took a step back. "Are you leaving because of Gabriella Moreitti?" There was no right answer to that question, I was sure. If I said no, I would be lying. If I said yes, she was going to think all the wrong things. When I didn't immediately answer her, Dallas laughed. "Of course. I'm an idiot for thinking differently. Not thirty minutes ago you said you wanted to talk, but I'm pretty sure we don't have anything left to say to each other."

"You're wrong," I told her, wishing I had time to convince her differently. But I knew that if I didn't get to Brie's apartment in the time frame I had promised she would probably call the cops. She might love Liam Bryant, but she wasn't going to let him endanger her nephew. "I'll call you later, Dallas. I'll explain everything then, but I really have to get going."

"Don't bother. I'm through. Thanks for the sex fest the other night. It was the closure I seriously needed." She pushed the bridal bouquet against my chest. "Here, take the chick some flowers. I really don't want them."

She walked away before I could open my mouth. I took one step, ready to follow her when Wroth stopped me. "Looked like an intense conversation you were having on the phone earlier. Everything okay?"

"No!" I exploded. "Your fucking cousin is ruining everything. Again! I have to go clean up a mess and then we are all sitting down and having a band meeting."

Wroth's eyes narrowed. "What did he do this time?"

"He's using. There are drugs all over Brie's apartment and she's about thirty minutes away from turning his ass over to the cops. So while I should be chasing after that woman..." I pointed after Dallas's retreating back as she walked up to Linc. The muscle head wrapped her in his arms and kissed the top of her head. "...I have to go to my batshit crazy ex's house and clean out Liam's hidden stash."

"Fuck!" Wroth glanced over at the table he had just come from. Liam was talking with his sister, making her smile. Marissa leaned her head against his arm, adoring the man who was all the family she had left in the world. "This is going to destroy Rissa."

"Yeah." I raked my hands through my hair. "And when Emmie finds out she's going to bust his balls... After I do it. She's not going to let him go on tour still using." We had a tour scheduled for March. Natalie was going to be traveling with us but she was going to be reporting everything back to Emmie daily. She wouldn't think twice about canceling the entire tour over Liam's problem. Ever since Drake had gotten his act cleaned up, Em had developed a zero tolerance for bad habits.

"Go take care of Brie and clean the place up. I'll talk to Dev and Zander. Once I make sure that Rissa gets home okay we'll take Liam to Zander's and wait for you there. This will get sorted out tonight."

I didn't believe him, and I was sure that he really didn't believe himself. How many times had we been cleaning up after Liam? How many times had we made excuses for him, forced him into rehab and then waited for him to start the cycle all over again just a few weeks after getting out? But I cared about Liam, and I loved Marissa, so I would go through it all again to help my friend.

"Sounds like a plan." I nodded then pulled my keys from my pocket. "Call me when you get there."

"Make sure you check the closets. And under the dressers. Sometimes he hides his stash in his dirty clothes hamper."

"Yeah, I remember."

Two hours later I sat on Brie's couch glaring down at the coffee table and the drugs spread across it. All of this had been in the apartment for only god knew how long and during that time Jordan could have found any one of these things and died instantly. Thank god Brie always watched him like a hawk when she had him.

"I've packed his stuff," she told me as she walked into the living room. Her voice was devoid of emotion but that told me more than if she had been hysterical. This was hurting her, coming to the decisions that I knew she'd had to make. "Take it with you when you go, okay?"

I nodded. "If that's what you want."

"Of course it's what I want..." She tossed her long black hair away from her face. "...but if he gets clean..."

"The problem isn't him getting clean, Brie. He's done it a half dozen times before. It's keeping him clean that causes the problems. He's been using hardcore since we got in the business. His addiction rules him more than anything else. His career, the band, his friends, his family? None of it matters as long as he can get high."

"Maybe losing me will help straighten him up?"

It broke me a little to see the faint light of hope in her brown eyes. I wondered how much more it was going to take before that hope finally burned out. She hadn't seen Liam at his true worst yet, and I prayed she never did. "The longest I've ever seen him clean was when Marissa was sick, but as soon as she was better he went even more hardcore. He hasn't touched heroin since then, though. The detox from that nearly killed him."

"Meth and coke aren't as bad as heroin-" she started but I cut her off.

"Brie, don't. You can't make excuses for him. Meth and coke are just as bad. He needs help but there isn't anyone who can help him until he wants to help himself. Maybe he will want to now since he's losing you..."

"But you don't think he will." She said what I was unable to because I didn't want to hurt her more than I was sure she was already hurting.

My phone ringing kept me from having to answer. I pulled it from my pocket and saw that it was Devlin. I put it to my ear. "Yeah?"

"Liam left. He went to New York," the drummer informed me. "He was pissed that you went to Gabriella's... He was high, so of course he was spouting off about not being able to trust his friends with his girl. If he were sober he would have known that was complete bullshit, but now he's raging thinking you and Brie are hooking up."

"Of course he is." I rolled my eyes. "Can the three of you make it to New York this week?" I had to be back there by the end of the week anyway, but I wouldn't be able to handle Liam on my own. It would take Wroth and Devlin at the very least to just restrain a raging Liam. "Maybe by the time we find his ass he will have calmed down."

"Wroth is taking Marissa back to Tennessee tomorrow. He said he would be able to get to New York by Thursday. Zander is going to head out first thing in the morning, try to find him before the tabloid vultures spot Liam. I can't leave until Friday night because Harris has school. Let's plan to meet up Saturday morning, okay?"

"Fine." I rolled my neck back and forth, trying to get some of the tension out of my shoulders. "I'll talk to you before then, Dev."

"I'll talk to Natalie about finding him another rehab. Tell her to keep it on the DL from Em."

I exhaled sharply. "Good luck with that." Natalie and Devlin were like fire and ice when put together, but I knew that he was the most likely to get her to help without involving Emmie. "I have to go. I have to get rid of this stuff and then try to smooth things over with Dallas before it's too late."

"Sorry, man, but it's already too late," Devlin told me with what could only be reluctance in his tone. "Dallas heard Liam raging about you and Gabriella. So when he left, she asked if he wanted company."

"FUCK!"

Lana

When Drake wasn't on tour he always brought me breakfast in bed. Nothing too serious. A bowl of cereal, some fresh fruit, sometimes some pancakes if he was in the mood to cook. This morning, I was awake before he was, having barely slept at all the night before.

Every time I closed my eyes last night, thoughts of Lucy and Vince Grady filled my mind. All I could think about was that she could be that vile man's daughter. He had treated my mother like pure crap, which was saying something when you compared the usual disgusting men she had tended to hook up with. While most of them had creeped me out, Vince had truly scared me. Memories of my mother's face, black and blue from the beatings he had given her, flashed behind my eyes and I felt sick to my stomach.

I stood in our living room, staring out at the predawn sky. I really liked this condo, maybe even more than the house we had back in New York. But right now, the home we had created together wasn't bringing me any of the peace that I normally found here. The baby, feeling my distress, kicked out hard and I twisted as I rubbed my hand over the little foot. Drake and I hadn't settled on a name yet, although we had narrowed the long list down to two. I wished we could have just decided already, but knew that Drake wanted to wait.

Not even the baby could distract me for very long, unfortunately. My own fears and trepidations couldn't come close to what Layla and Jesse must be feeling right now. Both had been a wreck when they had finally left the wedding reception last night with a tired, but happy Lucy tucked between them. We had all decided not to tell Lucy about what was going on until we absolutely had to. There was no reason to upset her when this could all go away as quickly as it had started.

I knew what I wanted to do about the whole thing. I wanted to grab Lucy and take her back to New York with Drake and me. Hide her, protect her. My whole being was anxious to do it. The buzzing in the back of my head screaming at me to do it now, before something happened.

"You scared the hell out of me, Angel." Drake's voice startled me and I turned to face him as he came into the living room in nothing but a pair of boxers that hung low on his lean hips.

I was momentarily distracted by the view before me and that sexy V at his waist that disappeared inside of the black boxers. But then what he said penetrated my desire-fogged mind and I shook my head to clear it. He wrapped his arms around me, squeezing me tighter than he normally would have. "I've been calling for you for the last five minutes. When you didn't answer I thought something had happened."

I buried my face in his bare, clean smelling chest. "Sorry, babe. I've been lost in my own thoughts for a while."

"Lucy?" I nodded and he blew out a long sigh. "I wish I could snap my fingers and fix this for you, Angel. I'm worried too, but seeing you like this is killing me." He brushed his lips over the top of my head. "It will all work out. Emmie will do everything she can."

That was possibly the only thing that was keeping me sane. If Emmie couldn't take care of this, then I knew no one could. Two hours later, as we sat in Emmie's office listening to the lawyer lay everything out for us, I realized that it was truer than I originally thought.

Brad Horton, the lawyer who had handled Lucy's adoption, was not going to be able to help much at all. Because Lydia hadn't put Lucy's father's name on the birth certificate Jesse and Layla hadn't known who, if anyone, they had to get permission from to legally adopt her. With a man coming forward now, only a paternity test or his signature on the bottom of the papers saying he didn't contest the adoption would keep this from going to court with what would only be an extremely ugly, widely publicized custody battle.

"What's our first step?" Layla asked, her voice sounding small and completely so not the Layla that I knew. She kept rubbing her hand over her stomach as if she were in pain and I wasn't sure if it was because of all the stress she was under or if the twins were causing her problems. If those monsters inside of her were anything like the girl bouncing around in my stomach right now I knew that they weren't happy.

"First we need to do the paternity test," Brad said, taking off his thin wire-rimmed glasses and rubbing the bridge of his nose. "As soon as we get that cleared up we can move forward. I'll have the private investigator agency I use look into Mr. Grady's background. He obviously has a messy past, and if we can prove just how messy a judge won't even blink before giving you custody. However, the judicial system tends to favor the biological parent. If he can provide for her-put a roof over her head, keep her clothed, and make sure she has three meals-then that is technically all they want. The fact that Mr. Thornton and yourself can provide a private school and just about anything else a child could want doesn't matter. Plus, with you pregnant at the moment, Mrs. Thornton, the court could conclude that as you have your own family to take care of Lucy would be better off with her real father."

Jesse stood, knocking over the heavy chair he had been sitting in beside Layla. "I am Lucy's real father!" he roared, causing everyone in the room to jump except for Emmie. "I was the one who taught her to ride a bike, to surf on that beach out there! It doesn't matter that Layla is pregnant. Lucy is just as much my daughter as any child we will have together. We aren't a family without her, damn it!"

"Jesse..." Layla reached out for his hand and he seemed to calm a little at her touch. "You'll always be her dad, Jesse."

"No one could do a better job than you, bro," Shane assured him from his seat on the short couch near the window where he sat with Drake beside him and Harper on his lap. "No one could ever question that."

Emmie pushed back from her desk and stood. Her face was pale and her eyes were unreadable. She had a lot on her plate lately and this was just adding more to an already full load, but she wasn't going to complain. When it came to Emmie's family she would walk through hell and back to help us.

She stopped in front of Mr. Horton and offered her hand. "Thanks for coming by on such short notice. Get your PI people on it as soon as you possibly can. I want a report of everything they give you as soon as it's in your hands. Also, I need you to set up the paternity testing. Make sure that Grady isn't present when Lucy is getting it done. His lawyer can witness the test being administered if he must, but we want to keep this private for as long as possible. As soon as the media gets wind of this it is going to be a field day for everyone."

Horton stood, knowing that Emmie was dismissing him and that he had better get on the list of things she wanted done as soon as the door shut behind him. "Of course. I think we can have the test done this evening, if that is okay with Mr. and Mrs. Thorton?" Jesse didn't spare the man a glance but Layla nodded her head in acceptance. "Good. I'll text you the time and location."

"How long will it take for the test results come back?" Nik asked, leaning against the edge of Emmie's desk.

"Depending on how soon we can get Mr. Grady's DNA sample it shouldn't be longer than three days."

"That's a lifetime," I muttered, clenching my hands in my lap. It also meant that Drake and I would be in New York when the results came back. I wanted to be here, holding Layla's hand when she found out if Vince Grady was Lucy's biological father. It just wasn't possible though. Drake had to go back for work and I couldn't handle being away from him for more than a few hours since I had found out we were pregnant. "Does it really take that long? Or can we pay extra and get them to rush the test results?"

"This isn't something you really want to rush, Angel." Drake tried to reason with me. "We want them to be completely certain that this guy didn't donate his sperm, right?"

I sighed. "Yes..."

"I'll be expecting your call later today, Horton," Emmie told the lawyer and Nik stepped forward to show the man out. When the door was closed behind them Emmie turned to Jesse and wrapped her arms around his waist. "I think we can settle this without the lawyer. Just give me a few days, okay?"

After a small hesitation Jesse finally nodded but the tears rolling down his face gave another answer entirely. A few days really was going to be a lifetime for everyone, but especially for Jesse.

Chapter 11

Jesse

Layla wasn't feeling well. After the morning-and the weekend leading up to this morning-that we'd had, I wasn't feeling so great myself. As soon as we got home I carried her upstairs and put her in bed. She said her back was killing her and she just wanted to sleep.

Maybe I should have lain down with her and held her, but I couldn't stand still let alone go to bed. There were three hours left before Lucy came home from school. Three hours of wondering, worrying. We had to tell her. She was too smart not to wonder why she had to have the DNA test done and I didn't want to lie to her.

I found myself downstairs cleaning, something I had been doing more and more of lately since Layla was getting so big and unable to move around so much. We could have easily hired an entire housekeeping staff to keep the house in order, but she didn't want strangers in our home. Layla loved making our house a home on a daily basis. So I rinsed Lucy's breakfast dishes and put them in the dishwasher then wiped down all the counters before climbing the stairs to see if Lucy had any clothes that needed washing.

Opening the door to Lucy's room, a feeling of defeat washed over me and I dropped down on the edge of her bed. My eyes went around the room that she had decorated herself, grimly avoiding the snake in his habitat. Ziggy and I had come to an understanding. I wouldn't chop his head off in his sleep if he didn't escape from his home that Lucy painstakingly kept organized. The walls were two shades of purple, her favorite color. A zebra print separated the two colors and matched the fuzzy pillows on her bed. Against one wall was her desk with her computer and her notebook that she kept all of her rough drafts in. Lucy loved to write, to create worlds and characters that she would escape in for hours at a time.

On the wall above her desk were posters of Demon's Wings and one of OtherWorld. All of them newer, having been taken in the last two years. I loved that she liked our music, but didn't let her listen to all of our work. Some of the stuff Nik wrote was too hardcore for a nine-year-old.

My gaze went to her bedside table. A picture of her, Lana, and Layla in a purple picture frame with a dolphin sat beside her lamp. They all looked so similar, but so different. Lucy and Lana had the same shade of dark hair, but Lucy's short locks were so curly it took her forever to get her hair sorted in the mornings. They all had brown eyes, but in varying shades. Lana's whisky, Layla's chocolate, and Lucy's an almost midnight black. While her sisters were slightly tanned, Lucy was a soft cream. The three all had the same nose, the same lips.

I lifted the second photo from the table. I remembered the day it had been taken and my lips lifted in a half smile. We had been sitting on the beach in the sand, watching as the sun was taking its time setting. Layla had been shouting at us from the kitchen to come in and have dinner but we couldn't be bothered to move. We were settling in well, I thought. And Layla and I had signed the adoption papers that afternoon. We had finally become the family I wanted us to be and it felt like nothing could ever go wrong in my life.

"I love it here," Lucy had said, a happy sigh escaping her.

"Me too. It's finally feeling like home."

"Thanks for today."

My head turned to frown at her. "You've been mine since the day I met you, Lu. Today just made it legal." I reached over and tugged on one of her short ringlets. "If anything, I should thank you for wanting to be my daughter."

She threw her arms around my neck so suddenly I nearly fell back into the sand. "I love you, Dad," she had whispered.

Those four words had been my undoing and I had to blink hard to keep from crying. I hugged her tight against me, never wanting to let this little girl who had snuck into my heart so quickly go.

"Say cheese!"

We had both turned to find Layla standing over us with a camera. Our first picture as father and daughter...

The thought that I was going to lose my little girl made my chest ache and I put the picture back where it had been before standing. No matter what, I wasn't going to lose Lucy. It would destroy me. If anyone tried to take her away I would kill them with my bare hands.

A glance at the clock on Lucy's desk told me I had been in her room for nearly an hour. Turning the lights off, I walked down the hall to the master bedroom and cracked open the door. I was expecting Layla to still be in bed, but it was empty. "Baby?" I called out, moving toward the bathroom on the other side of the room.

"J-J-Jesse?"

Her trembling voice kick started something inside of me and I moved faster. She was crying, I could hear her sobs through the closed door. As I opened the door she moaned and my heart actually stopped at the sight before me.

Layla was standing at the sink with the water on. She was bent in half, holding onto the edge of the counter as her body shook. The baby blue leggings she had on were damp, a red spot soaking through. "What..?"

"My water broke!" she sobbed. "I'm in labor."

"No." I shook my head stupidly. "No, you are only seven months pregnant! They aren't supposed to come for another nine weeks."

"I... I know that!" she shouted at me. "But these babies haven't got the memo... Call Emmie. Call the hospital." She gripped her stomach and moaned. "Call a fucking ambulance!"

With shaking fingers I pulled my phone from my pocket and called 911. She was in too much pain, the contraction coming too close. Every time she moved more fluid flooded her pants, pooling at her feet. As soon as I told the operator what was going on and our address, I tossed the phone aside and lifted Layla into my arms. I didn't want her to slip in the mess.

"Emmie," Layla panted as I carried her downstairs. "Call...Emmie."

"Emmie will see the ambulance and know something is going on," I assured her. My heart was beating so fast I was sure it was going to explode, but I couldn't worry about that right now. I could hear an ambulance in the distance and thanked gods that there had been one so close. "Take deep breaths, baby," I urged, knowing that I didn't know what I was talking about. Our Lamaze classes didn't start for another week, and I knew nothing about what was going to happen.

All the nightmares of Emmie's delivery flashed before my eyes and I was sure I was going to vomit. I had been terrified when Emmie went into labor with Mia, but this? This fear that I was experiencing, witnessing the woman who owned me heart and soul in so much pain. The fear of something being wrong with our babies because it was way too soon for them to come into this world...

There wasn't even a word for this kind of gut wrenching fear!

The ambulance was pulling to a stop as soon as I opened the front door. An EMT jumped out of the passenger side and ran toward us. "How far apart are the contractions?" the dark skinned man demanded.

"Minute... Maybe," Layla told him because I sure as hell couldn't. I couldn't even talk. What was wrong with me? Why couldn't I talk? I opened my mouth, but nothing came out. Not a single sound. "Twins... I'm only thirty-one weeks."

"Sir, can you put your wife in the back for me?" the EMT instructed. "Place her on the gurney and we can go."

I moved automatically. He opened the back door and I climbed in before placing Layla on the narrow bed. As soon as she was out of my arms the dark skinned man was pushing me out of the way. I dropped down on the small bench behind them and just watched in horror.

"Jess! Layla!"

Emmie's frantic voice called out before the back door opened again and Emmie climbed in. "What..?"

"Ma'am, Mrs. Thornton is in labor... Her water has broken and she appears to be at four centimeters... Mr. Thorton seems to be in shock... We have to go now, ma'am." I only caught parts of their conversation and then Emmie was sitting beside me as the ambulance started moving, racing toward the closest hospital that had a maternity ward while the EMT kept working on Layla.

Emmie held her phone to her ear with one hand and gripped one of my hands with her free hand. "Nik... Pick Lucy up from school. Call Lana... Yes. I'm with him... Not good. Love you, too." Then the phone was gone and Emmie was in my face. "Jesse! Look at me."

I lifted my eyes to meet her green gaze. Her brow was furrowed and she looked stressed. I felt numb, like I had turned something off inside of myself so I didn't have to feel. There was no panic, no fear now. Just nothing. Layla was moaning and crying and I was doing nothing!

"I'll help you through this, Jesse," Emmie told me calmly. "I'll help you. But you have to help Layla, okay? She's not calm. Her heart rate is off the charts and the contractions are coming quick and hard. She needs you. Hold her hand. Kiss her. Tell her everything is going to be okay."

"Is it?" I whispered.

Before she could say anything I saw the answer in her eyes. Emmie didn't know. She couldn't promise me anything because she didn't know if Layla or the twins were going to be okay. Blinking back the sudden tears burning my eyes, I moved to take Layla's hand.

Immediately her heart rate slowed marginally. I bent my head and brushed my lips over her brow, unable to kiss her lips because there was an oxygen mask over her face. She was shaking in both fear and pain and I buried my face in her hair. "It's okay, baby. Everything is going to be okay," I lied.

From there everything moved as if on fast forward. The ambulance came to a screeching halt and the back doors were thrown open. A team of people in scrubs stood there and quickly grabbed the gurney Layla was on, pulling it out. I chased after them as they raced into the hospital and toward the elevator.

But when I started to get on the elevator with them a stern-looking woman pushed me back. "Sir, I'm sorry but your wife needs an emergency C-section. Your wife's heart rate is too fast while the babies' are dropping. There's no time to spare. Someone will show you to the waiting room." The doors started closing before she finished speaking and I just stood there, watching the doors shut, taking my life with it.

--

A nurse showed me and Emmie to the OR waiting room. We didn't speak once we were left alone. Em pushed me down into the closest seat and left for a moment, returning with the foulest smelling coffee known to man. It was sickly sweet and bitter. She forced me to drink two cups of it before sitting down and holding my hand.

I put my head in my free hand, silently praying. Tears were rolling down my cheeks and I didn't bother to brush them away. A week ago my life had been pretty damn close to perfect. Now it was falling apart and I was helpless to stop it. If I lost Layla that was it. Game over. I wouldn't be able to go on.

Lana and Drake arrived with Harper and Shane right behind them. Lana threw her arms around my neck, hugging me tight. I couldn't move to hug her back. Was unable to offer her any comfort. How could I when I was slowly dying inside?

Time seemed to slow down until even the tick tocks of the clock on the wall were delayed.

The doors opened again and Nik walked in with Mia in one arm and Lucy holding his hand. Seeing my daughter broke something open inside of me and I stood without thinking. She seemed to see the truth in my eyes and then she was in my arms, sobbing just as brokenly as I suddenly was. "Is Mom going to be okay?" she whispered, the infrequently used 'Mom' slipping out without either of us noticing.

"I hope so, Lu. I hope so."

Chapter 12

Emmie

If you think my life is great and exciting, please think again.

In the moment I heard the ambulance I knew something was wrong. The second I saw Jesse carrying Layla toward the noisy thing, my life felt like it actually stopped for a minute. None of the other shit that was going on in my life mattered except that I could possibly be losing my best friend.

Oh sure, women have babies every day of the week. Every hour. Every minute. I've had one and another was growing inside of me. But Layla was in serious trouble. I wasn't sure how much of the conversation I'd had with the EMT Jesse had comprehended-he was nearly catatonic by that time-but things weren't good.

During the last few doctor's visits Layla's blood pressure had been on the high side. Traces of protein in her urine had also been a slight cause for worry. The doctor had said it was all normal, after all she was seven months pregnant with twins. Twins that were growing at the speed of light and to the point that the doctor had already been talking about setting the date for her C-section. Sure, the chick had the hips to push those little giants out, but the twins hadn't gotten into the right positions to have a vaginal birth.

As we rode in the ambulance toward the closest hospital with a maternity ward, Layla's blood pressure was off the charts. Her heart rate heading toward two hundred and the dark skinned EMT kept shooting me glances that told me all I needed to know. After I was able to snap Jesse out of his shocked stupor he was able to calm his wife, but only marginally.

By the time we got to the hospital, Layla's breathing was becoming more labored. A team of doctors and nurses was waiting on us, ready to take her straight up to deliver the babies. Jesse withdrew into himself again as the waiting room filled with our family and he didn't even move until Nik walked in with Lucy.

Of course the world didn't stand still while ours was going to hell. The press had gotten wind of what was going on. The first photographer caught me off guard and was actually in the waiting room with us long enough to snap a few of everyone looking scared and helpless.

Shane was the closest and lunged for the man with a smirk on his face, causing Mia to scream. The photographer was quick and was out the door before Shane could reach him. When Shane started to follow after him, his need to take out his pent up emotions on something and that douchebags face the most likely source, Harper caught him around the waist and pulled him down into a chair as far away from the door as possible. I heard her tell him to calm down and whispered something that had him snapping out of it and looking toward Mia to see just how frightened she was.

My gaze went to Mia who was clinging to Nik's neck, hiding her face in his chest. We had kept her away from all of this nonsense, had tried to shelter her and Lucy from the picture hungry paparazzi. "Fuck this shit!" I muttered under my breath so as not to scare Mia and Lucy any more than they already were.

I didn't want to leave Jesse. At the moment he needed me more than anyone else, but there was no way around it. I glanced at Lana, her face drenched in tears. But when she caught my eye she nodded and moved to sit beside her brother-in-law, taking his hand to replace my own.

Before I reached the door, Nik caught my hand and gave it a squeeze. "I love you," he whispered.

I could see in his eyes that he was reliving the day we had brought Mia into the world. As crazy and scary as that day had been this was on a whole new level. I stroked a finger down Mia's cheek, making her peek over at me and I forced a smile for her sake. See, I was silently saying with that smile, Momma isn't scared. We had no idea what the outcome was going to be for Layla and the twins. Twins that were going to be dangerously premature.

"I love you," I whispered back, holding onto his hand even as I was walking away, until we had no choice but to let go.

I had to talk to security, the administrator, and everyone in between. While they hustled to get the hospital shut down to ensure the safety of not only my family but every other patient in residence, I called the security team that had taken care of Shane's wedding the day before. Damn, had it really only been the day before? It felt like a lifetime had passed since then.

While I was setting up round the clock security on the hospital, my phone was getting blown-up with incoming calls. Some I recognized, others I didn't. The ones I didn't recognize were journalists, or so they claimed, wanting the details on Layla and Jesse. I would have to set up a press conference or something in the next few days to let them know how Layla was doing, but not yet. They could all go fuck themselves for now.

With everything I had to take care of I didn't even notice when a doctor slipped by and went into the waiting room. It wasn't until Nik stuck his head out of the door that I had tried to keep an eye on that I knew there was something wrong... Well, more wrong.

My heart was in my throat and I ended the call I was on while the guy on the other end was in midsentence. I walked toward the open door, toward my husband and family knowing that I might never see my best friend again. Might never get to hold her two precious babies in my arms as she had done my own child.

Nik caught me around the waist as soon as I was close enough and pulled me into the room. The doctor was standing in front of Jesse who still had Lucy on his lap and Lana sitting beside him. Drake who had Mia in his arms and Shane were flanking the doctor who was speaking in clear precise tones, but seeming to make no sense to anyone in the room.

I cleared my throat, catching the doctor's attention. His eyes darkened when he recognized me and he turned my way. "Mrs. Armstrong."

"Doctor." I inclined my head, swallowing hard. I noticed that his scrubs were soaked with sweat and his hair was a mess as if he had been raking his fingers through it. "How is she?"

"We had to give her general anesthesia to put her under. There wasn't time for an epidural as her heart rate and blood pressure were off the charts. On top of which both babies' heart rates were falling at such an alarming rate..." He broke off when I kept nodding. I already knew all of that. "Once we got the twins out, they were instantly taken to the NICU and placed on ventilators because they were having some difficulty breathing on their own. That isn't unheard of at thirty-one weeks. However, they are both at an incredible weight considering. Both at four pounds, twelve ounces."

"Okay," I nodded again. "That sounds promising. But you haven't answered my question. How is Layla?"

"She's in recovery at the moment." He seemed hesitant and my heart was racing nearly as fast as Layla's had been on the ambulance ride. "It's been over an hour since the twins were delivered, and normally we see a response to a patient coming around from general anesthesia by now. However, Layla isn't showing any signs of waking. We think that she is having an abnormal reaction to it."

My eyes narrowed. "Explain."

"We can't be sure, of course. She might just need some more time. But she could fall into a coma... Or worst case scenario..." I bit my lip and held onto Nik's waist a little tighter, waiting on the next words to leave the doctor's mouth, "...never wake at all. But if that happens it's most likely another problem unrelated to the anesthesia itself. A blood gas has shown that she is getting enough oxygen and there aren't any signs of stroke."

"But you aren't sure? She could wake up in the next five minutes or not at all?" Harper asked, stepping forward.

The doctor shrugged. "The next twenty-four hours will tell their own story." His eyes were kind as he glanced over at Jesse again. "I'm sorry... And congratulations on your sons."

The door closed silently behind the man as we all remained where we were. The news that the twins were boys didn't seem to register or matter for a moment in the mayhem that was washing over us from the news that Layla might be lost to us forever. I closed my eyes, silently praying that my friend came back to us.

"Boys..."

My eyes popped open at Lucy's voice. "What?" Jesse asked in a voice hoarse with emotion.

"Boys, Dad. I have brothers." She buried her face in his chest. "That's what I wanted."

My phone buzzed and I glanced down to find Brad Horton's name flash across the screen. I swallowed a curse and put the phone to my ear. "Now isn't the best time."

"I just heard about your sister-in-law," he commented quickly. "Actually the entire world just heard about your sister-in-law. I hope I can take some of the stress off of you. The lab at the hospital you are at can take the DNA sample. I can be there within the hour to witness it. Will that work?"

"Yes. Let's get this over with," I assured him. The quicker I had the results back the sooner I could get Vince Grady out of Jesse, Layla, and Lucy's lives.

Jesse

I was being torn in three different directions.

At the same time the lawyer showed up to do Lucy's DNA test, two nurses appeared in the doorway. One to take me to see my twin sons for the first time, the other to take me to see Layla in ICU. I couldn't do all three at the same time, yet all three needed me now.

Drake touched my shoulder. "Lana and I can take her for the test," he offered.

I shook my head. "Layla would want me to be there." I stood and moved toward the two nurses. "I'll only be a few minutes."

"Sure." The nurse that had come from Layla's room nodded. "She's still sleeping."

That didn't bring me any comfort. Layla was still sleeping. She could possibly never wake up. That was terrifying. There was no way I could go on without that woman. I had three kids that depended on me, so I had to focus on that for the moment.

The NICU nurse gave me a small smile. "Of course, Mr. Thorton. The boys will be waiting on you. I thought you would like to know that the pediatrician has given them both a full examination and their hearts are in great shape. We would like to keep them on the ventilator until at least tomorrow before trying to see if they can breathe on their own."

Tears burnt my eyes but I just nodded. My boys would be okay for a little while longer. Swallowing hard I lifted Lucy into my arms. "I need to tell you something, Lu. Okay? But first we have to go downstairs and do something."

We followed Emmie and Brad Horton downstairs on the elevator and to the back of the hospital to the lab. We didn't have to wait. I signed my name at the bottom of a form that Emmie handed me and then Lucy was asked to have a seat.

"Will it hurt?" she asked, looking scared.

I had no idea what they were going to do to her so I couldn't answer her. Instead the tech, a woman with short dark hair and blue eyes, gave her a reassuring smile. "Nope. It won't hurt at all, sweetpea." She held up what looked like a cotton swab. "I'm going to tickle your cheek with this and get all your DNA information. Over and done in the blink of an eye."

"Dad?" Lucy held her hand out to me and I moved closer to hold onto her while the woman swabbed Lucy's cheek then turned away.

"I know what DNA is," Lucy told me on the ride back up to the maternity ward waiting room with Emmie. "But why did she need to have mine?"

I rubbed a hand over my head, feeling the rough stubble already growing back. "It's hard to explain, Lu, but I'm going to try hard, okay?"

"Did I do something wrong?" she asked, looking worried as she glanced from me to Emmie and then back to me.

"No! Of course not." I shook my head. "You're a great kid, sweetheart. Layla and I couldn't ask for a better daughter than you."

"This isn't about whether you did something bad or not, Lucy," Emmie told her, touching her cheek gently.

"You're my daughter, Lucy. No matter what anyone says you will always be mine... Okay?"

She nodded. "Yeah. I know that."

"Well, the man your real mom made you with... He wants you. He wants to take you away from me and Layla. The DNA test was to see if you really are his daughter." The elevator dinged and the doors opened but we didn't get off.

Lucy was just staring up at me with wide dark eyes. "But... you said I was yours forever, Dad."

"You are, Lucy. I swear it. No one is going to take you from me and Layla. I won't let that happen. Ever. That doesn't mean he won't try, sweetheart." Emmie stepped in front of the elevator doors to keep them from closing on us and I crouched down so that Lucy and I were on the same eye level. She was tall for her age, but I was still a giant compared to most people. "I love you more than anything. Understand?"

Her chin trembled and my heart cracked at the sight because there was nothing I could have done to prevent this pain from affecting her. "Yeah, Dad. I love you too."

NICU was on the floor above the maternity ward. Only one or two people were allowed in to visit the babies at a time. I had to change into clean scrubs before they even let me into the room. Before I reached the nurses' station I had to wash and sanitize my hands. Beside me Lana glanced around nervously. I had wanted Emmie to come with me, so that she could take in everything the nurses told me because I knew that I would probably forget everything. But a security situation had come up and she'd had to deal with it. Lana was my second choice but I was still happy to have her with me.

We followed the nurse who had come to get me earlier, passing five other incubators before we reached the two that sat right beside each other. There were little oxygen tubes in their noses and they were completely naked except for their diapers. They had a slight orange color to them and the nurse explained that they were jaundiced, which wasn't unusual since they were premature.

"It's okay. You can touch them, talk to them. Let them know their daddy is here." She patted me on the shoulder. "Tomorrow, if they are doing well without the extra oxygen to help them, you can feed them."

My hand was almost too big to fit through the hole of the incubator labeled BABY 1. I touched the leg of my son and he jerked as if I had startled him, but didn't cry. On the other side of the incubator Lana was touching his hand. "They're so tiny," she murmured.

The nurse shook her head. "Actually, at thirty-one weeks' gestation they are pretty big considering they are twins. But then you see the father and it all becomes clear. I've seen babies born this early with holes in their hearts and tears in their abdomens. Twins can be even trickier at this stage, but I have a good feeling that these two little rocker princes will be out of here in no time."

Another nurse came over with a clipboard in her hands. She offered Lana and me a kind smile as she watched us stroking the babies' arms and feet. I was too chocked up to return the smile. I was touching my children... Without Layla to experience this moment with me.

"So, do we have names for these two or are we going to stick with Thing 1 and Thing 2?" the newcomer asked.

I knew the names that Layla wanted, but wasn't sure who was who to her. It didn't feel right giving them those names yet. Not until Layla opened her eyes and could tell me for sure which of our sons was which... I wouldn't think about what would happen if that didn't happen. I couldn't!

Chapter 13

Dallas

I was exhausted on my feet by the time I fell into bed Monday night. It felt like a month had passed since I had left Harper's wedding the night before. Of course if Linc was home he would get all smart and tell me it was my own fault for sticking my nose in shit that it didn't need sticking in, but what the hell.

I crawled under the covers, foregoing a shower. I had work in the morning and I would shower when I got up. No use in showering now, washing hair that was going to be a nest by morning because I didn't have the energy to blow it dry, only to have to wash it all over again to be able to sort it out. Of course as soon as I arranged my pillows to the perfect position and closed my eyes I found that my mind wouldn't shut the hell up.

Muttering a curse, I flipped onto my back and glared at the ceiling.

I should have just walked away as soon as Axton ran off to Gabriella Moreitti. I was used to that happening. It was the reason I had ended it with him. He had sworn they were just friends and that she meant nothing to him other than fellow rockers. Like I was going to buy that BS. He had that bitch's name on his skin, for fuck's sake.

I hadn't walked away. Instead I had stuck around at the wedding. Secretly hoping that he would pick me over her and come back. Idiot. Like that would ever happen. Pathetic idiot.

Hanging around had only gotten me sucked into other dramas.

Liam was an addict. I had known it when I was dating Axton-if that was what you could even call what the two of us were doing back then. I hadn't even been a nurse at that point but I could see the signs of drug use. The sores around his mouth that looked slightly like acne but were blisters from the meth. The erratic behavior. The mood swings. The lack of appetite and almost insatiable sex drive-something that I had only guessed at after seeing him bang not one but four girls in the same night at the same party at Axton's New York apartment.

When Liam had started mouthing off about Gabriella-or Brie as most of OtherWorld tended to call her-and Axton fucking around again it had cut me in two. Of course I hadn't stopped to wonder why he would care so much. That had flown right over my head as I had tried to hold myself together. No way was I going to let anyone at the reception know just how torn up I was over a guy, especially a guy I had let mess me up already in the past.

While I was inwardly dealing with my own emotions, I hadn't seen Liam coming. He had pulled me aside and started whispering all kinds of nasty things in my ear. That was when I knew he was high as a kite. I had let him know the first time I had met him that I wouldn't touch him even if the human race depended on it before popping him in the balls with the flat of my hand. Liam had steered clear of me any time we were in the same room after that first impression.

But instead of damaging his boys this time, I only pushed him away. I hated drug users, but I felt sorry for them too. I only knew a little of Liam's background and none of it really explained to me why he had needed to get high. At first I had thought he was the kind of person that did it just for the hell of it. Getting high to get high because his life was so boring. But later I had realized that something horrible must have happened for him to want to constantly hide in a drug-induced fog of false emotions.

As I looked into his eyes last night, seeing past the glassy sea green eyes to the man behind them, my heart had ached a little for him. Everyone had told me that he had tried to get help repeatedly, but he just couldn't keep from going back to the drugs over and over again. The nurse in me wanted to help him, to get him through this sickness.

So I talked him into leaving with me. It hadn't taken much persuading. "Wanna get out of here?" had just about been the only thing I'd had to say.

His bandmates hadn't liked it though. Zander and Devlin had tried to stop us and Wroth had even attempted to step in and talk to me. I rolled my eyes at how he had seemed so anxious for me. "He's dangerous like this, Dallas. Let us deal with him."

"I've got this," I had assured the big ex-marine as I had tugged Liam out the door. His car had been in the parking lot and I pulled the keys from his pants' pocket before pushing him into the passenger side.

Sliding behind into the driver's seat I was about to start the crazy powerful piece of machinery when he grabbed me and pulled me toward him. "Let's start the party now, Dee."

"Not gonna happen, buddy." I grabbed his hair and yanked his head back, hard. "We're playin' this by my rules. Understand?"

"I don't like rules. Rules suck."

Grinning at his little boy pout I pushed away from him, easily maneuvering back into my seat. "Rebel."

"Where are we going?" he had asked once we reached the airport.

"You're the one who asked me to go back to New York with you, Liam," I had reminded him, because it had been the first thing out of his mouth when he was trying to get me to have a quickie in the bathroom back at the wedding reception.

"New York sucks balls. Let's go to Vegas. Or Miami. Or Japan." He put his hand in his pocket, the one that hadn't housed his keys, and stuck something in his mouth, chewing it.

"What the fuck, Liam!" I had yelled at him, pulling into an empty parking spot.

"Gotta get rid of the evidence, babe." He swallowed then reached for the half empty bottle of water in the cup holder. "I'll be good in a few."

"You're an idiot. Don't you care that you're wasting your life? What about Marissa? I know that you using like this is breaking her heart." I hated the thought of him hurting his sister. Marissa was an amazing girl. Sweet, kind, and too loving by half.

"Leave my sister out of it, Dee," he had suddenly snarled at me. "You know nothing about my sister or me so shut the fuck up."

My eyes narrowed. "Don't talk to me like that, Liam."

"Then stop talking about my sister," he had yelled, stabbing his fingers through his brown hair.

"Fine." I didn't speak to him again as we had moved through security. I had left my things back at Harper's place, planning on picking everything up in the morning before my flight home. But I had my wallet so I wasn't worried about the clothes or anything else that had been in my luggage.

Somehow Liam had gotten us on the next flight out to New York. First class, of course. We had a layover in Chicago that lasted three hours and by that time Liam was coming down off his high-mostly. He was starting to shake and he had nothing to fight his need for more of whatever the hell he had been popping tonight.

"Fuck, I hurt," he slurred, looking green. Two minutes later he was running for the closest bathroom. I stood outside the door, ignoring the men who came and went as I listened to him throwing up for nearly twenty minutes.

When he came out, looking pale and drenched in sweat but shivering, I cleaned him up and pushed him gently but firmly into a chair near our gate. I forced him to sip some Sprite. "You need help, Liam. And not just a few weeks of it. I'm talking long term."

He raked shaking fingers through his hair. "I know."

"So why haven't you done it by now?" I asked quietly.

"Because the drugs were always the easy way out. They kept the good shit good and the bad shit away." He grimaced as he wrapped his arms around his stomach. "If someone gets sick or dies I don't feel the pain. I don't feel the loss."

"Is that when you started usin'?" I murmured so that the few people sitting near us wouldn't overhear our conversation. "When Marissa got sick and nearly died?"

Pain that had nothing to do with his withdrawals crossed his face. "It was when I moved on from the weed to the harder shit, yeah. I'd already lost everyone else that meant anything to me, Dee. Marissa was all I had left and it looked like I was going to lose her too. I couldn't deal with it so I found a way out."

I swallowed hard, knowing that if I lost Linc or Harper who were my life lines, I would be messed up too. Reaching out I pushed a few locks of sweat damp hair from his brow. "So... Now that she's healthy and full of life, why don't you stop?"

His laugh was weak, full of self-mockery. "You would think it would be that easy, huh? Well it fucking isn't."

"Don't you realize that you're going to lose everything you love if you don't get clean once and for all, Liam? If you keep destroying yourself like this, no one is going to be around when you finally fall."

"I've already lost everything." His jaw clenched shut and he leaned his head back against the seat, glaring off into space.

"What do you mean?" I couldn't stop myself from asking.

"I got out of rehab about eight months ago and I decided to take a chance. Tell this girl that I was really into her and all that shit... But then I started using again and she found out. I've lost her."

"You couldn't get her back if you got clean again? Proved to her that you're for real this time?" I reached for his ice cold hand, giving him a little squeeze. "Isn't this girl important enough to try and fight for?"

He didn't answer. Just closed his eyes and didn't open them again until our flight was called. The next few hours as we flew toward New York he seemed lost in thought and I didn't want to disturb him. It was obvious he didn't feel well. When the plane hit turbulence he threw up in the little bag that the flight attendant had given him.

When we touched down I was sure that we were going to go our own way, but he stopped me before I could step outside and hail a cab. "I want to get clean, Dallas. I want to get better."

"Okay." I nodded. "I can help you with that."

I knew a really good rehab upstate. It wasn't like the ones I was sure he was used to. Where they sat you down and cuddled you and made you talk about your feelings. There was group therapy and one-on-one time with the doctors, but the place was run like military boot camp. Liam needed some tough love, not some pansy paid to hold his hand. I made the call to the administrator as we took a cab from the airport. I had made friends with the guy's daughter in RN school and she owed me a favor, which her daddy was going to come through on.

I stayed with Liam through most of the day. Watched as they gave him his room, told him who his sponsor was, and produced a whole new wardrobe of green fatigues and a white T-shirt for him. Liam told me that all the other times he had gone into rehab it had been someone else's decision, which I had guessed at. An addict had to be personally ready to get better before he could actually start recovering fully. He also told me that I was the first person to stay with him on his first day.

"They usually just drop me off and head off to get back to their lives. Not even Marissa would come with me. Wroth wouldn't allow it." His gaze wouldn't meet mine and my heart ached all over again for him. "Thanks for being here with me, Dee."

I hadn't been able to keep from hugging him, even though I wasn't comfortable with hugs and affectionate contact. I wrapped my arms around him tight, offering him something I was convinced he had lost over the years despite his bandmates always being around. I offered him my friendship and he took it with a desperation that was heart wrenching. His arms came around me, not squeezing me as tight as I was sure he could have been able to if he weren't so ill from the detoxing.

"I'll be back on Sunday," I promised him. Sundays were family visitation days.

He nodded. "Okay... Can you tell my sister?" he had asked after a small hesitation. "Tell her I'm okay?"

"I'll get her number from Natalie," I had assured him, and kissed his cheek before leaving him in his room.

From there I had gone straight home, which brought me to now and the need to sleep because I had a twelve-hour shift at the hospital the next day but was unable to turn off my brain.

Damn, I needed a vacation after the weekend I had just had.

My phone made a buzzing noise and I glanced over at where I had plugged it into the charger a few minutes ago. It had died around lunch time, but I hadn't really noticed. Other than make the call to get Liam into the rehab, I hadn't used it at all. No one would worry about me. Linc and Natalie were still in LA until later in the week and if my mother happened to call it wasn't likely that I would speak to her. Harper was probably in a passion-induced coma on her honeymoon right now so she wasn't going to check up on me any time soon.

With a grunt I picked the phone up. My message box said I had twelve voice mails and the number thirty was on my text app. When I opened them and saw the first one was from Axton I hit delete on them all without even reading one. My voicemails went into the trash without bothering to listen.

I was done with Axton Cage.

Chapter 14

Drake

Why is it that when things get rough, that's when I feel the urge to drink the most?

Honestly, I still have times when I want to reach for a bottle. Angel might be my life line, but she doesn't completely stop the cravings. My love for her, and the knowledge of how shitty my life would be without her, was what kept me from reaching for the alcohol though.

I probably should have found a meeting close by, but I couldn't leave Angel and Jesse or the rest of my family. They would have understood, but I wouldn't have. My sister-in-law was lying unconscious in a hospital bed in ICU. Even though we knew the cause for her reaction to the anesthesia-an electrolyte deficiency-she was still not waking up.

It was tearing Jesse apart and with Angel pregnant and looking exhausted, I couldn't help but put myself in his shoes. How would I handle it if Lana was where Layla was right now? Would I be able to cope? Or would I be in a bar somewhere? I liked to think it was the former rather than the latter, but I honestly couldn't say for sure. Of course we had gone through something just as scary when Angel had lost our first baby, but this thing with Layla was twice as terrifying.

At the moment, Jesse was upstairs helping with the feeding of the twins. Emmie was with him, so Lana had wanted to sit with her sister during ICU visiting hours. I couldn't understand why we weren't allowed back with her at all times, but the rules were the rules in ICU and not even Em had been able to make them bend them for us.

Angel sat in the chair on the right side of Layla's bed, holding her hand and talking quietly to her. "Your boys are so beautiful, Layla. They look so much like Jesse right now. All bald and angry looking. They don't keep their eyes open for very long, so I can't tell if they have your eyes or their daddy's. I'm so jealous that you have boys. I wouldn't change having this girl for anything, but it makes me want a son too."

I stood behind her, aching to hold her and take all of the heartache she was feeling away. But I was powerless to do that. I had barely been able to convince her to go home each night so that she could get a little rest, and only then because I had to remind her that our daughter needed the rest more than she did. So I just stood there, watching Layla's chest rise and fall with each breath she took.

She was pale, her hair limp around her shoulders. The skin on her left hand, where the IV was, had bruises because her last two IV sites had collapsed. The constant beep-beep-beep of the heart monitor was both soothing and annoying in the same instant.

"You know, there's a nurse in the NICU who has been watching Jesse closely." Angel's statement had me turning my gaze from Layla to her. I raised a brow but she ignored me. Something she had been doing a lot of the last day. Damn it! "She's blonde and all kinds of happy. Especially when your husband goes in to see your boys. You'd better wake the fuck up, sis, and tell her to keep her eyes to herself."

"What are you doing?" I demanded quietly.

"Giving her a reason to wake up," Angel said with a shrug. "We've just been coddling her for the last two days. Maybe if we piss her off she will wake up and take charge of her life again."

As ideas went it wasn't the worst one I had heard. Actually, it was the only one anyone had offered in the last forty-eight hours. Sighing, I leaned back against the wall and let Angel continue to talk to her sister without interrupting again.

She was pissed off at me and I still wasn't completely sure why. Cole, her father, had called to check up on her and Layla as well as the babies. Cole Steel was trying to be the man he should have been over twenty years ago. He and Lana had a decent relationship now, and the fact that he was going to be a grandfather had humbled him... A little.

The call had also revealed that the meeting with Bethany, the producer's assistant who had texted me about it last week, was also a hoax. Angel was convinced that the woman was trying to seduce me, but I wasn't so sure. Everyone at work knew that my wife was it for me and I didn't even look at other women. Ever. Fuck, I barely knew what this Bethany even looked like.

My protesting that Bethany was harmless had pushed a stressed out Angel over the edge and she had been pissed at me ever since. She didn't talk to me unless she had to. Thankfully she didn't push me away when I tried to touch her, though. If she had started doing that I might have actually found a bar and been two bottles in by now.

A few minutes later the door opened and a nurse stuck her head around it. "Visiting hours are over for now, Mrs. Stevenson. You can come back in a few hours."

I held out my hand to help Angel up. She slipped hers into mine without hesitation and I pulled her up beside me before brushing a kiss over her lips. "Don't be mad at me," I whispered.

"Don't defend stupid bitches," she whispered back, but there was a small smile teasing at her lips. "I love you, dummy."

Some of my tension eased. "Love you more."

Layla

There was a beep-beep-beep sound that was annoying the hell out of me.

I moaned, not wanting to wake up, and reached out to nudge Jesse's shoulder. He needed to turn that stupid alarm off or I was going to punch him. But I couldn't feel Jesse beside me and reluctantly opened my eyes.

I blinked as I focused on the room around me. I was in a bed that wasn't nearly as comfortable as the one we slept in at home. There were rails up on either side. Beside the bed was a machine that was producing the beeping noise that was still irritating me. I shifted to get a better look at it only to have my entire body explode in pain.

My abdomen felt as if it had been split open and I had this sudden empty feeling where I should have felt stretched and full. My hands went to my stomach and a cry of distress that had nothing to do with pain filled the room. Where were my babies?

"Jesse?" I called, but he wasn't in the room. Where the fuck was Jesse? "JESSE!"

The door across the room opened and a woman with her dark hair pulled into a ponytail stuck her head around the door. "You're awake," she said with a smile. "Welcome back," she greeted as she walked into the room.

"Where's my husband?" I demanded. "Where are my babies?"

"Hubby is out in the waiting room where he has been since you were brought in. Those babies of yours are doing remarkably well and might even be moved down to the nursery this evening." The nurse was cheerful and that just made me want to punch her in the face.

I was in pain and she was all smiles? I was freaking out but she was more interested in checking my blood pressure. "I want my husband. Now."

"Of course. You can see him in just a few minutes. First I have to get your vitals. Are you thirsty? I'll get you some ice water. Or would you rather have something else? Sprite maybe?"

"I don't fucking care! I. Want. My. Husband. NOW!" I shouldn't have yelled. It only made me hurt worse, but I was desperate to see Jesse. I needed him and he had to be going out of his mind with worry over me.

My yelling caused the door to open again and another nurse stuck her head in. "Everything okay in here, Mrs. Thorton?"

"She wants her husband, Vanessa," my nurse told her. "If you could peek your head out and let him know she's awake?"

"Sure... It's good to see you awake, Mrs. Thorton," the other nurse commented. "You had us all worried for a minute there."

I frowned after the woman. "What's she talking about?"

"You had an unusual reaction to the anesthesia that they had to give you," my nurse informed me. "You've been asleep for a while... About two days now." She wrinkled her nose. "How are you feeling on a scale of one to ten, ten being the worst?"

"What?" I demanded, dazed by her statement that I had been out for two days and then quickly followed by my pain level. "I'm in some pain." More like I was in agony, but that didn't matter at the moment. If I told this perky girl that I was barely able to see through the haze of pain she would drug my ass up and I wouldn't be able to see Jesse right away.

"Would you like anything for it? Your doctor has a few things that you can take for any pain level, but it's your choice."

"Maybe later." Maybe never. I wanted her gone.

When the door opened again Jesse flew into the room at the speed of sound. All the pain I was feeling was pushed to the back of my mind as his arms wrapped around me. His face buried in my neck. "Fuck, woman." He groaned. "I thought I was never going to see those chocolate eyes again."

I lifted my arms to wrap around him but found an IV in my left arm. "Are you okay? Are the babies okay? Where's Lucy?"

"Shh." He pulled back to look down at me and covered my mouth with his hand. "Just shut up and let me look at you, okay?" I nodded and he dropped his hand. Those ever-changing eyes were a kaleidoscope of browns as I met his wet gaze. 'Gods, you are so fucking beautiful." He brushed a kiss over my lips. "I love you."

Some of my anxiety was fading away and I leaned my head against his chest. "What have I missed?" I finally asked.

"Can you give us a minute?" he asked the nurse over my head and a moment later the door closed behind her. I looked up at him, worry wrinkling my brow. "The boys are doing great. They're still on the oxygen for now, but the doctor says that today they will be moved down to the nursery."

A small sob escaped as relief washed over me. The babies were okay. Despite the fact that they were so early... "Lucy?" I couldn't forget that we were on the verge of losing our daughter.

Jesse grimaced. "The test results came back this morning. Lucy is Grady's." My heart turned to lead. "But... Emmie is still working on it. She's been working her ass off since you were brought in, baby." He lifted a hand and pushed my hair back from my face. I probably looked like a hot mess but he didn't seem to care so I wasn't going to worry about it right now. "Gods, it's so good to hold you."

"Have I really been out for two days?"

"Fifty-two hours, actually. But who's counting?" His lips lifted in a half smile that didn't reach his eyes. "Something about electrolyte levels was the reason for the reaction, but you'll have to ask the doctor to be sure. Good thing it was twins because we are never doing this shit again, baby."

I was suddenly very exhausted. Now that I knew that my kids were okay and that Jesse was sane, I could relax. At least for the moment. I rested my head against my pillows. The pain level that'd had my eyes unfocused fifteen minutes ago was back times a million. "I love you," I mumbled.

"Are you hurting?"

"A little," I lied. A lot. A lot, a lot. So this was what Emmie felt after her C-section with Mia? Fuck!

"I'll get your nurse."

"Wait!" I called after him when he turned for the door. "Don't go away, okay? I want you with me."

"Baby, I'm not going anywhere. Except to see the boys when it's visiting hours... Okay?"

The nurse appeared a moment later with a syringe in her hand. I ignored her and focused all my attention on Jesse. "You get to visit them in the NICU?"

"Yeah. I got to feed them yesterday. They were stubborn at first and the nurse had to help me a crap load, but I finally got the hang of it. They wanted to teach me how to change their diapers... And they want to know if we want to circumcise them."

"Oh..." I yawned as the nurse tossed the syringe in the red box on the wall and quietly left the room. "What are your thoughts?"

"I'm not against it. I'm circumcised. But it's your call." He leaned over me, brushing a sweet kiss over my forehead. "Since you've known all along what we were having I figured you had already done research on it and decided one way or another."

I had, but I wanted his opinion on it too. Something I hadn't been able to get until now because he hadn't wanted to know what we were having. I however, hadn't been able to wait to find out if we were expecting girls or boys. "Can I see them?"

"I'll talk to their nurse. But it might have to wait until they are moved down to this floor." Another kiss over my forehead. "How are you feeling now, baby?"

"No pain." I yawned again. "You've done a good job taking care of our family, Big Daddy."

"It wasn't the same without you. Don't scare me like that again. Okay?"

I wished he could have lain down beside me and held me. "Okay..." That was the last thing I remembered until someone tickled my toes sometime later.

My eyes snapped open and I found Lana and Emmie standing over my bed. "Hi," I greeted sleepily.

"Do you hear that, Em?" Lana glanced at Emmie standing beside her with her arms folded in front of her. "She scares the shit out of us for days on end and can only say Hi."

"Sounds like a Daniels' female to me," Emmie said, reminding us all that Lana had once done the same to us a few years before. "The nauseating thing about it all is that you tend to wake up still looking beautiful as ever."

I couldn't help the grin that teased at my lips. "Am not."

"I'm sure you will get tired of hearing people ask you this, but how are you feeling?" Emmie asked, moving around the right side of the bed and reaching for my hand. Her fingers felt ice cold in mine. "Do you need anything for pain?"

I shook my head. "I'm good for now."

"I have pictures." Lana handed over her iPhone as Emmie pushed a button on the bed to help me sit up a little better. "Jesse said that you were dying to see the boys so I thought I would show you these. They won't be moved down until morning because Baby 2 is still needing more oxygen and they don't want them to be separated."

"Baby 2?" I frowned. "Jesse hasn't given them their names yet?"

"He wasn't sure which was which for you so he was waiting on you to wake up," Emmie informed me. "It can wait another day, Layla. Wait until they are in your arms before you start handing out names."

My fingers were shaking as I took the phone Lana handed over. The first picture was of two of the smallest babies I had ever seen in my life. They were only in diapers with oxygen sticking from their little noses while they lay in incubators beside each other. Tears leaked from my eyes as I traced a finger over their bodies on the screen. Was it me, or were they trying to get closer to each other even through the incubators?

The next picture was of Jesse sitting in a rocking chair with one of the twins in his lap. From the way he was holding his son I could tell he was nervous, probably afraid that he was going to hurt the tiny little guy. But the smile on Jesse's face and the tears in his ever-changing eyes tore at my heart and a small sob escaped me. The next picture was almost the same thing, except I realized it was the other baby in this one. A dozen other pictures of the babies and I was shaking with the force of my crying.

"They're so beautiful," I breathed, holding the phone's screen to my chest. The last picture was Jesse holding both of his sons, our sons. My guys, all three of them. "Are they really okay?" I asked Emmie. She would tell me the truth no matter how hard it was to hear.

Emmie nodded. "The doctors said it was a miracle that they didn't have more wrong with them. The breathing thing will work itself out, but other than that there isn't anything we should be worried about. They are eating great and their diapers are filling up the way they should. They might have to go under the fluorescent light because of their bilirubin levels, but we both know that isn't unusual. Mia was under there forever."

The door opened without so much as a knock and the perky blonde stuck her head around the corner. "Everything okay in here, hun?"

My eyes narrowed on the nurse. I had no reason to hate her. I didn't even know her, for Pete's sake. But I hated her to my very core. "I'm fine," I gritted out, dislike shooting out of me at her from every pore in my body.

"Okay, then." The door shut with a slight snap behind her.

"What was that about?" Emmie asked, her brows raised in surprise. It was usually her snapping at people, not me.

"I can't stand that chick," I told them honestly. "I don't even know why." Lana's snort followed by a giggle had us both looking at her. "What?"

"Maybe you could hear me after all..." Lana snickered again. "I might have attempted to wake you up with a few fibs. Like a blonde nurse pawing your man and a few other things." She shrugged. "Looks like I brainwashed you to hate her. Sorry."

"Lana!" Emmie scolded, before grinning. "Why didn't I think of that?"

Chapter 15

Nik

I wasn't able to stay at the hospital around the clock like Emmie was doing. Mia didn't need to be around all the sickness that was in the hospital and it wasn't like she could see her Aunt Layla or her cousins anyway. So other than visiting Em and Jesse for a few hours at a time, I kept her home.

Lucy didn't want to, but Jesse insisted that she go to school today. So I took her to school when I dropped Mia off at her preschool and then picked her up instead of letting her take her usual carpool home again. She had been sleeping in the guest room for the last two nights.

The poor baby was terrified. Not only because of Layla and her brothers, but because of what Jesse and Emmie had had to explain to her about her real dad. I had heard her crying herself to sleep last night, but when I had gone in to check on her she had pretended to be asleep. It ate me alive that she was hurting so much. I couldn't help but be reminded of a scared little Emmie unsure of what tomorrow would bring.

Mia slept cuddled beside me last night because I hadn't been able to sleep until I knew she was safely tucked in with me.

As soon as I picked up both of the girls I drove us to the hospital. Shane and Harper were sitting in the ICU waiting room, but their grins told me that something was going right for a change. "How is she?" I asked, placing Mia in a plastic chair beside Harper.

"She's awake and cranky, from what we've heard the nurses muttering," Shane informed me with a chuckle. "And Jesse is upstairs with the boys, but he should be down soon. They still want to keep them up in the NICU for another night."

"Can I see my brothers today?" Lucy asked me as she placed her backpack in an empty chair. "Dad said maybe yesterday."

"I don't know, Lucy. They are still upstairs and the nurses said yesterday that kids under the age of twelve aren't allowed in there." I hated letting her down, but it was for the safety of all the babies in the NICU, not just her brothers that we had to think about. "I'm sure as soon as the twins are moved down to this floor you can see them all you want."

"Okay." She sighed and flopped down in the chair beside Mia. "Can I call Harris? I promised him and his dad I would let them know if Mom woke up."

"Go ahead, sweetheart." She pulled her smartphone out and her face instantly brightened when she started talking to her friend. I wondered if she had a crush on Devlin's son, but didn't want to put that kind of name on it. I was sure that if Jesse thought the same thing he would be going all kinds of overbearing father on her and the boy. Maybe even put a stop to their friendship.

"Where's everyone else?" I asked as I finally sat beside Shane. I'd been fielding calls from Emmie's home office all day to help her out, and my head was splitting. I seriously couldn't understand how Em did all that she did without losing her sanity.

"Drake is downstairs getting us coffee. Lana and Emmie are visiting with Layla. Natalie and Linc stopped by before they left for the airport. Natalie wanted to stay and help Emmie, but Em told her to go and take care of the America's Rocker shitheads. They were raising hell this morning because Drake told them he wasn't going to make it next week either." Shane scowled, shaking his head. "They can't find a big enough name to fill in for him for the next two weeks. Emmie told Natalie to suggest the first season's winner."

"I'll have to ask my dad," Lucy was saying in a more animated tone than I had heard in several days. "But I really want to, so I'm sure he won't say no."

"Dad won't say no to what?" Jesse asked as he walked through the door, looking pale and exhausted. He needed a shave badly and probably a week's worth of sleep, but there was a small smile teasing at his lips.

"Tomorrow is Halloween, Dad," Lucy reminded him. "And Mr. Cutter is letting Harris go trick-or-treating in their neighborhood by himself. Harris wants to know if I could go with him."

"With just Harris?"

"Yes..."

I could see the dad-brain working in Jesse's eyes. Devlin's neighborhood was a gated community just like ours, possibly even more secure than ours was. There wasn't anyone in that neighborhood who was on the sex offender's list-yeah, we'd become obsessed with that thing since the girls were getting older. Harris was also a pretty responsible kid for fourteen. Devlin was raising him right, and the boy always spoke to Lucy with respect.

"Let's talk to Layla about it first, okay?" Jesse compromised.

Lucy's face fell at not getting an immediate 'yes' but she nodded. "Okay," she gave in. "Can I see her now?"

"I think we can get back there." Jesse nodded at me and Lucy rushed to say goodbye to her friend before following Jesse out of the waiting room.

Moments later Lana and Emmie entered the room, looking marginally less stressed than they had been when I had seen them last night. My body instantly reacted to being so close to Emmie. I grasped her by the waist and pulled her down onto my lap, burying my face in her neck.

"Hey," she breathed, running her fingers through my messy hair. "I missed you."

"Me too." I kissed her neck, glorying in the fact that she couldn't hide her reaction to me any more than I could mine to her. "Are you coming home tonight?"

"As soon as I get security set up outside of Layla's private room when she's finally moved, I'll be home. Promise."

I rubbed my hand over her flat stomach. "Have you eaten today? How's the morning sickness?"

"I was able to keep down some cheese crackers and ginger ale. But my appetite still isn't that great. No vomiting though." I let out a relieved sigh and she rolled her big green eyes at me. "I'm fine, Nik. So is Jagger."

"Jagger?" Harper and Shane asked almost at the same time. "What?"

"That's what Em is calling the baby," I told them with a grin. "She's convinced that this one is a boy and has already named him."

"But what if it's a girl?" Harper asked with a frown. "Won't you be too used to calling her Jagger by then?"

"It's a boy," Emmie told them, that stubborn tilt of her chin telling them not to argue.

Shane reached out and touched his hand just above where mine still lingered. "Welcome to this crazy family, Jagger."

--

I was only half asleep when I felt Emmie slip into bed beside me. A quick glance at the clock told me it was just before midnight. She was wearing one of my shirts as a night gown and her hair was damp from the shower. Sighing, I pulled her against me and kissed the top of her head. "How are they?"

Emmie yawned. "As good as can be expected. Layla was settled in her private room and I made them put a cot in there for Jesse because he still refused to go home. The twins are still having sleep apnea issues, so even if they do get moved into the nursery they are going to be in the hospital until that stops."

"It could be worse." I shuddered at the thought of just how much worse it could have been. Tucking her closer I let my hand brush over her lower stomach. "Promise me you'll take better care of yourself, Em. I'm terrified of this happening to us."

She pushed herself up onto her elbow and looked down at me. She had forgotten to turn off the bathroom light after her shower-like always-and I could see her beautiful face clearly from the glow. "I promise I'll be careful, Nik. Honestly, I'm fine though. I'm already starting to feel better. The morning sickness isn't anything like it was with Mia."

"I don't know what I would do if something happened to you, baby girl. You're my heart and soul. Don't you ever freaking leave me."

Her hand lifted and she traced her fingers over my brow, down my cheek and then around my lips. "I don't plan on it, babe."

"Come here," I whispered and pulled her down until my lips met hers. She tasted like toothpaste with hints of that sweet flavor that was completely Emmie.

I deepened the kiss, needing more of that taste more than I needed my next breath. My left hand tangled in her long auburn hair while my right developed a mind of its own and cupped her breast. A small whimper escaped her and I dove my tongue deep inside of her hot little mouth, devouring her with my kiss.

Emmie's hands were just as restless as my own. The nails of her right hand bit into my bare shoulder even as her left hand caressed down my chest. Lower it traveled, over my abdomen, making my stomach clench because I knew exactly where it was going. My dick, already painfully hard, twitched against her thighs and I felt the tip dampen with the proof of how much I wanted her.

As her index finger skimmed over the tip, smearing the drops of liquid desire over the head of my throbbing cock, she smiled against my lips. "Mm. I've missed you, Nik."

"I bet I missed you more." I growled, burying my face in her neck. Inhaling her sweet, clean scent and my heart rate increased even more. "I want you so bad, baby girl."

"I bet I want you more." She spread her thighs for me. I pulled back enough so I could watch as her hand left my dick and caressed over the lips of her pussy. A groan left me as I watched her dip two fingers inside of herself.

Emmie bit her lip, but it didn't stop the moan as she touched herself. My dick hardened even more as she played with her wet pussy. She lifted her hand, rubbing her damp fingers over my bottom lip. I licked my second favorite taste from my lips before capturing her hand and sucking those two delicious fingers hard, making sure I got every drop off of her.

"Love you, baby girl," I breathed as I flipped onto my back and pulled her over me, sliding deep with one smooth thrust.

Emmie cried out and pushed up into a sitting position. She pulled my shirt over her head. Her hands pressed into my stomach to balance herself as she road my dick until I felt her thighs quivering. I was lost in the feel of her hot, wet pussy clenching around my dick and the sight of her perfect tits bouncing up and down as she rode me. I wasn't even close to finishing while she was already coming all over me.

I gripped her hips to keep her in place as I thrust harder. She breathed my name, cupping her breasts and pinching the nipples as I pushed her toward another orgasm. "Oh gods, Nik. You feel so good inside of me. Don't stop."

"Never," I promised, my voice gravely with need.

"Fuck..." Her head tossed back, making her hair fly around her shoulders. "Fuck, I'm coming again."

"Yes, baby girl. Come all over me." I sat up without dislodging from her. Her arms instantly wrapped around my shoulders, her tits pressed against my sweat drenched chest. Her legs wrapped around my waist. I slowed my thrusts so I could savor the feel of her pussy walls convulsing around me.

Turning her head she kissed me, thrusting her tongue deep. Possessing me just as I was possessing her. Sharp nails scraped down my back, causing a pain that was purely euphoric. My hands rubbed up and down her back, skimming lower and lower until I reached that one spot that I knew would drive her over the edge over and over again.

As my thumb reached the slit of her ass, she shuddered, kissing me harder. I didn't linger, but went lower, dampening my fingers with her dampness that was running down my thighs. She was soaking wet from her two orgasms and the third one that was so close. When my fingers were drenched, I spread her ass checks wide and thrust one finger inside.

"Another," she demanded breathlessly. "Please, another one."

My balls tightened at her plea and I added another finger to her tight hole. "Is that what you want, baby?"

"No." She shook her head, her eyes wild with passion. "I want you there."

I swallowed my groan. "You sure about that, baby? You think you can take me there tonight?" But I already knew the answer. Emmie was wild in bed, and anal was something she craved almost as much as I did.

"Please, fuck my ass."

"You know I'll give you anything you want, Em." I pushed her back onto the mattress and she rolled onto her stomach before lifting onto all fours. Damn, didn't she know that just seeing her like that made me ready to explode?

Quickly I reached for the drawer of my bedside table and the lube that I kept there. My dick was already soaking wet, but I wasn't going to risk hurting her. As hard as I was I would stretch her to her limits. I poured a generous amount into my hand and rubbed it along my length before squirting some along the seam of her ass. Tossing the bottle aside I reached back into the drawer and pulled out the little glove that I knew would drive her over the edge even faster than my dick filling her most sacred of places.

I moved behind Emmie on the bed, positioning myself where she wanted me the most. She whimpered as the tip skimmed over the seam of her ass. "Nik...!" She pushed back against me, taking me in.

I bit back a curse. The tightness from that dark, forbidden place was bringing me close to the edge fast. I bent over her back, holding onto her waist with one hand and using the gloved hand to torment her clit. A keening cry filled the room before she bit her lip to keep from letting it escape again for fear of waking anyone.

"Damn, you're so tight, baby," I muttered, kissing her shoulder. "Move for me, Em. Set the pace."

"I'm close, Nik," she whimpered. "I'm not going to last if you keep touching me with that vibrating glove."

I grinned. "Then you should have told Harper you didn't want it." Harper had given Emmie and Layla a whole box of toys since we hadn't gotten into the whole sex club scene like she had gotten Lana and Drake into. "I'll throw it away first thing in the morning."

"No!" she cried. "It's my favorite."

"What do you like so much about it, baby?" I whispered, touching her with the vibrating tip of my middle finger. "The silkiness of the glove or the pulsing tips?"

"Both," she whimpered again, her hips rocking back and forth, taking me an inch deeper each time. "Ah... Mmmm... So good. It's so good."

"Faster," I commanded. "Take more."

"Yes. Oh, yes... AHHH. Nik!" Her pussy was quivering, clenching and I could feel it, making her ass tighten around me with the convulsions from her release.

"Don't stop, Em. I want you to come again before I fill you up." She was trembling but she didn't dare stop, greedy for another orgasm as much as I was to give it to her. She rocked faster, taking me to the hilt before pulling forward until only the tip was still inside. I stroked her clit faster, adding just a little more pressure before moving further down until I was pushing three fingers inside of her dripping pussy.

"That's it. Right there," she panted.

"Come for me, Emmie," I pleaded. I was so close that it was hurting not to let myself come, but I wasn't going to let go until she was mindless with one more release.

"Almost... Oh... Yes, Nik. Yes...." She buried her face in the mattress to muffle her scream as she came hard one last time, taking me with her.

I dropped onto my back beside her and pulled her across my chest. We were at the opposite end of the bed but that didn't matter as we both fell into a deep, satisfaction-filled sleep.

Chapter 16

Jesse

I was half asleep when I heard her laugh.

The sound was so full of life and happiness that I turned over on the poor excuse for a cot that some nurse with an attitude had brought to me just a few minutes after Emmie had left the night before. I'd been able to finally fall asleep around three this morning, twisted like a pretzel because my body was so much bigger than the little cot. Layla had been snoozing soundly by then. I had spent an hour just sitting on the edge of her bed, tracing my fingers over her beautiful face because I knew she loved when I did that and I couldn't keep from not touching the reason I kept breathing.

"What's funny, baby?" I asked, wiping the sleep out of my eyes with the heels of my hands.

"I'm just going through the pictures on your phone that someone took of you and the babies," she told me, another laugh in her voice. "Seriously, some of the faces the boys are making remind me of you... Not necessarily in a good way."

"Hey!" I grumbled and stood up, reaching for my iPhone. "Don't be mean, woman. I've seen some of your traits in those two little demons too. Not all good..." I dropped a kiss on her lips, lingering for a moment to get my fill of her taste. "...but most of them are."

"Good to know," she said and grinned. Her eyes were half closed. She looked exhausted even after a full night's sleep. The doctor had said that was normal, but I hated seeing the woman who was normally so full of energy and life barely able to keep her eyes open. "I'm hungry. All they want to feed me is Jell-O and broth and weak-ass tea."

"What do you want to eat, baby?" I sat down carefully on the edge of her bed, rubbing my fingers up and down her smooth arm. "I'll have Emmie pick you up anything you want and bring it with her. She should be on her way by now."

"It's breakfast time, Jesse. I don't want breakfast." She yawned, closing her eyes tiredly. "Maybe she can get it later."

I rolled my eyes because I knew she couldn't see me. "Tell me what you want, woman."

Her lips twitched but she didn't open her eyes. "A huge bowl of spaghetti and meat balls from Angelo's. With crispy salad and lots of buttery breadsticks. It's okay though. I can wait until dinner time. Spaghetti for breakfast is a little much."

"You haven't eaten in like three days, Layla. You can have whatever the fuck you want." I lifted my phone and hit Emmie's name on my contact list.

"Everything okay?" Emmie asked as soon as we were connected.

"Layla wants her favorite from Angelo's," I told her and Layla's eyes snapped open. "She's hungry."

Emmie laughed, but I thought I heard a sob in her voice. She was just as torn up over all of this as I was. Layla was her best friend and it would have killed her if we had lost Layla or the twins. "Well, that's got to be a good sign. Give me an hour." There was a pause and I heard her say something before a deep voice I only vaguely recognized muttered something back to her. The head of the security team was always at Emmie's beck and call. They were the team we used on tour and somehow Emmie had wrapped that hard-ass man around her finger like she seemed to do every other man she came across. "I have to go, Jesse. Love you... Tell Layla I love her, too."

"Drive safe, Em," I told her. "Love you."

Tossing the phone on the little table beside the hospital bed I leaned forward and kissed Layla's lips carefully. "Can you wait an hour?"

Chocolate eyes narrowed on me. "You're going to be twice as bad now, aren't you? I've married an ape." I winked, not denying her accusations and she grinned at me. "I love you."

My heart clenched. "Oh, baby. You have no idea how much I love you back." I kissed her again, because I couldn't stop myself. I was a man starved for the taste of her. Fuck, it was going to be weeks, months, before I was going to be able to have her the way I so desperately wanted her. Kisses were all I was going to get for a long while and I was going to take all that she would give me. I could live without the sex, but her kisses were my salvation.

"Knock, knock."

Reluctantly I lifted my head to find a nurse standing in the doorway. It was the charge nurse who took care of the NICU and she was pushing one large incubator in front of her. I stood to help her inside the room then turned to look down at my sons. They had moved them into the same incubator the night before during my last visit. The boys seemed distressed without each other, their breathing more labored. When they placed them side by side in the incubator their heart rate had become normal and their oxygen levels had evened out.

They had placed blue T-shirts on them, labeling them Baby 1 and Baby 2 because they were completely identical. Baby 1 was curled up beside Baby 2 who had his arms around his brother, his head snuggled against his chest. I breathed a sigh of relief to see the oxygen gone. "How did it go last night?" I asked Tracy, the nurse.

"Stubborn," Tracy told me with a small laugh. "We kept moving them apart, but they always ended up like this. They shouldn't be able to move around like that yet."

"Jesse..?" Layla's hesitant voice made me turn to look at her.

Her eyes were glued to the incubator beside me, tears brimming in them. "Ready to meet our boys?" I asked softly and a tear fell down her cheek before she nodded.

I glanced at Tracy. "Will they be in the nursery today?"

"Yes, sir. I thought I would let them come in and say hi to their mommy before I took them in. But because of the sleep apnea we are going to be keeping them in the nursery for a while. They have to have three nights in a row of no alarms going off before you can take them home."

"Can I hold them?" Layla asked quietly and I lifted Baby 1 into my arms carefully.

He weighed next to nothing. Both babies had lost a few ounces since their birth, but the doctor assured me that at the rate they were eating it would all be gained back before long. I wrapped his blanket tighter around him and took the few steps to Layla's bed. All traces of tiredness were gone as her eyes devoured the sight of our child in my arms.

"Jesse, you're killing me," she said with a laugh, using her fingers to wipe her tears away. "Please, just give him to me."

Chuckling, I transferred him into her arms and brushed a kiss over the baby's head before dropping one on hers. "All yours, baby."

"Gods, he's so beautiful," she whispered, stroking a finger over his cheek. The baby sighed contentedly but didn't open his eyes as he sometimes did. But a tiny smile lifted one corner of his mouth. "Hello, Luca. Have you been taking care of your brother?"

"He's been taking very good care of him, ma'am," Tracy assured her quietly.

"That's my good boy." She kissed his nose. "He looks just like you, Jesse."

"Because he's bald and angry looking?" I grinned when she shot me a mock glare. "He's too beautiful to look like me, Layla. They look like you." She blushed with pleasure, but I could see the argument in her eyes. I shook my head and turned to lift Baby 2 into my arms. "Okay, buddy. If that's Luca, then that can only mean your name is Lyric. Aunt Emmie says she's not calling you that, though. So you're going to be Ric to her."

"I told you. We should just call him Ric anyway." Layla raised her head from Luca as I stepped forward to place Lyric in her other arm. "But you had to give him a name that starts with L."

"It's a cooler name, baby. The guys love it." I wasn't going to back down on it. L was a lucky letter for us and I had inked it into my chest just a few weeks ago.

"You're rockers, Jesse. Of course they like the name." She sighed, giving in as she smiled down at Lyric. "Hello, Ric. It feels like I've waited a lifetime to finally meet you, sweet baby boy. Your brother's going to take good care of you, but don't let him do all the work. Take care of him as much as he takes care of you."

She kissed his nose and Lyric sighed, just as content to be with his mother as his brother was.

Tracy gave her five more minutes before she took them to the nursery. "I'll bring them back in a few hours, Mrs. Thornton. You need your rest."

Tears were streaming down Layla's face as she clung to my hand and we watched the nurse wheel our babies out of the room. "I don't want them to go," she whispered, her voice breaking on a sob.

I sat down on the bed beside her and pulled her into my arms. "It's okay, baby. You'll see them in a little while." She sobbed harder and I let a few tears of my own fall. "Don't cry, baby. Please, don't cry." It tore me apart to hear her crying. "We'll all be together soon."

Emmie

The parking lot outside the hospital was noticeably quieter today than it had been the last few days. I wasn't going to dare think that it was because the paparazzi vultures had given up on getting the first pictures of Jesse Thornton's twins, or even pictures of Layla looking like shit after the hell she had been through. They were close by, I could almost smell their greedy scent.

I nodded at the two security men that were part of the team that had covered Shane's wedding and had been keeping Layla and the twins safe from the prying eye of the world. They inclined their heads, the only acknowledgement they ever gave me. I walked through the lobby and was lucky enough to catch the elevator doors open, but about to shut. Jumping through the door I found the elevator slightly crowded and rearranged my bags.

I heard a few sniffs, breathing in the delicious scent of spaghetti and garlic bread. The man in a suit beside me glanced at my take out bag and raised a brow. "Is that fresh?"

I shrugged. "My friend is hungry."

"It's nine-thirty in the morning. How did you get Angelo's this early? He doesn't open until late evening." The man frowned at me. "Do you know the owner?"

I shrugged again. "I do now." In truth, I hadn't even met the owner of the Italian restaurant until about an hour ago. It wasn't surprising that for the right price I was able to get the chef out of bed and in the kitchen fixing Layla's favorite meal from Angelo's in less than half an hour."

The elevator stopped and I stepped off. There were two more security men standing at the entrance to the maternity wing. I got another head bob from the men as one opened the door for me. I didn't even pause at the nurses' station as I passed, heading straight for Layla's private room.

When I opened the door it was to find Jesse lying in bed beside Layla with her sound asleep against his chest. Tears stained her pale cheeks. "What's up?" I asked quietly as I placed the delicious-smelling food on the little rolling table. "She okay?"

"She got to hold the boys for a few minutes before they had to go to the nursery. She's a little upset right now. Her doctor came in a little while ago and said she's just having some postpartum issues." He grimaced, probably remembering how bad my postpartum depression had been after having Mia.

"Layla's stronger than I was, Jesse. She's not going to go all psycho bitch on you like I did. The last few days have been hard on her-on all of us. A few days of weeping isn't going to be that bad."

"Yeah, you're probably right." He stroked his hand over Layla's hair. "Did you take care of tonight?"

I nodded. "All set to go." Jesse and Layla had given in and told Lucy that she could go trick-or-treating with Harris tonight. But protective daddy that Jesse was had asked me to have someone from the security company follow the two kids. Just to keep an eye on them from a distance. Make sure that Lucy was safe. I could completely understand Jesse's need for extra precaution. If it had been Mia, I probably wouldn't let her leave the house without a bodyguard or three following after her.

"She gave them their names this morning. Baby 1 is Luca and Baby 2 is Lyric." He smiled tiredly.

I returned his smile. "I can't wait to get my hands on them. Ric is going to be so spoiled by me. You watch. I'll be his favorite aunt. And Luca is going to be my little buddy. I'm so going to turn him into you."

"I can't wait." He yawned and I knew he was exhausted.

I had a million and one things that needed my attention still, so I kissed his cheek and told him I would be back in a few hours. "I'll bring you both some clothes. You could really use a shower and a shave." I rubbed his scruffy cheek. "Get some rest. I'll bring Lucy by before I drop her off at Devlin's house."

"Love you, Em." He yawned again, his eyes already closing.

I couldn't help but stop by the nursery before leaving. I glanced through the viewing window and saw the nurses moving around busily. There were three babies at the window, a little girl wrapped in lots of pink and the twins in the same incubator. There had been some differing opinions last night when Jesse had asked them to put the twins together. Some of the nurses hadn't wanted to because co-sleeping could lead to crib death, but Lyric had been having a little more trouble than usual with his breathing. As soon as the twins had been moved into the same incubator everything had turned around. Luca was more at peace and Lyric's oxygen levels evened out.

"Good morning."

I turned my head to find a girl in her teens standing beside me. I hadn't even heard her I was so caught up in looking at my nephews. My eyes narrowed on her. She set off all kinds of warning bells for me. "Good morning."

"Excuse me," she said and I stepped back as she lifted a smartphone and snapped a picture.

At first I thought she was taking pictures of the baby girl in the nursery, but then I stepped back to get a quick glance and saw it was the twins. I didn't even think before I reacted. I grabbed her by the hair and jerked her back against the wall. She shrieked and screamed at me when I took the phone from her.

"You stupid little bitch!" I yelled at her when I saw that there were at least five pictures of Luca and Lyric. "Who's paying you for the pictures?"

"No one!" Her eyes were wild and I realized that she was probably high. "Not yet."

"Not ever." I dropped the phone on the floor and stomped it with the heel of my boots, still holding onto the girl by her hair. "Stupid junkies," I muttered as I pulled her toward the doors.

When I got to the double doors that led to the maternity wing I pushed her through them and against one of the security men. "Get her out of here and double security. I don't care what the administrator says. No one gets through those doors unless they have one of those parent ID bracelets."

I waited until the second security guy had his phone to his ear, getting it all done before going back to the nursery. The nurses had stopped what they were doing to watch the commotion that I had made. I glared at them all and nodded toward the door that went into the nursery. It was locked, no one could get in without swiping their clearance badges.

The nurse that I remembered from the NICU opened the door and let me inside. "What was that about?" she asked quietly.

"That was what I have been warning this whole fucking hospital about for days. She was trying to get pictures of the twins to sell for a fortune. Which she would have gotten if I hadn't stopped her. Keep the boys away from the viewing window. Do not let anyone in here, at all. If your administrator has a problem with me or my demands tell her to take it up with my lawyer. Because if one picture leaks out about those babies and their mother I will sue this entire hospital."

Tracy nodded. "I completely understand, Mrs. Armstrong. I'll let the administrator know and speak to the staff down here personally."

"You make her call me!" I commanded and turned on my heel, storming out of the hospital before I ripped someone's head off.

Chapter 17

Harper

I had to untangle myself from Shane before I could get out of bed. He groaned and held on tighter as I tried to crawl toward the edge of the bed. "Not yet," he mumbled, still half asleep.

I kissed his chest then pushed him away. "I have things I need to do. Like pee."

"Come back to bed when you're done," he grumbled, turning over onto his stomach and hugging my pillow. "We have things to do, too."

Laughing, I headed into the bathroom and didn't even bother to close the door. As soon as I sat down I nearly groaned. "Ouch," I muttered, the pressure and slight burning telling me I had a UTI.

"You okay?" Shane called, having heard me.

"Nothing a trip to the doctor can't remedy," I called back. "I have a urinary tract infection. Nothing serious."

I started to get up but he appeared in the doorway, frowning. "Does it hurt?"

I shrugged, turning to flush and then moving toward the sink to wash my hands. "It's not comfortable. I'll be fine, Shane." I dried my hands and then stepped into his waiting arms. They tightened around me and he pressed a kiss to my forehead. "I'll call my doctor and get an appointment for later today, okay?"

"While you're there, talk to her about stopping the pill..."

I raised my head, meeting his gaze. "You want to start trying for a baby?" My heart was racing a hundred miles a minute all of a sudden and I stepped back, needing a better view of his face.

We had only talked about it a few times, in recent months, and we had both decided it was something we needed to think more on. But with Layla's twins already here, Lana due in two months, and now Emmie expecting baby number two I was getting a little excited for us to have our own little rocker running around this huge house.

Shane gave me a sheepish grin. "I think Emmie has slipped something in the water because ever since she told us she was pregnant I've been thinking about it more and more. What do you think, beautiful? Are we ready to start our family?"

I threw my arms around his neck. "Yes. Yes, I think now is perfect." I pulled back, a stupid, happy grin so big it hurt my face. "Our baby will have so many cousins to play with and go to school with."

"I was thinking more along the lines of how sexy you're going to look with my baby growing inside of you. Not the cousins and school thing." He brushed his lips over my lips, making my breath catch as I felt his erection pulse against my bare thighs. "It makes me hard just thinking about it, beautiful."

"Mm. I can see that." I grinned as I reached between us to let my fingers skim up and down the long, hard length of him. "So you want to see me fat and miserable."

"Pregnant and glowing," he corrected, backing me toward the sink until my rear hit the coolness of the ceramic. "Let's start practicing now, baby. It might take me a few tries to get the technique down to put a baby in that sexy little body."

My grin disappeared as a moan of pure pleasure escaped me when he lifted me effortlessly and placed me on the edge of the sink. His fingers spreading my pussy open wide as he stepped between my legs. The tip was already damp with his precum. I was soaking wet, my desire already running down my thighs even before he touched me.

When he felt my heat he growled with pleasure and put the tip inside of me. "Fuck. That feels so damn good."

I could only whimper in agreement. Shane slipped an inch deeper, and my arms wrapped around his shoulders needing to hold onto something to ground me to the earth.

"You're dripping wet for me," he breathed at my ear as his thumb brushed over my clit. "Shit, that makes my balls tighten. Knowing how much you want me, that I can make you this hot so easily, it makes me so damn hard. All I want to do is pound into that sweet little pussy until I don't know where I end and you begin."

Another inch deeper and he wasn't even close to being halfway. My sex clamped around those two inches, trying to suck him deeper. His hand skimmed upward, over my tattoo to my belly button. Shane flattened his hand against me. "She's going to grow here, she's going to be safe and happy right here as she grows. And you're going to be so goddamned hot as your stomach grows, because I will know you are taking care of our child."

He thrust into me until he was balls deep with one powerful stroke, making me clutch at him as my nails dug into his flesh. His words melted my heart even as his body melted everything else. My legs wrapped around his waist, keeping him prisoner inside of me as we raced toward completion.

Later, after we had showered together and finally gotten ready for the day, I hugged him tight. "I love you."

"I love you, too, beautiful."

"Our little family is going to be what neither of us had as kids. They will be so spoiled rotten and I won't even care." I was never going to put our kids down, make them feel unworthy.

Shane chuckled, brushing my long hair back from my face. "Of course they will. They'll have the best life imaginable, because they will have you as their mom."

Tears burned my eyes and I had to kiss him again or start crying. How was it possible to love someone as much as I loved him without combusting?

I dropped by the office before I went to my doctor's appointment that afternoon. Since we had delayed our honeymoon there was no reason why I couldn't check in with Rex and see if they were having any problems. I liked my boss, had become decent friends with him even though he liked to use my relationship with Shane and his family a little too often. Shane got along with Rex, which made my life a little easier.

They seemed set without me at the office, so I bailed out after checking the stack of pictures on my desk.

The doctor's office wasn't very busy when I signed in. I sat down in a corner, keeping my head down so no one would notice me. Not that I expected anyone to, but I had learned in the last six months to be cautious. Shane's fans-the women at least-hated me. I was still getting death threats and nasty hate mail sent to my office as well as our house. Emmie took care of the fan mail and at least half of it was for Shane and how much they wanted to hurt me because we were engaged and now married.

My bodyguard went with me when Shane couldn't. Since Shane had gone to the hospital to check on Layla and the babies, Peterson had driven me to the doctor's office. He had left me at the entrance to the building where I had told him he could pick me up in about an hour since I had no idea how long this visit was going to take.

"Harper?"

I raised my head to find the nurse standing in the doorway to the back of the office. I stood quickly and hurried toward her, offering her a smile. "Hi."

She smiled back. "What brings you in, dear?" she asked as I stepped onto the scale in the little alcove before we reached the exam rooms.

"I think I have a UTI, and there are a few things I need to talk to the doctor about," I told her as she scanned my forehead with the thermometer.

"Okay then." She reached into the cabinet behind me and pulled out a cup before labeling it with my name and birthdate. "Can you give us a little sample? I'll give it to the lab and she will have the results before she comes in to talk to you."

Twenty minutes later I left the office feeling lighter, happier. I had a horrible UTI, the doctor had told me, but she had told me I could stop taking my birth control pills as soon as I finished this cycle out. I only had a week to go and then Shane and I could start trying for our baby.

Chapter 18

Emmie

I sat back on my heels, examining my art work.

Mia gave me a grumpy look. "Are you done yet, Momma?"

"Nearly," I assured her as I smeared the glitter on her checks that was too thick in one spot. "Okay, there. Now you are my beautiful flower fairy."

She clapped her hands together excitedly before turning around to examine herself in the floor-length mirror on the opposite wall in my bathroom. "Oh, I'm so pretty!"

I rolled my eyes. "You're always pretty, Mia."

"Aunt Emmie, I'm ready." Lucy stepped into the bedroom and I stepped out of the bathroom to find a zombie version of Jane Austen standing before me. Shit, that girl was too smart and creative for her own good, but she was freaking adorable. "Nice. Are you ready to go see your parents before I take you to Harris's house?"

"I'm ready whenever you are." She grinned. "Think Harris will like it?"

"I'm sure he will relate completely to the zombie, but I'm not sure if he will get the whole Jane Austen thing." I laughed as I picked Mia up to carry her downstairs to her father. Mia wasn't up for trick-or-treating. She had told us plain and simple she didn't like it. So she was going to give out candy with Nik.

"He's smarter than you think, Aunt Em," Lucy informed me as she followed me down the stairs. "He reads as much as I do."

"So he knows who Jane Austen is? He's read her books?"

"Probably not."

I glanced at her over my shoulder. "Well, he's still pretty to look at, huh?" Lucy blushed and I laughed again. "It is okay, Lucy. Even I know he's a little hottie." The boy looked just like his dad, so how could he not be hot? Shaggy dark hair that always seemed to be in his aquamarine eyes, and his shoulders were already wider than the majority of the boys his age.

"Don't tell Dad," she whispered when we reached the living room. Nik was already pouring bags of candy into the huge black bowl with a pumpkin on the front. "He might kill Harris."

"My lips are sealed, baby cakes," I promised as I sat Mia on her feet and she ran toward her father.

"I'm ready to give out the candy, Daddy," Mia informed her father, sounding very important.

"Who are you?" Nik asked, crouching down in front of the little fairy. "My little Mia is going to be helping me. You're not my Mia."

"Daddy, it's me!" She cupped his face in both hands, her voice serious.

"I'm not sure." He examined her closer. "My Mia doesn't have glittery green hair or shimmery cheeks. She doesn't have pretty pink wings or yellow legs."

"It's a costume, Daddy. Really it's me."

"Nope, I don't believe you. But maybe... If you are really and truly my precious Mia then you will know the answer to this question... Who is Mia's favorite person in the entire world?"

"You are, Daddy!" she exclaimed, hugging him tight.

"What about your momma?" Nik asked, glancing at me over Mia's shoulder. "Is Momma your favorite too?"

"She's my second favorite."

I sighed. "Better second than last, I guess." I picked up my keys. "I'm leaving now, but I should be back before you give out all the candy."

Nik stood and kissed my lips. The touch of his lips brought back all the delicious memories we had made the night before and I leaned in, deepening the kiss for a moment longer. When I stepped back his eyes were nearly cobalt. "Hurry back," he murmured, making me shiver.

"Only if you promise more of last night," I whispered before turning around. "Let's go, Lucy. Your dad is going to want to take all kinds of pictures."

"Bye, Uncle Nik," Lucy called as she followed me out.

"Bye, Lucy. Have fun, sweetheart."

"Bye, Lucy!" Mia called from her spot at the candy bowl, already trying to sneak a miniature candy bar.

"Bye, Mia!"

"I know it's Halloween and all, Nik, but I'd rather our child didn't have a stomachache from all the candy she's going to be sneaking..." His eyes lifted from my ass with a frown and saw that Mia had one candy bar in her hand and another in her mouth already. "Damn, she is quick." Laughing at his mumbled curse, I opened the door. "Love you."

On the drive to the hospital Lucy told me all about her new assignment for her creative writing class. She was going to do an interview with Harris on what it's like to grow up as a rocker brat-her words not mine. When I told her she was a rocker brat, she sighed. "Not like Harris is. I wasn't born into it, so I don't know everything to expect. Harris is older, has even gone on a summer-long tour with his dad. Oh, I forgot the best part! If my teacher likes my assignment she said that she might let me do a few articles for the school newspaper. They only let older kids do that, never fourth graders."

My eyes widened not because that was what I thought she expected-because she did-but because I was seriously impressed. Lucy was creative as hell, I knew that, but this was awesome in my book. "Honey, that's great. I'm so proud of you. Your parents will be too."

"I'm not going to tell them..."

I was silent until I stopped at the next red light and then I put the SUV in Park and turned to face her. "Lucy..."

"They have so much going on right now, Aunt Em. I don't want them to have to worry about me too." She bit her lip, chewing off the makeup she had obviously painstakingly applied with no help.

"You're right. They do have a lot going on right now. And you're a big part of that. The twins, they are going to be just fine, Lucy. And Layla is already doing so much better. It's you that your dad is stressed the most about, baby." I reached out and stroked her cheek. "He would die if you started keeping things from him now, especially something that he would want to celebrate with you."

Lucy swallowed hard and sucked in a shaky breath before nodding in understanding. "Okay. I'll tell them."

I grinned. "Great." I put the Escalade back in Drive and noticed that we had sat through a green light and now had to wait since the light was red once more. There was nothing behind us except for an old truck that I just now noticed in the rearview mirror. I probably wouldn't have even taken a second glance at it if it weren't for the fact that a truck like that this close to Malibu wasn't something I would normally see. Even the low key gardeners that took care of some of the lawns drove better trucks than that one. "When do you find out if your teacher likes the assignment or not?"

"Next week. I have the weekend to do the interview and write the paper."

"As soon as you find out I want to know, okay?" I drummed my fingers on the steering wheel, not really paying attention to anything but Lucy for the moment. "We can all have dinner somewhere special that night."

"I'd rather just have a meal at home with everyone, including the twins. That would really make it perfect." Lucy smiled a little sadly. "But since they aren't likely to come home before then I'll settle for dinner at Papa Gianni's."

A laugh bubbled out of me just as the light turned green and I started to ease through the intersection. "You got it, Lu-"

My words were cut off and a yelp escaped me as the vehicle that had still been a few car lengths behind us suddenly bumped into the Escalade. I jerked forward from the impact and Lucy let out a small cry of distress. My foot pressed down on the brake so I wouldn't go any farther into traffic and turned my head slightly to glance out the back window.

I couldn't see anyone. I glanced around us and a shiver of pure fear-the same feeling I would get right before my mother would fly into a rage-went down my spine. I checked to make sure the doors were locked, and glanced around to see if there was anyone else around that had noticed the fender bender. But we were at a relatively vacant part of the city. There wouldn't be regular traffic for at least another twenty minutes. The calm before the storm of rush hour traffic.

My hands went straight for my cell phone and with fingers that noticeably trembled I started dialing 911. "I'm scared," Lucy whispered, glancing behind us too.

I reached for her hand and gave it a little squeeze as the operator greeted me. "Nine one-one. What is your emergency?"

"We've just been rear-ended," I told her, unable to stop the shakiness of my voice. "But the person who hit us is gone..."

"A hit and run, miss?"

"No..." Because I could almost feel the presence of someone else outside the SUV. "I don't know..."

"Do you require medical treatment?" the woman asked, sounding professional and concerned. "Is anyone hurt?"

I started to speak, to tell her no, we were fine. Lucy's scream locked up my throat, however, and I nearly dropped the phone. Her eyes were on whatever or whoever was behind me. I could hear the operator speaking as if the voice was coming from a long tunnel as I slowly turned my head and found the thing of nightmares standing at my window with a crowbar in his hands. Not just anyone's nightmares, but my own. I was transported back to a time when all I could see were glazed-over high eyes glaring down at me with hate. A time when I wondered if this was it. Was I going to die this time?

I had seen that face before. Those dark eyes so identical to the little girl sitting beside me. But the rest of him was nothing like the beautiful creature I had come to love like a niece. His eyes were glazed with a look I knew well, because I had spent the first fifteen years of my life seeing it daily. He was high, raging, and mean. Just like my mother had always been.

Suddenly I was a little girl again and I knew that I was going to be hurting before this was over. "Please," I whispered into the phone as the crowbar hit the driver's side window the first time, cracking it, "please, help us."

The next swing and the glass exploded all over me. I was torn between wanting to protect my belly and the child growing inside, and Lucy. That fear made my mind fuzzy. When I should have just shot the SUV into Drive and hit the gas, I panicked instead. Shaking with fear I unfastened my seatbelt as fast as possible and reached for her. "Run!" I commanded.

Lucy only paused for a moment before she unbuckled her seatbelt and opened the door. She had barely jumped down and I was trying to jump out behind her, my phone forgotten in my fight or flight mode. For the moment I was solely focused on flight and the need to get Lucy as far away from the kind of monster that I'd had to live with growing up.

"No you don't, bitch," Vince Grady growled as he caught my foot, tripping me as I climbed across the seats. "She's mine."

I kicked out at him, trying to dislodge his hold on my ankle so that I could run after Lucy. "She's ours!" I yelled at him. "You can't have her. Jesse will kill you if you even try."

"Oh, he can have her back," he snarled, pulling me across the console and closer to him. The stench of something smoky, stale and sour turned my stomach and I nearly gagged even as I fought him to get free. But in his drug-induced state he was freakishly strong. When he caught my kicking foot, trapping both feet in his hands I knew I was in serious trouble. "As soon as he pays enough."

I turned and tried to see out the windshield, praying that Lucy was far, far away from all of this. My heart dropped when I saw that she was only a few yards away, having realized that I wasn't with her any longer. Her brown eyes were wide with fear in her pale face. Tears rolling down her cheeks. "Emmie!" she cried.

"Run!" I screamed at her. "Run, Lucy!"

Vince pulled harder and the back of my head hit the console hard, but I barely felt the pain. Adrenaline was rushing through me and I tried to sit up. Maybe if I could just hit him, or grab the crowbar I would be able to get free. Lucy needed me. I couldn't let her down. I couldn't let this evil monster take her.

"I'll pay whatever you want, right now," I told him, trying to distract him. Money was all he wanted, just as I had first assumed when Jesse told me that this man wanted his daughter. All he wanted was payment for his little girl, and then he would go away... Until he needed more money. I knew Jesse would hand over every penny he had to his name for Lucy. She was his baby, his since before Layla had even said 'I do'. "I can get you the money. As much as you want."

"I don't want your money. I want his," Vince assured me.

"I have full access to Jesse's money." I had access to all the guys' money. I paid their bills, invested for them, made sure that their millions were safe. And now I would fork over an ungodly amount so that Jesse could keep his daughter.

It was what I had planned on doing anyway. Having him found, his signature put on the bottom of the paperwork that would relinquish his rights over Lucy forever. Then paying him off and making sure he never bothered my family again. But with the craziness of the last week I hadn't put as much effort in having this man found like I should have been doing.

Instead he had found me, and this was going to end in one of two ways. He would calm the fuck down and let me get him the money, or he would hurt me-maybe even kill me-and use Lucy as ransom to get the money he needed. No doubt so he could snort it up his nose or shoot it into his arm. I had to keep my head, had to fight through the fear that was trying to swallow me alive so I could make sure that I didn't end up dead... Fuck, I had to keep calm for Lucy who could end up in a body bag if I didn't.

"No deal, bitch." His fist connected with my jaw and I saw stars for a moment. "I want to see his face. I want to see that fucker's face as he hands over the money. If he loves the girl he will bring it himself."

"Leave her alone!" I yelled at him as I lifted. He screamed in pain as my nails raked down his face. "He will kill you and I will help him bury the fucking body," I growled as I caught the crowbar from his slackened hands and swung it at his face.

It connected, but not with as much force as I would have liked. Damn, I was hoping to knock him out, instead it just dazed him enough for me to get free. I scrambled across the seats and out the door. I saw Lucy a ways down the street. "Keep running," I called, running toward her.

"EMMIE!"

That was all the warning I got before I was tackled to the ground. My heart stopped, thinking about my baby as I landed hard on my stomach...

And then I couldn't think at all as blackness suddenly surrounded me. I felt something wet slide down my face as he hit me again just before the world disappeared.

Chapter 19

Jesse

Layla's private room was full of family. Drake and Lana sat at the window, one wrapped around the other. Shane sat in the only other spare chair with Harper on his lap. All of them were laughing with Layla as she attempted to feed Luca. He was being particular though, having gotten so spoiled with me feeding him over the last few days. He knew my scent, my touch and was looking for it.

I didn't move from where I was standing holding Lyric, who had already had his dinner and then some. My little warrior's appetite had picked up today and he had sucked down his bottle and cried for more after he had been burped. The nurse had rushed to get another bottle for Luca because Lyric had inhaled half that bottle too.

Layla was doing better emotionally since she had gotten to spend a little more time with the boys earlier in the day and now she was getting to actually feed them. She was smiling, her tears miles away. Now all we needed was for Emmie to get Lucy here so that my family would be complete.

For what was probably the fiftieth time I glanced down at the watch on my left wrist. It was just after five, but Emmie had assured me she would have Lucy here by four-thirty. I wasn't happy with her going off with Harris tonight for trick-or-treating, but Emmie had arranged for one of the security guards to follow the kids tonight, offering me that safety net that I needed.

Emmie was rarely late, and when she was she always called me. I felt off, my heart starting to race with anxiety. Then I brushed it off. Em and Lucy were fine. Of course they were...

I was so lost in my musings that when my phone buzzed I jerked, making Lyric protest. Pulling the cell from my pocket I saw that it was Emmie and breathed a sigh of relief. I handed the baby over to Harper who was the closest to me and then answered the phone. "Hey. Where you at?"

"D-da-daddy?"

My heart stopped at the sound of Lucy's voice. In that one broken word I heard a million different things. The fear that made her voice wobble is what broke me, though. "Lucy?" I breathed her name.

"Da-daddy, I'm sorry!" she cried before she was cut off.

I heard a male voice I didn't recognize snap something I couldn't understand and then his voice was coming loud and clear through the phone. "Jesse Thorton?"

"Yes," I snarled. "Who the fuck is this and what the hell are you doing with my daughter? Where is Emmie?"

The room around me seemed to freeze and I didn't even notice as Drake and Shane stood and flanked me. I was too lost in rage because even though I had no clue what was going on, I knew that this man had hurt Lucy... and probably Emmie too!

"Emmie is where I left her... Or maybe not. I'm sure someone has found her by now. Don't worry, she was still breathing when I last saw her." My vision actually narrowed at his words and I nearly stumbled as I reached for something to steady me. It was the end of Layla's bed and I gripped it with my free hand so tightly I thought I heard the thick plastic crack a little. "As for your daughter... She's not. She's mine. But you can have her if you want... If you're willing to pay for her."

"Grady." I spit the name out, tasting bile.

"You're a smart man, Thorton. So, do you want her back or not?" Vince Grady's voice was hard but full of what I thought might be boredom. What the fuck? He was asking me if I wanted my little girl back as calmly as if he was asking if I wanted extra cheese on my pizza.

"Of course I fucking want her back!" I exploded and heard the babies whimper, but my concern didn't even reach to caring if I scared my boys just then. I was too scared, too fucking terrified for Lucy. "How much?"

"Two million." I didn't even blink at his demand. I would have handed over every damn penny I had if it would get me Lucy back. "I want it by tomorrow at noon. I get the money, you get Lucy. A fair trade, yeah? And if you're smart you won't involve the cops."

"Don't worry about it, fucker. There won't be any need for the cops." It wasn't like I wanted the cops to witness a murder anyway. Because I was going to fucking bury that bastard as soon as I got my hands on him. "Let's do this tonight."

"You can get that much money now?" He laughed like he thought I had said something incredibly funny.

"I can't, but Emmie could." Emmie would call the president of the bank, get his ass in the vault and have the money within the hour. But Emmie wasn't here and I had no idea where she was, or how badly she was hurt. That fucker had her phone, had sad that she was still breathing when he last saw her... How long ago had that been? Of fuck, what about the baby? I squeezed my eyes shut. "Where is she?"

"Probably the closest hospital by now. Fine, tonight it is. You have until midnight." He told me the place, and I repeated it aloud, nodding.

"Let me talk to Lucy," I demanded, when I realized that Grady was going to hang up. I needed to hear her voice again, to know that she was alright.

"You have thirty seconds to talk to her," he said before I heard Lucy's whimper.

"Lucy? Are you okay, baby?" Where my voice had been full of rage just seconds before it was suddenly choked and broken. I swallowed hard, trying to hold back the tears and the gut twisting fear. "Did he hurt you?"

"M-my f-f-face," she stuttered.

"I'm going to get you back, baby. I swear it. I'll have you home soon, okay?"

"D-da-daddy... She was bleeding," Lucy sobbed, and I knew she was talking about Emmie. "She wasn't moving."

Before I could say anything the line went dead. "Lucy?" I said her name, praying that she would answer me but knowing she wouldn't. A roar was bubbling up inside of me and I raked my hands over my scalp.

The rage was building again and it was like nothing I had ever felt in my life. Nothing compared to how explosive I was at that moment. That fucker had hurt Lucy, had hurt Em. He had my baby and I couldn't get to her. Couldn't protect her and that was driving me crazy.

"Jesse?" Layla's voice made me raise my head and I saw the same emotions swirling in her eyes that were tossing me around on the inside. "What the fuck is going on?"

"Vince Grady took Lucy," I snapped, unable to calm down even for her. "He took her and he wants two million tonight. I have no clue where Emmie is but he hurt her, left her bleeding somewhere." Her already pale face turned alabaster and I saw her start to shake.

Lana rushed to take Luca from her before she accidently dropped the baby. Then she was placing the baby in the incubator because she was shaking too. "I need Em to get the money because I don't even fucking know our bank account number..."

There were a million things I needed to do, but I had no idea how to get them done because the one who was the sane one, the one who took care of me and all my problems was lost to me at that moment. I felt impotent and useless and terrified and that only made the rage burn higher.

"...Nik." Shane's voice distracted me for a moment and I realized he was on the phone doing one of the things I should have already been doing. Calling Nik. Oh fuck, he was going to go crazy.

"Calm down, Nik," Shane yelled and I could hear Nik exploding over the line. "You'll scare Mia. Call a cab, don't fucking drive, okay? You'll only wreck and you don't want to hurt Mia, do you? Good, call a cab and get here... It's going to be okay. We'll find her, bro. Her and Lucy both."

"This is the closest hospital," Harper said, already placing Lyric in the incubator with his brother. "If Em was hurt this is where the paramedics would have brought her. I'll check the ER."

She left without me even really understanding a word she had said. It was all surreal to me and I was seeing things with tunnel vision with shades of red all around me. I watched everything around me as if I were someone watching a movie. Lana sitting on the bed, holding a now sobbing Layla. Drake on the phone to someone, but talking in hushed tones so I couldn't make out much of what he was saying. Shane still on his cell with Nik, talking him down so that Mia wouldn't be scared. Twin babies lying cuddled in an incubator, curled around each other. None of that really registered to me on an emotional level. I had shut down like I had the day Layla had gone into labor. All I could feel was the rage and the need to make Vince Grady bleed.

My cell phone buzzed again and I didn't hesitate to answer it. "Yeah?"

"She's down here," Harper's shaky voice informed me. "You need to get down here... Bring Shane and Drake."

"Is she alive?" Was that my voice, dead and cold?

"Yes, Jesse. She's alive and bitching. Just get the fuck down here," she yelled at me. "Snap the fuck out of it and move!"

I blinked. Harper wasn't one to raise her voice but she had just ordered me around in a way that only Emmie would do. Almost as if she had flipped a switch inside of me, I began to calm down a little. "We'll be right down."

I stuffed the phone in my pocket and turned to face Drake and Shane. "She's downstairs. Alive, and Harper says she's bitching, so that's a good sign... Right?" They nodded, giving me tight smiles. I glanced at Layla, still clinging to Lana just as hard as Lana was holding on to her. I wrapped my arms around both of them, kissing the top of Layla's head. "I'm going to get Lucy back, baby. I swear to gods, I'm getting her back."

Her head snapped up. Tears streamed down her white as snow face, but her eyes were hard as stone. "You'd better kill that bastard."

Drake grabbed my arm and pulled me toward the door before I could make her that promise.

Chapter 20

Emmie

I woke up on a gurney with some guy shinning a little flashlight in my eyes. I groaned and slapped his hand away when I felt the urge to vomit. "Stop."

"You have a concussion, miss," the man informed me in a concerned voice. "Can you tell me what your name is?"

"Ember Jameson Armstrong," I told him without having to think about it.

"Is there anyone we can call, Mrs. Armstrong?" the doctor asked, noticing my ring.

I frowned, wondering who I needed to call since I had a concussion... And then the reason for my concussion flashed through my mind and I sat up quickly. "Lucy. Where's Lucy?"

"Who is Lucy?" the doctor asked, helping to steady me because I suddenly felt dizzy after sitting up so fast.

"My niece," I snapped. "Is she here?"

"You are the only one the paramedics brought in. Someone found you on the side of the road, unconscious and bleeding from the head. They said it looked as if you had been assaulted since your vehicle was still sitting in the middle of the street with the driver's window shattered and the passenger door wide open."

I swallowed my growing fear. "And the other vehicle? The truck that hit me?"

The doctor shook his head. "They said they only found your vehicle."

"Fuck!" I tried to get off the gurney, but the doctor pushed me back against the pillow. "Don't fucking touch me," I snarled, pushing his hands off me. "I have to find Jesse."

"You have a concussion. You won't be going anywhere until at least tomorrow as we need to keep you for observations. Not only do you need stitches but you appear to be spotting too..." His words stopped me from struggling and I just lay there, my hand going to my lower stomach.

Oh, no! I couldn't be losing the baby. I couldn't. Tears burned my eyes. "Am I going to lose my baby?"

"Right now you are only slightly spotting, but we can't determine if it is because you are miscarrying or from a blood vessel that burst when you hit the ground. Are you cramping?" I shook my head, because other than my head throbbing in time with my racing heart beat I had no other pain. "That's good. But you will need to stay in bed for the next day or two until the bleeding stops. I'll have the tech do an ultrasound to make sure everything is okay."

There was a knock on the exam room door and a nurse stuck her head around the corner. "Doctor, there is someone at the front desk asking if we have an Emmie Armstrong. Should I let her back?"

"Who is it?" I demanded before the doctor could respond. Could the press have caught wind of this already? Or was it my family?

"She says her name is Harper Stevenson..." the nurse informed me and I breathed a sigh of relief.

"That's my sister-in-law," I told the woman. "I want to see her."

"Okay then." The nurse left and the doctor started moving around the room, apparently gathering the things he needed to stitch me up.

I lifted a hand to my forehead and found a bandage wrapped around my head. "How bad is the cut?" It wasn't like this was the first time I'd had to have stitches. Once my mother had pushed me through a window and I had to have stitches on my upper arm. Jesse and Nik had to drive me to West Virginia and make up some bogus excuse about me having fallen. I'd had to have seven stitches then.

"You'll need at least ten stitches, if not more. It goes down from your hair line to your eyebrow. Apparently you cut your head on a rock when you fell." He shook his head. "Of course that isn't what gave you the concussion. Someone beat the hell out of you, woman. When the cops get here, you'll have to tell them everything. Including who Lucy is."

I glared at him. "I want to see my family first."

"That's not going to keep the cops from asking questions." The doctor, whose name tag said J. Prescott, glared back at me. "If this was your husband then tell me now and I can have the cops pick his ass up."

The idea of Nik putting his hands on me in violence nearly made me laugh out loud. Instead I snorted. "Nik would never touch me like that. This wasn't him, doc."

It didn't seem to reassure him, because he was still glowering at me when the door opened and Harper rushed in. She took one look at me and a cry of distress escaped her. "Damn it!"

"Where's Shane? Jesse?" I was pretty sure that we were at the same hospital Layla was at. It was the closest hospital to Malibu and I had only been a few miles from it when Grady had attacked us. "Is Lucy with him?"

Harper shook her head. "Jesse just got a phone call. I don't know the particulars but it isn't good, Em. What happened?"

"That fucker rear-ended us at a red light. Then he tried to take Lucy. I tried to get away, to run after her, but he caught me." I nodded to the doctor who, while trying to appear busy was listening to every word I said. "I woke up with dickhead flashing his light in my eyes and wanting to vomit."

Her eyes filled with tears and she carefully wrapped her arms around me. "And the baby?"

I shrugged. "I'm spotting but we don't know what it's from yet. I'm not cramping so that's a good sign." I hugged her back, then pushed her away. "Get Jesse down here. And when you're done I need your phone. I have to call Nik and let him know I'm okay."

"Shane called Nik already. He's on his way with Mia..." I cursed, already worrying that my husband and child wouldn't make it here if he was driving knowing that something was wrong with me. "...Shane made him call a cab." I sucked in a relieved breath.

I tried to call Nik, but he didn't answer. Instead of leaving a message I hung up and handed Harper the phone back. It took less than two minutes for the door to open once Harper got off the phone with Jesse. Shane entered first with Drake and Jesse right behind them. I glanced at them through one eye, as the doctor had already started prepping my wound to stitch. All three of them looked gray, but it was Jesse who I reached my hand out to. His eyes were pitch black and his big body was shaking.

"Fuck!" Shane muttered when he saw the cut on my head. He turned green and I could see he was about to lose it. Harper grabbed his hand and pulled him out of the room before he started throwing up at the sight of my blood.

"Harper said Grady called you. Tell me everything." He swallowed hard, gripped my hand tighter and told me exactly what Vince Grady had said. I felt tears burning my throat when he told me how scared Lucy had sounded, how she had told him that Grady had hurt her face, and that I had been bleeding when she last saw me. I didn't want her to have to go through any of this. Lucy was such a sweet, good girl. Nothing bad should ever touch her.

"I need your phone," I told him when he was done. He looked ever more destroyed now, with his eyes wet and his face bleak. Drake, who had been standing behind him didn't look much better, but there wasn't much I could do for them except for what I always did. Take charge and get shit done.

"I can't stitch this up with you moving around so much," Doctor Prescott grumbled as he put the second stitch in.

I slapped his hand away. "Can't you see I'm busy? This can wait a little longer. Go do some actual doctoring while I deal with this. And send the stupid cops back here while you're at it."

"Grady said no cops," Jesse protested.

I shook my head. "Jesse... We have to tell them what's going on. If we pay him off and yet he still tried to get custody..." I wanted this on Grady's record. No judge would ever give that man custody if he knew about this, and it wasn't like they would just take my word for it. "We'll get her back, Jesse. I swear."

His jaw flexed but I could see that he understood that I was right. Finally he nodded and handed over his phone. "Do what you have to do."

The bank was my first call. Two million was a lot of money, but it would in no way break the bank. The branch manager I normally dealt with decided to be an ass however, so I had to go over his head and call the bank's president. It wasn't hard to reach him at home. Nik had played golf with the man's son a few times. When I told him how much money I needed he was speechless for a moment before I assured him that if I didn't get the money I needed in the next two hours I wouldn't find it a chore to take all the Demon's Wings money that sat in his bank somewhere else.

"That won't be necessary, Mrs. Armstrong," The man rushed to assure me. "I'll meet with you personally at the bank and we can take care of that for you."

"I won't be able to do that." There was no way I was getting on my feet unless I absolutely had to. "Jesse Thorton and my husband will be there to handle it. I'm sure you will find dealing with them just as pleasant as dealing with me."

I actually heard him swallow hard before he let out a nervous laugh. He had met both Jesse and Nik and knew that neither were pleasant for the most part. "Of course. Of course. Let's say an hour from now?"

"They will be there." I hung up without a goodbye and punched in the number for Brad Horton. It took me ten minutes to tell him what was going on and what I needed him to do. No way was Grady going to just take that money and then try this shit again.

I had barely hung up with the lawyer when the door opened so suddenly and with such force that the door slammed against the wall. Stupid tears filled my eyes at the sight of Nik with Mia in his arms. He looked wild, more so than I had ever seen him. His eyes were bloodshot, filled with tears of his own. Mia clung to him, obviously scared and not knowing what was wrong with her father.

Drake stepped forward, taking Mia from him. She went willingly, wanting some space from the craziness of Nik. I bit my lip, taking all of him in when he just stood there. Those ice blue eyes looked haunted, and I couldn't help but remember the night I had found out I was pregnant with Mia. Our lives had changed so much since that night. He was shaking from head to toe and I held out my arms for him.

In the next second I was in his arms, being held tightly but gently against his chest. His hands were all over me, making sure that I really was there with him. His lips in my hair, on my cheek, then devouring my lips. "I'm never letting you out of my sight again," he choked out. "I'm was scared to death."

"I'm okay, Nik," I promised him, blinking back my tears. It wasn't until I had seen him that I had realized how much I had wanted him with me. Holding me like this because he was everything I needed in the world. In his arms I was safe, as I had always been. He had protected me from the scary, high monster that had been my mother and he would protect me from the same one that was Vince Grady. "I'm okay, now."

Chapter 21

Drake

I hated cops. I had no use for them, and really they only made things worse. Ever since my mom's death I've hated them, and that wasn't likely to change now.

A skinny little twig of a man in a cheap suit stood beside Emmie's hospital bed, asking her questions. His partner, a chubby jerk of a man with a seventies porn star mustache and an attitude watched Jesse, Nik, and me as we stood watching them. All they were doing was taking the report, nodding their heads every now and then and irritating the fuck out of Em.

Mia wrapped her arms tighter around me, eyeing the skinny cop a little warily. I kissed her forehead, bringing her attention back to me and giving her a reassuring smile. She snuggled closer. "Is Daddy okay now?" she whispered.

I glanced over at Nik, who had a death grip on Emmie's hand. He had stopped shaking for the most part, but that wildness in his eyes hadn't dimmed even a little. If I put myself in his shoes, and it was Lana lying in that bed, I was sure that I wouldn't have been anywhere close to as calm as he was now. "Yeah, Mia. Daddy is fine now. He was just worried about Momma."

"Momma has a boo-boo. Daddy hasn't kissed it yet." She looked worriedly at her mother. "It's bleeding."

When I glanced back at Emmie I saw that Mia was right and the wound on Em's head was bleeding again. I stepped forward. "Can we hurry this along? The doctor needs to get her stitched up."

Chubby raised a brow at me. "I would think you would be more concerned with finding your niece, Mr. Stevenson."

"I would think you would be just as concerned, dipshit," I growled at him, adjusting Mia in my arms so I didn't drop her. "Shouldn't you be out there looking for her right now?"

"We have our finest officers looking for her right now, sir," skinny twig assured me, obviously the more diplomatic of the two. "An Amber Alert has been issued and we have road blocks up throughout the city."

"Perfect." Emmie gave them a tight, fake smile. "Thanks for all your hard work. But I really do think the doctor should come in now. I'm not feeling very well."

Skinny closed his notebook. "Of course, ma'am. But we will have to come back in the morning for you to sign the statement. And we will be in touch as soon as Miss Thornton is found." The last was addressed to Jesse who only gave him a brisk nod.

Both cops turned to leave and I waited until the door was closed behind them before stepping closer to Em. "I want to go with Jesse and Nik to make the drop."

Emmie shook her head. "You and Shane are needed here, Drake. I need you to keep Lana calm so she can soothe Layla. I'm not able to be there to help them, so I am really counting on you."

She was right, and I didn't want to make this any harder on her. She wasn't allowed out of bed for twenty-four hours to make sure she wasn't having a miscarriage. That didn't stop the burning need in me to go with my band brothers to get Lucy back. Or the intense desire to kick the guts out of Vince Grady.

"They won't be going in unprotected," Emmie assured me. "I've called Seller. He's going to be in the background when Jesse hands the money over. As soon as they have Lucy, he's going to take the bastard down."

The door opened before I could ask another question and the doctor came in. "I really do need to get you stitched up now, Mrs. Armstrong. Then we can get you into your room and the tech can do the ultrasound."

"One more minute!" she snapped at him.

"No," he told her calmly and moved to the sink across the room to wash his hands. "Gentlemen, I'm afraid I must insist that I tend to the lady. You need to step out, all of you."

"Like fuck." Nik didn't budge, tightening his hold on Em's hand. "I'm not going anywhere."

"Mr. Armstrong..." the doctor began, but it was Emmie who got him to leave.

"It's okay, baby." She tugged him closer and he bent to kiss her lips. "Besides, you and Jesse need to get moving. Right?"

He looked torn and then Jesse put his hand on Nik's shoulder. "We have things that require our attention, man."

"Right." Nik grimaced. "I love you."

Emmie kissed him again, lingering this time. "I love you too. Be safe."

He only nodded as he followed Jesse out of the room. I took Mia to her mother so that she could kiss her. "Does your head hurt, Momma?"

"A little." Emmie smacked a kiss on Mia's cheek. "But I'll be all better in the morning, flower fairy. Now go with Uncle Drake. Help him take care of Aunt Lana and Layla for Momma, okay?"

"Okay, Momma. Daddy will kiss your boo-boo better later," she promised.

"I know, baby. Be good."

Mia wrapped her arms back around my neck, but I was reluctant to leave her alone. "Em..."

She caught my hand and gave it a squeeze. "Take care of them for me. They need you more than I do."

"This fucking sucks." I brushed a kiss over her cheek. "Here." I handed her my cell phone. "Call Lana's cell if you need anything."

When I got back to Layla's room the twins were gone, having been taken back to the nursery for the evening. Shane was sitting on the edge of the bed, holding Layla's hand, while my angel stroked her hair. Layla looked like she was in shock, her face pale, her eyes vacant. Her tears had dried, but their trails on her face still remained.

I placed Mia on her feet and crossed to hug Angel, who didn't look much better than her sister. Her free hand went around my waist and she placed her head on my chest. For the longest time no one spoke. Not even Mia who climbed into a chair by the window and just sat watching all the adults around her.

It was Harper who finally broke the tense silence when her cell phone buzzed and she muttered a curse when she saw the text she had received. "It's Rex. He says that the tabloids have gotten wind of everything. Some rookie cop blabbed his mouth, looking for some quick cash. They know the Amber Alert is for Lucy."

"Em already had Seller tighten security earlier today," Shane said, his voice quiet as he continued to hold Layla's hand. "They won't be able to get in here."

I felt Angel tremble and urged her into the chair beside Mia. She looked wasted. Her face drawn and pale. Her eyes bloodshot and puffy. "Get off your feet, Angel."

"Layla needs me," she protested.

I kissed her to quieten her. "I'll take care of her." Another quick kiss and I moved to sit on the edge of the bed.

"She's probably scared right now," Layla whispered, a sob in her voice. "I want her here with me. I want to hold her and tell her it's going to be okay."

"You'll have her by the end of the night," I promised her. "Lucy's strong. Brave. Sassy just like you and Angel. She's going to be okay, sweetheart."

"What if he hurts her?" She covered her face and her shoulders started to shake. "Oh gods, what if he hurts her?"

"Then Jesse will grind him into dust," Lana burst out. "He will kill the fucking bastard and burn the body." Beside her, Mia made a distressed tone, not used to her Aunt Lana like this. Angel sucked in a calming breath and reached for the little girl. "Sorry, baby," she whispered against Mia's hair as she kissed the top of her head. "I'm sorry."

"I don't like this night," Mia informed her aunt.

"That makes two of us, baby cakes," Harper assured her. "This night royally sucks."

I had to agree with them. It sucked balls. And all we could do was sit and wait.

Chapter 22

Lucy

So this was my real father? The man who had helped Lydia Daniels give me life.

He was kind of ugly-looking and I was suddenly very glad I looked more like the woman who had brought me into the world than this disgusting man. I don't call her my mom. I had never really called that woman Mom. From the time I could remember it had been Lana who had taken care of me until Lydia had died and we had moved in with Layla. It was then that I really understood what a mom was like. Layla was everything a kid could want in a mom. And this man? He was everything nightmares were made of. His teeth were yellow, his eyes all glassy-looking. He was kind of skinny, boney really. Tattoos up his arms that didn't make much sense to me. His hair was messy and smelled nasty, like he hadn't had a shower in a while.

Vince Grady was mean too. Real mean. He had hurt Emmie. Made her bleed and then just left her on the side of the road. When I had run, making him chase me, he hadn't liked that very much. As punishment he had hit me five times in the face. Now my face felt swollen and hurt so bad I couldn't help but cry. I had the lingering taste of blood on my tongue where he had split my lip from his first slap.

Now he was pacing back and forth, kind of like Shane did sometimes when he was worried. Only Vince was talking to himself, and scratching at his arms. I noticed he had a few sores on his arms and every now and then would scratch a scab off of one of them, causing blood to drip down his arm. Yuck.

There were noises coming from the room next door that were scaring me, and I kept hearing sirens in the distance. This wasn't a good part of town. He hadn't bothered to cover my eyes as he drove me through the city with my hands tied and my legs taped together so I couldn't run away again. So I knew that this part of the city was what some of the older kids in my school would call ghetto.

I wasn't sure how long we had been in this smelly old motel room, but my legs had fallen asleep a while ago and I had to use the bathroom really bad. I was scared to tell him that though. Scared he would have to watch while I peed. I didn't want him to see me like that.

From my back pocket my cellphone vibrated and not for the first time. Vince, seemingly lost in his own world as he continued to pace and mutter and scratch his bleeding arms, didn't notice the slight noise though. I knew it had to be Harris and shut my eyes as I said a little prayer that I would get to see my best friend again. He was probably mad at me right now. I had promised to go trick-or-treating with him tonight and he no doubt thought I had bailed on him. Part of me wished he were here with me now. He was braver than I was, and he wouldn't let this man do anything to hurt me. Another part, a bigger part, was glad he was home with his dad. Safe from the monster I shared DNA with.

The vibrating stopped and I closed my eyes. I was tired and my face was hurting so bad. I wanted to go home, wanted to see Layla and the twins... Wanted my dad to hold me and keep me safe.

Tears that had nothing to do with the pain I was in leaked from the corner of my eyes. Vince Grady might be my real father, but Jesse Thorton was my dad. Completely. Totally. A million percent. He loved me. Would never hurt me like this gross, evil man had hurt me. I prayed that I would get to see him again. Get to hug him and tell him how much I loved him...

I must have dozed off because the next thing I knew Vince was shaking me. I opened my eyes or at least tried to. My left eye was completely swollen shut now from where he had hit me earlier and my right one felt heavy and achy. "Time to go."

His breath so close to my face made me gag and I tried to turn my head to get away from the stench before I vomited all over him. Eww. How could someone smell that bad? Like week-old trash that had been sitting in the sun. It smelled sour and dirty and vile.

Vince lifted me and tossed me over his shoulder roughly, hurting my stomach with his boney shoulder. I hoped he didn't drop me, because he didn't look strong like my dad or Drake, Shane, and Nik. I was sure even Axton was stronger than this guy. He carried me like a sack of potatoes out of the room and I noticed that it was dark outside. It had still been daylight when he had brought me here. I wondered what time it was and where he was taking me.

I'd heard his part of the conversation when he had talked to Dad on the phone earlier. He was going to exchange me for a lot of money tonight. Money that my dad would pay because he loved me. I just hoped Dad didn't get hurt.

When we got to the old beat up truck that Vince had used to hit Emmie's SUV with, he tossed me in the back instead of placing me in the front seat like he had before. My elbow hit something metal and I whimpered in pain. He jumped in and started the truck. It backfired twice, making me jump and whimper again, but then he was backing up and the wheels were squealing as he pulled into traffic.

He didn't drive far before he stopped and just sat parked for a while. It was dark out here. No lights from buildings. No stars or even a moon. It was so dark that at first I thought I was going blind or that my right eye had swollen shut too...

The sudden lights of an oncoming vehicle reassured me that I could still see out of my right eye. Vince got out of his truck and must have left the door open because I didn't hear it shut. After only a moment I heard two doors open and my heart stopped.

Was it my dad here to get me? Or was it someone else?

When I heard a deep, angry voice I breathed a sigh of relief. "Daddy," I whispered, then strained to hear what he was saying.

"Where is she?" he demanded and it sounded like an animal growling.

"Back of the truck. You got my money?" Vince sounded anxious. I wondered if he had lost some of his scariness in the face of the big beast that was my dad. Not many people, scary or not, could see my dad and not be intimidated.

"Right here, Grady. As soon as you give me my girl and sign these papers you can have the money," Dad told him, still sounding all growly.

"Papers? I don't remember agreeing to sign no papers."

"Right here... Sign them and take your money." It was a different voice this time. Nik! I wanted to cry out, ask him if Emmie was okay but I was too scared to speak. What if Vince heard me and changed his mind? I wasn't going to do anything to stop my dad taking me away from this monster.

There was a pause and then Vince started screaming curses at Dad and Nik. "Fine!" he shouted.

"Now give me Lucy," Dad commanded.

"In the truck," Vince told him, but he must have had his money because he sounded calm again.

"Lucy!" His voice was closer and I finally let a sob escape me.

"Daddy!" I tried to roll over, but couldn't move. "Daddy!"

"Lucy... Gods." The tailgate opened and then he was lifting me into his arms. His hands skimmed over me from head to toe, checking me over. He couldn't see my face clearly with just the lights from the vehicle as his only light source. I tried not to whimper when he touched my hurting face, but it was agonizing to have his big rough hands touch my eye and cheek.

"Oh, baby. Daddy's here." He kissed the top of my head and carried me toward the vehicle he had gotten out of. The closer he got to the vehicle the more light he had and when he glanced down at me, seeing my swollen bloody face, I felt a change in him.

"Fuck..." he breathed, his eyes black as the night around us. "Nik..." He was shaking and there was an expression on his face that would have terrified me if I didn't know how much he loved me.

I felt another pair of hands on my still-tied arms. "Let me have her, bro." Nik lifted me into his arms and carried me to what I realized was Layla's Tahoe. He didn't say a word as he placed me on the second row of seats and used a knife to untie my hands before cutting through the duct tape around my ankles.

"Motherfucker!" I heard Dad roar followed by the sound of groaning. I closed my eyes, knowing that Jesse Thorton was ripping Vince Grady apart.

The sounds of flesh hitting flesh, groans and curses, filled my ears and I covered them with my now free hands. I had never been scared of the dark before, but it suddenly felt like it was closing in on me. I couldn't breathe, couldn't think.

"Deep breaths, Lucy." Nik's big hand rubbed circles on my back. "It's okay, baby cakes. You're okay."

"Make it stop," I pleaded. "Please, Nik. Please make it stop."

His blue eyes were cloudy in the dim lighting of the overhead light in the Tahoe. I knew in that minute he didn't want to stop my dad from beating the man to death. Part of me didn't either, and that just made me sick to my stomach. "Put your seatbelt on, sweetheart." He leaned forward and kissed my right temple, being careful not to touch any part of my face that was throbbing. A hard task since my entire face was one big ache.

Nik stepped back and shut the door of the Tahoe. I didn't move, but kept my eyes on Nik as he walked toward the front of the SUV and pulled Dad away from Vince. Dad said something that I couldn't hear because it was practically sound proof in here. Nik didn't seem scared of Dad like this and pointed toward me as he said something back. Before my eyes I saw another change in my dad. His shoulders seemed to droop and his head bowed.

Dad stood like that for a minute then nodded. He didn't look back as he walked toward me. Nik just stood there for a long moment. His back to me, but his shoulders told me that he was in a bad place. It took a lot to get him as mad as he was right then. He was the calm one most of the time. The one I expected to have his cool in any situation.

The back door to the Tahoe opened just as Nik lifted his foot and stomped. I heard something crunch and Nik stomped his foot again and again. I nearly gagged at the sound that came from Vince. It was full of pain and something else that I recognized only because I had been feeling it for hours. Fear.

Then, as if he hadn't just left a man broken and bloody, Nik turned around and got in behind the wheel while Dad climbed in beside me. No sooner was the door shut behind me was I climbing in his lap, and my tears just wouldn't stop.

From the front seat I heard Nik talking to someone. "We have her... Can you meet us in the ER? She's going to need a doctor... I know, man. I know. Just... Layla can't fucking get out of bed! You don't let her... Shit! Okay. Okay. I'll see you in about twenty minutes." He didn't say another word as he drove through the dark night.

Dad seemed scared to touch me too much. Afraid to hurt me. He just kept me on his lap, kissing the top of my head every few minutes, letting me cry it all out. I wasn't sure if I would ever be able to cry this all out. My body would probably shrivel up from lack of water before I stopped crying.

That morning I had been so happy. Layla and my brothers were doing okay. I was actually going to get to see and hold the babies before I got to hang out with my best friend that night. Now... I didn't feel happy. I didn't feel much of anything except this need to hold onto my dad. I was still scared, even if he was the one who made me feel safe. I was still sick to my stomach, the memory of Vince's smell alone making me gag. I wanted this to just be a dream, to wake up any minute with just a fading memory of this horrible night. But the pain in my face told me that it wasn't.

Nik had to pull over twice so I could be sick. He just stopped in the middle of the street and Dad helped me out so I could throw up. People honked and cursed at us, but I barely heard. Vomiting only made my pain twice as bad. By the time we got to the hospital, I was dizzy and still nauseated.

Shane was standing by the entrance to the hospital with two hulking-looking men in suits. From the corner of my good eye I could see vans and cameras flashing across the parking lot. The press, again. I hated the press. All they did was take pictures of me and my family and all we wanted was peace. Before the door opened, Dad pulled a blanket out and covered me from head to toe. He didn't want the photographers to get a picture of me like this, and really neither did I.

I felt Dad get out of the Tahoe with me still tucked close to his body, then he was walking so fast he was practically running. I heard Shane whispering something, my dad curse, and then there was a whole group of voices I didn't recognize. Someone told Dad to put me down so they could examine me. He barked at them to get out of his way.

"Move or I will move you," he told the woman who had told him to put me down.

"Sir, we must tend to the child," a male voice spoke up and I struggled to uncover my head so I could see who was speaking.

I wiggled, needing down. "Daddy, I have to use the bathroom."

I was instantly placed on my feet and the blanket was pulled off of me, a chorus of gasps greeting me as they saw my face for the first time. "Are you going to be sick again?"

I just shook my head and was relieved to find a sign for a bathroom just down the corridor from where we were standing. I had to pee so badly, it was a wonder I hadn't already gone in my tights. I locked the door behind me and ran to the toilet, already pulling my old dress up, not caring if I tore it or not. It had been stupid to go as a zombie version of Jane Austen anyway.

When I was done, an entire minute later, I flushed and moved to the sink to wash my hands. That was when I finally got a look at my face. I froze at the sight staring back at me. I had cried off most of the green and black makeup that I had used for my costume but I still looked like something that would roam the streets on Halloween. My left eye was a rainbow of colors: black, blue, purple and all kinds of shades in between. It was swollen shut, making my face look almost deformed. My top and bottom lips were split, and even though it looked like it had started to scab it was still bleeding just a little. There was a bruise in the shape of a hand print on both cheeks. When I touched my fingertips to them, I winced as it caused the throbbing to start all over again.

"Lucy?" I heard my dad's voice on the other side of the door. "You okay?"

"Be right there," I called back before washing my hands and grabbing a few paper towels to dry them.

Opening the door I found Dad, Shane, and Nik standing there while a man in a doctor's coat and two nurses stood behind them. "I just want to go home," I told Dad.

He grimaced. "I know, baby. But you need X-rays at the least." He reached for my hand and gave it a reassuring squeeze. "Don't worry. I'm not going anywhere, okay? I'll be right here with you the whole time."

Chapter 23

Layla

If I had to wait one minute longer I was going to climb the fucking walls.

It was after midnight and I knew that Jesse was downstairs with Lucy by now. Shane had rushed out the door about ten minutes ago, keeping me from asking more questions. If he thought that was going to stop me from asking questions or seeing my baby he was out of his mind. I'd already told the perky little nurse that I needed a wheelchair. I wasn't supposed to be on my feet yet, but that didn't mean it was going to stop me from getting downstairs to my child.

Drake stood by the door, obviously standing guard. He didn't want me to get out of bed but if he even dared to stop me I would make sure that he and Lana only had one child. I might be sore from the C-section but that wouldn't keep me from kneeing him in the balls.

Lana was already helping me put my shoes on-a pair of slippers that I'd packed in my suitcase weeks ago. I'd started packing the second I'd hit the six-month mark, wanting to make sure that we were ready for anything. Harper held my robe, waiting for the nurse to get back so that they could help me up and she could slip it on me. Neither woman had tried to talk me out of going downstairs. They understood my consuming need to get to Lucy.

The door opened, knocking Drake in the back of the head and ass. He stepped forward, rubbing at the spot on his skull as the nurse wheeled in the chair. "Here we go, Mrs. Thorton." Her smile was gone, had been since I had told her that my daughter was downstairs and needed me. I might not like the nurse very much, but she hadn't protested when I told her I wanted to go downstairs to be with Lucy.

Drake cursed under his breath as the nurse and Harper assisted me into the chair. I won't lie, it made me hurt like hell, but I sucked it up as I settled into the wheelchair and covered my lap with a folded blanket. "This isn't smart."

"Get the fuck out of the way, Drake," Lana snapped. "You're wasting time here."

"Angel..." When she just stood beside me glaring at him, he sighed and opened the door for us. Harper pushed me through and toward the elevators. "Jesse doesn't want to upset you, Layla. You should get back in bed and wait for him to bring Lucy up."

"I'm not waiting another minute. Even if she doesn't need me, I need to see her." To make sure she was okay, that she really was with Jesse and not still trapped in the nightmare this night had turned out to be.

The elevator opened and Harper pushed me inside while Lana and Drake stepped in behind us. It took three minutes to get downstairs and to the ER. We didn't stop to ask anyone where Lucy was. There was no reason to. The two huge men standing outside of a private exam room was like a neon sign telling us exactly where she was.

Recognizing us, the guard on the right opened the door and Harper pushed me into the room. It was crowded inside and I didn't see Lucy right away. Shane and Nik were standing on either end of the bed while two nurses rushed around the room doing who knew what. A doctor was standing beside Jesse whose face was a dark storm cloud of emotions while he listened to whatever the doctor was saying, but his eyes were solely on Lucy who was lying on the bed.

"I can't determine if her cheek is broken until we get the X-rays back but her lip is going to need a stitch or two," the doctor was saying. "But what concerns me the most is the swelling around the eye. I think we should do an MRI to make sure everything is okay."

I gasped at what the doctor was saying, making Jesse's head snap around. His eyes darkened even more when he saw me but I could tell it was with concern and not anger. He took three big steps and then he was crouching in front of me. "She's going to be okay... Just don't upset her when you see her."

I blinked back my tears and nodded. When he straightened and stepped aside my eyes went straight to the bed to find Lucy looking at me. My hands covered my mouth as I tried to stifle the cry of distress that escaped me. Her face was one big bruise. Eye, lip, cheeks. She didn't even look like Lucy right then.

Trembling, I reached for Jesse's hand and pulled him down to me again. When my gaze met his, my eyes were wet but hard. "Did you kill that fucker?" I whispered.

A small smile lifted one corner of his lips. "As good as."

"Good."

"Mom..." At that one word I pushed Jesse aside and Harper wheeled me over to the bed before I actually got up to get to her. Lucy rarely called me Mom. It slipped out every now and then and I was okay with that. I was her sister just as much as her adoptive mother. I wasn't going to pressure her to do something that didn't feel natural for her. But when she did call me Mom it melted something inside of me.

As soon as I could reach her I caught her hand and brought it to my lips. "Oh, baby. My sweet baby. How are you feeling?"

Her right eye, the only one that could open, blinked a few times. "Is this what it feels like to be high? I don't think I like it. What I can see of the world is spinning and it's making me sick."

I frowned and glanced at the doctor who grinned and shook his head. "Just a little morphine to help with the pain, Mrs. Thorton. She was feeling pretty bad. We can give her something for the nausea."

"Then do it," I told him before turning my full attention back on Lucy. Her hair was a mess and there was Halloween makeup smeared in patches on her face. "I'm so happy to see you, baby."

"Is Aunt Emmie okay?" Lucy glanced around, stopping when she landed on Nik. "Is she going to be okay?"

"She's fine, Lucy. She's upstairs in her own room and you can see her in the morning if you want to," Nik assured her with a tender smile. "Mia's sleeping in bed with her right now."

"It's my fault she got hurt," Lucy whispered. "She told me to run and I didn't. I couldn't run away and leave her there..."

"Oh, sweetheart." I shook my head, not wanting her to blame herself for something she couldn't have controlled. "This is not your fault, and Emmie would do anything to protect you. She loves you as much as I do. Don't blame yourself for any of this."

"But..."

"Mom's right, Lu," Jesse told her as he stepped beside me and leaned forward to kiss the top of Lucy's head. "Now close your eyes and rest. It's been a long night and you're exhausted."

Whether it was the medicine or if she really was completely exhausted, Lucy didn't try to protest and closed her eye. Moments later her breathing evened out and she was asleep.

Nik

I left the ER after the doctor had come back to tell us that Lucy was okay. No broken bones in her face. The bruising would keep her a symphony of colors the next few weeks and she had to have a stitch in her top lip and one in her bottom. Other than that she was fine and good to go home. Layla made Jesse take her home so Shane and Harper drove them while Lana and Drake helped Layla back up to her room.

Now, as I stood outside of Emmie's private room on the same floor as Layla, I paused. I couldn't go in there just yet. Not with Mia sleeping with her mother and me still shaking with the rage that lingered even after I had smashed Vince Grady's face into an unrecognizable mess. My soul hadn't been satisfied with the bloody pile Jesse had left the man. I needed to add to the damage to avenge my woman. I wanted to rewind and do it all over again. Stomp my boot into his face, his chest, his groin. Cracking, breaking, shattering bone.

"Are you okay, Mr. Armstrong?"

My head snapped up to find the two guards standing on either side of the hospital room door staring at me with concern. I'd been so lost in thought that I hadn't even noticed them, which was nearly impossible with the size of the two guards. Shaking my head to clear it of the images that were still flashing through my head, I shrugged. "It's been a long night, man."

The guard who had spoken to me nodded. The entire staff knew most of what had happened tonight. Extra security had been added to the maternity floor once Emmie had been placed in her room. "Understandable, sir. You should go on in. The nurse was just in and said that the ultrasound will be done in just a few minutes."

That had me pushing everything else to the back of my mind, unimportant in the face of seeing the child I had created with Emmie soon. I opened the door and took two steps inside only to stop at the sight before me.

Emmie, her eyes closed with her hair spread over a pillow that was as flat as the bed she was in. Mia was sound asleep, snoring as she lay across her mother in a position only my daughter could perfect: her little behind in the air, her head buried in her mother's chest, one arm around Emmie's neck, the other clutching the blanket that was pulled up around her.

The sight of Emmie's face made my stomach churn. She was black and blue and purple. The gash on her head was bandaged but I could still remember how bad that wound had been, how it had started to bleed at the drop of a hat every time she so much as moved the wrong way. Seeing her like this made me want to find Grady and finish the job. That fucker didn't deserve to live. Didn't deserve to breathe when he had been the reason my wife was hurt and lying in a hospital bed with the fear of a miscarriage hanging over both our heads.

Sensing me, Emmie's eyes lifted. When she spotted me by the door she lifted her free hand, silently asking me to go to her. I crossed the space that divided us in less than a second and caught hold of her hand. Bending, I kissed her palm. "How are you feeling?" I asked as quietly as possible. "Are you hurting?"

"Stop worrying," she murmured with a smile. "I'm fine. The baby is fine. They listened for the heartbeat just a little while ago and it was strong. The tech will be here soon so we can make sure everything is fine... How's Lucy?"

"Nothing broken. Two stitches. Her eye is the worst, though. It's going to be swollen shut for a few days at least." I carefully sat on the edge of the bed, keeping hold of her hand. "Jesse took her home."

"A good night's sleep will help everyone." She yawned and I suddenly felt bone tired. There was no way I was going home tonight, though. I'd camp out in one of the chairs beside the bed and Mia could sleep with Em. I would climb the walls at home all night long. "You were right..."

I blinked, because I was sure that I had heard her wrong. No way had she just said I was right. Right? "Of course I was... What was I right about, again?"

A soft snort escaped her. "About the assistants thing. But I don't want Natalie to find them for me. I'll find them myself. I was thinking about turning the guest house into my office. It's about the right size for a few more employees. That way we won't have so many people in the house around the kids. And... I want to hire a nanny. Someone with an Early Education background. I know we've already discussed that, but I wasn't really one hundred percent on board until now."

I grinned, because I had known all of that. She had agreed too quickly when I had told her that was what I wanted her to do. I was just glad that she had finally seen things clearly. Emmie was on the same scale as Wonder Woman, she was so kick-ass. But even Wonder Woman couldn't save the entire world on her own. She needed Superman and Batman every now and then. "I'm glad. You have to eat and sleep sometime, baby girl. With the added help for work and the kids you'll be able to do more, go further with all of this."

When we had fired Rich Branson as our manager, turning everything over to Emmie-something that she was doing anyway-I hadn't really thought of all the extra hard work she would have to do. She never complained, always seemed on top of everything. And even now she still was with OtherWorld added to the mix. But with talks of her adding a few other bands that we knew-bands that would kill to have Emmie representing them in any shape or form because of how great she was with us-I knew she was going to be over-extending herself. No person could handle all of that with just one assistant who lived on the other side of the country.

It took the tech another ten minutes before he showed up. I carefully lifted Mia into my arms so that the guy could do his job. He put the little wand inside of Emmie and moments later the room was filled with the sound of our child's heartbeat. My arms tightened around Mia, remembering the first time I had heard her heart beat and seen her on a screen just like I was watching right now.

The tech started asking Emmie questions and punching in some numbers as he took measurements. "Okay, Mrs. Armstrong," the short man said after a few more minutes while I just kept staring in awe at the screen on the ultrasound machine. "Looks like you are just a little over eight weeks pregnant. From all the measurements your due date will be June eighteenth." He smiled as he pulled a few pictures free from the machine and handed them over. "Congratulations on the addition to your family."

I forced my gaze from the screen that was now blank and looked down at Emmie. Her eyes were bright, but she hadn't let her tears spill over yet. "So, he's okay? Everything is okay?"

He nodded. "Looking good. Your fall earlier hasn't affected the baby in any way." Standing, the man nodded at me and I gave him a tight smile before he pushed the machine out the door. "Good night."

The door closed behind the tech and I laid Mia down in a more comfortable position beside Emmie before doing what I had been aching to do from the moment we had heard the baby's heartbeat. I kissed her, devouring her lips as she clung to me. Tonight had been hell, absolute fucking hell. But the ending-getting Lucy back, finding out that our child was still safely growing deep inside of Em-all of that was the ending I had prayed for.

Chapter 24

Lana

The phone was ringing and I was too tired to care. The cordless was sitting on the nightstand beside the bed, but I had no energy to roll over and answer it. The last few weeks had caught up with me at last and I had been walking around like a zombie from the moment we had landed in New York three days ago.

Drake and I had stayed in California for another two weeks before finally flying home and only then because I was told I wouldn't be able to fly if I waited much longer. My doctor had said I wasn't going to be able to fly at all in the last six weeks of my pregnancy. So I had to leave then or wait until the baby was born, because there was no way I was driving from California to New York when I had to pee every twenty minutes. It would take me two weeks to get home at that rate.

At least Layla was home now, so I didn't have to worry about her as much. Lucy's face was starting to look better as well. Her left eye had lost all the swelling but was still a vibrant black and blue mixture. Jesse had told me that she was having nightmares though and most nights he crawled into bed with her so that both of them could actually get some sleep. It was the twins that I hadn't wanted to leave. My nephews were still in the hospital. Their sleep apnea alarm was still going off at night and they wouldn't be released unless they had three consecutive nights without it going off. The doctor had assured Layla that because of their early births, the twins were unlikely to come home until closer to their original due date.

I had hated leaving Layla when she was so devastated over not getting to take her babies home. She had been an emotional wreck the last couple of weeks. Her OB/GYN was concerned with all the crying she did, her only sign of postpartum. Considering everything she had been put through emotionally since Shane's wedding, I thought she was handling everything really well though. Sure she got a bit hysterical the first day Lucy went back to school, that was normal in my book. Of course Emmie had helped out with that by putting a guard on Lucy much the same way she had for Harper. Now everyone was able to breathe a little easier when Lucy was out of sight.

The phone stopped ringing and I breathed a sigh of relief as I relaxed against the pillows once more. Drake was at work and I was supposed to meet him in the city for dinner later. That was hours away though and I just wanted to sleep...

When the phone started ringing almost immediately after it stopped I pulled the pillow close and screamed into it even as I reached blindly for the cordless. Without glancing at the caller ID I put it to my ear. "Yeah?"

"I actually have a day off!" Dallas informed me with a laugh. "I can breathe. I can breathe. Want to do lunch?"

I raised my head enough to see the clock on Drake's bedside table. It was ten after ten. I sighed, feeling sleep slip away from me. I hadn't seen Dallas since the wedding and I really missed her. We hadn't really hung out in forever and I missed the bitch. "Sounds like fun. I'm craving Greek anyway. I'll meet you."

"I'm not a fan of Greek, but since it's for the little demon princess growin' inside of you, I'll force it down."

"Aww." I sat up in bed. "So it's only for your niece and not me? I feel so loved..." Dallas snorted and I grinned. "I'll see you in about an hour. Don't keep me waiting, woman."

"Hurry up, ho. I'm hungry."

I took my time getting ready. I was really feeling the jet lag and the baby was punching me from all angles. By the time I walked out the door of the house we had bought just a few months ago, the town car that Drake made me use whenever I went into the city without him was already waiting. During the twenty minute ride I caught up on my text messages. There were several from Shane, Harper, Emmie, and Layla. Two from Lucy that I immediately answered back.

There was a text from a number I didn't recognize so I didn't even open it right away. Probably some random wrong number. It wouldn't be the first time. For privacy's sake we all had unlisted numbers so that crazy fans wouldn't be able to terrorize us. Of course that hadn't stopped at least two female fans from getting Harper's number and sending her threatening texts.

A few blocks from the restaurant where I was meeting Dallas, my phone buzzed with yet another text. A goofy smile lifted my lips when I saw it was from Drake. The smile turned to a frown, then a glare when I saw that it was him canceling our dinner date for this evening. There was a meeting.

Part of me wondered if it was yet another fake meeting set up by Bethany. That bitch was trying her damnedest to get Drake's attention. The rational part of me knew that Drake wouldn't ever do anything like that. The irrational part-the part that seemed to grow bigger and bigger with each passing day-couldn't help but wonder if he was tempted. I was getting huge, and Bethany was decently hot.

Instead of answering Drake's text-because I was suddenly in raging bitch mode-I turned my phone to silent and tossed it into my purse. When the car stopped I didn't wait for the driver to open the door for me. Instead I stepped out and slammed the door behind me. Then I just stood there, my nostrils flaring and my hands fisted at my side.

Damn it! Now I was acting like a stupid, petulant little girl. Mia acted more mature than I was at that moment. Angry, frustrated tears burned my eyes and I closed them to keep the damn things from falling. Slowly I sucked in a deep breath and counted to ten.

"Are you havin' contractions?"

My eyes popped open to find Dallas standing a few feet away. She was wearing a pair of pink sweats with a matching top and jacket. Her hair was in a messy knot on top of her head and the left pant leg was rolled up to her knee, showing off the tattoos on her calf of a Cinderella all inked up. I knew for a fact that Ariel was on her right calf just as bad girl tatted. Focusing on the tattoo I started to gain control over my emotions. Leave it to Dallas to be girly enough to want a Disney princess tattoo-and to punk it up.

"Lana? Are you okay?" Dallas stepped in front of me and I lifted my eyes from her leg to her face. The piercing in her nose and above her lip glittered in the November sunlight, her blue eyes full of concern.

I gave her a grim smile. "Just being stupid. My tolerance has been little to nonexistent lately. I'm crazy jealous of dumb bitches."

The concern didn't leave her face but a smile lifted her lips. "You're an idiot. Let the hos look and drool all they want. Drake would never do something like that to you. The man is your slave. Relax. Stop stressing yourself out. You're only going to make that baby mad at you."

"You're right." I sighed, she really was. Drake loved me more than anything or anyone. I knew that all I had to do was say I hated him working for America's Rocker, and he would quit. He would move mountains for me if I asked him to. Stupid pregnancy hormones screwing with my head! "Let's go eat. Maybe my blood sugar is low and that's why I'm so grumpy."

It was the lunch hour and my favorite little Greek place was packed. It didn't bother me that we had to wait ten minutes. While we sat by the entrance, the owner came out and gave us glasses of ice water and bread to snack on. She knew how much I adored her restaurant and knew me by name because I had eaten here so many times.

When we were seated I was in a better state of mind and even fished my cell out to text Drake back. I told him that I was just going to order a pizza for dinner and we could have our date another time. He didn't text me back so I assumed he was busy doing whatever it was that he, Axton, and my father had to do the day before a live episode of America's Rocker. Rehearsing? Going over itineraries? Discussing what they were going to wear? If that was the case then Drake was probably bored out of his mind. No doubt he was just sitting around sketching, ignoring everyone around him for the most part.

I forced my thoughts away from Drake and his work and focused on Dallas. She looked tired but content. I knew she loved her job, even if it was more hectic than she would have liked. Working in one of the world's busiest city's biggest hospitals was hard work. The ER department where she was currently working to fill in for someone on maternity leave kept Dallas on her toes and nearly dragging with exhaustion by the time she got home every night.

"What have you been up to in your free time?" I asked, feeling like a horrible friend for not knowing what was going on in her life at the moment. We had texted several times over the last few weeks, but it had been mostly me doing all the talking. Dallas hadn't mentioned one thing that was going on with her.

Dallas winced and picked up her water glass with slices of lemon and lime floating around in it. "Just working, mostly. I've been filling in for a few other people who've had the flu. Today's the first real day I've had off since I got back from Harper's wedding."

"I thought you had Sundays guaranteed off?" She had stipulated that when she had signed her work contract with the hospital for the few months she was filling in. Sundays were her down days, always had been for as long as I had known her. She didn't do anything on Sundays unless it was life or death, sometimes not even then.

"I've been busy on Sundays too." When she didn't elaborate and wouldn't meet my gaze I couldn't help but be curious.

"Doing what?"

"Visiting a friend..." she trailed off as the waiter put our lunch in front of us, but I pushed the plate away. When the guy was gone I just sat there staring her down. At first she ignored me, pretending to eat her lamb. But I was just as stubborn as she was, more so. Finally with a muttered curse she told me what she had been doing. "I go visit Liam Bryant on Sundays. They are the only days that family and friends can see the patients in the rehab he's in. No one else goes to visit him and I don't want him to feel like no one cares..."

Out of all the possible excuses she could have given me, that one had been light years away from what I had been expecting. My biggest guess was that she had been sneaking around with Axton Cage and Sundays were their crazy sex days. Really all the possible answers I'd come up with had involved Axton. Liam hadn't even entered my mind.

I had heard that Liam was in rehab again. Devlin had told Natalie so that Emmie would know that Liam was getting help for his addiction-again. There was no way Emmie would let Liam go on tour with OtherWorld if he was high. She had stopped being tolerant of addicts when Drake had straightened his shit up. That was all I had known, though. Wasn't even sure what rehab Liam was in this time.

"So you and Liam..?" It was a question that needed answering. He wasn't Dallas's type at all. She needed a man with a stronger personality than Liam currently had. I thought the guy was an asshole, the worst out of OtherWorld and any other band I had come across during the time I had been with Drake.

Dallas glared at me. "No. No, of course not. We're just friends. I think of him as I would Linc. I helped him get into the rehab he's in, and it was actually his decision this time. He's doing pretty well now that the detox stage has passed. He just needs someone to show him he isn't alone. Everyone he loves has turned their back on him, even his sister won't come visit him."

"He's given them reasons to do that, Dallas. He's treated his entire family like pure shit. Marissa blames herself for his addiction because he really started going hardcore when she was sick all those years ago. And maybe it was one of the reasons, because from what I heard it got pretty intense at the time and she nearly died." No one liked to talk about that time, especially anyone in OtherWorld who cherished Marissa almost as much as Demon's Wings did Emmie. "And his bandmates? He's screwed them over a hundred different ways. Costing them personal and professional relationships along the way."

"I'm not excusing his past, Lana." Dallas pushed her food away, giving up on pretending to eat. "But he needs someone right now and I've promised him I will help him all that I can. Right now he's just happy that I remember to come see him for an hour or two every Sunday."

My hunger getting the better of me, I finally picked up my fork and took a bite of the feta-heavy salad. "I know how Harper feels about the whole Axton issue so I haven't mentioned him, but I'm dying of curiosity." I glanced at her through my lashes to watch for her reaction to the rock god's name. Dallas's face was set in stone and I was worried she was going to chip a tooth the way her jaw was locked so hard. "So that was just a weekend thing? Or have you talked to him since the wedding?"

"That was less than a weekend thing." Her tone was as cool as her blue eyes had gotten. "It was a crazy stupid mistake. One that I don't plan on making ever again. I thought that he wanted to get back together... And as soon as she called, he went running back."

I didn't need to ask who 'she' was. I knew Dallas meant Gabriella Moreitti. Every female in my family hated her and I honestly couldn't say that I was the exception to the rule. I had more reason than most to dislike the woman. Finding her in Drake's bed in the middle of the night had not endeared her to me in the least. Axton picking her over Dallas only made him an idiot in my book. Who would want that little Italian when they could have the blonde goddess sitting in front of me?

"I never should have gotten involved with him in the first place. It was supposed to just be sex in the beginning." She pushed a few stray strands of hair out of her face. "Instead I had to go and fall for a man who had someone else's name tattooed on his skin. I'm as stupid as my mother says I am."

I tossed my fork into the salad dish and grabbed my friend's hand with both of mine. "Don't ever say that again!" I hated Dallas's mother just as much as Dallas did. And as hard as Dallas had tried over the years to not let her mother get to her, to not let her berating and degrading comments get to her, they still had on some deep dark level. The woman had used Dallas's looks to get recognition for herself. The mother of Miss Texas. The mother of the most sought after face for clothing lines and cosmetics. That was all Dallas was good for-or so her mother had said repeatedly all of Dallas's life. She wasn't smart enough to do this or attempt that, just stand there and be pretty.

"You are the smartest, hardest-working person I know. You got into the country's top rated nursing school and passed at the top of your class. You work at one of the biggest hospitals where they only take the best of the best in your field. Dallas, don't let one stupid jerk do this to you. He isn't worth it."

She didn't say anything for a long moment, but she let me hold her hand for a while. Then she pulled free and started picking at her food again. "So, Harper and Shane finally left for Mexico last week." Her smile didn't reach her eyes but I let her change the subject. "I haven't heard a word from her."

Emmie had urged Shane and Harper to finally go on their honeymoon. With the threat of losing custody of Lucy to Vince Grady no longer an issue and the twins doing so well they could finally go and enjoy themselves. They had left last Saturday and were expected to be home in a few days and no one had heard from them except Emmie who had gotten a few texts from Shane. I hadn't expected to hear from them. Those two were probably destroying beds left and right the way they went at it. And the way Harper had gotten into the whole public sex thing... Yeah, I was surprised that they hadn't shown up in any tabloids. Yet.

"Don't expect any pictures of beautiful Mexico," I said and laughed. "Actually don't expect any pictures unless you want to see them going at it like rabbits."

Dallas snorted and her smile was more genuine this time. "I'm pretty sure they have a few sex tapes floating around the house in Santa Monica. I tried looking for them when I was out there but they keep their room locked up. Makes me wonder if they have a whole Fifty Shades thing going on in there."

Of course I had to be taking a sip of my water when she said that. It nearly came out of my nose. Struggling between coughing and laughing I reached for my napkin just as my phone started buzzing with an incoming text. Seeing it was from my dad I hesitated for just a second before picking it up to respond.

Cole Steel and I had gotten considerably closer since he had found out he was my father. No one outside of my circle of friends and family knew who he was to me, and I still wasn't sure if I ever wanted that to change. Maybe it was selfish of me but I didn't want to be known as Cole Steel's daughter. I really didn't want my half-brother to know about me either. The guy was a serious douchebag, something I knew first hand since I had met him twice. Once at a movie premiere last year and then at a charity event I had represented Emmie at a few months ago here in New York.

"Is it Drake?" Dallas asked as she stuck her fork into an olive on my plate.

"Nope. My dad." She whistled and I shrugged. "He just wants to know if I will sit with his new girlfriend tomorrow night at the show." Cole had told me he was seeing someone, but I hadn't a clue who she was. Probably some model or actress that liked old men, although Cole really wasn't that bad-looking for his age. It just seemed really gross to me when he dated women who were only a few years older than I was. "It must be getting serious if he's bringing her to the show."

"I still can't get my head around the fact that he's your dad. When I think of fathers all I can picture is someone like my daddy. You know, middle-aged and with a little potbelly. Not long hair, lean, and sexy..." I gagged and she laughed. "Come on, Lana. He's still got it. Old man or not, Cole Steel is fuckin' hot."

"I'll take your word for it."

Twenty minutes later when we parted ways, I got back into the town car and told the driver to take me to the studio. More than likely I wasn't going to see Drake until late tonight and that just wasn't acceptable to me. I was addicted to my husband and needed a kiss to get me through the rest of the day without him.

The guard at the front of the building waved the driver through as soon as he saw me sitting in the back seat. He gave me a smile and I waved at the older man as we passed him. Everyone who worked here knew who I was and not to keep me away from Drake for any reason. Not only would they have to face a pissed off Drake but a pissed off me, and really the latter was a much scarier sight.

When I entered the building where America's Rocker was filmed I carefully made my way to the set where I figured Drake would be with Axton and Cole. I could hear one of the contestants rehearsing the song he was going to be preforming tomorrow night and realized it was the one Drake had had his eye on to win. Kurtis Quinn had a voice that made people stop and take notice, but he was still a little rough around the edges. Drake had given him some pointers during the competition that the man had adopted.

Opening the side door to the set I found Drake and the other two judges sitting at their table watching the rocker going through his set. Having seen all of this more than a few times I wasn't in awe by the behind-the-scenes stuff, not that I had really been to begin with. I wasn't easily impressed with the rock-n-roll lifestyle. I was in love with Drake the man, not the rock star.

While Drake and the other two men watched the performer, several other people were moving around on the sidelines. I saw the producer, a big-bellied man who had disliked me from the very first time he had met me. I still didn't know his name and didn't care enough to learn it, the dislike was definitely not one sided. Beside him stood his executive assistant and unconsciously my hands fisted at my sides.

Bethany was hot in a smart chick kind of way. She wore her hair in a simple ponytail more often than not and she had big brown eyes behind her dark-rimmed glasses. She was slender with curves in all the right places that she showcased in tight jeans and tops that always revealed just how much of a woman she really was. Seriously, those fake tits were about to pop out of that little top she had on today.

Of course her eyes were burning into the back of my husband's head. Any time that skank was in the same room with Drake she couldn't take her eyes off of him. It had always irritated me, but in the last few months it had started bothering me more and more until I nearly couldn't stand it. It made me irrationally jealous and messed with my head... Could Drake ever want this chick?

While I was busy measuring up the woman who had been trying to seduce my husband, Kurtis's song ended and Axton's voice forced my attention away from Bethany. I waited five more minutes while Drake and Cole gave their two cents before stepping out of the shadows and approaching the table where the three rockers sat.

"I thought you were here." Drake stood and pulled me in for a kiss that never failed to steal my breath. I smiled against his lips as his hand went immediately to my stomach, caressing the flesh through my top as if he were touching our child. "My dick got hard as soon as you walked in," he whispered against my ear.

My nipples instantly hardened and I snuggled against him. "I wish you didn't have a meeting tonight. I was really looking forward to our date night."

"I'll make it up to you," he promised, kissing me again. Damn, now my panties were wet and my knees were starting to tremble. I wanted nothing more than to pull him into the closest bathroom and spread my legs for him. "You look beautiful. What have you been doing?"

"Dallas and I had lunch." I lifted my hand to push his hair back from his face. I loved his hair. Long hair on most men didn't look right at all, but on Drake it only enhanced his sex appeal. Blue-gray eyes darkened. He loved it when I ran my fingers through his hair. "I couldn't go home until I saw you, though."

"Hey there, darlin'." I reluctantly forced my gaze from Drake to find Cole walking toward us. I couldn't help but roll my eyes at the sight of him: skinny jeans with holes everywhere and a Steel Entrapment T-shirt tight across his chest. His hair was longer than normal for a man his age but it looked good on him. Years of drug use and too much booze had kept him lean, but had taken its toll on his face, causing wrinkles at his eyes and mouth, but he still looked good. "How's that baby treating you?" His hands went to my stomach as soon as he was within touching range.

Normally I tore the head off of anyone who touched my stomach other than Drake. Touching a woman's pregnant belly was something extremely intimate to me. With Cole, it was different. It melted my heart more than a little to have my father so lovingly touch his grandchild growing inside of me. "She's been kicking up a storm today. I hoped some Greek would calm her down, but it just got her dancing even more."

"She just wanted to see her grandpa, that's all." Cole hugged me then stepped back, grinning like the proud grandfather he was. "It's good to see you. How're your sisters? Lucy okay?"

"They're dealing. Lucy is still having nightmares, though. Jesse and Layla are talking about getting her a counselor, but Lucy has refused to go so far." Drake stepped closer behind me and even though I was standing there talking to my father, my entire body seemed to catch fire. It wasn't pregnancy hormones that were doing it to me, either. I was always in this condition whenever Drake was that close to me.

"Poor kid. Stupid bastard needs to be shot for doing that to her. Have the cops caught him? Or are they even trying?"

Now that was a hard question to answer. Emmie had only given us the bare details on what had happened to Grady after Jesse and Nik had gotten Lucy back the night of the kidnapping. Jesse had left the man bloody and barely breathing but Seller, the head of the security team that Emmie worked with was supposed to pick Grady up and turn him over to the police later that night. That hadn't happened because Seller was sure that Jesse and Nik would have gotten into some serious trouble with the condition that Grady had been left in. Seller had taken the bastard to Canada and gotten him patched up before turning him over to his parole officer two days later for violating the conditions of his parole. As far as I knew, Grady was back in prison serving out the rest of his original sentence. And the two million that Grady had asked for the ransom? Back in Jesse's bank account. Seller had handed the money over to Emmie-minus his fee.

"He's in San Quintin," Drake told Cole. "He violated parole and has to finish out his original sentence. He's got at least ten more years."

"Did I hear you say you had lunch with Dallas?"

I turned my head to find Axton had joined us. Anger on my friend's behalf filled me and I had to take a deep breath to calm down before I punched him in the throat. "What's it to you?"

He didn't even blink at my bitchy tone. "I need to talk to her. She hasn't been answering my texts or phone calls. And every time I stop by the apartment Natalie and Linc say she's at work."

"She works a lot."

Axton sighed. "Lana, I don't know what she's told you, but I didn't leave the wedding to go chasing after Gabriella. At least not in the way she thinks."

I raised a brow at him. "The fact that you left her there and went to Gabriella's is all she needed to know." Drake's hand tightened on my waist, reminding me that this wasn't any of my business. I grimaced, because I couldn't get in the middle without picking sides, which would leave Drake in a tricky position. He loved me too much to not show Dallas the loyalty I would demand, but Axton was as much a part of his family as his band brothers were.

Axton's shoulders seemed to slump for a second, but then he straightened and that cocky 'I'm a rock god, nothing else matters' smile crossed his face. I had realized long ago that this was his mask to keep his real feelings locked inside. "Maybe she knows where Liam is, then. Dev said she left the reception with him and no one has seen him since. Marissa said he's in rehab somewhere, but she won't tell anyone where he is. We need to find him, Lana."

The band didn't know where Liam was? That was odd, but that wasn't my business either. "I'm sure Emmie knows where he is. Have you asked her?"

"She won't tell me shit. Look, just ask your friend to call me the next time you talk to her. It's important." He thrust his hands into his jean pockets. "And tell her... I miss her."

My mouth opened to blast him but Drake turned me around before a word could escape and kissed me until I couldn't even remember my name. All I could hear, taste, feel was Drake. Damn, he knew how to shut me up. Not that I was going to complain.

Chapter 25

Drake

Angel's taste was still lingering on my lips even as I walked into the producer's office that evening for the meeting his assistant said we had to attend. That was the only thought on my mind as I closed the door behind me. I wasn't happy that I had to cancel plans with Angel to stay over tonight, and I had let the woman know as soon as she had relayed the message from her boss.

For the next thirty minutes I sat with my father-in-law and friend listening to the monotone voice of the man who was supposedly our boss. Our contracts were all up at the end of this season and I was still undecided if I was going to sign another one. In the beginning this gig had been just an excuse to be in New York and closer to my angel. Then I had started to kind of like finding talented rockers and giving them a chance to make it in the rock world. I still enjoyed that part of the job, but I knew Angel was having trouble with some aspects of the whole thing.

Like the woman sitting in a chair beside me, her hands typing away on her iPad but her gaze was drilling into the side of my face. I still couldn't remember her name most of the time, but knew it started with a B. Since Angel had convinced me that the chick was after me, I had started feeling more than a little creeped out by the way she looked at me. I felt like a pussy thinking that. A woman scaring me? Shane would have a field day with that joke.

"I'm going to need your answer by next week." The producer-damn, what was his name again? Greg... George? Angel usually helped me with that shit. "I'll have our lawyers meet with your people to negotiate your contract terms and any pay increases you suggest. This season's ratings have been just as high if not higher than the first season and we want all three of you back for next season."

Cole shook his head. "I won't be back next year." His answer didn't surprise me. Cole was not happy with the producer. They had been arguing most of the season over everything from the taste of the coffee to how much camera time he was getting during the shows. Cole was fed up with the show and how the higher-ups kept dramatizing every little thing that went on during judge panels and behind the scenes to get the higher ratings. The show was starting to become a fucking soap opera.

"If this is about more money..."

"Money?" Cole grunted. "I got plenty of that. This is about you and your so called creative minds making the entire rock world look ridiculous. You have maybe one truly talented contestant competing this go round up there with a bunch of ignorant wanna-be rockers. You dress them in Goth and punk and play it off like they are the world's next rock gods, while down-playing the real talent all because he's not what you would call 'ratings friendly'."

"Kurtis Quinn is not the only talent we have this season," the producer argued and Axton and I both grunted because there wasn't any truth to that statement. The fat man narrowed his eyes. "He wouldn't last five minutes in the rock world."

"What the fuck would you know about the rock world?" Axton snapped. "Cole's right, this thing has turned into a soap opera. I'm not sure I'm coming back next year either unless you make some changes around here. And if Quinn doesn't win, I'm going to ask him to open for OtherWorld on tour in a few months."

"What about you, Stevenson?"

I shrugged. "I don't have an answer for you about next year, but I'm with these two about the way the show is going. I'm fed up with seeing all the drama on the cover of trash magazines. My wife isn't happy with the way things are turning out here either and if she isn't happy, I'm not happy." I stood, more than ready to go home and not caring in the least if the meeting was over or not. "I'm out. See you fuckers tomorrow."

"Night man," Axton called after me.

"Later, boy." I chuckled at Cole calling me boy and kept walking.

By the time I got home the house was quiet. There was a pizza box on the island in the kitchen when I walked in. Opening the lid I saw that Angel was having a crazy craving day. The smell was enough to turn my stomach: anchovies with pineapple, and ranch instead of tomato sauce? It wasn't the nastiest craving she'd had so far but it was up there.

Upstairs I found the bathroom light still on with the door slightly ajar. It cast a soft glow over our king size bed, giving my angel a surreal quality that took my breath away. Her hair was spread over my pillow and looked as if it was still damp from her shower. She was wrapped around her body pillow that she had sprayed with my cologne the day she got it because it helped her sleep better smelling me all around her. The sheet had slipped down to her hips showing me that she must have been waiting up for me because she was gloriously naked.

My dick had gone hard as soon as I had opened the door. Grinning, I rushed through my shower and hurried back to the sleeping angel in my bed. As I climbed in behind her she sighed my name and pressed her back against me, her hips wiggling against my rock-hard cock in her sleep. I kissed her neck, licking at the sensitive spot just under her ear. She made a mewling sound and arched her neck to give me better access.

Reaching around her I rubbed my palm over her stomach and felt our daughter kick at me before traveling higher to find Angel's nipples hard as diamonds. Fuck, I loved her tits. They had gotten super sensitive during the pregnancy and all I had to do was barely touch them to get her begging for more. My lips traveled down her shoulder and then down her back while I pinched the tips making her whimper with need.

Goose bumps popped up along her back as I trailed kisses lower, licking and nipping at her spine. When I got to her ass-fuck, that perfect ass!-I sucked on her hip until she was squirming, wanting me to suck on something completely different. Licking away the sting from the love bite I had just given her, I moved so that I could turn Angel on her back.

She jerked and cried out my name as soon as I latched onto her already pulsing clit. Long, graceful fingers thrust into my hair, holding me right where she wanted me as she thrust her hips against my tongue. "Drake... Fuck, babe... Oh. Oh. Ahhh!" she screamed, her back bowing as she came apart against my tongue.

I kept flicking my tongue over her clit even after she lay limp from her orgasm. I couldn't get enough of her sweet nectar and lapped it all up as I slipped two fingers inside of her. Her inner walls quivered at my invasion, welcoming me and the pleasure I brought with me. My balls tightened, wanting to slip my cock deep inside of her and feel that soft contracting around my shaft as I drove us both into pleasure-filled delirium.

"Please," Angel whimpered when I kept tormenting us both with my teasing fingers while I continued to tongue her clit. "I want you so much."

"Tell me you love me," I commanded, rising to my knees and grasping my cock, stroking it twice while she watched me with her lashes lowered. The sight made her whimper again and suck her bottom lip between her teeth. "Tell me."

"I love you. Always." I skimmed the tip of my dick over her opening and her hands twisted in the sheets underneath her. "Drake..."

"Do I make you happy? Do I give you everything you want?"

"Yes. I'd be a mess without you." Her thighs were trembling and I knew she was close to the edge of coming again. "All I want is you, you give me the world every day."

"Ask me to fuck you," I growled, sliding between her folds until only the tip was inside of her. Her walls clasped my cock, trapping me yet trying to suck me deeper all at once. . "Ask me to fuck you slowly."

Her head thrashed back and forth on the pillow. "Not slow," she begged. "Fast. Hard."

"No. Ask me to fuck you slowly." My hips pushed forward until she took another inch. "Do it, Angel."

"Drake..." She licked her lips, making me ache to kiss her. "Drake, please fuck me..." another inch and she was biting into that lip she had just licked, "...slowly."

I thrust deep and caught her mouth with my own, swallowing her cries as she shattered. I didn't move until her pussy stopped convulsing around my dick. Her nails bit into my back, scratching down my spine as I finally moved inside of her.

I made love to her for hours and when she finally fell against my chest, her pregnant stomach carefully tucked to the side I just laid there, rubbing her back. This was heaven.

--

"Garvin Davis wants to know what he has to do to secure your contract for the next season of America's Rocker."

My brow furrowed at the statement Emmie had just made and I finished chewing the bite of steak sandwich before looking down at the phone. Emmie's face stared back at me on the FaceTime app. "Who the hell is Garvin Davis?"

She rolled her eyes at me. "He's the producer with the big belly from the show, dummy. He said he talked to you two weeks ago and you still haven't given him an answer yet. What should I tell him? Or have you still not made up your mind yet?"

So that was what that fucker's name was. I crunched down on an onion ring, part of the quick lunch I was having while Angel was out with Linc doing gods knew what. I had driven her into the city an hour ago and had just been doing jack shit ever since. It was nice to have a free few hours to myself with nothing to do but worry about anything except for my wife finding out I was eating too much saturated fat.

I had completely forgotten about the producer wanting to know if I was coming back for another season. Everything had flown out the window in my mind the moment I had gotten home that night and slid between my angel's legs. "I don't know, Em." I wiped oil from the onion ring off my fingers before reaching for my soft drink. Another guilty pleasure I was getting to have today because it wasn't the diet shit that I was forced to stock in our fridge. "What does Ax say about it? Is he coming back?"

"Only if the show gets a new creative team that focuses on the talent and not the drama and a few other changes are made. Cole has already gone public with his decision. It's all over the tabloids' Facebook sites. Garvin says he's already incorporating the changes that Ax wants but wonders what will convince you to sign."

What changes did I want? Were there any changes that could convince me to go back for another season? The last three hadn't been horrible and if Ax got his changes then I wouldn't be against doing this again. But Angel wasn't happy with my job. For the last two weeks she had been a cranky lioness every time I had to go out to the studio. Thursdays and Fridays seriously sucked in my house right now.

"I have one stipulation for the moment..." As soon as I told Emmie what it was her eyes rounded but she nodded and assured me that she would let Garvin know.

"I have to go," she said ten minutes later. "The contractor is here to redo the guesthouse and I want to make sure that everything is exactly as we discussed before he starts tearing things up."

"Have you found any candidates for your assistant yet?" Nik had told me she had interviewed ten just in the last week alone, but none of them had met her standards.

"I got two yesterday that I'm going to give a try starting tomorrow." She made a face and I had a feeling they wouldn't last the day, if the first hour. I knew exactly how demanding Emmie was of her assistants. Natalie had made sure I knew how hard she had to work her ass off.

"I'll let you go. Love you, Em."

Her face softened for a moment. "Love you, Drake."

Chapter 26

Harper

I looked in the mirror and cringed.

Really? Another one? Carefully I touched the tip of my index finger to yet another pimple that had popped up on my forehead. It was sore and irritated. This was not happening! I hadn't had acne since I was a preteen and now my face looked like that of a greasy-faced freshman. It seemed like my stress level was just as bad as in high school, at the moment. With everything that was going on within our family-the twins still being in the hospital and Lucy's obvious anxiety since the kidnapping-on top of the demands of my job, my nervous system was a wreck at the moment.

Dabbing on the Proactiv mask that was supposed to help clear up my complexion, I finished getting ready for work. I knew the acne was from not taking my birth control pills and not altogether a product of the stress I was under, just as the heavy period I was having this month was as well. I used to have this every month until my mother had taken me to the doctor to get me put on the pill to help regulate my cycle.

I had hoped that it had just been something I would grow out of, but I was worried that it was something a little more serious. Even back when I was just starting to have my period the doctor had said that it could be PCOS-polycystic ovary syndrome-that was making my periods the way they were and that birth control pills were the only real treatment for it to help with the hormone imbalance. For the moment, I was going to pretend like it wasn't a possibility though.

I was on day eight of my period now. I was tired, pale and zit-faced. Yeah, I was a hot mess. No way someone would look at me and think I was Shane Stevenson's wife. Grimacing, I brushed out my hair, washed the mask from my face, finished the third step of the Proactiv regimen, and then applied concealer to the angry-looking spots on my forehead and chin.

Dressed in a pair of loose-fitting dress pants-because I was bloated as hell-and the silk blouse I had picked up on my honeymoon in Mexico, I decided I looked as good as I was going to get for the day and left the bathroom. Shane was standing in the kitchen with the coffee pot full and a cup of rich smelling coffee in his hand.

Blue-gray eyes narrowed on me in concern. "You look exhausted, beautiful. Just call in and tell them that you are sick."

"It's just my period, Shane." I took the mug from him, trying to keep my face hidden so he wouldn't see how gross it was even with all the makeup I had put on to hide most of it. "Besides, I have to finalize next month's cover on top of a staff meeting this morning."

"I've never seen you so pale. Not even when you had the flu last year did you look this pale."

"I'm so sorry I can't be glowing every time you see me!" I snapped and put my mug in the sink, untouched. I was already feeling ugly, I didn't need him to tell me how bad I looked. "I have to go."

"Harper..." I didn't give him a chance to say another word. Without looking at him again I grabbed my purse and headed out the door.

Peterson was already waiting for me and I climbed into the back of the town car he drove me around in. My phone rang with Shane's assigned ring tone but I turned it to Do Not Disturb and tossed the phone to the bottom of my purse. Leaning my head against the window I closed my eyes.

By the time Peterson dropped me off at work I had to stop at the bathroom before even getting on the elevator to take me up to my office. I was bleeding even more heavily today than I had yesterday. This was really starting to worry me and maybe it was time I faced my fear that I really was suffering from PCOS. I used the app on my iPhone for my doctor to set up an appointment for the next day before dropping my things at my desk and rushing to the conference room for the staff meeting.

By lunch time I was dragging and my heart was feeling heavy. I'd ignored Shane's calls to my cell and my office all morning, punishing him for something that wasn't his fault. This was me feeling unworthy of him again, and all because of my stupid period. Damn it, I was going insane.

A tap on my open office door had my head rising as I was going over the photo shoot layouts that we were going to use for the next month's issue. My heart stopped when I saw the receptionist standing there with an arrangement of yellow tulips. "From the hubby," she said with a grin as she stepped inside my office and set the flowers on my desk. "And there's a note."

I didn't say a word as she winked and left the office. As soon as she was gone I reached for the little card sticking out of the beautiful flower arrangement. You are the most beautiful woman in the world ~ Shane.

Tears filled my eyes and I blinked them away rapidly as I reached for the phone on my desk to call him. "I'm sorry!" I sobbed as soon as he answered.

"Hey, hey." His tone was gentle, the one he used to soothe Mia when she was upset. It only made me sob harder. "Baby, what's going on? Are you okay?"

"It really is just this stupid period," I choked out. "My hormones are all over the place. I'm sorry, Shane. This is turning me into a huge bitch and I hate it."

"I don't know how to handle this..." He sighed and I pictured him running his hands through his short hair, the frustration on his face making his brow wrinkle and his eyes crinkle around the edges. "I hate seeing you like this. I just want to hold you."

"I'm sorry."

"Stop fucking saying that!" he growled. "I love you, Harper. That means you don't have to apologize for every little thing that upsets me. How are you feeling? Don't get mad at me again, but baby you looked so tired this morning. I'm worried about you. I was talking to Em..." I sighed, because of course he had talked to Emmie about it, "...and she thinks that you could be anemic from all the blood you've been losing. She says you should call your doctor."

"I already set up an appointment for the morning," I assured him, running my finger over the card still clutched tightly in my hand. You are the most beautiful woman in the world...

"Good." He sounded relieved. "Because if you had tried to argue I would have carried you there kicking and screaming. We'll see the doctor tomorrow and get you sorted. And if she thinks that you should start birth control again then we will."

It felt like my heart was doing nothing but hurting today. Biting my suddenly trembling lip I just sat there, unable to say anything. Going back on the pill meant not trying for a baby of our own. Did that mean he didn't want to try after all?

"Harper? Hey, are you still there?" I sucked in a shaky breath and he groaned. "What did I say this time, baby?"

"It's stupid. I'm being stupid," I whispered.

"Harper..." His tone was full of warning that I had better answer him and not beat around the subject like I normally did when I wasn't ready to talk about something.

Muttering a curse under my breath I sucked it up and just asked him point blank, "Does that mean you don't want to try for a baby?" The line went dead and I knew I had pissed him off. Great, just great. "This day blows." Trying not to worry about the pissed-off man I had to go home to later, I forced my attention to the pictures still lying on my desk needing my attention.

"You are the most frustrating woman on the face of the planet." I nearly jumped out of my skin when Shane walked into my office not ten minutes later. He had to have been already on his way when I talked to him earlier or he wouldn't have been able to make it here in such a short time frame.

He slammed the door to my office and pulled the blinds closed to the window that looked out into the corridor. When he turned back to face me my heart was still beating like I had run a marathon. Wearing only a pair of basketball shorts, a faded old T-shirt, and running shoes that were tattered but his favorite to run on the beach in he was still the sexiest man I had ever seen in my life. The old Boston Red Sox baseball cap turned backward just made my fingers itch to push it off his head and run my fingers through his short dark hair.

"Why would you say something like that?" he demanded, jumping right into the heart of the matter. "Scratch that. Why would you even think that? Damn it, Harper, haven't we moved on from shit like this?"

"It just sounded like you were having second thoughts," I told him, still seated because I was in such awe of the god-like creature I got to call my husband. Seeing the anger and the hurt in his eyes made me regret even thinking that he didn't want us to try for a child of our own.

"That wasn't it at all. Look, baby. You are obviously having a hard time and this is just the beginning. I don't want you to hurt like this. I don't want you to be so unlike yourself and miserable..." He raised his hands to cut me off when I started to argue. "Don't you fucking dare lie to me, woman. I want you to be healthy. You mean more to me than anything in the world, and that includes us having a kid. Do you hear me?" He stalked toward me, his eyes smoldering with a combination of frustration and love that had me squirming in my chair for something I wasn't going to get anytime soon the way this freaking period was going. "Harper? Do you understand me? You healthy is more important."

Dumbly I nodded, unable to find my voice with my throat all choked up with a mixture of emotional tears and need for the sex god just inches away from me now. He put his hands flat on the desk and leaned forward until his nose was touching mine. "Are we done driving each other crazy today, beautiful? Because I'd rather be kissing you than arguing with you."

I pressed my lips to his, letting that be my answer.

Shane

For the second time in a week I sat with Harper in her doctor's office, waiting for the results of the tests the woman had done the last time we had been in here. Blood work, ultrasound, and a few other things that I hadn't been allowed in the room to witness and Harper hadn't explained to me. I was a nervous wreck and had been since the last time I had sat here and the doctor had said that Harper could have something that was called PCOS or something far, far worse... cancer.

I hadn't known what PCOS was so I had googled the shit out of it the moment we had gotten home the other night. Once I knew what we were dealing with I had been praying for the PCOS. Polycystic ovary syndrome caused a hormone imbalance that could produce ovarian cysts, the heavy period that Harper was still having even now-or no period at all in some cases, as well as any number of other changes that she had been showing signs of over the last two weeks of this hellish period.

The cancer possibility? Yeah, I hadn't let myself think about that much because the few times I actually had I had gone to a very bad place.

Cancer was some scary shit and I wasn't going to be able to handle anything in life if that fucker tried to take away my girl.

Harper sat beside me in a chair that, while only a few inches away from my own, felt way too far away for my comfort. She was holding my hand, having been my rock from the moment the doctor had told us what she suspected was going on with Harper. It should have been the other way around. I should have been the one who looked like I could conquer the world and everything else that looked like a threat to the person who meant more to me than life. I should have been the one who had held her the night we had gotten home from the first appointment while she cried silent tears.

Instead it had been her, looking strong and determined while I stood shaking in my running shoes. It was she who held me while I cried. Because I couldn't fucking handle even the thought of losing her.

Emmie was worried about me, but I couldn't talk to her about this yet. Harper had asked me not to tell anyone, including Emmie until we knew what we were dealing with. Everyone was still recovering from the stress of the twins, who were still in the hospital, and Lucy's kidnapping. It had made this whole thing even harder for me, not being able to talk to my brother or even Emmie. Em knew that there was something wrong, was calling me almost every hour. I hadn't taken any of her calls and kept in contact only through texts because I knew I would have broken down and let it all out.

As soon as we were done here I would call her, I promised myself. If this shit turned out to be bad then I was going to need Em as much as I was going to need Harper to hold onto.

The doctor finally pulled Harper's test results up on her iPad and nodded her graying head. "It's exactly what I suspected, Harper," the woman said, and I was sure I was going to vomit. Fuck... "PCOS is treatable and you were doing really well on the birth control pills. I think you should start back on those and we can see if that will get you back to normal."

Relief washed over me. Harper squeezed my hand, shooting me that beautiful smile. "That's good news."

The doctor shrugged. "It is treatable, but you had mentioned a few weeks ago that the two of you wanted to try and have a child..." The doctor looked sympathetic and her voice became gentle as if she were about to deliver bad news. My gut clenched again because I felt Harper's hand start to tremble. "...But your PCOS is so severe that I don't think that will ever be a possibility."

"But she's okay, right?" I asked, needing to make one hundred percent sure. Nothing else really mattered. Who the fuck needed kids? I had all I wanted right beside me. "She's going to be all right?"

The older woman gave me a small smile. "Your wife is going to be fine, Mr. Stevenson. The inability to have a child..." her gaze went back to Harper who now had her head bowed, "...well that can take its own toll." She stood. "I'm going to give you two some privacy. Take your time."

As soon as the door closed behind the doctor I pulled Harper into my lap. I was shaking with relief, but she was motionless. Her head leaned against my chest and she just sat like that for a long moment while I ran my hands up and down her spine. "I feel... empty," she whispered as the first sob racked her and shot me straight in the heart. "Why do I feel so empty?"

"Sweetheart..." I kissed the top of her head, "...I'm sorry. I know that you wanted our baby..." My voice trailed off because I didn't know what else to say to her. Maybe I was a selfish bastard. Okay, there was no maybe about it. I really was a selfish bastard, because right then it didn't bother me that we weren't going to get to have a child of our own. I was so happy that I wasn't going to have to face the fear of losing Harper that nothing else in the world mattered. I didn't need a kid of our own.

I just needed her.

Chapter 27

Emmie

My calendar was spread out in front of me and I was trying to figure out exactly how to fit in going to New York for the birth of Lana and Drake's daughter and be back here in time for the twins to be released from the hospital. Lana's due date was next week and the doctor had said that more than likely Luca and Lyric would get to come home. The twins' sleep apnea alarms had been going off less and less but still not three nights in a row yet, but next week was looking like a huge possibility.

"You have a meeting with Mia's preschool teacher in two hours."

I didn't even look up at the woman as she spoke and I was sure that she hadn't been expecting me to anyway. I'd hired three assistants so far and only one of them had made it longer than a week. The first one had quit because she couldn't take my attitude. I'd told her the day I'd hired the woman that I wasn't an easy person to work for. She hadn't believed me, which had been made blatantly apparent when I had started chewing her out for not immediately telling me when Lana had been on the phone-an emotionally wrecked Lana at that. Stupid bitch-the ex-assistant, not Lana.

The second assistant had quit when I had told her point blank that my husband was my husband and not ever going to start an affair with her. I didn't even remember the woman's name because for one she hadn't worked for me for longer than five hours before she was trying to get Nik to sign her tits. For another, she really hadn't been worth getting to know. The chick probably could make it big on screen, though. She had fooled me into hiring her, pretending to be a serious career-minded individual who wanted to learn the music business.

Rachel was a different story, though. She had proven to be efficient, handling all my phone calls, the mail and most of the emails that came in. She was thirty-eight and had the tone of an angry fifth-grade teacher who only softened when she spoke to Mia and Lucy, which deterred most people who were only calling to annoy the hell out of me. Having spent her life in a house full of nothing but chaos she knew how to micromanage and kick ass over the phone.

Honestly, the woman was a godsend. Now if only I could clone her my life would be so much simpler. "Thanks," I muttered, still considering the calendar.

"Your husband wants to know if you want to pick up dinner while you're out or if he should grill steaks." I flicked my eyes up but only briefly, wincing as soon as I did so because my eye was still pretty sensitive. The scar that went from my hairline to my eye brow was itchy and irritating, but it didn't compare to the lingering pain underneath. "Shane asked me to have you call him at your earliest convenience..."

I picked up my cellphone, ready to call him back now. Shane and Harper were going through a lot at the moment. Well Harper was, Shane was in a better place than she was at the moment. Which probably made it all the worse for poor Harper. She couldn't understand why he wasn't more upset over them being unable to have kids. I could see it from both of their points of view. Shane was just happy to have Harper and not have to worry about losing her to the dreaded C word. Harper was slipping deeper into depression more and more every day because she wasn't going to be able to have something I cherished every day. That depression was also making old scars resurface and crack open.

"...and Axton Cage is holding on line two."

"Ax?" I frowned and reached for the phone on my new desk instead of my cell. Everything in the guesthouse was new actually, except for the small kitchen that I hadn't bothered to have taken out. It had taken two weeks to get the layout I had wanted from the contractor. What had once been the living room was now a reception area that had Rachel's desk as well as a few chairs and the walls were covered in beautifully framed posters of both Demon's Wings and OtherWorld. The bedroom was now my office and really my sanctuary since I hid out in here more often than anywhere else. Rachel had made it so easy for me to push off things on to her.

That Axton was calling my office and not my cell was enough to cause me to worry. He texted me twenty times a day even if it was just to say hi or send me a picture he had found on Facebook. "Hey," I greeted. "What's up?"

"I want Liam out."

I blinked at how cold his voice was. I don't think I had ever heard him as pissed off as he was right now. That it was because of Liam Bryant didn't surprise me, of course, but Liam was still in rehab in upstate New York. Axton shouldn't even know where he was, so why the fuck was he so mad? "Why?"

"Do I need a fucking reason?" he snarled and I glanced up at Rachel who was still standing in the doorway of my office. Nodding my head she backed out and closed the door behind her.

"Okay, just calm down," I told him calmly. "Whatever is going on we can work it out, Ax. Stop biting my head off and tell me what's going on."

"He's a backstabbing dickwad, that's what is going on. Just because he's so fucked up in the head he thinks he should be entitled to everything he sees and wants. I want him out or I'm walking." My eyes narrowed, knowing that whatever had pushed my friend over the edge was huge. Through everything he and OtherWorld had been through he had never threatened to leave the band before. He loved what he did and having his bandmates standing behind him on stage had always been something he was proud of.

"Is this because he was screwing around with Gabriella Moreitti?" Just saying her name left a bad taste in my mouth, but I knew it had to have something to do with the little Italian rocker. It wasn't until very recently that I had learned that Axton's ex had been shacking up with Liam, but had kicked his ass to the curb the same night he had ended up in rehab. It had only served as a further indication that Liam was seriously fucked up in the head in my book. What was it about that bitch that had hot guys chasing after her with their tongues flapping in the wind like a dog with his head out the window?

"Fuck Gabriella!" he growled. "This has nothing to do with her. Nothing."

"Then maybe it has something to do with Dallas..." When all I heard was his heavy, angry breathing on the other end I knew I had hit the nail on the head. I actually liked Dallas, a lot. She was so bitchingly honest that she had wormed her way into my heart within days and I talked to her regularly. "So, you're going to let a chick break up your friendship, possibly even destroy OtherWorld?"

If Axton left, that was most likely to happen. The band wouldn't survive without Axton as the front man. He was the reason they had gotten noticed by Rich Branson. Axton was why they had thrived. Sure Wroth kicked ass as a guitarist, but he would rather be working on his farm in Tennessee than on stage. Devlin, Zander, and Liam? Sure there was talent there but they needed someone with Axton's charming arrogance to lead them. "That isn't you, Ax. You don't let women mess with your life like this."

"I saw them, Emmie." His voice had lost its harshness all of a sudden and all I could hear was the hurt and dejection in it. My heart hurt for him. "I saw him kissing her yesterday."

"Liam and Dallas?" I sighed. "So you found Liam. You didn't approach him, did you? He's doing really well at that place, Ax. Don't mess with him right now."

"Don't worry about the fucker. I didn't touch him and I didn't let him know I was there. He's alive, that should be all the proof you need of me not going near him." The harshness was back and I wasn't sure which I hated more-the coldness or the dejection. One hurt me just as much as it did him, the other pissed me off to the point that I wanted to be the one hurting him. "He had his hands on my girl's ass. His goddamn lips on her. I'm through with him."

"Liam isn't Dallas's type," I found myself assuring him. It was true. Liam was too broken, too needy for someone as strong as Dallas. She needed someone like Axton to really satisfy her. "Maybe what you saw wasn't really what you are thinking. She's been helping him, Axton. Going up there on Sundays to show him that he isn't alone during all of this. I talked to her just a few days ago and she said they were friends."

"You know, I didn't even blink when Liam said he was messing around with Gabriella. It didn't matter. She was toxic for me and I was toxic for her. Her hooking up with one of my friends didn't bother me... But Dallas? He can't fucking have her, Em."

"He doesn't have her for anything except for friendship. Why don't you talk to her about it? I bet she would tell you the same thing. She's too smart to get involved with Liam romantically."

Axton's laugh was full of anything but humor and it scared the shit out of me. "I've been calling her, texting her, showing up at her fucking apartment and even her job. I'm two steps away from being a damn stalker. She refuses to talk to me."

"I'll talk to her, then," I told him, adding that to the long list of things I needed to do within the next week. Obviously this was driving my friend toward psycho territory. "For now, just take a walk or go find some skank to screw. Anything to clear your head. Let's get through the tour in a few months and if you still want out at the end of it, then we can talk about it."

"Yeah, sure. Whatever."

I closed my eyes and squeezed the bridge of my nose, trying not to lose my cool with him in the next ten seconds before I hung up. "I'll be in New York next week. I'll see you then." And smack you in the balls a few times to get your head out of your fucking ass!

"Fine." And he hung up without even saying good-bye or that he loved me. Rolling my eyes because I wasn't a stranger to dealing with thirty-plus-year-old adolescents, it was just rarely Axton who was the one acting so immature.

I replaced the receiver and picked up my cellphone; might as well cross one item off my mile-long list while it was on my mind. It rang three times before the Texas drawl answered. "Hey, redhead."

"Dallas, do you have a few minutes...?"

Chapter 28

Lana

It was official. I couldn't see my feet. Muttering a curse I stood in front of my mirror trying to see if I had on matching shoes. It wouldn't be the first time that had happened. Two days ago I had gone to my doctor's appointment and it wasn't until I had used the bathroom before the exam that I had found out I had a black flat heeled shoe on my left foot and a brown one on my right. And it wasn't just because I couldn't see what I was doing.

I was so scatter brained at the moment that it felt like I was a seventy-five-year-old dementia patient some days. Grocery shopping? I couldn't even follow a list because I could read that thing a million times and still forget at least three things on it. Snack time? I'd actually made myself a sandwich, got distracted, and then ended up making another one because I'd forgotten about the first.

Thank gods Emmie and Nik would be arriving in the morning. Since my sister wasn't able to come out for the birth of my child, Emmie was the next best thing. I didn't want to admit it but as it got closer to my due date the more scared I was. I had been having Braxton Hicks contractions for the last two days and if this was just a taste of the pain to come then I wasn't sure if I was going to be able to go through with it without the epidural. That just pissed me off because I had already made my birth plan and I had been adamant that I didn't want the epidural or drugs of any kind. I wanted to have the baby completely naturally.

I hadn't told Drake about the Braxton Hicks or even about my fears. He was fighting a really bad cold and had stayed home at my insistence the day of my last doctor's appointment. For the last two nights he had been sleeping on the couch in the living room so that he couldn't get me sick too. It wasn't helping my anxiety to not have him sleeping beside me every night, but I understood his reasoning. If I was sick when the baby came then there was a huge chance the baby would get sick too.

Even though he was sick and running a low-grade fever, Drake was still going to work tonight. It was the season finale and he wanted to be there if for no other reason than to support Kurtis Quinn who was one of the two finalists. He'd already left for the studio a few hours ago to get ready. There would be last minute details to go over as well as makeup-which Drake hated-and wardrobe to sit through.

Just because I was as big as a whale didn't mean I was going to show up looking like a frumpy old wife. I was expected to be at all of the shows, especially the finales. There was always a close up of me sitting in the front row behind the judges' table. Tonight I was going to show the world that while I might be very pregnant that didn't mean I was any less hot. I'd straightened my hair and made it shine. My makeup consisted of a very dramatic smoky eye and glossy pink lips with just a hint of shimmer. I was wearing all black from the maternity dress pants to the low cut top that showed off just how much my breasts had changed over the last nine months.

I looked good.

Another small contraction hit me and I twisted in discomfort. My lower back was aching more and more and I just wanted to take two Tylenol PM and go to bed. Instead, I lifted my black with white skulls Loungefly purse that Drake had surprised me with a few weeks ago and headed out. The town car was already waiting on me and I climbed in with a smile for the driver.

As usual I arrived at the studio to find the audience packed. There was only one seat available and it was right behind Drake who was already seated and ready for the live show to start. His attention was on something a young man with a headset at his ear was saying to him. With help from the makeup department he didn't look gray from the cold he was fighting. He looked full of life except for the bloodshot eyes that he had from the lack of restful sleep.

"Wow! You look so hot."

I forced a smile for the woman who sat beside me. Hilary wasn't necessarily beautiful but she was just as hot as she had told me I was. Cheap bottle blonde hair teased high, makeup so thick she must keep the drug stores in business from their cosmetics department alone, and an outfit that was fit more for a strip club than public. She was nice enough but she rubbed me the wrong way no matter how much she tried to kiss my ass.

Maybe it had something to do with the fact that she was only twenty-five and had been screwing my father for the last six weeks if not longer. She didn't know that I was Cole's daughter, though. Something I was seriously thankful for because I couldn't take her ass-kissing in a bigger dose, something that would happen if she found out she needed to impress me before Cole Steel would keep her around for longer than a few months.

"Thanks. You look lovely too," I told her. Maybe I didn't like her, but I was always nice to her. I wouldn't embarrass Drake by being anything but polite and courteous while the world watched on.

"I'm so excited. Kurtis Quinn so deserves to win." Her fake lashes lowered to veil a lust-filled gaze that went straight to the side of the stage where Kurtis could be seen talking to yet another man in a headset as they prepared to start the show.

"Yeah. He's got some serious talent." But I didn't think she heard me as she mentally fucked the rocker. Gross.

I turned my attention back to Drake whose back was still to me. The man with the headset moved on to Axton who always sat in the middle of the three and I ached to go up there and kiss him. As if sensing my gaze on him he turned in his chair and his eyes instantly zeroed in on me. I waved at him flirtingly and he grinned. Damn, my panties got wet in zero point zero seconds at that grin.

Blowing him the kiss I wished I could give him for real, his eye darkened, but before he could respond the lights dimmed and the producers and crew were calling for quiet on the set. Someone counted down from five and the host was suddenly jumping onto the stage in front of the judges. While the show might have been live it was on a five-minute delay because not only did the judges tend to forget themselves and cuss but the host was far worse in the language department.

Having made a name for himself as a DJ, Wes Shaver had moved up the ranks and had his own show on satellite radio now. Good thing the rock channels on satellite weren't censored because Wes cussed harder than Emmie having a bitch fit. He had been the first choice for America's Rocker as the host and he did an amazing job of it. No wonder he was the most popular DJ in the country at the moment.

Halfway through the show I noticed Drake was starting to show how sick he really was. His voice was rough from the sore throat and chest congestion. Axton nudged him a few times because Drake wasn't paying attention to the guest bands that were headlining the finale and performing with the two finalists. Someone from the sidelines appeared with a mug of something steaming and after a few sips Drake seemed to liven up a little.

Because it was the season finale the show lasted a full two hours with minimal commercial interruption. Fans had voted over the weekend and all the way up to Wednesday so Kurtis and his competition weren't actually competing tonight. A winner had already been picked we were just waiting for the last fifteen minutes to announce which one it happened to be. My fingers were crossed for Kurtis.

Finally, Wes stood on stage between Kurtis and some guy who scared the shit out of me with not only his Goth makeup but the metal thorns all over his outfit. I hoped no one wanted to hug him while he was wearing that getup because they were liable to be stabbed in the eye or something. All three judges gave the two their last critiques and Cole even went as far as to say he knew that no matter what the results from the voting said, he would always consider Kurtis the true winner of the season.

Leave it to my dad to tell it how it really was. Gods, couldn't he have been a little more sensitive to the other guy's feelings? I felt a little bad for the scary dude.

"And the winner of America's Rocker..." I crossed my fingers and bit my lip, waiting while Wes drew out the heart pounding, life changing results, "...Kurtis Quinn!"

All around me the crowd went crazy. I jumped up with everyone else, shouting and clapping my hands. Another contraction tightened around my middle and I muttered a curse because this one was a lot harsher than the others had been. Yeah, I was so having an epidural.

No! I decided, clenching my jaw as the contraction lingered for a few seconds longer than I was used to. I'd made my birth plan and I was going to stick to it.

It took another hour for the crowd to even start to break up. Axton, Cole, and Drake had gone backstage about thirty minutes ago with Kurtis and the runner up for interviews and pictures. My back was really starting to ache though and I wanted Drake to rub it for me when we got home.

Hilary had long since left her seat beside me and I was the only one still seated. Carefully I stood but stopped as soon as I was on my feet as a pain far more intense than I had ever felt in my life seemed to rip through my lower belly. When I could breathe again I was sweating. "Fuck," I muttered and pulled out my cellphone so that I could start timing the contractions.

With the stopwatch app going, I pushed through the crowd toward the back stage. A few of the crew greeted me with a smile or a nod but were so busy they didn't stop to speak to me. By the time I got to the dressing rooms I found Cole and Axton sitting with a group of women, laughing and flirting and who knew what else as they sat there. One was sitting on Cole's lap-definitely not Hilary, but the chick was dressed much the same way as the other woman. Axton had one sitting on each arm of the chair he was sitting in, but his eyes weren't as focused on them as Cole's were on his little groupie.

"Hey darlin'," Cole greeted when he saw me. "Drake wasn't looking so good a few minutes ago. Might want to check up on the poor fucker."

Concerned, I just kept on walking. Drake's dressing room was at the end of the hall and I rushed in without bothering to knock...

The smell hit me first-that all-too-familiar scent of whisky that was like a terrifying ghost from the past. I paused with my hand on the light switch. What the fuck were the lights doing off? Then I heard it, a feminine moan and I turned the lights on before turning around.

I felt the blood drain from my face only to start to boil in my veins. The room filled with a high scream that took me a moment to realize had come from my own mouth. Oh, I was going to kill that fucking bitch.

Drake was lain out on the little sofa, his eyes closed, his breathing slow and even. He was passed out. From drinking? It was the first thought that crossed my mind but I was quick to push it away, ashamed of myself for even letting that possibility enter my head. His shirt was off, and a very naked Bethany was lying on top of him...

She was practically raping my husband who was off in another world, unable to so much as protest-or even participate should he have been of the mind to cheat on me.

For weeks-no, months!-I had known that this bitch was after my husband and had even entertained the idea of what I would do if he did lose his sanity and cheated on me with her. I'd imagined how I would tear him apart, starting with his balls to make sure he remembered me every time he so much as thought of letting his dick get hard. I'd thought maybe I would cry or scream or just turn around and leave-much like I had when I had found him in bed with Gabriella Moreitti.

Now, faced with the picture in front of me, I knew that I had been incredibly stupid. Drake would never cheat on me. Maybe I was conceited and spoiled, but I knew without a shadow of a doubt that he loved me and would probably kill himself before hurting me like that. So I just stood there, seething as Bethany turned her head. An evil smile teased at her lips as she widened her eyes in mock surprise.

"Oh... Oh, no." She bit her lip, the look of innocence in her eyes if not for the sickness also evident there. Pure hate shined back at me from her soulless eyes. "Lana, I'm so sorry. We didn't mean for you to find out like this."

I ignored her and glanced around the dressing room, looking for the source of the whisky smell. If Drake actually had slipped I knew he would have gone straight for only one thing. Jack Daniels. Instead, I saw a bottle of Jameson spilled across the coffee table in front of the couch. Wow, she had really thought of everything. Trying to make me think the worst of my man.

Sure, with the way my emotions had been all over the place lately it was very likely that I could have responded to this scene differently. I could have been too pissed and disappointed by finding him with another woman lying across his bare chest and the smell of alcohol filling the air to even consider that Drake was innocent in all of this. It looked bad. Really, really bad.

I guess it was just too bad for this crazy-ass bitch that I loved my husband as much as he loved me. So even though another strong, gut-twisting contraction had me pausing for a moment to catch my breath, the next minute found me across the room in three steps and pulling that skank off my man.

Her shriek as I grabbed handfuls of her hair and dragged her toward the door echoed through the room, making Drake stir. "Angel?" His voice was rough from his cold and sleep. "Fuck!" he roared when he spotted me struggling to open the door while I held on to my prisoner.

"I'm going to kill her," I screamed. "She was..." I couldn't say the words. He had been violated enough and I didn't want him to ever think of that again. And this bitch had been about to do the same thing to him! Yeah, I was going to kill her.

The door opened without warning, slamming against my shoulder. Cole and Axton stood in the doorway, concern wrinkling their brows but their mouths were wide open as they took in the sight of a pregnant woman ripping another woman's hair out by the handful.

"What the fucking hell is going on?" Cole burst out, finally finding his voice. "Jesus, Lana!"

I still had hold of Bethany's hair, tugging back and forth until I ripped handfuls free. She screamed again and if my belly wasn't in the way I would have punched the psycho in the vagina. I tossed her head aside, feeling a satisfied thrill when her head made a loud thump as it bounced off the floor. I straightened and kicked what I wanted to punch, getting a high-pitched wail from her.

"How dare you touch my husband?" I screamed as I kicked her again. "Taking advantage of him while he's sick. Trying to hurt him by setting him up to lose me. Messing with his head by making it look like he had been drinking." Another kick, this one to her ribs as she huddled into the fetal position to try and protect herself as much as possible. Damn, I wished I'd worn my boots. I'd have stomped this bitch into dust.

"You're sick!" It came out a shrill shriek that hurt my throat I screamed so loud, and more people filled the open doorway. "And if you thought I would let you get away with it you thought wrong, bitch. I protect what is mine. I..." I nearly stumbled as another contraction made me double over in pain.

No one had tried to stop me as I had kicked Bethany into a bleeding, pitiful mess on the floor. Not one person had stepped forward to intervene. Either they were too stunned or they just didn't care. Now, as I whimpered in pain, Drake's arms caught hold of my waist to steady me. Axton stepped forward at the same time Cole did, ready to help me at the first sign.

"Angel?" Drake's voice soothed me as I tried to breathe through the pain. "What's wrong? Are you in labor?"

"Looks like it." I leaned into him, welcoming his warmth and strength.

Things moved fast after that. Drake lifted me into his arms, barking orders for Axton to get the car. Cole pushed through the crowd at the door that went all the way down the hall, making a path so that Drake could carry me out. People were whispering all around me, making assumptions-some of them true, others huge whoppers, like Drake and I had been having a threesome with the executive producer's assistant when I had gone into labor. Wow, really?

A limo was waiting outside with Axton holding the door open for Drake. As soon as Drake was inside with me on his lap, Axton and Cole climbed in behind him. They moved to the other bench seat and Axton yelled for the driver to go. Drake pulled his cellphone from his pocket and tossed it to Cole. "Call her doctor," he ordered. "Ax, Emmie."

Both men nodded as the limo sped through the busy New York streets. I had two more contractions in the ten minutes that it took us to get to the hospital. Both had me in tears as I clung to Drake's neck and buried my face in his chest. Oh shit, this hurts!

The limo pulled to a brake-screaming stop in the ER entrance to the hospital and the door opened with a nurse who had a wheelchair beside her. I blinked. "Dallas?"

She grinned and helped Drake place me in the chair. "You didn't think I was going to miss my niece's big appearance into the world, did you?"

Tears clogged my throat and I shook my head. "I'm so glad to see you."

She ignored everyone but me as she pushed me inside and into a waiting elevator. Drake, Cole, and Axton stepped on behind her and we rode up to the maternity floor. I wasn't sure if it was because Dallas worked there or if maybe Emmie had called and started handing out orders but I was put in a private room without the fuss of paperwork. Ten minutes later I was in a gown, hooked up to several monitors and had an IV in my wrist. By the time the doctor arrived, declaring me only dilated to a six, I was feeling a little more relaxed between contractions.

Doctor Conrad stood at the end of my bed, looking serious. "You've dilated pretty quickly, Lana. And your contractions are coming faster and faster. I need you to decide right now if you want an epidural or if you are going to stick with the birth plan we talked about."

Here was my chance to ask for the drugs. To get rid of this pain that felt like it was going to rip me apart. But when I opened my mouth I told him no. "I'll stick to the plan," I told him and felt relieved with my decision. I could do this. I could do it.

He grinned and patted my leg. "That's my girl." Winking at me he turned to Dallas. "You work in the emergency room, right?"

Dallas shrugged. "I'd just finished my shift when I got the call. I'd like to stay if you don't mind."

"Works for me. They are short -staffed up here tonight anyway." The doctor left with the promise of returning in an hour to check me again.

I glanced over at Drake who had been noticeably quiet. He was sweating pretty badly and I wasn't sure if it was completely from how sick he'd been lately. I caught his hand, offering him a reassuring smile that he didn't return. "What?" I whispered. "What's wrong?"

"You don't think that I..." he broke off, a mixture of emotions crossing his face. Disgust, anger, fear... Shame.

I glanced over at Axton and Cole who were standing by the window. I was okay with them both being here for the moment, but I wasn't sure if I wanted either in the room when it came time to push. "Can you give us a few minutes?"

Dallas didn't give them time to decide and started pushing them toward the door. "We will just be down the hall."

As soon as the door was closed behind them I grabbed Drake's shirt-when had he pulled one on? I had been so distracted kicking the shit out of Bethany I hadn't even noticed. Giving it a few tugs he finally sat down on the edge of my hospital bed. I cupped his face, making him meet my eyes. "As soon as I walked in I smelled the whisky. And the first thing that crossed my mind was the obvious. But just as quickly, I called myself an idiot. Drake Stevenson is too strong to let himself slip up."

"I've been having cravings lately..." He closed his eyes. "For months I've been fighting them."

"Look at me," I commanded and after a small hesitation he assaulted me with those blue-gray eyes I hoped our daughter would inherit. "You're probably always going to have those cravings, babe. It's part of being in recovery. We've talked about it and even your sponsor says they never go away. The real problem comes when you give in, let the cravings become more. And you haven't done that. You're so strong, Drake."

"Only because of you." His hands covered mine and pulled my palm to his lips. "You keep me strong, Angel."

I wrinkled my nose. "Yeah, I know." He laughed at how conceited it sounded, making me grin. "I love my Demon, and my Demon is never going to do something like that to hurt his Angel."

His eyes darkened. "Truer words have never been spoken, Angel."

Chapter 29

Drake

Six hours.

From the moment we arrived at the hospital to the moment I heard my daughter's first cry it took six hours and twelve minutes.

The hours of worry, of torture watching Angel cry in pain... All of that flew right out of my head the moment I set eyes on that perfect little creature. A full head of thick black hair, chubby, red cheeks. Twenty inches long and eight pounds, nine ounces of beauty personified. I was going to remember this moment for the rest of my life.

With a shaking hand I cut the umbilical cord as the doctor instructed and then Dallas was taking her across the room to clean her up and check her over while the pediatrician stood beside her. Angel was sobbing, happy tears instead of pain-filled ones now. Tears were flowing unashamedly down my own face and I dropped a kiss on top her sweat dampened head.

Doctor Conrad was doing something to her and told her to push one more time. I was freaked out, thinking that it was another baby but instead she delivered the afterbirth and then laid back, completely exhausted. Across the room, where she had commanded Axton and Cole to stand if they wanted to stay for the delivery, I heard Ax congratulating Cole on being a grandfather.

Finally Dallas appeared with a pink bundle. She was wiping her own tears and smiling as she handed the baby over to Angel. "She's perfect, Lana."

Hands shaking with a mixture of exhaustion and pure joy, Angel held the baby against her chest. "Hey there, princess." Her voice was rough with tears. "I'm so glad I finally get to hold you."

"So what am I calling my grandbaby?" Cole asked from his spot by the window. "Or don't you know yet?"

Angel's eyes widened and she looked up at me. "Yeah, Daddy. What are we going to call her? Have you decided yet?"

I looked down at my world, my heaven on earth. In that moment I knew I had found paradise. Bending my head I kissed the top of my angel's head. "Nevaeh," I told her, "Nevaeh Joy Stevenson."

Her eyes filled with tears all over again. "Perfect," she whispered. "Completely, absolutely." She lifted the baby, offering her to me.

I took her willingly and as soon as I touched her my heart felt like it was going to explode. How could anyone be this happy and not die? I kissed the top of her head, then reluctantly handed her back to her mother, terrified I would get her sick. The cold that had been kicking my ass hadn't even crossed my mind during the hours of labor, but now that Nevaeh was here I was starting to feel the sore throat, chest congestion, and all over body ache.

Dallas turned to the two rockers standing across the room as the doctors left the room. "Out. Momma needs to breast feed and I know Demon man isn't going to welcome you witnessing that."

"Fucking right," I growled. "Get lost, assholes."

Laughing, Axton and Cole crossed the room. Cole dropped a kiss on his daughter's forehead then one on his granddaughter's. "I'll be back in the morning, darlin'. I'll bring lots of presents."

"You don't have to do that, Dad," Angel protested.

Cole stilled, not used to being called 'Dad' by her, but seemed to enjoy it. A huge grin split his face and he kissed her on top of the head again. "See you, darlin'."

Axton hugged her, then pulled me into a bear hug. "I'll be in the waiting room, man. Congrats on the new addition. She's as beautiful as her mother."

I pounded him on the back a few times. "Thanks for being here."

Ax shrugged. "You're my family, bro. I wouldn't have wanted to be anywhere else."

When he was gone it was just Dallas that remained. For the next half hour she helped Angel get comfortable with breast feeding. Her milk wasn't in yet but Nevaeh showed how smart she was by latching on like a pro and getting what little Angel had to offer her. To me it was probably the most breathtaking sight I had ever seen in my life. My woman feeding our child like this. Fuck, it was both awe-inspiring and hot as hell.

After the baby had had enough, Dallas took her to the nursery so that she could get her settled. Another nurse and a CNA came in to get Angel comfortable. Helping her to shower and putting a fresh gown on her since we hadn't brought anything with us. There was a bag packed in the closet at home, but I hadn't wanted to leave her to go fetch it. There was plenty of time to do that later.

With her finally settled in bed once more the nurse and her aid brought in a jug of ice water and two cups, then left with the promise of bringing us something to eat. I wasn't hungry, but my angel said she was starving so they promised to hurry.

We were alone for the first time all evening and I wasted no time before I kissed her like I had been aching to do. Her arms lifted, wrapping around my neck as she kissed me back. It wasn't a passionate kiss. It wasn't about lust. This was a kiss full of love and understanding. When I finally pulled back she had a sleeping smile on her face.

"Sleep with me?" she asked, already scooting over so that I could climb in beside her.

With one leg on the floor and the other on the mattress I laid down and pulled her head onto my chest. I sat like that for hours, rubbing my fingers up and down her bare arm. She fell asleep and when the nurses brought her tray I asked them to set it aside. Angel needed her sleep more than the food at the moment.

Dallas stuck her head in to tell me goodbye. I wanted to hug her, to thank her for being here. She had helped not only Angel through the labor, but me as well. She, like Emmie would have done if she had been here, had made sure I kept my shit straight. I'd always be indebted to her for this night. "Dallas..."

She shook her head. "Shut up. Don't you dare thank me, asshole. I love you guys. That's the only reason why I was here." With a wink she was out the door without another word.

Angel stirred and lifted her head. Her sleep-filled eyes took a moment to adjust and then she was glancing around. "Where's Nevaeh?"

"She's spending the night in the nursery so you can sleep, Angel." I stood and pushed the table with her meal on it to the bed. "Sandwiches, salad, and lots of milk and water. Eat up."

The few hours before dawn were all we had to ourselves over the next two days. Emmie and Nik arrived with Shane and Harper following soon after. My father and stepmother made an appearance, having driven up at Jenna's insistence. Natalie dropped by and Linc was with her. Through it all Angel had a huge smile on her face, but I could see the sadness in her whisky brown eyes.

We were missing a big chunk of our family who were still in California. Layla, Jesse, and Lucy hadn't been able to come out to New York. The twins were unfortunately still in the hospital. Thankfully they no longer had tubes and monitors attached to them, and Emmie had said that if the sleep apnea alarm didn't go off tonight then the twins would finally make it home the next day. That was great news, but Angel was still missing her sisters.

The morning that my girls were supposed to be released from the hospital, two detectives showed up. They questioned both Angel and me for two hours about Bethany and what had happened on Friday night. I didn't have much to offer. I'd taken two cold tablets during the show that night and fallen asleep not long after going backstage with everyone else. I'd been out pretty hard until the chick had started screaming in pain.

After they questioned us they filled us in on a few things themselves. Bethany really was a psycho. An obsessed psycho. They'd found an entire wall with pictures of me. Some of them had been from magazines, tabloids, and posters. Others had been pictures she had taken herself. She had been stalking me for over a year and I hadn't even known it. My having her fired as a stipulation for my returning to America's Rocker next season had pushed her over the edge. Not because she had lost her job, but because she wouldn't have been able to get as close to me as she was used to. The detectives suggested we file for a restraining order immediately.

"Am I in trouble?" my angel finally asked, looking more than a little worried as she set on the edge of the hospital bed.

They both shook their heads. "She wanted to file charges, Mrs. Stevenson... But someone convinced her that it was in her best interest to drop it."

"Who?" I asked, wondering if Emmie had been working her magic as usual.

"Cole Steel was at the police station around the same time as Miss Johnston, sir. He spoke with her for about ten minutes then she informed us that she wasn't going to be filing charges on your wife after all."

Angel gasped but didn't say a word as I showed the two men out. I watched from the doorway as they stepped onto the elevator down the hall before stepping back inside. She was biting her lip. "He paid her off."

I shrugged. "Most likely." It was what a father should do, something I would gladly do for Nevaeh should the situation ever arrive. No way would I let anything hurt her. "We can file for the restraining order tomorrow."

"He really does love me, huh?"

I wrapped her hair around my wrist and pulled her head back until our eyes met. "He'd be an idiot not to." I kissed the tip of her nose. "Ready to go home?"

"So ready, babe."

Epilogue

Shane

We were going to be late, but I had to make this stop.

Harper sat beside me in the front seat of the Ford Raptor that I had gotten a few weeks ago. Drake had turned me on to trucks and really I needed one if all things went as I was hoping they might in the next hour or so. When I pulled to a stop in front of the little farm house just outside of LA and I cut the engine, she frowned, glancing around us. "When you said we had to pick up a few things before the party I didn't think we would be driving out into the middle of nowhere."

I let my eyes eat her up. Since we had found out we wouldn't be able to have kids, Harper had been seriously depressed. A few times she had let old fears invade our lives and try to wedge us apart. That wasn't going to happen on my watch. I'd been talking to a few people about how she was handling everything and they had suggested giving her something else to love and cuddle since it wasn't going to be our child. It had taken me weeks, but I had finally found the perfect thing.

"I love you, beautiful." I reached for her seatbelt and unsnapped her before pulling her onto my lap. "You mean everything to me."

Her fingers combed through my hair. "I love you too. But that doesn't explain why we're here." She smiled. "I'm starting to worry for your sanity, babe."

I kissed her lips long and hard, leaving us both a little breathless before opening the door and pulling her out with me. It was quiet out here, really peaceful. Linking our fingers I led her toward the old farm house. As we stepped onto the first steps the screen door opened and a chubby little woman with short curly hair stepped outside. When she recognized me she grinned. "Good to see you, boy."

I inclined my head. "Ma'am. This is Harper," I introduced. "Are we all set?"

"Sure are." She nodded her head toward the door. "Come on, you two. We've been expecting you. The house has been full of excitement. He knows he's going home."

Harper resisted as I pulled her up the steps. "Shane... What's going on?" she whispered, but I didn't answer as I finally just picked her up and carried her into the house.

The inside of the house was just as old and well lived in as the outside was weather worn, but it was cozy and warm. Welcoming. I followed our hostess to the back of the house, having made the same journey just two weeks before, alone. By the time she opened the kitchen door Harper was getting irritated with me and was stabbing me in the chest with her finger to make me put her down.

"Here they are, Ranger. Momma and Daddy are here to take you home."

Harper's protests stopped as soon as the words left the old woman's mouth. Her head snapped around, looking for Ranger. When she saw him sitting on a bed by the stove, her breath caught and those violet eyes that had captivated me the first time I had met her filled with tears. Carefully I sat her on her feet as Ranger yawned and stretched before climbing to his feet.

The nine-week-old German Shepherd stepped forward and sniffed my feet, wagging his tail with excitement. I bent to pet him, letting him lick my face. "Hey there, buddy. Ready to go home?"

"Oh my gods," Harper whispered. "You got me a puppy?"

I grinned. "Well, only if you want him. He's house trained and pretty spoiled by Mrs. Hash. He's the last of her most recent litter. Mrs. Hash and her husband raise them, train them for law enforcement. She made an exception for me though when I told her we needed a baby to take care of." Her chin trembled and I caught her hand, tugging until she knelt down beside me. "What do you think? Should we take him home?"

Her arms wrapped around me so suddenly I fell backwards, taking her with me. "I love you. You know that? I love you so much. Yes, I want the puppy. I want Ranger."

Ranger seemed to decide he wanted us too because he joined us on the floor, licking first my face then Harper's as he tried to get between us. "Looks like we're a family."

Giggling, she pulled the dog against her and kissed his snout. "Yeah. I guess we are."

Jesse

There were some things you don't want to see first thing in the morning. Or right after breakfast. Or before lunch... Okay, fuck it. You don't want to see it any time of the day-especially when it was seeping out the sides of my twenty-four-pound, nine-month-old son's diaper. Oddly enough I hadn't gotten used to that smell or disgusting sight in the months I had been changing diapers.

Luca giggled up at me as I gagged and wiped his ass clean. "You are the smelliest boy I have ever met," I told him, and he reached for my shirt, fisting his little hand in the material and jabbering at it. "How does that much shit come out of something so small?"

Layla's laugh filled my ears as she entered the nursery with Lyric, having just finished feeding him his breakfast. "He's not so small, Jess. The doctor said that he's in the ninetieth percentile for his weight and height. No one can get over the fact that the twins were premature."

I glanced at her over my shoulder as she set Lyric on the second changing table and undid his diaper. When she made a sound that bordered on a gag of her own, I laughed. "Not so funny when it happens to you, is it?"

She tossed a bottle of baby powder at me. "Shut up. Seriously, Ric. Where do you keep this stuff?"

I watched her as she dealt with our son who was just as big as his twin. It surprised even me at times that these two beasts of babies had been born far too early. The day we had brought them home, after more than two months in the hospital, was one of the happiest days of my life. The joy on Layla's face alone that day had shined from the inside out.

"Gross, it smells so bad in here." Lucy stuck her head in the door, making a face at me when she saw that we were both changing extremely messy diapers. "You need those hazmat suits to deal with them."

"Hey," Layla scolded teasingly. "Not nice. These are your brothers, not toxic waste."

"They smell like they produce toxic waste, Mom. I can't breathe in here. I'm going over to Aunt Emmie's."

"We'll be over in a little while," Layla assured her. "Don't just sit around, either. Ask her if she needs any help. This party is something that she's been trying to get sorted for weeks now."

"Sure. Love you." She walked into the room, her shirt over her nose as she approached Lyric on the changing table. Seeing his sister, Lyric gave a happy squeal and reached for her. Lucy kissed the top of his head, covered in dark brownish red hair. "Love you, stinky." Walking over to me she did the same to Luca. "I don't know who smells worse, Luc. You or Lyric." He just giggled again.

When she started to turn away I caught hold of her hand and turned her to face me. To look at her right this minute all you would see was the happy girl, the mask she put on for everyone. She wasn't over the kidnapping and truthfully neither was I. Layla and I had finally put our foot down a few months ago and forced her to start seeing a therapist. I couldn't really tell if it was working, though. The nightmares were just as disturbing and most nights she either ended up in bed between me and Layla or I crawled into bed with her. I wanted to help her get over the monsters in her nightmares, but was helpless to do anything about them other than to hold her while she slept at night.

"Love you, Lu."

She grinned, an honest all the way to her eyes grin. "I love you too, Daddy."

Drake

The house was quiet when we arrived. With Nevaeh in my arms and Angel beside me carrying the diaper bag and two pies, we walked through the house and out onto the patio. The place was crowded already and I grinned, thinking that today was going to be better than Emmie had ever imagined.

Nik was sitting down in a lounger, letting people come to him instead of him going to them. He had his two-month-old son in his arms and didn't look like he was going to relinquish hold on Jagger any time soon. I couldn't blame him. I felt just as territorial over Nevaeh.

Mia sat at the end of the lounger, ever the proud big sister. Letting people know quick that if they touched her new baby brother the wrong way she would be dealing out the punishments-normally a kick to the shins to whoever had made Jagger cry. When she spotted me, however, she gave up her guard post and ran over. "Uncle Drake! I missed you."

I lifted her into my free arm and kissed the top of her red head. Nevaeh reached forward, touching Mia's face and giggling. Mia kissed the baby's hand. "Hi, Nevie. I really like your dress. It's so pretty."

"Where's your momma, Mia?" Angel asked, glancing around at the crowd. "I don't see her?"

"She's in her office with Rachel and Felicity." Mia wiggled and I set her down. "Luca! Luca!"

My head turned to find Jesse chasing after his oldest son as he crawled toward the pool. "Gods, that boy is a handful." I grinned. "And to think, that's your cousin, Nevaeh. You actually share DNA with that kid."

Angel elbowed me in the ribs, but she was grinning. "I'm going to find Layla and see if she needs any help with Lyric."

"So you're offering to help her with the good baby, not the trouble-making one?" She narrowed her eyes at me, but she couldn't really dispute that statement. Lyric really was the good twin so far. He rarely cried, hardly got into trouble and when he did it was usually instigated by his brother. Nine-month-old hooligan that he was.

"Like Nevaeh is little miss perfect." Jesse snorted coming up beside us with Luca firmly in his arms. He was grinning like a proud papa bear. "She's got you so twisted around her little finger that you don't see just how horrible she really is."

I grunted. "Yeah, because she's off stealing, murdering, and shit."

"Dude, she bit Luca the last time she was at our house."

"Only after the little runt pushed her down while she was trying to pull herself up." While we bantered, Nevaeh showed her obvious disgust with her older cousin by reaching forward and hugging him. Luca met her halfway, loving on her just as hard as she was loving on him.

Someone produced a glass of iced tea for us and I stood laughing with my friend and brother-in-law as we watched everyone else around us. I spotted Lucy sitting at a table with Harris and Jenna. She looked happy, but wondered if she really was hiding behind the mask Lana had said she had adopted to make the adults around her merely think she was okay.

The members of OtherWorld were walking around, all with iced tea or soft drinks in their hands. You would never find a drop of alcohol at one of Emmie's parties. Not only was it because of the kids who ran around, but for my benefit too. I was thankful for that, but really it wasn't a problem for me if other people were drinking. I'd been to parties where there was beer and even harder stuff flowing like water, and although there had been cravings, I'd been able to curb them. The simple thought of Angel and Nevaeh were enough to keep my hands steady.

Around us everyone was starting to grow quiet and I turned my head to find Emmie standing by the sliding doors of the house. She had a huge grin on her face and her happiness was so infectious that I couldn't help but grin back. She's been working so hard and this party was just proof of how much she had achieved over the last six months or so.

Emmie

My heart was in my throat as I stood in front of all my friends, family, and employees. I'd never thought that life could be as perfect as it was right at this moment, but it was and I was going to soak it all up for as long as I possibly could.

I let my eyes roam around my back yard, taking in the sight of my husband holding our son. That right there was the sweetest sight in the world to me and would never grow old. Jagger might have been another surprise baby, but he was no less loved. From the moment I had felt him kick inside of me I had known he was going to twist my heart like a pretzel, which he had the moment he had opened his blue eyes and smiled right at me.

The world was going to know exactly what a momma's boy looked like, because even at two months old he was already spoiled to the point of rottenness. I was his favorite person in the world and Nik had to fight for his attention most days. I didn't mind sharing him though, just as Nik didn't mind sharing Mia's adoration with me.

A squirming baby caught my attention and I turned my gaze on Jesse who was struggling to hold onto his beast of a son. I figured he was holding Luca simply because he was the one who could control that twin better than his mother. I had joked while Layla was pregnant that if she had boys I was going to make Lyric my favorite, and while I loved my Ric to pieces, Luca was so much like his father I couldn't help but feel a little more drawn to him.

Beside him stood Drake who was holding his own slice of heaven. To me, Mia would always be the most beautiful little girl on the planet, but Nevaeh was definitely second runner up. Long, thick black hair, blue-gray eyes and the most angelic little face I had ever seen. The happiness I saw in Drake's eyes made me love the little girl twice as much. There were no more shadows in his eyes, not even the ones that had lingered after he had married Lana. With one precious little bundle he had been made whole.

Shane sat with Harper on a lounger and the squirming bundle of fur on her lap made me sigh. He had told me he was getting her a dog, but I had thought it would be a Shorkie or something equally as small and adorable. Not something that would grow to be as big as Harper was. But she seemed completely in love with the wiggling puppy, her smile a better sight than the sadness I had seen there for the last few months.

OtherWorld was spread around the patio along with Rachel, Natalie, and the newest addition to my staff, Felicity. I'd found Felicity in May, just a few weeks before Jagger had made his calm, well-planned entrance into the world.

I knew of her past, knew where she had come from and grown up around. That really hadn't bothered me. If anything, when I had done the background check on her through Seller's security company her experience with hardcore, badass men had been something to tip the scales in her favor. Her degree in early childhood education along with growing up around a motorcycle club might not make her the perfect candidate for nanny to some people, but to me she was fucking perfect. It meant she wasn't going to take shit off of anyone-which she had already proved by putting three rockers in their places after they had hit on her.

Felicity worked hard. Mia and the other kids adored her, making my life so much easier when it came to work. I didn't feel guilty anymore for having to ask for help, because I knew that my kids were lucky to have someone like Felicity in their lives.

It was because of Felicity that I was going to be able to move forward with the career I had accidently stepped into by becoming not only Demon's Wings manager but also taking on OtherWorld and now two other bands. The bands, Trance and Alchemy, were just starting out. They had been doing the whole bar scene for the last two years when Nik had discovered Trance. It had been Devlin who had turned my attention to Alchemy. And while I was working on getting them both a record deal, they would be touring with OtherWorld as their opening acts.

That was what today was about. This party was to celebrate all of those accomplishments and welcome the two bands into our lives officially.

Nik stood, still holding Jagger against his chest and came to stand beside me. He kissed my lips softly before whispering against my ear. "So fucking proud of you, baby girl."

I couldn't hide my shiver of pure, raw desire and didn't even try. "I love you."

"I love you too." He kissed me again then took a step back. This particular show was mine.

"I'd like to thank everyone for coming today. It's been a crazy six months, but we can finally welcome Trance and Alchemy on board to E Management."

Axton let out a loud whoop and everyone started clapping. Yeah, I thought, as I stood there with everyone that mattered in my life. Everything was perfect right now.

