CHAPTER 1

HOLLY

We've been creeping along the parkway much slower than usual, because of the snow. It falls from the sky in big chunks and sticks to the windshield of my old car, blinding me. The wipers don't seem to think that seeing is important. They swish slowly, smearing the melting snow back and forth, barely clearing the haze before another coating of white clings to the glass. My heart is racing and it has nothing to do with the weather.

This is a bad idea. My stomach churns like I ate a glass sandwich and I grip the steering wheel tighter. "What if Ryan's there?" I glance at my best friend. Everything about her is small and compact, except for her attitude and huge hair.

Mandy gives me a look that says I should hope dream boy is there tonight. She taps the window with her finger, and looks out at the snowy road. "What if you talked? I mean, would it be so bad? You know how I feel about Matt, and sometimes I think that it wouldn't be so bad if we talked. It's better than neither of you saying anything forever, right? And it might make things take whatever course they're going to take. Why delay the inevitable?" I glance at her out of the corner of my eye. Mandy's my best friend and has been since middle school, but she doesn't understand.

It's Ryan Darcy. It's like this-if there is one guy that you really want, but know you should never have-it's Ryan. The guy has had me dreaming about him since we were fifteen. He'd flash me a smile and say something witty. I'd flirt back, but it could never go anywhere, not with him. I'm all heart and he's all testosterone, looking to boink the next girl with a curvy body. At the same time, we have a connection-at least I think we do-I feel it when we talk. I'm just drawn to him. Whenever I'm around him, I have to constantly remind myself that it's all part of the game, that I'm just another piece of ass, which is hard because it feels real. I want it to be real, but that'll never happen. It's not who he is. And just being around him will screw with my brain for the rest of winter break. I'll wonder if the things he says are genuine or just another shot at my panties.

I shake my head. "Mandy, no. Please, please do this for me. If you see him talking to me, just come interrupt and pull me away. Otherwise my brain will melt and I'll do something stupid."

I know exactly what I'll do. Ryan is too hot to ignore. His eyes have a way of sweeping over my body that makes me feel like I'm nak*d. And that's not the worst of it. That connection I feel around him is toxic, making me gulp him in until I'm reeling. For some unholy reason, the guy can see right through me, like Ryan knows everything I think just by glancing at my eyes. It scares the hell out of me. He could turn me inside out and leave me slobbering on myself, if the mood strikes him. I'm not up for that, not now.

It's five days before Christmas and I feel like an emotional lunatic. I have no boyfriend, no presents, and no clothes since the airline lost my luggage. I'm wearing the only thing I had in my closet, which was supposed to be for a New Year's party that I'm not even going to since my loser boyfriend cheated on me while I was at college. Long distance relationships don't work. Real life experience taught me that. Anyway, I got the New Year's Eve tickets to some swank place on Vet's Highway before I left this summer. Things didn't turn out the way I hoped. Now, I have no desire to hang out with a bunch of happy couples waiting to kiss. And random slobber doesn't turn me on, but Ryan does. If he comes near me, I know I'll cave in and do something stupid. I feel too strung out, like my string is going to snap and pop me in the face. I can't take another heart break, not now.

"So, there's no way you want things to end where you two are together?" Mandy sounds like she doesn't believe me.

I shake my head. "He's the wrong guy for me. Ryan's the love 'em and leave 'em type. He won't spontaneously convert into boyfriend material. He'll rip my heart out, Mandy."

I stare at the gobs of white flakes as they race toward me in the inky night. There aren't many cars out. We're the only idiots who'd drive in toward the city tonight to see a no-name band. It's an easy way to see everyone from high school. I've been gone for five months at college in Texas. I arrived in New York this morning and by this evening Mandy had me dressed to kill and in my Dad's commuter car (a.k.a The Beast) driving west, straight into the snow. When Mandy invited me to this gig, it seemed like a good idea. A few of our friends are in the band, while others we know will be there to cheer them on. It's the first time I've been home since leaving Long Island at the end of the summer. It's the first time that there's a possibility of seeing Ryan again. I don't know if I can bear it.

Ryan's the kind of guy that makes a great friend, but doing anything more would be suicide, mainly because of his roving lips. He doesn't pick a girl and stay with her long. Ryan leaves a trail of jilted blondes in his wake. Even so, knowing that isn't enough to deter my mind from thoughts of kissing him until my lips are chapped. The guy rots my brain. He's like crack, addicting and deadly. My heart wouldn't be able to take it if something happened between us. I need Ryan to stay in the friend zone, friend with a capital F.

Mandy seems to catch my mood, that I'm not changing my mind about this. She nods confidently. "If that's what you want, then I'm your wingman. He won't talk to you. I'll drag you away before he's got a chance to say anything."

She smiles at me and my I'm-gonna-puke-level drops back to normal. Maybe tonight won't suck after all.

The guys are playing at this tiny Irish bar across from their University. The college campus is across the street, glistening white with the newly fallen snow. When we step inside, the place is packed. The house lights are down by the time we arrive and the band is already playing. Mandy and I grab seats at a tiny table toward the back of the room. There was a RESERVED sign on it with her name. If it wasn't there, we'd have no place to sit. The place is crawling with twenty-somethings. I sit down opposite Mandy. A partition blocks my view of half the band, but I can still see if I lean forward. I glance around trying to see if Ryan is here, but I don't see him. Scanning the crowd, I see a few friends that I've been looking forward to talking to and then settle back into my chair.

Ryan doesn't come. His best friend Greg isn't here, either. My heart stops pounding and I feel my nerves melt like a snowman in sauna. I finally relax.

They continue to play and I actually get to enjoy it. I watch the musicians on stage and recognize Matt and Luke from high school. Matt is singing and has gotten so much better than the last time I saw him. He's insanely good. His voice, plus his stage presence, is larger than life. I whisper as much to Mandy and she nods at me in agreement.

When they stop playing, the bar fills with applause. We all stand and the band bows, saying that they are going to take five, and the house lights come up.

She leans in to me, "Hole-E-Crap. I had no idea Matt had that in him." Her eyes have that look she usually has around Matt. She loves him and he has no idea. I don't know how he can't tell. Or maybe he can and doesn't want to hurt her. Matt's a great guy. He puts others before himself, he always has.

"Me neither," I reply candidly, still clapping. "Wow. Just wow."

Mandy, stops clapping and moves to the stage right as the applause dies down. "I'm going to go talk to him."

I smile sadly. This will drive her insane for months, and yet, I can't tell her no. "I'll be here."

I smooth my black dress and look down at my dark boots. The heels are killing me, but I stand for a moment, mostly because everyone else is. I'm smiling, and see a friendly face when I glance up. It's Katie. She graduated a year ahead of me, and I hardly see her anymore. She waves at me and I wave back. She holds up a finger to me, saying she'll be over in a second. I nod and glance around the room.

The same thing happens with a few other friends. They all have new lives, new friends, and are chatting. I stay where I am, at the back of the bar, and see Mandy walk up onto the stage and head toward Matt, who is surrounded by people. Mandy has no fear. She glances at me, before shouldering her way through the crowd, and grins. Her fingers do a girlie wave, where they bend one at a time, and then she turns to Matt and starts talking. What was that about? I look around, but I have no clue.

I'm about to sit back down, when I feel eyes on the side of my face. The hairs on my neck prickle and my heart clenches. It's like my body senses him before I even see him. Turning slowly, I lift my gaze and my eyes lock with Ryan's. I feel lost, like I'm falling into an abyss. It consumes me whole. It's like there is no one else in the room, no one between us. At first he seems surprised to see me, but then something changes. His eyes sweep over me quickly, soaking in my thinner body and the tighter clothes. He walks toward me with that boyish swagger and crooked grin.

CHAPTER 2

RYAN

Going to hear a college band play on Friday nights has became a habit. I pile in a car with a group of guys. We hang out at the bar until we're thrown out at close. Tonight, we're late. The guys pour through a side door and slip into the seats along the far back wall. It's shitty seating, but it's not like we're there to ogle the band.

A prickling sensation slides up my spine. I look around the bar to see what caused it. Nothing's different than usual. The place is packed with the normal crowd, plus a few new faces. I don't feel eyes on me. It was more like a premonition that something was about to happen.

I lean back in my seat and listen, chatting to the guys and ordering the normal assortment of greasy bar food. My mind keeps drifting to my ex-girlfriend and wondering how another relationship crumbled into dust. The girl was perky with perfectly straight platinum hair that fell to her shoulders with big blue eyes. Without warning, my mind shifts to Holly Connelly. I can still picture her in my mind, even though it's been nearly five months since I saw her last.

She disappeared without a word. It stung much more than I thought it would have, not that she had to tell me. We were friends, sort of. I liked talking to her when she was around, and stuff never got past that. Holly was the girl I wanted back in high school, but things never worked out that way. When I was dating someone, she was free. When I broke up, then Holly was dating someone. It was like fate kept us apart. All this time, Holly was burned into my brain. I had no idea how much I wanted her, until she was gone.

Life sucks like that. As soon as I wake up enough to realize what I want, it slips between my fingers. I press my knuckles to my temple and rub. Stop thinking about her. She's not coming back and it's not like I can call her. I don't even have her number.

Greg leans over to me, "Stop it." He knows I'm thinking about her, how hung up I am. I keep trying to move on, but I can't. Greg's known me too long. He can catch my mood without a damn word. Sometimes it's good, but most of the time it feels like an invasion.

"What?" I whisper, dropping my hand from my face and looking at him like he's wrong.

He hisses, "You're thinking about her. Stop it." Greg doesn't say anything about it again.

The kid on stage, Matt, is rocking his solos. When they finish for the night, we all stand and clap. I start to look around to see who else is here now that the lights are brighter. Several of the girls from the high school drive out every week, including Mandy.

I'm glancing across the aisle when I see Mandy twisting her way through the crowd and heading straight for the stage. I smile. She has a thing for Matt, but Matt seems to have no clue. I continue to turn, looking to see who Mandy came with this time. My breath catches in my throat. Glee and dread crash into each other inside my chest.

Holly.

She's at a table in the back and alone. I know what Greg will say if he sees me talking to her, but I don't care. Holly can screw with my brain, and any other part of me that she wants. I'd throw myself at her feet if she'd have me, but she doesn't think of me that way. I've been stuck in the friend zone for three long years.

I rise and weave my way to the side of the bar, trying to stay out of sight. I move between people, my eyes staying glued to her the entire time. My God, she looks gorgeous. When I first met her, she was fifteen and cute. Now she's nearly nineteen-her birthday is on Christmas Eve-and she's a goddess. Her long dark hair hangs in waves that reach to her waist. She's wearing a black dress that clings to her curves, showing off her narrow waist, and perfect hips. She's watching Mandy and doesn't see me, not yet. I move toward her, like a panther ready to pounce. I wonder what to say, if I can act calm and not drool on her too much.

I bob and weave between people and walk up beside her. Remaining at a distance, I lower my head and let my hair fall in my eyes. She's a few feet away. Only a hand full of people are between us. Slipping my hands in my pockets, I wonder how stupid this is. Holly gets to me like no one else, but I can't ignore her. I lift my gaze and look at her. My heart pounds harder. Determination floods through me. This might be the last chance I have to talk to her.

As if she can sense my gaze, Holly lifts her head and turns. Her brown eyes search through the crowd and stop when she sees me. Her pink lips part slightly, like she didn't expect to see me.

I move toward her. I won't talk long, just long enough to hear her voice, to see her face again.

CHAPTER 3

HOLLY

Ryan walks across the room until he stops in front of me. "Holly," he breathes my name. "I didn't think you'd be here tonight."

Everything about him is appealing and makes me think of his skin sliding against mine, slick and hot. I'm still standing. I don't know what to do with my hands. I wiggle my fingers, nervously, and look past him. I nod, half smiling, not really listening. Panicking. Where is Mandy? "Mandy wanted to come."

Ryan nods and speaks. His voice washes over me in a hot wave that makes my insides twist and my knees buckle. I lift my hands from the table in front of me, worried that he'll notice that I'm shaking. I fold my arms over my chest to conceal it. Ryan's blue gaze drifts to my arms, taking in the sweep of my br**sts as they are pushed up. I refuse to move. Mandy will save me. This conversation won't happen. I keep telling myself that as he talks to me, as Ryan manages to get hold of my hands, as he makes me melt with each passing moment.

"I can't believe you're here. It's been so long and I didn't think that-"

Ryan's friends have been shooting him impatient looks. One of them finally calls out, "Ry! Come on!" Ryan turns and looks back at them, saying, "Yeah, give me a sec."

"You better go," I say. It comes out way too breathy.

My skin prickles when he looks at me. Ryan's gaze drifts from my eyes to my lips and back again. His hands are holding mine on top of the table, his thumbs stroking the back of my palm. My heart is pounding in my ears and all I can think is that this is going to mess with me so bad. The entire break and probably three months after, I'm going be analyzing everything he said, everything he did. He's everything I want, and nothing I can have.

I can't take it anymore. I look up on stage and Mandy's eyes meet mine. She sees me talking to Ryan and gives me a weak smile. My eyes widen a little as I realize that she's already seen Ryan standing here, and didn't save me like she said she would. A flash of anger blasts through me. Mandy may mean well, but this was so not cool.

Ryan smiles softly, his dark lashes lowering to the floor. When he glances up at me, my heart stops. "They can wait. I see them every day. I haven't seen you in months. You look beautiful, Holly." His eyes move slowly up my body, starting at my hips, taking in the curves to the small of my waist, and then drifting slowly up to the swell of my br**sts, and finally meeting my gaze.

There's no air in the room. Someone stole it all.

I stand there, eyes locked with his, completely brainless. I'm all pheromones and lust. If another guy did that, I would have punched him, but when Ryan does it, it makes me want more. His hands slip up my forearms and before I know it, he pulls me into a hug. Our shoulders brush together, but one of the seats gets between us. That's the only thing keeping the rest of our bodies apart. He brushes a light kiss against my cheek. When I pull away his eyes are burning like blue flames. He wants me. I feel it coursing through my body, but I can't.

"Thanks," I whisper and look up at him.

I'm about to say that I need to go when his friends all start in on him in unison. Somehow, after that hug, my hands have drifted to his and I'm holding his forearm, feeling the muscle beneath his shirt. My touch is light, as I run my finger back and forth on the back side of his wrist, under the cuff, feeling his smooth skin.

Ryan stands there, his eyes glued to mine like he's in a trance. His lips part like he's going to say something, but they call him again. "I better go," he finally says, and looks down at my hand. When his gaze lifts back up to my face, I don't know what to do.

So I nod, and say, "Okay."

They shout his name now, but Ryan just stands there, staring at me. I arch an eyebrow at him and tilt my head. I release Ryan's hands and he steps back from me, his gaze resting on my h*ps for a moment. "I'm glad I saw you again." When he looks back up at me, I can't breathe. "Do you want to get out of here?" Did he mean what I think he means?

I don't want to smile. I fight it, but the right corner of my lips goes up without my consent. My brain is yelling, Hell no!, but my body thinks it's a smashingly good idea. I find myself shaking my head slowly, "I can't. I came with Mandy." Thank God for that. An excuse that isn't flimsy. I'm her ride home.

His gaze is so hot that I can't stand it, but I don't want to look away either. "You drove her here?"

I nod. "Yeah." Ryan nods his head gently, like he's moving in slow motion. His lips part, but before he can speak, Mandy is behind me.

She throws her arm around my shoulder and pinches my waist. I snap out of my lust-induced trace. "Hey, Ry," she says, barely looking at Ryan. Her gaze turns back to me. "Doesn't Holly look amazing? Apparently, that college out in the sticks agrees with her." She grins at me and says, "I'm going to take off with Matt, is that okay?" Her expression is apologetic. Mandy mouths I'm sorry since her back is to Ryan.

I want to say, Hell no, but I say, rather politely, "Yeah, that's fine. Go ahead. Have fun."

Mandy asks, "You sure? We came together. I don't want you to think I asked you to drive me all the way in here and then ditched you. Plus, the snow is bad. I don't want you driving back by yourself." I hear her talking herself out of her night with Matt. "Nah, forget it. I'll just tell him I need to go back with you."

She turns to leave when Ryan says to Mandy, "I'll ride with Holly. You go on with Matt."

"Really?" Mandy turns to me, practically begging me to say yes with that look on her face. Although I've known Ryan for years, we've never hung out alone. Ever. This is beyond weird. I'm stuck. If I say no, I look like an ass. If I say yes, I'll be alone with Ryan. Shit. I'll kill Mandy later. She screwed me twice in one night. I nod that it's okay. "Are you sure?" she asks me, like I can honestly tell her now.

No, I want to strangle you, I think. But I say, "Yeah. His parent's house is pretty close to mine. Go on. Have fun." I smile at her, and Mandy perks up and totally ignores my death stare. She says bounds toward Matt like a Chihuahua jacked up on Pixie Stix.

When I look back at Ryan, my heart is beating harder. Ryan isn't watching her, he's watching me. He pushes his dark hair out of his eyes. "Well, that worked out. Let me go tell the guys that they can go on without me." I nod and watch his lean body walk away, taking in the broad sweep of his shoulders and his rock hard body beneath that tee shirt. It clings to him, showcasing every chiseled curve of muscle. Several female faces turn to watch him as he walks by.

Ugh! Ripping my eyes away, I finally slip down into the seat. My heart is beating, thumping along like a flat tire. I feel so off balance. The last time I saw him, the same thing happened, but the situation never ended with us leaving together. I love being around him, but it's terrifying. It's easy to forget how he is because he makes me feel like I'm the only woman who matters. The thing is, Ryan does that with every woman he's with. I'm nothing special. Not to him.

I glance at Ryan's back and see him hushing his friends, telling the group to go on without him. I hear a few choice words that make me cringe and wonder what I'm doing. A few minutes later, Ryan's friends are leaving, shaking their heads like Ryan is an idiot. He ignores them and walks back to me with a sexy smile on his face. Each stride falls in step with my heart beat. It feels surreal. It feels like magic. Something inside my chest swells and pushes back my fear.

Truth be told, Ryan scares the hell out of me. There are a few people that really get me, that understand how I think and what I mean. Ryan is one of them, and he's intuitive, too. It's like he can crawl around inside my head and learn every little thing about me. If I spend much time with him, I'll have no secrets. I'll be totally exposed, and Ryan will notice how insanely smitten with him I truly am.

I swallow hard, as Ryan takes the seat next to me. When his arm brushes against mine, I nearly jump out of my skin. "Well," he speaks like he has no clue the effect he has on me, "they're gone. It's just me and you, now. Do you really want to go straight home?"

"Yeah, the weather kind of sucks." I look at his hands and wonder what they'd feel like pressed against my thigh. Stop it. Focus. I scold myself. This is playing with fire, and I'm not a pyro. I'll get burnt up for thinking thoughts like that.

He watches my lips move, and then looks at me out of the corner of his eye. "Sounds good," he stands and I follow him out of the bar. I get a few stares for leaving with Ryan, but we were friends before I left for college. We can be friends now. I can handle this. Maybe.

When we step outside, the temperature has dropped and the large white flakes have turned into tiny ice shards. They fall from the sky and sting my skin when they land. I shiver and fold my arms across my chest. My dress has no sleeves and I have no jacket. My keys are in my hand, with my wallet attached to the key ring. I'm a no purse kind of girl. I shiver and walk faster, which makes my dress swish at my thighs. It forces cold air up between my legs. Before we are three steps away from the building, I feel Ryan's leather jacket settle on my shoulders. It's still warm.

I look over at him and say, "No, I'm fine," trying to give it back.

"Keep it, you lunatic. You don't have a coat in the car either, do you?" He smiles at me. Tiny snow crystals cling to his dark hair. Ryan seems to forget himself and gazes at me for a moment.

I keep the jacket over my shoulders and shake my head. "I forgot. I showed up at the airport the other night in flip flops and a tee shirt. No jacket. No socks. I totally forgot about the weather, and it's warm down there. I was so excited about coming home that I forgot about the snow. I'll remember next time. Walking through slush in sandals isn't something I want to do again." I cringe, thinking about the black sludge from the pavement sloshing between my toes. Gross doesn't even begin to describe that nasty stuff.

"So, after all those years of wearing straw hats, it turns out that you really are a country girl at heart." He smiles at me. "Because I was really worried someone would kick your ass in high school. I mean, you were wearing a farmer's hat in New York, and I don't know if you realize this yet, but we kinda live in the hood."

I snort laugh, and cover my mouth with my fingers. "Yeah, figured that out. When I first got to college, I thought the random people making small talk were trying to steal stuff." I laugh. "Apparently there are places that are just friendly."

"Mmmm," he says, grinning at me. "I suppose so. It probably doesn't hurt that you're hot, either. I think you could steal my jacket right now without really trying."

I smirk at him. I don't know how to respond. A girlish voice inside my head is squealing, OMG! He thinks I'm hot! I let her do the happy dance inside my brain until we reach my parking spot.

We stop in front of the car and I walk to the door to unlock it. Ryan's jaw drops. "Holy crap. Are you seriously driving this thing?" My beast of a car is an old Caprice. It's so big it doesn't fit in the parking spaces. Plus it guzzles gas like a drunk monkey. The only people who drive this thing are either cops or mobsters. I actually have a shovel and duct tape in the back, but it's because it's snowing.

I nod and pull the door open and hit the unlock button. "Shut up," I say laughing. "Get in before I throw you in the trunk with the last guy who pissed me off."

"You gonna whack me, Connelly?"

"Maybe," I grin and waggle my eyebrows at him. "Get in."

I thought we were going home. I thought we'd chat and catch up along the way, and maybe share a goodnight kiss.

I've never been more wrong about anything in my life.

______

Ryan clicks his seat belt and leans back in the passenger seat. My heart is beating in my chest, freaking out like an animal trapped in a cage. I wonder if Ryan can hear it. It slams into my ribs and makes my throat tighten. I have a death grip on the steering wheel and we pull out of the parking lot. The snow is thinning. I'm starving and a cup of coffee before driving back sounds good.

I glance at Ryan out of the corner of my eye. "So, want to find a diner around here before we head home?" I ask. I reach for the heater, making sure it's pushed all the way into the red. I'm still freezing. Ryan has got to be an ice cube by now, but he doesn't shiver the way I do. He sits there, leaning back in the seat with a slight grin on his face.

Ryan looks at me, "Awh, are you asking me out, Connelly?"

"You wish," I laugh.

He points to the traffic light ahead and grins at me. "There's a diner around that corner. Turn left at the light."

My car hates me, but it hates snow more. It fishtails as I turn the corner, but I maintain control. Ryan stiffens in his seat. I manage to maneuver the beast through the narrow lanes. When I pull out onto the main road in front of the university, Ryan tells me where to go. I make a few turns, and pull into a parking space. We get out, hurrying across the slick pavement.

The wind is icy cold and catches my hair, whipping it into Ryan's face. I yank it back as he sputters, pushing it out of his mouth. "Mmmm. Fruity," he smiles at me.

I laugh and don't watch where I'm going. I step onto a sheet of ice and my heel doesn't grip. The boots look awesome, but they don't provide a lick of traction. I try to correct my step, but my feet fly out from under me and I slip forward. Ryan reaches for me as he cuts me off, stepping in front of my falling body. I crash into his arms, making him stagger a little bit. He chuckles, and tucks a crazy curl behind my ear. My face is inches from his. His breath is so warm. It slips across my lips and it's all I can do to stand there and not kiss him.

"No ice skating, not tonight." His voice is deep. His sapphire eyes lock with mine. My body tingles, but it has nothing to do with the cold. His breath slips across my lips and I blink slowly.

The world around us fades away. When his hands are on me, I can't think. My mind betrays me and lets my body lead, and my body wants him. I lean into him a little more, my chest brushing his as I right myself. Neither of us lets go. Ryan leans closer to me, his lips a breath from mine when a pair of headlights shine on us. He smiles softly, takes my hand and helps me get to the door without falling on my ass.

Ryan holds the door open for me, and I walk inside. The heater is cranking and a wave of hot hair washes over us. I sigh and feel my shoulders drop, some of the tension fading away. The diner is typical, and dressed to the nines for the holidays. Silver and red garland is strung all over the ceiling. Stockings with the names of employees in glitter line the back of hostess station. An inflatable Frosty flanks the entry way, waving at us with a big red mitten. Holiday music plays from speakers hidden out of sight.

The waitress seats us and we order. When she leaves, Ryan says, "So."

"So."

He looks like he wants to say something. His eyes change, the expression on his face hardens a little, but he conceals it with a smile. "So, I heard you went to Texas?"

I nod. "Yeah. I thought it was a good idea. Starting over and all that."

He nods slowly, "I thought you were going to state with the rest of us. I didn't realize that you... ran off."

"I didn't run." I squirm a little. He knows me too well. I ran like a dog with my tail between my legs. I ran two thousand miles away and didn't stop whimpering until I got there. Between my dysfunctional family and a horrible break up with the biggest ass I've ever dated, I wanted to wipe the slate and just start over. "It was the best choice for me."

"Really?" He tilts his head, and folds his hands, placing them under his chin. "Do they have a kick ass art program?"

"It's good enough-"

He interrupts, "What about music?"

"It's okay. I didn't want to be a-"

Ryan watches me, his blue eyes slipping over my face, my hands, my lips and taking in every little detail. He leans back, confident, irritatingly so. "That's all you ever wanted to do. Art and music, and you chose some school that doesn't excel at either." I start to defend my choice, but he holds up a finger, stopping me. "I'm not an idiot. Musicians don't run off to Texas unless they play the banjo, so what's up with you? And don't give me the Dixie chick line, that the South suits you. You loved it here, so what the hell happened?"

My stomach fills with ice as he speaks. Suddenly I'm sitting ram-rod straight in the booth. He's right of course. I do love it here, but I wanted to move on. I couldn't do it here. I wanted to steer him away from the truth, but there was something in his eyes that told me I couldn't. "I thought I'd go to school in the city."

"Yeah," he interrupts, "that was the last thing I heard."

"But something happened. They lost my papers and I didn't want to wait to start college, so I went to my backup school." He gives me a look and I correct myself. "Okay, I went to the backup for my backup school. I'd already turned everyone else down, except this place. And it's not a bad school. I like it there. I'm happy for once, Darcy. Be happy for me."

Ryan looks at me, his blue eyes piercing through me. "You could have told me." His gaze drops to the table. Before I have a chance to reply, the waiter sets down the coffee and hot cocoa.

I grab my cocoa. Ryan pushes the cream toward me, knowing I'll want it. I pour it in, and stir. My voice is too quiet when I speak. It doesn't want to come out. "I didn't really tell anyone. Besides, I didn't realize that you wanted to know."

Ryan makes an annoyed sound and looks away. He leans back in the booth and runs his fingers through his hair. I watch as the tips curl slightly as his hand passes through his thick, dark hair. The snow made it damp. I wonder what it feels like. I picture myself touching it, running it through my fingers as I sit on his lap. Yeah, that'll never happen.

"I don't understand you," he finally says.

"What do you mean?"

The way he looks at me makes my heart slide up into my throat. I can't speak. "Holly, if you don't want to be here, just say so." He moves, like he's going to leave.

I panic. I grab his hand, pressing it to the table. He looks down at the contact, and then his gaze lifts to mine. He freezes. "That's not it. Please, just sit." I keep my hand on his until he's in his seat again. Reluctantly, I pull it away.

"Then, what's with you? When I saw you tonight, I nearly died of shock. I thought you weren't ever coming back."

"Things with..." I don't want to say his name, but Ryan knows who I mean, "things didn't end well. I wasn't exactly looking to tell people that I couldn't get over him, you know? I didn't want the pity looks from all our friends. So, I left. I didn't tell anyone. Mandy called me a few days later and flipped out when I told her I was in Texas." I shrug, like it doesn't matter-who would miss me?-and glance up at him. "I didn't want to have a repeat of that phone call, so I didn't tell anyone else. We're friends, right? We always have been..." Right? Something inside me wants him to say, no we aren't, kiss me.

Ryan blinks slowly and nods. "Yeah, friends. From now on, after you break up with a total dick, would you mind telling me where you run off to?"

The corner of my mouth pulls up. "I don't plan on dating more dicks."

He laughs and his beautiful face lights up. "If that were only possible."

"Shut up," I push his wrist and he shakes his head.

"So, when do you go back?"

"Beginning of January, New Year's Day actually. I signed up for a short course."

He nods slowly, sipping his coffee. I watch him press the mug to his lips, taking in how he holds the mug in his hands. I wonder if he holds his lovers like that, so gently, and those lips... A shiver runs through me. He notices. "You cold?" I shake my head. He grins at me and leans forward. "You were thinking something naughty." My cheeks flame red as my eyes go wide. Fricken! How does he do that! His foot rubs against mine under the table. "It must have been good for you to turn cherry red. So, come on. Share."

I pull my foot back and hiss at him, still blushing madly. "It was nothing."

"Nothing wouldn't make your face burn, Connelly. Come on, spill." Ryan's grinning now and I know he won't let it go.

I need a lie. I need to come up with something, but I've got nothing. His blue eyes are locked on my face. I feel them burning a hole, waiting for me to look up. Ryan's hand reaches across the table and lays on top of mine. He rubs his thumb over the back of my hand in slow circles. My heart nearly explodes. Between that devastatingly evil smirk on his face, and the light touch of his fingers, my entire body is rebelling.

My brain says we should just tell him.

My heart thinks we should just tell him.

My body thinks we should just take the syrup over there, pour it over his sexy body, and lick him.

I salivate, and blink at him. God, does he know how crazy I am? "Nothing, I swear." I lie. I suck at lying. "The door opened and cold air crept up my legs, okay? I blushed because I was thinking that if I wore tights, that wouldn't have happened."

He glances under the table at my boots and then around the edge at my thighs. The dress sits mid-thigh when I stand, and it's a little short when I sit. I flush again, and kick him. Ryan grins at me. "You are wearing tights."

"They're thigh highs. And thanks for asking about my lingerie." I see his expression change and questions fill his eyes. I head them off by saying, "Yes, I'm wearing a garter belt. Yes, they're attached, so stop asking."

His jaw drops. Ryan stares at me like he's never seen me before. Those blue eyes seem so soft, so seductive. I don't realize what I've done until he starts talking. "Are you trying to kill me? A guy only has so much self-control, Holly, and holy shit," he breathes hard, pushing his hair out of his eyes with both hands, "you're testing the hell out of mine." He looks at me like I should take it back, but I don't know what I've done wrong.

We used to talk about anything and everything. Tights are not sexy and the top made a tummy roll under this dress. I chose the thigh highs without thinking about it. They always slide down, so I added the garters. I realize I've gotten to him. I'm not that slow-okay, I am that slow-but why let it go to waste? Besides, he teased me first.

I rub my foot against his. I lean forward, and the table presses against my br**sts. I know he can see down my top. My hair falls forward, blocking most of my cl**vage by the time his eyes drift there. When I speak, Ryan looks up at me like he's drowning, and wonders if I'm here to rescue him or push him under.

I muster my sultry voice, the one I can only do when I'm goofing around, and say, "They all match-the whole set-bra, panties, and garters. They've even got little holly swags on them with a little bell right here." I press the spot between my br**sts. A little jingle noise catches his ear and his mouth falls open.

He's playing, flirting with me, and I love it. We've always flirted like this. Ryan presses his hand to his chest and leans back in the booth. When he sits up, his face is dead serious. "I need a matching pair."

"Bra?" I ask, laughing.

He shakes his head, "No, panties. I love me some women's panties." He winks at me and his straight face curves into a full smile.

"You only love panties when they hit your floor," I counter and shake my head. "And somehow, I think if you had a bell on your boxers, that a pack of reindeers would follow you around, begging for carrots."

Ryan had his coffee to his lips and laughed just before taking a sip. He lowers the cup and points at me while wiping his mouth, "That was dangerous, Connelly. You almost ruined that pretty dress." He grins at me.

"That's the only way you'll get it off of me." The waiter walks by and I flag him down, saying, "No more refills for him." The waiter nods and keeps walking. Laughter is bubbling inside of me, soaring past the sane giggle level.

Ryan chortles and grabs hold of my hands, pulling me into the table, like literally plastering me against the side. My br**sts strain against my neckline because of the way he pulls my arms. I'm momentarily mortified, but he doesn't look. His crystal clear eyes lock with mine and dance with mirth. I grin, while I honk-laugh (which is the most god-awful sound ever) and pull back. Ryan's wicked smile becomes incredibly sexy. I have no idea what I'm doing or where I want things to end, but it feels right. I don't know what comes next, but I don't want to let go of his hands. I feel his grip on my arms loosen, but I don't sit back. I don't let go. Where his fingers touch my bare arms, I feel pinpricks of electricity tingling warmly beneath my skin. It's like magic.

Everything about him is captivating, beyond reason, beyond comprehension. If Ryan knew how he makes me feel, he could use that power whenever he wanted. There's no way to refuse him when he's like this. It's like he's the sun, and although I know I'll never survive, I want to dive straight into him. I want to feel his touch, see his smile, and hear his voice. It doesn't matter that I'll burn up in the process. There's no one else like him.

I know. I've looked.

The waiter clears his throat and we release each other. Grinning, I sink back into the booth, smiling at Ryan.

"Your order." The waiter puts the plates in front of us and asks, "Will there be anything else?" Ryan shakes his head and the waiter leaves. When I pop a fry in my mouth, Ryan looks up at me.

"I missed having you around, Holly."

CHAPTER 4

HOLLY

His words slice through me like little blades. I smile at him and nod. I suck at receiving compliments, but that really wasn't one. Was it? I mean, Ryan says things like that and then keeps going. He acts like it doesn't mean anything, so I never assume it does. The thing is, those little words stick with me. He's said things like that before, words that pierced through all my armor and sunk into my heart. But when I expect him to act, to do something more, Ryan doesn't. He shirks it off like he didn't mean anything by it. He could say that he wants to have sex with me and then make it sound like an off the cuff comment.

Maybe I'm mental? Maybe I make too much out of nothing, but Ryan's words always sound charged. It's like static electricity is building between us and one day we'll touch, and both combust into a pile of ashes-or lust-induced insanity. The latter sounds preferable. I could be down with that, as long as Ryan was the other nutjob that I got to get down with.

My mind is wandering, having crazy conversations by itself. Ryan says something. When I don't answer he leans forward and his dark brows lift into his hairline. "Well?"

"Hmmm? Well, what?"

"Do you ever pay attention?" He stabs his chicken with his fork and eats it like he's starving.

My gaze strays to his lips and I tear it away, trying to use what little common sense I have left. "No." I smile.

He laughs. "At least you're honest. I could tell you that I zone out every four seconds, because I'm thinking about sex, but I'll be damned if I ever figure out what has you so distracted."

I snort, and stab a fry with my fork. I wave it in the air as I speak. "That, my friend, will be a secret that I take with me to my cold, dark grave." I emphasize the grave part by pointing my fork at him, and the fry falls off the end and plops down, into his drink.

His eyes lift slowly to meet mine. "You ruined my soda."

"That wasn't me." I lie and don't look at him. A laugh bubbles up inside of me. This feels like old times, the way things were before I left.

"What wasn't you?" I c*ck my head at him, confused. Did he seriously forget what we were talking about? Then he grins at me, "Sorry, that was the four second point. What were you saying?"

I laugh and want to shove his hand, but I don't reach for him. Instead, I smile, saying, "Take a drink and try to remember."

"Ah, the French fry incident of '12. Yeah..." he dips his fingers into his glass and lifts the fry out. It's soggy and dripping with Coke. "To make it up to me, I think you should either..." he pauses considering his options. His blue gaze flicks between his wet fry and my face. "Wear this as a monobrow for the rest of the night, or eat it."

I laugh at him. He's not serious. Ryan's never serious. I call his bluff, mostly to see what he'll do. "I'll eat it."

He blinks at me like he heard me wrong, "What? You will?"

I nod and lean forward opening my mouth, thinking that there's no way he'll actually feed my a soda filled fry. Yeah, I was wrong. A wicked grin slips across Ryan's lips as he leans closer, extending his hand toward my mouth. I think about slapping my mouth shut and jerking away, but with my luck I'll have the soda-fry down my top.

This is meant to be silly. It's meant to be disgusting, to make me cringe and squeal, but I don't. For some reason this feels seductive. Ryan's fingers brush my bottom lip as he places the fry on my tongue. It's cold and salty sweet. His fingers linger, and his thumb slips across my bottom lip. Ryan's gaze is on my mouth. He doesn't notice anything else. I shiver as he touches me, even though his touch sends a jolt of heat coursing through my veins. I close my mouth on his finger, licking the salt and soda from the tip. Ryan sucks in a breath and pulls away slowly.

I'm completely lost in his gaze, totally ignoring the nasty fry in my mouth. Somehow, Ryan made it sexual. How does he do that? It's like every touch, every time, ends this way. I can't stand it and I break the gaze, munching the fry.

I say between chomps, "This is really gross. You should try one." I joke, but to my surprise, he does.

Ryan takes a fry from my plate, dunks it in my soda, and then eats it. I feel my nose crinkle. "You're right. It's totally disgusting." He takes a huge swallow of soda to wash it down. He glances up at me, clearing his throat. "Fun times."

"You know it."

Things are getting awkward again. Why does that happen? We can sit together for hours, and then he does this. I don't know what happens, but it's like he disconnects and wants to run. But he doesn't. He stays with me, even though he'd clearly rather be somewhere else. I take this as our cue to leave. I wave for the check. "Come on, let's get out of here before it's midnight. Although I have my own life 2,000 miles away, my parents still think I need a curfew when I'm home."

"Curfew?" he asks, wrinkling his nose and laughing. "What are you, sixteen?"

"Apparently." I throw my part of the bill down on the table and start to walk out.

Ryan grabs my arm. "Hey cowgirl, slow down. 'Round these parts people pay at the cash register." I forgot. People throw money on the table and leave in Texas. My face reddens and I curse myself for looking so stupid, but Ryan just smiles. His gaze flicks between my face and the cashier. "Come on, little lady."

"Oh, my God. Stop with the John Wayne voice. You sound like Homer Simpson doing a cowboy impression." I cut my gaze to his.

Ryan reaches for my hand and knits our fingers together, and then twists me toward him. "Which accent do you prefer? Tell me truly. New York or that Texas twang?" He's standing above me, despite my heels.

My heart thumps against my ribs. That look could make me-well, never mind what it could do-the point is that this wasn't the best place to be for that kind of thing. I answer quickly, pulling my hands away as I do so, "New York. There's something more possessive about it."

We pay the cashier. Actually, Ryan pays the cashier and shoves my money back toward me. "I'll pay. You're giving me a ride in that tank. God knows, I'll owe you $120 bucks in gas by the time we get home."

"Fine," I huff, but I don't like it.

The cashier is a middle-aged woman. She grins at me, but averts her eyes quickly, like she knows something I don't. I march outside with my bare arms and tiny dress. Ryan comes up behind me and puts his jacket over my shoulders. "Ry, it's too cold. Really, I'm fine. Keep it." I turn to give it to him, but he walks past me, ignoring my outstretched arm. "Don't make me drop it," I warn.

He looks back over his shoulder at me holding his leather jacket over a puddle of icy goop. Black stuff bubbles at the surface like it's a witch's brew. "You will sorely regret that. I wouldn't do it if I were you."

I laugh, "Or you'll what?" What could he possibly do? I shouldn't have asked.

Without warning, Ryan turns and snatches my wrist. He pulls and I'm about to slam into him, but he bends at the knee, and grabs my waist with his other hand. Within seconds, I'm hoisted over his shoulder kicking and screaming.

Ryan laughs, and walks us to the car. My hands tangle in his hair, half clinging to him, half trying to climb down. The frigid air is blowing my skirt over my head and the people in the diner are getting a really good show. "Here we are," he says and slides me down between him and the car.

I shove the jacket at him, and pound my fists into his chest. "Never do that to me again!" I continue to pound his chest and scold him, but when his fingers wrapped around my wrists, all the venom drains out of me.

I like his touch too much. I like it when he acts like I'm his to do with as he pleases. It makes my skin grow hot and the pit of my stomach twist. The proximity of his body is too close. I can feel the heat coming off of him. His scent fills my head.

I calm down and Ryan still holds my wrists. He tightens his grip slightly, and leans closer, crushing his jacket between us. His dark lashes lower as he studies my lips, drinking them in like they're hypnotic. Parting his lips, he breathes through his mouth. My heart feels like it's going to burst. I can't stand how he lingers so close, like he could kiss me, but he chooses not to. I shiver and he presses his body against mine, pinning me.

He finally moves toward my lips and dodges sideways at the last second and whispers in my ear, "Better get going." Then his hands are gone. His coat is gone. Ryan is gone. He walks to the other side of the car and gets in.

I stand there with my heart pounding like I've been attacked by a bear. I try to shake it off, but he's gotten to me much worse than before. If I get home without hav**g s*x with him, someone needs to give me a frickin' medal. I suck in the icy air and held it in my lungs. Exhaling loudly, I sit down in my car and turn the engine over.

______

The heater starts slowly and eventually I stop shivering. Ryan doesn't offer his jacket again. As I head toward the parkway, I notice flashing yellow signs. They illuminate the night, flashing, PKWY CLOSED. It takes me a second to realize we have a problem. While we were in the diner, the storm worsened. It laid down a sheet of ice, followed by more snow. The streets are slick, but as long as a plow gets through them, so can we. The problem seems to be a general lack of plows.

I say as much to Ryan, "Where are the plows? And why is the parkway closed?" I glance over my shoulder and slowly move my boat of a car into a parking lot. I'm trying to remember, but I can't. My maps of Long Island and Texas merged. I can't remember if 231 merges with Southern State or if that's Loop 820 that merges with 30. "I can't remember how to get out of here. We can get home on the L.I.E. or try to cut across to Sunrise, but the roads suck."

"You can't get to Sunrise from here, and the roads that you'd need to connect to are going to be closed too. It's the ice. The plows aren't out yet, because they're expecting more ice."

"Don't they salt and sand?"

"Yeah, but not now. It's late and the storm just started. They'll do it in the morning before commuters take off for work." Ryan turns in his seat. "If we go back the way we came, I bet we could get back to the dorms."

I arch a brow at him. "Dorms?"

"Yeah. You have a better idea?" Ryan attends college here. His dorm is right around the block.

I glance around, wondering if we can sleep in the car and rule it out. It's too cold and I'll run out of gas. I shake my head, "No." My stomach climbs up my throat as I look at him. He's inviting me to stay with him. I want to say no. I feel my emotions shattering like cheap glass. Shards go flying as I stare blankly, wondering how the hell I'm supposed to handle this.

He sighs loudly, obviously annoyed with me. "Listen, it's not ideal, but it's better than sleeping in the car. If you have somewhere else we can go, somewhere closer...?"

I shake my head. "The dorms are the closest. Is there anyone else there?"

He grins, "Why, you don't want to sleep with me?"

My back straightens and I visibly flinch. It's mortifying. "No, I just..."

"You just, what?" He looks at me for a moment and then turns off the charm, but I'm still drawn to him. Damn him. Why does he have to be so droolworthy?

"I just don't want to have to explain to people why I'm at your place in the morning."

He looks at me like I've hit my head one too many times. "It snowed, Holly. They aren't stupid. Everyone knows you don't want me like that."

My lips part. I start to correct him, to ask who thinks that, but I snap my jaw shut. Maybe he doesn't know how I feel about him? Is it possible?

CHAPTER 5

RYAN

I glance at Holly's face and can see something there, but I can't tell what. The idea of going back to the dorm wasn't a bad one. It'll be warm, and we can crash there for the night. I just have to keep my hands off of her. I nearly lost it at the diner. When her skin brushes against mine, every part of me flares to life. I can't not react to her caress. My body responds whether I want it to or not.

She follows me across the parking lot and we stand in front of the dorm. It's quiet. The snow falls faster now, sticking to everything it touches. Holly's dark hair glitters with touches of snow and ice. She looks so beautiful that I want to reach out and touch her face, and feel her silky hair between my fingers. I glance at Holly and she has that unreadable expression in her eyes. I walk a little bit in front of her, because I'll take her hand if I walk next to her, and reach for my card. We stop before the door. No one is here. Everyone went home for the holidays. Technically, I'd signed out along with everyone else. I swipe the card and the black case flashes a green light at me. I pull the door open and let Holly pass through. Her perfume fills my head, making me breath in another gulp before she passes. It's intoxicating-she's intoxicating.

I close the door and walk down the hall. Usually the dorm is bustling with people, but not today. We walk to the elevators and I push the up button. Holly is quiet, like she's considering sleeping in the snow just so she doesn't have to do this. I don't understand her. She runs hot and cold. One second she's gazing at my lips, and the next she's shut down and won't even look at me.

I talk to her over my shoulder as I head toward my room. "Have you been up here before?" She shakes her head. "I thought you might. Nicole lives in the other tower. Basically each unit is a bedroom, with two beds and a sink. The showers are down the hall."

She looks around as we pass by doors that all look identical. "You like it here?"

Her question surprises me. "Yeah, I suppose so. I wasn't sure if I would, I mean, it's like picking up the high school version of me and moving him 20 miles west. Having so many classmates around makes it feel the same, but there are lots of differences too."

I stop in front of my door and slide my huge key into the lock. While the rest of the school is bursting with modern technology, they still use brass keys for the dorm doors. I guess it was more secure and less of a headache for the staff. No one has to reset a brass key when it's left next to a cell phone too long. I push open the door, knowing my room was clean before I left. I didn't intend on coming back until after New Year's.

I hold the door open and Holly glances at me. The way those brown eyes slip across my face and then my chest, makes my heart beat harder. She passes in front of me and I manage not to sweep her into my arms and shower her with kisses. I smile, thinking about. Of course, she picks that second to turn and look at me.

Her head tilts to the side, making her long hair fall over her shoulder. "What's that smile for?"

I shrug. Hiding things from her is impossible. She seems to have been made with a direct link to my thoughts, and uses it frequently. I answer honestly, "You."

"Oh," she says and turns around, looking at the room. She steps between the two beds and her eyes swiftly pass over the things on each side of the room. She points to the left and says, "That's your side, isn't it?" I nod. She smiles and tucks a curl behind her ear. Her eyes flick up and meet mine for half a beat before returning to the bed. There's nowhere else to sit and the room is insanely small.

I realize that she's uncomfortable. She twists her fingers the way she does when she's nervous. Her lips part, like she's going to say something, but she doesn't. My god, if she acts like this all night, I'll lose my mind.

Grinning, I walk toward her and say, "It's okay. You can sit. I swear it's clean. I haven't had sex on it in a week. Or has it been a day?" I stroke my chin, feeling the stubble under my fingertips.

She smirks. "A week?"

For some reason, she takes me seriously. "I'm kidding, Connelly. Damn, woman. You still think I'm a male slut, don't you?"

"Well, there seems to be a never-ending line of blondes behind you... under you." She smiles as she says it.

"Ah, my kryptonite-blondes with silky hair. You figured me out." I swirl a finger in the air, while thinking, wondering, if she realizes that's not my type at all.

Holly's my type. Everything from the way her hair curls to the shape of her body, to that sharp tongue that I want to suck into my mouth and kiss. God, how does she not see it? I'm practically drooling on her. I hold out my hand. "Sit. My roommate is a bit of a freak, so don't touch his crap unless you want him to kill me when he gets back."

"Hmmm. My own hit man." She raises her dark brows and taps a slender finger to her lips. "I could ditch my Caprice and get a Fiat, let him do all my dirty work."

I laugh. I can't help it. The way she says it and that look on her face makes it funny. "A Fiat?"

She smiles. "It's my dream car. I think I could fit three of them inside the beast." She turns toward me, her hands pressing into her arms as she folds them over her chest.

"That's your dream car?" I ask, goading her. But she doesn't take my bait. She just stands there, inches from me, staring at me. Her eyes flick between my hair and my eyes, occasionally drifting to my lips. I wonder if I have ketchup on my face and she's too nice to tell me. Why else would she be looking at my mouth?

She nods once, slowly, and steps toward me. "I suppose you want something that's more typical male. Like a midlife crisis car?"

"Of course. Why do you think guys have a midlife crisis, anyway? It's to get the car, babe."

She laughs. Her eyes drift to my mouth again and stay there. No one says anything. I hear my heart beating faster and Holly's shallow breaths. Her hand lifts like she's going to do something, but she only touches her hair, pushing a stray curl away from her glittering eyes. It takes everything in me to stay where I am. I couldn't sleep with her and just blow it off the next day. The woman had worked her way too far under my skin for anything like that. If I had half a brain, I would have made a joke and laughed, but I had no brain. Holly makes my mind retreat and my body flare to life.

My hands lift on their own and rest on her waist. That little black dress is so sexy. The fabric is smooth beneath my hands. Holly doesn't shirk me off. Instead she lifts her arms and places them at my shoulders. We stay like that-dancing when there's no music-her body rocking, moving from foot to foot, her h*ps swaying beneath my hands. I step closer to her, wishing that I could read her mind, but she won't look at me. Her eyes remain lowered and her thick lashes conceal her thoughts.

Holly's fingers find the nape of my neck and tangle in my hair. Her body is so close to mine, nearly pressed flat against me, but not. Only certain parts brush, like her chest against mine. It makes me want to press her whole body against me. I wonder what she's doing, what she's thinking, but I can't ruin the moment. It's one of those times that I'll replay in my mind when she's gone. Because one thing is certain, Holly isn't staying in New York. As soon as New Years is over, she'll be flying back down to the hee-haw state without me. I try not to think about it. I try to be happy with things the way they are now, but I can't leave it alone.

"Holly?" I breathe her name.

She makes a purring noise in my ear, before saying, "Yes?" She sounds content, so I don't know why I feel the need to push her away, but I do. Her head snaps up and she looks at me like I just woke her from a dream.

I let go of her waist and walk away, even though I ache for her touch. Opening a dresser, I toss her a tee shirt. She catches it. "You can sleep in that, unless you're comfy in your garters and boots."

She stares at me. Those brown eyes meet mine and silently berate me for being a dick, but I have to. I can't let her start something that she won't finish. Holly smiles and holds up the shirt. "Thanks. I'll wait a bit to put it on, if that's okay with you?" I nod. She looks around and asks, "Where's your TV? Stereo?"

"I brought that stuff home. I didn't think I'd be coming back so soon." She nods and glances around.

"So, what are we going to do until bed?"

The way she says bed makes my throat tighten. She glances at me, suddenly shy again. I want to take her in my arms and hold her. I push the thought away and break eye contact. "We can play games. I have cards, dice, and that kind of crap. Actually, it's my roommates, but I'll risk getting whacked so we have something to do." Besides each other. I suck in a deep breath and grab the cards.

CHAPTER 6

HOLLY

I feel strange standing in his room. I have no idea how I'm supposed to stay here and not touch him. Every time Ryan gets within reach, I want to pull him to me and hold on tight. Maybe I should go out into the snow and cool off. Naughty thoughts keep popping up in my mind, and his blue eyes make me nuts.

Ryan sits on the floor and opens a deck of cards. I sit across from him and unzip my boots. I pull my legs out and wiggle my toes. I tuck my legs under me, but the dress is too short. It hikes up and he can see the lace at the top of my thigh highs and the tip of the garter strap. Crap. I shift and pull at the dress. It barely covers the stockings. When I glance up, Ryan's eyes are on my legs. He looks away quickly, like he was caught doing something he shouldn't.

"So, what's the game?" I ask, trying to ignore the heat in his gaze.

"Strip poker. What else would I chose? You chose the game." He shuffles and doesn't look at me. He seems agitated and I don't know what I've done. I shouldn't have touched him before. I bet he thinks he has to rebuff my advances all night and is worried about it. I make a vow to keep my hands to myself. Cross my heart and hope to die. Or not.

I watch Ryan's hands on the deck, the way they move. If his fingers could trail down my chest, just for a moment, I'd die. I know I would. There's no way I could live through that, and yet.

Oh, fuck. Pick a game. I don't know any card games except Old Maid, War, and-"Go Fish." I smile like I'm serious when he looks up.

Ryan laughs and shakes his head. "Okay, and what are the stakes?" He deals cards and lets me make the rules of this crazy little card game.

I move to pull my knees into my chest and stop. Damn dress. I want to sit on the floor with him the way we used to, when I was wearing jeans and a tee shirt, not this. I shift my legs. His eyes follow the movement, but he doesn't comment. "Winner gets to choose the next game."

"And the loser?"

"Does a booty dance in the snow." Yeah, that sounds good and clean, right? Plus, it's freezing and should cool off my flaming panties pretty fast. I intend to lose. I suck at every card game invented. I'm a guaranteed loser.

"A booty dance?" he asks.

"Yeah, are you up for it? Or is that too girlie for you?"

He shrugs his shoulders, "Nope, and you know that you're the one who's going to be dancing, right?"

"Booty dance," I correct.

"What's the difference?"

"Regular dancing doesn't count. You have to wildly shake your booty."

"Ah, so it's meant to be freezing and humiliating?"

"Yup." I rub my palms together and pick up my cards. "Hello. My name is Holly Connelly. You killed my Caprice. Prepare to die."

He grins at me, but it mixes with another expression, like he thinks I might be crazy. Well, that's okay. I am crazy. I'm in his room, alone, in the middle of a snow storm playing Go Fish. Of course I'm crazy. "Come on, pokey, pick a card so I can kick your ass." I talk trash like I'm trying to win and by the third round, I'm clearly losing.

Ryan laughs. "Better get that booty dance ready. I believe I kicked your ass." He puts down his last two cards and I pout.

"Another round?"

"Hell, no. We're going outside right now." He jumps up and takes my arm, pulling me up with him. I pause trying to grab my boots, and he lets me pull them on. I zip them quickly and act like I'm dreading it. When we push through the front doors, I walk out onto the snow covered front lawn of the dorm.

I glance back at him. The cold air fills my lungs, stinging my cheeks and whipping my hair across my face. God, he looks beautiful. He stands there watching me as the snow falls around him. There's a street light behind Ryan's head that casts a golden glow around his face. I thought the snow would chill me, help me snap out of it, but it doesn't. Awh, crap.

The longer I wait, the worse it'll be. I turn abruptly and hold my hands up and shake my butt. I turn around 360 degrees, laughing and doing a kickass booty dance, when I see Ryan's face. He's smiling so hard that it looks like his cheeks will crack. The wind whips at the hem of my dress lifting it, and my hands smack it back down. My body is frozen. Snowflakes cling to my skin and melt. I stop and look at him.

I open my mouth to say something, but he cuts me off. "That was the best booty dance, I have ever seen. And I mean, in my entire life."

I grin. I can't help it. I love making him laugh. "Well, that's the only one you're going to see tonight. I'm not losing again."

"Good thing you went first. Now I know exactly how silly I'll look. It's a good threat to those of us who have never booty danced before."

We laugh like lunatics and go back to his room, play another game-this time War-and after a do-over, and another retry, I lose all three times. Every time I lost the stakes compounded, which means my booty dance has to be three times as long. As we exit the elevators, I'm laughing.

I jump into the snow, glad to have the cold air clearing my head. The wind whips my hair about as I shake my butt and dance. Ryan watches me with his arms folded across his chest and a tight smile on his mouth. On my second rotation, I run over and pull his hands so he's standing with me in the snow. I twist and wiggle and bump my hip into his. He laughs, watching me. By the time I turn a full circle, there isn't a hint of laughter on his face.

Ryan holds out his hand, "Come on. Let's go back in." I take it and feel a zing shoot through my chest. It darts through my body, warming me. I can't stand it, but I can't let go either.

Ryan presses the elevator button and the doors open. It's still waiting there since no one is around. We walk in and he presses the button for his floor. Then he takes my other hand and holds both my palms together under his. He blows his warm breath onto them, trying to warm me.

"You're freezing," he says and does it again, but his lips brush against my palm this time. I suck in a breath. My heart slams into my ribs and I can't breathe. Ryan looks into my eyes and I melt.

I can't stop it. I can't contain it anymore. I take Ryan's hand and press his finger to my lips, returning the sensation he just shot through me. Ryan stills and lets me. I kiss one finger, gently pressing my lips to the tip of his warm finger, while I hold his palm with my other hand. My bottom lip sticks a little as I pull away. I do it again, but this time I nip his finger with my teeth as I kiss. I don't look at him. I don't want to see his reaction. I feel so lost, like I'm floating. Nothing grounds me, nothing calls me back to keep me from making these stupid mistakes.

When I move to kiss the third finger, he presses me against the wall and says, "Don't." He stands there, pressing into me, pinning me in place as his head dips and his lips linger dangerously close to mine. I shiver, even though I'm hot. I can't speak. I can't move. My heart pounds in my ears. The heat pours off his body. His muscles are tense, and he works his jaw. He's angry. He must be. Ryan backs off when the elevator dings and the doors open.

He walks out, the muscles in his arms corded tightly and he runs his fingers through his hair. I remain on the elevator. I don't follow him out. I can't. I can't do this, whatever it is, that he wants me to do. I can't flirt all night and not touch him. I can't bear it.

CHAPTER 7

RYAN

The way she draws my finger into her mouth makes me hard. I can't look at her. If I watch, I'll never get the image out of my mind. Why does she insist on tormenting me? While her booty dance outside was funny at first, the more she danced, the more I realized that I just wanted to watch. Her body sway and her br**sts bounce, and the way she shook her butt had me slobbering like a lab. Then she does this, these little kisses that are anything but innocent.

I press her back into the wall, not knowing what I'm doing. I just need her to stop. I feel her pulse beneath me, her heart beating furiously. Holly's scent fills my head as I tell her no. At the same moment, my lips are getting too close to hers. I can't resist. Her soft lips part as her rapid breaths disappear, and all I can see are those lips and their soft pink bliss.

The elevator dings and the door opens. It snaps me out of it long enough to pull away from her. I walk out and down the hall, my feet hitting the floor hard and fast. After a second, I don't feel her heat or hear her breath. I stop and look back. Holly is still on the elevator, watching me walk away. She hasn't moved from the place where I held her to the wall. She stares at me. Even from this far away, I feel her eyes pierce through me.

I've f**ked up. I scared her. The doors start to close and I hurry back. When I realize I'm not going to make it before they close, I full out run. The doors slide shut and I curse, pulling at my hair. I press the button forty times, jabbing it with my finger.

The doors slide open again. She's still standing there. She never pressed the button.

"Holly," I say, putting my hand on the door so it doesn't close again. "I'm sorry."

Her voice sounds strained when she speaks, like she might cry. "Sorry for what? You didn't do anything wrong. I did." She won't look at me. She hangs her head and her dark hair covers half her face. "I'd leave, but I don't know where else to go."

I step into the elevator and slip my hands around her waist. She still doesn't look up at me. I grip her chin with my hand, and carefully tilt her head back. "You didn't do anything wrong. I overreacted." I'm breathing hard, I want to say it-that I'm totally enamored by her-but I can't make the words form in my mouth. Instead of being smooth and witty, I'm cotton-mouthed and shaking. "Please, don't leave. I want you here. If it wasn't snowing, I'd still want you here." Her gaze finally meets mine and I see that those brown eyes don't believe me. "Holly?" her name hangs in the air.

"Mmmm?" she makes a noise in her throat that sounds sexual. The elevator doors shut and it just sits there. Holly breathes hard, and doesn't shake my hands off. I feel that familiar sensation when I'm around her. It tugs gently at my middle, and our lips are drawn like magnets, but we both resist.

"Can I kiss you?" I ask because I don't want to mess this up, because she's too important to me and there are several hours more before dawn.

Holly watches my mouth as I ask, her gaze focuses on my lips. Instead of answering, she leans closer, closing the space between us and presses her mouth to mine. The kiss is gentle, a light sweeping of her lips across my mouth. My body responds to her. My pulse races into stroke territory, as I fight the caveman urge to carry her back to my bed.

Her lips taste perfect, they feel perfect. I keep my hands splayed on Holly's cheeks as she kisses me again, this time taking my lower lip between her teeth. She holds it gently and releases. She sucks in a shaky breath and kisses me harder this time. Her lips part and her tongue pushes into my mouth. She sweeps over the curves of my mouth until she finds my tongue.

That's when things get hot. I can't contain myself. I can't hold back anymore and do things half way. Holly makes me crazy. I want to give her what she wants. I kiss her back and the moment goes from innocent to X-rated. We're kissing harder and I drop my hands, and pull her body against mine. As her mouth remains desperately attached to mine, the kiss deepens and her hands clench my back, gathering fistfuls of my shirt to pull me closer to her.

Holly's body fits perfectly against mine. Her br**sts press firmly against my chest and I know she can feel how much I want her. It's impossible to hide. I tilt my h*ps and press into her and she reacts. I didn't expect it, but she does. Holly slips her leg up against mine, and I grab the top of her thigh and press against her. She moans in mouth and I can't stand it. Her scent fills my head as her hands tangle in my hair. She pulls and I grip her thigh harder, slipping my hand over the garter straps and feeling the curve of her ass. When she tilts her h*ps up, I feel her little bottom brush against my leg. The heat between her thighs is incredible.

I realize what's happening and where we are. Breaking the kiss, I trail my lips down her neck and she throws her head back, gasping. Her nails dig into my arms. If I'm going to be with Holly, it's not going to be a quickie in an elevator. I want to worship her body for hours, I want to see her face when she cli**xes and screams my name. That's the only reason why I can pull my lips off her hot neck. I slip my arms under her and lift. She gasps and leans against my chest. I press a kiss to her cheek.

I move to the elevator doors and press the button. As it opens she looks up at me with swollen lips. I say, "I've wanted you for so long. We're doing this the right way." The door opens and I carry her back to my room. After kicking the door shut with my foot, I lay Holly on my bed and look down at her.

She's said nothing since we started kissing. I worry about her. I don't want her to regret this. "Are you sure?"

She nods, her eyes never leaving mine. Those big brown eyes are dark and filled with lust. She speaks and her voice is breathy and light, "Yes. I want to be with you."

I sit next to her on the edge of the bed and run my hand up her thigh. I stop at the hem of her dress, dying to take it off of her, but still wanting more confirmation from her first. "You might right now, but what about tomorrow?"

She smiles softly. It makes her face glow. I can't look away. My hand is suddenly warmer as she places her hand over mine. She slips it under her dress, pushing my palm further up her thigh. She parts her legs and says, "I wanted you yesterday, and the day before that. I'll still want you tomorrow. Is that good enough?"

I stare at her. She wanted me? I blink, but the lust won't clear from my eyes. "You wanted me?"

She nods. "Always."

That's all I need to hear. I kneel on the bed, straddling her h*ps and bend down. I press my lips to hers and she kisses me back.

CHAPTER 8

HOLLY

Ryan seems surprised, but I don't know why. When I said I wanted him, that I've always wanted him, my heart nearly exploded. It was something that I thought I'd never admit. Ever. It was the darkest secret at the back of my brain that was held under lock and key, and I'd gone and blurted it out to Ryan.

My heart pounds harder as he looks at me. That dark gaze sweeps over me, like he can't believe what I said. Ryan's eyes search my face and slowly he smiles. I mirror his expression. Suddenly, he's kneeling on the bed and his leg swings over my hips. My breath catches in my throat. I've wanted him for so long. Am I really going to do this? There's no going back, and I don't want to go back. As Mandy said, this is the path. The only way to know where it ends is to follow it.

Ryan straddles my hips. He's still wearing his jeans and tee shirt, but he shucked his shoes. He bends down and presses his lips to mine. I close my eyes and fall into the kiss, losing myself in his lips. They are so full and soft. He presses against me and I open my mouth. His tongue sweeps in and we pick up where we left off. My hands find his hair and pull as the kisses grow hotter. The floor of my stomach is in a free fall. I clutch his shirt and pull. Ryan sits up for half a beat and lets me pull the shirt over his head. When Ryan lays back down, he pulls me into his arms and presses me against his chest. He's so warm and smells so good. I have to touch him. The tips of my fingers trace his back lightly at first, trailing over his hot skin, until my hand hits the waist of his jeans. I tug at them, wanting them off.

He groans and reaches for my hands. Taking my wrists, Ryan pins them above my head and holds them there. Looking into my eyes he says, "Slow down. Let me kiss you, let me taste you. I want to learn every inch of your body, every curve."

I gasp, and tilt my h*ps up into his. The way he pins my hands above my head forces my boobs out. Ryan pins my wrists with one hand, while the other finds my breast and cups it. He moves his thumb agonizingly slow over my nipple, making them tighten in response. I make a startled noise and he kisses my lips lightly, still holding my breast in his hand. His thumb moves in slow circles, teasing me beneath the bra. The black lace is sheer and I can feel the heat of his hand on me. I arch my back, pushing into his palm. Ryan holds onto my wrists and teases me, and then moves to the mound of sensitive flesh on my other side. His lips nip and tug at the fabric until my vision starts to get hazy at the edges.

I say his name and he releases me. Ryan sits up and moves to the side. He pulls me up and reaches around to undo the zipper on my dress. He pulls it up over my head and I fall back onto the bed.

Ryan sits above me, looking down at me, his hungry eyes roving my body like he intends to ravage me. My pulse pounds harder and I feel something hot building in my core. I breathe in deeply, and rest a hand on my chest. I part my legs for him. His dark eyes watch my thighs move apart. I feel like I've been running too hard, too fast. My heart slams into my ribs as Ryan looks at me like that.

I know his hands will be on my body again in seconds. I know they'll slip between my thighs and he'll finally touch me. I shiver, waiting, longing for his touch. When he lays down next to me, I can feel his bare chest press into my arm. His lifts his hand and touches my stomach, trailing his finger across my belly. I breathe in hard and hold it. Ryan does it again and again, each time trailing his finger from the center of my body to someplace else. When his hands slip south, I lift my h*ps to him, but he stops. Pushing himself up onto his elbow, Ryan resumes his exploration, and his hand dips beneath my panties. He moves slowly, watching my eyes as he does it.

I take his wrist in my hand and hold him still. I want this, I want him. Slowly, I watch his eyes as I place his fingers between my legs. He breathes deeply, watching me. I press Ryan's hand and feel his fingers pet me. The motion is slow and filled with heat. I press my h*ps into his hand as he moves over me once, and then twice. I watch his face as he moves again, this time slipping his finger into me. I moan and tilt my h*ps up into his hand. He can feel how much I want him, there's no way to hide how wet I am. Ryan watches me as I close my eyes and I feel his fingers move inside of me. He builds a rhythm and I sway my h*ps as he does it.

Every inch of me is raging with lust. I want him so badly. My clothes feel restrictive. My n**ples ache against the fabric. I want him to strip me, and slide his body against mine. I want him like I've never wanted anyone. I cry out, frustrated and lusty beyond reason. I pull his lips down on my mouth as he strokes me again. He keeps his hand there, between my legs, as our kiss deepens and grows hotter and more desperate. Ryan's other hand reaches around and pulls me to him. It slips over my hip and down to my butt. He squeezes me and pulls my body to him, forcing me into his stroking fingers between my thighs. I gasp and throw my head back. Electricity shoots through me. I can't stay still. I writhe against his hand and he lets me. His eyes are dark as he watches me.

Eventually, I moan his name and manage to still myself. Breathing hard I beg him, "Strip me. Please."

Ryan smiles at me. He pulls his hand from between my legs and I make a noise, biting my lip to keep from asking for all sorts of things that will make me mortified in the morning. His hands find the clasp on my bra and it opens. My br**sts are so full and sensitive that when he removes my bra, I moan.

Sitting up, I arch my back and throw my hands behind my head. My n**ples are in front of his face. Ryan's warm hands slide across both of them as he leans in and kisses my mouth gently. Then, his head dips to my chest. He kisses me softly, his lips sucking gently on my nipple, making it harder. I respond to his touch, to his kiss. I breathe harder and feel the delicious sensations course through my body, building in my core.

After a moment, Ryan pulls me onto his lap. He's still wearing jeans, but I can feel his hard length through the fabric. It presses between my legs as I straddle him. I rock my hips, as his lips find my other breast. I can't help it. Ryan's hands wrap around my bare back. He lowers his head, and kisses me, his lips teasing my nipple. Every time he pulls me into his mouth, it makes me grow wetter. I feel my body growing hotter from his touch, from his kiss. I rub my h*ps against him, but it's not enough. I need him. I want him inside of me.

As if he could read my mind, Ryan throws me back on the bed. In matter of seconds, I'm totally nak*d. His eyes rove my body, followed by his hands, and then his lips. He teases me, trailing kisses down my body and stopping at my thighs. I tangle my hands in his hair, thinking he doesn't want to do that, when he presses my thighs open and buries his face inside. I gasp as his tongue licks my sensitive flesh, sucking and pulling at my nub until I'm a lust-filed lunatic, begging him to be with me.

Ryan lifts his face from between my legs and looks up at me. I feel his nak*d body press into my hip, hard and ready. I make a sound in the back of my throat. God, I want him. I want him inside of me. I want to feel him rock me into ecstasy. He kisses my cheek, and then my lips. Ryan pushes his tongue into my mouth and I kiss him back. My hands find his back and pull him down on top of me. He gasps and nuzzles his nose next to my ear, kissing my neck.

I part my legs and feel his hard length press against me. I try to move my hips, but Ryan won't let me. I want to feel him inside of me. "Please," I breathe between kisses.

Ryan looks at my eyes and reaches for his bedside table, tearing open a condom wrapper. I have no idea when he took off his pants and I don't care. He puts the protection on and is on top of me. Before I can blink, I feel his hands on my face and his dick is pressing against me. I tilt my h*ps up and he lets me this time.

Ryan's lips press urgently against mine as I start to rock against him. I moan into his mouth, as he slips inside of me. I feel Ryan respond, his body tenses and every muscle in his chest becomes ultra-defined. Ryan lifts up off the bed enough to see my face. He watches as he slides into me, slowly, torturing me. I grab hold of his h*ps and wrap my legs around him. I change the speed, I change the way we rock and things go blurry. I lay back with my head against his pillow as Ryan pushes into me harder and deeper.

My entire body is building, tingling, warming. I climb higher with each thrust, wanting more, begging for more. My nails find his back and I'm lost. I cry out his name, slamming my h*ps into his over and over again until I shatter in his arms. Ryan dips his head and kisses me softly.

I feel perfect. Nothing could ruin this. My body feels light and fluffy, like I'm floating slowly back down to earth. Before I can totally return, Ryan's lips are on my neck. I moan, pulling him closer, and tangle my fingers in his hair and smile, because I know he wants to do it again.

CHAPTER 9

RYAN

It's nearly morning. Holly is asleep in my arms. She lays against my chest, snuggling her nak*d body against mine. I have no self-control. I shouldn't have let last night happen, but I don't regret it. I just hope she feels the same way when she wakes up.

I can't stand the thought of her leaving. It makes me feel hollow, like I'll shatter without her.

Holly moves in my arms. I watch her sleep, and brush my hand against her cheek. She smiles, as if she's awake enough to enjoy the touch. I watch her for a moment and her eyes flutter open. She blinks slowly until I come into focus. My heart pounds. I want her to have no regrets. I want her to be happy.

"Hey," I say softly.

She looks confused. Damn. I wait for it to come back to her, for her to realize that she's nak*d, and what we've done. My eyes meet hers and she squirms a little and then smiles. Her cheeks burn bright red and I want to kiss every inch of her.

"Hey," she says back. I can't get a read on her.

"It's not morning, yet. You can go back to sleep. I didn't mean to wake you."

She looks up at me with those brown eyes and I melt. I'll do anything she asks me to. She smiles, "You didn't. I thought I was dreaming, but..."

The corner of my lips pulls up. "But you weren't?" She shakes her head gently. My eyes meet hers and I can't look away. I'm terrified she'll run, that she'll regret this. Holly looks back at me with questions in her eyes. I press my lips together, and then ask. "Would you rather this was a dream?" There, I said it. I wait for an answer, prepared to steel myself for whatever she says. I expect her to say yes. That this wasn't what she wanted.

Holly's eyes search my face and her eyebrows lift slightly. Her lips pull into a ghost of a smile that makes me want to kiss her more. "That depends."

"On what?"

"On you." She blinks at me and pushes up onto her side. Her br**sts brush my chest as she does it. Holly pulls the sheet up to cover her body, clutching it loosely.

"On me?" I ask, and I sit up. The sheet barely covers my hips. I shift trying to hide how attractive I think she is. When she brushed against me, my body responded. I can't help it. I feel like a fifteen year old. I think of turn-offs to try and correct the issue, but it doesn't really work. I pull the blanket up. Maybe she doesn't notice. Her tangled hair falls over her shoulders. The sheet is barely covering her. I want to rip it away and kiss her.

Holly nods, "You were laying awake with an oh-god-what-have-done look on your face. I saw it. So, would you rather this was a dream?" I feel her shaking, but I'm not sure why. I'm silent too long. I don't know what she means or what to say that won't make me sound like a love-sick stalker. Holly's shoulders slump and her head falls. She blinks hard. "I see." She pulls away from me and stands, taking the sheet with her.

"Holly, no, wait." I lift a hand trying to pull her back into bed, but she's dropped the sheet and is dressing. I f**ked up. I can't fix this. She's mad. I see it in her back, the way she's squared her shoulders. She turns quickly, her eyes are flashing an emotion that's close to exploding. It might be rage. It might be sorrow. Why do those look the same? I've been here before. I've done this. It's not a good spot to be. I open my mouth, but nothing comes out. I try again, but she's lost patience with me.

Holly pulls her boots on, not bothering with the stockings. "There's no reason to say anything. I get it." Her voice is steady and a lot more even than it should be. She stands and looks at me.

"You don't," I breathe. Her eyes look over me. I pulled on my jeans so she wouldn't dump my ass while I was nak*d. I want her to understand, but I don't understand. I don't know how she does this to me, how she makes me feel everything. I waited years and never expected to do what we did last night. Talk, you moron! "This was a dream, but I don't want to leave it there. It's something I've thought about before. I just never thought it would happen."

She folds her arms over her chest. Holly looks pissed. "But it did. So now what? Back to the status quo?" She shakes her head and turns away. "I can't do that. I sucked at it before. I'm sorry, Ryan, but this was a mistake." She darts to the door and is gone.

I don't reply. I don't chase her and say she's wrong. I let her leave, taking my heart with her.

CHAPTER 10

HOLLY

I race to my car without looking back. I don't know how things got this way. I replay last night in my mind, but it only brings tears to my eyes. I thought Ryan felt something. I thought I was more than a fling. Yanking open my car door, I fall onto the seat and start the car. I blink over and over again, trying to see, but once the tears start, they don't stop. I lower my head and put it on the steering wheel. I don't know what I expected from him, but this seems close. So, why am I crying? I knew going into this last night that Ryan wasn't a forever kind of guy. Hell, I'm not even his type. The idea that I was a pity bang flashes in my mind and my tears turn to big, wet, ugly sobs.

I stay like that for a minute or five, I'm not sure, but the engine is still cold and I'm covered in goose bumps when there is a knock on my window. I startle and sit up. Ryan's standing there. I lock my jaw to keep from crying. The tears dry up, but my face is still wet. I grab the gear shifter and throw the car in reverse, ready to lift my foot from the brake and floor it.

"Holly, please." Ryan's voice is muffled through the window, but I hear it. I hear something fragile there too. Even in all my distress, I hear the way his voice warbles slightly when he says my name. Again, he says, "Please."

How do I want things to be? The thought flashes in my mind before I act. The only thing I know for certain is that I don't want things to end like this. I throw the car back into park and press my finger to the window button. It screeches as it slides down at a god-awful pace.

It's barely opened a crack when Ryan grumbles something and reaches for my door. He yanks it open and pulls me out of the car carefully, gently. It's not like his desperate movement in the elevator last night. His touch is firm, but gentle, like he knows he'll never touch me again. Then, Ryan takes both sides of my damp face in his palms and says, "I need to tell you something and I suck at this. It scares me to death." He breaths like he's been running, like he put on clothes and chased after me. His blue gaze lowers and he speaks to me through his lashes, like he can't bear to say the words. "I wouldn't trade last night for anything. I'm glad it was real, that it really happened. I've wanted you for so long, but it never worked out. Then last night came and I saw you there. It was like I had a second chance and I didn't want to lose you again, even if it tore me apart, even if you didn't feel the same way about me." His eyes flick up. He swallows hard and says, "Holly, I just want you to be happy, even if it's not with me." His hands slip off my cheeks and I stand there, half frozen, with my jaw hanging open. Did he really say that?

Sniffling, I ask, "You have feelings for me?"

Ryan looks at my shoulder, not my face, and nods. "It's why Greg tries to keep me away from you. I act like an intoxicated idiot when you're around, according to him anyway. You're the only person who I couldn't get over, and I never even kissed you before last night. I can't image how hard it will be now." His voice sounds strained, but he smiles as he says it, like it's inevitable.

I'm startled into silence. I stare at Ryan and feel like I'm caught between dreams and wake, and that there is no way this can be real. Despite the snow, I no longer shiver. I've gone numb. I hear the car engine behind me. I can leave. I can leave this behind and never look back, but I don't want to.

I find myself speaking before I know what I'm going to say, "I can't imagine how you didn't know, how you didn't see it. I was certain everyone knew." Ryan half looks like he wants to hear, but he cringes away waiting for the hammer to slam into him. I reach out for his hand. "I've kind of had a thing for you for the past three years. I tried to stay away from you, because I didn't want to get my heart squashed and I obviously wasn't your type. You don't like this," I lift the ends of my very brown hair and then gesture to the rest of me.

A hesitant smile spreads across his lips. "Actually, I prefer this type. I prefer you. You're the one who made me have a type in the first place. But, I dated girls who were the opposite to try and get you out of my head. It didn't really work." Ryan smiles sheepishly, his hand pushing through the back of his hair. Looking me in the eye, he slips his hands into his pockets. "For the past three years, the only girl I wanted was you. I'm sorry I hurt you," he kisses my cheek lightly, his voice even lighter. "I'm sorry I didn't answer fast enough," he kisses the other cheek and looks down for a second. "The only thing I could think about while you were asleep in my arms was that you were going to wake up and regret last night. I didn't think you felt that way about me."

I lift my hands to his face and feel the stubble on his cheeks under my palms. I feel brave. Heart pounding, I say, "I do feel that way. I like you. I want to be with you. You make me feel so much. I tried to avoid you because you get into my head and I can't manage it. But when you're gone, I miss you. I miss your voice, the way you talk, and..." I take a deep breath, "I'm crazy about you. Completely and totally insane about you. Practically committable." The corner of my mouth twitches and before I can prattle on, he leans in and kisses me. Ryan's body pushes against mine and I back into the car. The cold metal makes me jump, and he takes me into his arms, laughing, and swings me around. The sound is perfect. He's truly happy and so am I.

CHAPTER 11

RYAN

The rest of the day feels like a dream. I'm afraid I'll do something stupid and ruin it, but after we say how we feel, we ease into each other the way we always do. Except this time, when the endless flirting blazes like an inferno, I don't have to keep my hands to myself. I can pull her to me. I can kiss her. I can taste her and feel her breath fill her chest as she hugs me back. The scent of her hair and the feel of her nak*d body burns in my mind. I can't stop smiling. This is perfect.

The rest of the morning passes in my dorm room. When we get back upstairs, she's shivering and I wrap her in blankets. Holly's hot gaze doesn't leave mine and before I know it, I'm kissing her and I can't stop. Her hands are on me, pulling at my shirt, trying to feel my chest under her fingers. Holly's breath fills my mouth as she presses her lips to mine. It makes my heart pound harder. Her touch sends me reeling. I can't speak and I don't want to. I want to show her what she means to me.

I lay her back in the blankets and move my hands over her body, barely touching her. She moans and arches her back, calling my name. I remove her dress, kissing her br**sts as I do so. Her bra is who-knows-where. Probably in her car from when she ran earlier. She gasps and takes my hair in her hands, pulling my mouth down harder onto her chest. I cover her body in kisses, removing every article of clothing, until she's panting, laying on the floor in the center of a pile of blankets completely nak*d. I look down at her. Sunlight pours into the room and I can't help but gaze at her body. She'd put a goddess to shame. Every inch, every curve is perfect.

I move my hand across her, feeling her warmth, examining every curve. Her legs fall open for me. She's breathing hard. Her scent hits me like a truck and I can barely control myself. I want things slow. I want to make her feel everything I feel. I want her to know how much I treasure her, how much I want more than a few days with her, because that's all I have. She leaves soon and this will be gone.

I push the thoughts away and worship her body until we're both exhausted and covered in sweat. She screams my name and digs her nails into my hips, as I push into her faster and faster. We both explode at the same time. I feel her fingers relax as her body throbs around mine. I stay on top of her, inside of her for a moment. I kiss her face.

I feel something inside of me and although I've denied it for years, I know without a doubt that I love her.

The snow melts as the sun shines on the black roads. The plows cleared the parkways and she drives me home. I change and shower, putting on a clean outfit while she waits for me. I do the same for her, at her house, although I think her father wanted to skin me when Holly ran up the stairs after saying she'd slept at my place last night.

I feel awkward. Her family invites me to sit at the kitchen table while Holly showers and dresses.

"So, did she meet you in college?" her mom asks. Her parents are younger than mine. Her mom has that mom haircut that's short and curled.

I shake my head, "I've known her since high school. We had some of the same classes."

Her dad has massive arms. He looks like a military man. I'm pretty sure he could snap me in half. His meaty arms are folded tightly across his chest. He stands behind me, staring at my head, probably thinking of ways to rip it off my shoulders.

Her mom nods and makes pleasantries. They offer me coffee and Christmas cookies. Holly's parent's house smells like a bakery. Briefly, I wonder what her dorm room smells like. I bet it smells like her, sweet and intoxicating.

"What plans do you have today?" her Mom asks after offering me a cookie.

I pop it into my mouth, surprised that it's so light and buttery. "These are really good," I say before I should. I'm still chewing, but her Mom beams. At least that's one parent who doesn't want to hit me over the head with a shovel. I swallow and answer, "Christmas shopping. Holly wanted to go to the mall."

"Good luck with that," her mom says and glances at Holly's father. "He was there this morning, and said there was no place to park. They'd plowed and the snow piles took up a lot of the extra outfield parking. It's a mess."

"You won't get near the place." He mutters. The man hasn't moved. His lips barely opened when he spoke. He still wants to skin me. There's nothing I can do about that. I only have a few days with Holly and I'm not going to be chased off by an overprotective parent.

I shrug, "It's what she wants."

Holly bounds down the stairs and heads into the kitchen. I swear to God, she's trying to kill me. She's wearing a ribbed red sweater that hugs her body and a short black skirt, black tights, and those slutty boots. If she tells me she's wearing garters again, I'll die.

Her hair is still damp. She's pulling it into a pony tail as she kisses her dad on the cheek. He visibly deflates. Holly says, "You remember Ryan, right? He helped me change the flat on my car last year. I couldn't even find the jack." Her dad's eyes look me over again, but are still hard. Holly shakes her head and laughs, realizing what her dad is doing. "Leave him alone. He's good to me. He's always been good to me."

Her father looks at his daughter. "I just want you happy, kid." He side hugs her and kisses her on the head. He leaves the room without looking back.

She looks at her mom. "Why does he only do that when I am happy?"

Her mom laughs it off, but I know why. It's because in twelve days, we'll both be miserable. It's because he sees what's coming and there's no way to prevent it. On January 1st, Holly will be dropped off at the airport, and take my heart with her.

CHAPTER 12 HOLLY

The mall sucks. It's overflowing with crazy people. I lean into Ryan as he steers us through the crowds. After a few fast turns, he pulls us into a restaurant. We get a tiny booth toward the back. Ryan takes my packages and keeps them on his side. He's practically falling on the floor.

We order and I feel his foot brush against mine. I smile, rather evilly, and say, "I wouldn't do that if I were you."

"Why's that?" he smirks and does it again. His foot brushes the inside of my ankle, tracing over the leather boots half way up my calf. God, I want his hands on me. It feels good to not fight how I feel anymore, to be around him and let him know how much I want him.

"Because if you make it so I can't control myself, I'll sure as hell make sure you're a molten lusty mess, too." I laugh and lean toward him. I pull his shirt front and lift off the seat enough to kiss him.

He grins at me and sits back down. "I'm not sure you could make me want you more than I do right now." His blue eyes glitter as he says it.

I lean closer to him and whisper, "I'm wearing a red lacy bra and garters-" my eyes flick up to his and then drift back to that delicious mouth, "and that's it." I smile slowly, letting it sink in.

Ryan's eyes widen as he catches my meaning. "You're evil." He takes my hand and rubs circles on the back of my palm. His eyes lock with mine. It makes my stomach flip and I can't look away. My heart pounds harder and I wish we weren't in the mall.

"Well, look where the road led you. I'll be damned." Mandy is grinning like an idiot, standing with her hands on her hips, looking down at us. "And you wanted me to keep him away from you."

I smirk at her. For a second I want to beat her over the head. What she did last night made me so mad, but Ryan's here now. Things got past that horrible spot where we were stuck, and I have her to thank for it. Ryan watches me and I feel self-conscious. "Maybe it was a stupid plan."

"Maybe?" She lifts a brow and folds her arms.

"What happened with you and Matt?" I ask, looking around to see who she's here with.

She smiles at me, "Enough. I'm following my path, Holly. I'm glad you finally get to do the same. You two look great together." She smiles at us and shakes her head. She turns to walk away, saying over her shoulder, "I'll call you later. I want every detail."

Ryan's face flushes as he looks at me. "You guys don't really do that, do you?"

"Do what?"

"Tell each other everything. I mean, not everything, right?" Ryan squirms in his seat for a moment.

I lean forward on my elbows. "Why would it matter? I only have good things to say about you. Good, big things. Huge things." I start laughing.

The rest of the day passes and it's perfect. At night when Ryan has to leave, I don't want him to. We sit at my parent's house watching TV. The Christmas tree is the only light in the room. It's soft lights twinkle like little stars.

I snuggle into Ryan's chest, listening to his heartbeat. His arms are warm as they wrap around me. I lift my chin slightly and press a kiss to his neck. I feel his smooth skin slide beneath my mouth and we kiss again. Ryan stills and then his arms wrap around me tighter. I trail hot kisses across his neck and down to his collarbone. I want to do the other side, so I shift and swing my leg over his lap. His hands fall to my waist as I press my mouth to his neck again and again. He melts back into the couch and I melt with him. My parents are asleep, but I don't want to get caught.

I continue to kiss his neck and then his face, teasing his jaw with my lips, nipping him as I kiss my way across his face. My body responds to straddling him and all the hot kisses. I feel Ryan become hard beneath me. My bare skin is on top of his jeans. I'm not wearing panties. I tilt my h*ps and rub against him, driving us both crazy. I lean in and kiss his lips and his arms close around me. His hand moves under my sweater and palms my breast. They ache for his touch, straining against the satin. His thumb strokes my nipple and it's all I can do to stay quiet. We kiss like that, his hand on my soft flesh and me moving my h*ps against his lap, until his other hand slips beneath my skirt. I want him so much. I let him do what he wants. His fingers pet me gently and then harder. I bite my lip to keep from calling his name, even though I want to scream and pound into him until I'm seeing spots.

I reach down between us and unzip his pants, freeing his erection from his jeans. Ryan shakes his head, but I say yes. He barely manages to say, "Get the condom from my pocket." I pull it out and tear the wrapper open, putting it on him. I move quickly. The more I touch him, the more I want him.

I lift my bottom above his hard length and rock slowly, moving in small circles until he pushes into me. His hands go back to my br**sts, his fingers teasing me as I ride him. We tease and kiss and touch, until I can't stand it anymore. I buck my h*ps faster and faster, as he pulls me down, holding me in place as I ride him. I arch my back wanting to scream as I shatter, but I hold it back.

Exhausted, I lean into his chest. Ryan kisses my head and I feel his arms wrap around me. Although we were quiet, I hear his heart pounding in his chest and his ragged breath. Reluctantly, I slip off his lap. I mean to stop, to go back to watching the movie, but we can't. Soon his hands are on me and it happens again, but this time Ryan is on top of me. He wears his jeans as he lays on top of me on the couch, pushing into me over and over again. He breathes my name as he comes and my body reacts, cli**xing with him.

Ryan leaves a few hours later. I'm sore, but I can't stop smiling. I've never been so happy in my life.

Day and night, Ryan's with me, inside of me, pleasuring me in every way possible. I feel like a slut, constantly wanting him, but I leave so soon that it seems right. Wearing skirts and garters becomes a habit. I can have him whenever we can steal a second, and we steal several. On my birthday, he takes me out to eat and treats me to gifts, candies, and sex all day long. Christmas Day arrives and I want him again. I lay in his arms, in his dorm room that night. I sleep in his bed, inhaling his scent, wishing this didn't have to end.

A week passes like this, and with each passing day I grow more frantic. I feel more for him than I thought I did. When it comes time to get on the plane, I don't want to leave, but I have to. No one changes their college plans for a guy. Like it or not, Ryan is temporary. Our relationship isn't meant it last, it's like a falling star streaking across the sky. It flames bright because it's burning out. But I don't feel that way when I'm at the airport. I throw my arms around my parents and take my bags. Daddy helps me inside, where Ryan stands with me on line until I board. My parents leave us and it's just me and Ryan. There's a lump in my throat that won't go away. We talk about nothing, both of us dreading each step I take closer to the check-in counter.

After they take my new bags, I head toward security, where Ryan can't follow. Before I get in line he says, "I never dreamed that this would happen, and I can't tell you how happy I am that it did." He throws his arms around me and holds on tight.

I feel myself falling apart. I nod. "Things felt right with you. I'm glad it happened to. I couldn't have asked for a better Christmas present. I'm just," my voice cracks. I swallow and pull away, wiping the corner of my eye so the tear won't fall. "I'll miss you."

He nods. "Same here."

I stare at him. I feel the words in my mouth, but I'm not brave enough to say them. I love you. I know I do, but I'm silent. Ryan kisses me again and I turn to walk through security alone.

I manage to hold myself together until we board the plane. After that, I'm a mess of snot and tears. The person next to me asks if I'm all right. I say yes. That I just miss someone. She talks about long distance relationships and says it'll work out, but I feel like something inside of me died. I can't breathe. I lean my face against the Plexiglas window and stare, letting the tears fall as they wish. Eventually, they stop and the plane lands in Dallas/ Ft. Worth. I gather my things and rub my eyes with the back of my hand, thankful that no one is picking me up. I'm sure my eyes are bright red and whatever makeup I was wearing this morning is now glued to the window.

Looking down, I exit the plane and walk into the concourse. I throw my backpack over my shoulders and walk toward the baggage claim. I sit down on a chair in front of the silver carousel and breathe.

I should have told him that I love him. I should have said it and now I can't. Part of me thinks that it makes no difference, I still would have left. It still would have sucked. My heart feels like it's been impaled on the jet wing. I can't speak. I stare blankly, ignoring the bustling of people around me.

The carousel buzzes and the orange light starts to flash. I look up and a pair of blue eyes meets mine. I stare, thinking that I'm hallucinating when I see him. Ryan is sitting across from me, his eyes locked on my face. He stands and walks to me.

He doesn't smile. There's a backpack over his shoulder. "Hey, Connelly."

"Hey," I say, standing because he is. "What are you doing here?" I can't piece it together. I still can't believe he's real. I reach out and pinch his wrist.

"Ouch," he says and grins at me, shaking his head. "Why do you always think you're dreaming? This is real. I'm really here. I followed you. I grabbed another flight and hoped to God that we'd land before you did. I forgot to tell you something. It was kind of important." He looks up at me from under his lashes.

My stomach falls into my shoes as I stare at him. "What'd you forget?" I whisper, still shocked to see him.

Ryan takes my face in his hands and says, "I wanted to tell you that I love you. I love you Holly Connelly. I love everything about you and I'm not ready to let you go." His eyes are liquid blue. They search mine for a moment.

I find my voice, "I love you, too." A smile slowly breaks across my face and tears stream from my eyes. "You followed me to Texas?" He nods. "You're really staying?"

"As long as you'll have me. I transferred. It was the fastest transfer they ever did. The admissions guy, well, I owe him a fruit basket or something because I totally messed up his holiday. After we were together, and then your birthday, and Christmas, I just knew-I couldn't leave you. He got me transferred in a few days. I have to sign some papers when I arrive, other than that, it's a done deal. I wanted to follow the path and see where it leads. So far it leads to Texas."

"You transferred?" He nods, I think. I can't see a damn thing. My eyes are a shower tears. They stream down my cheeks. It's like a little river. I laugh-sob and pull him into my arms. He hugs me back and spins me around the way he did that day in the snow. I find his lips and pour my heart and soul into that kiss.

When Ryan pulls away, he breathes, "You really love me."

"I love you. Now and always."

