Forgotton Souls
Of the Abyss
Part 1 In
The Velipian Series

Copywright 2011 Tashina Tradell
Smashwords Edition
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This is a work of fiction. All characters, events, and places are of the author’s imagination and not to be confused with fact. Any resemblance to living persons or events is merely coincidence



Chapter 1
Velondra’s Mistake
Deep in a forest, serenity lies within the vicinity of a pond! Oh but this is no ordinary pond. Stale fish secretions spoil the air upon approach making even the slightest intake of breath turn stomachs and wrinkle noses. Willow trees gather around the placid body, concealed in their own conversation. Even in midday the trees want the moon to shine. Vast boulders skirt the pond, guarding its many secrets. With its waters as black as night, no life can be seen beneath its lily pad littered, glassy surface. If it wasn't for the small humming of mosquitoes or the sound of the crickets, life form outside of the pond would be neglected. Even though a small blanket of mist covers the area, the crickets still shiver with fear. It is quite curious how tranquil the ponds surroundings seem. The missing songs of birds fill the body with emptiness. There are no frantic squirrels searching for the night’s meal. Nor is there even a simple doe treating her quench for thirst. Oh no, not from this pond. Never can anything penetrate the surface of this secret and sacred utopia.
***
“Breaking news, the third kidnapping this month leaves investigators with no leads. ‘It’s as if the kids just vanished into thin air,’ says one local,” a blond woman who was wearing too much make-up reported from the TV set. A lean figure clad in the latest rebel fashion sat on the hard wooden floor and gazed in amazement at the story.
“Some say its alien abduction, but I wouldn’t go that far,” the anchor woman from the set said as the girl jotted down a copy of the woman’s report on a page from her notebook.
The man sitting next to the blond anchor woman spoke up, “Still, with the mass worldwide kidnappings, the police had better get some sort of lead before the people take matters in to their own hands.”
“Velondra, would you turn off the television please? I’m almost finished with dinner,” yelled a small, yet stern voice she knew was her mothers.
Velondra reached for the little button on the set. Pushing it, she silenced her most recent school project: “New news of the world.”
There wasn’t much on lately except the unexplained disappearances of hundreds of kids. It was odd to Velondra that ninety percent of the people kidnapped were boys in-between the ages of ten and thirteen. Really she was only interested in the unexplained part of the situation.
“Val,” strained that same voice.
“I’m coming mother!” Velondra yelled, making sure her voice carried downstairs.
Velondra glimpsed at the bedside mirror. Looking at herself, attired in a plaid mini-skirt and a black sweatshirt, she knew her mother wouldn’t approve. Her mother hated the way she dressed.
Velondra quickly brushed her waist length night sky hair and then stole one last look at her reflection in the mirror. Her bright blue eyes had so much to tell, yet they looked completely blanked as she stared at them. This is how she had been lately, an empty shell.
Carrying on, Velondra walked down the stair case where she met the magnificent oak double door way that was the invitation into her home. Neighbored on one side by a similar oak coat rack, and the other, a small circular glass table littered with junk mail and keys. Many times she remembered greeting her father in this exact spot when he came home from work. As a child she would run down these stairs, so happy and eager to share the evening meal with him.
That wouldn’t be happening tonight, she thought. He’s probably going to have dinner with his secretary again. Official work business, he would say.  She knew better than that, and so did her mom, even though her mother would never admit it. Now her mother would be criticizing her every move, taking out her anxieties on Velondra’s very existence.
Velondra turned from the stairs and strolled through to their sitting room, running her hand over the beautiful ebony piano that she was forced to take lessons on when she was a child. Her mother would spend almost every night in this room, waiting for her father and crying when he wouldn’t come home. Her mother knew that a divorce was near.
“Velondra,” her mother’s voice scared her. “Dinner is getting cold.”
Her mother was the classic house wife. Blue jeans and a tee-shirt fit her personality perfectly. Velondra really didn’t look like either of her parents. The only feature she could claim from her mother was the dark abyss of black hair that they both had. Her mother’s hair only stretched to her shoulders though.
“Your father is out on business again, so it’s just the two of us,” her mom stated dully, although she knew that was going to be the case anyway. Her mother didn’t give her a chance to respond as she turned towards the dining room.
Veal parmesan and Fettuccini Alfredo usually made for a tasty meal. The tense silence weighing down on the two of them made Velondra disappointed though. Her mother looked like a robot, completely empty with a fake smile that hid all her true emotions. We are dysfunctional, thought Velondra. They can hide it as much as they want, but it won’t change who we are or what I did. With the very thought of her accusation on herself, Velondra drained into emptiness just like her mother.
As they sat at the dining table, ready to endure in another joyless night’s meal, her mother’s voice stretched across the empty table, “I was beginning to think that I would be accompanying myself to dinner, with the time it takes you to walk down a simple flight of stairs.”
“May I be excused,” Velondra asked as her eyes travelled to the ground in shame.
“Yes. Get some sleep, you look a little pale,” her mother answered.
Velondra stood, looking down at her barely eaten food as her mother added, “And make sure you wash your face, you’re starting to look worn.”
Sure, Velondra thought, we all just need to hide under our coats of flawless skin and expensive clothes. Velondra slumped up the stairs and passed the bathroom, ignoring her mother’s wishes of cleanliness. Bringing herself back into her room with its four poster bed, vanity table, and television set, she fell onto the comfort of her bed. The answer of her pillows always brought her to a world better than her own; her dreams.
***
“Eric, where are you?” Velondra yelled. “I can’t help you if you don’t tell me where you are.”
“The water swallowed me, Val,” a young boy’s voice answered back. “It’s was so cold.”
“Eric, please just tell me where you are,” she shouted again. “I can help you, just tell me,” her voice was strained.
“I have no skin,” Eric said, panic rising in his voice. “There’s so much blood, Val. Am I going to die?”
“What do you mean about blood?” she asked, not understanding. “There was water. You must have fallen in.”
Everything was dark and black, all she could hear was her brother’s shallow breath and the faint screams behind him. She had to keep him talking.
“Just tell me where you’re at, I promise I will come for you,” Velondra said with difficulty as her throat tightened.
“Val, you said you would help me,” cried Eric’s voice, while he screamed out in pain.
“No Eric, hold on,” she screamed, trying to find her way to him through the blackness. “Talk to me, Eric.”
“Rip out his soul,” a deep magnificent voice, neither Eric’s nor hers, reigned throughout her mind.
“Help,” Eric yelled with even more difficulty as the deep voice faded.
“Eric. Please just tell me where you are,” she screamed again. “Ericccc…” her voice faded into the darkness as a cold hand slapped her into reality.
Velondra bolted up from her bed, covered in a cold sweat. Her mother sat next to her, calming her with hushes.
“You were yelling his name again. Velondra, I still think you need to see the doctor about this,” her mother said soothingly, trying to convince her it was best.
“I don’t need therapy, I just need one night of rest,” she said, pulling the blankets off her sweat filled body. She added with a mumble, “And of you not blaming me for everything that goes wrong in this house.”
“I don’t blame you for anything, I just want you to get the help you need,” her mother retorted. It was odd that her mother didn’t look as concerned as she tried to sound.
“You blame me with those blank stares every time you see me. Dad blames me every night he stays away with his secretary,” Velondra accused. “I can’t take it anymore.”
“It’s about time you wake up and get ready for school,” her mother said, ignoring everything Velondra just said as if she were a robot that couldn’t comprehend her daughters comment. “I will have breakfast ready soon.”
“Don’t bother. I’m not hungry,” Velondra replied with much resentment. She couldn’t stand that her mother acted like that. Her mother acted like a mindless zombie that only did what she thought the world wanted her to do.
She got up, not giving her mother a chance to add anymore to the conversation. The walk to school refueled her energy. She didn’t have time to dwell on the past right now. So much of her school work was pushed off over the weekend because she figured that TV was a much better waste of time. What was her excuse going to be this time when Mrs. Hever asked for a good one.
Taking a desk in the back of the geography class, so she would be less likely to be called on, Velondra drooped in her seat waiting for the bell that would imply the class had started.
“Well, I hope everyone had enough time to finish the weekend project,” said the small stout woman now standing in front of the classroom. “I, myself, found it hard to concentrate with the thumping radio and raging hormones next door.”
From the plastic smile on her face it looked as if she had an injection of Botox before the day began. Anyone could mistake that, for it was her grayish tightly pulled back hair that forced the fake smile. She wore the same black uniform that she supported every day, and looked as if she were meant to be teaching in a military school instead of a public high school.
Mrs. Heaver signaled everyone to pass their homework up to the front. While gathering the papers she picked up Velondra’s and responded, “Barely three quarters of a page Velondra? Well now, that just won’t do.”
How did she know Mrs. Heaver was going to comment on her homework? She thought it would be obvious for she never neglected a chance to put the spot light on Velondra. She too probably blamed her for the accident, like the rest of the town had.
“As you said, it’s a little difficult to concentrate with thumping music and raging hormones,” Velondra replied with a repetitive tone. The class giggled in response, but she just laid her head on the desk, hoping the day would pass her by quickly.
“Today’s lecture is on the many different types of religions throughout the world……” Mrs. Heaver began after giving Velondra a scornful look with her dark brown eyes. Velondra lost interest too soon and dawned off into her own world of thoughts like she usually did.
The rest of the day ran about in its normal routine, leaving her tired and bored with the everyday rustics of expected education. The teachers throughout the day dragged on about this lesson and that lesson, while Velondra spaced off thinking especially about last night’s dream.
The dread had felt so real. She wished it were real, because then Eric would still be alive. Because of her, he will never experience any of the everyday rustics that she hated so much.
Maybe she took for granted the life she possessed. Velondra loved her mother, even though she was annoyed with her mother’s many weaknesses. Her father blamed her for the accident.  She knew this because he could no longer look her in the eye. He couldn’t even stay in the same room with her. What did she expect though, it was her fault that his only son was now gone.
Her eye lids felt so heavy. All she wanted to do was regain the hours of sleep she had lost from the night before. It was the last class of the day. Repeating the same motion she had displayed in her other classes, she laid her head on the desk, blocking out the rough voice of the man teaching the day’s lesson on old English writing.
***
Running through the forest Velondra knew there was still hope. She had to find him, everything depended on it. He had to be close by, she thought. It felt like she had been searching for hours.  They said they found his game lying on a rock near a pond. She took a heavy breath of the cold night’s air. It wasn’t easy taking in the smell that surrounded her.
“Eric,” she yelled, clinging to the chance that she would hear a response. The dense air was almost completely dead with silence. The only sounds that escaped were the small humming of mosquitoes, and ticking of crickets.
A gust of wind swept past her, revealing a small figure in a red jacket.
“Is that you Eric?” she called out to the mist. It had to be, she thought, running even faster now to catch up to the figure. The mist gathered around her like a cold blanket as she saw a boulder with a small object lying on its rough surface.
That’s it. That’s his game, she thought as she called out again, “Ericccc…”
Walking even closer, she noticed a black liquid resting just beyond the rock. Her chest felt heavier than it had been before. Knowing that her brother might be there she couldn’t help but to lean closer to the water.
The closer she leaned to the water though, the more her stomach turned in disgust. With barely an inch between her skin and the glassy mirror that reflected her confused face, her heart jumped with fear as her brother’s body sprouted from the bottom of the pond.
His skin was translucent and pail, almost jelly like. Dark blood veins ran through his bare body in a reptilian like design. What happened to you, she thought, her breath lost to the night’s air?
“Eric!” Velondra gasped, barely able to muster her voice. “What have they done to you?”
Nothing came from his motionless pale body as she spoke with a quivering voice, “I’m here now. I’ll help you now.”
She reached for the frozen body with shaking hands. Just as she touched the surface of the water, Eric’s body was pulled to the bottom of the pond just as fast as it had shown up.
“I’m showing you,” her brother’s voice whispered and then disappeared.
“No,” she yelled, “Eric, come back.”
Her whole body was shaking now, only back into reality.
“Velondra,” yelled that same rough voice that was recently instructing her English class.
Velondra looked up and seen the entire class staring directly into her eyes. Her face reddened as she picked up her bag and books as she said to her teacher standing beside her, “I have to go.”
Her heart was beating faster than ever. What was going on? It had been months since the accident. Why was she having nightmares just now? She walked even faster to free herself of the daily prison, but just before she reached the exit doors she heard a voice down the hall yell her name. Ignoring it she walked out of the building to a crisp clean air.
“Velondra, wait,” said the same voice. She turned to see the perfect face of none other than the captain of the school’s football team.
“What do you want?” she asked in a dark voice unrecognizable even unto herself.
“You need to talk to someone,” said the tall man, as he ran his fingers nervously through his dark hair. “You know I’m always here for you.”
“I don’t need anyone. I’m fine by myself.”
“If you keep shunning everyone you’ll only cause yourself so much more pain,” he tried to convince her.
“Carter, you didn’t really seem to care much when you ditched me for my best friend,” she retorted, and then turned away, continuing on with her journey home.
“You don’t understand. I didn’t know what was going on, and you didn’t help much by pushing me out of your life,” his voice stated as an excuse that she was just supposed to accept.
“Well I guess everything is my fault. Why don’t you just go back in there with Jenna,” she said as her throat felt restricted and tight. “Save us both some time.”
“What happened with Eric was not your fault, but you can’t keep closing everyone out,” Carter said in a soft voice, grabbing her arm. His hand slowly travelled up her arm and to her neck. With one finger, he rubbed the gold chain around her neck, making goose bumps travel down her spine.
Dipping his head close to her ear he whispered, “Do you remember what this meant, what we meant?”
She remembered very well, but it only made her feel even worse about her current situation.
“You don’t know anything,” she shouted and pulled away in resistance, not able to control her emotions. “Everyone thinks they know how I feel. What am I supposed to do? Go on living my life like Eric never even existed. My life shouldn’t exist without him, it’s not fair” she rambled on, her teary eyes looking back into the dark ones in front of her.
“Is that what you think? Is that what I am to you? I was just nobody that was there beside you,” Carter looked away from her. “I searched longer than anyone that night. I felt your pain when they said he was dead,” he said in a disgusted voice.
“I am what I am. Isn’t that why everyone deserted me?”
Carter stood in silence, obviously not able to give her an answer.
“Well I can’t help the way I feel. Just leave me alone,” she said, turning away. Carter didn’t stop her this time.
All the way home she stifled tears that were just aching to be released from her eyes. She hadn’t cried since the night she was told her brother was dead. Velondra remembered how her eyes were dry as ever at the viewing. They had a closed casket viewing and burial so nobody seen him. The body was too deformed from the drowning and that would cause too much pain for the family to see him in that state. She had wanted it to be that way, because she just couldn’t bare the sight of her brother’s soft face glaring back at her. Accusing her for the position he was in.
Velondra had been robotic since the accident. Pushing away everyone she cared about. That was just her way of dealing with herself. Father had his affairs, Mother had her everyday duties that masked her true anger and despair, and Velondra had her isolation.
Closing in on the walkway of her families two story suburban house, Velondra felt another negative tug as she noticed that her father’s car was missing. She marched up the stairs and fell into her bed as she did every day after school.
Silenced succumbed around her as her mind went blank to every sound and every movement. Hours passed before she made any effort at life.
If it wasn’t for the sound of her mother preparing dinner, she probably would have stayed in bed for the rest of the night. Velondra got up and walked through her familiar route, down the stairs, through the sitting room and into the dining room.
A luscious bowl of greens sat comfortably in the middle of the rectangular wooden dining table. Chef Salad was the main course of the night’s meal. Something simple and fast, Velondra thought. Maybe her mother came home late; she didn’t even know the time.
“Val, are you ready for dinner?” her mother asked from the busy kitchen.
“Of course, were you running late today?” Velondra asked.
“Well yes. I didn’t get out of the grocery store until five thirty. Didn’t you hear me calling you for help with the bags?” her mother asked with an annoyed look, and then thrust two plates at Velondra.
“No.”
Already feeling the irritation radiating from her mother, Velondra went into the dining room to set the two plates. It wasn’t hard to guess that only two of the four chairs tucked under the table were going to be used again tonight, just as they had the last three nights.
“Where’s dad, is he not eating here again tonight?” Velondra asked, now grabbing silverware and setting them next to the plates.
“No, he’s staying late at the office,” her mother said blankly, as Velondra mouthed the same words in parallel with her mother’s answer.
They both sat at the table, opposite of each other, and began filling up on the mix of lettuce, chicken, and cheese. Both of them were as quiet as the night before. They didn’t know how much things can change in such a small amount of time.
Velondra tried to break the silence, “The meal is great mom, thank you.”
“Your welcome, but I think I would enjoy it more if I didn’t have to sit across from the same scene that I had last night,” her mother replied harshly.
Velondra knew what she had meant. She hadn’t changed her clothes since the day before, still clad in her black sweat shirt and plaid skirt. She didn’t even bother to straighten her hair this time though.
“I forgot,” Velondra said quietly, not being able to think of any other reason.
“Well I guess it’s a good thing that your father isn’t here to see it then.”
Velondra could feel the blood rising into her cheeks. She had always had to deal with her mother’s constant criticism. Today she was at the end of her nerves though, with the dreams and Carter both still eating at her brain.
“Maybe I shouldn’t have come down for supper then. I wasn’t really even hungry anyways,” she shot back at her mother, and then started to rise from her seat.
“Sit down, you look pail and thin. You need to eat,” she stated, obviously ignoring Velondra’s squinted eyes and red cheeks. “Besides we have something to discuss.”
“I’m actually really tired and would like to retire to…” she started, but her mother’s voice cut in too quickly.
“That’s what we are about to discuss,” she said, watching Velondra until she sat down. “I know you’ve been having nightmares,” she stated, with almost a hint of sympathy trailing in her voice.
“I have not been having nightmares,” Velondra said quickly, even though she had most definitely been having disturbing dreams. She didn’t want to call them nightmares. It would make her feel foolish.
“What do you call last night, when you were screaming his name at the top of your lungs, and today in school?” her mother’s eyes judged her. “Yes, Mr. Lund did call me about your disturbance in class.”
Velondra didn’t know what to say as she played with her food, pushing the small cherry tomatoes around.
“Now I know that you still feel bad about the accident. Who wouldn’t? But the point is that you need to move on. Maybe you should think again about going to see a therapist,” her mother finished with a sigh.
Velondra was now heaving her heavy breath in and out of her lungs, barely able to think about what she was feeling. Her bright blue eyes turned almost black with fury.
“I need to move on? That’s what you really think? You can’t even say Eric’s name. Can you?” she yelled back at her mother, whose mouth was hanging wide open in shock.
Velondra didn’t know what was coming over her, but she let everything that she had been bottling up start to spill out of her mouth.
“You cry every night in the sitting room, clearly in denial that your husband is having an affair with his secretary. Father stays away almost every night because he can’t stand to look back into the face of the person who lost him his only son. I know what I did, I’m the only one not in denial about it,” she declared, her voice dark and heavy.
Without even looking at her, Velondra’s mother ordered, “Velondra, you’re finished, go to your room.”
“No, we need to talk about this,” Velondra slammed her fist on the table, making her mother jump. “You guys are the ones who need therapy. You live everyday acting like nothing has changed. But I feel it in the way you treat me,” she continued, even though her throat was tightening.
Her mother stood up and paced the other side of the room. Velondra stood up to leave, not able to bear the sight of her mother. She looked so innocent and stricken on the other side of the room.
“Every day I look at you,” her mother started with an empty voice, which stopped Velondra in her tracks, “I see his face, so pure and innocent. It reminds me of what you did.”
Velondra didn’t move, shocked that her mother was finally being honest with her.
“All you had to do was take care of him and make sure nothing happened and you couldn’t even manage that,” her mother said, looking at the ground.
Velondra let the moist tears slowly escaped her eyes. Her brothers’ drowning was completely her fault and she knew it.
“I hated you that night when the police told me Eric was dead, that my baby was gone,” she said looking down at the floor. “All you had to do was watch him,” she yelled, making Velondra jump.
Velondra sat there, stunned at what her mother was saying. She knew it was all true, but to have it said out loud seemed to make it final. Her mother continued.
“Now he’s gone. There’s nothing we can do except act like everything is fine. If I don’t, then I couldn’t live with you. All I’ve been doing is praying for the day that you leave for college, so I could have a chance to mourn without making you feel bad,” she retorted in disgust.
“You don’t think that I can’t wait to leave? I pray every day for my chance at a normal life,” Velondra finally found her voice. “It is my entire fault and you and dad have the right to hate me because of that, but you should know that I already hate myself more than anyone could possibly know,” Velondra explained, her tear streaked face now pale and dead looking.
“Good. I hope you do,” her mother said, turning her head away.
“Fine, now that I know how you really feel, I’ll just leave now. You don’t have to wait for me to go to college,” Velondra started towards the sliding glass door that led into the vast area of woods behind her house.
“Velondra, wait!” she heard her mother yell after her. “I didn’t mean all of that.”
“No,” Velondra yelled, stopping her mother from coming any closer.
The both of them had tears streaking their cheeks.
“I don’t want your sympathy. I don’t deserve anything from anyone. You and dad will get what you want, my absence, because as much as I hate myself, I also hate you both for letting me get this far,” she shot at her mom, and ran out the door and to a trail that would lead her into more then what she had expected.
Velondra ran along the trail, not giving a chance for anyone to catch up to her. She couldn’t feel anything except the hot scorn of her mother’s hatred beating her on the back. She would run until she fell out of the circle of her mother’s eye. She didn’t even look at the tall willows surrounding her, nor did she care that her fingers and toes were becoming numb from the cold night’s air. There was no moon to light the way, just Velondra’s urge of freedom.
After running for what seemed like at least half an hour, she felt that her lungs would give out if she didn’t stop. Her legs and sides ached with so much pain. Her head was pounding with all the words that were tossed between Velondra and her mother. But nothing could surpass the pinching feeling in her heart. She knew that everything her mother said was true. She could never go back, because as much as she had wanted a normal life, it would never happen.
Now walking slowly and mournfully through the forest, Velondra’s mind ran through the incidents of the one night that changed her life forever. She was babysitting her little brother, Eric. They had started arguing because she wouldn’t let him watch TV. Really she was doing it out of scorn. Her mother had made her stay there and watch her brother when she had wanted to go to a party with Carter and Jenna.
What a stupid thing to argue over, she thought now, looking around her. Velondra grew uncomfortable when she noticed that she didn’t recognize anything around her. No, she told herself, this is what I want. I hope I get lost and freeze to death out here. It’s what I deserve. Just to make sure she would lose all sense of where she was, she veered off into a dense area of the wood. The farther she went the more her mind started to clear.
The cold really started to take effect on her body as she wrapped herself even more tightly in her black sweater. The tingling in her legs made her feel like an idiot for wearing a skirt. Mud packed tightly on the bottom of her black boots, making her feet feel even heavier than they already did.
How could she let him just leave into the woods in the middle of the night. She remembered exactly what she had told him, “do what you want, I don’t even care if you get lost in the middle of the woods. It would serve you right.”
“Fine, I’m gone. I don’t need you anyways,” he had said. That was the last time she had seen her brother.
Velondra walked on. There was a smell of rotten fish that got stronger the further she walked into the dense woods. She started to recognize the area she was in, but how could she possibly know where she was at. It seemed like at least an hour had gone by now and she had never walked this far into the forest behind her house. She couldn’t place where she had seen this area and smelled that awful aura.
Now she remembered. This was in her dream last night. How could she dream about something that she had never seen before, she asked herself? Her thoughts froze when she seen the boulder, just like in her dream where her brother had left his game. Could this possibly be the place that I think it is, she thought.
Her pace fastened as her curiosity grew. Willows seemed to gather around the area like a wall, blocking its viewers from the small area. Finally she could see more boulders circling the area. She fought through the dense trees, as a cold mist gathered around her feet. The farther she walked the higher the mist grew.
That smell is outrageously gross, she thought. Finally she reached the boulder and sat down to look at her surroundings. It was a pond, exactly like in her dreams. Lily pads lay on the surface of the black water. It was odd to her that the mist only seemed to linger around this pond. She couldn’t gather why it had smelled so bad, it didn’t even look like anything lived in the water. Then the thought struck her, this must have been where Eric drowned.
It had taken almost three hours for the search party to find his body. The search party said they wouldn’t have found him if it wasn’t for the small light that came from his hand held video game that was left on a rock by a pond. She ran her fingers over the rock, as tears started to form in her eyes. It is so far out, that’s why no one could hear you, she thought.
“I’m so sorry,” she said through her sobs. “It’s completely my fault. Oh God, I miss you so much,” her head hung forward as her tears splashed at the ground. “I hate myself for not being there for you,” she said out loud, as if the pond were her brother.
Velondra sat there thinking about what she could have done differently. She knew how her mother and father felt about her now, but what did Jenna think. Jenna was her best friend and she knew what Jenna thought. She thought that Velondra didn’t deserve to live, that’s why she slept with Carter. She thought Velondra didn’t deserve to be happy with Carter. And Carter, what had he really thought. She remembered that he had gone out with the search party. The look he gave her just before he left to search was loaded with blame.
Carter had said that it wasn’t her fault, she thought. That’s what he said today right after I had that dream in class. Oh yes, she thought, as she looked over at the water, that dream in class is where she had also seen this before.
She moved from the rock over to the edge of the water. Kneeling down, she wondered if she would see her brother now. This was ridiculous, she thought, and brushed her hair away, but she couldn’t help having a little hope.
Looking into the placid black mirror, all she could see was her own reflection. The longer she looked at herself the more she hated the person staring back at her. She studied the reflection of pail white skin and bright blue eyes. The mass of long black hair fell to either side of her. She brought herself closer to the surface as she bundled her hair, keeping it from getting wet. She was within an inch of the water, but she still couldn’t see any life form beneath its surface. The only thing she could see, besides herself in the water, was the mist gathering around her.
Suddenly, a figure moved behind her. She turned quickly, gasping a gulp of air in surprise as she twisted about. Her feet lost all sense of control as she started to fall backwards towards the water. Within the second that she was able to peer about there was no figure, but she soon lost all train of thought as her body hit the surface of the freezing water.
Every nerve coursing through her body froze as the icy water drew her inward. She couldn’t seem to move her aching limbs as she sunk ever slowly towards the bottom of the pond.
It was so dark she could no longer see the surface of the water. She was going to die, she thought, just as her brother had. She looked to her side and could barely make out the grass swaying from the recent interruption. Now she could feel the rocks and grass tugging at her back.
She closed her eyes, accepting her fate of death. But just as suddenly as she had closed her eyes, they sprung open for the ground was sinking beneath her and it was taking her body with it. Now she was truly scared, I’m going to hell, she thought. It pulled her backwards and she could see herself sinking into the ground as the rocks and dirt formed around her arms and legs, sucking her in deeper.
I’m so sorry for what I did, oh god please help me, she thought, just as something pulled at the back of her sweater and heaved her deeper into the abyss. The debris from the bottom of the pond melted off her body as she could now see the ground reforming itself in front of her. Her eyes started to close as her lungs screamed for oxygen. Just before her mind gave up hope of life, her body was hit with an extreme gust of air, and her lungs took in all they could of it.
She could breath; someone had pulled her through the pond. She hit the cold dirt and coughed up the black water that filled her mouth. Finally able to breathe, she heard a deep voice, “Are you alright,” it asked. Velondra turned and seen a bulky figure, but she couldn’t quite make out his face for she gave into the pleas of her body and closed her eyes to darkness.



Chapter 2
Tristons’s Loss
To have loved and lost is better than not to have loved at all, Triston had been told once before. Well whoever came up with that idea must not ever have lost anyone, he thought. He walked slowly up the passage way that he had walked so many times before, holding a rope over the left side of his broad shoulders.
“Stop, I need a break,” a small voice from the figure at the other end of the rope pleaded.
“Fine, but this is the last break you get,” Triston said sternly, looking back at the boy with a hint of shame in his dark eyes. I’m a bit exhausted too, he thought, that’s the only reason why I’m stopping.
He brushed aside his dark hair that was hanging in front of his eyes then leaned up against the sandy stone that was guiding the both of them up the mountain passage way. He looked over at the boy. His chubby cheeks had loosened a bit in the last couple of days. Of course they would, the boy hadn’t had any food since Triston pulled him out of the portal. But his job wasn’t to take care of the things, just to bring them straight to his mistress as soon as they would come through the portals.
“Just let me go please, I just want to go home,” the boy begged. The boy wiped the sweat from his dark brown brow and pulled back his muddled sandy hair as he begged Triston again, “I swear I won’t tell anyone about this place.”
“Don’t talk anymore,” Triston said cruelly, “you can never go home.”
Triston turned and pulled at the rope, signaling that it was time to move forward yet again. They had hardly stopped walking since the beginning of the journey. He couldn’t stay with the boy that long. It wouldn’t make him feel right. He had to convince himself that the kid was just an animal and he didn’t mean anything to anyone. It was the only way to make Triston feel better about the situation.
The purple suns radiated rays of light on the land behind them, but it seemed to have missed the huge castle they now stood in front of. Triston opened the double doors that had two stone gargoyles on both sides, as if they were guarding the castle’s entrance.
The boy looked up at the sky above the castle. He knew the boy had seen the creatures, too large to be birds, flying around the top most tower of the grand castle. Every human boy Triston had brought to his Sorceress so far had been terrified of the gargoyles that flew above the castle.
Triston looked down at the boy, quivering in his torn apparel of the other realm. He didn’t understand why the outsiders looked so odd. It was easier for him to wear his buck skinned kilt, which was bound by a leather strap that also held his heavy silver sword. The animal skinned cloak that he wore now kept him warm, but he didn’t usually carry that with him. It awed him why they go through so much trouble in covering themselves in such clothing.
“This is the end of the journey,” Triston said to the figure standing beside him. “Now you will meet her, our mistress,” he pulled the boy forward and pushed open the double doors.
The rancid smell of rotten flesh that was so familiar to him filled his nostrils. The air in the castle was much cooler than that of outside, making it harder to breathe. The entrance was so dark that the naked eye could make nothing but the first two feet visible. Triston had traveled this path so many times he could do it blind folded. So forward they marched, as the doom that was about to ensnare the boy travelled close to Triston’s thoughts.
They approached the bottom of a winding stair case. He could hear the heavy breathing of the boy behind him and the occasional ‘ouch’ and ‘ah’ that escaped his mouth. The boy knew not to talk for Triston had put a hot iron to the boy’s hands last time he irritated him too much with his words.
Finally reaching the top of the stairs they started to travel through a hall that was dark and dismal. Triston could see the small amounts of light coming from the few candles perched in empty places where bricks should have been. By every candle stood a large black wooden door containing secrets that would never escape. The screams on the other sides of the doors made the boy’s skin turn pale with fear. Triston knew these screams, he had screamed them once before. At the end of the hall was the largest wooden door, engraved with gargoyles, snakes, and other such foul creatures.
Triston approached the door way, knowing full well what lay behind this one. He knocked once and whispered words under his breath so the boy couldn’t hear. The animations came to life at the words Triston muttered.
The red eyes of the gargoyles glared back at them, and the snakes slithered in a winding motion. Then the door swung open rapidly, making the boy jump. Shadows lurked in the dark corners of the large room. Only a portion of the chamber was glowing yellow from the fireplace that sat directly in front of them.
Triston remembered this fireplace. It all came back to him as if the encounter had happened yesterday, giving him chills as he replayed the memory in his mind. That evil voice rang in his ears, reciting a spell that would change him forever:
“Thine eyes capture ones vivacious desires.”
“Heeding only what thy thoughts long for.”
“Impressing on one, weights of steel and fire.”
“Voiding thy soul, of devoted pleasure.”
He could feel a wrenching at his gut as his insides turned into jelly and his soul was ripped from his body. You’re doing this for love, he kept telling himself, as the pain grew unbearably strong. His head pounded from the pressure, as the blood in his veins ran slowly, depriving him of life. The legs holding up his body felt useless and weak as he fell to the cold stone floor, gasping for breath.
“Ahhhh…” he yelled as the pain stretched all the way from his brain through to his feeble legs. His abdomen felt like it was going to explode.
“Nooooo….Ahhhhh…..” he yelled even louder, holding his head.
He felt as if his brain was going to combust if anymore pressure were to ensue it. Just when he thought he couldn’t take anymore, he heard a dark but yet excited voice, “Well now, I love the sound of pain in the morning.”
He would always remember how she took his life away from him as she manipulated everything she got her hands or even thoughts on.
“You will now get what you rightly deserve,” her voice reigned over him.
He wasn’t able to move or even think of anything except the sound of that evil voice.
“Let’s just hope she too loves you as much as you love her, for if not, your soul is mine for the rest of eternity, ha ha ha,” she laughed almost demonically, muffling his gasps for air.
He looked now, at the spot on the floor where he had fallen, and took a deep breath as he held the rope that tied the boy to him. The pain he went through that night was unbearable. He deserved it, he thought, for every one of his subjects had gone through that same process to become part of the Sorceress’s dark army.
“Enter,” said a dark voice. Even though Triston knew the voice well, he still got chills from the smooth sinister sound.
He walked forward, dragging the boy with him. Out of the shadows a lean figure drew closer to him. Still not close enough for Triston to make out a description though. His mistress had never let him see her face, and he doubted she ever would. She had told him once before that he was not worthy of seeing such a great prospect.
He could tell she was clad in a glorious shining red gown. It was seductive to most that approached her which she knew well and took advantage of.
“You brought me another,” she snickered with pleasure. “Well, we must have almost a thousand by now. What do you think?” she asked Triston.
“Three hundred and forty eight, your majesty,” he replied through gritted teeth. He had known every last one of them, for he was the one to collect them all.
Annoyed with his manner, she replied, “Well, we must work harder then shall we.”
“As you wish your majesty,” was all he could say.
“Well let’s see it,” she demanded as Triston threw the boy forward. “Oooh, it’s utterly disgusting,” she gasped from the shadows.
Triston stood in his place, more disgusted with her rather than the fact that they had a human in their presence.
“Just what we’re looking for,” she said. Triston didn’t have to see her face to know that she was smiling. “You never fail to give me just what I want Triston.”
“Yes, your majesty, you have made sure of that,” he said under his breath.
Unfortunately she surrounded him like the air he breathed. She heard everything in her land. If she didn’t hear what she wanted, all in her vicinity would be helpless against her wrath. Triston played this dangerous game too often, really not caring if he would pay the consequences afterward.
“You dare to use that tone with me,” she yelled from the darkness. “Have you forgotten your place servant?”
Triston could feel the heat rising around him. The boy standing in front of him was whimpering with fear. He looked down with defeat, knowing he was powerless against her. He had seen many men fall in death against her magic’s, but he wouldn’t be so lucky. She would find a way to make him regret defying her, and that way wouldn’t be death. That was too easy of a way out for him and she knew it.
“You made your decision, did you not?” she continued in a rage, still in the shadows. “I am not at fault for your lack of judgment.”
“Yes, and you made sure to point out my misjudgment, taking all that mattered to me,” he retorted.
“Ahhh, you dare speak in such a manner,” the Sorceress’s voice became almost more of a growl. “It would be wise of you to leave now before you lose more than your soul.”
He let out a heavy defeated breath and walked out of the dark chamber, leaving the boy at the mercy of the evilest being known to this world.
“Wait,” the boy yelled after him. “Don’t leave me with her.”
He carried on as the Sorceress called to one of her other servants to help her take care of the new soldier Triston had just brought her.
Triston strolled through the hall, down the stairs, and back out of the double doors where the warm night air blanketed his skin. The suns had set and let the night sky’s moon shine down on him brightly. Finally he could breathe, but no matter how far away he travelled from the wretched castle, he would never be free from the Sorceress.
He looked out over the luscious dark green land below the castle. To anyone else it would look beautiful, but he knew what evil creatures lay beyond in the darkness of those trees. The Sorceress had grim spies of all sorts, prowling her lands and doing all her dirty work. The sounds that spilled from the castle didn’t make the scene any more pleasant either. He could now hear the pleas and yells of the boy he had just handed over to torture.
The farther away from the castle he walked, the cleaner he felt. He couldn’t blame anyone but himself for the situation he was in. People do the most ignorant things when they’re in love. Well that was over now, he thought, and he had to live with the decision he made. He really didn’t have a choice anyway. The Sorceress would never let him go.
Just like every other time, when he would give another soul to the Sorceress, he would travel the land and await the next sign of an outsider travelling through one of the many portals that the Sorceress planted. After about an hour’s long walk he arrived at a small wooden cottage. It didn’t look like there was anyone there, and it was obvious why not. It was too close to her castle to contain living creatures. Stepping inside he could barely make out the stone fireplace for the dark encased every wall.
He fell onto the heap of straw lying in the furthest corner of the cottage, stretching his sore limbs. When he needed sleep he would find the closest and safest place. He figured that this cottage was deserted, so that would be his resting place for the night. Now that his eyes were adjusted to the shade of darkness, he could make out the cottages contents. The walls were bare and worn, and the fireplace looked as if it hadn’t been attended to for quite a long time.
Rolling over onto his side he looked at his silver sword, now lying next to his animal skin cover. He would soon succumb to his body’s desire of rest and enter into a world he thought was always better than this one. Unfortunately his dreams were filled with nothing more than his conscious nightmares. Once more he heard the so familiar darkened voice that had taken away his soul.
***
“Thy greatest fear lies in extinction,
Deceiving thy self of expectation,
Embrace thy soul with isolation,
As all life fails in thy deception.”
A body of a young woman lied on the stone floor of a dark chamber. The evil laughing of a divine being filled the room like a chilling wind. Triston ran to the body and fell in parallel to the floor. His lungs were tightened so he could barely breathe.
“You tricked me, you evil disgusting murderer,” he yelled through his sobs.
Grabbing the woman’s long golden hair, he buried his face in it.
“I loved her,” he cried. “I love you, please don’t go,” he begged at the lifeless body.
The Sorceress stood in the shadows like she always had, probably feeding off his pain.
“You tricked me, you wicked wench.”
“I did nothing of the sort,” reined the Sorceress’s voice throughout the chamber. “I simply tested you both, and she obviously didn’t pass,”
Triston’s body was succumbed in saddeness, barely able to move. He couldn’t speak what was on his mind. He knew deep down that the lifeless woman he held in his arms had really never truly loved him.
“You’re lucky you did pass, or you would be as she is now,” the Sorceress muttered from the shadows. She never let anyone see her.
“I should be dead, I loved her,” he replied darkly. “There’s no reason for me to move on. Just kill me now.”
“It’s not that easy, we had a bargain, remember.”
The room went black, and he heard the Sorceress move closer to the spot he laid, holding the body of his love. He sat up, in fear of what was about to happen. Then just as sudden as the death before him, icy cold hands encased around his skull. Pain irked through every inch of his body, as images of ponds formed right in front of his eyes. With every different pond came a different chilling that pierced his ears.
***
“Ahhh…” Triston yelled, as the ringing became a reality. He jumped up from the straw, covered in a cold sweat. The ringing in his ears woke him out of a dead sleep, for which he was grateful.
“Arghh… Alright, alright,” he yelled to no one. This was his sign. This meant that someone had touched the forbidden black waters that would wrench them from their world, and bring them to this world. So he grabbed his animal skin cover, and bolted out of the cottage and towards a vast forest that would lead him to his next subject.
Every portal had a different unique sound, so Triston could tell exactly where he needed to go. He would have to get there fast though for there were others that also knew that sound, and where the portals were located. Those who had risen against the Sorceress were his enemies and they would try to interfere with his duty. Many a time he had fought others to their death to capture that of what his majesty requested. So he would run, as fast as he could and only stopping when it was vital to his being to do so.
Triston hadn’t known what would come out of this pond, but many others did, and it was what they had hoped for so long. This day, many hunters ran for the same spot to gather what some would call hope for this world. Triston would ignorantly call it another soldier for the dark army of death.
Triston would lose his train of thought after running for hours, only focusing on his target. He hated interruptions but it was something that couldn’t be stopped.
“Going to capture another soldier now are you?” asked a voice that stopped Triston in his tracks. He knew the voice. It came from a creature that had grilled him every time he passed this point.
“She will take its life, stripping it of its soul and you don’t even care.”
Turning around, Triston looked up at a very tall tree and focused on two black beads staring straight at him. A shape that could look like a face formed around the black beads. Then two creases parted and let escape the same voice.
“Does it bother you that they care so much for their life?” the creature asked. “That they plead until they have no breath left in them, and you care nothing for your own?”
“How could you possibly know anything about life, you’re just a tree,” Triston replied arrogantly.
“Not a tree Triston,” the creature corrected him. “I’m a life, a being, and a creature that cares for life and the earth that you let you’re Sorceress burn and torment.”
“Well no matter, you can’t stop me, or her for that matter, so let it be,” Triston turned around and ignored the tree.
“I can’t stop you, but many others can and will,” the tree stated, as if it was plain fact.
Triston laughed, “Let them try and they will die, just as many others have,” and then continued to run in the direction of the piercing sound.
Triston thought long about what the tree had said. Many others could try and stop him and his mistress, but what was that tree thinking? His mistress was the strongest Sorceress of the four and no one could stop her. She had proven that already.
How could everyone think that he didn’t care about the beings that he brought to the Sorceress? He didn’t have a choice but to bring them to her. He would be fighting against her with the rest of the witches and warlocks if he had a choice, but he didn’t. She owned his soul, and how he hated her for it.
The Sorceress had taken everything he ever cared about away from him.  All he had left was the time in between his journeys. He had loved someone once before and she was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. Her hair was golden blond, and shined like the sun, and her skin was so soft. Every time he looked into her hazel eyes, he would lose all sense of reality. When she spoke his ears would beg for more. But she was weak and the Sorceress proved that for him.
He was getting closer to his destination when out of mid air came a wrought iron sword, flying towards his face. Great, he thought, as he ducked and grabbed his own silver sword from the lanyard that hung around his waist.
“Just couldn’t let me be, could you,” he yelled.
The man clad in a black hooded robe ducked out from under Triston’s sword. 	“Well, we can’t let you get away with another soldier now can we,” said the man.
“It would sure help me a lot,” Triston replied.
The clanking of their swords could be heard a mile away. Triston tried every sword trick he knew, but this man was good. He would have to get creative, he thought. So Triston swung around the figure and grabbed a thick branch from the ground. Now with two objects to distract the man, Triston had more of a chance. He threw the branch at the man. The man tried to avoid it which gave Triston the perfect chance to make his move. In one quick motion of his sword, he sliced the man’s arm, leaving a great gash that started filling with blood.
“Sorry I can’t ease your pain sir, but I have business to attend to,” Triston said as the man fell to the ground, moaning in pain.
Night was drawing on quickly and Triston knew he had little time to get to the pond. Running faster than ever, he knew he was getting close as the woods got denser and the smell grew foul. He could now see the mist gathering around his destination.
He stopped just short of a pond that was circled by great trees whose branches fell over like waterfalls. These trees were protecting the pond for the Sorceress. He jumped over the boulders just in time to see a figure at the bottom of the pond. He strode into the water and plunged his arm deep into its black surface.
The water was icy cold, but he was quite used to the shock by now. The Sorceress wanted the water this way because she knew that the outsider’s bodies could not handle the chill of the water. It would leave them weak and drained, making it easier for her to strip them of their souls.
Triston pulled the figure out of the water, and laid it on the ground. He almost swallowed his tongue in surprise. This was no boy, nay a girl. This was a woman.
“Are you alright,” he asked, as the pail woman coughed up the water in her mouth.
Her bright blue eyes stared back at him blankly, and then closed as her mind led her body to death. He had never seen eyes as beautiful as the ones that just looked at him. He stared at her for a moment, taking in her outsider appearance. She wore boots and a kilt somewhat like he did, but her chest was covered in a thick black cloth. Her long black hair clung to her pail face.
I can’t let her die, yet, he thought. My mistress would not be happy if she didn’t get the soul. Would she even take this soul? He wasn’t sure, but he picked up the thin woman and started back towards the same cottage he had stayed in the night before. The trip back had taken longer, for she was unconscious. He made it there unbothered by the other side.
Triston lied her down on the heap of straw and started a fire, hoping to warm the body into life. He sat in front of the fire, stoking it, and waiting for the woman to wake up. What would he say to her? She was completely oblivious to what had happened. He looked at her, not being able to take his eyes off of the damaged figure.
Hours had passed and she hadn’t even stirred. He would have to get more fire wood, but did he dare leave her side. His mistress would be wrought with anger if she ran away. But he did not have to worry any longer, for a moan came from the woman and she slowly sat up. Looking around, she finally set eyes on him. His mouth seemed to be frozen. He didn’t know what to say as the woman’s eyes stared at him. He now started to feel that pull in his chest that he experienced every time he met a new subject. He knew she was about to die, and he couldn’t do anything about it.



Chapter 3
A Whole New World
When Velondra opened her eyes, darkness peered inside every corner she could see. Where was she and how long had it been since she was covered with that icy water? She was in a room with empty walls and a small fireplace that radiated only a slight glow of light. It took a minute for her eyes to adjust, but as soon as they did she saw the man crouching by the fire. He was staring right at her. The man looked down, almost as if he was ashamed to look at her.
“Was it you who pulled me from the water?” she asked with a strained voice.
The cold must have weakened her body. She felt as if she had the worst cold she had ever had. Her throat ached and scratched when she spoke. The effort of lifting her head was now taking its toll on her.
“Yes,” he replied. “What were you doing by the water, you shouldn’t have been by the water,” he said roughly. He finally looked back up at her.
Velondra was taken aback by his rude manner. She didn’t know what to think. This man had just saved her life even though it was one she had not wanted before. Now he acted as if he shouldn’t have done so. She wanted to see the man more clearly. Feeling every possible ache and pain sear through her muscles, she started to get up.
“My name is Vel…,” she started, but was soon interrupted.
“There’s no need to exchange names,” he quickly stopped her from talking as he stood up. “We need to leave. Get up,” he ordered, as if she was just supposed to do as he said.
“Excuse me,” she said, surprised by his rudeness.
“We’re leaving now, get up,” he repeated, now coming closer so she could see his full appearance.
Velondra took in every inch of the man coming closer to her. Leather sandals bound around his feet for protection and he wore animal skin around his waist like a kilt. Nothing covered his built chest, making her wonder how he stayed warm. His long dark hair was bound by a leather strap.
His appearance reminded her of the early Native Americans, though he lacked feathers and beads and his skin was pale. His dark eyes looked so angry, she was almost afraid to look into them. She was intimidated by him, but she couldn’t help but feel a strong attraction to him. Velondra had been out with a few guys, but this man was nothing like she has seen before. He was sexy and mysterious, but extremely rude.
“I don’t take kindly to people talking to me so rudely,” she shot at him.
“I don’t think you understand me,” he moved even closer to her, making her feel extremely nervous. “We are leaving now, so get up and let’s get going, before I have to make you,” he ordered again, as if he was getting annoyed with her.
She raised her eyes in shock and stood up, now angry that this man was treating her this way. The pain that shot through her body was now irrelevant with the distraction this man brought.
“I thank you for saving my life, but it’s time for me to go now,” she replied, and then started for the door. Just as she passed the man, he lunged at her, grabbing her arm.
Velondra struggled under his strength. What was he doing? He grabbed a rope and roughly bound her hands with it.
“Help,” she yelled. “Somebody help. Please,” she screamed as loud as she could, gasping for a breath between the struggles.
“Ha ha ha ha ha ha,” he laughed as she screamed. “Do you actually think that someone is going to help you? Not here, now let’s go,” he said, as he pushed her aside. “We have a bit of a journey ahead of us.”
What is going on? I’m probably going to end up in a ditch somewhere. That should push mom to the edge, she thought. The man had the other end of the rope in one hand as he gathered up what looked like a big fur coat and a sword with the other hand. She stared at him, thinking that he was so strong he could probably break her in half if he wanted to.
Towing the rope as he walked with her trailing behind him, they headed out the door of the small hut. Much to Velondra’s surprise, a transparent purple glow surrounded the land before her while two large burning purple suns shined in the sky above. She stopped in her tracks. Where was she? This was like nothing she had ever seen before.
“Where am I, what is this place?” she asked, but the man walked on, tugging at the rope.
She nearly tripped as she was dragged forward, the rope cutting into the flesh around her wrists. I’ve got to find a way out of this, she thought. Walking closer to the man to put slack on the rope, she tried slipping her wrists through. The more her wrist slid downward, the tighter the rope became. She stopped in amazement. Ropes don’t tighten themselves. Skies aren’t purple, and nobody dresses that way. As soon as the rope lost its slack she was heaved forward again, as if she were a dog on a leash.
The man cared nothing of her pain. He didn’t stop when she did, and he didn’t respond to anything she said. They kept walking on to a destination she knew nothing of. The longer they walked, the heavier her chest felt. Velondra knew that wherever they were going couldn’t be good.
His breathing seemed normal. Walking half the day without stopping hadn’t even seemed to faze him, but her own breathing was uneven. Her lips seemed to chap and harden from her dry breaths. With her legs more sore than they had ever been, she felt that if she had a chance to run, she wouldn’t be able to.
Velondra fell, not having the strength to pick her body up from the ground, she just laid there. The ropes slack tightened between the space of her and the man.
“Ahhh,” she let out a cry of pain, as the rope dug even more into her already bleeding wrists. The man had dragged her almost five feet before he realized that she was not getting up from the ground.
“You know this is just a waste of time. Get up, now,” he ordered, as he walked back to her.
“I need water, I can barely breathe,” she gasped through her short breaths of pain.
“Understand that my job is not to give you what you want, but only to deliver you alive,” he said as if trying to persuade her that she didn’t really need water.
“Well, unfortunately I do need water to survive,” she responded. “So if you want your delivery to arrive well and alive,” she said with a deep and uncharacteristic voice as she looked up into his eyes, “then I suggest you get what I need.”
He kneeled down to her, looking into her eyes with almost a hint of amazement. She felt like a small insect being studied under a microscope as his eyes fell from hers and travelled over her body and down to her legs. He grabbed her wrists, bound and bleeding out her life. Pulling away, she let out a gasp of pain. Just as suddenly as she had cowered from him, he snatched her arm and wrenched her into a standing position.
“There is water not too far ahead, you will get your drink,” he said moving within an inch of her mouth. “But don’t you ever think to command me again, or the Sorceress will be one being short for her great army,” he finished with a heavy breath, and then turned and travelled on in the same direction as before.
Velondra hadn’t realized that she was holding her breath until she let out a deep sigh of relief. She vowed that she would keep her eyes open every second she could just to find a way to get away from him. She walked on, before the roped tightened again, surprisingly with a little bit of energy. Maybe, she thought, it was the idea that soon she would be getting the hydration that she needed to move forward and find an escape.
Every second that passed felt more like a minute but she had plenty of things to think about while they walked. What in the world was he talking about a Sorceress? God, how nuts was this guy?
If it hadn’t of been for the searing pain running through her body, reminding her that she was generating, she would have thought she was dreaming. Or maybe she really was dead. Maybe she did drown in the pond and was now in the afterlife. In this afterlife, she would pay in pain for her sins. Maybe they would keep walking on to a false destination that was never there to begin with.
She looked up at the sky. It had slowly turned a dark purple, emanating a serene glow among the trees. The man walking in front of her turned his head in every direction, as if expecting something to pop out at them from behind a tree. The intensity glared off his dark eyes as if his stare could penetrate right through the trees and linger on for miles.
Velondra couldn’t help thinking about the army that he had mentioned. If he thought that she was going to participate in any of his sick games, he was seriously crazy. Ha, she laughed inside as she looked at him ahead of her, he is nuts. Yep, she was probably going to end up in a ditch somewhere off the side of the highway. Maybe he was going to cut her up into little pieces and freeze her. Even worse, she thought, he would bury her alive. She breathed deep just at the thought of being under ground in a tight small wooden box with no way out and no chance at survival.
Velondra jerked her head around, as her thoughts were interrupted by the sound of rushing water. Her legs involuntarily moved faster. She was nearly walking right beside the man now, with anticipation running through her veins.
“Oh, finally,” she said to herself as they both approached a small stream that now glowed in the night sky. She ran right past him and kneeled down by the water, not caring that she was still tied up.
Her gulps of water were so loud and big that it made her throat hurt, but she didn’t care. She took in the water as if she had never tasted the freshness of it before. After a long drink, she cupped her hands, letting the cold water fill inside her palms. Pouring the water over her face made her feel almost clean for a minute as her dried sweat washed away with the coldness.
She turned her moistened face around to stare at the man who was sitting there patiently on a rock next to the rushing water. He seemed almost inhuman. His skin was transparent and pale and it stretched over his great muscles. She turned away, and took in more water.
“Are you not going to drink?” she asked, looking back to him again.
“Ha, pathetic human needs,” he stated and looked away, as if keeping guard.
“And you are not, human I mean?” she asked, taking in even more water. She couldn’t stop. She felt that if she did stop then he would want to start walking again.
“No,” he said, almost offended. “Does it look like it?” he asked, straightening himself as if he were supposed to be more superior.
“Well, yes,” she said taking in his body slowly from his head all the way down to his feet. “But if you are not human, then what are you?” she asked.
“I am a warrior of the silver moon. I have capabilities far beyond that of any human,” he said, trying to defend his pride.
“What is your name, please tell me?”
The man looked at her as she knelt down by the water, her radiant blue eyes staring at him. He finally answered with a low voice, “Triston.”
Triston looked almost sympathetic with his response and she couldn’t help but to look away.
“It’s time to go now, we have to keep moving,” he said, looking around again.
Now back into her cowering mode, she begged, “Wait, just a little more water.” Velondra cupped her hands back into the water. “Please,” she begged again as Triston started to get up.
“No,” was the only response he gave still surveying the land around them.
She had to think fast. What could she do to get water to go with her? She pulled off her sweater as fast as she could, letting it hang on the rope that was in her way. Velondra threw it in the stream, letting water soak its every seam and thread. She could feel the rope starting to tighten again. She brought her sweater up from the water just in time for the rope to swing her arms around, forcing her to travel in the same direction as Triston. She stumbled upward, trying to keep her sweater as clean from dirt as possible while it hung halfway on the rope and halfway on the tips of her fingers.
Walking faster now so she could drink the water that was drizzling onto the ground from her sweater, she held it up over her mouth. Doing that would be better than not having water at all. She thought how ironic it was that normally she would be trying to get a wet sweater to dry, but now all she wanted was for the sweater to stay wet for as long as possible. The longer it was wet, the more water she would be able to get from it.
Every five minutes or so, she would wring a small area of the sweater over her mouth to take in a few drops of water. It was starting to get dark and her sweater was getting dryer and dryer by the minute, but they still walked on.
How big could this forest possibly be, she wondered. When were they going to get where they were supposed to be going? She half hoped that they wouldn’t reach the end of the journey because she knew nothing of what was on the other end. Her legs were so tired and her sweatshirt was almost completely dry now. She couldn’t help the feeling of wanting to stop from creeping into her mind. Even if it was the end of the journey and possibly the beginning of her death, she needed a break.
Velondra didn’t have long to think before a sharp ringing filled her ears. Triston stopped in his tracks, holding his ears as she was now, and yelled, “We have to go.”
Velondra tugged the rope, making herself bleed even more. She wasn’t ready to die, and she wasn’t going to give in without a fight.
“I’m not going to deal with this now. Another being has been pulled through the portal,” he started to drag her across the dirt. “If I don’t get there in time he will die, do you want the blame for that?” he shouted, trying to persuade her to stop fighting.
“Why would it matter? I am going to die, he is going to die. I can’t save him anyway,” she yelled, not believing a word he said.
“Fine, have it your way,” he said as he pulled her closer with the rope and then picked her up and threw her over his strong shoulder.
Now running, it seemed that he would stop at nothing. The ringing had ceased but she could still hear it. The kid coming out of the water wouldn’t have any idea what he was in for, just like she hadn’t. Guilt filled her stomach with a sharp pain as she thought of the kid and how his life was going to change as hers had.
Triston had been running for at least twenty minutes when Velondra could smell something familiar. The air was rancid with a smell of dead fish. The surroundings didn’t look quite the same, but for the most part it was pretty much similar to the pond that she was wrenched out of.
This was the portal, she thought as Triston threw her to the ground and tied her rope to one of the great trees that surrounded the pond. She jumped up, trying to see everything she could.
Triston dived into the black water. His movement didn’t even make a ripple. It seemed as if this water wasn’t even water at all. Looking around, Velondra got a chill from how dark and evil this place was. She was half expecting some sort of troll or ghoul to jump out and attack her.
Her attention flew back to the pond when the ringing stopped. Triston broke the surface of the water holding a young boy in a red t-shirt and jean pants in his arms. The boy wasn’t moving when Triston set his lifeless body on the ground.
Please be ok, she thought, I will get us out of this. There was no way she was going to let the Sorceress take their lives. Now she had even more fight in her as she started trying to come up with plans to escape while Triston pumped black water out of the kid’s lungs. Her eyes pierced the two people in front of her. She hoped that the boy would breathe but a small part of her wanted the boy to die there so he would never give Triston the chance of turning him over to Triston’s mistress.
Just as the thought entered her head, the boy’s chest heaved with a big breath of air, and Velondra’s sank with a sigh.
“Thank you. What happened,” the boy asked with a strained voice as Triston pulled him into a standing position. Before the boy could really react Triston had another rope in his hand and was tying it around the boy’s hands.
“Hey, what are you doing?” the boy started to freak out. “What the hell is going on? I want to go home,” the boy yelled and struggled, his green eyes shifting around wildly. “Let me go,” he continued.
Triston swung his big arm in the air and let all his force out on the boy as he hit him hard in the face. The boy fell to the ground as blood spurted from his mouth.
“You only speak when spoken to,” Triston talked down to the boy. “Follow me, and don’t talk to the girl,” he ordered.
The boy wiped his bloody mouth, not moving.
“No one will help you. Now get up,” Triston yelled.
Velondra wanted to cry. It was obvious that Triston had enough of her and he was taking it out on the boy. She knew they were definitely going to die if she didn’t come up with some kind of escape plan. Looking at the boy as Triston untied her and linked the two ropes together at his end, Velondra tried to give the boy a reassuring look. All the boy did was look down at the ground. She knew how he felt, but at least he had her there.
Finally, after hours of walking Triston stopped, “We will rest here for a few hours, and then begin walking again when the sisters come to shine,” he said.
The boy looked at her in confusion but she had no idea what Triston meant. She thought it must have meant that they would start walking again when the two suns decided to rise, but the boy wouldn’t know that. He hadn’t been able to see anything of the sky when he was captured since they had been secluded in the dark forest and it was night time. Velondra was sure that he was happy that they were able to stop and rest, just as she was.
Triston sat on the fresh dirt and leaned back onto the tree behind him. She stood for a moment, and then she lay straight on the ground where she stood. The boy mimicked her and lay on the ground also. She offered him her sweat shirt, but he shook his head and pointed at her.
She lay there thinking that she should have fallen straight to sleep, but maybe she was just too exhausted to sleep. At least an hour must have passed, and she still had not fallen asleep. She was angry with herself for this. Why could Triston sleep so easily but she could not. The boy also seemed to have no trouble sleeping at all.
She looked at the sky in amazement. Now that she was stopped she could see it more properly. The stars shined more brightly than she had ever imagined they could, and the moon was huge. Come to think about it, the moon wasn’t even grey. It was most definitely silver and it glowed more than she ever remembered it glowing.
What if it wasn’t the moon that she had viewed so many times before? What if these were not the stars that she gazed at with wonder previously.  She found it almost impossible to believe that they were in another world. She laid there in silence, contemplating all of her what ifs.
A cool breeze passed over her body, breaking her concentration. Triston seemed to be unaffected by the breeze. She looked over at his silently resting body and was happy that he didn’t move. The boy had definitely felt it though for his head popped up. Then she heard a voice, “Don’t be afraid of me, and do as I say if you want to escape the warrior of the silver moon.”
Huh, she thought, as she gave a stir and looked towards Triston. He seemed completely dead to the voice. The boy did the same, and then looked at her like he was going crazy.
“You’re not going crazy Velondra,” it said. Her eyes widened in surprise that it knew her name. She definitely knew the voice was not coming from the boy for she was looking straight at him and his lips were not moving. He looked at her and seemed just as surprised.
Just as she was getting ready to ask how the voice knew her name and how it was speaking but not seen, it spoke again, “You can’t speak or he will wake up. Now you have to do exactly as I say and be absolutely quiet while doing so.”
She nodded her head in agreement. She didn’t know where the voice was coming from, but she was going to do anything to get away from Triston and try to help save the boy’s life.
“You have to find something to cut the rope,” it said. She shook her head in irritation, thinking if that’s all I needed to do don’t you think I would have done it already. The boy smiled and started to look around for a sharp rock or something that would cut the rope.
“Right, I know you have thought about that, but you haven’t thought of the right thing,” it responded. She realized that it could read her thoughts as her eyebrows raised and the boy looked around in curiosity. No matter how ridiculous that sounded to her, she was willing to accept it if it meant escaping. Well, what then, she thought.
“We need something that is pure gold,” it said as if that was really simple.
The boy threw is hands in the air in frustration. We’re doomed, she thought. Where am I going to get something that is pure gold without leaving Triston’s side? And of course while I am tied up in the first place, which is the whole problem we have to get past.
“Think,” it said more sternly.
She sat there and racked her brain. What, what, what. She sat up slowly, to look around. This was stressing her, making her muscles ache. Velondra started to rub the back of her neck. Then the boy started pointed frantically to her neck. Oh yes, she thought and then smiled as she felt the necklace around her neck. Running her fingers over it out of habit she realized that was their key to freedom.
The night she received this necklace from Carter was such a great night. Everything seemed to be just perfect. They had a romantic meal in the park, and then they walked along the beach and talked about anything and everything. Then they sat there on the beach looking at the stars. She had trusted him completely and she knew she loved him. She shuddered as she remembered how he touched her. How she had wanted to give in to every nerve that was soaring through her body, but she knew she wasn’t ready for that yet so they just laid there and listened to each other’s breaths.
He had sat up and looked at her deeply.
“What,” she had said.
“Velondra,” he said, “I love you. I love you with every inch of feeling in my body and soul, and I want us to be together forever.”
She remembered exactly how she had felt at the words. She hated to say those three meaningful words to someone unless she really meant it.
Her quiet voice replied to him, “I love you too, Carter.”
He smiled the biggest smile she had ever seen from him, and he leaned down and kissed her passionately. Giving her a chance to catch her breath, he reached into his pants pocket and grabbed out a small box. Her stomach had dropped at the thought of what that was. She really had loved him, but she wasn’t ready for marriage. They were still in high school. He opened it, and she sighed in relief. It was a necklace.
“I know it is plain, but it is solid gold,” he unhooked it and placed it around her neck. “It represents the circle of our love, never-ending,” he smiled.
“Solid gold, wow it must have cost a fortune,” she replied.
Back in reality, her eyes widened, nodding at the boy in agreement, letting him know that the necklace was gold, and apparently the only gold they had.
“That’s very good. Thank you Josh,” the owner of the invisible voice sounded excited. “Now use the necklace Velondra,” the voice said.
The voice startled her and suddenly she felt embarrassed from the thought that she had just let this voice in on her private and intimate memory.  The embarrassment quickly went away as a thought came to her mind. How could a necklace possibly cut a magic rope that tightened every time she tried to free herself from it?
Velondra looked at Josh and he had an odd look that made her think that he was thinking the same thing she was.
“It will work, it is not impossible. Just don’t think about the impossibilities of the situation right now and do as I say,” the voice demanded.
Ok, Velondra thought, still doubting.
“Now, take your necklace off, real quietly.”
She scooted a little closer to Triston, so he wouldn’t feel the tug of the rope, and then she proceeded to do as she was told. Now what?
“Now, put the necklace at a slight angle against the rope and cut into it,” the voice instructed. “Work it through the rope.”
Huh, she thought, as she looked Josh who was trying not to laugh. There was still no visual on where the voice was coming from, but hey, what the hell. So she grabbed the necklace, and with one last skeptical look around Josh, she brought the necklace to the rope.
Suddenly her necklace started to glow, and she widened her eyes in amazement. Josh gasped then covered his mouth with his hand when Velondra stared him down with one of those don’t make a move looks while putting one finger to her mouth to shush him. They both looked at Triston and let out slight breaths of relief when he didn’t move a muscle.
With a little hesitation, she brought the gold down onto the rope. The rope started to burn with the touch of the gold. She couldn’t believe her eyes. She roughly sawed the rope with the necklace. Looking up at Triston, her nerves started to go wild. She was going to be freed. Josh would live. It didn’t matter that this was absolutely out of her world because it was working.
The glowing gold had gone right through the rope and she was no longer attached to Triston. Velondra got up slowly and went straight for Josh’s rope. She looked at his hopeful green eyes. His short sandy hair was matted with sweat. He looked like he was going to jump out of his skin with excitement when the rope that was around his bloody wrists burned away just as easily as hers had. She guessed that he had tried to slip his wrists through the ropes also with how much blood was on his wrists.
“Now slowly get up and follow my voice. If you are not very quiet than he will wake up,” the voice commanded, now sounding relieved. Whoever the voice belonged to couldn’t possibly have been more relieved than she was.
Velondra picked up her sweater, holding her breath out of fear that she would wake him. Then she slowly turned to the direction of the moon, which was where she had thought she heard the voice coming from. She ushered Josh to follow her.
“Good, keep coming,” it said. “Keep coming.”
The voice repeated the same thing for almost ten minutes. She kept thinking, how far are you? How could she and Josh hear the voice and Triston couldn’t, she asked the voice inside her head, but it kept saying the same thing?
She honestly didn’t really care that she wasn’t getting any answers. Her and Josh was now free and that’s what mattered. She touched the chain around her neck and thought; I never thought that this would one day save mine and another person’s life. It had though. It went straight through the rope that bound her wrists together. Feeling her bleeding wrists, relief filled her body.
“Alright stop,” the voice said abruptly.
Her thoughts scattered as she halted and Josh practically ran into the back of her. We’re not far enough from him, she thought, he will find us within minutes of waking up.
“This is not the end of our journey, but I will need to show myself for you guys to follow me to a safe place,” it said.
She looked around. The woods had gotten denser and she hadn’t even realized that there was something else with her since so far it had just been a voice in her head. Ok then, show yourself, she thought.
“Ok, I will, but I know your world, and the people in it, and you will not take kindly to me.”
She couldn’t imagine why he thought this.
“I am not like anything that either of you will have ever of seen. When I show myself, you guys must promise to contain any emotion so as not to give Triston any stir, do you promise?” the voice asked.
Of course, she thought, how bad can it be? Josh must have agreed also for there was a small cold breeze, just like that of when the voice came, and then came a little cracking sound. Right in front of her a shape appeared. Almost as tall as her, a figure with bright, shiny fish scaled wings stood before her and Josh.
“Remember what I said,” the thing stated aloud, showing razor sharp teeth. “I can no longer hear your thoughts though, so anything that you want to say must be said aloud.”
Wow, she thought as Josh asked, “What are you?”
She took in his full appearance. His arms and legs were almost human like, except that his toes and fingers were webbed and completely covered in the same shiny blue scales as that of his wings. He had no clothes, although she didn’t think he needed any, he most definitely wasn’t human. There was not a single hair on his body or at least that was what she concluded from what she could see under the moon light. His eyes were so unique, that was what she noticed most. They glowed green, and seemed to be looking straight at her. Where were her manners, she thought.
“What is your name,” she asked, “mine is Velondra, which you already knew, but how?”
“My name is Yurloft, and I am a blue specked fishler,” he replied. “But as for the rest of your questions, I fear they will have to wait until we are in the lands of safety.”
Velondra looked at Josh, knowing that they both had so many questions, but he looked content with waiting. They wouldn’t have a choice anyway. They needed to be in a safe place that was away from Triston.
“Talking aloud as much as we have has already been a risk, so we cannot talk for the rest of the journey, it won’t be long, now follow me,” he turned and walked forward.
Velondra was taken aback by his forwardness and was still a little weary about following him.
“Are you guys coming, or would you rather let Triston find you?” Yurloft asked as he looked back and seen their hesitation. She looked back to where Triston still was then shot a questioning gaze at Josh.
Josh pushed forward saying, “Come on, I’m not letting him find us,” and she knew that she had better follow. Triston was a mad man and there was no telling what he would do if he found them. So she went forward after Josh, walking on into the abyss of trees. This time she felt more confident that what lay ahead of them must be better than what Triston and his Sorceress had in store for them.



Chapter 4
The New Quest
“Ahhhhhh….. Where are you?” Triston yelled, completely furious with himself.
How could he have let them escape, he hadn’t even realized the chain around the girls neck was that of earthly gold. Gold is the only substance that could penetrate the magic bindings of the Sorceress.
“Come out, girl, or you will regret it when I find you,” he yelled, running in through the forest. “Ahhh, I will kill you both,” he roared the most threatening voice he could conjure up.
It would take much restraint on his part not to beat the woman within inches of life if he found her. The boy was a different story. He would definitely beat the boy.
“Girl, you will come out of hiding,” he ranted. “I will find you, and when I do you will regret it,” he threatened, his voice becoming steadier and decreasing in volume.
He knew it was more his fault than the humans that the enemy had found the prisoners. He never should have let the girl hydrate her body at the stream. If he would have stayed clear of the water, the enemy would never have even known where he was at.
Why did he let her drink from the stream? Never had he let any of the others. Did she have some sort of power over him because she was a woman, he questioned himself. Ha, of course not. Not a single being except the Sorceress could have power over him. I just didn’t think it through, he assured himself. Why did he stop to rest when he knew full well that he was close to the enemies land?
It didn’t really matter how or why the prisoners were gone. The fact was that they were most definitely gone, and the enemy wouldn’t be so quick to give them up. He had to find them and get them back before the Sorceress found out what he had done. He ran towards the rush of water. The suns had not risen yet which meant that they couldn’t have gone far. There was still a chance he could catch up to them.
There was no doubt that Yurloft was behind this. He was so noble and wise, but if he were to come face to face with Triston, Yurloft wouldn’t have a chance. Triston would skin those little scales and clip his wings. The worst thing you could ever do to a fishler would be to clip its wings. He had been trying to capture that little vermin for quite some time now. The Sorceress had condemned all fishlers to death but Yurloft survived and has been hiding since.
Triston knew he was almost there because he could smell the girls scent. The girl had a distinct scent that he had no problem remembering. His eyes squinted to improve the distant sight.
“Yes,” he exclaimed, maybe louder than what he intended to, for the prisoners and Yurloft started running even faster than they already were. He pulled his sword out of its sheath and darted at them, hoping to catch them before they reached the water.
Triston could run faster than they could and was catching up quickly. He must have been within ten feet of them now. The boy was closest to him, then the girl, and then Yurloft leading. What stupid fools, he thought, like they had a chance.
“You can’t escape,” Triston yelled, now three feet away from them, but they were also three feet away from the stream.
He was so close that he thrust his sword forward and gave it a swipe sideward’s, hoping to wound the boy enough to stall them from reaching the safety of the water. Instead of stopping them all he managed to do was slice the boy’s shoulder. It wasn’t enough to stop him from jumping through the water and into the fishler’s tunnels.
Triston was forced to jump over the stream to avoid what he was sure would be great pain. The prisoners and Yurloft disappeared beneath the water’s surface as Triston tumbled over the other of the river bank.
***
Velondra walked on behind Yurloft and in front of Josh, anxious to find out where exactly safety was. She was exhausted and very hungry. It had been at least thirty hours since she had a meal, and she was sure that Josh was feeling the same way. Yes some people could go longer, but she couldn’t. She needed a meal, especially after all that walking. Velondra had practically walked for an entire day, and half a night.
Everything seemed so quiet, but that was a good thing. At least Triston hadn’t waken up yet and found them not attached to the other end of his rope. The land was starting to get a purple glow to it so she figured the suns must be coming up. Although Yurloft said that he couldn’t read her mind right now, it was hard to believe. Just as she had thought of the suns rising he stated, “Yes the suns are rising now, we must hurry. It won’t be long before he wakes.”
“Ahhhhhhh….,” they all stopped in their tracks at the sound of the yell. She knew who that was. Triston must be awake. She looked at the other two with fear stricken eyes as Yurloft said in a grave voice, “run.” She didn’t need to be told twice. Her legs jumped into gear just as fast as they had stopped. They all started to run for their lives. Triston’s yells were soon muffled by her heavy breaths.
Her chest ached with every breath and she didn’t know how much longer she could run. Her mind was made up for her when she heard the word ‘yes’ yelled not too far from them. She knew it was Triston’s voice.
The sound of a sword being drawn made her look for the source. She looked behind her, and there Triston was. He had almost caught up to them. Triston was running faster than she ever could have. She sped up as fast as she could, still following Yurloft.
“Josh hurry… Come on,” she yelled back at Josh. “He’s right behind you.”
“Its right here, keep going, don’t stop and don’t look behind you,” Yurloft shouted back at her.
Why the stream, how was that going to save them?
“Just ahead Josh, hurry,” she yelled anyway, hoping that Yurloft was right. She wanted nothing more than to make sure that at least Josh got to safety.
“You can’t escape,” she heard Triston yell, no more than a few feet behind them.
She studied the running water, but was still really confused. Yurloft murmured something that she couldn’t hear. She wasn’t sure that she would have understood what Yurloft had said even if she had heard it clearly.
Then, rather swiftly, the water seemed to rise almost ten feet high. When it was fully parted, it revealed a cave like domain in between the draping water. It was unbelievable, but she didn’t care, Triston was so close behind them.
Yurloft jumped into the entrance yelling at her to do the same. Yelling back at Josh to follow, she jumped straight at the cave and landed in a tumble onto the cave floor. The raw sound of Triston’s sword swishing through the air behind them was the last sound before an ear wrenching yell escaped Josh’s mouth. She looked back in time to see Triston jumping over the water that enclosed the entrance to the cave.
“Josh, are you ok?” she scrambled towards Josh who was now hunched over, grabbing his shoulder. “What happened?”
“Ahhh,” he winced as she tried to look at it.
“Are you alright, let me see,” Yurloft said, getting up to see to his wound. “Ah, yes, he did get a good sliver of your shoulder now didn’t he?” Yurloft looked at Josh’s wound. “Well, at least we are safe now. It won’t be long before you can get a good rest and hearty meal to strengthen you up,” Yurloft finished, helping Josh up from the dirty ground.
Velondra looked at Josh’s wound. If this were normal circumstances, he would have to go to a hospital to survive this with all the blood loss, she thought. If it were normal circumstances, he never would have been in this mess in the first place.
“We have to get to my domain, and then I can patch you up. Velondra, are you hurt at all?” Yurloft asked, sounding more concerned for her health than Josh’s.
She looked at Josh with a glance of sympathy then replied, “I’m fine. We should get going before Josh loses too much blood.” Putting one of Josh’s arms over her shoulder, she helped him walk.
“Thanks,” he gasped as they moved to follow Yurloft.
Traveling through the cave, Velondra could still hear the rush of water, she just couldn’t figure out exactly where it was coming from.
“When will we reach water again? I’m so thirsty from all this walking,” she complained.
“Me too,” Josh piped up in agreement.
“Well, you will have to wait until we reach my domain. You see, the water is actually above us, which is a good thing, it keeps the warriors of the evil Sorceress away.”
“So we are underground right now, under the stream?” she asked.
“Yes,” he replied as if it were an obvious fact.
Josh asked exactly what Velondra was thinking, “How does having the water above us keep the warriors away?”
Yurloft walked on ahead of them, not looking back as he answered, “The Sorceress has all her minions under a spell so she can control their souls. The water has some sort of a side effect on them because they are now evil like the Sorceress. The water is too pure and honest for them to touch. The only way down here, is through the water,” Yurloft explained, his feet flapping on the cave floor.
“But I am not wet and we were able to get down here, why can’t Triston just do what we did to get down here?” Velondra questioned in curiosity.
“Because he is not a fishler, and only fishlers can perform the magic that I had performed just before opening the entrance,” he said simply.
“What will happen to them if they do touch the water? What’s the side effect that you were talking about?” Velondra asked, still holding one of Josh’s arms.
“It would melt the flesh off their bones, like an acid would react to your skin.”
“Really, that’s awesome,” Josh exclaimed in a gasp of breath.
She didn’t think it was awesome at all. The thought of Triston’s skin melting off of his great muscular figure disturbed her greatly. She couldn’t exactly figure out why it had disturbed her. It was probably because she felt that he must still have a little innocence in him if was just under her spell.
Triston’s skin melting from his body would be something that he would deserve, she thought. After everything that he had put them through he would deserve it. Not to mention any others that might have been through the same, but finished with the fate that would have been hers and Josh’s if they hadn’t of escaped. Oh, she tilted her head in amazement, the others. She hadn’t even stopped to think of any others for the last day and a half. Her focus had been on escaping and helping Josh escape.
The pond, she thought, bringing back a horde of memories all in a flash. The only one that mattered was the reason she found the pond, and why she had fallen in it. Her brother Eric had also fallen into the pond. This thought excited her because it gave her an idea. Her brother might still be alive. Her blood started to rush when she realized that Triston probably found him. What if Eric was part of the Sorceress’s dark army, like Triston said she and Josh were supposed to be?
“Yurloft, have you been able to save anyone else from Triston?” she asked, hoping that he might have.
He looked down but still moved forward as he answered quietly, “No. You two are the only ones that have managed to get away.”
“What, why?” she shot out in dismay.
“That is just how things happened. Triston is stronger than you can believe, and his sword is wielded with the blood of the warriors of the silver moon,” Yurloft looked back at them both. “Their blood is poisonous. There is so much more that you need to know, but that will come in time.”
“No, I need to know what happens to the others. Where do they go, and what does the Sorceress do to them? Why does she need to raise a dark army or whatever?” her questions started to pour like a faucet. She was now angry that she was not getting the answers that she needed, and also because hope that her brother was alive was slipping further away every second.
Velondra stopped walking and let go of Josh who had grabbed the cave wall for support.
“A dark army,” Josh looked at them in confusion, “what’s going on? I would like some questions answered too, like where the hell are we at?” he gasped. “I was just walking through the woods and decided to go swimming in this pond that just so happened to suck me through the bottom like a fat girl sucking a milk shake, then I end up here with you, and you,” he pointed at Yurloft and Velondra. “My mom is going to freak out. I have to get home. I don’t even know where home is,” he rambled on.
“Calm down. I don’t know where we are at either and I want to go home too. Well at least back to where I’m from,” Velondra mumbled the last part, putting a hand on Josh’s good shoulder to settle him down.
“I will be happy to answer all the questions you would like, after we get a nice meal and drink, and I dress that wound on your back,” Yurloft said gesturing towards Josh as he started walking forwards again.
Velondra sighed. She had waited for several months actually thinking that her brother was dead, so she figured that she could wait awhile longer. On top of that she felt really bad for Josh. She hadn’t really thought about what he was going through and it made her feel guilty as she put his arm around her shoulder once more for support.
The pathway seemed to get wider and wider the further they walked. She hoped that they were almost there. She didn’t feel like she could go much longer without food, and she was sure Josh was losing too much blood. She kept asking if he was ok and if he needed to stop but she had the feeling he was trying to suck it up and be a man in front of her.
Yurloft stopped suddenly and said, “We’re here.” Not understanding what he was getting at, Velondra looked around curiously as Josh said, “Um, ok, here where, there’s nothing here.”
All she could see was cave walls tunneling either forward or backward, but nowhere was there a place for food and drink. Then Yurloft started patting the cave wall as if he was looking for a door knob that should have been poking out of the rough surface.
Josh and Velondra exchanged looks of confusion as they both studied the cave wall, trying to figure out what he was looking for. Instead of a door knob, Yurloft stuck two fingers out and pushed into one of the many nubs that surfaced the cave wall. His scaled fingers seem to be absorbed into the stone. Velondra could hear Yurloft saying something very softly. It actually didn’t even sound like a human sound. It reminded her of what a fish would sound like if it were to smack its bulging lips together.
“Take my hands,” he demanded them both. She hesitated for a moment, not sure of what would happen, but decided it would be better to do so. If she didn’t then she would be left behind because Josh had already grabbed Yurloft’s hand.
All three of them stood side by side, Yurloft in the middle. She thought to herself, this is nuts. Then she felt a sudden tingling feeling going into her finger tips. His hand was a little cold, but not enough to make her numb. Her body was definitely going numb though. It was like she was being injected with Novocain.
“You ready?” Yurloft asked.
Josh’s eyes was curious, “This is weird.”
Nodding, she realized that her whole body was feeling numb now. It had amazed her that the two legs beneath her were still able to hold their normal demand of weight. Yurloft moved forward, straight into the wall, dragging the both of them with him. She felt like she was being sucked through a hall of big soft pillows as her body slid right through the wall.
Everything went by so quickly that she couldn’t make out what she had just seen. Now they were in a room that most definitely still somewhere inside the cave dwellings that she had been walking through the last hour.
Looking around, everything seemed to be so odd. There were things hung up on the wall, like great skeletons of animals that she had never seen before, and great shiny green, cocoon like lamps. At least that’s what she thought they were. The walls were very different than what they were in the pathway of the cave. Although they still were part of the cave walling, they had small, tiny spiraling tubes of water engraved everywhere, even on the roofing of the cave room.
She moved forward to get a better view of the rest of the room when she realized that the ground beneath her was no longer hard. Looking down, she saw that they were standing on one great rubber mat that covered the complete flooring of the room.
Josh seemed to have no problem asking questions for he shot out another one at Yurloft, “What’s this?” he pointed his foot into the rubbery floor.
“It is whale skin. It’s really soft, but nearly impossible to keep clean,” he answered, huffing at it in displeasure.
“Please, have a seat, I will get the supplies to clean and dress your wound,” Yurloft ordered, gesturing over to the small table on their right.
The table only had two chairs, both of which were wooden like the table. Josh took the one closest to the wall, and she took the other. Velondra figured it would be easier to survey the rest of this unusual room from that seat.
Sitting down, she realized that this table was not like a normal wooden table. It looked as if someone had taken a tree and carelessly skinned it of its bark leaving it rough with sharp edges, and then made a table like object out of it. The chairs were quite the same as the table. Velondra thought that Yurloft might have actually made the furniture himself.
Yurloft had walked over to a small cabinet, which looked much like the table and chairs, and started pulling out bottles and cloths. The only other thing she could see in the room was another bigger cabinet that was just a few feet away from the one that Yurloft had been grabbing things out of. Velondra leaned back, just now understanding how much her body really ached.
“Alright, now let’s get this patched up,” Yurloft ordered Josh.
She wondered what Josh was thinking now. He probably missed his mom. She wondered if her mother even missed her right now. Was her mom worried about her? Had she called the cops to go look for her at all? Velondra doubted it very much, but all her thoughts were scattered as Josh shouted out a cry of agony.
“I know it hurts, but we have to clean it,” Yurloft tried to be gentle. “The poison from the sword has run deep, but it’s nothing that a little turtle blood won’t cure.”
It had taken about fifteen minutes for him to clean Josh’s wound and put the turtle blood over it so the pain would cease. She didn’t look at it because she knew it would make her nauseous, especially since Josh kept wincing and gasping.
“Alright, time for some food and drink,” Yurloft finally announced after putting all his supplies back.
She felt so relieved that she was finally going to get something to eat. Yurloft had gone over to the bigger cabinet and pulled out crackers and, what she guessed were supposed to be cups. They looked more like hardened leaves that were shaped into a cup like figure though.
What he did next was even odder. He reached up and thrust his hand into one of the shiny green cocoon like objects which she had thought were lamps. Pulling his hand out, he seemed to have snagged something in the process. They were some sort of melons.
It was all very strange to her, but she didn’t care. The anticipation that her starving stomach gave was too much to handle. Her manners were the only thing keeping her from digging into the food.
Josh didn’t care at all about his manners. He dug in as soon as Yurloft set the food on the table. While he dug in, Yurloft grabbed the leaflet cups and brought them up to the spiraling tubes in the cave wall. He pulled one tube out of the wall and fresh water streamed out of it, filling the cups with freshness.
As soon as Yurloft took a seat on the rubbery floor, she was ready to throw her manners out the window. Velondra gave in to her aching stomach and ate as much as it could possibly hold, for she did not know when she would be able to eat again.
She had been so busy eating, that she hadn’t even realized that all three of them were in complete silence. Velondra looked at Yurloft as she put down the last bit of melon. She was so full she couldn’t eat another bite.
Yurloft had finished quite some time before either of them. He sat there patiently while they indulged in the greatness of the crackers, melon, and fresh water.
“Thank you so much. I’m sorry to have left my manners behind me,” she apologized, now a little ashamed that she had ignored him throughout her dining experience.  “The meal was delightful.”
“Yes, thank you,” Josh repeated Velondra. “I was so hungry I felt like I could eat a horse, and thank you for patching my shoulder,” he gestured to the bulky cloth that rested on his shoulder under his dirty red t-shirt. “It already feels so much better,” Josh explained.
“That is absolutely fine. I am really pleased that you both enjoyed it,” Yurloft smiled. “You’re welcome Josh, but what is a horse?” Yurloft replied with confusion.
Josh looked at Velondra with an amused expression.
“Never mind that, it doesn’t matter. Can you explain what’s going on now?” Velondra asked, now to anxious to wait any longer to find out more about her brother.
“Ya, I would like to know that too,” Josh nodded in agreement.
“Yes, I think you are as ready as you will ever be,” Yurloft finished.



Chapter 5
All is Revealed
Triston yelled at the top of his lungs. Anger filled every inch of his mind and body. How could he have let them get away? Three inches between them, and he missed. Wait, he thought, he didn’t miss completely. He had wounded the boy. He picked up the blood stained sword that had been thrown earlier in the midst of his fury.
What now, he thought, as his body kneeled on the ground in defeat. He knew the Sorceress would be very angry with him, but fear was not the emotion running through him at the moment. Loneliness seemed to weigh down on his shoulders more now than it had in a very long time.
Why should he care that she was gone now? What made her different from the others? He didn’t even care about the boy. His mind seemed to forget to boy easily when he thought of the girl.
Pacing back and forth from tree to tree, Triston kept racking his brain for some sort of theory to his questions. It seemed that only seconds had passed since they got away when a sudden high pitched ringing filled his ears.
He knew this sound also. The Sorceress was calling to him. This was not her normal call though, she was furious. He had only been called by her with this ring once before, and she about took his life when he came to her. He had tried to run away from his duties and his agreement with her. Since she owned his soul, she owned his thoughts too. The Sorceress knew that he was attempting to rid himself of their arrangement and she was able to catch him in the act.
Why was the Sorceress this angry that he had lost a few of her soldiers? Many of them had tried to run away, but he had caught them all before they had gotten too far. She hadn’t given him enough time to get them back. He didn’t dare disobey the Sorceress though so he ran on towards the great stone castle once more.
***
“So, our little soldiers are in the hands of those disgusting traders,” the Sorceress asked Triston, as he stood there dumbstruck, not sure whether to answer or not. “Tell me, how did this happen?”
“Your majesty, he used the winds of Earleith to quiet my ears. I was unable to notice a change.”
“But still you took it towards the running water, knowing full well that there was that risk,” she stated darkly, now turning towards him. She still hid in the shadows. Triston could not see her nor did he want to. She was probably reading his thoughts for that was exactly what he was thinking, that he shouldn’t have let it drink the water.
“Your majesty, there is still time. I can get her and the boy back, if only…..” he started but sank back in alarm, for the Sorceress yelled at that very moment.
“HER?”
He knew that he had said something wrong as soon as the Sorceress yelled. She was pacing in the shadows now.
“What do you mean her, how did a girl get through the portal,” she shouted. “How?” she repeated.
Triston didn’t know whether to answer or not. He didn’t understand what the big deal was.
“Tell me how a mere girl can break the forces of my magic and come into this world?” she ranted on.
Triston stood there, a few steps farther than he was just a moment ago. He still held his posture, trying not to show weakness. He hadn’t realized that it was such a great deal that a girl had come through the portal. True, it had only been boys, but he paid no mind to the difference.
“Your majesty, I am not sure what this means. I…”
She kept pacing in the darkness of the room. This was the very room that Triston had always brought her the subjects for her dark army.
“No, of course you don’t have any idea what this means, you idiot. You imbecile! Your good for nothing, I ought to thrash you to pieces and then eat every bit of your blood and flesh, but make sure you stay alive long enough to feel all the pain. How dare you make such a mistake,” she rambled on, yelling and raving as she paced back and forth.
“Your majesty, I can find her,” Triston tried to get her to calm down. “I can get her back to you, and your army will be closer to being complete.”
He could see her figure, gliding along the brick floor. Suddenly she stopped, and he could tell that she was facing him. Please don’t come out of the shadows, he thought.
“My army will have to wait, for this girl could mean the end of the world,” she said so quietly that Triston could barely hear her. He thought he sensed a little fear in her voice.
“You will find this girl, and when you do, you bring her to me as quickly as you can,” she ordered him, now pacing again. “Save the boy too, we still need our army.”
Triston looked up from the ground in surprise, but didn’t say anything.
The Sorceress didn’t seem to realize that he was there anymore. Massaging her shoulder, she rolled her head, popping the knots in her neck as she did so. As soon as her head came back to its original position, she seemed to come back from where ever she had wandered off to. She yelled again towards Triston, “What are you waiting for? Go and get them.”
Triston left the dark musty room and once more, headed for the chained freedom outside the castle doors. He walked on, pondering all that he had just heard. End of the world. How could a simple girl mean the end of the world?
There were many legends in this world that people believed in, and a lot of them were about the end of the world. Now this whole matter rested upon his shoulders. The end of the world huh, he thought again. Well maybe the end of this world wouldn’t be that bad. It was already in a doomed state of war anyway and if the Sorceress won the war, what little view of the free world that the enemies had now, would be at an end.
***
Velondra had been anticipating this moment for awhile. Now she would know exactly what was going on in this so called magical world that she knew nothing of. Yurloft had waited in silence for quite a long time. Velondra was happy that Josh was being patient and waiting in silence also.
It was as if Yurloft couldn’t find the words to say, or what it was that he was supposed to say. She just sat there patiently, knowing that she could blow the chance of the explanation if she pushed him on. Yurloft looked down at the floor in pure concentration, and then started to explain with a low voice what was happening in the world around her.
“The world that you now stand in is in great danger, far beyond what you could imagine. We are at war. The Sorceress is building a vast army so as to invade the lands of the East, or at least that is what our spies have gathered. King Yaspa is the ruler of the Eastern Lands and he has his own army, but it is not nearly as significant in size compared to the Sorceress’s. Yaspa will fall when the Sorceress invades his lands. When that happens, the Sorceress will move to the Western Lands and do the same to King Demond. Then she will move to the north, taking down the Queen Genevive. When this happens and all is in the hands of the Sorceress, this world will be fully in a state of darkness. Evil will rule and the lands of the New Velipia will desecrate into a foul sourness.”
Yurloft stopped for a moment, letting Velondra and Josh take in all the information that had been given. A look of dismay and confusion filled Velondra’s eyes. She decided that this moment was the best to catch up and ask any questions.
“So this world is called Velipia?”
“This world is the New Velipia. Velipia was the home planet of the great royals. Their planet was on the brink of extinction. The royals and their servants were all that were left besides a few others. When the world fell, they sent the last four living royals to inhabit this world and carry on the royal bloodline,” Yurloft explained.
Josh sat in silence, taking in all the information. It was apparent that Velondra was asking the same questions he was thinking, so she continued.
“You said four, but have only mentioned three royals. King Yaspa of the East, King Demond of the West, and Queen Genevive of the North, but who is the ruler of the South?” she asked, not able to hold in her questions now. Josh sat in anticipation, waiting to hear more.
“Well now, you don’t miss a thing. Or do you? I did mention the ruler of the South. The Sorceress is the royal ruler of the South. She was born as a royal and is Queen Zendria of the Southern Lands. Her given name is no longer used for those who are enemies of the Sorceress see her as nothing more than an evil being and believe that she is not worthy of the title. Those who are allies of the Sorceress believe that they are not great enough to even say the name of the queen. The royals and very few Velipian servants that were still alive from the home planet came to this world and inhabited it. They made the world what it is today.”
“Now why don’t the other three royals bind together and form one great army?” Josh finally spoke up. Velondra knew that he was itching with questions.
“If it were only that easy child. King Yaspa and King Demond are enemies of each other. Queen Genevive is in a state of ignorance, not wanting to realize that the Sorceress is rebelling against the destiny that was given to her, just as a destiny was given to the other royals.”
Velondra was deep in thought, but glad that Josh kept the story on edge with more questions, “What are their destinies?”
Yurloft sat so patiently, giving them all the answers that he was capable of giving.
“The royal four that were sent from the sky will rule the four corners of the land, creating a new Velipia. A Velipia that already has flaws. It is flaws that make the presence of a ruler important. Now all had gone well for quite some time, until the battle of the East and West started. Then the Sorceress realized that one corner of the earth was too small to be significant. She wanted all of the land to be under her power.”
“So she is building an army that will destroy the three rulers and the people that follow them, but how?” Velondra asked, now so entwined into the story that she didn’t notice her fingernails were digging into her cheek, or that her legs were shaking from impatience.
“Well there are a fair share of warlocks and witches that have sided with the Sorceress, but there are also the devil backed dragons, the trolls, the rebel gargoyles, the goblins, and many more creatures that I’m sure you have not heard of. Then there is the things from your world,” he said, looking down, knowing that this is the part of the story that she had really been waiting for.
Velondra’s eyes widened when he said, her world. She had been so wrapped up in this new world that she hadn’t even thought of her own for awhile. Her world seemed more and more unreal to her as she plunged further into the world of the New Velipia.
This is what she had been waiting for and she wasn’t going to waste anymore time, so she asked, “What things, you mean all the kids that have disappeared, like my brother?” she asked. “What has happened to them? They can’t be dead, or there would be no army for the Sorceress.”
“Wait, kids, disappearing. Now this is what I’ve been waiting for. Does that mean that I was supposed to be part of this army?” Josh asked Yurloft a little aggressively.
“Yes Josh. That is why you were pulled through the portal, and apparently so was Velondra’s brother. No they are not dead,” he said looking at Velondra. “We don’t know what they are. Very few of us have ever seen them. They walk and talk as if they were alive, but they look dead.”
They stared at him with a puzzled look pasted to their faces, but said nothing, waiting for him to explain.
“The Sorceress has set up portals all throughout her land. These portals lead to the other realm which is your world. She has put spells and enchantments on the ponds, making it to where only select beings may travel through the portal. We don’t know exactly why she chose that of what she has. Those whom she has chosen for her dark army all seem to be much alike.”
Velondra’s thoughts were swarming through her mind like a wild bee hive. She remembered what she had seen on the news casting the night before she had been ripped from her own world and into this one. It had said that many young teen boys had come up missing in the last year. How odd it was to her that so many had come up missing and they were all around the same age.
Her excitement was still brewing on the edge. She had to know what happened to her brother. Maybe there was still a chance that she could save him, so she asked, “What happens to the boys that go through the portal? What happens to them when they go to the Sorceress?”
“Ya. What happens to them, what was going to happen to me?” Josh pressed, pushing his sandy hair out of his face.
A troubled look ran across Yurloft’s face, but he answered all the same. “When the boys, that’s what you call them right? Well when they go to the Sorceress, she rips the soul from their bodies, leaving them empty. Then to turn them into part of her dark army, she tortures them into madness. You can hear them when they get tortured if your near her castle. It is an evil act, but that is how she controls them.”
Velondra looked down, tears now forming in her eyes. All she could think about was Eric. How could she let him fall into such a fate? She stood up, now pacing the rubber like floor of Yurloft’s home while Josh sat back in his chair, skin pale and sweaty.
Her emotions were running high, her blood racing through her veins, and now she felt that she could hate the Sorceress more than anything that she had ever hated.
“We have to save him,” she blurted out, startling Yurloft and making him look up from the ground that he had been staring at previously.
“There is nothing that we can do for him. What has been done has been done. They are monsters now. Creatures of the dark that have been completely driven into madness by the Sorceress,” he tried to explain.
Velondra wouldn’t take the impossibility. If they were still alive, if Eric was still alive, then she could still save him.
“He’s still alive though. My brother Eric is still alive. I will go get him and bring him back to my world. He can see a doctor, he can….” She rambled on, but Yurloft interrupted.
“Your brother may still be alive, but you wouldn’t recognize him if you looked him straight in the face. He wouldn’t recognize you either, for he is filled with nothing but hatred. He will kill you if he sees you. I’m sorry. There is nothing we can do.”
Velondra’s head sunk as the tears started to pour. She felt outraged that Yurloft was not giving her any chance of hope to save her brother. She had to do something. To give up hope would leave her exactly where she had been when she had run away from home, ready to give herself to death. If there was even the slightest chance to save Eric, she had to do it. She couldn’t let him go twice. What could she do? What could she do? Velondra thought.
“What happens if the Sorceress dies, or she loses the war?” Velondra asked, ready to do anything to save her brother.
Yurloft looked up in amazement, as if the possibility was beyond reason.
“Velondra, as much as we would all be gratified if either of those options came into action, the odds are so very slim.”
“Just answer me,” Velondra ordered. “What would happen to the boys that are now in her possession?”
“Their souls would return to their bodies, but I don’t know if their state of mind would still be the same. They have been tortured into madness,” he repeated, now looking at Velondra for some sign of understanding.
Josh stood up and rested his hand on her shoulder as he said, “I will help you save your brother. I owe you for helping me escape what your brother now has to go through,” his eyes were sympathetic. “I’m sorry that this has happened. I will do everything in my power to help.”
“No, I can’t let you do that. You need to stay here until we can get a way home,” she replied quickly. Josh was very brave but also very young. She couldn’t let him give his life for her or her brother.
“No way, I’m going and there’s nothing you can do about it,” Josh fired at her. “I can’t stay here. It’s going to take a long time for you to do this, and you’re going to need the help,” he tried to convince her.
“You will be safe here. I can’t risk it,” she stated as if it was final.
“I’m going. You’re not my mom. Come on,” he begged, “I could help. You’re going to have to sleep sometime, then who will watch your back?”
“Yurloft will,” she answered, “Right?”
“Actually, I wouldn’t be able to go the whole journey with you.”
Velondra paced the small cave like room. She thought for a long time about what she was getting herself into, and what she was getting Josh into. What else was there for her to do? She was ready to give into death when she traveled through the pond. She would have to stand up against the Sorceress. Whether she had to do it alone or not, she was ready to use all the fight in her to bring her brother back to safety. Josh was willing to help her, and even though she didn’t want to admit it, she needed help.
“I want to fight the Sorceress. I want to bind with her enemies and fight her to the death,” she said seriously so Yurloft would be sure to understand her.
“Me too, I want to fight too,” Josh confirmed with a stern look across the room at Velondra.
“Do you realize what you are getting yourself into? If she catches you guys, you will no longer just be the humans that got away. You will be her enemy and she will not be merciful to you in anyway,” Yurloft said, as he got up and started to pace the room. He paid no attention to his scaled feet that were making a smacking noise on the rubber floor.
Velondra now followed Yurloft around the room while Josh leaned against the wall, eager to find out what was next. She was sure Josh was just happy that he didn’t have to stay in Yurloft’s cave.
“I don’t care what happens to me, but as long as I have the chance to do so, I will try to save my brother,” she told Yurloft who kept pacing. “I let him slip away once. I won’t let it happen again,” Velondra was determined. “Josh, you have to promise that if we get to a point that you’re in danger, you will save yourself,” she ordered him. She hoped that Yurloft would realize that she was not going to give up on this.
Yurloft continued to pace the room, thinking real hard on what to do next.
Velondra sat back down at the table. She was a little tired of the pacing and the silence, but she didn’t want to break it. Yurloft looked in deep concentration and she hoped he would help her fight the Sorceress and save her brother.
“Alright, if you are completely serious about wanting to fight, and you Josh are willing to help, then I think it’s time for you guys to meet a few beings,” Yurloft finally said after a long silence.
“I am very serious,” Velondra replied.
“Me too,” Josh agreed.
Yurloft looked at them intently.
“Okay then, we will leave now,” Yurloft said, and then started to gather up a few things.
Velondra grabbed her sweater, for it was the only belonging she had, and then sat patiently waiting for Yurloft. Josh stood in place and seemed to be in deep concentration. She wondered if he knew what he was getting himself into, but then again she didn’t even know.
After a few minutes of Yurloft wandering the cave, he went to the wall that they had came through to get into his home, and said, “Alright, are you ready?”



Chapter 6
The Prophecy
Nightfall dwelled beyond the purple sky above the mountains. Soon enough the rise of the silver moon would cast a glow over the forsaken land, and as beautiful as it looked, Triston knew that it was a dangerous beauty. He had been thinking about how this girl, the Sorceress had called it, could be the end of the world.
The answer to his question could very well lie within the being of a certain night clan. He had been travelling for most of the suns light and knew that he would be arriving at the one place that would bring him closer to his task; the cave of the Greyback gargoyles.
Triston had travelled far into New Velipia’s most sinister mountain range. He knew he was getting close to the cave. The heat was beaming and making the air heavy to breathe in, and the smell of rotten flesh seemed to linger in the air. A dense grey fog gathered around Triston’s feet, and a growling sound grew louder the farther he travelled on. Others might be filled with fear and despair as they walked further into the heavy fog, but not Triston. Fear was only another form of adrenaline for him.
Approaching a small cave entrance on the side of the great mountain, Triston slowed his pace knowing that he should tread lightly. Gargoyles had never shown mercy to trespassers.
“Who goes there,” said a deep growling voice Triston knew quite well, it was Kargeth, one of the most brutal gargoyles of the Greyback clan. Of course Kargeth would be guarding the entrance to the cave.
“It is I, Triston, gatherer of soldiers for the dark sorceress,” he replied.
“Enter,” Kargeth said in return.
Triston walked on, glancing at the figure in the fog. He was unable to make out any details other than the glowing red eyes that he looked straight into as he walked past the dark mass that was Kargeth. Triston entered the cave leaving Kargeth’s gurgling breathing and growling sounds behind him.
The farther and deeper Triston travelled into the cave, the more alive it seemed to become. He could make out sounds of a crowd not too far ahead of him. He went deeper underground the more he walked, but that was not a worry for him. It was the glow that he could make out ahead of him that brought a twinge of concern to the vein in his forehead. By the sounds of the growls and jeering, he could tell that there was some sort of fight going on ahead in the gargoyle arena.
He knew he was right from the second he walked into the opening of the arena. Quite odd as it would seem, a fairly large gargoyle and a massive troll were brawling in the middle of the torch lit stone arena. Gargoyles were cheering on the circular balconies around the arena that was supported by stone columns. The two monstrous creatures thrashed at each other, leaving deep gouges and cuts that soaked the dirt they fought on, painting it red with blood.
Two gargoyles crouched on either side of the opening to the arena. Now that he could see them clearly, Triston could make out their smooth grey skin that showed no signs of hair and looked similar to rubber. If they were to stand up straight, they would be a good nine feet tall. The troll fighting in the arena was a different story. Bigger growls were escaping the saliva dripping mouth of the troll than all the gargoyles growls put together.
Crouching down to take an angry swing at the annoyed gargoyle fighting in the arena, the troll stumbled forward and landed on the ground. The troll’s whole fifteen feet came crashing down with him, which was lucky for the fighting gargoyle. Compared to the average troll who stands a good twenty feet when full grown, fifteen didn’t seem like much.
This troll looked like it could use a couple more years of growth. His stamina was overly built, his clothing was tattered and torn, and speech did not seem to be his best attribute. From the looks of the fight, the gargoyle had the overhand. He moved swiftly, using his claws to rip tendons from the ankles of the troll, and tearing out his calf muscles just as fast.
The troll wavered in the air as if he was drunk and forgot how to stand, as the gargoyle circled the arena. The gargoyle encouraged the applause from its surrounding peers and then moved to the largest podium in the crowd which held three gargoyles sitting on pedestals like royalty.
Grasth, the king of the gargoyles, crouched on the tallest pedestal. He was quite larger in size than all the other gargoyles and much more bored with the current amusement. Next to Grasth, crouching on a little lower of a pedestal was the queen Yeri. She was fiercer and darker skinned than the others. Two smaller pedestals sat next to the king and queen on either side of them. One was filled with Blurk, one of the king’s guards, and the other empty. Triston figured that was Orleath’s spot, which was also one of the king’s guards. Orleath now stood before the king awaiting permission to finish the troll.
Orleath growled as loud as he could, and in response Grasth growled even louder, but Triston was sure it was not as loud as the king could growl. As soon as Grasth’s growl echoed through the arena, all the other gargoyles cheered and growled as forcefully as they could. In one quick leap, Orleath jumped onto the chest of the worn troll and ripped its heart out, swallowing it in one gulp.
The crowd was going wild and the gargoyle just stood there with an aura of greatness.
The king stood and spoke, “That was quite amusing, although the chances of an idiotic troll taking down Orleath, our fiercest warrior in the clan, was not great from the beginning.” Grasth snickered at Orleath. “Now we have a new guest, whatever shall he want,” he said mockingly as if he knew the answer already.
At that moment all was quiet and every red eye in the arena was staring at Triston.
“I am here to request an audience with his majesty King Grasth,” Triston stated plainly, his voice echoing throughout the arena.
“I do not take audience with just anyone. Only those who are worthy may sit in the presence of the King,” Grasth responded.
“On a matter of importance to the Great Sorceress, his majesty should not take time lightly.”
“Oh yes,” the king said, chuckling lightly as he did so, “the Sorceress. Well I’m afraid the Sorceress has no reign here. If you want an audience with the king, you must first earn it.”
Triston knew this was coming as he asked in a very annoyed tone, “Whatever shall I do to earn the audience of the great king?”
“I think that our people still need a bit of excitement in their veins. What do you think?” Grasth asked, reining his voice across the audience who no longer stood quietly but now cheered louder than ever. “Fight Orleath to the death and you may have an audience with the king,” he told Triston, a small smile forming on his face.
Triston stepped into the arena now, crossing over to the other side to stand near Orleath who had just won the battle.
“Be it as it may, I believe I am getting the better end of the deal,” Triston responded.
He sprung towards Orleath in one quick stride, not giving him a chance to take the first swing. Orleath leapt, expecting that Triston would be on the ready.
Growls hurled out of Orleath’s mouth, as he said, “This ought to be fun.”
“Not for you it won’t,” Triston replied, moving around swiftly, dodging each swing of claws that swiped past him.
The crowd growled and applauded at every swing, hoping for Orleath to take Triston’s head off.
After only a few moments Orleath got frustrated that Triston blocked every swing and snap. Orleath leapt at Triston’s chest, as he had on the Troll. Triston drew his sword knowing that Orleath would make that move, and he shoved it into Orleath’s chest. It was easy for Triston to throw him to the ground when Orleath’s body went limp.
All became quiet once more. Triston pulled out his sword from the now lifeless body and cleaned it on the bare skin of Orleath.
“An audience?” he asked.
The king stood up and walked off his podium, gesturing for Triston to follow him into the dark.
***
“So a human girl has come through the portal?” the king of the Greyback clan had stated more to himself rather than to Triston.
“I know that there are myths, but I have never quite given them the time of my ear,” Triston said, trying to get the story from Grasth.
Grasth sat on a huge throne in the private domain that Triston was led to have an audience with the king. Triston stood before the king, waiting for whatever information Grasth could give him.
“The tale that has swarmed our clan is that when a human woman enters New Velipia, she shall gain all the powers of the Royals and defeat the Sorceress. She will then gain control of all the lands. This woman would be four times as strong as the Sorceress. It is said that she would be able to save this world. With all the power she is capable of possessing though, she could turn this world into something darker than that of what was seen on Old Velipia. Even darker than your Sorceress has made it today,” Grasth explained, now acting more interested in the prophecy because he knew a woman had come through the portal.
Triston paced, torn with his emotions. He was tied to the evil Sorceress only by magic, her magic. What if that girl was the woman in the prophecy? What if she is able to defeat the Sorceress? He would finally be freed.
What was he thinking? He would get tortured for all of eternity if the Sorceress had even thought that he was thinking these things. How could he not think this though? His freedom was the one thing that he desired most and the one thing that the Sorceress would never give him.
“What if this girl that has come through the portal is the woman in the prophecy?” he asked Grasth.
“Well, if she is, we would have quite a controversy now wouldn’t we?” Grasth raised his eyebrows in concern. “The Sorceress knows that the girl has come through the portal. She knows how big of a threat this poses to her plans.”
Triston now agreed. If this girl was the chosen one in the prophecy, then that would cause many problems for the Sorceress.
Grasth shifted his weight in his tall stone throne, and then continued, “She will have all her eyes and ears looking out for this girl, including you. Now what is it that you are going to do?”
It was apparent that Grasth knew that Triston had mixed feelings on what he was ordered to do and what he wanted to do. If the girl could really kill the Sorceress then Triston would be free. He thought real hard about what he should do while Grasth continued on with his version of the prophecy.
“I don’t really know what to do Grasth,” Triston admitted. “My warrior instinct is to protect the girl, but the magic of the Sorceress runs deep in my veins.”
“The Sorceress will be using all her forces to rid of this girl. She does not realize, I think, how powerful the girl can be,” Grasth thought aloud. “The only chance the Sorceress has of defeating the girl is by taking her soul before the girl can gain all of her power from the three corners of the land.”
“Do you think that the Kings and Queen of the three corners will be so willing to help this girl gain her powers?” Triston asked with a slight hint of hope in his voice.
“Only time will tell.”
“So then, I must capture this girl,” Triston said, although he had no idea what he would do once he did capture her. If she was suppose to become four times stronger than the Sorceress then he would have a chance at getting his soul back. Turning her over to the Sorceress would ensure that the Sorceress would have his soul for all eternity. But what if he wanted to help the girl gain her powers? How could he be sure that he could tear his mind away from the Sorceress long enough to help the girl?
If he did try to help, would he be more of a threat for the girl by unintentionally helping the Sorceress and letting his mind slip? Why did he let the girl escape in the first place? He could feel the power in her presence. He could tell that turning her over to the Sorceress would be the wrong thing to do. Those eyes of hers, those deep blue radiant eyes pulled him into her soul every time she had looked at him.
Triston thought hard, trying to sort out all his options. He couldn’t decide which would be the priority. Pacing back a forth in the Kings presence, Triston was so confused on what he should do. His mind kept telling him to hunt the girl and turn her over to the Sorceress, but his instinct urged him to do the exact opposite.
All he really knew for sure was that he had to find the girl. He had to be in her presence. He was sure he would find the answer if he were to do so. The only way to find the girl though would be to find Breale, the only witch left in New Velipia that could still predict the future.
Grasth watched Triston with interest.
“I believe that you might need this,” he said, handing Triston a small blue oceanic shell.
“What is this for,” Triston asked, not sure how a shell could possibly help him.
“Use this shell and you will find the help you need when you do so,” the King had said.
Triston didn’t know if the King would rather him turn the girl in or not. Would the gargoyles want the girl to die, or would they want her to defeat the Sorceress? They hadn’t chosen a side and they made it a point not to. Grasth turned away, leaving Triston with no more answers. Triston would have to make this decision on his own.
***
Velondra was ready for whatever journey she had to take. The hope that her brother was alive burned like fire in her veins. They had been walking with Yurloft in the tunnels for almost an hour now. So many things had been running through her mind she didn’t realize how long it had been. On top of feeling impatient, she was worried about Josh. Why had she let him come along? She would just have to watch him very carefully.
“Now please remember that this world is very unlike that of your own, you will be meeting creatures that you had never thought existed. Merpeople,” he stopped as Josh had interrupted.
“Merpeople? Whatever, they are not real. That is just crazy,” Josh though aloud.
Yurloft narrowed his gaze on Josh and then continued, “They are one type of creature, now their beauty may portray them as pleasant creatures, but they are not. Conceded and very jealous they are. We will talk to them from a distance, it would be safer,” Yurloft explained as he walked forward.
Velondra listened with deep curiosity. She was with Josh. She really had not thought that mermaids were real, but mean vile creatures would not be something she would portray them as if they were. She couldn’t believe that she was going to see mermaids.
Just the same as he had the first time when looking for an entrance, Yurloft stopped in his tracks and started searching the rough cave wall. He ran his shiny hands over the rock, and then put his scale like ear up against it.
“Ah ha,” he said, as he leaned in closer and spoke in the same language he had the first time.  Velondra couldn’t hear his words clearly, but she was sure she wouldn’t understand them even if she had heard it.
“Take my hands,” he ordered, and once again she felt a pulling from her gut.
Her fingers went numb and a tingling sensation travelled up her arms and through her torso. When she was sure that her knees would give way from the numbness, her body was pulled through the cave wall. Blackness surrounded her mind, and she felt like she was going to suffocate. Before she could make up her mind on whether or not to give up breathing, they were on the other side of the wall.
“Cool,” Josh said to himself as he tried to catch his breath.
The scene before her was so beautiful that Velondra couldn’t stop her eyes from wandering. There were great willow trees surrounding a utopia of little ponds and small waterfalls. Lilly pads littered the surfaces of the ponds, and giant bull frogs claimed their territory on them.
The surrounding area seemed to be contained in a small cave like domain, but waterfalls and streams strung back for as far as she could see. It seemed like the sun was shining, but there was no sky. A high rocked ceiling that was part of the cave hung over their heads. It seemed that there were millions of fireflies clinging to the rocked ceiling. She was sure that this is what made the cave look like sun was shining through its trees and bathing its surroundings.
Bright green grass covered the ground beneath her feet, and shrubs of hundreds of different types of flowers sprouted everywhere. There was every color she could imagine drawing her attention.
Although all of this seemed overwhelming, it was nothing compared to the mermaids and mermen themselves. They were all staring at her, Josh, and Yurloft with the same gawking look that she and Josh gave them.
They were so enormously beautiful and absolutely nothing like the silly cartoons from her world. Their skins ranged from every color and every texture, from red to milky white, on from silky smooth to sandpaper. Some of the mermaids and mermen’s hair was so long and beautiful, and others were short and snarly. Their tales seemed very unlike anything she had ever seen, even Yurloft. Some were small and slimy, and others were huge and scaly. The most noticeable was the angelic like tales, with multi colors and streams of tentacles.
The thing she had noticed the most though was their eyes. They were so bright blue it seemed that they contained the sky within them. All the merpeople’s eyes were the same. That was the only thing that was the same on them.
Velondra started to follow Josh who had decided to walk towards the crowd of merpeople that were gathered closest to them. Yurloft grabbed her arm, stopping her from traveling any further.
“No, remember what I told you!” he said quietly.
Remembering very well she grabbed Josh’s arm as she said, “Wait.”
They were so beautiful all she wanted to do was get a closer look. She didn’t know that the merpeople were thinking that Velondra held beauty far beyond the capability of a human. They saw her beauty as a threat and wanted to drown her. They were also thinking that Josh should have the same fate because he was an intruder.
“We are here, Queen Naida, to learn what you know about the prophecy of the fifth enlightenment!” Yurloft spoke to the merpeople.
All the merpeople moved over to the banks of the ponds to make room for the most magnificent mermaid of the lot. She had come up from under the waterfall nearest to them.
As she swam closer, Velondra knew why she must be the queen of the merfolk.
Naida had long flowing black hair that had a shimmer of silver cloaking it.  Her skin down to her waist was shiner than the silver of her hair. Her tail was filled with black scales and also had a shiny silver film covering every inch.
When the fin of her tail emerged from the water as she swam it drew the eyes of every living creature in the cave. Its form was elegant with thin tentacle like fins that curled and uncurled as she swam closer to the bank. Finally when she stopped just off the bank of the pond, she looked past Josh and Yurloft. Her bright blue eyes rested on Velondra as they surveyed her.
“So, you would like to know the prophecy that swims our waters?” she asked. Her voice was so harmonious it sounded like music.
“Yes, that we would your majesty,” Yurloft responded looking kind of flushed.
Naida stared down Velondra, trying to figure out if she was worthy. She didn’t even glance towards Josh again as she started, “It is stated that when a woman with milky skin, hair as black as the night sky, and eyes of that of a mermaid, enters our world that we would be at the peak of prosperity.”
Josh looked at Velondra and smiled. She knew what he was thinking. Her skin had always been pale, and the hair and eyes were just a coincidence. Her eyes weren’t even bright like the mermaids, so she couldn’t be the chosen one in the prophecy.
Naida continued, “Peace would fill every inch of the world, leaving no room for hate and viruses. She would be of supernatural powers and would be considered not just the queen of the world, but a goddess from another world.”
“Wow,” Josh whispered.
Naida ignored him, “It has been thought that this goddess would bring down the Sorceress, but that is not exactly stated in the prophecy. We all know that in order for there to be peace, the Sorceress must fall! Now is this the woman who has come through the portal?” she asked Yurloft.
“It is, and I believe that she is the fifth enlightenment,” he stated.
Velondra looked surprised at this conclusion and started to argue, “I don’t…” she tried, but Yurloft cut in forcefully, “We need to know if we can count on you to help us with our journey to the East.”
Josh stood still which Velondra knew must have been hard for him. He was just like her brother, curious as ever. Naida looked around at her people as her fin involuntarily dipped in and out of the water.
“Well now, she certainly looks as if she could fit the profile of that in the prophecy, but how would we know?”
The other mermaids nodded in agreement as their Queen continued, “We must be sure before we put our people in even more danger than they already are.”
“So how do you propose we figure out if Velondra is the woman in the prophecy?” Yurloft asked, now a little concerned that Velondra may not be able to prove anything.
“A simple riddle I believe shall do the trick, and it goes a little like this… ‘Mermaids have tails like fish have scales and a Goddess speaks words like the wind curves, but only spoken as if she believes both can live in harmony.’”
Sounds of merfolk whispering scattered over the water. Velondra had no idea what the Queen was talking about.
“Now if she can solve this riddle, she shall then receive our full devotion,” Naida stated, giggling as she looked around at the crowd of merfolk who seemed just as confused as Velondra was.
Velondra looked at Yurloft for help but he looked away as soon as their eyes met. Josh shrugged his shoulders when she glanced at him. That’s when she knew that she would have to do this alone, but she had no idea what to do.
What did they want? All their powers were so great that she knew she had nothing on them, especially since she was only human. She wasn’t this person in their prophecy. They might as well turn around, she thought.
The pressure started to build up in her chest as all eyes were on her. Looking around at the great willows and lily pads, she tried to find an inspiration. Everything here was so foreign to her. Even the flowered that bloomed looked like nothing she had ever seen before. So she closed her eyes to try and find something more at home, something that she would recognize.
Fish tales and scales and words of the winds, what could this possibly mean? Wind, water, words and breath, what reminded her of this place? Of course! Music reminded her of this place, or at least how she felt when she was listening to her music.
When she thought of mermaids and waterfalls, winds and goddesses, she thought of music. Not just any music, but a song that has been stuck in her head since she could ever remember living. She didn’t even know the words, but the tune seemed implanted in her head.
She walked over to the flowers just along the bank. Kneeling down, her mind was filled with waterfalls and the scents of millions of flowers. She felt a cool mist flow over her as if she was standing right under an oceanic waterfall in the Caribbean. Before she could even think about it, she started to hum. Her voice rang through the cave domain like a wind on the water.
“Mmmm, hum, mmmm,” her voice surrounded everything like the air one breaths. With her eyes closed, she sang what came to her mind, “Wind… on the water… hum, mmmm, hum, mmmm. Breath… in disguise… hum, mmmm, hum, mmmm.”
She didn’t notice anything going on around her. Not even that Yurloft and Josh were starting to float in the air like feathers, or that the mermaids were all starting to float on their backs in the water with their eyes closed like they were in a very relaxing dream. The flowers were swaying back and forth, though there was no wind to make them move.
“Believe… in the goddess… mmmm, hum, mmmm. Or fall… in demise. Hum, mmmm…. Hum, mmmm…” she continued on, now starting to slowly spin in a circle on the soft grass. Butterflies came swooping in around her. They flew under her arms and through her long black flowing hair as she kept on humming.
Everything around her seemed hypnotized. Like a whole dancing cave, everything swayed to the sounds of her words. She slowed her spinning while her eyes were still closed as she finished up the song with a soft voice, “Believe… in the goddess…”
Everything that seemed to be moved by Velondra’s voice now ceased at the quietness. All the merpeople opened their eyes and Yurloft and Josh fell to the ground. She opened her eyes when she was done spinning.
Velondra looked at all the creatures, now feeling really stupid that what she thought was the answer to the riddle, probably wasn’t. Looking back at Josh and Yurloft as they picked themselves up from the ground, Josh asked, “What was that?”
Her eyes roamed around and all the merpeople started to bow their heads.  She finally set her eyes on Queen Naida. Expecting the queen to laugh, she looked down to the ground in embarrassment.
“Oh no, the fifth enlightenment should never bow its head to any creature. A song that unites the goddess with the merpeople, yes my goddess,” Naida answered her question before she was able to answer her, “You have passed and shall receive all the help we can offer,” Naida said as she to bow her head like her people had.
Velondra looked back to Yurloft who did a little curtsy and smiled. Josh gave her thumbs up. She didn’t know what to do. Velondra did know that she really didn’t have anything to do with this world, and all she cared about was rescuing her brother. There was only one way to do that though, and that meant getting all the help she possibly could.
“Thank you Queen Naida, it is much appreciated,” Velondra responded and bowed her head back, not only to the queen, but to all the merfolk.



Chapter 7
Waters Arise
Finding the girl would be all too easy if he had the sight of Breale. She was one of the only witches left who hadn’t chosen a side. He left the gargoyles and started yet another journey that would surely bring him closer to the girl. He didn’t even care about the boy anymore, even though he would most likely be with her anyway.
Most witches had chosen to fall under the reign of the Sorceress but only out of fear. They had a lot of power and knew very many spells, but a royal has more power than any being in the land of Velipia.
Those who did not willingly follow the Sorceress were tortured and ripped soulless to join her army. Triston had thought that following her willingly would be the lesser of the two pains. He didn’t have a choice anyway. His soul already belonged to the Sorceress.
Breale would not be easy to get to. She had casted a vast amount of spells and charms around her domain, in case the Sorceress had sent minions out to try and persuade her to join the dark army. She was one of the more powerful witches of the bunch. It was rumored that she was some sort of a servant to the royals on their home planet.
As Triston ran along paths on the forest floor, he started to get anxious for the sound of running water. That’s how he would find Breale. She held the power over most of the lands water, so where else could she be other than the source of the lands water?
He could hear his feet pounding on the ground as he ran and his even breaths that escaped his mouth, but he couldn’t hear the water yet. He knew he was close, he had to be. These woods were his playground, and he knew them like the back of his hand. Where was the great waterfall, he thought as he continued on.
Just before he was about to turn around and try a different route, he stopped dead in his path. He almost tumbled over a bank and right into a vast rush of fresh water. Looking up, Triston thought, of course there would be no sounds of rushing water. The air around him was as quiet as ever, even with the water rushing over the rocks.
Breale would have made it very difficult to find her. That is probably why there were no sounds to be heard. Triston figured that she must have thought that if she turned the living away from her domain then she wouldn’t have to deal with the persuasions of the Sorceress.
Climbing the cliff sides of the waterfall he was careful not to touch the water. Triston wondered what Breale would have waiting at the top. She already had a charm that silenced the sounds of the water, so he figured that a trap would be next.
He knew it. There was quick sand right at the top edge of the cliff. Just beyond the quicksand was many willow trees surrounding a small cave.
That was just too easy, thought Triston as he jumped over the quick sand. Unfortunately he was not fast enough. The long willow branches jumped into action as soon as his feet hit the ground. Long, thick branches wrapped around his ankles, wrenching him from the ground before he had a chance to make another move. More branches entwined themselves around his wrists, making it impossible for him to grab his sword.
Triston felt absolutely stupid. He should have known that it wasn’t going to be that easy. Now hanging in mid-air, he heard the shrieking laugh that belonged to Breale.
“Ha ha ha. You thought it would be so simple to sneak up on me now did you…”
“Of course I thought no such thing,” he tried to move but couldn’t. “It would be ignorant of me to believe it so easy to catch such a powerful being off guard,” Triston assured the small shapely woman now standing just a few feet from where he was calmly hanging upside down.
“If you’re here to persuade me to take an alliance with that evil queen of yours then you are wasting your time,” Breale said sharply as she started to walk away.
“Now why would I want to do that when you have so clearly made it visible that you would rather remain up in a cave on a mountain than be involved in the world around you?” Triston stated rather than asked.
Breale stopped and turned to look at Triston. Her dark chocolate skin was covered in a turquoise beaded top that barely covered her voluptuous breasts, and a knee high skirt that was embroidered with the same beads as the top.
“Better to stay out of the trouble of the world than put yourself right in the middle of it,” she said kneeling down close to Triston and staring at him with her translucent purple eyes.
“If you could let me down I would be more than happy to inform you of the reason for my presence,” he looked right back at her.
Breale hesitated, thinking hard about whether or not to release him. She must have been curious about what Triston wanted for she had looked up at the tall tree whose branches had wrapped tightly around Triston’s legs, and then said, “Free him.”
Triston had been knocked short of breath as the willows branches untwisted from his body, dropping him a good four feet to the ground. He had known better than to draw his sword. It was no use trying to make Breale give him what he wanted. She was too powerful for his force, but he was sure that he could persuade her somehow.
“Well now, what is it that you want?” she asked as she turned to walk back into her cave, her long dark hair waving in the misty wind behind her.
Triston followed, not sure how to approach the situation and get what he wanted at the same time.
“I want your sight, not your alliance with the Sorceress,” he decided that a quick introduction to the subject would be the best way to catch her interest. He chose his words carefully as he walked on into the cave.
“My sight huh, what makes you think I would help that dreadful Sorceress of yours any way?” she asked, huffing at the thought. “Besides, what would I get out of it?” Breale asked, lighting a few candles around her small cave, revealing its contents.
The cave was really a sight to see with its many different objects floating around the place, and some were literally floating in mid air. Fleshless skulls, illuminated with a dark purple essence, were only one of the many objects that hovered around the cave.
As Triston looked around, he could tell that this was most definitely a witch’s realm. The whole shelf of multicolored vials wasn’t the only thing that gave that away. There was not much furniture that seemed to exist in her cave. Other than the shelf of vials, there was a small wooden table with two chairs, one larger than the other. Triston looked in the darkest spot of the cave and spotted what he thought must be Breale’s bed, which was a large divan layered with multiple animal skins.
Mermaid tails and dragon wings were hung on the walls of the cave like they were pictures of a sort. It was hard to see, but many spiders and insects covered the walls and ceiling as if they themselves were the wallpaper.
As hard as it was to believe, the crawlers, wings and tails were still not the most noticeable attraction in the cave. Right in the middle of the luminescent room sat a black cauldron big enough to fit at least three sons of the silver moon in. Above the cauldron, a translucent green waterfall flowed right out of the ceiling of the cave and directly into the immense pot. Standing next to the cauldron was Breale, staring at Triston with those glowing violet eyes, waiting patiently for his response.
“Well my lady, what is it that you desire?” he asked, not really sure that he had anything to offer the witch.
“I have a great deal of potions, as you can see,” she gestured to her shelves and then continued, “And many wings and tails of the lands, but I don’t need any more from these lands as of right now.”
“And what is it that you do need, dear lady,” he asked, getting a little impatient with Breale.
She responded with a more intense, deeper tone, “Blood, silver blood!”
Triston knew the only way for Breale to get silver blood would be through him. He was the only being on this planet that held poisonous silver blood in his veins. He was a son of the Silver moon, and one of the only ones left in existence. Since the Old Velipia fell, the Silver moon suffered, leaving its life in ruins.
He knew his blood held power, but was he willing to drain some of that power to find the girl? His gut told him that giving up his blood would be the least he would have to do for the woman. He felt it deep in his gut that the woman he pulled from the portal was the woman that may hold the power to destroy the Sorceress and bring peace to this world.
“If my blood is what you seek, than my blood is what you shall have,” Triston answered, holding out his fore arm, giving Breale the consent she needed.
Breale was at his side before he could give it a second thought. She held a sharp dagger in one hand and a small vial in the other. Moving around Triston, she brought her body close to his. He knew that she was trying to find the best place for the incision, so he dropped his arm, letting her feel his body.
With the fingertips from the hand that was holding the dagger, she caressed his face.  Breale kneeled down on the ground at his feet. Using her cheek on one leg and her fingertips on the other, she moved slowly up his calves and to his thighs.
Triston couldn’t help the feeling that was rising through his body. His blood started to rush at the feel of her sensuality. Her face was so close to his waist, while the fingertips to both her hands were moving up his thighs.
Triston’s blood was running wild, and he knew that she could feel it. She was searching for the base of his untamed senses. She carried her hands up to the small of his back, now using her soft lips to touch his chest. Circling her body around his, she moved to his back. Bringing her lips to his neck, she let her hands travel up his muscular arms. The stimulation his body was getting made his blood run hot to the very places that her skin touched his. 
Her traveling hands moved to his neck now. Breale had the dagger secure in her hand the entire time that she tried to get his blood pumping. In a single movement, she sliced a small gash in the side of Triston’s neck. It was so fast that he didn’t have time to react. He stood still, letting the silver pour from his neck and into the vial she held.
“There, now that you have what you want,” Triston said, as he used his senses to heal the small wound on his neck. “I need you to find someone for me.”
Breale put the shining vial on her shelf with the others. The silver vial shined brighter than all the vials she had put together.
“It is a woman that you seek, is it not?” she asked, moving over to her cauldron.
He should have known that she would already have heard of what was going on in the lands. According to Grasth, the woman that came through the portal was a great deal to the rest of the world. She was a prophecy waiting to be fulfilled. Breale would have heard the voices being carried back on the water.
“Yes, I need to know where the girl is and where she is going.”
Breale smiled snidely as she corrected him, “She is not a girl. She is a woman.”
Triston rolled his eyes, ignoring her statement.
Putting her hands into the green running water that poured into the cauldron, Breale rubbed her hands together as if she was washing them clean. With one quick motion, she pulled her hands apart, and then clapped them back together. Her clap made a surge of power fill the cave, like a ripple in the water. As she pulled her hands apart again, a picture started to form in the flowing water.
Triston’s stomach jolted as the face of the most beautiful woman he had ever seen started to form. It was Velondra, wearing a sheen silky gown most likely from the mermaids. She was standing on a small boat, just barely leaning over the side to peer into a vast body of water.
As Velondra looked up from the water, he could see what she could. She was gazing out over the ocean of water and the two transparent purple suns that were setting just above the horizon. Velondra sighed, and then turned to look back at what she left behind. Now Triston knew exactly where she was. Yurloft brought her to see the mermaids, and if he was going to seize her, he would have to hurry before she got to the shore of the eastern ocean.



Chapter 8
Ocean of Evils
Velondra felt so relieved that she had been able to clean up, which she was unable to do for quite a few days now. Naida had given her a beautiful fish scaled gown that clung to her every curve and shined a blue green in the light. Small pink and purple shells decorated the low cut neck line and ribbon like cloths tied the dress together over her smooth shoulders.
Velondra thought that someone would have to be a princess to wear such clothing as she was now. Staring at her reflection in the small pond that she had just bathed in, she felt unreal. Her long coal black hair shimmered as it fell over her shoulders and framed her shining face. She pulled her hair out of the way enough to see the bright colors bring the blue out in her eyes, making them so bright they almost glowed.
“If you are almost ready my lady,” Yurloft interrupted her moment of peace, making her jump, “We must be moving along if we want a chance to fully escape Triston.”
“Oh,” Velondra sighed, as she caught herself on the willow tree that sat next to her. “Yes, I’m ready.”
Turning to Yurloft, Velondra felt relieved that they would be on the move again. She was starting to get anxious about her brother. Eric had to be alive. She felt it deep in her soul.
Coming up to the bank of water where most of the merfolk resided, Velondra seen a boat that appeared to be made out of shells. Josh was holding the rope that kept the boat from floating away. He had cleaned up too, but obviously refused to wear the garments that they had given him. The queen of the merfolk treaded the water next to the boat with a look of triumph on her face.
“You truly are stunning my child,” Naida said, swimming closer to the bank to get a better look.
Velondra couldn’t help but to blush. She hadn’t ever thought that she was that beautiful, but now there was one of the most stunning creatures she had ever seen telling her that she was beautiful.
“If we didn’t think that you were our savior then you would be sitting on the bottom of our waters right now,” Naida stated. “You would be lifeless because of the jealousy my people have over your beauty,” she said, clearly as a joke.
“Um, thank you,” Velondra replied, trying to take the Queen’s compliment the best way she could. The thought of her dying because the mermaids thought she was beautiful was very hard for her to believe. Josh giggled behind them while he messed with the rope. He was probably getting impatient like Velondra was.
“Thank you so much for your faith and guidance through our journey,” Yurloft spoke up, trying to hurry them along.
“You have no need to thank us, just fulfill the prophecy and that will be thanks enough,” the Queen smiled.
“Come Velondra, you two do have quite a journey ahead and we must be getting along with it if we have any hope of succeeding,” Yurloft said as he turned to Velondra, ushering her to the boat.
As they boarded Velondra took one last look at the cave that embraced the huge utopia. She would miss the bright colors and liberated feeling that it gave her.
“Velondra,” Naida spoke, grabbing her attention once more, “you must embrace your being and ground your powers or you will have no hope of finding that of what you seek.” The water rippled with the slight movement of the Queen. “Find what you are, it is most important now more than ever. You are not human, although that is what you were brought up to believe. Have a safe journey across my seas dear one, we all believe in you.”
With Naida’s confidence following them down the water, Velondra felt more different now than she had before she entered the merfolks realm. She had not seen an exit to the cave before, but they traveled on, down the water and towards the great waterfall in the cave.
Velondra had thought they would go around the waterfall but as they drew closer to it, she realized that they were going to go straight through it. Just as she started to yell over and warn Yurloft, he smiled at her and pulled one of the many ropes that the boat supported. A smooth, shiny pearl like sail formed itself over the small boat like a ceiling, guarding them from the rush of water that now pounded down on the sail.
Watching behind her as the mermaids faded from her sight, Velondra felt refreshed. Coming out the other side of the waterfall, she never thought it would look like how did now.
“That’s awesome. We just went through a waterfall,” Josh exclaimed, still in awe as they looked out over the new land. “Ok, so what’s next, what do we do now?” Josh started to ask Yurloft.
“You get to learn how to sail this here boat,” Yurloft told Josh as he smiled at Velondra knowing that Josh really didn’t want to learn that.
They were floating down a rushing river, making their way through a vast forest. Great redwood and maple trees ran along the banks of the river. Everything was so green it had made Velondra feel as if she were deep in the Rockies. All the while Yurloft gave many orders to Josh, telling him to pull this and push that.
Thinking about what Naida had said about embracing herself and her powers, Velondra thought she was either going crazy or living in one extremely long dream. She had hoped that it was neither one because that would mean that her brother really was dead, and she refused to believe that.
How could she not be human like Naida said? All she did was sing, how could her voice hold power. Naida had said powers, as in plural though. What other powers could she have?
“I know what you are thinking child, and you’re not crazy,” Yurloft said, now standing by her side and letting Josh control the boat. “You put those mermaids in a trance with your song. I don’t know how exactly you did that since you have had no training on how to use your powers, but it seems you are a natural.”
“Funny, I don’t have any idea what you are talking about,” she said, feeling a little silly about the previous scene now. “It just felt right at the time. I always sing, it’s who I am.”
“Whatever. You know you are the chosen one,” Josh piped up, wanting to be a part of their conversation. “You even had me and Yurloft in a trance. It was crazy, like being on a cloud or something,” he explained as he pulled on some of the ropes.
“The boat,” Yurloft ordered his attention back to the sailing.
“It was a coincidence,” she tried to convince herself.
“I think it is time to really see if you’re the one of the prophecy,” Yurloft said, now more serious. “It is said that the fifth enlightenment carries powers beyond belief. Powers of the elements, power of the mind, powers that no one would even think possible.”
“If that’s so, then how exactly do we figure out if I am the one that is capable of these powers?”
“You must try to call your powers,” Yurloft instructed. “I doubt that you will be able to access all of them right now because I can see that you still don’t believe that you are the one.”
Velondra raised her brows in agreement.
“Your natural powers should come as easily as your power over the senses did when you called your song.”
“What does that mean?” Velondra asked, not sure if she was following Yurloft.
“It seems that one of your natural powers is to have control over creature’s senses and the way you call to that power is to sing,” he explained, as if it wasn’t the most bizarre thing ever.
“So I’m supposedly supposed to have more powers?” she wondered.
“Velondra, you are the chosen one, and you have powers beyond even the capabilities of the Sorceress,” Yurloft sounded surprised that she didn’t realize that.
“How would you know this?” she was confused. “If I am the chosen one, but I just barely came into this realm, then how would everyone know what I am capable of?”
Yurloft must have been prepared for her doubt.
“You would be skeptical about this, but you are part of a prophecy that has been told by one of the greatest witches in New Velipia.”
“Ok, but how do you know that it is I that is the person in this so called prophecy?” she questioned.
“Because only the chosen one could break the barrier on the Sorceress’s portal,” he stated simply. “She put up spells and charms making it to where only boys could travel through the portal because she was trying to prevent the prophecy from ever happening.”
Yurloft looked at Velondra with his yellow eyes, waiting to see if she was finally going to cooperate. Velondra felt silly, but thought about it. What if she was the woman in the prophecy? She had felt the surge of life and energy run through her when she sang to the mermaids, and she couldn’t deny that. She could give it a try, she thought.
“Ok, what do I have to do?”
“You must figure that out on your own,” he shrugged his shoulders. “Every creature has some sort of power and no one thing can tell them how to summon it. They have to feel it, find it, and embrace it themselves,” he said, now satisfied that she was willing to try.
Yurloft walked to the other side of the boat to give Velondra the most privacy possible with the current situation while he talked to Josh, who never fell short of curiosity.
“Oh great, that’s it? Feel it, find it, what kind of crap is that? I thought you were going to help me!” she said, a little annoyed with Yurloft.
Yurloft snickered and then repeated, “You have to find it on your own.”
“You can do it,” Josh yelled in encouragement, and then looked back at Yurloft with a sheepish smile.
This couldn’t possibly get anymore out of this world, she thought as she leaned over the side of the boat. Looking into the water she had seen many fish swimming happily alongside the boat. Their scales shined with a tint of purple that the suns gave them.
How would it be to live in the water, swimming the day away? Would it make her feel free like she was flowing with the rush of the waves? She embodied herself with the vision, closing her eyes and picturing what it would be like.
The feeling of the water blanketing her skin made her shiver. Her vision was starting to feel real. She thought how fun it would be to jump out of the water, feeling the crisp clean air hit her face.
When she opened her eyes she almost fell over the side of the boat at what she had seen. Hundreds of fish were jumping out of the water all around the boat. Small waves were rolling on the river water, splashing a refreshing mist on her skin. 
Velondra laughed and looked at Yurloft. He was nodding as if he had just taught a student a great lesson. Josh just stood there, his mouth hanging open.
“Now how do you know this was me?” she asked. “You’re probably doing this?” she accused Yurloft.
Yurloft ordered, “Ask them to stop, see what happens.”
She felt a little ridiculous trying to speak to fish, but she decided to give it a try.
“Stop!” she yelled.
All the fish dived into the water and stopped jumping. They continued on swimming as they had before Velondra had tried to conjure her power. She was amazed at this new found feeling she had.
She wondered what else she could do but was a little scared to find out. Every minute she tried to use her other senses, crazy things would start happening. No matter what she did, she still couldn’t believe that she was the woman in the prophecy. It sounded too surreal to her.
They sailed on for hours along the river while Velondra and Josh asked many questions and Yurloft answered them. It seemed to her that Yurloft was just happy to have some company.
“What types of creatures live in Velipia?” Josh asked as the suns were starting to set in the sky beyond the trees that banked that riverside.
“Many different kinds, and believe it or not, you may even know some of them,” Yurloft smiled. “You have probably been brought up to think they are mythical and false though.”
“Tell me, I want to know as much as I can about this world,” Josh perched himself up on his elbows as the wind sailed them down the river. “It’s awesome.”
Yurloft smiled, “Well there are the mermaids of course. They are probably one of the most disputed creatures in your world.”
Velondra had always been interested in mermaids.
“I have done quite a bit of research on them,” Velondra stuck her two cents in.  “There are so many stories from sailors all over my world, from present day stories to tales dating back for hundreds of years,” she continued, wanting to tell Yurloft about their world. She was trying to find the connection in the whole mess of dimensions. Josh just nodded in agreement.
Yurloft had said that the ponds that they were pulled through were portals. Through this whole mess, the best theory she could come up with was that they were in another dimension. Now that she had given up on the thought that she was dreaming, she wanted to learn as much as she could about where she was.
“Yes, mermaids love to travel, but sometimes they get caught in the natural portals in the great ocean and get pulled through to your world,” Yurloft explained. “They avoid going to the dark places in the ocean now. Sometimes the young ones get spontaneous and want to go on an adventure though,” he clarified as if it were one of the most normal things that could be.
“So when all the different creatures settled here on this world, they explored, not knowing anything about the natural portals?” Josh asked.
“Yes, that’s why the stories are so old and are dubbed as mythical and fantasy in your world,” Yurloft never seemed to fall short of an explanation.
“What do you mean by natural portals?” Velondra asked.
“The portals that the Sorceress used to bring you two and some of the beings of her army into this world are made from magic so she can control them,” Yurloft nodded at Josh. “The natural portals are the ones that were already here before even the Royals came to inhabit the planet.”
All the stories of mythical beings started to make sense to her now. She was a big believer that every story has at least a shred of truth to it.
“If the people in your world knew about Velipia, they would destroy it, using their inability to sustain peace and using weapons instead of their powers,” Yurloft continued.
Velondra was confused. She wanted to know more about the people in her world having powers.
“What do you mean by their powers? I thought they were human, that they didn’t have powers,” Velondra asked.
“Well that is where your world began,” Yurloft said, starting into a whole story that Velondra was more than eager to hear and since Josh sat quietly, she was sure he felt the same.
“The New Velipia has been here for a long time, longer than that of your world. There were flaws on New Velipia, but none that the Royals could not take care of. There were great monsters and a few breeds of defective beings. I believe that your people would call the monsters dinosaurs and the beings Neanderthals. The Royals created your dimension and banned the dinosaurs to it. They saw them as a great threat to New Velipia’s creatures and their plan to inhabit the world.
“Before long your dimension started to get overcrowded with all the creatures that were banned to it.  The Queen Zendria, now the Sorceress, decided that your world should burn because of this. She sent a great mass of fire to destroy it without the other Royals knowing. The other Royals were outraged, knowing that they needed the other dimension to stay alive so they could keep this one standing and healthy. Zendria didn’t care if she had destroyed the dimension or not.
“The Neanderthals started coming into the picture at this time. They were defective and didn’t know much of anything. The Royals decided that they needed to get rid of them so they wouldn’t ruin New Velipia, so they sent them to the other dimension. They didn’t know that the Neanderthals would get smarter and evolve in time. They figured this out because they had kept some of the defective beings for slaves.”
Velondra and Josh sat in concentration as the night strolled itself into the picture, bringing on a sense of calmness in the light breeze that swayed over their bodies. She wanted Yurloft to keep going. She wanted him to keep explaining all the mysteries of earth that she never thought she would know, and that scientists on earth were dying to find out.
“What did they do with the slaves after they started to develop?” she asked.
“The defective breed slowly died out as the slaves started to develop more and more. Some of these beings still serve the Royals, but most of them developed into witches and warlocks. They reside in both your world and mine.
“In the meantime, the Kings Demond and Yaspa conjured up a war between themselves, no longer caring about your world. Queen Genevive has become diluted in her own beauty. She has also lost sense in your world and is now beginning to lose sense in her own as well. Of course, the Sorceress has not forgotten your world but is now using its inhabitants for her army,” he finished, leaving Velondra with still a horde of questions.
“You said that the four Royals came to inhabit New Velipia, but where did the rest of the creatures come from?” she asked, twirling her hair in her fingers, completely dispersed into their conversation. “Where did you and Triston and the mermaids all come from?”
Josh sat still as he took in everything Yurloft was telling them.
“The creatures of New Velipia come from all over the universe. Once New Velipia was settled the Royals called on to the other planets and welcomed its beings. That’s where some of us come from, including me and Triston. Some of the creatures here were never sent to your world in the first place, like dragons, trolls, and mermaids. They have been here the longest,” he explained easily.
“Has anyone from our world ever found Velipia?” Josh asked, taking the words right out of her mouth.
“I think that some have found other dimensions and are actually really close to finding Velipia. That is something that we must change,” Yurloft shook his head as if it there was never a chance. “If the humans from your world come to realize what really happened in their history, then they will come to try and take over this world. They will most likely die if they try though,” Yurloft went on, the sadness now building up in his eyes.
“You said that the humans evolved into witches and warlocks right?” she asked, keeping Yurloft going.
“Yes, they did in this world. Some humans in your world still have the ability to contain their powers. Most of the humans in your world though will never tap into their natural gifts. They have gone to electronic waves of power instead of the strongest, the natural power. If they had stayed in this world, they would be witches and warlocks right now,” he concluded, standing up and walking over to the side of the boat, looking out at the rush of water and the mass of greenness.
Velondra could never have thought all of this could be possible. It was still hard to believe. She had thought about all the stories of witches and especially the Salam Witch Trials in the late 1600’s. Those beings were probably just barley tapping into their powers. Of course the people were scared. They were too stupid to tap into their own powers so they dubbed the witches evil and murdered them.
Her mind was completely blown with all the information. Some things would make sense, like the witches and mermaids. She brought herself to stand by Yurloft and look out at the lands beauty.
“I think I will settle for the night and try to rest, we have a long day ahead of us tomorrow,” Yurloft said, as he gave Velondra a pat on the back and made his way to the other side of the boat where he laid on a soft cushiony bed like fixture. There were a few more of these bed fixtures around the boat and Josh had already claimed one.
Velondra had lain down also, not realizing how tired she really was.
“I’m sorry that your brother is gone,” Josh said as he made himself comfortable. “I know how it feels. My dad died last year and my mom has been too heartbroken to do anything. So I guess I kind of try to take care of her, because someone has to I guess.”
Velondra felt horrible that Josh had lost his dad. She figured that he must have felt how she did when she lost her brother.
Josh continued, “I completely freaked out when I went through the portal. I seen you all tied up and I thought we were definitely going to die.” He shrugged, “I guess I just can’t give up that easy.”
“Me neither. I can’t let him go,” Velondra looked at the bright stars and thought of her brother. “He is here, I can feel it. I just know that he is alive.”
Yurloft seemed to have fallen asleep as soon as he lay down, but Velondra continued in a hushed voice.
“Thank you so much for helping me. At first, when Triston had me tied up, I wanted nothing more than to go back where I was even though I knew I wasn’t wanted there.”
“I will do anything to help you,” Josh promised.
“When you came through the portal, the feeling of a chance started to burn inside me,” she smiled. “We can do this. Even though I don’t know what I’m doing, we can do it,” Velondra answered, now feeling the weight of the journey.
“I know,” he smiled back and then said, “Good night Velondra.”
“Good night,” she smiled back.
The stars shined so bright it looked like heaven could be hiding somewhere up in the sky. Her eyes stared into the deepness of the night. Slowly she drifted off to sleep, something that her body had been begging her to do.
***
“Eric, I’m coming for you,” Velondra screamed. Her voice seemed distant and small compared to all the screams that filled her head now, but all she could see was blackness.
“How, I am destined for something else now!” her brother’s voice filled her head. “Give up on me Val. You will die if you don’t.”
“No,” she yelled. “I can’t give up on you. I have powers! I can help,” she kept shouting through the darkness, feeling farther away than before.
“Then hurry Val, I can’t hold on much longer,” Eric’s faint voice filled her head with a warning.
Fear jolted through her body as she heard another voice, a very familiar voice. It crept around her body like a snake, making her feel like she was going to suffocate. As claustrophobia caused her breathing to fasten, her brother’s voice disappeared and the Sorceress’s replaced it.
“Give up now you putrid disgusting thing,” she ordered. “You will never defeat me. My army is growing and it will conquer!”
“You’re dead wrong,” Velondra informed the Sorceress. “I will find you, destroy your army, and make you wish you were dead!” a threatening voice that she had never known she had came out.
“Yes, I can feel your need to embrace your true powers as I have,” the Sorceress said with a little laugh of pleasure. “Come with me and I will show you my greatest achievement,” she said in a luring voice.
Velondra didn’t know why, but she wanted to follow the voice, follow it into the darkness that was for sure the Sorceress’s evil mind. A picture started to form in Velondra’s head, a dark picture of torture and decay. Hundreds of bodies stood in lines like a little army. The bodies were disgusting, literally decaying with every minute as they stood there.
“What have you done?” Velondra screamed. “You’re crazy.”
“What you would call crazy is what I would call power,” the Sorceress’s voice bellowed.
Velondra looked beside her and seen a being, so beautiful but yet so evil. From the satin hills on up to the silky red gown, her eyes traveled, not willing to look away. She started to feel sick as her eyes got closer to the Sorceress’s face. When she finally looked up from the shiny beads and silk of the deadly gown she looked straight into a fire like light that shined so bright it burned her eyes.
***
Screaming, Velondra bolted upright, rubbing her eyes, “they burn, my eyes are burning.”
“Here, water, put it in your eyes,” she heard Josh’s voice say, and knew that she must be awake.
The water soothed her eyes, bringing calmness back. What the hell just happened, she thought. It was just a dream! Could that really be what she was doing to the boys that came through the portal? Is that what she was going to do to Eric?
“You have to try not to dream of your brother, or the Sorceress,” Yurloft ordered. “She can get into your head, and you don’t want her to find out where we are going,” Yurloft said. He acted as if he had already known what was going on inside her head as he stood by the railing of the boat watching the two on the deck.
“So that was real?” she asked, sitting up to see the daylight shining bright and purple all around them. They were still on the river but the trees and land looked less dense.
“Yes it is very real. She is trying to find you.”
“I seen her army, it was horrible,” she shook her head. “I can’t believe that she would do that to those boys!” Velondra said. She started to tear up as she looked at Josh, knowing that Josh would have had the same fate.
“She can do that and much worse,” Yurloft said, pulling out little pouches of food that the mermaids had left for them. “That is why it is so important that she not find you, at least until you are ready to face her.”
“How will I know when I am ready?”
“You will just know, but we need to get you to access as much of your power as possible before that time comes,” he replied, now munching away on some sort of fish.
Velondra stood up, taking her food with her. Her legs were still shaking as she stood against the railing of the boat. She thought about how she was going to gain powers when she still thought it was completely absurd that she could even have powers.
“So where exactly are we going?” Josh asked, trying to get the attention off Velondra as he too munched away at the food that Yurloft had given him.
“To see the King of the East, he will have the answers you need,” he answered. “You have to convince him to fight with us,” Yurloft explained.
“Yurloft,” Velondra asked, “how are we going to get King Yaspa to fight with us?”
“I’m not sure,” he spoke softly as his head drooped, looking at the water splashing the side of the boat.
“When you said that he would have the answers we need, what answers are you talking about?” Josh asked.
“He will know more about the prophecy than most,” Yurloft explained. “He is one of the Royals that were sent to this world to continue life, so he should know what it is that you need to do.”
Velondra wondered what King Yaspa would be like. Was he mean and arrogant, or was he nice and peaceful? How were they going to get Yaspa to fight with them? So many questions she needed answered. She remembered that Yurloft told her the east and the west was already engaged in a war.
“Yurloft, why are King Yaspa and King Demond fighting against each other?” she asked, as the King of the west came into her thoughts.
“Oh yes, that is quite the story,” he said, now sitting down on a plush cushion across from where Velondra stood. Velondra turned away from the ocean to face Yurloft and sat quietly, dispersed with interest for the story. Apparently Josh was too, for he zoned in, waiting as she was.
“It all started when King Demond hosted a huge party for the celebration of his new wife and baby. Britania was one of the most beautiful women that anyone could have seen, other than the Queen Genevieve. The Sorceress is said to be the most striking woman ever known to life, but no one can confirm that for she stays in the shadows, not letting anyone see her face.”
Velondra thought about her dream. She had almost seen the Sorceress’s face, but instead seen a bright light and that’s when she awoke. Yurloft continued with his story.
“At this party, Demond invited everyone in New Velipia to attend. Everyone showed up, including King Yaspa and Queen Genevieve. With the King and Queen, also came the majority of the people from their lands. As soon as King Yaspa seen Britania he fell in love. Even though she was pregnant with Demond’s child, Britania did not love Demond. She quickly fell in love with Yaspa and his charming ways. As soon as the party ended, everyone left on their journeys home. Britania left too. She ran away to be with Yaspa and that is where she is now,” he finished with a long sigh.
Velondra thought how horrible that must be for the both of them. How could Britania do that to Demond, but how could she not. Velondra thought about how it would be to give up the love of her life. She thought she had that at one time with Carter. Her love for Carter still lived somewhere within her heart, but it was smothered with hate she felt for herself. That’s why he left her. Taking him back would be easy for her to do, but he wouldn’t want something dead. That’s all she was now.
“What about the baby?” Josh wondered.
“Britania raised him and now he believes that Yaspa is his father,” Yurloft answered, shaking his head in disappointment. “I don’t understand how she could do that to Demond though.”
Velondra could understand. She couldn’t imagine staying with someone that she didn’t truly love. The King Demond would probably have killed her though if she were to return with his son, and she was sure that was one of the reasons she didn’t let him see his son.
“That is why Demond is the way he is now,” Yurloft added.
“How is he now?” Josh wondered aloud.
With raised eyebrows and a deep sadness he replied, “He is filled with an anger that burns deeply. I am surprised that he has not yet sided with the Sorceress.”
“Do you think he will ever side with her?” Velondra wondered, hoping that he wouldn’t.
“I don’t think so. Instead, he is building an army to invade Yaspa’s lands and kill both the King and Britania.”
“What about his son,” Josh asked.
“He would of course take his son back I’m sure, unless his son fought against him.”
“Wow. That is just awful. How will we ever get the Kings to work together against the Sorceress?” she asked more to herself than to Yurloft.
“I do not have an answer for that question I’m afraid,” Yurloft explained, and then went to control the boat once more.
Looking out over the water, Velondra realized that the boat was slowing down.
“Are we almost there, why are we slowing down?” she asked as Josh jumped up to stand by her and confirm for himself that they were definitely stopping.
“No, we are not almost there, but this is where we stop,” Yurloft replied, bringing the boat close to the shore.
“Well why are we stopping if we are not almost there,” Josh complained. It was obvious that he was starting to get bored of being on the boat.
“This is where I leave you. I can’t finish this journey with you Velondra,” he explained as the shelled boat came to a stop just on the bank of the river. “You and Josh will have to continue on without me.”
“Wait, we have no idea where to go, or what to do,” she complained. “I don’t know what to do. You have to help us,” she started rambling, now afraid that she had no chance of saving her brother alone. Well she wouldn’t be alone, but Josh didn’t know anything about this place either and by his reaction he felt the same as she did.
“She is right. We have no idea where to go,” Josh threw his opinion in. “How are we suppose to defend ourselves if we don’t know where to go or how to get there or what we are really up against?” he asked, now grabbing Yurloft’s arm, stopping him from leaving the boat.
Yurloft stopped and looked at them apologetically.
“Josh, I’m more than sure that you will be there for her when she needs it. It is in your soul Velondra, you can do this. It is part of who you are. Actually, I don’t know much about you really, except that you must be the woman from the prophecy. I don’t know all the powers you should have, or how you can gain them all. I just know that you have to go to the king of the East to get your answers. You two must get King Yaspa to fight with us. This will be a challenge, but I think it is the best path to start on. I have helped as much as I can. I have to leave so I can try to summon up an army to help you defeat the sorceress.”
“But,” Velondra started to protest as Yurloft turned to leave.
“Velondra, if you can’t get to King Yaspa and convince him to fight with us, how will you ever gain up enough power to even think about defeating the Sorceress and saving your brother?” Yurloft questioned her. “Now is the time to stand up and do what has to be done. I believe in you,” he assured her.
“Ok, so how do we get to the King?” Josh asked, trying to be strong enough for the both of them.
“You will travel on this river for about another hour, and then it will flow straight into the ocean. You will get to a waterfall at this time. As soon as you do then use the sail how I told you to and you will float down to the rushing water of the ocean. From there you will sail straight until you get to land again. Use the, what did you call it again? Compass,” he asked Josh who nodded. “It will show you the way. Then once you get to the land, there will be a creature waiting for you that will show you the way to the King’s castle,” Yurloft finished as he jumped off the boat.
“We are going to float off a waterfall, this is crazy, you need to help us,” Velondra complained.
“We can do it,” Josh confirmed.
Yurloft took once last approving glance at Velondra and pushed the boat off the bank of the river and right before their eyes, he disappeared as if he had never been there.
Velondra didn’t move as she stared at where Yurloft was until she could no longer see the spot on the river bank anymore.
“Are you crazy, we are going to die without him?” Velondra shouted at Josh. “This is great,” she grumbled.
“Listen, I understand how you feel, but he was right,” Josh tried to get her to calm down. “If you can’t do this without him, how are you supposed to stand up against the Sorceress? I mean, I will help as much as I can, but the prophecy says that you are the one that has to defeat her,” Josh stated now controlling the boat as he was taught to do.
“We don’t even know where we are going,” Velondra told him.
“He gave us directions.”
“It’s not like going to a cousin’s birthday party, or trying to find the location of a store Josh,” she was getting irritated. “We can’t use the internet for this one. We are in another world.”
“I know this, but what other choice do we have?” he asked.
They didn’t speak for awhile. She was too worried about what was to come to even talk to Josh. He had foolishly assured Yurloft that they would be fine but she wasn’t sure they would be.
***
“There it is,” Josh pointed out the waterfall that was straight ahead. She tried to think of something that would calm her down. Thinking of floating down a waterfall was scary and not something that she wanted to do.  The first thing that came to mind was the mermaids.
Velondra started to hum the same song that she had sang to them. She could see fish of all sorts start to gather around the boat, swimming along with them. Then she started to hear whales and dolphins coming from the ocean! Is this the power of her song?
“Stop,” Josh yelled, “Stop singing,” he shouted as he started pulling the ropes for the sails, making the boat speed up.
“What, why?” she was confused.
“Look at the trees, there is something in there.”
“What’s going on?” she asked, now going to help Josh in a panic.
“I think Triston heard you,” he said, nearly out of breath from how fast he was moving.
“Hahahaha, too late!” yelled a man’s voice not far from the bank their boat was so close to.
“Oh no,” Velondra yelled, and then looked over at the man now running no more than a hundred yards from the boat. They were now soaring so fast through the water that Velondra had to hold on to the rails for safety.
“I told you I would find you two,” Triston yelled as he ran along the river bank, trying to stay caught up with the boat.
Then she saw him pull something from the small pouch that hung around his waist. He brought the small blue object to his mouth and out came a gut wrenching sound that Velondra thought would burst her ear drums. No more than ten seconds later, huge wolves, that looked more like big bears, ran along the river with Triston.
If this had happened in her own world, Velondra would have thought that it was impossible for wolves to be that big, but they were. Their large sharp teeth bore as they snarled at them, running along the riverside as Triston was. There must have been at least a good ten wolves, all with distinct grey, black, or brown coats of hair.
They were getting closer to them, even thought Josh was making the boat sail faster than ever. Thinking fast, Velondra recalled Yurloft telling her that she could use the powers of the elements. Water was the main element she could think of at the moment.
While Josh bustled around like his head was cut off, Velondra focused. All her energy had to be centered on the water. She thought of huge oceanic waves, and brought her hands over her head. Her concentration made her feel so steady that she could dance on the rocking boat and still not fall over.
She thought about what she had to do to stop the wolves from getting close enough to jump onto their boat. Throwing her hands over her head as if they were the waves themselves, she controlled the water. Opening her eyes, she made the tides splash over the banks and wash over the wolves just by moving her hands. It was as if she had her hands on the water, and was making it do her will.
Triston had seen it all coming and disappeared into the trees, leaving the waves of water for the wolves to deal with. Velondra’s energy felt almost drained as she looked at the edge of the waterfall that they were about to fall over.
“Josh,” she yelled. “We are going fall off the waterfall.”
“No,” he shouted back at her. “Yurloft showed me how to do this.”
She gripped the railing of the boat, holding on for her life as the small boat fell over the edge. Josh pulled another larger rope and a huge shell like sail covered the top of the boat like a parachute. The wind caught it just as the boat started to tip, making them float down towards the crashing waves below. The wolves growled and howled with rage as they retreated and disappeared into the trees that were now above them.
“Josh, we’re going to crash,” Velondra said, looking down at the wild water.
“No, I got this, just hold on,” he yelled as they started rushing faster downwards.
Velondra squeezed her eyes shut as she held on to the side of the boat, praying that they wouldn’t collide into all the rocks and splinter into a million pieces. She had gone too far to die now. She felt a thud and a rush of water splash over her.
Opening her eyes, she saw Josh frantically pulling the ropes to steer the boat out into the calmer open sea. As soon as the boat settled into a steady flow, she looked back at the shore behind them to see if they had really escaped Triston.
On either side of the water fall was a beach. She thought that it looked like they were in the tropics somewhere, but the shining purple suns made the reality kick in.
Finally Triston appeared on the shore line with the wolves as they watched the boat soar into the deep blue of Velipia’s ocean.



Chapter 9
It’s Not a Dream
“What are they doing? They’re just standing there. We got away right?” Velondra fired the words at Josh before he could get a chance to answer.
“We got away for now it looks like,” Josh finally said with a deep breath. “I don’t think Triston will give up though.”
Velondra stared at the shore line until she could no longer see anything but a long strip of land. The further they sailed into the ocean, the safer she felt.
She was still trying to figure out what exactly she had done with the water. It felt like a gut instinct to command the elements to her will. It was so easy to channel them but it made her feel completely exhausted afterwards.
“How did I do that with the water?” she asked aloud, knowing that Josh wouldn’t have the answer.
“How did you do that? You like commanded the water. It was like some wizardry or something,” Josh went wild with excitement, now so happy that they made it. “I mean, you were waving your arms and the waves were doing what your arms did.”
“I guess I figured that it couldn’t hurt to try,” she laughed.
“What Yurloft said about the boat worked. I wasn’t sure, but Triston was right there,” Josh was filled with excitement. “And those wolves were huge. They could eat us in one bite.”
“I know. I was soooo scared when we went over the waterfall,” Velondra replied as Josh laughed. “I didn’t even know what I was doing with the water. It just felt right I guess,” she started to ramble on. “Like something in me just said to do this, so I did it, and it worked.”
“It’s because you’re the chosen one like Yurloft said,” Josh assured her.
“I don’t know,” she pushed off Josh’s reason. “You did great with the boat though,” she looked at Josh, so proud of him.
They talked for awhile in excitement, explaining what they felt and why they acted the way they did. Velondra felt good that she had Josh there with her. She didn’t think her journey would be possible without him.
As their excitement died down Velondra started to feel the weight of what was ahead of her. Josh had quieted down and was now just looking out over the water, probably wondering what he really got himself into just as she was.
Velondra walked over to the soft plush fixtures where she had slept last and sat down, trying to figure out what she needed to do. Her brother was the whole reason she had come to this world, the reason that she strived on to live and fight. Now the whole innocent world of Velipia stood on her shoulders. Yurloft and the mermaids believed she was the chosen one, the person that would save them. Even Josh believed it. She was sure that Yurloft was out gaining more followers right now, telling them that he had met the chosen one and they would be saved.
Velondra felt completely helpless surrounded by the vast ocean of emptiness. How could she possibly help in this fight? She could admit that she was different but the chosen one was far off in her mind. She thought that maybe she was just one of those humans that were tapping into her natural power, but she couldn’t believe that she was the chosen one.
Helping was still not a choice she could run away from. Eric needed her, even if he was not himself when she found him. She would still save him from being in the hands of the Sorceress. Josh needed her also. He would be lost and on his own without any help. She would make sure that he found a way home and she was going to save her brother, even if it took her last dying breath.
***
Oh now that’s just great, Triston thought as he ran up to the beach to meet the wolves that scattered on the sand. The wolves were so big they almost stood as tall as Triston when they were on all fours. He could see razor sharp teeth bared from multiple brown, black, and grey wolves as they watched the boat glide into the ocean horizon.
He had to move on. Looking at the boat sailing away wasn’t going to get him anywhere. Triston dismissed the wolves and started to move again.
Completely baffled, Triston ran along the forest floor, wondering how Velondra could possibly have commanded water like she did. She had to be the woman from the prophecy. He finally thought he had a chance to free his soul.
The very second he thought it, a piercing pain squeezed at his brain, making his stomach quench and body tremble. He stopped dead in his path and fell to the ground in pain.
“Remember swine, I own your soul so it can’t be freed,” said the sadistic voice of the Sorceress. “I hear everything you think.”
Of course you do, he thought.
“Just catch girl. Mess up again and your pain will be my game, ha ha ha….,” her voice threatened before it faded in his mind.
She lied, he thought. The Sorceress couldn’t read his mind all the time. He figured that out when he tried to run away in the beginning. Only when he had gotten to the portal that would take him to the Silver Moon, his planet, did she ring her voice in his ears. He had later figured out that she only reads his mind when his emotions run high.
All he would have to do is stay calm. He was still unsure of whether he would bring the girl back to the Sorceress or not. He would never stand a chance at killing her. She would be too strong, or was it because he couldn’t bear to kill his only chance at a real life? The one thing Triston knew was that he had to find her. That’s when he would make his decision.
Running as fast as he could, he had to get to the Cave of Devils. That would be how he would get to Velondra again. Devil backed dragons were Triston’s favorite way to travel. The Sorceress would use them when she needed, and give them humans to eat when they obeyed her. They loved to eat humans. Although it would be a fight traveling across the ocean with the dragons, that would be his best option. So he ran on to a destiny that was uncertain. Either help the girl, or give her to the sorceress.
***
They had been sailing on for hours. Velondra felt tired and dirty. She needed a shower and some food, but of course a shower was not an option. That made her think of home and her world and her family. Were they even looking for her? Did her mom actually care that she was gone? Having her face on a milk carton wasn’t exactly something that appealed to her, but would everyone give up on her because she let her brother die?
Josh had been laying back on the plush cushions, softly whistling tunes to himself. Velondra stuck to her own thoughts. She didn’t dare to sing again after what had happened earlier that day. So many odd things had happened as of late, she really didn’t know what to do. Keeping her mind busy seemed like the easiest task though, so she thought of many different things.
Wondering what Carter and Jenna were doing right now seemed like a stupid thing to worry about, but Velondra couldn’t help it. She loved Carter so much, but it felt like he wasn’t real anymore. It felt the same with Jenna, her dad, and her mom. After seeing this whole new world, how could the earth dimension be the same.
When Eric was lost, Velondra became nothing to the world. She felt nothing, seen nothing, and was nothing. The rekindling of hope that Eric was still alive actually made Velondra feel like she had a chance at life again. It brought back all the feelings that were once lost to her, and the one she felt the most now was Carter’s.
She loved him so much, how could she have let him go. Jenna was a whole different story. What she thought was her best friend was nothing. Best friends didn’t sleep with their friends boyfriends. She could never forgive Jenna. Thinking about Carter and that one special night on the beach left Velondra feeling better than she had in days.
Time seemed to drag on as they sailed in the abyss of ocean. She had seen nothing for miles except the blue waters and the glistening suns making its reflection in the body.
Josh seemed antsy and kept asking her questions about what she thought was ahead. He wondered what she thought of the mermaids and Yurloft, and everything else that they had encountered.
They talked till the suns sank low in the sky and the bright stars started to shine.  Yurloft became a great topic of discussion as they went over everything that he had told them about the war and even about himself.
Yurloft had powers to manipulate water and to become indivisible. There were not that many fishlers left in New Velipia, he had told them, because the Sorceress had killed most of them off. Any fishlers left were in hiding.
Yurloft made it obvious that he was against the Sorceress and was helping to gain a resistance against her. That was why Triston had known him. They had crossed paths before. The Sorceress had killed everything that Yurloft had known. His whole family was murdered.
The Sorceress would usually try to persuade creatures to turn to her side and fight with her before she would kill them, but fishlers didn’t stand a chance. It was their powers, he had said, that doomed yet saved them at the same time. Having so much control over water, the Sorceress couldn’t take the chance of a fishler taking her side and then turning on her.
Water was her powers weakness. Water would destroy her minions, and that was why she couldn’t take a chance with them and decided that all fishlers should die. Velondra was so grateful that Yurloft had helped them and she really hoped that she wouldn’t let him down. He deserved to see the Sorceress fall.
Looking out over the ocean once again, the water seemed to be a dark blue. It no longer had the slight purple tint to it that it had all day. Most of the day she had looked forward in anticipation on where they were going and how different of a place it would be. Now she thought back on everything that had happened and couldn’t help but to wonder about Triston.
She had only thought of Triston a few other times since she had escaped him, but thinking of him now gave her a different feeling than it should have. She should feel fear and loathing, but she felt pity and a slight longing to make his life better. Why she had felt this way, she didn’t know.
Her reflection was broken up in sections of the waving water that hit the side of the boat as she peered into the deep bluish purple water. Not having any idea when they would be close to the land they searched for, she wondered if she should lie down and try to sleep, but she couldn’t stop thinking of Triston.
Walking to the back of the boat to gaze at what she left behind, she had a strange desire to see him, but all that was there was the same image that she had been viewing all day. Leaning against the railing to admire the beauty before her eyes, Velondra took in everything that she could, from the few dark grey clouds that hung in the dark sky to the little animals that leap from the water.
Wait, she thought. She hadn’t really seen any animals all day. Maybe they only came out at night in this world. What were they, she asked herself, but they were too far away to tell. She figured they were dolphins or something of the sort. Deciding it would be a good idea to get some sleep she turned and took her place upon her cushioned area. Josh had been passed out for awhile now.
It seemed to take forever for her to fall asleep, and she didn’t even know why. The swaying of the boat and the beautiful sky should have been enough to sooth her into a weave of dreams. There was a slight warm breeze that whirled over the boat, which made it even more soothing. Her eyes finally drooped and blackness surrounded her.
Little stars appeared from the deep darkness. It felt like they were getting closer and closer to her until the stars surrounded her like snow would in a blizzard.  An image started to shape itself out of the stars. A man, very muscular and handsome, slowly formed.
“Who are you,” Velondra asked, though she didn’t know why. It was just a shape, how could it respond to her questions. Then she heard a voice. She couldn’t even make out exactly what it was saying, but she knew it was a male voice. Just as suddenly as the stars became visible, they faded out of sight, leaving Velondra with an empty feeling.
Rushing water filled her ears and little water drops tinkled off of her face, though she wasn’t getting wet. She knew now that she was awake. Feeling refreshed and like a whole new person Velondra finally felt rested.
Opening her eyes to the bright shining purple above her, Velondra felt really good. She hadn’t slept that well since before her brother left her world.
She thought he was dead, but he had really left to another dimension. Feeling sure she was no longer dreaming this whole mess, she thought it best to learn how to use her powers, if she really had any.
Growing up for seventeen years in a world where magic was fake made it harder for her to believe, but she would give it a chance to save her brother. Now that didn’t mean that she believed she was the chosen one, or the Fifth Enlightenment as Yurloft called her, but she would learn what she could. Her voice held power with song, and she could control water, but that was the extent to what she had tried, and now it was time to learn.
Walking over to Josh’s side of the boat, she saw that he was still fast asleep. She couldn’t help but to laugh. He looked so young and peaceful but she knew that when he woke he would become that annoying and energetic person that reminded her so much of her brother. Deciding to leave him alone, she thought it best to practice her powers and let him rest while he could.
She looked down at the light blue water that held a glow of purple tint and admired the beauty of it. Now that she looked close enough she could see schools of so many different types of fish swimming around beneath them. The fish she noticed most were bright green and had one eye. They were swimming the closest to the boat.
When she had enough sightseeing, she thought about what she would try first with her powers. Having powers seemed so funny to her. How many times had she wished she had powers before and now it was something that was a possibility?
Concentrate, she told herself. Water seemed to be the thing that came to her easiest before, so she figured that would be a good thing to practice on and try to control. Thinking about how she had done it the first time, she closed her eyes and thought calmly of water and how she felt in it. She thought about how it smelled refreshing and made her muscles relaxed.
Wondering how she could control it and make it do what she wanted, she thought of play doe. She could feel a layer of substance over her hands that felt a lot like jell-o. Opening her eyes and looking at her hands surprised her. They were covered in a light blue film. Then it melted away right before her eyes.
“What,” she said in confusion.
“That was awesome. You were moving the water again,” Josh said, leaning on his elbow and rubbing the morning out of his eyes.
“You scared the tar out of me!”
Shaking with laughter Josh apologized, “I’m sorry, but you should have seen the look on your face. It was like you were going into battle.”
“It’s not funny. I could have pulled some weird voo-doo crap on you, then where would we be?” she asked, feeling embarrassed.
Smiling she returned to the side of the boat where she had been trying to emanate some real voo-doo and then asked, “So what comes next?”
“I don’t know. But I think you should keep practicing, I mean, that might be a great way to convince the King that you are the chosen one,” Josh explained as he went straight for their limited food supply.
With her eyes closed, Velondra started to think of controlling the water. With more determination and confidence this time, she felt the jell-o like film over her hands again. Then she thought of what she would do with the water if it were in her hands like jell-o. The thought of making a wave was the first thing that came to her, so she decided to open her eyes and make it happen.
Just as she opened her eyes, Josh shouted out in surprise. Looking out to the ocean she herself was extremely surprised for a huge tidal wave started to form twenty feet away from them and it was heading straight for the boat. Now she was panicked.
“Oh no, what do I do, what do I do?” she shouted, her voice filled with alarm.
“I don’t know, you made it,” Josh yelled.
The tidal wave was coming fast, and she wasn’t about to let herself drown. Velondra concentrated just as hard as she had when she threw the wave of water at Triston and the wolves. The best thing she could come up with was rain. Just as the wave was about to crash them into a depth of the ocean, it turned into a thick rain instead, and drenched them to the bone.
“Wow,” she spurted as she spat water from her mouth and looked at the clear sky above them. She looked at Josh and burst into a fit of laughter, for he stood there sopping wet and spitting out water from his own mouth.
“Oh, ya, real funny! I hadn’t planned on getting wet.”
Velondra was still laughing, ringing out parts of the mermaid gown that she wore. That was actually fun, she thought, wondering what else she could do.
“I think you need to learn how to control the water if it is going to be any help for us,” he stated, trying to shake off the remaining water from his clothes.
“Okay, okay,” she said as she turned back to the water and concentrated on trying to make little waves so they wouldn’t get soaked again. He was right though, it wouldn’t be any use to them if she couldn’t control her so called power.



Chapter 10
Flight for the Fight
Was this girl really the woman from the prophecy? What other explanation could there be, Triston thought as he flew over the purple luminescent ocean. The wind blew through his dark hair, filling him with the feeling of freedom. He knew that he could fly forever on the black dragon that had a red stripe from the top of its head to the tip of its tail, and he still wouldn’t be free.
No matter how far away he was from the Sorceress, he would never be free until he freed his soul. Velondra could do that for him. She could kill the Sorceress. He knew for sure that she was the chosen one the second she commanded the water.
The hardest part to figure out was what he was going to do with her. Did he really have the strength to fight the Sorceress? He wouldn’t know until he seen the girl. Luckily for him she was just outside his reach, he could see their boat floating towards the land that was barely visible.
Triston could hear them shouting but couldn’t make out what they were saying for the devil backed dragons started to roar and speed up faster. “Huh,” Triston thought in confusion until he looked down at the water and seen twenty to thirty dark blue masses swimming to the surface of the purpling water.
“Great,” he said in frustration.
The blue ice dragons must have seen them coming. These were water dragons that lived at the bottom of the sea, and the devil backed dragons were their greatest enemies. This would definitely be a problem. He knew it would be a risk. That’s why he had twenty three devil backed dragons, including the one he rode on, come along on his journey.
He felt the jerk of the dragon he rode as it flew towards the surface of the water to meet the ice dragons. The boat sailed no more than ten feet away from him as the first ice dragon darted from the water, spraying them with ice cold water that put frost on the hairs of Triston’s arms.
After thrashing through the air, his dragon decided to respond with a gust of fire that ranged the surface of the ice dragon’s blue scales. He could feel the heat emanating from the dragons neck and he knew another blow was coming. Just as the fire shot from his sharp toothed mouth the ice dragon responded with another gust of water that froze the fire in the air. The mass of frozen fire turned to mist as the fire melted it.
He could tell this was going to be a big battle and he really didn’t want to be in the middle of it. Neither did Velondra apparently for they were trying to sail away. They had probably spotted the land ahead of them. He couldn’t let her get away yet again. This was it, he had to decide whether to help her, or help the Sorceress.
***
Velondra commanded the water, making small amounts spurt up and then back down into the ocean again. It was then that she seen a large dark blue mass swim under their boat. Jumping back she looked to see if Josh had seen the same just as he asked, “What was that?”
“I don’t know. It was huge though,” she said.
“Velondra,” Josh said, but she had walked back to the railing to see if she could see it again. “Velondra,” he repeated.
“What,” she said, a little irritated as she looked back at him pointing his finger into the air behind her.
She was afraid to see what he was pointing at but she looked anyway, just to see a huge gathering of dark black creatures flying towards them. She knew this couldn’t be good.
“Go, hurry,” she yelled. “We have to move forward.”
“Is it him? Is it Triston?” he yelled back, moving to make the boat sail faster.
Velondra had difficulty concentrating when the boat was moving so wildly. She looked intensely but couldn’t make anything out.
“I don’t know, but I don’t want to wait to find out.”
“Velondra, watch out,” he yelled as she seen one of the black dragons with red striping dive towards their boat. Now that it was closer, she could see a man who she was sure was Triston, riding the dragon.
“Ahhhh,” she screamed as twenty or so blue creatures shot from the water and into the air towards the black creatures.
“Velondra, come over here,” Josh yelled. “I think they are dragons,” he shouted, trying to get her closer to him, even though that wouldn’t save them.
“I don’t care what they are, we have to get out of here,” she shouted back, struggling to get over by Josh.
“Look, land. I think we can make it,” Josh pointed out a large strip of land that was slowly coming into view as she felt heat and coldness stream past her at the same time.
The dragons were battling each other, spitting frozen water and fire at each other, and they were stuck in the middle.
Velondra yelled, “Hurry, before they burn the boat.”
“I’m trying, it doesn’t go any faster,” Josh responded, trying to pull the ropes harder as the boat slashed around in the water that the blue dragons kept dipping into and going out of.
Two dragons no more than thirty feet from them had decided to go head to head, thrashing at each other with sharp claws and teeth. The scaly blue dragon was dripping with green blood, as the black dragon clawed viciously at it.
Velondra looked for Triston who was obviously trying to control his dragon with trouble. The battle started getting further away as Josh sailed the boat roughly towards the strip of land. They were going to make it. They had to, she thought as she looked at Josh with an approving smile.
Now the dragon’s battle looked like a TV program with how far away they were. Just as she thought they were safe, one dark dragon emerged from the bundle, carrying Triston.
Velondra went pale as she said, “Oh no Josh, Triston is coming.” She really didn’t want Triston to capture them again. “We have to get to the creature on the shore before he gets to us.”
“I know, I’m trying,” he assured her. “We are almost there, look,” he pointed so she could see the shore.
Triston was gaining on them just as she sighed with relief as the boat hit the shore.
“Hurry, grab all the food, we have to go,” Josh said, scrambling to put all the food the mermaids had left them in a leaf like sack.
Velondra grabbed as much as she could fit in the small leaf like bag and followed Josh off the boat.
“Where do we go?” she yelled.
“I don’t know. What’s that ahead?” he asked, pointing at what looked like a cottage ahead of them. “It looks like some kind of lodging, let’s go.”
Running as fast as she could with Josh on her trail, and Triston following she was sure, her adrenaline pumped through her veins. They had to get to that small wooden like house ahead. She was sure that the creature Yurloft had been talking about was there. It could help them.
Coming up on the little cottage, it looked abandoned.
“Quietly,” she said, gesturing Josh to follow her into the cottage.
It was dark when she opened the door, and the smell was horrible. Since she was in such a hurry she didn’t get to see much. The place looked like it had been ransacked with furniture tipped over, and belongings scattering the floor.
“Hello,” she yelled.
No answer came. She followed the stench into the next room which looked about the same. When her eyes finally met the creature they were supposed to find, it almost made her vomit.
“Ewwwe. Now that’s gross,” Josh covered his nose as they looked at an orange fleshy mass that was dripping with orange fluids. It was curled up on the floor in a ball. It reminded her of what a pig would look like in this world. She knew it was the creature as she looked at the thick orange blood that dripped on the floor.
“Something must have known we were coming, and killed it before it could help us,” she thought aloud. “We can’t wait for Triston to find us, we have to move,” Velondra ordered as she walked out of the smelly house.
“Which way do we go?” Josh asked, more than happy to be out of the house.
“Away from shore, away from where he is coming,” she said, thinking it was the best idea as she started to run.
Velondra felt so lost and confused. She feared that she had lead Josh into his death, along with herself. She knew they couldn’t run faster than Triston, but they had to try.
It wasn’t long before her chest was heaving and her sides were aching with pain. She wished she could just disappear like Yurloft had, but she wasn’t that lucky.
They couldn’t hear Triston yet, so Velondra stopped to catch her breath and try to figure out where to go.
“What…are…you…doing?” Josh asked between his heavy breaths.
“I…can’t…breath…We…have…to…figure…out…which way…to go,” she replied with the same difficulty.
“I think there is a clearing up ahead. It looks like the trees thin out a bit up there,” Josh pointed out at the jungle of trees after he had caught his breath.
Velondra looked ahead where he had pointed and she thought he was right. Through all the African like jungle clutter ahead of them, it looked like it did thin out. Maybe she could see a little better over there.
“Okay, let’s go,” she ordered.
“Noooo! Don’t go out there,” they heard a man’s voice yell from behind them. They ran faster for they both recognized the voice as Triston’s.
“You don’t understand,” he yelled again.
“Hurry, Josh, we have to keep running,” she yelled as they got closer to the clearing.
Coming up on the edge of the trees, they both halted. In the sky there were hundreds of immense pink masses in the air. They looked like a cross between a cloud and a jelly fish. It was raining in this clearing also, but it wasn’t a rain that she was used to. The droplets were almost black.
Knowing Triston was right on her trail, Velondra started towards the rain. She thought the only thing to do was to run forward and keep running until he gave up, or she was dead. She would rather be dead than to be held captive by Triston again.
“Come on, we have to go,” she gestured for Josh to follow her as she stepped into the flowing black water.
The rain must have been below freezing temperatures, even thought she knew it must have been a good 80 degrees F out by the beach. Her skin started to feel numb only after a few moments. Then she heard yelling.
“Let me go. I have to get her. Let me go,” she heard Josh struggling.
“No,” Triston yelled, as she turned back to face Josh. Everything seemed to be in slow motion as her body involuntarily started to give in to the ground. What was going on, she thought. Blackness slowly started surrounding her mind, making Josh and Triston fade away into darkness.
“Velondra, hold on,” Eric said in a soothing tone. “Don’t let go. I need you,” her brother’s voice urged her. “Don’t let go into the darkness of the abyss.”
***
“What happened to her?” Josh yelled as Triston dragged Velondra’s body out of the black rain.
“She has been poisoned by the rain demons of the black rain,” Triston explained, pushing Velondra’s sopping hair out of her face.
Josh was so confused, but his attention was caught by the pink creatures in the sky. They had all started to fall to the ground, one by one. 
“What’s going on? What do they want?” Josh’s voice became worried.
“They are feeding on the demons that were released from the sky,” Triston explained once more. “We have to move when I say. You have to follow me or you won’t be able to get out of here safe,” he ordered Josh with urgency.
Josh looked at the pink creatures as they slid across the ground like snakes, looking for their prey. One creature started making its way over to where he was, and finally he could see what Triston was talking about. There were millions of small bug like creatures scattering the ground before them, and the pink creatures were sliding over them like a vacuum, sucking them up underneath their jelly like bodies.
The pink creature that was heading straight towards them started coming up on them faster. Josh moved backwards, readying himself to run if needed.
“Just wait,” Triston said.
“But,” Josh said, getting anxious as Triston said again, “Just wait.”
It was still coming up fast towards him, making him nervous. When it was no more than five feet in front of him, it exploded into a billion liquid droplets that started floated back up into the air.
Josh looked around the open land and all the pink creatures were doing the same. Triston pickup up Velondra just as Josh looked to ask him about it.
“It’s time to go,” Triston commanded. “It won’t start raining again for about thirty seconds, follow me,” Triston said, darting out into the clearing, leaving Josh behind.
He had to run as fast as he could to stay caught up with Triston. It seemed it almost wasn’t fast enough for when Josh jumped into the cover of the trees he could feel the freezing breeze almost cut into his back.
Triston lay Velondra’s unconscious body on the ground and Josh figured that would be his only chance at getting her away from Triston. He ducked between them quickly and covered as much of her upper body as he could with a defensive stance.
“You won’t take us again,” Josh said darkly as he held his crouched position between the two. “You will have to kill us both first.”
“You’re mistaken boy. I am going to help you get to the King,” Triston responded. “She is nothing to the Sorceress dead, and only Yaspa has the cure to the black rain of death,” he explained, putting his hands up in a surrendering movement.
“I don’t believe you. You are just going to lead us to the Sorceress,” Josh wouldn’t let his guard down. “Velondra seen what she does and I won’t let it happen to either of us.” He didn’t believe Triston in the least.
“Ahhh, boy,” Triston yelled, “You don’t understand. Velondra doesn’t have time for this. Her body will give completely away to the venom if she doesn’t get the cure soon,” Triston ran his fingers through his hair.
“I don’t believe you.”
“I know it’s hard to trust me, but I don’t think you have much choice in the matter,” Triston tried to persuade him. “Either move out of the way and help me get her to the King, or I will move you myself,” he finally threatened after seeing that Josh wasn’t going to move.
Josh stood there contemplating his decision. He knew that he wouldn’t stand a chance against Triston so he couldn’t fight him. He also knew that he had no idea where to go to find the King and he was sure that Triston did. The rain had reacted within seconds of touching Velondra and he would be in the same situation if Triston hadn’t of pulled him away and restrained him from following Velondra. That had to count for something. Both Josh and Velondra would be left for dead if Triston hadn’t of helped.
Did Triston really have some good in him? Was Velondra really going to die if she didn’t get the cure? Well, as much as he knew she would be mad at him for doing it, he had to accept Triston’s help. He didn’t have any other choice. He knew nothing of the land, and wasn’t strong enough to actually carry her anyway.
Josh slowly stood up and got out of Triston’s way, letting him pick her up once more.
“Follow me. We will have only a matter of hours before the venom will render her lifeless,” Triston ordered.
Josh grabbed Triston by the arm, not really strong enough to stop him, but enough to make Triston realize that Josh wasn’t through yet.
“I will help you, but I still don’t trust you,” Josh looked at him with a narrowed gaze. “If you harm a single hair on her head, I will do everything in my power to inflict as much pain on you as I can,” Josh said, letting go and finally ready to follow.
“I understand. It’s very heroic of you to try and stand up against a warrior of the silver moon,” Triston walked forward. “Do you realize how powerful and fast I am? I am the only one left, but if there was a fight, which there won’t be, I would definitely win,” Triston said in a playful manner.
“As long as you know where I stand,” Josh said seriously, not letting his guard down for one second. He wasn’t going to make it easy for Triston if he went against his word.
“I know. Now try to keep up,” Triston ordered as he heaved Velondra’s body more comfortably over his shoulder.
It seemed quieter than the mid of night while they walked. Josh had been walking in silence, trying to keep an extreme eye on Triston to make sure he didn’t try anything funny. It seemed like his curiosity got the best of him though.
“What exactly happened to her?” Josh asked, not being able to hold in the questions.
“The rain she walked into is called the black rain of death because it carries rain demons in its water droplets. When the water droplets break open the demons devour whatever they can so they can get enough energy to run from their predator. The hail worms are their predator. Those were the things in the sky. The hail worms wait for the rain to come down, and then feed when the demons are at their slowest. After they feed, they dissipate and go back into the air, where they wait to feed again,” Triston explained.
Josh was confused as to how this made Velondra become unconscious, so he asked, “how come it did that to Velondra?”
“Because the demons have venom in their teeth making it so they can paralyze their prey for a quicker meal. Velondra just so happened to become one of their victims.”
“Wait, how come you didn’t get paralyzed then when you grabbed her out of the rain?” Josh asked.
“Because my skin is tougher than most, they can’t bite through my skin,” he explained. “Remember, I’m a warrior of the silver moon,” Triston said, reminding him that it should be obvious.
Triston had let Josh stop for a few minutes rest. It wasn’t nearly long enough though when he said, “Okay, enough rest, we run again.”
It must have been over an hour now, and he was sure Velondra was losing grip. Josh could see her lips turning blue and her skin turning almost transparent. That wasn’t good at all. He had hoped that they were close. With every thought of how close they were to the King, he thought of Triston and whether or not he was actually helping them or setting them up for death.



Chapter 11
Yaspa’s Kingdom
Josh and Triston traveled through the African like jungle faster than Josh had thought they would. Before he knew it they were crossing rivers and entering lands that had a less dense of a forest than what they had been through earlier.
He felt like he was hiking in the Rockies now for there were massive mountains that were caked with greenery. It was beautiful, but so hard to appreciate when Velondra was slowly dying in Triston’s arms.
Josh knew she was holding on with every short raspy breath that escaped her blue lips. He had hoped that he made the right decision on trusting Triston. After traveling what seemed like almost the whole day, Josh started to get antsy. He began to fear that Velondra wouldn’t make it.
“Are we almost there,” he asked Triston, looking at Velondra once more, hoping that she would breath another raspy breath. She did and Josh exhaled with relief.
“Would you stop asking that?” Triston said with an aggravated tone.
“I don’t think she has much longer,” was all Josh could say as they kept moving forward.
“It’s just over that next big hill,” Triston told him, not showing any sign of compassion or sympathy for Velondra’s state.
Josh kept quiet, hoping that Triston wasn’t lying. Every few minutes he looked at Velondra to make sure she was still breathing. She was getting weaker by the minute. Her breaths were so small and lifeless now, Josh thought, looking at her again.
Getting anxious as they started up the hill that Triston had said was the last, Josh sped up his pace. Being so close to salvation made his adrenaline start to pump.
It was almost suns down and a purple glow emanated beyond the mountains ahead of them. The hair on the back of his neck stood on end as they reached the peak of the hill and Josh could finally see Yaspa’s Kingdom.
“Wow…” he exclaimed, looking over at a mini city that looked as if it was cloaked in gold paint.
“It is called the Golden City, and I’m sure you can figure out why,” Triston responded to his awe.
“Well I can see why it’s called the Golden City, but why is it gold?”
“Royals can tune in to most of their powers when they are closest to their natural element,” Triston smiled as Josh made it very obvious he was in complete wonder. “Yaspa’s natural element is gold.”
Josh stared down at the land, thinking it was something he would have seen on TV rather than in real life. The city glowed under the setting of the suns.
“Let’s go, she’s almost out of time,” Triston said, bringing Josh back to his current reality.
“I’m guessing he is in that big castle over there,” Josh said, pointing at a golden castle sitting in the middle of the city with hundreds of windows, balconies, and towers.
“Yes. Now follow me,” Triston ordered. “Don’t speak a word to anyone. Let me do the talking.”
Josh followed, convinced now that Triston was really trying to help them. There was no way the Sorceress would live in a place like this. The aura this place gave off was too good. They made their way down the big hill and towards the city that was blocked off by one huge wall that circled the whole city, protecting it from outsiders.
There were four corners of this wall and each had tall guard towers, but Josh was too far away to see if there was anyone in them. From the top of the hill he could see the city as a whole, but as they got closer, the city disappeared behind the great golden walls.
Just as Josh thought that they had better hurry, Velondra’s body started convulsing like she was getting electrocuted every time she breathed in. Josh grabbed her hand while running alongside Triston, fearing that she would be lost at any second. He needed her. How would he survive if she wasn’t there?
He had come along thinking that he was going to be protecting her. He criticized himself as he looked at her and thought about what a horrible job he did on helping her when she was now dying. If she survived, he would never let it happen again, he vowed. His life would be hers.
As they approached what looked like the entrance to the golden city, Triston held out his arm. He was stopping Josh from going any further, as he pointed up at the top of the gates.
Josh looked up to see twenty or more men with arrows pointing all at them.
“You have no business here silver warrior,” said one of the men, who Josh figured was their leader.
“I am not on business for the Sorceress. I have a more important task. This,” he pointed at Velondra, and then continued, “is the fifth enlightenment. She has been infected by rain demons and needs Yaspa’s assistance.”
“If she was the fifth enlightenment, then she could heal herself,” the man stated. “You don’t fool me.”
“Look,” Triston laid her down on the ground and opened her eyes, showing them the blue vastness that hid behinds her eye lids before.
“She came through the portal and has been raised… human,” Triston said with a little disgust. “She doesn’t know her power yet, and none of you will either if she dies here before your wall.”
The man speaking looked around at the other guards, but none of them seemed convinced.
“Yes, she certainly does fit the description. But your master could have easily have disguised one of her minions. Now leave, trader, before we make you leave.”
“Wait,” Josh piped up. He couldn’t let her die because they didn’t believe Triston. If Triston hadn’t of been there then they would have trusted Josh. “Wait,” he repeated, “she will die. How will she defeat the Sorceress if she is dead? Yurloft sent us,” Josh finished, now kneeling down next to Velondra. “Please, you have to help.”
“Yurloft sent you?”
“Yes,” Triston said.
The wall before them cracked from top to bottom, and then swung open like a door.
Triston didn’t give them a chance to change their minds as he picked Velondra up as if he was cradling her in his arms, and started for the city behind the wall.
Josh sped up, trying to keep up with Triston once more. It seemed more difficult this time for all the buildings and people around him were more distracting than anything he had ever seen.
There were creatures of all sorts walking along the city roads that were also built in gold. Some of the creatures were hairy and eight foot tall, and some were little as kittens but looked like featherless birds without wings. All the creatures acted the same towards them though.
Some creatures went straight into their shops and locked the doors, and others stared and whispered to each other. It was obvious that the whole town would know who they were, but Josh wasn’t sure if that was good or bad.
“Just follow me. They won’t do anything,” Triston said, making his way straight to the center of the city.
Josh thought that it was brilliant that everything, even the roads, were made of gold. That way if Yaspa went outside the castle grounds, he would be able to protect himself anywhere within his city.
The castle seemed even more magnificent up close. He wondered how many people lived in the castle. It could hold at least 500 families easy, he thought, as they walked up the castle steps. He was looking forward to seeing the Queen Britania, and the King Yaspa.
“Follow me,” a man who was a little taller than Triston said as he popped out from the entrance into the castle.
Josh examined everything as they walked through a great hall. It was styled in a renaissance theme and everything from the drapes to the chandeliers seemed to be themed with the color gold. Many portraits of what Josh figured were part of the Eastern Royal family hung on the walls.
They stopped at the end of the hall as the muscular warrior clad in golden cloths said, “Wait here,” and then disappeared behind a huge door.
“Let me do the talking with King Yaspa please,” Triston whispered.
Josh looked at Velondra, hoping it wouldn’t take long to get the King to comply.
The great door swung open again and a strong masculine voice reigned from the room behind the door.
“What be your business in my kingdom, trader from the silver moon?”
“I have with me the fifth enlightenment, and she requires healing,” Triston replied, not moving.
“Let me see then, and I will decide if she needs healing,” the voice rang loud, as Triston moved forward, gesturing for Josh to do the same.
Josh almost shook with nerves as he followed.
The room they entered was circular and was decorated like Josh thought a church would be. The walls were painted in gold and had murals of battles ranged from top to bottom. There were windows going from the floor to the ceiling that were stained with colors that formed pictures much like the wall murals.
Creatures and what looked like humans all scattered to the edges of the walls forming a circular audience. They all gasped when they seen Triston walk up to the three thrones in the back center of the room and lay Velondra’s body at the feet of the people sitting in the thrones.
“How can she be the fifth enlightenment if she is nearly dead?” the man on the middle throne giggled.
Josh observed the three people sitting on the thrones.
The one in the middle he was sure was King Yaspa. He was an older man, maybe in his fifties. At least that is what his age would be on earth. He had a deep stare of green eyes and a full head of golden blond hair that was barely maturing with little strands of grey. His robes were gold and white, and flowed to the floor.
All this did not tell Josh he was the King. It was the huge crown that sat on his head and stood at least a foot tall with green, red, blue, and yellow encrusted jewels.
“She was attacked by rain demons and raised as human so she does not know how to control this,” Triston answered.
“That is a likely story. Why should we believe you? You serve Zendria,” the woman sitting next to Yaspa in her own throne asked.
This must have been Queen Britania. She was the most beautiful thing Josh had ever seen, he thought. Her hair flowed long and looked like endless fields of wheat, and her skin was so fair and perfect, but her eyes looked dangerous as she glared their hazel color at Triston with suspicion.
Triston winced at the use of the sorceress’s given name and said, “I only served her because I had no other choice. Velondra is now my choice,” he finished, gesturing his surrendering hands down at the lifeless body that only seemed to have minutes left.
“And who is this that you bring with you? The Sorceress’s servant,” the man next to the King spoke as he pointed at Josh.
Josh figured this was Britania’s son from Demond. He looked as if he could break a man in half. He was obviously a warrior. What Prince wasn’t a warrior? He most definitely did not look like Yaspa though. He had a head full of dark black hair, and bright hazel eyes that he obviously got from his mother.
“He was planned to be her servant, but he protects Velondra now,” Triston said, looking back at Josh with an approving smile.
“Why do you give her the name of the fifth enlightenment? You don’t even know that she is,” King Yaspa asked.
Josh looked at the King in amazement. So Velondra was the chosen one, or least someone with the same name was. That was weird. Why would she have been thrown out into the earth realm if she had been the chosen one? He looked back at Velondra and knew that she had to be the fifth enlightenment. She was barely alive, and she couldn’t wait for all these questions to be answered.
“Look at her,” Josh yelled, getting furious at Triston and the King for dancing around with their words instead of trying to save her life. He walked over to Velondra and pulled her hair out of her face, showing the Royal family who she was.
Britania gasped and King Yaspa went almost pale. Josh knew that if Velondra was the fifth enlightenment, than the king would know who she was just by looking at her.
“We will give her the potion, but that does not mean that she is who you say,” the king responded, hushing all the whispers in the room. “She may look like Velondra, but how do I know that you’re not tricking me?” King Yaspa asked.
“Then give her a test, see if she passes,” Triston said, picking up Velondra’s body and laying her down on a stone table that four men had just carried out on Yaspa’s demand.
“Bring in the healer. He will have the hail worm blood,” King Yaspa demanded to one of his servants who quickly disappeared. “So if she has control over your soul, how do you expect to help Velondra?” Yaspa asked, not looking like he believed Triston one bit.
Josh walked over to Velondra, now laying on the hard stone table, and grabbed her hand. She no longer moved. Her chest sat still. Josh put his ear up to her chest, hoping that there was still a heartbeat. With a sigh of relief, there was barely a beat.
“I have learned how to hide my mind from the Sorceress. She won’t know what’s coming for her,” Triston said, an evil smile playing on his lips.
“Ok, ok, move out of the way,” a small man came through the way that the servant had disappeared before.
He was holding a small vile of glowing pink liquid in his old shaky hands. He stood shorter than Josh did, and was clad in gold and white cloths that seemed to barely hang off of his weak and wrinkled body. A golden strap bunched his long gray hair that flowed to the bottom of his back and kept it together. Josh didn’t know how he was supposed to help Velondra when he looked like he was going to croak at any second.
The old healer went to Velondra and surveyed her lifeless body as he said, “It looks like she has been barely hanging on, but this should do the trick,” he said as he took the lid off the vial of pink glowing liquid and brought it up to Velondra’s lips.
Triston stood in his same spot, looking over at Velondra while the healer worked on her. Josh had to admit, he didn’t trust Triston when he said he would help them, but Triston had followed through. Maybe he really did want to help.
Josh looked from Triston to Velondra and knew that she was drinking the hail worm blood for the pink glowing substance entered her mouth and made her skin glow pink around the throat. She still lay lifeless as the last drop of hail worm blood vanished in her mouth. Her body slowly started to regain color and her breathing came back. Just as Josh thought that she was going to be ok, a gut wrenching scream escaped her mouth, though her eyes didn’t open.
Triston ran towards her, ready to help. Josh grabbed her arm, getting ready to sooth her screams. He figured that it was normal, until her body started to rise from the stone and float in mid air. Josh retracted his hands from her arms when her skin became scorching hot, enough to burn his hands like a curling iron.
Triston and Josh looked up at Yaspa who was now standing in anticipation.
“I don’t know what went wrong. This has never happened before,” yelled the healer as a wind started blowing from nowhere and the room became dark. All they could see was Velondra’s pink glowing elevated body in the center of the room.
Shrieks and small screams came from the watching crowd while Velondra continued to scream.
Josh looked at Triston and yelled, “Help her.”
Triston ran over to her, hopped onto the stone table and tried to pull her down. He fell to the ground in pain, grabbing at his burnt hands.
Slowly, the glow around Velondra’s body started turning from a light pink to a dark blood red.
“What’s wrong with her, help her,” Josh yelled at the healer. King Yaspa, the healer, and all else stood in awe, watching Velondra’s body change.
When blood started seeping out of the pours in her skin Josh decided it was the last straw. He wasn’t going to let her die. He jumped up on the stone table as Triston had, and grabbed Velondra. He felt the same pain Triston had felt. He retracted his hands, looking at them as they burned red and started to blister.
Velondra screamed louder, and her body started to convulse. Josh couldn’t take it anymore. He would deal with the pain, he thought, as he reached up for Velondra again.
“Ahhhhh….” He yelled in pain, but didn’t let go as he heaved as hard as he could to get her body back to the stone. Triston got up and started to help as the two of them screamed in pain, and Velondra screamed in agony.
“Almost there,” Josh yelled as they slowly brought her blood dripping body back to the stone.
Triston pinned her down as Josh came up close to her ear and whispered, “You can do this Velondra. You can’t leave me.”
Velondra lay motionless as Josh continued to whisper in her ear, “I need you. Eric needs you. Pull through,” he finished.
Velondra’s body stopped convulsing and the glowing died down, letting the purple suns come back to shine in the room. Her body was stained with blood as she lay unconscious, and her screams stopped.
“Velondra?” Josh asked, but she didn’t move.
“We failed, she is gone,” Triston said, looking down at his burnt flesh.
***
Blackness covered Velondra’s mind. Josh’s voice seemed lost in its depth. What had happened, she thought. Triston was on their trail and it’s like everything just stopped and became nothing. She had heard Eric’s voice for a moment, or at least she thought she had, but now it was nothingness.
It felt like so long since she had felt, seen, or heard anything. Just emptiness surrounded her. It seemed as if she was a lost soul in a pit of darkness.
Just when she thought it would be like this forever, a small shining light appeared. Slowly it started to get bigger. Velondra tried to move closer to it but she seemed to be cemented to the blackness, so she waited for the light to come to her.
“Velondra,” Josh’s voice rang through her head. He had come to save her from this abyss.
Only pieces of what he said, she could hear.
“Can’t leave me…I need,” he said but it was like she was losing reception.
Then the one thing he said that rang clear in her mind was, “Eric needs you.”
She had to get to the light. It was her way out, her window back to reality. She felt hot and sticky but she kept going. Like swimming through thick jell-o she moved her body, or her mind, she wasn’t sure.
Squeezing her body through the light, it shined so brightly it felt like it was burning her eyes.
“Velondra?” Josh said, but all was quiet and dark again. She felt different though, like she just had to walk after being paralyzed.
“We failed, she is gone,” she heard Triston’s voice.
Oh no, she thought. Triston had got them. Why was he saying she was gone?
I’m here, she tried to say, but everything seemed frozen. She concentrated more, more on Josh who needed her, more on Eric. Eric really needed her.
“Eric,” she screamed as she felt her body break through an indivisible shell and she opened her eyes just in time to see a shining blue light flash across the room and then vanish.
“Velondra,” Josh yelled and embraced her sore body.
“It’s her! She is the fifth enlightenment,” a man yelled.
She could hear gasps and awe surrounding her, but couldn’t make anyone out.
It took a minute for her eyes to adjust, but she was sitting in a circular room that was covered in gold and white décor with stained glass windows and painted murals. A purple glow from the suns emanated the room and all its inhabitants. There were three people standing in front of what looked like thrones. All three of them, the woman and both men, looked as if they were royalty. They all had crowns and were clad in white and gold clothing.
“What happened?” she asked, pulling away from Josh to look around more. As soon as she spotted Triston she yelled, “Why is he here.” No way was he going near her, she thought.
“Velondra please calm down. You almost died and Triston helped me find King Yaspa so we could save your life. You walked straight into a field that had rain demons that bit you and paralyzed you and,” Josh continued but Velondra interrupted.
“Rain demons? What the hell is going on?”
“I am going to help you kill the Sorceress so my soul can be free,” Triston said, walking towards her. Now that she got a better look at him, she seen his arms and hands were burned and bleeding, with flesh hanging off of them.
“Don’t come near me,” she told Triston, “Josh,” she looked at him and her mouth dropped at the sight of him. “Oh my gosh! What happened to you,” she asked Josh for his arms and hands were the same as Triston’s, bleeding and burned with flesh hanging off them.
“Velondra, I’ll be ok,” Josh said. “You can save us. I know it now.”
“How, it looks like you’re the one doing the saving,” she asked, now tearing up, knowing it was her fault that Josh was in pain.
“Look at your forehead,” he said, looking at her in awe.
An old man brought up a small hand mirror that was encrusted in gold. She took it from him and looked at her reflection, more confused than ever.
She gasped at the person looking back at her. It took her a minute to see that it really was her, but her skin was covered in blood, and her eyes were glowing blue. On top of all this, the most noticeable change was the blue oval shaped jewel that sat in the middle of her forehead and shined as her eyes did. Bringing up her hands to touch the jewel, she tried to get it off. It wasn’t going to budge. It was like it had always been a part of her.
“What have you guys done,” she asked, more scared than ever.
“We didn’t do it, Velondra, you did,” Josh said.
“I don’t understand,” she said, looking from Triston, to the people on the thrones and back to Josh again.
“Let me explain,” said the man standing in front of the middle throne.
“It’s ok. He is King Yaspa,” Josh said.
After all the talking and explaining, Velondra finally understood where they were and what had happened.
“We didn’t know for sure that the prophecy was true. There were only rumors for the longest time,” Yaspa had explained. “But now we know, for only a goddess can embrace a stone of power.”
Velondra didn’t know what to think about the whole goddess thing, but she could feel a difference in her soul. She could feel power running through her veins like electricity. If that meant that she was the chosen one, then she would embrace it. It was the only way to save her brother.
There were many people standing around like an audience. Every time Velondra would make eye contact with one of them, they would bow their heads. Finally she set her eyes on Triston once more. She was filled with suspicion.
“How am I suppose to believe that you are actually going to help me when you were going to send me off to my death so easily before,” she asked Triston.
“I brought you here didn’t I? You wouldn’t be alive if I hadn’t,” Triston replied with irritation. It seemed he was getting tired of being questioned on his motives.
Velondra thought about it. She probably would have died if it weren’t for Triston. Thinking about what to do next she figured she should do what she came to do.
“King Yaspa,” she addressed the king and bowed while doing so, “Do I have your alliance against the Sorceress?”
“Velondra, you do. I will help with every inch of my life and of my kingdom’s. You have my alliance,” he said, also bowing towards Velondra.
“Ok, then where do we go from here,” Velondra asked, looking from Josh to Triston, then back to the King.
“I think Genevive needs a little awakening. With as many men as she has following her very scent, she could have an army twice the size of mine to help,” King Yaspa looked annoyed. “What do you think?”
“I think we should travel north,” Velondra said, knowing it would be harder to get Queen Genevive to fight with her, but also knowing that it was necessary to win against the Sorceress. Velondra knew Genevive would believe she was the fifth enlightenment, but would she care? That was the real task.
Working on her powers would be a priority during her journey though. She had to learn how to use her powers before it was too late. There was no doubt in her mind that she had powers now. She only hoped that she wouldn’t let the rest of New Velipia down when it came to facing the Sorceress.
So here she was again, getting ready to start yet another journey across New Velipia, this time with a teenage boy who saved her life, and a man she was drawn to in more than one way. A man she wasn’t sure was going to protect her or try to slit her throat in the middle of the night. Either way, she had to move forward.
