The Secret Wolf

Stacey Card

Published by Stacey Card at Smashwords.

Copyright 2013 Stacey Card

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This is a work of fiction.  Some of the places are real, but the characters are imaginary.



For Gabby, Maddi and Louise.
Who pushed me to keep writing.



Table of Contents

Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Epilogue




Prologue 

I felt something watching me, it was the shiver that went down my spine that alerted me to the presence.  I opened my eyes and looked around, nothing.  I closed my eyes again and layer back, that's when I felt hot breath on the back of my neck.  I stiffened and didn't turn around, I slowly stood up on shaky legs.  I slowly walked towards the gap between trees that I came through.  I didn't turn around because I knew that if I did, I wouldn't like what I saw.  I didn't hear anything following me, but I knew that whatever it was, was still watching, waiting for me to leave the forest.



Chapter One

We were moving again, no surprise there.  We moved every month or so, mom travelled a lot for her job, so it's not unusual for us to pack up and leave. I never make friends because there's no point when you will just leave them again, it stops the heartache.  We were moving to Tree Tops, a small isolated town, or so Google says. 

I was looking forward to moving out of New York though, I was fed up with the traffic and the boring scenery.  Tree Tops was surrounded by a forest, just what I like.  I'm an artist, what can I say?  I love the outdoors and the different scenery, it's one of the reasons I don't mind moving round all the time.  Of course sometimes I wish that we could just stay in one place.  I wouldn't mind being like a normal sixteen year old, one that had a boyfriend.  I envy the girls that do, but then again I just remind myself that they probably won't last long.

I'm the type of girl that wants a fairy tale, some Prince Charming to sweep me off my feet, and we can live happily ever after.  Of course that only happens in the fairy tales, but still a girl can dream can't she?

"Alysha!", mom called from downstairs, I was late, I always was.

We were meant to be on the road by now but I woke up late and still had a load to pack.  I am currently sitting on a box trying to tape it shut, she could have helped instead of talking to neighbours about the 'big move'.  Oh well, it's only going to put us back an hour, I was still in my pyjamas.

The drive was four hours to Tree Tops and it was already three in the afternoon, another thing you should know about me is that I don't do mornings.  People that like mornings have issues, if I see the sunrise it is probably because I haven't been to sleep yet.  School is the worst though, why couldn't it start at two instead of half eight?  I would actually be early then.

"Alysha!", mom shouted getting impatient.  I can imagine her now pacing the hall downstairs looking from her watch to the stairs.

"I'm coming.", I said while I carried the last box down the stairs.  "You know I would have been a lot faster if you would have helped right?"

She rolled her eyes at me.  "Well if you had done it yesterday, like I told you to instead of going to the park to draw you would have been ready this morning."

I just walked passed her and loaded the last box into the car, the moving van had already gone ahead.  I got into the car while she checked the house to see if we had everything.

I beeped the horn as she was locking up, calling "Hurry up! We need to leave now if we want to get there before dinner!"

She shot me a look that made me laugh, but would have made anyone else shut up.  She walked over to the car and we were on our way.

"Have you taken your pill today?"  Mom asked when we were stopped in traffic.

"Yeah." I said, reaching into my back and taking one when she wasn’t looking.

I've been taking the pills since I was a baby, I don’t really know what they're for, but mum gets really moody when I don’t take them.

I live with my mom, I have no siblings and no pets, but that's just the way I'm used to things.  It's just me and my mom, it's nice, we get along great and get on with our own things.  I don't know where my dad is, mom never wants to talk about him, says I'm too young to understand.  I dream though, about the day he will come back to us, how he would look.  Mom always says that I look like him and would know if I ever met him, because it would be like looking in a mirror of a male version of myself, just a little older obviously.

So I have been looking for the man with grey eyes and black hair that looks blue in some lighting.  I've never found him, I've found people with that description, but I've never felt like they were the one that I was looking for.  I wonder what his life is like now, and if he ever thinks of mum and me.

Boys have always said that I was pretty, but none of them ever did ask me out.  I never had friends, party because I move but also because they didn't like 'their' boys drooling over me.  So I was used to getting my clothes taken after gym and finding surprises in my locker.  I actually found a slug I there once, so I punched the girl, she had a pretty black eye.  The nun saw me though and it was bye bye school.

"Ahh!", Mom squealed.

I looked at her with my brow raised in question.  She just stared at me and nodded her head towards a sign, it said 'WELCOME TO TREE TOPS' in big green writing on dark brown wood.

"We're here!", Mom exclaimed and I smiled at her.  I have a feeling that I'm going to like it here. 



Chapter Two

It was seven o'clock when we arrived at the new house, thanks to leaving late.  I had a big grin on my face when I first took in the house, it wasn't big or anything it was small, but it was perfect.  It was a three bed roomed house, and it was painted a dark chocolate brown.  The front garden was small with a path leading up to the front door.  There were only a few other houses on the street but they all looked similar and cosy.  The car had to be parked on the road but there were sectioned off places.

Mom unlocked the door and I went straight upstairs, mum had already moved some things in and had chosen rooms.  She came up behind me and said, "I have a surprise for you."

I followed her into a room next to the main bathroom, she opened the door and inside were some of my pictures that I had drew on a bigger canvas because I liked them.  There was a red sofa on one wall and a fire place on the other.  In the middle was an easel with a new set of pencils.  It had a red stool in front of it and it faced the window, looking outside the window I could see the forest.  I looked more closely and could see that there was no fence between the property and the forest, so I could easily go for a walk in there.

I turned to my mom and hugged her.  "Thank you so so much!  I love it." 

She had tears in her eyes, she felt like she was a bad mum with all the moving, she felt guiltier every time we moved, I know she did.  She hugged me back hard and I walked over to look at the view of the forest, it wasn't much but it would be good inspiration, forests don't look the same twice.  

"I'm glad you like it, um, I've felt kinda bad moving you around all the time, it's not the life that you deserve.  So I spoke with my boss and asked for a more permanent placement, so we're staying here for a while."

"Really?  So no more moving?  You mean I can actually make friends and go to dances and stuff?", I tried to sound as if I wasn't getting my hopes up.

She smiled at me and nodded.  I squealed and threw myself at her, hugging her hard. Finally I could see what it's like to be normal, and in a place like this where I could get lots of inspiration for my drawings.  I couldn't wait to get started, but I had lots of time now, not just a month.

"You start school on Monday, so don't start staying up late and getting out of routine.", Mom scolded me knowing that I'd stay up late drawing what I've seen.

I poked my tongue out at her and grunted.  When she left I quickly went into my own room to inspect it.  It was quite big and light green with dark green curtains and bed sheets.  Green was my favourite colour, it reminded me of the grass in the summer. There were dark brown book shelves and cupboards.  On the wall was one of my drawings of a wolf, I had never seen one but I had watched a documentary and I was intrigued, so I drew one.  He was light brown and was stood on a mountain howling at the moon, he was cast in the moonlight so it looked like he stood in a spotlight.

I loved it, mom always knew exactly what I liked.  I had an on-suit and it was similar colours to my room, with dark green and light green tiles.  I walked downstairs to look at the rest of the house.  The T.V room was a red colour with a black leather sofa facing the flat screen.  Behind the sofa was a drawing of a rose that I found in one of our homes, it looked like the one off Beauty and The Beast, with a glass case around it. 

In the kitchen it was a light blue, it didn't really go with the rest of the house but still it was light and cheery.  On the fridge with a Tom and Jerry magnet holding it up, was a note from my mum:

Alysha,
          I have gone out to meet my new boss for dinner, I have left money so you can order pizza or you can cook.  I have been shopping and have loaded the fridge with food that you like.  I'm sorry I couldn't be there, but because I wanted a more permanent place I have to work more often so won't be around as much.
Love you always,
Mom

Well at least she write me a note, I did wonder why she gave me an art room, at least now I know why.  I looked in the fridge and cupboards, nothing caught my eye so I decided to order pizza.  I looked around looking for a menu or a Yellow Pages book, but came up empty.  I wondered if next door would have one, and debated going over there to ask.  I looked at the clock on the wall and it said eight o'clock, I decided that it wasn't too late.

Pulling on my trainers I walked down the path and up to my neighbours front door.  I knocked, biting my lip wondering if this was such a good idea.  A light came on outside and I heard the locks turn in the door.

A man in his late thirties opened the door with a startled expression on his face.  "May I help you?", he asked politely.

He was a tall man with blonde hair cut close to his head. He was dressed as if he had just come back from work, in a black suit and tie.

"Um, I was, er, wondering if you might have a pizza menu that I can borrow?  You see I'm new here, me and my mom just moved in next door today, and we don't have one.", I bit my lip nervously.

He stood there looking at me for a moment, a bewildered expression on his face.  He held up his hand in a 'one moment' gesture and walked back into the house.  He returned a few minuets later with a menu.

"Thank you.", I said taking it off him.

"No problem.  I thought someone new was moving in, my wife and I saw the moving vans earlier and were wondering when you were coming.  You and your mother must come around for dinner one day.", he smiled at me.

"Yeah, we moved today.  I'll tell her you said that I'm sure she'd love to meet you and your wife."

I waved at him as I walked away, already trying to decide what to have on my pizza, I was starved. Once I was inside I quickly dialled the number and ordered a cheese and ham pizza.  As I awaited its arrival I looked out of the patio doors into the dark forest, I'd go for a walk tomorrow and see if there is anything that I could draw.  I might go into town after that and see what this place has to offer.

The door bell rang as I was watching T.V, I got up quickly, my stomach rumbling.  I quickly grabbed the money from the kitchen and opened the door.  Stood outside was the most gorgeous boy I had ever laid eyes on, he was tall with messy blonde hair and sparkly blue eyes, I wanted to draw him, he was just so perfect.  My mouth dropped open and I only shut it when he started laughing.

I scowled at him, "And what would be so amusing?"

He stopped and just looked at me, he shook his head and handed me the pizza, "That's five seventy.", he had a nice voice.

I handed him the money, just as I was about to shut the door in his face he put his foot there to stop it.  I opening it again looking at him.

"If you think I'm giving you a tip after you laughed at me, you are deadly wrong buddy."

He surprised her by sticking out his hand, "I'm Dan, you must be new here because I haven't seen you around before.  Are you going to go to Beckamen?"

Beckamen was the local high school, I narrowed my eyes at him wondering if this is one of his jokes.

"Alysha", I said grasping his big warm hand in mine "and yes I will be attending Beckamen.  Do you go there?"

"Yeah it sucks, but then again what school doesn't?", He laughed and so did I.

"Well you know it was nice meeting you and all, but my pizza is getting cold.  See you Monday?"

"I don't know, you see I was hoping I could show you around town.  Maybe tomorrow?"

I blinked at him not knowing what to say, it's the first time someone actually wanted to spend time with me.  Yes, a boy is asking you out, my inner voice said, ok so maybe it's not an official date, but it's still a start.  I agreed with her, but I wasn't sure, Dan seemed like the type of guy that would love 'em and leave 'em.

"No.", I said and slammed the door in his shocked face.

He knocked again but I ignored it, I grabbed my pizza and took it to my room.  I can't believe you just done that, my inner voice scolded.  To be honest, I couldn't believe I done it either.  I sat there eating my pizza wondering why I didn't say yes, after all it would mean that I knew someone for school on Monday, even if he was a jerk.  After I finished my pizza, I drew a picture of Dan, it was just too tempting.  I fell asleep at eleven, my mom still wasn't home, which means she has probably joined them for a drink.



Chapter Three

I was awake, dressed and downstairs having brunch by two o'clock.  My mom had left a note saying that she had to go to work early and that I should enjoy the day and go exploring, which is exactly what I was going to do.  I decided to go into the woods first, so I had on my jeans and a hoodie with trainers.  I put my sketch book in my bag, along with three pencils, a bottle of water and a chocolate bar.

The weather was nice when I got outside, it was sunny with a slight breeze, perfect for a walk in the woods.  I started walking into the woods, nothing of interest caught my eye at first, but you have to focus on theses types of things.  I enjoyed the forest, the sounds, the smells, I felt like it was a part of me, like I wanted to turn into a fox or a rabbit and live here.  I had walked for about ten minuets when I came to a lake, it was beautiful, the sun was shining off it and the water was glistening.

I sat down on a near by tree trunk and started to draw, I might even blow it up onto a bigger canvas.  It was really beautiful here, peaceful even, with the birds singing happily in the trees and the wind blowing, rustling the trees.  There was the odd rabbit that you could see chasing one another, it was truly amazing.  I opening my water bottle turning my face towards the sun, I wish I had brought my sunglasses.  

I felt something watching me, it was the shiver that went down my spine that alerted me to the presence.  I opened my eyes and looked around, nothing.  I closed my eyes again and layer back, that's when I felt hot breath on the back of my neck.  I stiffened and didn't turn around, I slowly stood up on shaky legs.  I slowly walked towards the gap between trees that I came through.  I didn't turn around because I knew that if I did, I wouldn't like what I saw.  I didn't hear anything following me, but I knew that whatever it was, was still watching, waiting for me to leave the forest.

Once I got back at the house I got showered and dressed in a pair of jean shorts and tank top.  The town was small enough that you could walk everywhere, so I walked to the centre of town.  The town centre was small, with a grocery store, a few clothes shops, and the odd shops that sell everything.  There was a small garage, and a small coffee shop.  There was only one restaurant, so that is where I assumed my mom when last night, there was a small pub next door to it.

I walked around the shops, not finding anything that held my attention I walked into the small coffee shop.  I didn't like coffee, but they sold hot chocolate.  The place was dark brown and white, it was modern and looked quite new.  I walked up to the counter where an old man was taking orders.

"What can I get ya?", he asked, smiling at me.

"A hot chocolate, please."

"Do you want marshmallows and cream too?", he asked, knowing too well you couldn't have hot chocolate without them.

"Yes please.", I smiled brightly at him.

"You're new here right?"

"Yep, I just moved here from New York."

"Must be a big change for you then, huh?"

I thought about it before I answered, "Not really, I move around every month or so with my moms job.  I prefer the towns like this though."

"Really?  Most kids like the big cities, with the lights and all."

I laughed, "My moms always said I was a strange one."

He laughed and said, "I'll bring it over for you when it's ready, and I'll throw in a muffin too.  I'm Bill, by the way."

"Thank you.  I'm Alysha."

I walked over to one of the tables in the corner so that I could look outside the window at the passing people.  It was already starting to feel like home and I haven't even been here a full day yet, maybe it's because I know that I'm staying longer than a month this time.  Bill came over and placed a steaming cup of hot chocolate in front of me, as promised I also had a chocolate muffin.  I smiled and said thanks before I  turned back towards the window.

Across the street was a blonde haired guy, he was with his friends, but it didn't take long for me to recognise Dan.  As if feeling me watching him, he turned around and started walking towards the shop when he noticed me.  I put my head down pretending to be interested in the cream as it floated on top of the hot chocolate.

"Hey, good looking.", Dan said, by way of greeting.

I looked up at him blankly, thinking that if I didn't recognise him he would go away.  I was dead wrong.

He pulled up a chair and sat opposite me, "It's me Dan, I gave you the pizza last night, remember?"

"Oh, yeah, um, hi.", I hoped that he would take the hint and just leave, but apparently not.

"Fancy seeing you here, it's such a small town.  Nothing like New York I bet, huh?"

"No, it's better.", smiling and I took in the differences.

He burst out laughing, "This place?  Better than New York?  Are you high?"

"Nope, just honest."

He was about to reply when his friends called him over.  He looked back at me and waved, ordered and sat with his friends on the opposite side of the room.  All of the boys were large in the shoulders, they looked like the perfect people for football, or wrestling.  The girls were slender, with curves in all the right places.  I couldn't help but be jealous of them.

I looked back out of the window, I had my sketch pad out in front of me and was looking over the drawing that I done of the lake.  I might blow it up so that it can go in the kitchen,  the lake sparkled with the sunlight and the trees around it were different shades, because of the angle the sun hit them. 

"Nick!", I heard someone shout, and turned around.  That's when I saw him, the most beautiful guy I had ever seen, he was better than Jacob Black off Twilight.  He was tall and muscular like the others on the table.  He looked like Dan, but a bit bigger and with black hair instead of blonde.

The guy, Nick, walked over to the table and sat next to Dan and a blonde girl.  She looked like a cheerleader, so it was no wonder he sat next to her.  I really needed to pee and the door for the bathroom was right next to them, I felt intimidated.  Pull yourself together, my inner voice said.  I took a deep breath and got up to walk over there, as I was passing Dan called my name.

"Hey, Alysha!"

I turned trying not to shoot him daggers, and smiled sweetly, "Yeah?"

"Whatcha doing?"

I stared at him blankly, "What does one usually do when they walk towards the bathroom?", I raised my brow at him.

His friends laughed and he just grinned, not slightly embarrassed.  My eyes were drawn to the one they called Nick, he had forest green eyes, and they twinkled as he laughed.  He had a deep laugh and it made my legs weak.  I blushed when he looked at me, it felt like he was seeing into my soul.

"You should come sit with us once you've finished with your business.", I snapped my eyes to Dan, blushing harder.

"Um, I, uh, can't, I'm busy.", I replied stuttering and quickly walked off.

When I came out of the bathroom I kept my head down as I walked passed them and I walked straight out the door.  I walked slowly on my way back home, I couldn't stop thinking of Nick, it was strange I was never usually interested in guys.  But by the looks of things he had a girlfriend, the blonde girl had hung off his arm while Dan was talking to me.

****

I woke up after a sleepless night, I kept having dreams of forest green eyes, and something hot breathing on my neck.  I decided to go into the forest again today, nothing was going to scare me off, I have been waiting years to move to a place like this.  I dressed in jeans and a tank, with my walking boots.  I put my sketch book in a bag and was out the door.  It wasn't a surprise that my mom wasn't home when I woke up, I haven't seen her since we moved here.

The forest was like it was yesterday, but the ground was damp from the rain during the night.  When I got to the lake, there was a butterfly on a near by branch, I quickly started to sketch it knowing that it wouldn't stay long.  It flew away shortly after and I walked over to the lake.  It was surrounded by dried mud and I sat down taking my boots off and dipping my feet into the water.  It was cold but it felt refreshing after my walk.

I started school tomorrow, I was excited but nervous at the same time.  Secretly I was hoping that Nick would be there tomorrow.  The forest reminded me of him, I could imagine him sitting by the lake and walking through the woods.  I heard a twig snap behind me and turned around, there standing a few feet behind me was a wolf, it was huge and black with green eyes.  I stared at it for a few moments before grabbing my sketch book and starting to draw it. 

It cocked its head to the side, like it was confused by what I was doing and wondering why I wasn't screaming.  Once I drew the outline of him I started on the background, I would add colours and the better detail when I got home.  I had never seen a wolf before, but I always wanted to, they were my favourite animal.  The black and white ones were my favourite.

I slowly slid my book towards him, so he could look, it was a crazy idea but I wanted him to see what I had done.  I just hoped he didn't rip it up.  He took a few steps forward and sniffed it before looking at it.  He stared at it for a moment before looking up at me with a wolfish grin on his face.  I smiled at him and reached out my hand, it was shaking because I didn't know what he would do.  He sniffed it and whined in confusion before putting his head under my hand.  His fur was soft and thick and I moved forward so I could kneel in front of him.  I ran my hands through his fur loving the feel of it between my fingers. 

I heard a howl from the distance and he lifted his head and listened again.  I watched him intrigued,  there was another howl and he looked at me before running in the direction of the howling.  I looked in the direction that he ran off in before putting my shoes on and heading back home.  



Chapter Four

My alarm went off at seven and I groaned as I rolled over to shut it off.  It was way too early to be up, I started falling back to sleep when my mum came in.

"Wakey, wakey sleeping beauty."

I mumbled something and rolled over onto my stomach, putting my head under the pillow.  I heard her walk over to my window and open the curtains.  The next thing I know my quilt is being ripped off me, I grabbed it just in time and pulled it back up.  Ahh the usual tug of war match that we have every morning, oh how I haven't missed this.  Mom won as she always does, then she grabbed my feet and pulled, I grabbed my head bored and held on tight.  

"Come on, Alysha, you don't want to be late for your first day of school."

"Yes I do.", I mumbled, with my head still under the pillow.

Then I thought of Nick and I jumped out of bed, startling my mom, she fell on the floor, blowing a piece of hair out of her face.  I laughed before turning towards the bathroom to shower.  After I showered and blow dried my hair, so that it fell wavy down my back, I added a little bit of make up and ran down stairs to have breakfast.  I grabbed my mom's toast and ate it while packing my bag, she rolled her eyes at me and I grinned, showing her a mouth full of food.  I took my pill swallowing it down with a glass of orange juice.

The walk to school was relaxing, but it was also suspense and was building up my nerves.  I had already wiped my sweaty palms on my jeans three times, by the time I get there I will probably have two wet patches on my jeans.  I laughed at the thought, thinking how embarrassing that would be.

The school was a small red brick building.  It looked modern and new.  As I walked towards the main office I passed the blonde girl from the coffee shop, she was stood by herself waiting for someone.  As soon as I thought that five cars pulled up and out came Dan, Nick and some of the other people from the coffee shop.  The girl strutted right up to Nick and linked her arm through his.  I rolled my eyes and kept walking towards the office.

I knew girls like that, girls that think they own a boy just because they like them.  It looked like Nick wasn't interested and he had a lot of girls trying to get his attention, but they still could be together, maybe they've had a lovers tiff.  There was no reason why he wouldn't go for a girl like her, she had long curly blonde hair and brown eyes.  She was wearing tight jeans and heels, her top was low cut and fit her perfectly.  Her looks were not going unnoticed either, the boys that surrounded her were practically drooling, all except Nick and Dan, the ones who's attention she wanted the most.

The main office was small, with a long desk.  Behind the desk sat a plump woman, with short died red hair and matching red glasses.  She smiled when she saw me and gestured for me to come over.  The walls were a boring white and were in need of some art or something to make it look less plain.

"Can I help you dear?"

"Yes, I'm Alysha.  I just moved here from New York, this is my first day."

"Oh, yes.", she said turning towards her computer and typing stuff.  The printer sounded from behind her and she turned to grab the paper.

"This is your class schedule.", she handed me the paper, "Your first class is History with Mr Melon.  You'll find that down the hall and to your left, it's the second door.  If you get lost throughout the day you can always come here or ask one of your teachers.  Have a good day dear."

"And you.", I said, walking in the direction she said before I forgot it.

I took a deep breath before opening the door, all eyes turned towards me.

"Yo Alysha!  Baby girl, you stalking me now?"

I slowly turned towards Dan saying sweetly, while batting my eyelashes, "Oh of course I am Dan, I can't stay away.", I put my hand on my heart.

He grinned and winked.  I turned towards my teacher who was shaking his head, trying to hide his smile.

"You must be Alysha Jar."

"Yep."

"Well seen as you and Mr Lock are already acquainted you may sit next to him.  We are going to start a pair project today, so you will have to work after school on it as well."

"Ok.", I said and walked over to the seat next to Dan.  I looked around and saw the blonde girl staring daggers at me, if looks could kill I would have died a hundred times over.  I didn't see Nick but hoped that he would be in my next class.

I turned towards Dan and asked what topic he picked for our project.

"Well, if I had known that I would have a partner I would have chosen a hard topic, but I didn't I picked the easiest which was World War Two."

"Right, well we might be able to finish it in a week if we work on it every day after school."

"Just can't get enough of me can you?", he said winking.

I rolled my eyes, "Would anyone be at your house if we went there?"

"You mean so we can be alone?", He asked waggling his eyebrows, "As much as I would like to say yes, my parents will be there."

"Ok good, because my mom won't be home so we can go to yours."

His face dropped and I couldn't help but laugh, "Ok yeah we can go to mine, I gotta ask first though so we won't be able to do it tonight.  You know I won't bite unless you ask, so we could go to yours."

I laughed at him and shook my head, he was just too much.  The rest of class was just researching our topic in books provided and writing notes on it.  

I didn't see Nick until lunch, I had really hoped that he would be in one of my classes.  I sat on a table, by myself, near the bins.  Although I had talked to people and tried to make friends, no one had offered to let me sit by them.

As I was opening my cheese roll a shadow fell across the table, I looked up into the most extraordinary green eyes that I had ever seen.  It was Nick, all my hopes and dreams had come true!  I dragged my eyes away from his only to stared at his lips, they were perfect and full.  I felt my own part, until I heard him clear his throat.

I blushed furiously and looked at him through my lashes.  "Hey.", I said.

"Uh, hi.  I saw you here by yourself and was wondering if I could, uh, maybe join you?"

My mouth dropped open and I looked at him and then at the table of his friends.  I raised my brow. They were all looking over in confusion, their mouths dropping open, the blonde girl staring daggers at me.

"Sure.", I said, smiling up at him.

He sat down opposite me, not looking over to his friends at all, I did wonder weather they had had an argument or something.  The silence stretched between us, he hadn't even asked my name, or told me his own.

"I'm Alysha, by the way.", I told him when the silence became too much to handle.

He looked up and me and gave me a shy smile, "I'm Nick."

Oh that smile!  I had never seen a smile that cute before, my heart fluttered and I blushed knowing that I was staring again.  It isn't your fault, my inner voice said, it's his, why if he wasn't so good looking we wouldn't have given him quite so much attention.  I didn't agree with her, after all I felt like I already knew him, like I had seen him before.

As he was opening up his own roll, the blonde girl came over, she slid onto the seat next to him, her hand sliding up his arm.

"Nicky, what are you doing over here?", She asked sweetly.

Nick gave her a dazzling smile and my heart stopped, if only he could give me one of those.  "I'm making friends with the new girl.  Alysha this is Carly, Carly this is Alysha."

"Oh how nice to meet you!", She said with fake enthusiasm, all the while starting daggers at me.

"You too.", I mumbled.  Why did she have to come over here and wreck my moment with Nick?  Who did she think she was?  Ok so we weren't having a convocation but still, I was enjoying sneaking glances at him.

"Well now that you've met, are you going to come back over?  No one likes sitting by the bin.", Carly asked Nick, laughing.

"You know, you're right.", Nick said and Carly smiled at me, "Come on Alysha, you can sit with us.  As Carls said no one likes sitting by the bin."  Carly's face dropped and I tried not to laugh.

"But...but...", She stuttered, trying to find words for why my coming over was a bad idea.

I stood up smiling sweetly at her before grabbing my stuff and following Nick over to the table, which was far away from the smelly bin.

"Alysha, you know it's called staking right?", Dan said with a huge grin.

Nick laughed and pointed to a boy with brown hair and glasses, "This is Ed, and Max."  Max was a big guy, as they all were, with curly black hair, and eyes just as dark.  Nick pointed to a girl that I saw with Carly a lot, she was petite, but had long red hair and sparkly blue eyes, "That's Jess and this here is my little sister, Maddi.", he said, putting his arm protectively around a small girl with blond hair and blue eyes.  She looked the exact opposite to Nick and if I just saw them I wouldn't think they were related.

"Hi.", I said a bit awkwardly.

Ed smiled at me, while Max and Jess scowled.  However, Maddi grabbed my arm and pulled me down next to her.  She looked way to young to be in this grade and I raised a questioning brow at Nick.

"Maddi here got moved up two grades, because she's just that smart.", he said answering my question with a proud look on his face.

"Everyone is smart to you Nick.", Maddi said laughing. I looked at Nick and he faked being wounded putting his hand on his heart and I joined in with the laughter.

Lunch went too fast and I actually found out that I liked Maddi and Ed.  Max, Jess and Carly just stared daggers at me but I didn't care.  I saw Nick glance over at me a few times and we would lock eyes, my heart would flutter before he would look away.  Nick and Maddi were just how I imagined a sibling relationship to be, they joked about each other, but you could see the love in their eyes when they looked at each other.  

I found out that I had several classes with Maddi and that we had the same taste in music and books.  I found out that she played the piano and that she loved it, I told her that I draw and she asked if she could see them.  Nick looked weird all of a sudden and you could feel the change in him in the air, everyone looked at him and he said maybe we can see the art another time.  I said that I didn't mind now but he gave me this look as he said no, it almost felt as if I was being forced to listen to him.

It was weird because part of me wanted to fight it, but another part of me was telling me to lower my head, which I did.  The rest of the table looked at Nick then quizzically, and he shook his head and shrugged.

The rest of the school day was boring, I didn't see Nick again.  I did have the rest of my classes with Maddi though, she was smart for her age, she knew all the answers to the questions that the teachers would ask us once they saw that we were talking.  As I was walking home a red BMW sports car pulled up beside me.  The window rolled down and I could see Carly in the drivers seat and that Jess was in the passenger seat.

"Stay away from Nick, understand?  He needs a real woman not some scrawny little wanna be.", Carly sneered. 

I looked at her a moment before bursting out with laughter.  If she thought Nick would want me in a million years she was clearly in another dimension.  She obviously took my laughter to be something else though.

Jess pulled a knife out of the glove compartment and put it high enough just so I could see it.  I blanched and they laughed, "Stay away from him.", she said before speeding off.

I wasn't afraid of them, I was however afraid of that knife.  I walked the rest of the way home thinking about what had happened.  However, my mind kept straying to those green eyes.  He was perfect, although I was wondering why everyone was confused at dinner.  I didn't understand why he didn't want people to see my drawings, they weren't that bad and it wasn't like he had seen them.

I got changed as soon as I went home, I wanted to go to the lake before it got dark, I missed my wolf.  I felt like I could talk to him about things and that he would somehow understand.  I knew it was a silly thing to think, but I couldn't help feeling like I could trust him.  As I was walking out I grabbed a banana, the forest was dry as there was no rain the night before.  I could hear the birds singing and closed my eyes as the breeze blew my hair behind me.

The lake was empty so I decided to sit down and wait for him.  I knew he would come, I had a gut feeling.  I decided to get on with my homework while I waited.  I pulled out my math books and started with that, I was good at math, I always had been.  I enjoyed it as well, it was back and white, you were either wrong or right, none of this in between business.  I was reading through a book on World War Two for my History project when I heard the snap of a twig. 

I turned around and there he was, my black wolf.  My breath caught, he was just so beautiful.  He padded over to me and laid down.  I reached out and ran my fingers through his fur.  I sighed and rested my head against him.  I showed him all of the sketches that I had in my book and he looked at them studying each one curiously.  I then told him about the places that I've lived in.

"... and that's how I ended up here.  Although mom says that we will stay here a while, I am trying not to get too used to it because I know that I will only be heartbroken leaving all the people I've met."

He nodded as if he understood.  I was leaning my back against his side, I loved this moment, I wish I could sketch it.  The sun was low but I didn't care, I trusted him and knew that he wouldn't let anything happen to me.  

I must have fell asleep because when I awoke it was to growling, lots of it as well.  We were surrounded by wolves of all shapes, sizes and colours.  There was one that stood out though, he was big, bigger than my wolf and black.  He must be the leader, oh what we're they called?  Oh yes, Alphas.  He must be the Alpha, and I must say he didn't look like a happy one.  My wolf stood in front of me growling at the wolves.  

I didn't know what to do, I got up slowly and the growling grew louder, my wolf turned around to see what I was doing.  That's when the Alpha attacked, he bit my wolf on the neck and pulled him down, pinning him to the ground before he could do anything.  I cried out asking them not to hurt him.  The Alpha looked at me right in the eyes and I couldn't help but lower my head, he released my wolf and came over to me.  My wolf was right at his heels and it was like they were communicating between each other, the Alpha circled me sniffing.  He growled in what I could only describe as confusion.  He then turned on my wolf as if telling him something.

He then turned and left, my wolf turned and followed him.  I stared after them, wondering what had just happened.  A light brown wolf came up to me and nudged my leg with his body, as if telling me to follow him.  I did and we ended up at my house.  He left me at the edge of the woods, my stuff was still in there but I didn't care.  I walked up to my bedroom, not bothering to eat, I knew something big had just happened, I just didn't know what.



Chapter Five

My dad was angry, I could feel it vibrating off him.  He found me in the forest, I had fallen asleep listening to the sound of Alysha's deep breathing.  She was perfect, she was his mate.  He knew it, his wolf knew it, even though he couldn't pick up her sent he knew it was her.  

"You are to be mated Nick!", his father bellowed.

As Alphas son it was his duty to mate someone of a different pack, so that we could be reunited as one.  Since I was born I was made to marry the first born daughter of Chris Norwel, the Alpha of a pack up North.  Although I knew my duty I had always wanted to find my mate and mate with her, and now that I have found her it just makes me feel worse that I have to leave her to be with another.  We rarely mated humans because we didn't like revealing our secret to them, they couldn't be trusted, if they knew about us they would lock us up and experiment or hunt us.  

I had never met the girl that I was to mate with, she was coming down in two days with her father, we were to be mated then in the summer.  We would have both finished school then and humans wouldn't ask questions.  I couldn't stop thinking about Alysha though, the way her grey eyes would twinkle when she laughed, the sound of her laugh was amazing too, like music to his ears.  His wolf growled in agreement, he wasn't happy about the arranged mating, but he couldn't argue with his Alpha. 

"I know father, but-"

"No buts Nick, you are to be mated to Chris Norwels daughter and that's final!  I forbid you to see this girl that you have been spending time with, and in wolf form Nick!  Are you trying to expose us all?", his father asked, levelling his blue eyes at him.

"I'm sorry, I'll stay away from her.", I said lowering my head, I knew what my dad was like when he was in one of these moods.

He watched his dad rake a hand through his black hair, that was starting to turn grey.  Just then his mother walked in, she had her blond hair in a bun and her green eyes turned to a look of sorrow as she saw me.

"Perhaps you could have a word with Chris, Dave?  He might understand under these circumstances, it is not every day a wolf finds his mate."  He could kiss his mum at that moment, at least someone was on his side.

"And let all of the other packs make a laughing stock out of me?  I think not, this has been arranged since before they were born, if this mating does not happen it means war.  You know that as well as I do.", his dads eyes softened as he looked at his wife.  They were a love match not an arranged mating.

I wanted to scream and cry and tear the place apart.  I was struggling to keep my wolf under control, he wanted to go to his mate and be with her.  Calm down, I told the beast trying to sooth it, everything will turn out how it's meant to be.  I just hoped that it would be Alysha that I would be mated to.



Chapter Six

Everyone seemed to be ignoring me today, it was odd.  Dan didn't turn up to History, yet I saw him in the hallways.  When I tried to corner him to ask what was wrong, he would just turn around and walk the other way.  The rest of my classes were no different, where as yesterday me and Maddi were joking around, she didn't even sit by me today.  Something had defiantly gone on.  Even when I passed Ed in the corridor he didn't smile like he had yesterday.  How could everyone change so fast?  The only person that actually smiled at me was Carly, and that was a smile that told me that she knew something that I didn't.  

At lunch I sat by myself again, on the table by the smelly bin.  I didn't know what was wrong, first my black wolf last night and now this, the only friends that I have ever had and they're gone.  I felt like crying, I just wanted to go home and wake up from this nightmare.  So that's what I decided to do, I went home.

No one was there when I got home, no surprises there.  I hadn't seen my mom in a few days.  The time I needed her the most and she isn't around, typical.  I walked to my room and turned on the T.V, I wished that I had my sketch book, I really feel like drawing.  I must have dozed off because I was woken suddenly by the door bell.  I looked at my clock and saw that it was five in the afternoon.  I walked sluggishly down the stairs and opened the door.  No one was there, I was just about to shut the door when something caught my eye.  My sketch book, bag and homework were neatly piled on the step.  I looked around and didn't see anyone.

I grabbed my things and took them to my room, I looked through my book and gasped when I noticed the sketch of my wolf wasn't there.  Someone must have ripped it out, I suddenly felt like crying, tears welled up in my eyes.  Why would someone take it?  I doubted that I would see him again, if the way he acted last night was any indication.  I went over to my window seat and sat down hugging my sketch book close to me.

"Alysha?", I heard someone shout.

I walked down stairs to see my mom holding a pizza box in one had and a bottle of coke in the other.  I smiled and my stomach rumbled as I smelt the food.  I walked over to the table and sat down while mum pulled two glasses from the cupboard.

While we ate she asked me about school and the friends that I made, I told her that I made some friends and told her about Maddi and Dan.  I asked her about work and she said it was going great and that they like her ideas.

"Alysha what's wrong?", she asked when she noticed that I had hardly ate my food.

"Nothing.", I said and walked towards the back door.

****

I heard the door open before I saw her, she walked out with a tear stained face.  My wolf whined, wanting to rush over there and comfort her.  She was so beautiful, even when she was crying.  I heard someone come up behind me and was just about to growl when I recognised Dan's sent.  He came up beside me, he knew that Alysha was my mate, he sensed it the first day in the coffee shop, or so he says.

Alysha sat down on a bench, the wind blowing back her black blue hair, the moonlight making her grey eyes sparkly.  I was just about to go over to her when a woman walked out behind her and went to sit next to her.  She was slender with brown hair and eyes, it must be her mother, they didn't look that much a like, the shaped faces were the same though.  Alysha must look more like her dad, I wondered where he was.

"Honey what's wrong?", her mom said stroking her hair.  Oh, how I would like to stroke her hair.

"Nothing, it's just this boy at school.  I can't stop thinking about him and its annoying."

Her mother laughed.  "Ah, it was the same for me when I met your father."

He picked up interest at that, and saw that Dan did as well.  When she would talk to me when I was in wolf form she never spoke of her dad, which led me to believe that he left them or that he died.

"What was he like?", Alysha whispered.

Her mother sighed.  "He was handsome, I had never seen a guy quite like him before.  He was funny charming and kind, but it just wasn't meant to be."

"What happened?", Alysha had sat up by now, as if this was a life line that she needed to hang onto before it disappeared.

"His family didn't approve of me, they wanted him to marry another girl.  In the end he would have, it was just a matter of time.  I knew that I was pregnant with you, but I was early on and he didn't notice it yet.  I made the decision easier for him by leaving.  I took the bus to San Francisco and by the time he noticed that I was gone, it was too late."

I watched as Alysha absorbed it all, she had clung to her mothers every word, and I had as well.  She was my mate and I wanted to know everything about her.

"You look like him you know.", her mother said.

Alysha stood up and said she wanted to be alone, her mother agreed and went inside.

****

She needed to be alone, all this time she thought that he dad left because of her, because he didn't love her and she finds this out.  She wondered if maybe she should ask where he is and visit, maybe he would accept her.  She had always wanted a father, but her mom had never remarried, or in fact had a boyfriend.  Her mother seemed content with just the two of them.

She walked into the forest, she needed him, she needed her wolf.  He would comfort her, he would listen to her rant about how unfair this was.  She got to the lake and there was still no sign of him.  The next thing she knew she was being tackled, she could hear the wolf snarling on top of her.  When they stopped rolling she found herself pinned under a grey wolf, she struggled trying to get up but couldn't.  The wolf stared down at her and opening its mouth to snap at her.  

She screamed and the next thing she knew the wolf had been ripped off her.  She looked over and saw her black wolf fighting, her wolf had the advantage in weight though.  I could guess that the other wolf was a female, her wolf had her pinned down in seconds.  As this was happening she didn't notice all of the other wolves from yesterday approaching.  She looked around and found that she was surrounded.  A low piercing growl filled the air, the Alpha.

He walked towards her, his teeth were bared and he looked like he was about to pounce when a scream filled the air.  I looked around for the source and found my mother running towards us.  I screamed at her to go back, but she didn't listen.

She kneeled in front of the Alpha, saying, "Please don't hurt my daughter, she didn't mean any harm.  Let us go and I will make sure that she stays away from your kind, especially your son.  Please."

She watched her mother beg, the Alpha looked confused as he had last night.  He smelt her mom and let out a growl of frustration.  Finally he let out a howl and walked away, his pack following close at his heels. She went over to her mom and helped her up.  They went home and went I tried to talk to her about it she would just walk away.  I was missing something and it was big.

****

"I told you", his father said pacing, "to stay away from her, but no Nick you can't follow one simply instruction can you?"

"Carly attacked her, I had no choice."

His father whirled on him, "I told them to, if anyone sees her in the forest they are to attack but not kill, in the hopes that she will become scared and won't go in there again."

He let out a low growl, his fathers eyes blazed.  "Is that a challenge, son?", he whispered.

"Of course not.", I said and quickly hurried from the room.

I went up to my room and heard a knock a few minuets later, I opened the door to find Dan.  He had a sly grin on his face.  I grinned and knew that he had a plan.  The girl that I was supposed to mate was coming tomorrow and he knew that he had to stop it.  

"I have a plan.", Dan said with a wicked smile.

"Thought you might.", I said grinning.



Chapter Seven 

My mom hadn't spoke to me last night, well she had, but it wasn't something I listened to.  She said that I should stay away from Nick, I mean seriously?  She was as bad as Carly, ok so she hadn't threatened me with a knife, but still.

As I walked into History I stopped when I saw that Dan was in his seat today.  I smiled at him when he looked up as I took my seat.

"Hey.  Sorry I wasn't in yesterday, I wasn't feeling too good.", he said with a sheepish smile.

"It's ok.  I was worried though, it seemed like I had gone from a tone of friends to none yesterday.", I said with a laugh.  Maybe I had just been too paranoid.

We were quiet until class ended, we had a quiz.  It wasn't hard but I really wished that he would have told us, I hate surprises.

"I spoke to my folks, they're cool with you coming round tonight to work on the project."

"Oh great!"  Finally hopefully we can finish it now, I thought.

"Yeah I'll take you there straight after school if that's alright?"

"Yeah, fine.", I said and walked off to my next class.

I still sat by myself at lunch but today wasn't as bad as yesterday.  Maddi talked to me during my classes with her, she looked a little nervous which was strange but I was happy that I had someone to talk to.  I waited for Dan by his Range Rover after the last bell rang.  

As we drove to his house in comfortable silence I looked out the window.  He lived right in the middle of the forest, he said that there was a road that led to his house and the little community if houses there.  He said that I shouldn't walk slow and that I should go straight to his house.  I found this weird, but Dan was at times, he reminded me of an older brother.  I've always wanted one but it's too late now.

His house was brown and blended in well with the trees, I would have missed the turning if I didn't know where to look.  The houses were all the same, they were big and looked homey.  I sighed, this is the type of place that I wanted to live, I had always been drawn to the forest, ever since I was a little kid.  I hated the big cities that we lived in, I always felt as if they were closing in on me.

Dan opened the door, the inside walls were a deep red and it looked like most of the house was, accept the kitchen was a dark green.  The house was pretty dark and I wondered if his parents were Goth.  We went into the living room and there was a picture on the wall of what I could only describe as death.  They were defiantly Goth.

I pulled the war book that I found out of my bag, we were almost done with the project and only had to write our conclusion.  Was the war a good thing or a bad thing?  Of course it was a bad thing because so many people died and there was no reason for it, but on the other hand it was a good thing because otherwise Hitler wouldn't have been stopped.  History had always been my favourite subject and I didn't mind learning about the things again.  I had already done a report on the war so I used most of that.

It only took about two hours to finish it and print it off with pictures.  Dan suggested that we go to the main house.  He said that they were all close, practically family here, and that they all eat in the same house.  It was odd I must admit but I followed him anyway.

This house was bigger than the rest, it was still a dark brown but looked like it could room about twelve people and still have spare beds.  When Dan opened the door, all I could see were stairs leading up and rooms on both sides, I could smell food in the air and hear laughter from the room on the left.  Dan walked over to the door and pushed it open.

"Hi guys, thought I'd ya know, bring a friend.", he stepped to the side so I could walk in.

I gasped, sat at the table was Nick and Maddi.  At the head of the table was a man older than Nick and slightly smaller in build.  He had black hair that was turning grey at the sides and bright blue eyes.  A small women facing opposite him turned around, she had blonde hair and forest green eyes.  These must be their parents.  Sat next to Nick was a beautiful red head, with grey eyes.  Opposite her and sat next to Maddi was a man, he had black blue hair and grey eyes, my jaw dropped.  For this was the man that I had been waiting all my life to meet, this was him, my father.  He looked at me curiously, noticing our similarities.

"Holy-", Dan said.

"But-", Nick said.

"It can't be.", the man, my father said.

I felt tears come to my eyes, I knew this was him, I felt it.  He must have too for he stood up and came over to me.  And then he sniffed me.  He sniffed me like a dog would.  Who sniffs someone? What a strange man.  

"Why don't you have a sent?", he asked.

I stared at him blankly.  Why don't you have a sent?  What sort of question was that?  I had just met my father and he greets me with that?  I had fantasised about his for years, meeting him and how we would laugh and cry together and he would swing me around saying how much he loved me.  But instead I get this.

"What do you mean?", I asked generally confused.

"She's human.", Nicks' dad said.

"Well obviously not, she is my daughter.  I just don't remember making her."

I was obviously human, what else would I be?  This night was just getting weirder and weirder.  Were they not human?  What could they be?  Maybe they were those weird people that had watched Twilight and thought that they were vampires or something.  I couldn’t imagine Nick sparkling like Edward, his olive skin wouldn’t look the same and a ghost white person like Edward.

I blushed and said quickly, "My mom ran away when she was pregnant with me, before you could find out.  She said your parents disapproved and that you had to marry someone else."

"Lilly?  Is that your mothers name?", he asked.  He looked like he was going to cry.

"Yes.", I said smiling at him.

He cupped my face in his hand, brushing away the tears that I didn't know I had released. 

"How old are you, child?"

"Alysha, my names Alysha.  I'm sixteen."

He let a long breath out, he turned around and started pacing.  I still couldn't believe that I had found him, ok so he wasn't what I was expecting but he was my father none the less.

"April", he said gesturing to the red haired girl, "is my other daughter.  Your half sister."

We both said hi to each other and went back to staring at our dad.

"I wasn't going to mate with her you know.", he said turning, "It was your mother that I loved, if she had stayed I would have mated with her, one way or another."

"Mated?", I asked, confused.  Only animals mated and I knew he wasn't an animal.

"Oh yes, you do not know do you?  Your mother has hidden it very well, I now know why she wanted those pills.  You're a werewolf Alysha, just like everyone else in this room."

I stared at him for a moment before I burst out laughing.  He raised a brow at me, this only seemed to make me laugh harder.  A werewolf?  He was funny, werewolves weren't real, but even as I was thinking it I knew deep down that they were.  I knew that Nicks dad was the Alpha, and that Nick was my black wolf.

"I think someone's been watching too much Twilight and Vampire Diaries.", I said laughing at the thought of them sat watching the DVD's.

They all stared at me with frowns on their faces.  I knew they were serious then, they were werewolves.  I looked from one person to the other and I could match them up to the wolves in the forest, it helped that their hair and fur colours were similar.  I knew that the wolf that had walked me back to the house the other night was Dan, he was a brown wolf.

Tears were streaming down my face and I didn't realise I was in his arms before I heard Nick trying to sooth me.  "Hush.", he whispered in my ear over and over again. 

"You take pills every day, don't you?", her father asked once she had stopped crying.

I pulled back and blushed at the mascara stains on Nicks white shirt.  "Oops, sorry.", I said to him before turning towards my father.  "Yes I do, how do you know?"

"Because your mother asked me for the name of the pills that will block out your wolf before she left.  Since you didn't know that you were a wolf, my best guess is that you've been taking them."

"Oh.  So what now?", I asked looking around at the shocked faces.

"Now you must stop taking those damn pills, but hide them so that your mother thinks that you've been taking them.  Once you've had your first change, we will then go and have a chat to your mother together.", he said with a wink, knowing my mom would freak out.

"So she will be mated to Nick?  She is your first born after all", Dan said.

My father laughed, "By the look of how they are acting already, I'm thinking that Nick never wanted the mating between him and April, so yes, he and Alysha will mate."

Nick laughed and picked me up swinging me around before kissing me.  His lips were soft and I opened my mouth with a gasp when he run his tongue against my lips.  The world disappeared, all I could sense was his lips touching mine.  His outdoors sent was wrapping itself around me.  I wrapped my arms around his neck, my wolf, my mate, mine.  We heard someone clear their throat and I pulled back blushing and hiding my face in his top.  I heard Dan laugh, then the door burst open.

I turned to look at the short boy in the doorway, he was blonde with blue eyes.  He looked angry and nervous all at the same time.  I was amused by him, as I saw that everyone else was.  

He walked right up to my father and said, "April can't mate with him, sir.  I love your daughter and would be honoured if you would..."

He stopped as my fathers laugh grew louder.  "You can have her Carl, I have found my other daughter so you two can mate because Alysha is older, by three months." 

Carl looked at me in Nick's arms and then went over to April and kissed her gently.  I laughed and leaned into Nick as he wrapped his arms around my waist, I had a feeling that this was how it was meant to be.  It made me smile to see everyone happy and laughing. 

My happiness only lasted so long however, because at that moment Carly walked into the room.  She looked at me in Nick's arms and scowled, she then looked at my father and smiled.

"What's going on?", she asked sweetly.

"Well, we've found out that Alysha is Chris's first born and therefore she will be mated to Nick in the summer.", Nick's dad replied.

"How exciting!  I know how much they like each other.", she said with fake enthusiasm.

"Yeah, I'm the luckiest guy around.", Nick said pulling me closer and looking down into my eyes.

"You better be getting back before your mother thinks something has happened to you.", dad said to me.

Dan had to drive me home so that my mum wouldn't suspect anything.  I missed Nick already, it was weird knowing that in a couple of months we will be married, or mated as they call it.  I knew I loved him though, from the moment I laid eyes on him I knew.  My dad said that the effect of the pill should go in a couple of days and that my wolf will be trying to break through, he also said that it would probably be painful because I hadn't changed before.  I was nervous and excited at the same time, I had always known that a part of me was missing and I'm hoping when I've got my wolf that I will fill the gap.



Chapter Eight

It's been two days since I first met my dad and found out that I'm a werewolf, I stopped taking my pills and I could feel changes in myself.  My hearing was better and my sense of smell, literally I could smell food from five miles away.  If I thought that Nick smelt good before my senses kicked in, he smelt incredible now.  He always smelt like the forest and to me he smelt like home too.

I had been spending a lot of time at Nick's, getting to know the pack and him better.  When I wasn’t with him I was with Maddi.  She was teaching me about the packs history and about how her great, great, great, great grandfather came to settle at Tree Tops.  It was interesting, until her mom would come and collect me for my daily Alpha Female training.  Now that was something that I found boring, I had to learn how to cook, clean and how to settle the pack when they had disagreements that could turn into a fight.  

So far I had managed to burn sixteen meals, managed to turn clothes the wrong colour twelve times.  That was something you should have seen, defiantly when Nick's dad came down one day with a pink shirt on.  I laughed so hard I had tears rolling down my face, when he gave me a chilling look it just made me laugh even harder.

I did however, have to stop a fight the other day, Nick's mom doesn’t like people smashing her things.  Anyway, they were two of the older males in the pack and they were arguing over sport, typical men, I had to stand in the middle of them and tried to calm them.  I ended up just losing it and punching them both in the stomach, I had a satisfied grin on my face when they both went down giving me evils, that was until I turned to face the door and Nick's mom was there staring at me with amusement.  

Nick would walk with me through the woods, sometimes in wolf form and others in human.  They think that if I am around changed wolves enough that I will change quicker and that my wolf will recognise her pack.  I can tell you for a fact that she recognises Nick, she would always whine when he wasn’t with me and then yip happily when he was.  Although I could sense her and hear her sometimes I couldn’t change yet, she wanted to come out I could feel it, but something was blocking the change. 

The full moon was in two days and everyone was hoping that I would change then, so that I could run with the rest of the pack.  It was amazing how accepting they were of me, I had always wanted a large family and now I had one.  Maddi was like a sister and a friend, and Dan and Ed were like brothers to me.  The only people that didn’t actually like me in the pack were Carly, Jess and Max, no surprises there.  I knew why Carly hated me, she would always be jealous of what me and Nick shared, she wanted to be his mate.  I thought that she just wanted the power that you get with being an Alpha Female.  Nick didn’t seem to notice her affection and when she flirted with him, when I told him about it he laughed.

"I have never noticed before, are you sure you're not getting confused with the respect that she has for me?  Maybe she's just trying to please me because she knows that one day I will be Alpha?", he said.

"I don’t know Nick, I feel like she wants to be your mate.", I said biting my lip and looking at him through my lashes.

We were sat by our lake, we had a picnic and had a little fire going.  I loved being here under the stars with him.  He took my chin in his hand and kissed me softly.

"You are mine.  I am yours", he said seriously.  "I have been waiting my whole life for you and I thought I would never get to be with you when I finally found you.  I only have eyes for you Alysha, I want.  No, I need you to believe that.  You're my world now, nothing's going to change that."

I could feel tears coming to my eyes, I had been doing that a lot lately, I don’t know what's wrong with me.  I never cried before I came here, I was always emotionless, but that was the only downside I could find of moving here.  I loved Nick, I hadn't told him, whenever I went to the words wouldn’t come out, but I knew he understood.  We didn’t know each other well, that’s why we have been going on a date every night.

"I know, I feel the same way about you.", I said.

He kissed me again, his lips were always so soft.  I opened my mouth to allow his tongue access.  I could get used to this, it made me wonder why I didn’t have a boyfriend before, but then it wouldn’t be the same and I was happy that my first kiss had been with Nick.  I always felt a spark when our lips or hands touched, it sent shivers up my spine.

"Right, lets get you home before your mom sends a search team.", he winked at me and got up holding his hand out for me.

My mom still didn’t know about me and Nick.  I couldn’t tell her because she would try to keep us apart and I didn’t want that.  She knew that Nick was a werewolf and that’s why they couldn’t meet, whenever we would meet up it would have to be at his house or in the forest.  If we were out at the coffee shop we had to keep our distance and act like we weren't together, it was the same in school too.
 
I hated it, hated lying to my mom, we used to be close but then again I guess she hasn’t exactly been honest with me.  I still felt guilty thought, she had a good reason for hiding this from me and I wanted to find out what that was.  When we were on the outside of the forest by my house Nick kissed me and phased into a big black wolf.  I ran my fingers through his fur, I was always shocked by how soft it was.  My wolf whimpered trying to get out, but it was still too early and she couldn’t, she wanted to run with her mate.  Nick rubbed up against me and when I bent down he licked me on the face, leaving a trail of slobber behind him.

"Ewww Nick!  You're gross!", I screeched laughing all the while.

He gave me a wolfish grin, lolling his tongue out on the side.  I laughed at him.  He yipped and ran off into the forest, that’s when I heard a howl, my wolf wanted to throw its head back and howl with the pack.  I walked into the house feeling depressed.  I couldn’t wait to turn and run with them, my pack, my family, my mate.   My mom wasn’t home when I walked in, I haven't seen her since she saved me that night in the forest from the pack.  From what my father has told me, she wouldn’t want me becoming a wolf.  My wolf growled whenever I thought about what my mum had done to me.

I woke in the middle of the night covered in sweat, my body temperature rising.  A pain went through my body and I rolled over stifling the scream in my pillow.  Forest, I had to get to the forest.  I climbed out of bed making sure to be quiet as I passed my moms room, so I didn’t wake her.  When I opened the door the wind immediately hit my face, drying the sweat on my forehead.  I walked into the forest, the pain just seemed to be getting worse, when I got to the lake I screamed knowing that no one could hear me.

It felt like my whole body was on fire, I needed release, to change but I couldn’t.  I doubled over in pain and cried out, it was worse than what I imagined giving birth would be like.  I fell to the floor curling in on myself trying to ease the pain coursing through my body.  I needed Nick here with me, he would know what to do and even if he didn’t he would still try and comfort me.  He would try to ease her pain even if it was impossible.  My wolf howled clawing to get out, I pushed her back knowing I wasn’t ready for the change, this just seemed to make her try harder.

The pain subsided and I whimpered hoping that she would stop with this torture.  I felt dirty, covered in dry sweat but I couldn’t move.  I had no energy to even get up never mind go into the house and have a shower.  Although the pain had stopped I knew that my wolf was up to something, she was quiet, like she was plotting something.  I was just dozing off when it happened, it felt like I was being ripped into a million pieces. 

I could see the air around me shimmering, changing.  The colours were becoming brighter, I could see the bark of the trees in detail.  The pain stopped and I knew that I had changed, I was a wolf.  My wolf yipped and pranced around getting used to her feet, I knew that if she was human she would be poking her tongue out at me now.  I ran over to the trees and back, taking charge of my wolf before she done something else that was stupid.

Nick and my father would be so excited when I told them tomorrow that I had changed, I would be told off because they told me to wait but I didn’t really have a choice in the matter.  My wolf laughed at that thought, I loved my wolf, she made me feel complete even if she was a pain sometimes.  I walked over to a tree and sniffed it, the smells were amazing, I could tell that recently a squirrel had climbed this tree.  I walked over to the lake, to the spot where me and Nick had sat earlier and I could smell him.  My wolf howled searching for her mate, I couldn’t stop her from throwing her head out and calling for him.

There was no reply and she whimpered but I soothed her by saying that he was asleep and would join us tomorrow.  She agreed with this and turned to run into the woods, towards the main house.  The trees blurred passed us as we ran towards our mate, I don’t know what she was thinking of doing, howling until he opened the window?  I always dreamed that it would be a man outside my window in the middle of the night, not the other way round.

Before we got to the house my wolf reared off into a different direction, she could smell something, food.  She crouched down behind a bush before pouncing on the poor rabbit. To be honest, I did feel sorry for him but I knew that it was the way of the wolf and that it was just like me eating a burger.  This would defiantly take some getting used to, after she had devoured the rabbit she was back to the task of looking for her mate.

Once we were at the house Nick's sent was stronger, she sniffed around the house until she was frustrated enough and just threw her head back howling, obviously giving up the search of finding his bedroom.  

****

My wolf awoke me and I looked around the room startled.  He was whimpering and trying to break free, he had to get to his mate.  I pushed him back wondering what had gotten him in such a bad mood.  Then I heard it, the howl of a wolf calling its mate, my wolf wanted to howl in response.  Alysha had changed?  I sat up quickly in bed pulling on my jeans and a shirt.  I walked outside in search of my mate, she was no where to be seen. 

I went back to my room thinking that my wolf must have been mistaken.  I was just drifting back off to sleep when I heard the howl again, closer this time.  In fact it was so close I wouldn’t be surprised if the whole house woke up, it sounded like she was right outside.  I walked to my bedroom door, thankful that I didn’t take my clothes off before I got back into bed.

I was right, as I walked out of my door my father and mother were coming down the hall.  My dad was angry, he never liked being woken up from his beauty sleep.  Chris and Dan were coming down another hall and Maddi peaked out from her room, which was across from mine.

"What in the devil is going on?", my dad bellowed, taking the stairs two at a time. 

I was right on his heels as he opened the door.  There stood a beautiful white wolf, howling at the house, calling for her mate.  Seeing her made my wolf respond and he nearly changed before I pushed him back down.  Alysha was as beautiful in wolf form as she was in human form.  She was slender and snow white, her grey eyes standing out making her look like a snow princess

Everyone stood staring at her and she yipped bounding over to me and tackling me to the ground.  I laughed and smoothed her, her fur was thick and soft.  She licked me on the face before bouncing to the side with her tail wagging, she wanted me to turn so we could play, she was so cute.  

"Well aren't you a beauty?", Chris said coming up to get a better look at his daughter.

Alysha wagged her tail and yipped, her wolf clearly enjoying the compliment.  

Chris chuckled and my father said, "Well this is a surprise, I thought we were waiting until the full moon?"  He raised a brow at the wolf.  "But never the less, it was worth losing beauty sleep over."

Everyone laughed at this and Alysha gave a wolfish chuckle.  She came up to me and nipped me playfully on my heels and I reached out to smooth her.  I turned to my dad and he nodded before I phased to join her.  Black and white, we were perfect together.

****

Nick phased into a black wolf and my wolf yipped.  He yipped back before rubbing up against me and then running off.  I followed him running into the woods, I wasn’t as fast as him, but I did try to keep up.  I looked away my eyes following a rabbit that I saw hopping about, when I turned back to see where Nick was he was gone.  I looked around panicked thinking that maybe I had missed a turning, as I was about to go back sniffing all the way he jumped out, tackling me to the ground and rolling over until he was on top.  

I tried to push him off me but he wouldn’t budge, he grinned down at me before racing off again.  Two could play this game, I ran for a bit and then hid behind a bush.  After a while he must have noticed that I wasn’t following him because he turned back, as I was about to pounce he turned and raised a brow at me.  I was busted.

He pounced once again pinning me to the ground, he rubbed his face against mine and then got off.  I ran in front of him and he nipped on the back of my heels playfully.  I loved this, running with my mate through the forest, the stars twinkling above us.  It was perfect.  We ran until we got to our lake, we then walked over to the water and each took a drink.  

Nick phased back and my wolf got confused.  "Alysha, you have to push her back or imagine rains around her neck or a leash and pull her back.  I think she has had enough for one day, she can come back out tomorrow when I show you both how to hunt.", he said crouching down to look into my eyes.

My wolf whimpered not wanted to change, but I done what Nick suggested and imagined a leash around her neck and pulled.  I felt the air shimmer around me, I thought of my clothes because Maddi had warned me that if you didn’t think them back you would end up naked.  I knew when I was back in human form because the colours and details had died down and gone back to normal.

"Well that was fun.", I said smiling shyly at Nick.

He grinned, pulling me into his arms.  "Your wolf is so beautiful.  She's white, like snow.  You remind me of a snow princess."

I blushed and buried my head into his neck, inhaling his sent.  He smelt of the forest and home, it was funny how I considered his house home more than my own.  I was there most of the time now though, so maybe that was why?  

"I'm sorry I didn’t wait until the full moon, it's just that I woke up and the pain was too much.  Then it stopped and the next think I know, I'm in wolf form.", I said needing to explain it to him.

"I know, the first change always happens unexpectedly.  Hell, I first changed when I was in the bath, can you imagine the look on my mothers face when she came into the bathroom and it was torn apart from where I had tried to get out.  After my run with the pack I had to phase back naked as well because I didn’t have clothes on when I changed.  It was so embarrassing!"

I pulled back to look at him, he was blushing.  Nick was blushing!  Nick never blushed!  I couldn’t help it though, I laughed, I could imagine the exact way his mother would have looked.  She always liked the house neat and tidy, I could only imagine the damage that he must have done.

Nick chuckled and smoothed my hair back away from my face.  I looked into his green eyes and could see the love in them, I couldn’t hold it back any longer.

"I love you, Nick.", I said quietly, looking up at him through my lashes.

He grinned picking me up and spinning me around.  I giggled and when he put me down he kissed me.  His hands we in my hair, running through it, he always told me never to cut my hair because it was his favourite thing about me.  I wrapped my arms around his neck opening my mouth so he could have deeper access.  He pulled back and I whimpered, I hated when he done that.

"I love you too.", he said, green eyes twinkling.



Chapter Nine

The school day went fast, I couldn’t wait for tonight because Nick promised me that he would take me hunting.  My wolf was excited, but she didn’t like that we only saw him at lunch and in the hallway.  She wanted to be near him all the time, I told her to stop being so obsessive or he would leave us.  She answered by turning around and sticking her tail up at me.  

After school I stood by Dan's car waiting for him, that was the arrangement.  I had to ride to the main house with Dan so that if we passed my mom she wouldn’t ask questions, she didn’t know that our History project was done and that we had handed it in a couple of days ago, so she thought we were working on that.  It upset me that she wasn’t around anymore, I wanted her to share this experience with me and I hoped that when she found out she would be happy for me.

My dad was staying in town until after the full moon, which is the day that we planned to tell her that I had changed.  Apparently wolves could be on edge on the final days leading up to the full moon, we had to control our wolves a lot more.  I could already tell that the pack was on edge, there had been more fights to stop than usual.

When we got to the house I hopped out of the car and handed my things to Dan, he took them and walked into the house saying that he hoped a rabbit bit my tail.  I laughed and shook my head, I knew that Dan had had a crush on me when I had first moved to this town.  It was upsetting that I couldn’t see him that way, but I was more than happy with Nick.

I stood staring at the forest when Nick came over and wrapped his arms around my waist, hugging me from behind.  I nuzzled him and then we walked into the forest hand in hand.  We both phased and my wolf was ready to get down to business.  Nick showed me with patience how to hunt, I had already scared off three rabbits and five deer.  

When I finally mastered the art of hunting I didn’t want to stop, I liked showing off in front of my mate.  He knew what I was doing of course and let me, always rubbing up against me when I had done good, my wolf would yip with pride.  Once I had finished the deer Nick came over to me and licked the blood off my snout and I did the same with him.  Wolves in the pack had a telepathic link when they were in wolf form, but because I hadn't yet had my welcome ceremony, I didn’t have that link so if me and Nick wanted to talk we had to do it in human form. 

Mated pairs had a special link between them though, it was called a blood bond.  Maddi had told me that the only way to break one was by death, only mates that were in love done it, or Alpha's firstborns that were forced to mate.  I wondered if one day me and Nick would have something like that, he had never asked me, he hadn't even told me about it, his sister did.

Nick phased and said, "Listen, I have to go back, there have been hunters on our land and Sasha has been shot.  I want you to go back to the main house where I know you'll be safe."

I whined, not just because a pack mate had been shot but because I didn’t want him to put himself in danger.  I knew that he had to go though and I nodded my head and rubbed up against him before leaving and running towards the pack house.  I never did get there.

****

I watched as Alysha ran off, I wanted to go with her to make sure that she was safe but I had to go and see the place where Sasha had been shot.  I wanted to disobey, but it was Alpha's orders and you could never go back on those.  I phased back into wolf form and ran off into the North side of our land. 

I could smell the gun powder before I had even arrived, everyone was in human form so I phased.  On the ground was a patch of blood and my wolf whined hoping that Sasha was ok.

"What happened?", I asked looking at my father.

"Sasha was out on a run, when she didn’t return after two hours her mate started to get worried.  He couldn’t feel anything through the bond because she was blocking him out so that he couldn’t feel her pain.  He came straight to me and we all went to search for her, she was shot in the leg, nothing serious but we still have to keep an eye out.  We're trying to pick up the hunters sent but we can't find anything.", his father said.

"She'll live?"

"Yes, if we didn’t find her when we did though I doubt she would have.  She lost a lot of blood and when she wakes up again I am going to have a word with her about blocking out her mate."

I walked around trying to pick up a sent, I could smell perfume and lot of it.  Someone was trying to mask their sent, when I mentioned this to my father he already knew.

"Makes me wonder if we are dealing with one of our own kind, or if we are dealing with someone that knows about us.", his father had a worried expression on his face, this wasn’t good.

****

Back in the house I went in search for Alysha.  She wasn't in the living room or in the kitchen.  I went upstairs to see if she was in my room, she wasn’t.  My wolf whined, he knew that something was wrong, Alysha would have listened to him and would have came straight here.  She would have done this just because she was nosey and would have wanted the details about what was happening.

I walked into the kitchen and asked my mom if she had seen her.

"No honey, she hasn’t been here all day.", she replied.

I started to get a worried feeling in the pit of my stomach, I knew something was wrong but I didn’t know what.

"Nick?  What's wrong?", my mom asked.  She must have seen my expression, which was on of dread.

"Alysha was on her way here when I told her that Sasha was shot.  I told her to wait here until I came back, but she's not here.  I have a bad feeling mum."

"Maybe she has gone back home?"

"Maybe.", I muttered.

I walked out and phased, deciding that I would go over to her house and see if she was there.  The lights were off at her house, it was dark already and the temperature had dropped, winter was upon us.  I phased and went into the house, Alysha always kept the back door unlocked just in case she needed to come in late in the night.  I looked around and found no one, she had a nice house but I knew that she didn’t like being here.  She liked the activity and liveliness that she had with being in my house.

I phased into wolf form and headed back to the house.  I would tell Chris what has happened and we would go from there, his wolf didn’t agree with this, he wanted to tear the town down searching for his mate.



Chapter Ten 

I woke up, my head was killing me.  I tried lifting a hand up to my head but couldn’t, I looked down and realised that my hands were tied behind me, I was tied to a tree.  I tried to remember what had happened, shot, someone was shot and something about hunters.  Oh no!  What if the hunters had gotten me?  I heard  a familiar laugh and  right then and knew that I was not captured by the hunters.

"Oh looky here.", Carly said.  "Sleeping ugly is awake."

I growled letting my wolf side come out.  "What do you want?"

She laughed and came closer to me, she smelt strongly of perfume.  I turned my head to the side trying to breathe, I realised that we were on a cliff.  I remember Nick telling me that on the far side of the pack's land there's a cliff, he always said that it was too dangerous to go to, I wanted to come here to draw.  I could see now why he said that its dangerous, the winds were strong and there wasn't much space from the trees to the edge of the cliff.

"Why, silly, I'm going to kill you.", she said.  "I did warn you did I not? I told you to stay away from Nick and what do you go and do?  You become his mate."  She spat the last word like it was dirty.

I laughed at how pathetic she was, she didn’t like this though.  She back handed me, I tasted blood in my mouth as I turned my face to look at her.  My cheek was burning and I felt tears spring to my eyes.  

I heard a deep laugh and saw Max come up behind her.  "I want a go!", he said.  He looked like he wanted to jump up and down like a kid on Christmas.  It was sick, they both were.

"Go ahead.", Carly said gesturing over to me.

He punched me, I think most people would call it a right hook, and it would have been good in a boxing ring and if I want the opponent.  I swear, he could have knocked out teeth if he had aimed higher, instead I felt my jaw slacken, I was pretty sure that it was broken.  But he didn’t stop there, he bent down and slammed his fist into my stomach, it knocked the wind out of me and for a moment I couldn't breathe.  Then just for good measure, as he put it, he punched me in the eye, I could already feel it swelling up.  I could only imagine how I looked.

I didn’t cry out however, because I knew that’s exactly what they wanted.  They wanted to hear my pain and they wanted me to beg to be let go.  I knew that Nick would come for me though and I held onto that hope, it was just the timing that I needed to worry about.

"Nick will come for me.", I told them.

Max laughed.  "I can take him."

"He won't get to you in time anyway", Carly said, "you'll be dead long before then.  I will then be the one to comfort him when he finds you dead at the bottom of the cliff, and then I will mate him and become Alpha female."

So that’s what this is about, I thought.  She doesn’t love Nick, she just wants the power that comes with mating him.  Nick would never fall for it though.  You don’t know that though, my inner voice said.  What a time for it to come back!  I watched as Carly took hold of a knife and walked over to me.  I sent out a pray asking for God to take care of Nick when I was gone, to give him the love and happiness that he deserves.  

She walked over to me and put the knife to my throat, just then there was a snarl and a black wolf flew towards her, Carly screamed and was pinned under the wolf.  I watched as he looked into her face and dragged his claws down the front of her body, digging them in as deep as they would go.  Blood splattered everywhere and I knew that in a few moments she would be dead, nothing could stop the blood from flowing out of her.

"Watch out!", I screamed.

It was too late however, the black wolf didn’t see the grey one sneaking up on him before he was pushed so hard that he stumbled and fell over the side of the cliff.  I screamed out calling Nick's name, thinking that he was the one who saved me.  

****

I heard Alysha scream my name and put on a burst of speed.  When I got back to the house we wasted no time and went out searching for her.  My father called all of the wolves that were in the pack house at the time and we left to search for her.  I couldn’t think about where she would go, or who would want to hurt her.

I could feel Alysha's mind slightly, it was strange because she wasn’t part of the pack yet, so I shouldn’t have been able to.  I was being drawn into her, the next thing I knew I was looking out through her eyes.  I knew exactly where they were, they were at the cliff.  I watched as Carly and Max hit her, I could feel the pain that she felt and my wolf whined.  My anger grew and I knew that I wanted to be the one that tore them limb from limb.  No one hurt my mate and got away with it.  No one!

I returned to my own head and told the pack members where they were and what was happening.  I whined when I sent the image to them of what I had seen.  My dad and Chris growled and ran faster, my dad was the fastest runner in the pack so soon he was out of sight to us.  I wanted to be the one that got there first but I knew that he was the only chance she had of being saved.  I could already feel that something was going to happen soon.  I could see the image of a knife in Alysha's mind.

****

Wolves burst through the trees and I noticed Nick straight away, he took in the scene and then was on Max.  There were snarls and growls as they fought.  I couldn’t take my eye off them, yes I did say eye, I could only see through the one because the other was swollen shut.  Thanks to Max. 

I heard a whimper and knew that Nick had been hurt but then he was on top of the brown wolf and digging his teeth into his throat.  Max's head flopped to the side as blood squirted over Nick's snout.  He dropped the wolf and came over to me, nuzzling my neck.  He phased and took the knife that Carly dropped and cut the roped that held me to the tree.

He pulled me into his lap.  "Where's my dad?", he asked just as a scream was let out.

I turned to watch helplessly as Nick's mom looked over the cliff at her dead mate.  She cried out again and I felt tears stream down my face.  I knew now that it wasn't Nick that saved me, it was his dad.  I watched my dad phase and go over to her to keep her from falling off the edge.  She beat against his chest before breaking down in his arms.

"I'm sorry Nick.  So, so sorry.  I tried to warn him but it was too late.  He saved me."  I chocked up.  "I…I …thought it was you.", I stuttered around the lump in my throat.

Nick looked down at me as tears slid down his face.  He cupped my face kissing me before ripping some of his top and wrapping it around my neck.  I didn’t realise that it was bleeding before I reached up and my hand was covered in blood when I pulled it away.

"It's fine.", he said, but it clearly wasn’t.  "He knew what he was doing.  I'm just glad that you're alive."  He got up pulling me with him and then picking me up.

I watched as everyone phased and howled out of respect for their dead Alpha.  I wanted to do it as well, after all he did save my life but I was too injured.  They then circled around Nick and bowed their heads in submission.  I felt him straighten his back and stand tall, showing that he was accepting their submission, their acceptance of him as Alpha.  I watched as Nick's mum done the same and I knew that I would do anything I could to help her stay on her feet.



Chapter Eleven

It has been a week since I was taken, a week since Nick's dad was killed and a week since my first change.  After Carly was killed Jess told everyone that Carly was also the hunter and that she shot Sasha so that she would be able to get me alone.  She also said that Max was her true mate and that he would have done anything for her and she took advantage of that, she also blocked out her feelings for him because she thought that he wasn’t worthy of her love.

Nick's mom went to stay with her old pack for a while to see her sister, she couldn’t look at me still and it made me sad to think that I was partly the cause of her sorrow.  Nick told me that I wasn’t but I didn’t believe him.  My half sister had gone back to her pack with Carl the day that I had turned but my father was staying so that he could be there when I told my mum that I was a wolf.  

Maddi and Nick were coping without their father, Nick was always busy however with Alpha things so I didn’t see him as much as I wanted to.  Me and Maddi took over cooking duty and I found out that she knew exactly what she was doing.  Nick had stayed by my side constantly when I went to the pack hospital for a few days after.  He was glad that I was ok but I knew he would morn his father when no one was around.

I took him to the lake as soon as I could get out of the hospital and I told him that it was ok to cry in front of her.  He then burst out crying and I held him while he did, trying to do everything in my power to comfort him.  At the funeral he said that his dad was a hero and that he saved his mate.  He also said that he hoped to be just as good an Alpha and to carry on his legacy.  I was so proud of him and we went to his grave all the days after, he would talk to his father telling him about his day and I would watch him and be there for him afterwards. 

My father said that he would carry out the mating ceremony for us because you needed an Alpha to do it.  I was glad that he would be there, but I wanted my mom to be there as well, that’s why we were sat in the living room waiting for my mom to come home.

When I heard the door unlock I held my breath waiting for my mom to round the corner.  When she did, she froze looking between me and my dad.

"What are you doing here?", she asked looking at my dad.

"Well I was here with my daughter April, she was meant to mate with Nick.  However, on the first night there I met Alysha here.  Guess what she told me?", he asked.

"I have no idea.", she said looking at me.

"I told him that he was my father, then I told him the story that you told me.", I said smiling sheepishly at her.

"So guess who will be the new Alpha female of the pack here?", my dad said.

My moms eyes widened.  "No.", she breathed taking a step back and putting her hand to her mouth.

"It's what I want.", I told her.

"But... but... how... you’ve changed?", she asked, as realisation dawned on her.

"Yes.  Dad told me about the pills and I stopped taking them, I was already in love with Nick though."  I told her about what had happened over the passed couple of weeks and she sat down, shock on her face all the way through it.

"Oh my little girl!", she said coming and hugging me when I told her about what had happened last week.

I reassured her that I was fine and told her than no matter what I would mate Nick and that I wanted her to be there.

"Of course I will, honey.", she said wiping tears from her eyes.

I felt like my parents needed to have a little chat so I walked out of the room, happy that I wasn’t lying to anyone anymore.  I was excited for my mating ceremony, I had picked out a lilac dress, it was beautiful and came to my knees with straps that crossed at my back.  I knew that I would keep my hair down during it and I had been given a butterfly comb from Nick's mom before she left.  I had hoped that she would be back by then, but she said that she wasn’t sure.

I listened to the conversation between my parents pressed to my bedroom floor.

"…would have mated you if you had stayed.  After you left I mated with Sally, we had April and then she died three years later.  I had hoped that you would have came back for me.  I still love you Lilly, even if you don’t feel the same.", I heard my dad say.

"I love you too, Chris.  I never thought that you wanted me, I thought your parents hated me and that they would do everything in their power to keep us apart."

"They couldn’t force me to do anything.  It wasn’t my duty to mate with her, it was Jake's.", my dad said.

Jake was my uncle, my dad told me when he was telling me about his pack and his life.  Jake was meant to mate with Sally, but he ran away with his mate two months before he was meant to be mated to her.  This made my dad the next target, it was why he was the Alpha now as well, Jake was older but he ran so my father had to step up in his place.

I put my ear back down to the floor and heard my dad say, "Come back with me?  We can get mated like we always wanted and you can take your rightful place by my side."

"I can't just leave Alysha, Chris."

"Sure you can, she will be mated to Nick in a week and I've met the boy and I trust him to keep her safe and out of trouble."

I opened my door, I couldn’t let my mum do this, she had always done her best for me and the least I could do was allow her this little piece of happiness.

"Go!", I shouted and could hear their laughter.

I walked downstairs with a grin on my face.  "You know you want to.", I sang.

"Yeah, ok, I'll go.", her mom said.

My dad picked her up swinging her around and then kissing her.

"Ewww!  That's gross!  You could at least wait until I was out of the room.", I said wrinkling my nose in mock disgust, trying to hide my smile.



Epilogue 

It's been two years since I got mated to Nick.  Two perfect years.  The ceremony was amazing thanks to my mom, she took charge of everything and Nick's mom helped her when she came back days before, I can still remember it all as if it were yesterday.  Nick and Maddi were happy to see their mom, they kept her in a sandwich of children for most of the day, much to their amusement.  She seemed happier and was glad for the distraction of the mating.

I still remember that day, the pack surrounding us and waiting patiently, I knew they were really looking forward to the food though.  Dan had picked me up in a bear hug before the ceremony telling me that Nick was a lucky guy and that he hoped his mate was just like me.  My dad had walked up the stairs then saying I looked beautiful.

Both of our moms had tears in their eyes when we completed it by kissing.  Afterwards I danced with Nick, who was a really good dancer and even made me look good, my dad on the other hand was a very bad dancer.  We kept standing on each others feet, which my mom found amusing, we could hear her laughing by the refreshments table.  We had looked at each other and then both turned poking our tongues out at her.

Everyone had laughed at that, I couldn’t help but smile at the memory.  I was lucky that Nick's mom didn’t want me anywhere near the cleaning stuff or her kitchen, so I didn’t have to do the work that an Alpha female had to yet.  I knew one day that I would have to but luckily she wasn’t ready to leave us yet.  She joked that I would kill them all with my cooking before the day was over.

I walked over to Nick's office and walked in without knocking.  He was on the phone, but I didn’t care, I walked over and curled up on his lap listening to his voice vibrate in his chest.  He laid his hand on my slightly rounded stomach and hissed the top of my head before resuming his phone call.   I had never been this happy before, knowing that I had my mate and that my mom had hers was something that could make a girl happy.  My mom had moved to my dads after my mating ceremony and I knew that they would be happy together, we were planning a visit down next month for April and Carl's mating ceremony.

Nick finished on the phone and looked down cupping my chin in his hand and tilting my head up.  He leaned down and kissed me softly and I sighed and nuzzled his neck where my bite mark was.  This was how life was meant to be, it was meant to be this perfect.

"Mine."  I whispered, my lips inches away from his.

"Mine."  He repeated before pressing his lips to mine.



Book Two 
Coming Soon



Forget Me Not
Chapter One

I loved running, it was my favourite part of being a wolf.  I ran every day, mostly at night though, I enjoyed the beauty that the night brought to the forest.  I only hated one thing and unfortunately that thing was today.  It was my birthday, and I hated it.  I don't mind the presents, don't get me wrong, it's the attention that comes with it.  I'm the type of girl that likes being invisible and left alone, I love to just curl up with a book in front of the fire.  It doesn't happen much though, what with the pack coming in and out all of the time.  

Sometimes I just wish that I could be mated to someone so that I could have my own house.  I didn't actually want to be mated to anyone, unless I was in love with that someone.  It probably won't happen though, my brother will soon mate me off, just as he was going to be before he met Alysha.  They've been mated for two years now and are as happy as can be, it can make you feel sick being around them for too long.  Nick was over protective with her at the moment because she was in the final month of pregnancy.  

I was happy for them, I really was, but when I needed Nick the most he wasn't there for me.  No one was.  My mum had gone back to her old pack so that she could heal with them, she came back for Nick's mating ceremony and then left straight after, she didn't even talk to me.  I haven't seen her since, she hasn't even wanted to speak to me on the phone when she rings Nick.  I was left to morn my father by myself, people got over his death quickly, but I haven't.  I will never get over it.

I had gotten up early to avoid everyone, the pack knows how much I hate birthdays, but they still insist on throwing me a party every year.  Their selfish really, it's just an excuse for them to get drunk and to party.  They don't think about the effect it has on me, last years birthday was the hardest.  It was my first birthday without my dad, Alysha's dad had turned up and I felt as if she was rubbing it in my face.  After all it's her fault he's dead.  

This year I was sixteen, the year that most females get mated at.  Nick has been giving me pitiful looks lately and I knew that he was up to something that I wouldn't like.  It's not that I don't want to be mated, I do, it's just that I feel too young.  I just want to morn and try and enjoy life at the moment, not picking out a white dress.  Who am I kidding, I'm afraid.  I'm afraid to be mated, I'm afraid to fall in love, I'm afraid of the whole thought.  Hell, I haven't even kissed a boy, never mind actually being in a relationship with one.  

I ran to the edge of the cliff where my father died, they climbed down and got his body to burry, but I still felt closer to him here.  I would sit here for hours and talk to him, telling him how much I miss him and telling him what's happening with the pack.  I sat on the grass near the edge, the breeze blew my light brown hair out of my face. 

"Hi dad.  Another birthday without you, more fake smiles to hand out.  I wish you were here to see me, you promised that I'd have a car."  Tears streamed down my face slowly.  "Nick has something planned and I know that I won't like it, I have a feeling that I will be mated off soon.  I won't be able to talk to you then though, so I won't do it."

I closed my eyes and listened to my surroundings.  How could a place that has seen so much death be so peaceful?  I wiped the tears from my face and opened my eyes again, the sun was just starting to rise, it was so beautiful.  

"Nothing has been the same since you left, I don't feel part of the pack anymore.  It's like Alysha has taken my place, mum will talk to her and she isn't even her daughter.  It's like I'm invisible, I like it sometimes but I need them dad.  I need my pack and they aren't there for me!"  I could feel my anger rising, it always did when I thought about how I'd been treated.  "I wish I had died that night too." I whispered.

I got up and slowly looked down to the place where my dad fell, I knew it wasn't my time to leave, but I wanted too.  Just one more little step and I would be down at the bottom of the cliff.  I sighed and walked away from the edge.  

"I should probably go and face the music.  How's my fake smile?"  I asked.  I smiled, but even to me it felt as through I was just bearing my teeth.  

I phased back into my wolf form, I was light brown, it was boring but beggars can't be choosers.  I ran the path that was familiar to me, I could probably do it in my sleep.  I was lost in thought and that's why I didn't hear the hunter pull the trigger, or the sound of the twigs and leaves crunching under his boots, until it was too late.

I felt the bullet go into my back leg and I let out a howl of pain.  I heard him get ready to shoot again, but this time I knew it was coming and moved behind a tree, dodging the bullet as it flew by. My back leg was burning with the pain from being hit, I knew that I couldn't heel without removing the bullet, but I couldn't phase until I had dealt with the hunter.  The first rule about being a werewolf was to never, ever tell a human what we really were.

I ran and could hear him trying to run behind me while reloading the gun.  It was his first and last mistake, I circled back and he was too busy trying to catch up to me that he didn't see the attack coming.  I jumped on his back, knowing it was safer than going for his side where he could twist the gun and let out a shot.  My claws dug into his back and he screamed in pain, I dragged my claws through his back and he cried out.  I knew that I should stop but I couldn't, I needed this.

I needed someone to feel pain, like I have been for the past two years.  I leaned down and opened my mouth so that his neck was in my mouth, I then bit down drawing blood.  He was still alive however, but his life was fading quickly.  The blood was flowing into his throat and drowning him, he tried gasping for oxygen but it just filled his lungs with his blood faster.  Once he took his last breath I started walking back to the house.

It was a painful walk because of the uneven ground, but when I got to the main house I knew that I would have preferred if he had hit his target and got my heart instead.  I opened the door and limped in.  I shouldn't have phased back because it just made the injury worse, but if I hadn't no one would have found me.  Dan was just coming down the stairs as I was closing the door.

"Happy Birthday, princess!"  He said.  

I hated him calling me princess, but he's called me it since birth and in a way I was a wolf princess and my brother was the king.  I grunted in response.  He did a double take then and rushed over to me.

"What the hell happened to you?"  He demanded, looking at my leg.

He picked me up and carried me into the dining room, setting me on a chair, he called for Nick to get the doctor.  We had our own special doctor because we heal faster than normal humans and we couldn't risk getting exposed.

"Hunters."  I replied, shrugging as if it was no big deal.

Nick came into the room then with Alysha trailing behind him.  She was wearing a dress and you could clearly see the massive bump that the baby had given her, she still managed to look beautiful though.  They both stopped and I could see their faces transform from shock to worry, in a matter of seconds. 

"What the hell happened?"  Nick asked, anger radiating off him.

"Damn hunters, again."  Dan replied before I could.

"Wait, what do you mean again?  This has happened before?"  I asked confused.

Nick, Alysha and Dan all looked at one another, as if deciding on letting her in on a secret or not.  This was ridiculous, I had a right to know, I was pack and it had effected me.  I should know what I'm up against.  

Finally Nick sighed.  "It's nothing to worry about, we've just been having trouble.  We found some traps the other day and we could smell that humans had been on the property."

I was about to ask him to tell me more about it, because I could tell he was hiding something, but the doctor walked in.  Doctor Nelson, was considered tall for a wolf, the females were mostly short but she was a tall lanky woman.  She had a straight nose and would look over the rim of her glasses at you with her hawk like eyes.  She had greying hair and had a no nonsense attitude. 

"What do we have here?"  She asked while kneeling down and inspecting my leg.  She turned to the men.  "Will you please give us a moment so that I can clean the wound?"

They looked at each other, none of them really wanted to leave but with grumbles they left the room.  The doctor then told me to take off my jeans so she could have a clearer view of the wound.  I complied and she used a medical tool to remove the bullet, she then used a damp towel to clean it, before wrapping it up in a bandaid.  I wouldn't need it in an hour because I would be healed and back to normal.  She left and I went up to my room to rest.
