Alien Princess


by ipam




Smashwords Edition Copyright 2014 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.





Present-day. Year 2108. 6,427 days of my birth. Milky Way Galaxy. Earth. Starbuck Plantation. house. purple sky. green clouds. green sun. 102°F. Morning. “Another gray hair…,” muttering softly, looking at my freckled-face in the lengthwise bedroom mirror.

I stand soldierly with both arms at my side in my clean white tank top T-shirt. I nicely exhibit a set of nice lean biceps from lifting too many squared bales of green hay for the horses paired with my faded skinny blue jeans, which are shredded into sideways ribbons at both kneecaps from scooting on the white gravel, playing with the cute dang six-week old Labrador-able puppies.
I examine my favorite pink and white rattlesnake leather cowgirl boots. I caught (well, shot) with the twelve-gauge shotgun in the woodlands (well, back porch) that day as It was searching for water. I was sun bathing naked in that water hole, too. I giggle in piccolo music. I sigh with excitement.
Rock and roll music blasts from the built-in corner speakers, echoing throughout my house as I cross my biceps over a tank top, tilt my skull to the right, and wink my eyelash, left, watching my new reflection inside the mirror. I ponder, if this sexy girly pose would capture me a husband, giggling in trombone music, then upright soldierly and present fish lips, ugly. I sigh with doubt.
I park my hands on my waist, bend a right kneecap forward, and pout my lips, cute-like, while twisting my jaw line to the left, and winking a right eyelash. I wonder, if this different pretty thing position would grab me a boyfriend. I giggle in flute music then upright soldierly and present duck lips, ugly. I sigh with-not-sure.
I swing my body around, showing off my bee_hind in the viewing mirror, and wiggle both legs back and forth that don’t shake nothing, but my black and gray peppered waist-length hair side to side. The hair sways against my naked arms. I ponder, if this beauty strut would get me a date, giggling in clarinet. I smile and blow a silly kiss at the mirror as the rock and roll music terminates abruptly. I sigh with intrigue.
I body twist and face the mirror in a soldierly stance, tucking a gray strand behind my left ear, donning a white baseball cap, cleverly covering a new single growth. I hear a faint noise and body spin to the archway of my bedroom, seeing nothing. It’s a silver-tinted sphere with whisker-like sensory thrusters, tracking accurately any thing inside my house. I patiently wait for…1 second….2 seconds.
The floating Communications Globe swiftly darts around the lavender-painted wall corner, blinking with a flashy series of red lights.
I command vocally. “Open.”
“Starra, now come…come…now,” a male voice of nervousness shouts as the lid of the metal panel smoothly guides up. The screen emits an older man, dark skin tone with heavy silver threads in natural black hair.
“I’m coming. End transmission….,” commanding to both the man and machine as the smooth panel shuts and locks in place inside the Communication Globe. I gracefully prance my body towards the front entrance door of my house, while commanding a new order at the hovering globe, trailing behind me like a puppy dog. “Security on!”
The computerized satellite system clicks to the “ready” position, indicating the color of yellow. Yellow represents the sky and field surveillance system secure when it automatically locks my house front door.
I slowly waddle in my cowgirl boots forward to my cute bike transport, and suddenly stop. I lift my freckled-face into a bright yellow sunlight, beaming down from an ever-changing funky colored skyline around Planet Earth. The funky skyline is created by the swirls of radiated air and toxic poisons, hovering foreverly above my pretty head.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I breathe deeply filling my strong healthy lungs with a new supply of fresh plant-created oxygen, then release the used air, relaxing my body. I let my hundred-percent worries plus hundred-percent concerns disappear.
The little voice inside my head echoes. Everything is fine, darling.

Past Earth History. Year 2105. My Grandma Starbuck lifted her face towards the bright sun, smiling, “Everything is fine, darling.” She always told me that a little voice inside her head represented the conscience, the gut feeling, and the intuition of her Soul. The technique was one of her most important lessons for remaining calm and rational in any critical situation working perfectly for Grandma Starbuck while instructing a five year old eager student, me.

Present Earth. I haven’t come to any real conclusion about my inner voice between my ears, since I do believe that facts dictate my actions, not some silly words ringing between my diamond-stud earrings…(gifts from Grandma). But, I do practice Grandma’s breathing technique morning, afternoon, and night, especially, during a serious crisis while allowing my little voice to sorta control my jumbled-up deep teen heart-felt emotions. I sigh with amusement.
My eyelashes are closed. And, my cheekbones burn, I mentally visualize a black pregnant cow is trapped between a twisted barbed wire as my plantation overseer supports the cow’s silky head and calmly soothes her mental distress. Then, I trip over some dang rock in the middle of the grassy lawn with my right cowgirl boot, shifting lots of hair into my eyelashes.
I catch my stupid self from bursting a right nostril into blood. Then, I stand tall and still, purging the bright vivid image of both the cow and her newborn calf, who stand mooing along a broken fence post.
I quickly remind my sub-conscious mind, that cows have been birthing baby calves, since the dawn of time, without any human interference. I sigh with forever.
I quickly jump upon my solar bike activating the console screen as the satellite communication program reflects a batch of color-coded dots and overlays the viewing area of 6,178 acres of land. Green, red, yellow, blue, and orange specks designate, not in this order, cows, horses, people, dogs, and some hidden wildlife animals. I type with my right index finger a single word command into the bike’s computer console.
The area enlarges pinpointing the cow’s emergency Communications Globe’s homing beacon, then I strike with the same right index finger an automatic button for the shortest path through the northwest corner of the farm dome. I cringe visually both lips and shoulders, reading the computer’s pre-calculated navigational course. I sigh with sadness.
I swiftly manually re-program with ten finger pads the guiding system by traversing the longest route to Ming and the cow, since the bike’s computer has me flying over the Starbuck Cemetery as the last leg of my final destination. Grandma Starbuck has been dead for 3-years, 5-months, 22-days, 8-hours, 6-minutes, and 14-seconds. I’m not counting the days, just very good at math. Since, numbers add quickly inside my pretty head. I sigh with loneliness.
I still feel a deep heartache of loss when I fly over the family cemetery. I sigh with existence.
 Both my parents were killed in an accident flying their solar car to the hospital which was located at the Hunts-Bama Biosphere. My mother was declared brain dead at the accident point, while her limp body was kept alive on a mechanical respiratory ventilator as the farm’s veterinarian performed a cesarean delivering cutie me. Thus, Grandma Starbuck became instantly my mother, father, sister, brother, uncle, aunt, nephew, niece…(breathe)…first, second, and third cousins…all rolled into my one only living blood relative on Planet Earth.

Present day. I lean comfortably into a cushioned headrest, wrapping the thick web netting like a pair of Grandma’s warm arms around my body, wiggling my bee_hind in the single leather seat. I jerk both cowgirls boot soles onto the metal dual handle bars fitting nicely into my tiny cocoon.
I yell at the stupid computer. “Country.” The song from Planet Earth in the year 2018 plays a fiddle and guitar instrumental Country-song as the music scatters my ear wax inside both eardrums. Then, I yell at the bike’s computer and command, since I am an ‘earth’ princess. But, I giggle, first, then say, “Twenty-two MPH.” The computerized guiding console displays both speed and distance, while it fixes the speedometer at 22 miles-per-hour as the side jet thrusters ignite, lifting me into the air like an ‘earth’ princess, minus the horses, ensuring a smooth quiet ride. I sigh with luxury.
The animal location is in the northwestern part of my plantation, measured at the 6,174-acre landmark. That is six-square miles of air travel, since I do not allow the machines to fly more than 22 miles-per-hour around the Farm Ecosphere for fear of deadly destruction to the income crops or startling the livestock racing then dying into the Dome’s solar protective hot shielding. I sigh with duty.
I love my plantation and appreciate the combination of technology and nature, but running a farm doesn’t leave much time for fun daydreaming. So, I enjoy the short time period of peace and quiet, allowing a set of warm beams of yellow sunlight, reflecting off the crystal clear Dome’s roof on my face and naked arms, while freckling more tan freckles on my dark skin. And, I still marvel at the technological creation of Biospheres for both human and animal life forms, surviving the continuous colorful radiation clouds, and deadly invisible poisons on Planet Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy. I sigh with survival.

Past Earth History. Year 2028. Biospheres or Domes came into existence around the year 2028 as tons of greedy Earthlings continued to spray high doses of toxin carbon dioxides, deadly poisons, and burning toxins into the delicate air currents drifting up and hovered into Planet Earth’s stratosphere. The deadly procedure melted away the precious Ozone layer second by second, minute by minute, hour by hour, day by day, and year by year until the first sign of a deteriorating atmosphere felt and fell.
The country of Australia became the first victim of Planet Earth’s global warming. The land blazed into a red fiery inferno by a deadly wave of red and yellow fire traveling along at hurricane-type wind currents high over all the green wooded mountains and down into the sandy brown fertile valleys. The fire inferno destroyed everything in its flaming path, including people, livestock, wild animals, plant vegetation, crop soil, huge mountains, low valleys, and populated cities.

Present-day. I pop open my eyelashes, seeing the trouble. “Slow five MPH.” The bike pings the rear thrusters into a low pacing speed as I see Thunderfoot. My black stallion is leading a herd of mares 207-yards ahead in my bike path around the hilly green pasture, showing off his harem to the other stud horses. I giggle in soprano music. I sigh with amusement.
“What a personality?” I shake long bangs into my eyeballs, scratching it from my pretty face with five finger pads, then yell to the stupid computer. “Reset prefixed speed. Pop song.” I lean my back muscles into the worn smooth leather, listening to a new selection of soft music with a couple of angelic voices, flowing lovely with the piano notes.

Past Earth History. Year 2028. The white South Polar burns into a huge pile of gray dull ashes from a heavy down pour of radiated red and yellow raindrops during the Ozone Layer Collapse in the year 2028. The North Polar, once upon a time of delicate white caps, quickly froze into big nasty chunks of brown ice from a lack of sunlight and heat. These prettily man-made phenomena caused Planet Earth to shrink by 43-percent in 6-months, 18-days, 20-hours, 41-minutes, and two-seconds.
The surviving landscapes (governments) of viable soil (people) formed a new alliance with each former Nation desperately trying to save the humans, animals, and vegetation. The “old” United States of America Government evolved into the “new” United North American Government, excluding the former Canada which was located in the northern part of the North American continent.
Canada was a gigantic chuck of floating brown frozen ice along with their dead people, who had ignored their Government’s warning sign of death-danger. The animals and people froze to death inside their Canadian homes, instead of migrating to a warmer climate in one of the many cities located in the southern part of the former USA.
So, the best and the brightest men and women scientists were commissioned by a newly formed United Earth Government to construct and enclose humans, animals, plants, vegetation, and other minor species into many, many clear solar-enhanced sun-absorbing super-structures called Biospheres or Domes, a shorten term.
 
Present-day. The super-structures are categorized into three divisions. One division represents the restricted Military Biospheres. The second division is the privately owned Farm Ecospheres. The last division consists of Biospheres, residential housing for the rest of the alive and breathing population on Planet Earth.
So, for example, the Military Biospheres are strategically placed for protection of the residential Domes into four different directional regions composing north, south, east and west within the United North American continent. The Military Biospheres are controlled by the United North American Government, being restricted, guarded, and top secret. These domes are composed of highly trained and mean staff members along with lots of big solar equipment, bigger solar vehicles, and the biggest solar weapons.
I have never seen a Military Biosphere up close and personal, since I have only viewed it on my personal Communication Globe. I see Military-people yell at the starving angry hungry folks during a couple of televised official news broadcast sessions by the United Earth Government. Because, it’s illegal to view an actual geographical site of any Military Biosphere, which is a stupid secret that doesn’t bother me, since farmers aren’t a high top secret priority subject matter for the United North American Government. I sigh with relief.
An Ecosphere is a farm with livestock, plants, wild life, and the most important commodity crops for food. The half-spherical roof dome is clear and invisible, mostly to the human eye. My home Starbuck Plantation is called a “Farm” Ecosphere. My ranch is officially and technically named “Farm-North Bama” by the United North American Government.
A Farm Dome harvests crops and raises livestock, then these farm products are shipped to one many designated distribution markets within a geographical region, city and state. Each Farm is strategically placed north, south, east, and west. The Ecosphere is self-sustaining with production of its own meat, diary, chickens, vegetables, field crops, and farm livestock, growing 365-days, 24-hours, 60-minutes, and 60-seconds-per-year.
Within the United North American Government, the Farm Ecospheres, the Military Biospheres, and the Residential Domes are all labeled, using a former United States of America “city” paired with a former United States of America “state.” Hunts-Bama is the closest City-State Biosphere to my farm, Starbuck Plantation. This particular superstructure houses and employs people, who research different and useful scientific technological methods that reinforce and improve the clear half-onion-shaped glass materials making a dome. Each residential Dome contains vertical or horizontal Towers identified as houses, churches, schools, hospitals, merchandise plazas, and entertainment bazaars.
The sophisticated satellite system monitors all the man-made super-structures, every second, and minute within a 24-hour solar day, seven days per week for visual cracks, invisible leaks, and annoying disruptions from any type of small cracked fragment that exposes ultraviolet radiation into a Dome or teardrop pellets of acid rain that accidentally drains into a delicate Biosphere of life. One tiny crack in a Dome permanently can cause both, disaster and death to humans, animals, and plants.
Since, the Stratosphere Collapse of 2028, the sun light intensity has increased by 35-percent, meaning Planet Earth has gained 9-minutes and 28-seconds of extra sun light, and heat, every year. That new percentage has increased to 56, last year in 2077, straining a Dome’s home-made super-structure material base along with depleting the very, very limited natural resources on Planet Earth. When the Ozone Layer burst opened in the year 2028, the bright sunshine made one single Earth day hot, long, and intense, even through a clear special-plated glass Dome.
The extra rays are very dangerous to Earthlings, but the added sunlight has proved to be a benefit for mankind with the creative development of solar sun powered machines, vehicles, and homes for the surviving Earth folks. In turn, a new natural resource is being used by Earthlings to survive their homemade environment of deadly toxins and poisons on Planet Earth.
Currently, a solar sun house is equipped with a set of mechanical engines, capturing the exposed heat and sunlight, converting the heat into energy. This energy is called “solar sun power” provided by the mechanic engines. A daily zap of solar sun power runs the water supply system, pumps air and heat into the vent condition, and operates the kitchen appliances, the communication globes, and other minor computer systems for a family household.
I live and work with solar sun power using all types of mechanic equipment on my Farm, making my life efficient and effective, growing healthy crops and animals, since I don’t know of any other way of living and surviving on Starbuck Plantation. Ming and his older clan members happily enjoy teasing their young kids with tall tales of the “old” Earth ways, before the solar state-of-the-art equipment inside clear super glass Domes.
I enjoy hearing the stories about the “old” Farm Plantation from the year 1865, during the historical period that detailed when the United States of America fought in the great Civil War between the North and South regions of the continent North American. Great, great, great, great Grandfather Starbuck emigrated from a foreign country called England then purchased pasture and crop land from the United States of American Government. He started planting crop seeds in the year 1865.
Two hundred plus years later, Starbuck Plantation successfully produces cotton, corn, potatoes, soybeans, and wheat from the fertile red clay soil, while the fresh water ponds stock catfish, bass, and trout. The dairy cows supply milk for butter and cheese, and the farm livestock include cows, pigs, horses, dogs, and cats, while the outlaying forest shelters an assortment of wild life such as birds, small rodents, coyotes, and deer.
I have inherited the Farm from my Grandmother, calling her, “Grandma Starbuck.” And, I had discovered the secretly hidden historical information by snooping around the old family files and records. There was a farming accident with one of the hovering solar equipment crop plows which dropped and crashed my biological Grandfather, instantly. Grandma Starbuck never shared that the tragic incident with me or anyone else, but my friend Maritza did. Maritza told me that Grandma was very upset, shocked, depressed, distressed, and ordered the changing of her married last name, back to her maiden name “Starbuck.” Grandma Starbuck, also, modified all the legal and financial documents, listing her maiden name in titles, deeds, books, letters, certificates, papers, and word-of-mouth.
This is the reason that I have always called her name “Grandma Starbuck,” not “Grandma Something Else.” Miss Starbuck modified her son’s last name back to Starbuck, also. Therefore, my last name is still carrying on the Starbuck title. Strange but true!
I mentally ponder her decision as very sad and very unique for a widower, and to this day, I don’t know her true “married” name. Not one person on Starbuck Plantation is allowed to speak her married last name. So, I have stopped asking, inquiring, and researching for the name reference, since I don’t like visiting the grave sites.
I sneak-snaked around finding my grandfather’s physical tombstone in the old grave yard, but the plain old gray stone’s was etched with John, referencing my grandfather’s first name. I learn that Grandma Starbuck was a strong, determined, and independent woman, who controlled everything on Starbuck Plantation and ruled the estate house and plantation land, alone with her newborn son, Adam and her long time friend and plantation overseer, Ming.
I am Starra Starbuck, who is the current United North American Government Ecosphere Administrator for Starbuck Plantation located in the Hunts-Bama district, once known to old natives as the State of Alabama in the United States of America on the North America continent. I’m five feet, and one-inch tall or as some folks say…short. I weigh in at ninety-five pounds, and two ounces, possessing waist-length black wavy hair sprinkled with long strands of dull silver gray. I have a triangle face with a set of small gray eyes, a small pointy nose, two high cheekbones, and a small mouth with a cliff chin all covered in a golden skin tone, decorated with dark tan freckles. I sigh with beauty.
I remark softly, not disturbing the sensitive computer brain. “My jumbled history lesson’s over for today.” The bike slowly cruises its pre-programmed destination, quickly fading the musical tune of the Pop music, lowering the machine onto the dirt like a royal ‘earth’ princess inside her magical chariot. I sigh with royalty.

cow pasture. 6,174-arce mark. 12:01pm. 112°F. afternoon. gray clouds. blue sun. yellow sky. The visual picture at the cow pasture fence post is exactly like my day dream inside my mental mind, standing in cowgirl boots at my house. I giggle. So, I guess that makes me a mythical Tele-being, who can predict future events both mysteriously and misty. I giggle in soft piano. I stand soldierly with two biceps folded over my T-shirt at the solar bike handle bars. I sigh with surprise.
The black cow’s expanded girth is trapped among the second and third twisting rows of the barbed wire along the fence post. Someone has cut the wire for the animal, since she slowly flips flat to the ground, while laboring heavily. At twelve in afternoon, among the bright yellow sunrays, the cow finally delivers a healthy baby calf, while Mama cow crawls on her knees out from the fence, standing by a hungry calf. Mama cow moos loudly in affection to her newborn. I sigh with delight.
“Life is amazing,” Ming smiles while we watch the newborn try to walk, cute-like to its Mama.
I smile at the newborn. “Everything is fine, darling.” I patiently watch the cow and calf along with the whispering farm hands for the mother and babe to leave the pasture, before making the repairs on the broken fence post. I sigh with happiness.

dirt road. golden sky. pink clouds. red sun. 12:14pm. 120°F. afternoon. I inspect stinky chicken coops, smelly horse stalls, and pretty clean…if ya don’t inhale the odor of dog pee and kitty dookie of animal clinics on the northwest side of my farm with an occasional social word or two with a farm human for the rest of afternoon.
Everyone has a task to perform on the Ecosphere, contributing to their welfare and protection of a man-made Dome, since Starbuck Plantation provides residential living homes for both a single or married household, along with a set of cool solar bikes, and loving affectionate pets. The Starbuck homes are systematically and directionally built in north, south, east, and west positions, which provide security, protection, and care for all the animals (to eat) and maturing crops (to eat). The animal number totals 2,199-cows, 334-horses, 255-pigs, 132-chickens, 72-roosters, 28-dogs, 23-cats, 15-puppies, and 13-kittens along with an assortment of wildlife living among in the green woods, and sparking clear water streams.
Ming and his wife, Maritza require all farm youths to be tested at the age of four years for intelligence, aptitude, aptness, and attitude determining a suitable farm position appropriate for his or her personality. The farm positions vary from an assortment of crop planters, tractor drivers, vehicle mechanics, school teachers, animal veterinarians, computer programmers, people babysitters to home housekeepers. Each family is paid money and food for their talents, since the Earth word “work” is not used for my non-blood family members.
Children of three years old attend the Farm School learning to read, write, language skills, math problems, and science experiments. Five years old kids have the fun and easy jobs, petting and grooming the baby kittens and puppies born on the farm.
Starbuck Plantation holds a government issued license for field cultivation and animal breeding, in addition, the farm is allowed to raise kittens and puppies, selling them to prospective clients, who live and work in the local residential Biospheres as home pets.
As more and more geographical continents along with the foreign countries perished under the atmosphere’s Ozone deterioration, people fled from their homes to strange cities then to rural towns, seeking shelter, foraging for food, and leaving behind their household pets to suffer starvation and die, cruelly. Under the new United Earth Government law, a few select Ecospheres are empowered with a special license to control and monitor the breeding of adult dogs and cats. So the total number of these beautiful domesticated pets on Planet Earth is very, very limited.
Each baby animal is recorded in a satellite computer database each month at the specific Farm along with a cat or dog application that requires a certification letter directly from the United Earth Government before an individual can own a pet. There’s a shortage of food for the existing alive and breathing 8,612,387 people on Planet Earth in the year 2078, much less feeding and housing loose stray and hungry dogs and cats.
I’m required to sell at least two kittens or puppies to keep my United Earth Government License current, but I always feel sad, when a baby animal leaves for a new home. German Shepherds and Golden Retrievers are the only puppy breeds at my Farm, since these canines make the best ranch dogs for rounding up a cattle herd or finding a lost calf in the middle of thousands of acres of crop fields, woods, and forests.
Life isn’t always work on Starbuck Plantation, since there is fun and enjoyment, also. Every Saturday morning, Ming flies the agricultural employees to the Hunts-Bama Biosphere, while the crops are delivered to the Distribution Center and livestock to the Slaughter House via the solar train. Since, the sun raises at four in the morning and sets at ten in the evening with an early sunrise and sunset providing 20-hours, 11-minutes, and 32-seconds of more heat and light.

Past Earth History. Year 2030. The scientific engineers designed and perfected the concept of a solar car traveling inside an enclosed wind channel or tunnel. Then, the new technology expanded into a set of large solar buses, and long solar trains, containing multiple compartments for both, human and non-human passengers.
The Ecosphere, the Biosphere, and the Domes consisted of a substance called “super glass.” The super glass was a composite of silicon dioxide and sand, visually similar to regular glass. There were some additional properties of translucent color covering the Dome, making for invisibility along with a very light weight product for building long high Domes for the surviving Earthlings.
The super glass in solid form easily endured and permanently survived against a hostile radiated poisonous oxygen-deprived outside environment on Planet Earth. The glass Dome, also, repelled the daily bombardment of high intensity funky colored ultraviolet rays from the Milky Way Galaxy’s sun. After each biosphere had been successfully tested and built, then transportation became a second problem for Earthlings in the year 2028.
Biospheres were located thousands of miles apart within each City-State, making the old style airports and airplanes useful, at first. As more layers of the Stratosphere burnt and dropped a little to a lot of teardrop-shaped yellow acid rain along with the physical chucks of purple radiated outer space debris, the conventional mode of transportation became too deadly and dangerous for both man and beast.
A new carrier system was created and called, a wind tunnel.

Present-day. The wind tunnels are constructed at a Dome’s entry point, since one Biosphere has numerous entry ports, represented by a single directional tunnel of north, south, east, and west. The Starbuck Plantation Ecosphere wind channel travels in one direction, south into the Hunts-Bama Biosphere. The wind channels are hollow, wide, and empty of debris, so solar vehicles can fly up to 525 miles-per-hour inside the invisible air currents, covered with black tinted glass.
The wind tunnel theory is based on a solar mechanic pump theory that gathers and stores a daylight heat into a set of massive steel mechanic power converters. The converters blow hot air through a channel in a one directional mode to each Dome as a bed of invisible air motion carries a solar vehicle to the final destination. The City-State Domes are equipped with many solar buses and solar trains, transporting people to and from the job facilities and shopping plazas. Traveling a wind tunnel is restricted to Farm or Military solar vehicles, since humans usually live their entire life of birth to death in only one Biosphere.
Servicing a Farm Ecosphere requires a satellite security network system, many types of solar hovering vehicles, and numerous floating Communication Globes, very expensive gifts from the United North American Government to me. This makes my job easy, since I provide land, animals, and personnel, snorting like a dead wild boar. I sigh with duty.
The weekly farm duty ends on Saturday morning with the delivery of the food and livestock at the City-State Biosphere named Hunts-Bama, then the fun time begins. The farm personnel shop the merchandise plazas, visit the fun carnivals, and play in the entertainment bazaars as one person stays behind. That’s me. I soldierly guard the Ecosphere for any unexpected emergencies, for the historical Planet Earth record the number of emergencies is…none.
Sunday is a day of rest as stated in The Holy Bible for both the farm and the farm people, when Grandma Starbuck started that tradition. I continue it. In the early evening, I invite the Ming clan, including wife, children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren, brothers, sisters, uncles, aunts, nephews, nieces, and cousins with their spouses to my house for dinner and dancing.
Ming’s children take turns preparing and cooking food, since I don’t cook, only eat…a lot…all the time…for a growing teen….on the open pitted fire grills. Every man, woman, and child eats their plate-sized great big helpings of steak, chicken, catfish, hamburgers, fresh vegetables, fresh fruit, fresh baked breads, and desserts, while the older folks talk old and ancient story tales about the land and its people, during suppertime. I find life on Starbuck Plantation is pleasurable, predictable, and plentiful.
Some of the other financial wealthy organizations, after the 2028 Ozone ruin, had created individual homes for its people and family members named “Secular Biospheres.” I saw on the Communications Globe children as young as three years old working in the crop fields gathering food. Outrageous!
This type of secular activity angers many citizens living inside the residential Biospheres. However, the United Earth Government doesn’t halt the process along with the other earth-governments, because the United North American Government can barely provide jobs for people to buy food and cover all the financial expenses of each Biosphere, currently. Therefore, the United North American Government does not interfere with the other isolated and independent Secular Biospheres providing people with food and shelter on the cruel world of Earth.
I do not approve of injustice, either, but this is the way of life surviving on Planet Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy. I sigh with frustration.
“One more hill,” sliding my butt into the saddle of the bike, then yell in French horn. “Heavy metal.”
The southwest bike path shows the best view of the Starbuck Estate House, while a new 1970’s song of heavy metal music, banging drums and straining electric guitars entertains my eardrums. My eyeballs see a pretend “castle” like the ancient days of dead kings, living in their dead kingdoms of Earth History, a long time ago. I giggle in trombone music.
I mentally think of the term “princess” for me, snorting like a dead wild boar.
The Starbuck Estate House holds 11-bedrooms, 13-bathrooms, 2-kitchens, 3-living rooms, 4-dens, and 6-garages, since the mansion has grown bigger, wider, and higher with each ruling Starbuck Administrator. He or she has added to the dynasty, displaying his or her wealth inside and outside the grand Starbuck castle.
The exterior mansion consists of red and brown clay bricks, a natural oak wood wrap-around porch, white concrete paved sidewalks, gleaming silver steel-plated door frames, white pine wood window panes, and white clay roof tiles in the shape of a quadrangle. That’s a giant rectangular-shape where the manor’s four wings protrude in geographic directions of north, south, east, and west.
Grandma had partitioned the house in half with a separate Kitchen and Living-room for herself, allowing me the other part of the house. So cool! A teenager, who owned half of a house, since Grandma Starbuck felt that I needed my privacy growing up on the Farm. In reality, Grandma wanted to avoid all low, medium, and large noises that I had created as a pre-teenager.
After her funeral, I closed off Grandma’s area of the house and executed her Last Will and Testimony using my fluttering flute verbal orders as best I could, since Grandma left some of her antiques to her closest friends in Ming’s family. While the other half of the junk collects cobwebs and dust bunnies under the white cotton sheets like deformed ghosts, since I do not have the heart to discard any of her personal items, yet…maybe, next year.
I mumble, softly. “Home.” The bike slowly guides then gently drops to the red clay as I jump, kitten-like from the seat.
I slowly trot up the thirteen orange brick steps in cowgirl boots, while twisting my lips, right up into my nostril, noting the front door is unlocked. I turn the glass knob.
A bright green color displays alerting me. Maritza is, here, fixing me supper, simply because I’m 17-years, 7-months, 7-days, 7-hours, 7-minutes, and 7-seconds old, not capable of cooking, cleaning, and taking care of me. Since, I don’t have a husband, boyfriend or date to this Sunday’s picnic brunch. I sigh in annoyance.
Throwing my baseball cap on the clean table and my wind jacket on the shiny floor, I leap, kitten-like on a bright red, blue, and yellow floral sofa. I nosily prop my dirty red clay-covered pink and white rattlesnake cowgirl boots upon the mahogany table. Then, I hear an alto echo bouncing off the peach-colored walls.
“Missy, your Grandma’s rolling over in her grave.” Maritza fusses, wrinkling her forehead, ugly and charges her cowgirl boots into the Living-room as I totally ignore it all. I rest my dirty hair on the sofa’s floral neck rest, closing my eyelashes, and humming along with the Rock and Roll song, playing in the background of my house.
Not! Grandma Starbuck is in Heaven with her husband John, her son, Adam, her daughter-in-law, Betty…(yeah, baby)…and I’m here alone. I sigh with sadness.
“Messing up her expensive antique table with your dirty boots...,” Maritza lectures sternly. “Put them down at once.” She grabs a right boot, dragging it across the table, smearing beautifully more red clay across the table surface, and landing it on the hard wood floor. Thump. I smirk with a set of crooked pink lips, right up into my nostril, giggling in French horn music.
Maritza has described that piece of junk, accurately as both high priced and old, since I live in a sealed, locked, and protected Ecosphere, too, since birth. It starts fun, at first playing with the baby kittens and puppies, then racing on the wind bikes, jetting to the top of the glass Dome, and then back down. I pretend to win the pretend car race demonstrated by ancient Earthlings, while completing my pretend visual inspection with Grandma Starbuck for the first three weeks.
Then, the pretend fun becomes a boring drag with the same old routine, second after second, minute after minute, hour after hour, day after day, month after month, and year after year, because the older you get, then the more dangerous a farmer’s life becomes. I sigh with doom.
Something can seriously go wrong. Everyone can die in a sun solar flash. But, I’m not going be a “doom’s day Donna” and let that happen on my plantation or in my lifetime. Because, all farm personnel are trained and re-trained to handle such emergencies.

Past Earth History. Year 2028. Grandma Starbuck holds the farm together for many, many years without her beloved husband along with her infant son, since she truly lives and breathes Starbuck Plantation. And, her only hobby is purchasing antiques from the far away family units, all over Planet Earth, then shipping the items to her Ecosphere, decorating her private living suite.
Unlike the smart characters in the Nursery tale, when Chicken Little yells, 
“the sky is falling” in the Earth year 2028, all Earthlings hear and obey. They flee like dog fleas from their homes, cities, towns, and countries carrying their children, food, and very few precious material valuables with them. The wealthier households are able to bring both personal items of furniture and antique heirlooms.
After each independent superstructure Biosphere opens, the entry is free for every man, woman, and child until the living units are fully occupied. Soon, “greed” becomes the “new” neighbor, while “cash” becomes the “king” of the Dome.
The wealthy citizens learn quickly to grease the hands of the Biosphere Officials with wads of money freely unmarked and unaccounted by the United Government Auditors. Money brings not only one living unit but an apartment floor of units along with a rapid entrance into a medical facility and an ample supply of merchandise from fleets of personal solar cars to shelves of personal satellite computers, except one precious item Food.
Food is distributed and issued by the Military personnel, who often shoulder on their bodies live and loaded weapons, consisting of two hand pistols, two long rifles, and two palmed stun batons. Since the Military represents the law and order, the peace and justice, and the legal punishment in all the City-State Biospheres, because the United Earth Government might be newly created, but the Government Officials are wisely smart.
People are suffering mentally, emotionally, and physically from the loss of their family members, their health, their property, their possessions, their home pets, and their friends all over the world. Food is the only resource, offering both, comfort and security for Earthlings to survive this terrible crisis.
The existing Farms, immediately, become possessions of the United Earth Government all over the world along with the newly construction of the protective Ecospheres, covering miles of healthy crops and viable woodlands. The United Earth Government donates to the Farmers sets of expensive state-of-the-art farm solar equipment, and farm workers for a mass production of food operating 24-hours-a-day, 7-days-a-week, and 52-weeks-a-year for the starving Earthlings, living inside the Biospheres.
Starbuck Plantation has been financially successful as a homestead for over a century. The Starbuck Clan is rich with money, property, and resources. The 2028 Ozone Crisis has helped escalate the crop growth from nine months out of the year to twelve for the newly built City-State Biospheres, housing people, plants, and animals, an adjusted life style on Planet Earth.

Past Earth History. Year 2040. Great Grandfather Starbuck feels emotional sympathy for the citizens living in the over-crowded Biospheres, conserving his personal share of resources and money. During this period of time, traveling outside a Dome isn’t only dangerous but deadly to a human body, if the human body is exposed to twirling radiation air currents emitted from the soil or attacked from a sky pirate flying in the radiated greenish-pink skies of Planet Earth.
Grandma is the first Starbuck baby born in an Ecosphere, her sealed plastic bubble. She couldn’t open a door and step into the “real” outside world of Earth, without experiencing pain and suffering to her fragile human body. She watches eagerly on the Communications Globe how people work inside their sealed bubbles, earning money to buy food and feed their kids. On the globe, people advertise bartering their skills or selling personal items for food or money. Grandma is fascinated with some of the commodities on the Communications Globe.
One day, Grandma proposes to her Daddy that he purchase some of the Biosphere’s merchandise wares from the residents, in exchange for food. Great Grandfather Starbuck doesn’t see the harm, being a very compassion man, thinking his daughter’s idea holds noble merit, while it contributes to the lost cause…Earthlings. Grandma finds her passion in life, helping mankind and re-decorating her Starbuck bedroom, all at the same time.

Present-day. I grin goofy, thinking fondly about Grandma’s dream and all her old furniture neatly stored in the west wing of the Estate House, since her passion has flowed into every room, corner, nook, and cranny of Starbuck Plantation. The wool rugs in an array of bold colors of black, red, and green from the United Asia Dome cover the hard wood floors. The tables of destroyed trees called maple, oak, birch, and cherry hold numerous tiny breakable glass ornaments on the top of the wooden shelves from the United Europe Dome line the hallways.
There are rocking chairs, sitting chairs, sofas, bed frames, chests, armoires, dressers, and bureaus possessing funny carvings of animals and geometric figures engraved on the wooden legs, arms, and seat rests of furnishings from the United South American Biosphere. Maritza calls the furniture “classical” antiques as I call it “junk.” I have got to get rid of it before next year, making a mental note.
“I’m done. The house’s nice and tidy.” Maritza blasts breaking my day dream of my Grandmother, handing me a cup of freshly squeezed red fruit juice like a toddler. Then, she presents a set of duck lips, ugly while giving me that look. Do it again or else.
I smile with wholehearted respect for Maritza as a person, a monitor, and greatly appreciate her as a friend since “that day.”

Past Earth History. Year 2099. As Grandma Starbuck prepares me for my lifetime role as the new administrator of Starbuck Plantation, my first task is to learn the mainframe programming computer language, controlling the vitality important life functions on the Farm inside a glass Dome. Without me suspecting it, Maritza watches and records with her eyeballs and her quick thinking brain cells…me and my re-occurring computer mistakes, that I accidentally continued to repeat and repeat and repeat.
Maritza is the housekeeper at Starbuck Plantation by trade, performing her service very well and very efficiently, but her real underlying motive is to secretly assist me in my satellite training. She had done this with Grandma Starbuck, when Grandma Starbuck was a stupid teenager.
The primary duty for the Ecosphere Administrator is learning and maintaining the satellite computer communication network and the life support system, since I’m the primary computer programmer, handling all the satellite data, the software upgrades, the application updates, and the computer repairs. The numerous software applications control oxygen, sunlight, water supply, rain, and the outer defense mechanics from any outdoor threats of electrical thunder storms or falling outer space atmospheric debris, and last, but not least, basically and vitally, all the lives of every person, plant, and animal. I sigh with responsibility.
I’m nervous when the plantation housekeeper keeps appearing mysteriously to clean the bathroom in the Operations Computer Room or to tidy up the computer shelves every time my satellite lessons begin with Grandma, while Maritza is always looming around like a shadow hidden in some dark corner of the room stalking me. I sigh with annoyance.
I love being a teenager and am successful in my academic studies, a skilled horse woman, and have exceeded Grandma’s expectation for learning the complicated satellite programs. In return, these earlier accomplishments make me appear as an independent, reliable, dependable, caring, honest, and hard working soul with a slight touch of arrogance and over confidence. I sigh with independence.

Past Earth History.  Year 2104. At 13-years, 13-days, 13-hours, 13-minutes, and 13-seconds old, I’m given total responsibility to set, load, and execute the life support applications for Starbuck Plantation. It’s a typical day on the Farm, harvesting crops, feeding livestock, and school learning for the children. When the Farm chores end, supper is served and people retire for the evening.
After supper mealtime, I schedule the sunset satellite software, consisting of multiple applications that execute a rain pattern to water the crops and streams then convert a day light dome to a night time status, and then shut down all non-essential machines and robots for the evening. Next I am required to re-boot with an electronic signal the solar equipment at sunrise for the next morning duties on Starbuck Plantation. Since the ecosphere internal environmental controls stimulate varying degrees of artificial shading from a bright morning yellow light to a midnight black darkness for the comfort of both animals and people.
Every person, animal, and plant needs to rest, sleep, and re-generate. Rain is programmed in pattern formation from the overhead mechanical sprinkler showers and underground tunnels of water. The rain erupts from the mechanic faucets, moistening the crops at the root level below the soil, and replenish the clean sweet tasting underground water reservoirs feeding the ponds, lakes, barn troths, house water wells, and my hot bathtub at night.
During my tutelage, computer programming is a group of logical commands instructed in a step-by-step process of computer routines and subroutines. The first routine starts the procedure with the command word BEGIN, and completes the sequence with the command word END, indicating the computer program is finished and performed with 0.0 errors.
The satellite procedures are very lengthy and long as I sit my bee_hind numb for 3-hours, 3-minutes, and 3-seconds, watching the ever-ending computer screen repeat the same pattern, blinks in yellow, then blinks in blue, then blinks in green for GO, and then executes the next command. Then it blinks in yellow, then blinks in blue, then blinks in green for GO, and then executes another command, snorting like a dead wild boar. I sigh with boredom.
I have come up with a brilliant…beyond brilliant conclusion for the program by modifying the Life-support application to run faster and efficient, eliminating the need for my baby sitting duty for each subroutine stage, until it displays a bright gold confirmation flag like the one that flies atop of my house.
I have created one big gigantic computer program that merges all the individual applications, together, running them sequentially in ten logical rapid steps, so in techie theory, when the evening file finishes, a flag design appears in a pretty pattern of bright blue and dark green colors, displaying a word in bright green letters COMPLETE. My logic is beautifully flawless. My programs are brilliantly coded, since they were successfully executed, during my testing stage, this morning. I sigh with self-importance.
Unfortunately I have forgotten one small significant detail that all computer programs carry and execute backup commands, just in case of an accidental application failure. Then all the functioning computer systems shut off automatically, because the application failure is constituted as a dang dire deadly emergency situation for the farm, the animals, and the people on Starbuck Plantation.
I quickly punch up the console menu initiating my new computer program and beautifully hear with my eardrums a soft ping of the mechanical circuits, whining and twirling in a black four-feet high by two-feet wide metal box, housing the computer’s CPU (central processing unit or brain) accessing my new files. I smirk with a set of crooked pink lips, right up to my nostril, slamming my shoulders against the leather back rest of the desk chair. The chair hits the mint green-colored paint job on the wall, placing both my cowgirl boot soles upon the desk table for a short catnap. I shift bend arms behind my pretty head while closing my eyelashes. My work is done as the yellow box appears upon the console screen, showing a word in black letters BEGIN. I sigh with confidence.
I peek-a-boo a right eyelash open and carefully monitor my brilliant computer work for 1 second…2 seconds…then eyeball a silver box overlay on the screen, displaying a word in bright red letters ABORT.
I nosily gasp and shoot out of the comfortable red padded chair like a lighting bolt with palms outstretched on the maple wood work station, eyeing studiously the computer console screen. My mind is frozen in both space and time with the wrongness of the problem as time passes like hours to me, while I study a red blinking screen. My fragile little mind calculates and analyzes the problem. I sigh with worry.
A blur of glossy black hair and brown arms swiftly push me aside from the console as deeply tanned long fingers rapidly type untranslatable geometric symbols into the highlighted red box. The flashing word ABORT stops and replaces with the single word of green letters READY.
I view Maritza as my burnt nerve endings tingle with raw emotions ranging from upset, embarrassed, relieved, betrayed, and finally to mad. “Thank you…,” stumbles out of my tight mouth.
Maritza displays a toothy smile with the hidden message that Grandma Starbuck quotes to me all the dang time. Everything is fine.
During the late night hours, Maritza and I re-write the codes and replace my aborted programs with a series of new and improved software applications, creating that fairy tale very happy ending, because Maritza saved the Farm, not stupid I. We agree not to tell Grandma Starbuck, since I have learned a very valuable life lesson and, too, discovered a new friend…foreverly as I smile sweetly at her.
I can’t keep a lie from Grandma Starbuck, thou, since she trusts and depends upon me to take over and run Starbuck Plantation, after she has left Planet Earth and traveled to the great beyond into Heaven. So, I tattle on myself, but Grandma Starbuck isn’t mad at me.
After I explained why I re-programmed the sunset routines and the deadly consequences of what might have happened if Maritza had not intervened, Grandma Starbuck roars with jungle cat laughter, grinning wickedly. “That old bat! Did Maritza tell ya how she saved my fanny a time or two?” I shake gray bangs into my eyeballs, sharing the infectious laugh with her as I ponder both our deep dark secrets.

Present-day. house. red sky. blue clouds. pink sun. 92ºF. Evening. The blinking sphere rushes like a soaring helicopter beeping in loud annoying tones of piercing whistle sirens as I re-prop my body for a second time upon the sofa with boot toes smiling at the ceiling on the coffee table, next to the beverage.
“Another emergency!” I cry out loud kicking the juice with my right boot over the table surface. The Communication Globe light only blinks in the color of yellow for an audio and visual message, while the screen uprights like a rearing stallion for me.

Past Earth History. Year 2019. Communications Globe science is a remarkably advancement for Earthlings, since an eight-inched diameter floating silver ball carries a world of communication at your fingertips. The Globe is composed of a landline telephone, a cell phone, a television, a radio, a telegraph, a stereo, a fax machine, a laptop, and a photo scanner rolled into a single compact unit. A person can talk to anyone on the other side of Earth and relay audio, visual, and numeric data by pressing a single button.
The sphere can maneuver around trees, plants, houses, barns, and animals, without damage to the outer shell, since the silver steel plating covers and protects the inner wires and cables. A specific colored light locates around the belly of the sphere, indicating the type of message being sent, composed of red for emergency, green for voice message or yellow for a visual hologram or data report. The roaming devise is activated by voice command and uses external and internal sensory instruments and sonar devices to track the nearest human based on heat temperature ranges in the biological body.

Present-day. “Starra, I have crop and livestock numbers by category for the Hunts-Bama Dome’s Distribution Center,” Ming reports. “Do you want it audio or visual?”
“Visual.” I jump, kitten-like off the sofa, while the juice drains upon a clean floor and sorta follows me…well…follows the bottom of boot sole, while we….three pad towards the desk computer terminal in the Kitchen, printing the data report.
My last task is to review and adjust the permanent farm estimations, since the United North American Hunts-Bama Distribution Center sends electronically my money payments, every Monday, before the arrival of my Farm goods to the Bank. I think stupidly, since something can go wrong before the Saturday morning delivery deadline. There are always animal deaths and scorched crops that can’t be sold in the plazas or consumed by man or beast. Another good example of #@$ government waste. I snort like a dead wild boar.

Past Earth History. Year 2031. As the per person food consumption rate raises to a new level from the newly built City-State Biospheres, the independent people who owns a Farm Ecospheres become very rich. The Farmers send charred crop produce, sick livestock, and phantom goods to the City-State Distribution Centers, because they are paid in advance, based on the not-good enough computer estimations. The Farm owner complains that they need the advancement of funds to purchase field seedlings, food staples, and pay for competent personnel within their Ecosphere to function on a seven day work farm schedule.
The United North American Government Biosphere Officials finally get wise, wasting money doesn’t harm anyone, but withholding precious food is both, unsafe and dangerous. The starving occupants of the existing Biospheres start riots and destroy public and private property when food is not available, so the United North American Government is forced to interfere with the privately owned Farms.
A United North American Government law is passed requiring all Farm Owners to obtain a Government Certificate to manage a Farm Ecosphere. When many of the plantation owners can’t pass the rigor government test composed of math, science, and legal questions, then the government appoints a certified Administrator to manage the Farm, supervising the weekly shipments to the starving people inside the City-State Domes. The plan is very successful as the people get food, and the farms produce better goods, while the plantation owners receive their monies.
My great-Grandfather Starbuck doesn’t cheat the City-State Biospheres of vital food or play the food system for additional government monies, so he underestimates his farm goods to protect his dome, his family, and his reputation. Starbuck is a very wise man and learns to operate every United North American Government computer, solar equipment, and manual device on his farm. Great-Grandfather Starbuck passes the Farm Certification with a 95-percent completion rate and is named the Farm-North Bama Ecosphere Administrator. He is totally responsible for the day-to-day operations as well as preparing the United North American Government weekly reports to the Distribution Center located in the Hunts-Bama Biosphere.
Grandma Starbuck is granted the Ecosphere Administrator title after her exams. And I pass my tests with 90-points out of a possible total of 100, entitling me to manage the Farm, also.
“You are expected to pass, Starra, because no other person can run our plantation but a Starbuck.” Grandma always reminds me, every second, every minute, every hour, and every day of her life.

Present-day. “Maritza.” I sing in piccolo hearing my lovely echo throughout the hallway. Plopping onto the floral sofa for a third time in my dirty jeans, I sit quietly enjoying a second cold beverage of red fruit juice and silently welcome a peaceful evening.
Maritza is gone. The baby calf is eating its dinner with its Mama, and the weekly estimates are transmitted.
I close my eyelashes, letting the day’s events slip off my thin shoulders, pondering that my life is wonderful on a Farm and can’t imagine being any place else on Earth. The plantation isn’t just a government ecosphere. This is my piece of Earth, my home, my job, and my future. I sigh with contentment.
I am an Ecosphere Administrator, one of the youngest in the United North America Government, and rich, capable of purchasing more land to start a second Farm Dome. I ponder that day dream. My farm staff receives outstanding benefits and security as members of Starbuck Plantation. Ming and Maritza aren’t just employees to me. They are my family helping to educate and discipline me as a young child, and assisting me with good guidance and wise advice as a teen-in-training for adulthood.
I giggle in piccolo music, whispering like delicate butterfly’s wings. “I’m one lucky…Earthling.” Beep! Beep! The Communications Globe’s indicator light flashes red for a message. “Now what?” I annoy at the twirling silver in front of my freckled face then holler in soprano. “Open.”
“This is a message for the Ecosphere Administrator. You, your family members, and the 142 listed dome workers are ordered to report for the required United North America Government testing, tomorrow, ten in the morning at the Medical Facility Five in the Hunts-Bama Biosphere. Testing for each individual requires 3-minutes and 12-seconds to complete. This is a mandatory test. No person is exempt. If you deny any person access to testing, you will be fined 713,592-dollars and 73-cents along with imprisoned of your person for 6-days, 3-hours, 30-minutes, and 4-seconds. This transmission ends.” The screen displays sliver and white rows of static.
“Testing?” I scratch my dirty hair with a set of dirtier finger nails, ordering. “News.” The Globe beams a smiling blonde-haired Reporter wearing a red jacket into a peach-painted smooth wall. That’s why the walls are painted in pastel colors to see the visual transmissions in one dimension figures as I giggle in clarinet music. I sigh with intrigue.
“Earth is dying.” The Reporter talks in alto then pauses for drama with a smile then updates. “The Hunts-Bama Dome has learned from a reliable source that the six remaining governments United Europe, United Asia, United Africa, United Middle East, United South American, and United North America have formed a new branch within the United Earth Government. The branch is designed for space missions, not to study intergalactic theories, but to send a team of astronauts to another planet outside our galaxy. All citizens will be contacted by a City-State Biosphere representative in 2-days, 4-hours, 18-minutes, and 21-seconds about the details of testing and implementing this strange and bold plan for Earthlings. I will repeat this statement again. Earth is dying. ”
“Off.” I word softly. I sigh with puzzlement.

Day 6,428. train. pink sky. orange clouds. purple sun. green rain. 103ºF. Morning. I double-check the cruise setting and speed control panel inside the solar train as Ming swiftly slips his folded body into a cockpit chair. He is co-pilot and buzzes with his trumpet excitement. “Cargo and crew are ready for takeoff, Captain.” He jokes mildly trying to lighten my bad mood.
I mumble in angry. “I should be here, not bouncing around the city like a tourist.” I sigh with frustration.
Farm Administrators understand protocol, especially government protocol. Protocol dictates that Saturday is a travel day, not today. The Farm Employees deserve time off work, since I respect that work concept. The overseer arranges duty, sick, and leave days for the farm staff. But today is different, since there will no planting, no harvesting or clearing of the fresh crops, and minimal animal care performed by the medical robots.
Everyone is excited and nicely dressed in their comfortable clothes for the 21-minutes, and 34-seconds joy ride inside a solar train as they shuffle one person at a time into the train’s compartment, whispering and mumbling about this sudden wind tunnel trip to the Hunts-Bama Biosphere. Ming, the head member of the family calms their concerns by fibbing that it is time for the annual medical scan at the Medical Center then eating a free lunch and day of free shopping with no farm duties, which is against my better judgment. I sigh with disappointment.
Ming’s people are alike in appearance, since their original ancestors traveled across the ocean from the continent of Asia. They possess short body frames, an olive skin tone set with glossy black straight hair, and a pair of beautiful almond-shaped brown eyes. Each person holds a simple expression, without a smile, but you can see and feel their emotions dance inside their brown eyes, such as happy, sad, glad, and mad.

Past Earth History. Year 2096. I think, therefore I am, not in this case. As a five year old child, I think that the entire Ming clan members are my relatives. I possess waist-length long black hair, of course, my eyeball color is gray, not brown. My skin tone is gold and tinted with tan freckles, not smooth olive.
When I am ten years old, I realize that I am different, because I don’t reference any member of the Ming’s clan as my brother, uncle, nephew, sister, aunt, niece or cousin, which is one clue. The second clue appears, visually in my hair with a series of thick silver strands of locks, shimmering from my cow lick on the left side, down to my waist-length black wavy hair. Since every day, I receive a new growth of silver, just like an elder senior citizen, making me totally different freaking alright. I sigh with surprise.

Present-day. Flipping an internal communication switch, I instruct. “Control Tower…this is Farm-North Bama Ecosphere. We are ready, set, and go for a launch to Hunts-Bama. The final destination is Medical Facility Five.”
The Hunts-Bama Biosphere Controller promptly responds with his smiling face on the tiny screen. “Farm-North Bama Ecosphere, you are good for go on my mark, three, two, one…and launch.”
I lean comfortably into a black fabric padded seat, relaxing and smiling at my co-pilot, while the vehicle flies on a concrete slab with eight inches of space at a top speed of 525 miles-per-hour coupled with a funny flight lingo, making feel like an outer space star ship commander from one of the old time TV Hollywood films, shown on the Communications Globe for both fun and entertainment. I sigh with excitement.

Past Earth History. Year 2029. Solar trains are designed for both fast and safe transportation, not luxury within an enclosed shell of silver-tinted steel plates. The solid plates are primarily protection for human flesh and body parts from flying junk within a wind tunnel filled with gross rubbish and metal trash. A typical interior compartment houses 53-people, who can relax upon sets of soft cushioned-covered fabric orange chairs, while the seat drops to a reclining position for sleeping or upright for viewing any hologram TV screen on the wall console.
There are not any windows for eyeball sightseeing, since a computer is programmed to display a movie or repeat a pretty landscape scene in the attached travel compartments for human and non-human occupants. In the livestock carriage, a repeating scene with audio and visual sounds comprised of tall green trees, singing blue birds, fake green grass, and a sparking water stream is shown over and over, again passing the travel time and calming the animals.
There is an assortment of colorful cartoon programs for the young children to watch, music entertainment programs for the teenagers, and commodity shows for the young adults. In the older adult compartments, they spend the ride planning the day’s agenda, including the shopping plazas and the entertainment bazaars to visit, to play, and to eat during the day, afternoon, and late evening.
A Biosphere Control Tower Controller monitors incoming and outgoing vehicles through the wind tunnel, pre-programmed by a computer for each Biosphere within a City-State Dome. So the active and alert Controller can override any transport coming into the tunnel with a touch of a single button, since the speed is set by the pilot of the flying vehicle between the ranges of 102 miles-per-hour to 525.
The Controller schedules each vehicle’s arrival and departure, making the wind tunnel safe and secure modes of transportation than in the past days after the Ozone Collapse of 2028. Early wind travel had allowed a stupid or smart pilot to select any dome path at any top speed, which caused many accidents and lots of dead people occurring, too frequently. The dead lives prompted the creation of a main Control Tower at each City-State Biosphere.

Present-day. The Hunt-Bama Controller’s job is easy, today, pressing a single button, sending a silver bullet into the Hunt-Bama City-State Biosphere for the only vehicle traveling back and forth to and from Starbuck Plantation. As far back as I can remember there has never been another transport to ever visit my farm, snorting like a dead wild boar. I sigh with interest.

Hunts-Bama Biosphere. Reception. red sky. golden clouds. green sun. 106ºF. Morning. “Welcome to Medical Facility Five, please exit to your right. You can follow the yellow line to the entrance of this building.” The automated Communications Globe chimes mechanically in alto timbre greeting the new visitors, who step off the solar train and pound their cowboy boots into the Lobby of the Medical Center. The Starbuck Plantation staff is on time proceeding patiently like batches of loose baby chicks into the assigned wing of the Hospital for the United North America Government required test.
“What’s this testing about?” Ming bugs me for a third time as I stand with my crossed biceps over my white T-shirt, next to the front door, ensuring the children don’t run away…along with chicken me.
“I am instructed... no, I am ordered to bring us here or…,” letting the words linger in the air waves, since I don’t want to alarm Ming.
The Medical Technician is prompt, smiling, wearing at her kneecaps a dull gray laboratory coat with her name printed in strands of dull gray fabric threads on the left-hand pocket, while extending her hand to me.
“Hello, Administrator Starbuck! I am Miss Alisa Stone. I’ll be conducting the tests on your staff members.” She rudely finger points to a squared-archway of double doors, painting paint in dull gray on the left, matching her name tag. She instructs pleasantly in flute music. “You and your party can stay here until the process is completed in 2-hours, 30-minutes, and 10-seconds. Please enjoy our hospitality room!”
Miss Stone leads our farm staff towards the room with me in the rear, scanning for the anticipated enemy attack as she parks her body center stage more dull gray painted wall. She loudly calls a pair of first names of my staff. The nervous couple with three kids stands before her then she leads them out of the archway, down the opposite end of the hallway as I eyeball their path into another side door of dull gray. I sigh with puzzlement.
I swing my eyeballs at the commotion in the corner of the room, noting the enormous room holds 513-people while appearing as a type of dance hall by design with wall paint of gray color and a matching gray tile floor inside a drab room. A beautifully trimmed blue and yellow table decorates in first place, holding nine platters, consisting of white and dark meats, assorted grain breads, and steaming colored vegetables. The second table displays buckets of ice cold bottles of water, assorted drinks, and milk jugs for the children. The desserts range from a dark creamy chocolate brownie to a hot red cherry pie slice on the last table, since it is Picnic Day for my farm personnel.
“I’m impressed.” Ming grins with yellow food particles between his front teeth while shoveling more meat into his open mouth from his overstuffed plate
“I’m not.” I purposefully ignore the food banquet, opting to sit by the open archway, waiting impatiently for Miss Stone. I sigh with frustration.
Time passes quickly as Miss Stone conducts her secret interview one family at a time within the family unit, consisting of a wife, a husband, and children. Each family unit swiftly returns into the Banquet Room and blabs the same scenario.
Miss Stone escorts them into a small room. Miss Stone instructs no talking while sitting quietly inside a set of chairs. Then one-minute later, Miss Stone re-appears and their testing is over. They leave the small room.
Ming and Maritza have been gone two minutes and eight seconds…(yeah, I counted using the MISSISSIPPI method)…when Miss Stone magically appears in the door frame, smiling fully at me, announcing in alto. “Administrator, you’re the last candidate.”
“Last candidate?” I echo in piccolo music shockingly and eye burn her.
“You and your group can depart for home after your test is completed, Administrator Starbuck.” Miss Stone ignores my piccolo music, purposefully, moving ahead of me towards a secret door on the left side of an empty hallway.
“When can I review the results?” I gallop heavy on my boot soles and race next to her, before she opens the door, while I demand with a cute snarl from my pink-painted lips.
“I’ll report my findings to my Director. This is my job for the testing process. I can state that none of your personnel had any problems with the tests.” Miss Stone shares her sentences with mystery, eye balling the door, not me.
I wrinkle my forehead, ugly and question. “They passed? Passed what?” I tap on beat next to her high-heeled shoes in a weird musical rhythm.
Miss Stone suddenly stops and grabs the door knob, opening an entrance into a small room and sings in high flute. “We’ve here. Please take a seat! Wait for further instructions!” She smiles then twists her body from me and the door. I sigh with weary.
I plow a right cowgirl boot, then a left cowgirl boot, then march my body towards a single chair, feeling both cold and small, since the tiny room measures 10-feet, 4-inches long by 8-feet, 2-inches wide, and 7-feet, 5-inches high with no windows and no paintings as the air conditioner vent blows a cold chilly 52-degrees Fahrenheit…(yeah, I am a barometer).
I jerk my blue jean jacket, which Maritza had shuffled into my hands, before she went on her free shopping spree, over my sleeveless tank top warming my petite body. I plop like a rock upon a light weight metal folding chair in the empty room.
“Greetings,” an invisible body of Miss Stone voices in her alto timbre, coolly.
I jump, kitten-like from the chair bending at kneecaps, scanning an empty room for trouble while startled from a loud sound. I sigh nosily and breathe deeply, settling down on the cold metal, snorting like a dead wild boar. I sign with scary cat syndrome.
“Please follow my instructions step by step. We will begin. I want you to breathe in and out,” an invisible body of Miss Stone orders in her alto timbre, commandingly. I inhale the cold air with sharp pains inside my tight chest cavity, not from her instructions, because I’m…something. “I want you to breathe in and out, again,” an invisible body of Miss Stone repeats in her alto timbre for a second time. I ignore the stupid request, because I need a warm yellow sun burning my freckles while working on my farm, not here doing…something. “Please try to relax, the test will be over very soon,” an invisible body of Miss Stone informs with her alto timbre, sweetly. I realize that there are hidden cameras, observing my silly behavior and records my non-verbal responses, at the moment. I gracefully place my hands inside my lap like a Southern lady as taught and instructed by my Grandma Starbuck for the cameras while sniggering like a dead sly weasel. I sigh with manner.
“I’m going to read a short passage from a famous book. After I finish reading I will ask you to repeat the passage to me,” an invisible body of Miss Stone instructs with her alto timbre, politely.
I croak, froggie-like. “Okay.” Because the cold air is freezing vocal chords into refrigerator ice cubes or…maybe I’m a little nervous or just a lot of impatient as I mumble under my nostrils. “Relax. Over soonest.” And I watch with amusement my mouth oxygen form small circled ringlets from my pink-painted lips. I gently tilt my skull into the rear of chair rest, mediating slowly like Grandma Starbuck, since I do not classify this situation as crisis. But I’m nervous, impatient and suddenly gotta pee from the cold air hitting my tight bladder. And, also, maybe, I don’t like being treated like a mad scientist’s white cute laboratory mouse.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
“In the beginning, God made the Heavens and the Earth. God said ‘Let there be light.’ There was light. God saw the light was good,” an invisible body of Miss Stone narrates in her alto timbre, smoothly.
I smash my eyelashes upright, staring at an empty white wall as her words echo across the neurons of my mind like a lightning bolt with the famous passage from The Holy Bible in the Testament of Genesis, First Chapter, and First Verse. I sigh with knowledge.
An invisible body of Miss Stone talks in her alto timbre, sternly. “Can you tell me the passage?”
I scan my eyeballs for the hidden speaker and word in my natural flute voice with annoyance. “Yeah, the Bible. Can I leave? Is my test finished?”
“You heard me read the passage,” an invisible body of Miss Stone sounds in her new flute timbre, excitedly.
I can’t find the speakers inside the tiny room, so I stare at the dull gray and confirm in my new piccolo voice. “Yeah, I heard ya read the passage. Can I leave, please?”
“Please re-state the passage word by word,” an invisible body of Miss Stone orders in her flute timber, sternly.
Word by word is difficult, since I recognize the quote from The Holy Bible. The first sentence is from memory of my Sunday School lessons on my Farm, but the rest of the sentences will have to be paraphrased. So I begin in flute timbre. “In the beginning, God made the Heavens and the Earth…”
“This is excellent,” an invisible body of Miss Stone praises in her piccolo timber, lovingly.
I staccato in my new bass flute voice directed at the hidden microphone. “I…guess. I…passed.”
“Miss Starbuck, you are dismissed. Thank you so much for your cooperation,” an invisible body of Miss Stone terminates in her clarinet timbre, swiftly. My visit ends without an escort to the door or a traditional shaking hand for my dismissal as I conclude that there’s no Southern Hospitality left in the world. I lift my bee_hind from the hard metal chair and exit the room through the unlocked door, padding to find Ming. I sigh with confusion.

wind tunnel station. pink sky. purple clouds. blue sun. 121ºF. Afternoon. Ming patiently waits like a puppy dog, nodding his skull, grinning a smile at the entry way of the Medical Center as I trot next to his face. Ming updates. “The Clan is shopping and sightseeing. The goods are delivered, and the solar panels are re-charging. I am…”
The farm helpers are having fun, believing that the test is another game. I sigh with relief.
Ming is a good overseer always in charge and capable of handling any abnormal crisis. Grandma Starbuck should’ve made him, the Ecosphere Administrator of Starbuck Plantation, instead of me. He deserves the royal honor maybe…one day…I can make him a temporary administrator, while I vacation to another City-State dome for both fun and entertainment.
Ming smiles. “And, how was your test, Starra?” He seems more curious rather than nosy.
I shake my curls then view the distance, “Silly! Nothing happened. I sat in a cold room for a few minutes. Then, I was finally dismissed.” I cover my jumbled emotions of weirdness, instead of the revealing the true steps of my test.
“I received the same treatment,” he twists his face towards the shopping merchandise plaza.
“Done! Let’s get some work completed.” I smile, slapping his arm.
He views me. “Work!?”
“Work! I’m going to fly back to the farm renting a car.” I finger the rental vehicle office, since my farm crew needs the solar train to sail back home to Starbuck Plantation, free of charge, compliments of the United North American Government. I giggle in flute music. I sigh with deceptiveness.
Ming smiles like a loving father-figure. “Stay with us at the Biosphere, have some fun, met a guy, get married, have children, and enjoy life, Starra. You work too hard, Administrator.”
“If it was only that easy, Ming,” I grin and body spin on my boot heels, perfectly facing a rental ship and pace towards a car, since I day dream of meeting a nice man, falling in love, and having a family of my own, not today. I snort like a dead wild boar. I sigh with chance.
Ming waves his arms like landing a jet and hollers really loud for all eardrums to hear. “Remember, it’s Tuesday.”
I wave off with a right hand, still strolling towards the rental shop, whispering like butterfly’s wings. “Yeah, Poker Night.”

Ming’s house. poker game. purple sky. blue clouds. waxing pink moon. 93ºF. Evening. Poker night is a tradition on Starbuck Plantation, occurring every Tuesday evening, since any person, who loves to learn and play cards, can join the tradition. Maritza had introduced the Poker to the Ming clan, while she learned and studied her academic courses but played for “real” money as a new student at the post-college school in the Hunts-Bama biosphere.
The gathering at Ming’s house is informal and fun with groups of tables and chairs set up to accommodate six to twelve players on a table forming an unofficial gambling casino when Grandma Starbuck forced me to join the game, so I could socialize more with Ming and his family.
There are three divisions of people that play the Beginner, the Intermediate, and the Advanced. The Beginner table consists of children, who want to learn to play cards with age ranges from ten to eighteen years old. The students are taught card theory and rules of competition along with good sportsmanship. It’s how you play the game, not whether you win or lose!
The Intermediate table consists of older children, young adults, and older adults, who have mastered card theory and display good sportsmanship behavior to their fellow pretend gamblers, since games and competition go hand and hand. Not every person can win every game!
The Advanced poker player excels at the card game and uses their real money to fund the Poker Pot for each round of game match. I am excellent in math and receive high marks on my academic tests in Plantation School. And, I find the game fun and challenging, since cards are similar to math problems.
You are given five cards with different numbers and symbols. Your goal is to collect the matching sequential numbers, symbols or combination to win the game and money…”real” money.
During the stiff competition, my table usually includes Maritza, the Grand Champion for the past 3-years, 2-months, 7-days, 18-hours, 6-minutes, and 22-seconds along with some her talented children and grandchildren. Maritza and I alternate winning the poker games, so many times, that Ming’s grandchildren have created a betting money pool on who would win each Tuesday night’s final game. The latest poll shows Maritza will rule, tonight.
Ming doesn’t like to play cards, catering to the players, serving beverages, especially alcoholic drinks. Ming spends his money on importing bottles of red and white wine from a product, growth from red and white fruit grapes inside a couple of the western Ecospheres.
However, this game is supposed to be fun, not a contest of wills, but Maritza is a very intense, determined, and competitive card player as the housekeeper bluffs around the table with a face of granite stone. You can’t tell, if she’s holding a pair of deuces or a straight royal flush. I sigh with impatience.

Past Earth History. Year 2104. At the age of 13-years, 13-days, 13-hours, 13-minutes, and 13-seconds, I start, with permission from Grandma Starbuck, to participate with the experienced players on the Advanced-table. On my first night, as a newcomer, I giggle in piccolo music, every time, I receive a good set of matching cards from the card dealer, making my poker hand unbeatable. But my opponents quickly learn to listen to my childish snigger and fold their card hands, leaving only the Grand Champion and me fighting over the pot of gold. By the end of the month, I learn to control my turkey chuckle, adopting an arrogant smirk, instead.

Present-day. “I fold.” Grandson of Ming announces then stands and fetches a cool drink as the other advanced players drop out of the poker game, due to an over consumption of wine or no more funds or a combination of the two combined conditions. So Maritza and I play the last card hand with the pot of gold at 3,012-dollars.
Maritza drops her card hand for her eyeballs, smiling at me. “I call four Queens.”
“No one can beat her playing hand.” Grandson compliments his Grandmother Ming, smiling.
I display four cards of seven, and the number ten, dropping my poker hand for all the other eyeballs to see. The mathematical number ten is the wild card, clearly broadcasted by Maritza at the start of the last game. Her Grandson fingers my cards. “She has five of kind.”
“Starra wins.” Ming decides raising an arm in the air, without the drink as I smile and stand, crinkling my blue jeans down my kneecaps.

Day 6,429. house. orange sky. pink clouds. green sun. 92ºF. Morning. The early morning dew twinkles like a set of diamonds on a green lush manicured lawn as my sunrise computer application completes the watering cycle. I happily enjoy sun watching in the east, bouncing its ball against an orange tinted sky. Peaceful and serene!
Then, my gut rumbles for eats and eagerness, making this day seem different for some weird reason all the way down to my naked toe bones. I present a set of fish lips, ugly along with my little voice. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
The temperature gauge reads 92-degrees Fahrenheit at 4:15 in the morning, a very hot day. From my bedroom window, I prettily see the phantom lights of a Hunts-Bama Biosphere as the orange and green colors mix into bright red, streaming like a flashlight beam up into an orange sky from the 158-miles long by 256-miles wide glass Dome.
At night, the Hunts-Bama Dome shines like a star in the Southern Hemisphere, while during the day, the Biosphere emits a twinkling rainbow show, flashing throughout the colored sky up and down Earth’s atmosphere. I compare and study the outside shielding of my own Dome, so familiar of a visual sight with no birds, no rodents, and no indications of life, only the sparely patches of weird weeds. Every morning, there’s new growth. I sigh with confusion.
The thin patches of black grass, tall dark purple weeds, and gray wild flowers growing on the ground is creepy, since the color dances funky in the harsh wind, when I compare to the rosy red roses, cherry pink tulips, and white dogwoods flowers lounging beautifully around my house. This phenomenon thrives, because the poisoned roots touch a series of tiny droplets of water moisture leaking from the underground sewer tanks as the dookie and pee products from humans and animals flow from the Dome’s protective shielding underground into the radiated water ponds.
Heat and intense solar daylight kills whatever grows during the night, but this new stuff is stubborn as I track the weeds for the 9-months, 23-days, 5-hours, 31-minutes, and 55-seconds. An excellent science project for the Plantation’s School comes to mind, but my empirical results are scary, since I fear and fright that a new predator is attacking Starbuck Plantation. I sigh with worry.
My concerns target the fresh water supply and healthy crop fields, since my first data record states the farthest patch measured at 4,592-yards, 2-feet, and 9-inches from my Dome. The protective solar shielding burns the weeds as soon as the plant’s foliage hits the heated and hot surface, not the underground root system. I sigh with alarm.
This morning, the measurement indicates that the funky patch is 2,867-yards, 5-feet, and 14-inches away from me, while the radiated weeds multiple and mutate in both, width and length around the circle of the Ecosphere.
I trotted, yesterday afternoon, inside the saddle of Thunderfoot for my visual spying. Therefore, if one molecule of radiated seeds hits the fresh water supply then a single outcome permanently exists, immediate death of all animals, fields, wildlife, and people. I sigh with anxiety.
I have collected mega tons of data inside a set of over flowing hard copy paper and electronic folders, files, and records, analyzing the crap of sketchy findings, tossing at my brain mentally some kind of math hypothesis for a permanent solution, before I show my homework to Ming. And I have connected and contacted a couple of Farm Administrators at the north, west, and east Farm Ecosphere around me. They report the same funky phenomenon growing around their shields. I sigh with dread.
I have communicated both verbal and electronic means my crappy results to the Hunts-Bama Biosphere Crop Research Department, a fancy name for some smart scientists that told me to “bug off.” I giggle in flute at the farm pun. Really, they’re conducting their own science experiments with a batch of new chemical sterilizing agents to kill the infestation….and probably me. I sigh with trouble.
I’m not a scientist, but they always figure out things, trying to calm my inner emotions, clicking on the Communications Globe. “News.” I stare at the lavender wall, where the news will be shown. My little voices ping. Everything ain’t fine.
The blonde-haired smiling Reporter words, shockingly. “The United Earth Government officials have selected unnamed and unknown candidates for their intergalactic journey to another universe. If they succeed then Earthlings will be moving. So pack your bags and…”
“Off.” I stare at the lavender wall, pondering. If the report is true and if the Earth is dying and sustains no life, then Ming and I need to make some emergency preparations for personnel, animals, and crops. If the food supply vanishes, then man and beast will starve to death, before transferring to another planet in another galaxy.
Wow! This is stuff that you read about in those fun adventure science fiction books. I giggle in piccolo music. Then, I jerk my mind back to reality.
My new goal is to stay and fight the growing poison invading my farm as long as I can then jump ship…(giggles)…jump on the outer space ship, if Earthlings have to re-locate to another world, then they’ll need cotton, corn, potatoes, wheat, soybeans….me. I can be a farmer here…or there. I giggle in flute music. I sigh with preparedness.
I still in my boots and whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Alien…”

horse pasture. purple sky. aqua clouds. pink sun. 125ºF. 3:02pm. Afternoon. I musically whistle with my two finger pads shoved rigidly between my lips, quiet stimulating then jerk my right arm and attached wiggling finger pads in the air like a crazy person, naming. “Thunderfoot over here, boy!” He slowly trots to his name as I gently rub his black forehead and magically produce a red apple. I smile at my pet named from a famous North American Indian mentioned in my American History Book, clarifying. “We gots work to do, boyfriend.” I giggle in trombone, since this is the closest I get to a male companionship on the Farm.
I have raised my pet from a foal, patting and pampering him, so much he’d only response to my voice and whistle, since we are about the same age in…horse years, giggling in tenor trumpet.
He’s old for a stallion, enjoying a good life on my farm, eating sweet oats and barley, running wild on the open green hilltops, measuring 6-feet, 2-inches in height, and 8-feet, 4-inches in length from his wet nose to coarse black tail, covered in fine black silky hair.
The sensory alarms have indicated a broken fence, so I ride like the wind towards the southwestern corner to do both a visual inspection of the fence post and a physical fix if the fence post is broken, since I have alright diagnosed the problem: loose hinge.
The remote mechanical robots are good at detecting a problem, blaring with soft bells and loud whistles, alerting everyone from the bed, but if you type on the computer console inquiring the problem, then the screen displays in yellow words: NOT ENOUGH DATA. Therefore, someone has to volunteer to ride out and survey the damage and repair it. I sigh with toil.
I place the metal bridle inside the horse’s mouth then jump, T-rex inside a nicely tan-colored Western, but worn padded saddle, ordering. “Let’s go this way!” I guide the neck reins to the left, while kicking my booted feet into his big belly.
My stallion shoots off like a hockey puck, clearing a four feet and six inches high wood fence with ease in his perfect jumping form as his black hoofs pounds the red clay like a thunder, flicking softly a twirl of tornado dirt devils into the air, leaving swirls of red mist behind me. My steed is exhilarating to ride. I tightly hold the saddle horn, steadying my body, flowing with the rhythm of my horse's stride, soaring like a dead eagle at a full straight out gallop into the fresh crisp breeze, blowing in my freckled face.
I trust him and he trusts me. That’s the secret of horses.

fence post. 3:32pm. 135ºF. “The hinge! I’m right as usual.” I entertain Thunderfoot like a co-worker as he snips the tender grasslings from the red dirt. I slam the hammer onto the wood as the barbed wire fossilizes into the post with a boom. “Fixed. Another great job of engineering feat by Starra the Farmer,” entitling my person, while twirling the hardware between my finger pads of my right hand like a majorette baton. Then, I feel the thing fall and drop upon a hard toe boot. I quote in bass flute, “Small hand, big hammer…,” giggling in flute music, showing off for Thunderfoot. Beep! Beep! The field Communications Globe flashes red light around the middle of its belly as I command. “Open. What’s up, Ming?”
“I’ll explain when you arrive. How much longer will you be working?” Ming sounds a little miffed along with a touch of nervousness.
“I can leave, now, approximately…,” wrinkling my forehead, ugly and calculate the precise time based on the computer digits in the right hand corner of the globe and math, “…14-minutes and 30-seconds.” I pause for study then inquire with worry.  “What’s wrong, Ming?”
“I’ll see you in 14-minutes and 30-seconds, Starra,” Ming shuts down the transmission from his side as my salt and pepper hair stands upright from neck muscles like a fighting alley cat, then I execute Grandma’s quick mediation lesson, flooding my mind to calm the panic and fear.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I nosily breathe a big gulp of fresh air into my lungs then violently cough, forgetting to close my air hole inside my throat then spit mouth salvia into the air from almost chocking to death for being silly. I stand soldierly and try it again. I smoothly breathe a gulp of fresh air into my lungs then relax and let my 90% of concerns and 75% of worries melt, somewhere. Then, my gut injects. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
I smash my eyelashes open, running, leap, T-rex upon Thunderfoot, since I’m an awesome horse woman. I charge my stead over the steepest green hills and deepest silver streams, using the low tree hanging dangerous shortcut path to Starbuck Plantation, trying to break the 14-minutes, and 30-seconds time limit. My old horse swiftly gallops with his solid footing over each and every obstacle, while Ming isn’t in physical trouble, since his voice sounds only anxious about something…or someone.
I lean into his mane as one being, whispering like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Faster boy to home.” Then I kick at his strong ribs harder as my horse doesn’t rear or hesitate. Thunderfoot pushes his aching muscles to the limit, heading directly for Starbuck Plantation.
After we jump, T-rex over the handmade beautiful Coral rock stone wall along the barn stalls, I pop my body like a spring daisy from a wind resistant position inside the saddle upon the horse’s back, scanning with eyeballs the lawn grounds for Ming. I tiptoe in my boots on the edge of the three-inched stirrups, searching then holler. “Whoa!”
I fall face, first forward, dropping the reins from my hands, and suddenly grabbing a handful of black mane, before smashing my pretty face upon the green grass as the stallion halts, not moving a hoof, until I jump safely to solid ground. His coat is wet sweaty sparkles like a set of black pearls in the warm sunlight. His mouth drips white foam and droplets of water from the exhilaration of flight. “Good boy.” I pet his wet neck as the stable body grabs the reins, holding the brittle for me.
The stable boy clarifies. “I’ll take him, Starra.” Then he rudely finger points at my house and informs. “Someone’s expecting you.” I whip my face towards the Estate House and see nothing as my mental thoughts blast that there’s a strange person visiting my farm for the first time in a century. I sigh with suspicious.
I trot then walk then trot…(long ways to house)…then walk spotting Ming. He is nervously folding his white cap sideways, and bobbing his skull up and down like a pony. He chats with a tall pale face man in a black suit with black hair graying at the temples.
I remove my white cap, letting my smelly long salt and pepper hair drape down my wet back, staring with intense eyeballs at my uninvited guest then recognize with my neurons the un-familiar Logo on his black wool jacket. He is a United North American Government representative, not a Biosphere Official.
“Doctor Starra Starbuck, I presume.” The tall Stranger addresses with his nice manners as I giggle in my new saxophone music at the gentleman. He is very polite and very formal, at the same time, refreshing for the United Earth Government, using my official ecosphere certificate title.

Past Earth History. Year 2123. I finally get that Doctoral degree in computer science as part of the educational requirements for passing the farm certificate, including academic subjects in science, legal law, and advanced mathematics, since the courses can only be taught at the Academic School located in the Hunts-Bama Biosphere. For 11-months, 5-days, 8-hours, 16-minutes, and 34-seconds, I am sent away from my home to study and memorize the required academic subjects on Computer Mainframe Technology, so I can be the Ecosphere Administrator. I live inside a school apartment, alone, never making new friends or socializing with the other academic students, since I cram day and night to complete the formal class work. So, I can return back home to Starbuck Plantation.

Present-day. “Starra. What can I do for you, sir?” I pose crossing biceps across my dirty T-shirt, using the last ounce of my politeness, before I toss this stranger off my Dome on his pale ear.
“Dr. Peter Martin, United Earth Tele Project,” responses in his tenor minus a sweaty hand or a moist business card.
Ming imposes between us. “Starra, I’m going to hose down Thunderfoot. If you need me…shout.” He slips his slender body around the house corner, off of the porch, out of sight, but not out of hearing range. I know Ming and his protective nature, especially, when a certain uninvited guest arrives here as the government employee sweats profusely in his wool black business suit. His perspiration droplets beads on a wide pale forehead, while a pink sun presents 135-degrees Fahrenheit of heat and light on his pale life form. I sigh with hotness.
The cool shaded front porch of my house looks quiet appealing as I glance behind my right shoulder, viewing Ming then view Peter, who’s heated. I smirk like a snake, but I’m moody at entertaining a strange visitor or a polite government official. I silently wait in the hot sunshine and amusingly watch Peter explain his unexpected visit to my farm.
“Dr. Starbuck.” He repeats, smiling.
“Please don’t call me that! My name is Starra.” I insist, grinning.
“Starra,” he starts, again, clearing his throat. “You have been selected to join the Tele Project.” Peter nods his sweaty skull, once then wipes his face with a cloth handkerchief, greeting with a silly grin. “Congratulations!”
“Project?” I whine like I’ve stepped my right cowgirl boot in a pile of fresh cow dookie. I did walking from the cow pasture and probably stunk right up into his nostril.
Peter continues. “The examination administrated to you, the other day, at the…,” reading the mini-globe beside his face. “Hunts-Bama Medical Center Number Five is a test for Tele ability.”
“Tele!” I whine like I’ve stepped my left cowgirl boot in the second pile of fresh cow dookie then mice squeak. “Me?”
“Your test scores received a set of very high marks. You’re very gifted in the metaphysical aptitudes.” Martin voices, and smiles sweetly at me.
I rudely stare and briskly talk with my stilled biceps folded over my T-shirt. “Thank you for the invitation, Dr. Martin. I absolutely can’t accept, sir.” Since, I desire to end this ludicrous conversation.
“Dr. Starbuck, there are six people on the entire planet of Earth that has passed these tests. Six. No more and no less. You are one of them.” He smiles sweetly then boldly lectures. “Your Government needs you, but most importantly mankind needs you. You can understand more than any one else in the galaxy the value of clean air, land, and water for us to survive.” Peter breathes then lectures more. “This project is responsible for sending a team of people to another galaxy to save Earthlings. This mission is not only the highest honor, but your duty as a citizen of United North America and an inhabitant from the planet of Earth.” Martin exhales his bad breathe and smiles with a sweaty lip mustache.
I watch the world news every evening…well…maybe, not every evening, since the Earth news is totally depressing, along with the unfolding Hollywood melodramatic as they replay over and over, again. Earth is dying. I eyeball and measure the continuous deadly radiated funky weeds creeping up to my front door, so I can understand the problem, matter, and issue.
My personal goal isn’t leaving but staying and fighting. Scientists are trained to find new places to live. Pilots are trained to fly in space. I’m trained as a farmer to farm as I prepare my mental speech then blast off and.
I lecture. “Dr. Martin, I’m responsible for 6,178-acres of cows, cotton, and corn,” spreading my arm towards a hilly green pasture and keep going. “I’m the certified Ecosphere Administrator which gives me the right to decline your compassionate heart-warming ‘Save the Earth’ formal invitation. So if you don’t mind, sir, I’m a very busy woman. Good day to you and yours!” I extend a dirty right hand to shake, marking his dismissal, permanently.
“Dr. Starbuck, you leave me, no choice.” He pauses for drama, bowing a face into his chest then whips his chin upright, cutting his eyeball left then to me. “You…have been drafted by the United North American Government to join the Tele Project mission. Your duties as Ecosphere Administrator are suspended, until your return from this very important and urgent Intergalactic outer space trip. They have been temporarily assigned to an associate from an ecosphere in the Western region of the United North America.” Martin twists his skull to the left as I copy-cat his head jerk and stumble backwards my body on boot heels from both fear and fright.
I see two men, the size of body builders, dressed in traditional green Military fatigues, walking towards me, who appear to be twins with brown hair, brown eyes, and brown skin tone. They are 6-feet and 4-inches tall, weighing in at 293-pounds, and13-ounces…(yeah, I guessed). And, I believe a little too big for me to handle by myself, snarling like a dead baby grizzle bear. I sigh with grit.
“Do you take people by force?” I smart-hole while eye burning the soldiers and their real weapons of a hand pistol and a stun baton.
Peter’s eyes cut to one of the military officers, standing at solider attention on his left, playing the mind game on me. “We…do not intimate people, Dr. Starbuck.” I fold my biceps across my T-shirt and mentally dare Peter to act as my sharp mind swiftly twirls for a perfect solution about this sticky situation. Out of the corner of my acute peripheral vision, I see Ming and his sons gathering and huddling at the edge of the porch, near the tulip bed flowers with slender vertical objects. Guns are not permitted by residents living in Biospheres, except for Military personnel.
An Ecosphere is allowed one permit for a single barrel shotgun, but my house contains eight rifles, three hand pistols, and four stun batons, complements of my dead, not breathing Starbuck kinfolk. But I understand Ming and Ming’s protective nature, since his relatives are present, holding deadly weapons, readying for an attack signal from me as I snarl like a dead baby grizzly bear. I sigh with doom.
Under a more lovely normal set of circumstances, I’d forcefully boot with my cowgirl toe the Martin pest away from here, but today is different, because I do not want a fight, much less bloodshed of my closest friends...I mean…family. I sigh with resolution.
I demand. “Dr. Martin, I agree to accept your invitation to participate on the Tele Project mission under one condition. My overseer is declared permanent Farm Dome Administrator in my absence.” I’m not releasing Starbuck Plantation into the hands of a total stranger.
Peter smiles nodding his skull at the solider on the left, instead of me. “Done! We need to leave immediately, Starra.”
I smirk with a crooked set of pink lips, right up to my nostril, thinking mentally first names. Ah! We’re friends, again for our entertaining and memorable, but hopefully short and brief out of state trip into the country.
I swing my body towards the porch and motion with my right hand for Ming to join me inside house, while Peter purposefully waits, roasting his body like a Thanksgiving turkey dinner in the hot sun. I snigger like a dead sly weasel. I sigh with frustration.
Ming greets me on the shaded porch as I reach down and jerk the shotgun from his hands. He demands. “Starra, what’s happening? Where are you going?” I re-set the safety and drop the shotgun on the sofa as we truck up the staircase.
“The government needs me to do some consulting work for them…an honor I cannot refuse,” adding sarcastically with my wickedly evil intentions. “You’re in charge of the Farm. Please, take care of my pets for me. I suggest Maritza and you occupy the estate house to monitor the satellite computers. I’ll be safe, just worry about the farm, not me. I’ll return before harvest.” I stop and turn my body, viewing Ming, who is both my overseer and my friend. His face etches in fatherly hundred-percent worry and concern as I fake my smile, without any lovely animal sounds. I sigh with hope.
“Everything ain’t fine, darling.” I whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings then nod for him to go back to work. I tromp upstairs in cowgirl boots for a bag of soft clothes and to break something made of hard crystal glass against the lavender wall.

wind tunnel. 148ºF. Afternoon. The 3-hours, 2-minutes, and 23-seconds of time inside a wind tunnel trip to the Dall-Tex Military Biosphere is long, boring, and silent as my strong heart is heavy, while my pretty head is light, thinking and focusing about the past events and the future outcomes of my life. I’m doing the right thing, since my farm is in a good pair of hands with Ming, acting as the Administrator. I sigh with rightness.
The only acknowledgement, that other folks are alive and breathing, is an occasional animal grunt from one of two unfriendly Military soldiers, since the car is cramped for four normal adults, not two sumo wrestlers wearing fatigues, a petite girl, and a large military leader of a future space voyage into outer space. I snort like a dead wild boar. I sigh with impossible.
My new boss, Peter looks a little uncomfortable inside the driver’s seat, being a stocky man with large bones, covering 6-feet, 2-inches of pale white skin. Black hair displays gray around the temples, weighing in at 236-pounds and, 8-ounces. He is 49-years, 11-months, 6-days, 18-hours, 9-minutes, and 34-seconds old…(naw, no guessing)…from the official communication pad blasting visually not vocally in rear seat of the moving car in front of my spying eyeballs.
I giggle in flute music which causes the raspberry-colored faced military man to stare point zero five seconds at me then turns away and focuses ahead on the repeating communication pad. There are no side windows inside flying cars only a bright silver cloth lining interior protecting your head from bumps and bruises due to the constant shifting air currents inside the wicked wind tunnel.

Past Earth History. Year 2031. Solar vehicles are manufactured in four types of transportation that list such as car, bus, train, and cargo. A car carries a passenger space for five people and four pieces of luggage since the machine is light weight and travels between 210 to 363 miles-per-hour faster than the bus in the wind tunnel.
A solar bus holds 157-people and storage for 111-crates of supplies with typical four to six compartment for transporting people, equipment, supplies, and livestock and the military uses very large cargo vehicles.

Present-day. Dall-Tex biosphere. green sky. blue clouds. orange sun. 103ºF. 5:05pm. Afternoon. The military building at the Dall-Tex dome is shaped like a perfect square made of white bread as I snort like a dead wild boar since I’m didn’t cook but eat. I sigh with funny.
I step off the dock of the wind tunnel, seeing. The floors are white. The furniture is white. The ceilings are white.
Geez! Everything is white, clean, and shiny medicinal look smelling like medical office as I exhale my bad breathe, remembering I have forgotten my toothbrush.
And, the military dome is a pretty dull picture contrast to the beautiful rainbow colors of green thick lawns, rows of white cotton fields, miles of gold wheat plains, red barns, black stables, silver silos, pastel blue water streams and flowers of red, pink, orange, yellow and purple of my home, Starbuck Plantation. I sigh with homesickness.
“Stop it.” I whisper softly as my forward bodyguards swiftly pivot to me.
I cover my tense anxiety tapping a right muddy boot on the clean white floor leaving a chump of red clay and smiling sweetly. I sigh with annoyance.

Day 1. Tele Training. purple sky. pink clouds. waxing green moon. 97ºF. 5:30pm. Evening. The orange auditorium shapes like a pretty crescent moon over Earth with three sections of bright red chairs that holds four males plus four females…(eight people on the floor)…and two people at podium.
Martin joins the people on stage making it three as I snail-walk to the farther empty chair on purpose and hopeful wish for a science fiction entertainment movie. I snort like a dead wild boar. I sigh with dread.
Then, I sober seriously plotting my short payback for Martin’s kidnapping and blackmailing scheme as I snarl like a baby grizzly bear. I sigh with revenge.
The cute silver miniature communications globe hovers by my empty chair as Peter cheerily talks and smiles brightly. “Greetings and congratulations! Welcome to the United Earth Tele Project. We lucky people have been selected to journey to another galaxy and find a new planet for Earthlings.
“For my scientific friends, who rely on Earth time stats that measure seconds, minutes, hours, days, months, and years in terms of completing a project the Tele mission, will be no different here. This is Day 1 of Tele training for our new Tele astronauts. We’ll spend the next one-month, 17-days, 9-hours, 30-minutes, and 5-seconds training until the launch time for our take off from the Dall-Tex landing pad on the planet of Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy traveling through space and time to another galaxy and our new home for Earthlings.
“Now, I’d like to introduce the Tele team members to each other….” Peter continues, without breathing air.
I scan my skull around the room inspecting the lucky boys and girls. Each candidate is alert, intense, and paying attention with eyeballs and eardrums and stupid eagerness to meet the dumb challenge and face a most certain death. I sigh with doom.
The woman on my left quickly stands from her padded chair and wears a yellow silk pants suit of 5 feet, and 6 inches weighing in at 112 pounds and 4 ounces, blonde hair, pale skin, and blue eyes, single, 21 years, 4 months, 3 days, 8 hours, 14 minutes, and 9 seconds old…(data on globe).
Peter smiles. “Mademoiselle Gigi Flaubert is from the French Dome in United Europe. She is our linguistics expert for the mission. She speaks nine dialects.”
I tap the mini-globe for a more nosy answer and then softly whisper, while breathing. “Translator, she could be useful.”
Peter nods and smiles, happily. “Each member is assigned a primary position on this mission, which you have studied and trained in your life-time careers. Because of the shorten mission, a secondary backup will be given to each one of you to ensure our safety and completion of this vitally important trip. Mademoiselle Flaubert is the backup medical aide. She has limited experience in the medical field and will be receiving more clinical education during our formal training program.” Martin pauses for air then rudely finger points at nothing…I mean…the man next to Gigi.
“The primary medical position is Dr. Mohammed Saudi. He resides in the United Middle East biosphere.” The physician wears a blue laboratory coat and matching slacks and talls at 5 feet, and 8 inches weighing in at 189 pounds and 3 ounces, brown skin, brown eyes, black hair, and is 42 years, 9 months, 25 days, 2 hours, 39 minutes, and 4 seconds old and married as Peter entitles with a sweet grin. “He is our backup biologist, chemist, and botanist.”
I mutter quietly. “Physician, he could be useful.”
“I’m very pleased to announce a true metaphysical master will be joining our mission. Mrs. Lulu Smith is from the United North American Government in the North Ohio Biosphere region. She has been practicing her craft for 51 years, 2 months, 6 days, 12 hours, 11 minutes, and 3 seconds. Her psychic experience and private instruction will be very valuable to us during our training sessions. Her secondary backup is a favorite past time with the Tele staff members and myself. Mrs. Smith has been preparing wonderful gourmet meals for us since her arrival.” Peter smiles.
The Queen-sized woman is 4 feet, and 11 inches, weighing in at 162 pounds and 10 ounces and is 62 years, 8 months, 2 days, 2 hours, 18 minutes, and 4 seconds old with pure snow white hair, a pink skin tone, green eyes, and a widower.
I giggle in clarinet and whisper. “Cook and useless.”
“Reverend Kenya Tanzania hales from the Congo Dome in the United Africa region.” Peter says. Tanzania wears his blue pin stripped business tailored suit complimenting his black skin, brown eyes, black hair, and is 45 years, 11 months, 1 day 8 hours, 38 minutes, and 45 seconds old and divorced. Tanzania is 6 feet, and 3 inches weighing in at 220 pounds and 9 ounces. Peter explains. “He’ll be analyzing the economical and financially markets on our new planet and for his secondary position represents our mission’s spiritual leader.”
I utter simply. “Preacher and useless.”
“Natasha Karsarina is welcomed from the United Asia Government.” Martin says. A tall woman with long red hair, bronze skin, copper eyes, muscular arms, and legs wears a white jumpsuit trimmings in animal fur. She lifts the long rifle to her right shoulder and slowly stands displaying a knife handle on left hip holster and numerous stun darts across the front of her utility belt. Natasha is single, and 33 years, 2 months, 29 days, 8 hours, 37 minutes, and 43 seconds old at 5 feet, and 9 inches weighing in at 134 pounds, and 8 ounces.
“I prefer to be addressed as ‘Huntress’,” her husky alto timber rumbles into the quiet room.
“Of course, Huntress,” Martin nods. “Huntress will track and kill any predators for their skins and meats. She’ll be providing us food once we reach the new planet. Her secondary position is just as impressive. She is trained in all weapons, hand to hand fighting techniques, and explosives in case we find ourselves in trouble.”
I smirk with a crooked set of lips, right and whisper amusingly. “Commando and very useful.”
“I want to introduce the young man who will fly the old space shuttle Captain Jim Harris.” Peter motions. Jim swiftly stands and salutes smartly at us with two finger pads while Peter says. “He’s also our certified mechanic on this mission.” Jim wears a black jumpsuit and measures at 5 feet, and 8 inches weighing in at 168 pounds and 5 ounces and is 35 years, 3 months, 29 days, 3 hours, 19 minutes, and 33 seconds old, blonde hair, blue eyes, and a peachy-beige skin tone. He’s engaged to Sally.
I whisper softly. “Pilot and very, very useful.”
“Major Juan Cervantes is co-pilot and engineer. They both are from this military dome Dall-Tex.” Martin says. Cervantes sits comfortably with a head nod wearing a black fitted jumpsuit with his first name engraved on the left side in gold fabric threaded letters. He has black hair, brown eyes, brown skin, and is 30 years, 5 months, 18 days, 5 hours, 26 minutes, and 16 seconds old and 5 feet and 5 inches weighing in at 127 pounds, and 2 ounces, and married.
“Martin, I’m from the United South America Biosphere. I’ve been temporarily assigned to this dome to ensure the success of the Tele mission...and return the team members home to Earth.” Cervantes laughs.
“Thanks for correcting me, Major Cervantes.” Martin nods.
I grumble nosily. “Trouble and very, very useless.”
“We come to our last Tele astronaut, but, not in my opinion, the least of our talented Tele astronauts.” Peter smiles and looks at me. I quickly scan the clowns then Peter names. “Dr. Starra Starbuck! Please, stand Starra and move closer towards the middle seats so your fellow Teles can get a good look you. Dr. Starbuck is an Ecosphere Administrator in the United North American Government. Her specialties include agricultural cultivation of soil, producing crops, and raising livestock.” He motions. I slowly stand in stunned shock and total embarrassment moving into the middle of the aisle with eyeballs absorbing my dirty cowgirl boots and faded jeans. I grin, without showing any teeth.
“She’s a farmer. Why do we need her? You said Huntress was going to feed us.” Cervantes fingers at Natasha as I stand with a bright red face. I sigh with shame.
I made my first mistake insulting Martin’s authority and not believing in this phantom Tele mission. My second error was being personally escorted by a pair of military soldiers to the orange auditorium dressed in my faded blue jeans and worn cowgirl boots dropping red clay dirt over the clean white floor. My third mistake was letting a foul loud mouth military officer criticize my career choice.
Cervantes is correct that they don’t need me, since I don’t wanna be, here, either. But, Grandma Starbuck had taught me to stand up for my rights and be proud of my farm career.
I rudely thumb my folded fist towards Natasha behind my left shoulder, calling. “She kills the animal. I tell ya if you can eat it, Major.” I plop down into the nearest padded chair as many pair of hands clap loudly. I sigh with arrogance.
A nameless face hollers in the quiet auditorium. “She told you, Cervantes,” plus hand claps then light whistles for my weird intro. I giggle with a girly twang.
Peter tosses both hands, yelling. “People! Please, people your attention. Starra has clarified her role in Tele mission. I have additional instructions to conclude the evening session.”
I flip my face to my new pet, the hovering mini-communication globe while diving into Major Cervantes’ electronic file, noting. He is married to Marta, who can’t be on our first Intergalactic outer space trip. I sigh with suspicion.
“The communications globe details your suite number and training schedule. This concludes your first day of Tele training. The rest of the evening belongs to you until tomorrow at six in the morning. Please be prompt. Dismissed, Tele astronauts!” Martin finishes. I shake my bangs of salt and pepper hair falling within my eyeballs and follow obediently the flying globe to my assigned suite on the fourth floor.

apartment. pink clouds. white moon. brown sky. 7:00pm. Evening. I sadly scan my new home that shows two rooms with a separate kitchenette and bathroom and a large space composed of the Living-room holding a sofa, two lounge chairs, and four glass end tables. The newly clean shiny glass horizontal window covers three walls and shows a speculator view of surrounding landscape highlighting the grounded ancient white space shuttle. I sigh with dread.
I scout adventurously and discover that the tall refrigerator has food, snacks, and beverages along with the cabinets that hold dishes, pots, pans, and utensils made of steel then conclude. “I think they planned on me staying awhile.” The mini-globe circles around with me and doesn’t laugh at my funny jab while its always serious about the VIP Tele mission into outer space.
More adventurous scouting has uncovered the bedroom closet with bath linens, bed blankets, head pillows, and a new body wardrobe. Many one-piece cotton jumpsuits are colored in midnight black with a gold embossed lettering on the left shoulder, spelling: PAMI1.
I plop down into the soft cushy and conforming white chair with my tired petite bones. I long to contact Ming. I will give it one more day. I close my eyelashes and rest my skull. I sigh with intrigue.
The mini-globe hovers and poses with a set of soft tings of flute music beside my chair not beeping or growling at me since some of them have very nasty computer personalities but this particular sphere contains the details of the Tele mission, Tele training schedule agenda, and Tele orders for tomorrow along with the rest of my tour of duty at the Dall-Tex military dome. I sigh with imprisonment.
“Not tonight, darling I have a headache.” I softly tease it then fall asleep curled up a like a kitten in my comfortable chair.

Day 2. Tele Training. auditorium. gold sky. brown clouds. pink sun. 97ºF. Morning. The new and proud Tele team crew members gather like a team of bumblebees near the open doors in their one-piece black jumpsuit for Tele training as I snort like a dead wild boar moving passed them then I hear in my left eardrum.
Cervantes shouts to someone. “Hey, Pamy.” Then unfamiliar five finger pads attack my left collar bone halting my entrance through the archway. I neck snap my curls at Cervantes then snarl like a dead baby grizzle bear as he violently laughs then leans into my freckles. “Beauty sleep makes ya beauty and happy, Pamy.”
“What?” I smart-hole looking at his five fingers on my new black jumpsuit. He doesn’t touch me but hovers and swishes his right index finger over my golden threads of letters on the left side of my new Tele uniform. I view his wiggling fingers reading the bright gold words, PAMI1.
“Pamy is no bamy. Are ya not a mamy, but, maybe a zamy?” Cervantes play rhymes with his words poorly then chuckles along with the other Tele-mates on the outer space trip.
“What?” I smart-hole while staring a set of invisible fire balls into his face that doesn’t explode into yellow fire and gray ashes. I sigh with failure.
Gigi fingers golden threads, giggling. “I am PI from the individual letters of P and I.”
“AI…is my new name.” Lulu chuckles, fingering her gold letters.
Saudi grins. “MI.”
“MIA! But, that doesn’t mean that I’m a girl. Right? Since, that’s a female name. I am not a female…,” Kenya frowns while the Teles snort and giggle in abused wounded animal sounds.
I eye roll and swing towards the auditorium, whispering like delicate butterfly’s wings. “MIA, missing in action. I wish I could so…bad.” Then, I stomp my cowgirl boots towards the rear of the room in the last row, corner seat, alone. I sigh with boredom.
“This program is called the Tele Project. We are identified as Tele astronauts each with special talents, and assignments. Yesterday, I briefed you on your primary responsibility and backup position. I must say you look like a polished Tele team already with the new clothing issued to you for the remainder of the mission.” Peter smiles, blowing out my ear wax with the loud microphone.
“The black jumpsuit is designed for your body form and your comfort. You might have noticed markings on the upper left side of your uniform which is entirely different from your fellow Tele astronauts. These are not your initials or nicknames but I guess some of the letters might form a new type of cat call...if you dare utilize it.” Peter pauses looking upside at his letters as the Teles giggle and snort in union.
He nosily clears his throat. “The letters represent a Tele specialty and estimated range which is based on your dominate Tele talent. Miss Lulu shows two individual letters, A and I, where the letter, A represents Miss Lulu’s highest level of clairvoyance. The other letter, I is her second favored degree of Telekinesis. The range of each Tele is measured in numerical degrees from one to three. One denotes the highest level. Are there any questions so far? You’re welcome to interrupt me at any time.” No Tele bothers to comment, because they are too serious and too eager to serve their country or…something.
He lectures. “Tele abilities are classified as Telepathy denotes as the letter, P. Telekinesis represents by the letter, I. Teleclairvoyance depicts as the letter, A, and Telemetabolics symbolizes as the letter, M. Telepathy or mind reading, thought reading, and mind guard conditioning are the means of communicating to humans or animals in a non-traditional method other than verbally, visually or auditory.” Martin fingers at Lulu, who raises her arm into the air.
Lulu shows the object, smiling. “I have a new batch of tarot cards. Do you want me to use them for the Tele mission?”
“We’re not going to read tarot cards to determine the mission’s fate.” Peter shakes his skull. “Telekinesis or levitation is the ability to move objects small, medium, large, extra large, and extra, extra large coming from point A and going to point B, without interruption.” He reads his notes then face flips to us. “Teleclairvoyance or precognition, post cognition, and object reading are the abilities to perceive people, places, objects or events that are not present at the moment but will be in the future.” He breathes then continues. “Telemetabolics is a healing and body manipulation which is the rare ability to cure or mend a wound, sore or other physical aliment or condition on a human or an animal to its original healthy state.
“Each person on this team possesses some of degree of the four named talents. The numbers etched on your suit are a guide for me your evaluator. I’ll be assessing and appraising your performance throughout this training session not for a grade but for better management of the program and success of the flight.
“The morning classes are strictly academic in nature ranging from courses of mathematics, chemistry, economics, biological, foreign languages, first aid, Earth history, computer programming, martial arts, weaponry, and combat training. I’ve talked enough. Time for your first class! We’ll meet here after lunch for the first round of Tele tests. Dismissed!” Martin wiggles his fingers at us to jump out of the way…naw…go to Tele school. I snigger like a dead sly weasel. I sigh with nonsense.
My first official Tele academic class is entitled “Alien Protocol.” A nameless face of one of the stupid Tele students, who I can’t see, since I sit, alone, in the last row. He asks. “Is this class for us or the inhabitants of the new planet we will be invading?”
“Since, Earth people are destined to visit a new star system for the first time in history the United Earth Government has created a guide book with rules and regulations for aliens meaning you the Tele astronauts.” A nameless speaker smiles like an old grandpa.
“I’m the alien.” A nameless face of one of the stupid Tele students says, not funny, since no one giggles.
“Reading material and class questions were posted in the mini-communication globe for review last night.” A same nameless speaker reviews his notes.
Aliens are little green life forms in the old television programs on the communications globe at my home. I enjoyed watching the silly programs as a cute child and pretty teen. I mentally conclude, since I’m smart enough, not to vocal out loud, I am an alien. I giggle in flute music. I sigh with alien.
A same nameless speaker smiled. “Good morning! Welcome to Alien Protocol class. I am Dr. Stan Webb. Before, we begin our assignments, I have updated information from the United Earth Tele Project headquarters. The unknown planet has a name, Vor. The word is from German mythology which represents ‘the goddess from whom nothing could be hidden.’ It sounds very appropriate for our study assignment, today.
“Vor was discovered 35-years, 2-months, 30-days, 9-hours, 21-minutes, and 17-seconds. And, yes! I like using my math numbers. Vor was discovered by a team of scientists using the most powerful telescope on Earth during a routine sweep for exploding stars, comets, asteroids, and black holes. At the time, it was a faint speck glowing with particles of X-rays, radio waves, and gamma rays. It wasn’t the black hole the scientists were seeking. So, they concluded it was a mystery and closed the files.
“Around the year 2060, a team of scientists reported to the United Earth Government that the planet of Earth was slowly being poisoned from continuous radiation fallout, since 2028. It can only sustain life for another 20 years, 8 months, 22 days, 4 hours, 55 minutes, and 10 seconds.
“Our enclosed protected superstructure silicon based glass domes cannot hold off the radiated infestations from the exposed earth non-fertile soil. The seeds are seeping underground to the sewer systems and water supplies. I can update with the sad news that inside the United South American two land domes have succumbed to radiation infiltration. The environmental attack was slow and subtle causing people, and wildlife to die within 5 months, 29 days, 12 hours, 2 minutes, and 45 seconds.”
My huge heart sinks like the Titanic luxury ship in the ice cold Arctic Ocean as my stomach pit painfully arches and invades my tight esophagus, since my weird math result is correct. Starbuck Plantation is being invaded by the funky radiated seeds with its deadly killing poisons. I gather and hold the wet tears of sadness and fright.
Webb lectures. “The separate United Governments have ordered all scientific data to be analyzed and re-analyzed to find a solution to the world’s growing deadly problem. Lots of recommendation have been suggested, dig trenches around the existing land domes, use chemical acids to kill the poisoned seeds, build a sky city in the atmosphere, build a space station above the orbit of Earth or build a moon base. The best suggestion is to re-location but where in the sky? On the moon? Or in the heavens? A few years ago, another mysterious picture of Earth year 2013 was discovered and with the assistance of hi-tech advanced magnified image enhancements, it revealed a wormhole. A single stable and predictable wormhole, containing an  opening, occurs precisely, every one hour, eighteen-minutes, and nine-seconds.” He fingers the electronic black board.
“The amazing part, the photos show, verify, and confirm an oxygen-hydrogen correct proportionally breathable planet which is located on the other side of the wormhole. The planet is capable of maintaining life that we, Earthlings are calling Vor.” Webb sips water.
“Wormholes are unstable rips in outer space which is usually composed a hollow tunnel connecting two complete universes. The Milky Way Galaxy does not contain a wormhole that we can find. The wormhole of  Vor is located at the half-way point between the Andromeda Galaxy and the Milky Way Galaxy, which is slightly north by northwest of us.
“Andromeda Galaxy lies 2.2-million light years away from Earth. This makes the wormhole calculation close to 1.1-million light years of space travel.” Webb points at the raised hand with the wiggling finger pads.
A nameless face asks. “How long will it take us to reach the planet of Vor?”
“A light year is a measure of distance, not time. The distance light can travel is 186,282-miles-per-second. In a standard Earth year of 365-days, a single ray of sunlight travels 5.87-trillion-miles. In terms of Earth time, we would travel 4-days, 2-hours, 36-minutes, and 41-seconds to reach the Sun. Pluto is the farthest planet in our solar system which is 3.66-billion-miles from the Sun which would take a Plutonian 23-days, 7-hours, 17-minutes, and 51-seconds to reach the Sun.” Webb smiles, nodding.
“There’s no life on Pluto.” A nameless face laughs with the other Tele-mates.
“I was wondering, if my audience was asleep.” Webb smiles. “We are 89.2-billion-miles from Pluto, so it would take us 19-days, 21-hours, 38-minutes, and 12-seconds of Earth time to land there.”
A visible hand raises. “I’d like to re-phase my question. How many miles to Vor?”
Dr. Webb types onto his computer at the podium as the math number of 6,457,344,709,491,285-miles appear on the electronic black board in red letters. Jim leans his face across my empty aisle and whispers softly. “I wish my bank account had these numbers.” He and I giggle in flute and trumpet music.
“If my calculations are correct 3,600-seconds-per-day, 86,400-seconds in a year based on 365-days, you would travel 16,094,764,800-miles-per-day. This would be 401,186,353-Earth days to reach the worm hole which translates mathematically into 1,099,141-years or 1.1-million light-years. In theory, of course, since, no one has even traveled passed the lunar moon.” Webb smiles with hand claps and lip whistles.
Webb tosses both hands. “Putting the math theory to the side and to answer our Tele student’s question with our new transportation system, the Tele-staff is estimating one-hour, five-minutes, and six-seconds to venture 1.1-million light-years to the new planet, Vor.”
“All right! Let’s finish training and go par-tee har-tee!” A nameless face voices along with giggles.
“Jet to the new planet of Vor and back home to the old planet of Earth for dinner with a bunch of rocks. Then, Earth-people pack your bags and move to our new home. Easy peasy with vanilla pudding!” A second nameless face chuckles.
I wildly wave my hand, without the wiggle fingers, asking for the other slo-mo Tele-students. “What are the side effects of cryonic suspension for human transport?”
“I don’t know.” Webb views the seating chart then me. “Starra! Why is this relevant, here?” He wrinkles his forehead, ugly and stares a burnt hole through my jumpsuit.
I nod. “I was curious about the physical condition of the crew during takeoff and landing. Heaven forbid! If one of us doesn’t revive after landing on Vor, what happens?”
“The Tele medical staff has assured me that all crew members are healthy and fit for duty. I don’t think no one will need to be revived unless they faint in the space shuttle cabin during takeoff.” Webb chuckles.
“We’re expected to be conscious the entire journey. I don’t understand, Dr. Webb.” I frown.
Webb smiles, nodding. “Ah! I’m beginning to understand. You didn’t read the Alien Protocol handbook. Did you, Starra?”
Skulls of Tele-student whiplash around their bodies to me, while my eyelashes slant sideways to the right looking for that creepy brown cockroach. I quickly eyewitness it crawling up the wall corner then stutter really well in piccolo music. “Time…tight…”
Clearing nosily his throat, Peter swiftly stands and boldly rumbles in bass tuba at me. “I’ll give you the ‘Reader’s Digest Version’ tale, Dr. Starbuck.” I still search for that cockroach while my eardrums listen. Peter lectures. “The mission will use Telekinesis energy to guide the space shuttle to Vor. You and the other Tele astronauts present in this lecture hall are the source of power. Captain Harris and co-pilot Major Cervantes will fly and navigate the shuttle and land us safely on the new planet. We’ll stay 3-hours, 47-minutes, and 16-seconds in Earth time while collecting specimens, analyzing data, and recording natural phenomenon. Then, we return through the wormhole back to Earth. The entire voyage will be 8-hours, 34-minutes, and 32-seconds of your precious time, Dr. Starbuck. After the Tele mission, everyone goes back home to their respective biospheres.” Peter sits down, while I cannot find that pesky cockroach. Then, I rub my face with both my hands. I sigh with embarrassment.
Webb smiles, nodding. “Tomorrow morning, we’ll discuss the planet’s gravity, rotation patterns, diameter, and other pertinent statistics for your outer space trip.”

gym. green sky. blue clouds. aqua sun. 112°F. 1:14pm. Afternoon. We transport by train to Tele Training Building Five, a seven-story building outside and a clean white tower, without a distressed princess hanging out the balcony. The interior is the size of three athletic sporting arenas with a set of partitions that equals eight-prison cells along a narrow hallway.
My white prison cell is number-six with three bare walls measuring 82-feet and 7-inches from floor to ceiling and a width of 38-feet and 4-inches. The depth is 22-feet and 6-inches…(yeah, Peter told me). The ceiling holds a skylight that allows some natural aqua funky sunlight to filter into the enclosed dark room. An ancient Cherry wooden Grandfather clock accurately displays the current time 1:14 in afternoon.
Peter adjusts the microphone on the viewing platform from the seventh floor tower, smiling. “Good afternoon, Tele astronauts!”
“I wish he wasn’t so dang happy all the freaking time about this stupid mission.” I grumble softly.
“Do you have a comment, Dr. Starbuck?” Peter smiles. I learn too late about the great acoustics hypersensitive inside my prison cell. I sigh with embarrassment.
“No, just nerves!” I honestly lie, flipping my body from the spying view portal.
Peter chuckles with the echo blasting the plaster of my prison cell. “The primary reason for conducting Tele test sessions to calm your fears and frustrations before the actual flight…” He pauses, “Dr. Starbuck.” Okay. His lecture is for me. I nod my curls in permanent silence. I sigh with annoyance.
Peter instructs. “Your first task is to suspend the moving pendulum inside the Grandfather clock as long as possible. I’m going to measure and evaluate your performance of time and endurance. This is a basis skill of your powers Telekinesis. Are there any questions?” He claps then orders. “Breathe in and out. Relax.” He pauses. I refuse to play. “Concentrate. Breathe in and out again.” He repeats. I obey needing oxygen to live. “Breathe in and out deeper. Begin.”
I stand soldierly with my arms hanging to my kneecaps and eye burn the clock and amusingly watch the pendulum swing side to side tick-tocking the seconds of silence in my cell while I concentrate and get nothing. The shiny gold pendulum merrily dances to its own song. I sigh with frustration.
“I can do this. I think and…” muttering to my sucky Tele talents, then pronounce staccato-style. “Con..cen..trate.” I present duck lips, ugly and execute Grandma’s mediation thingy, since I am really peeved and frustrated with Peter, the mission, and the clock.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I involuntarily visualize the last image within my eyeballs, a Grandfather clock. Then, I  mentally connect, link, and Tele to something…really weird. Move the clock! Stop the pendulum! Move the clock! Stop the pendulum! Move the clock! Stop the pendulum!
“Outstanding, Starra. I suggest opening your eyes.” Martin says above my portal.
I stare at the naked wall, then jerk my chin at the naked floor, then chin whip my face up towards the skylight, and drop my jaw line. I cannot believe my gray eyes, seeing. The pendulum has stopped. And, the clock levitates at 22-feet and 11-inches magically like magic. I grin goofy.
“How do you feel, Starra?” Peter inquires.
“I...feel...fine…and…,” answering in slo mo, not daring to break my Tele hold on the clock in the air above my precious skull and brilliant neurons.
“Do you feel tired, drained or weak?” Peter ask his pop quiz questions.
“No….,” singing in my soft flute music. I stare at the Grandfather clock.
“Can you lower the clock without damaging it?” Peter orders as the clock gently floats like a butterfly onto the floor. Tap! Then, hand claps invade my ears, seeing the Tele-students surround Peter inside the portal over my skull for my fantastic Tele-accomplishment. I sigh with pride.

mess hall. green sky. blue clouds. waxing pink moon. 84°F. 6:02pm. Evening. During dinner, Peter smiles. “I’m very pleased with the outcomes. The longest hold time for a Telekinesis power is 23-minutes and 35-seconds. The shortest is 5-minutes and 2-seconds. A round of very good performances for a first try with more practice each one of you will be accomplishing a mark of 25-minutes or…longer. We’re off to a good start with our Tele training.” He taps the table with his fist for satisfaction.
“My task lasted 23-minutes and 35-seconds.” I repeat with a stupid expression then really tattle, “…like three-seconds to me.” I bite hardy into the single salty white fish from a western dome then swiftly spit the dookie back onto my plate, not being taught by Grandma Starbuck. I clean my tongue with the napkin and drink some water restoring good taste buddies.
Peter views me. “That is an interesting observation, Starra.” His mini-me globe plots a path to me, recording both our audio and verbal disgusting table manners.
I cut my eyeballs to the right and stare down the cold metal, dictating deadly. “Get away from me! Or, I’ll disassembly your a…,” the sphere flees protectively behind Peter’s back dancing over the floor.
“Pamy needs a nap.” Kenya chuckles then shoves a big piece of salty fish into his mouth then chews with a yummy hum.
“Starra…,” correcting my real name with the funny fake one while presenting a set of dead pan straight pin lips at Kenya.
Martin decides to educate us, instead of eating his dinner. “People, this is a new field. We are testing Tele-abilities and limits. Historical studies have shown that tapping the natural energies of the mind is exhausting. Each one of you will tax his or her capabilities beyond the normal Tele-realm during our training sessions. It is the only method to strengthen your Tele-talents making this mission successful. I’m here to evaluate these limits. You’ll experience a type of Tele-backlash, also. It could be in the form of physical drainage, weak thoughts or hunger binges. To battle this phenomenon, remember to eat, rest, mediate, and practice your breathing exercises. Lessons concluded. Dismissed!”

Day 5. Bedroom. yellow sky. purple clouds. blue sun. black rain. 88°F. Morning. Sunday morning. A day of rest, while the mini-globe circles me like an attacking band of wild Indians. Beep! Beep! Beep! Beeee…
I violently slam the free standing night stand lamp against the round metal using my deadly Tele power of Telekinesis killing the annoying beast. Then, I swiftly drop my face into the soft pillow.
The mini-globe coughs with Peter’s tenor. “Time for evaluation, Starra.” I can’t see Peter, but he doesn’t seem to mind and apologies. “I am sorry to interrupt your beauty sleep, but I have an assessment form to complete. Could you please be in my office in 14-minutes and 37-seconds?”
I whine like I’ve stepped my right naked toes into kitten dookie. “Great! Duty calls.” I roll sideways out the warm bedding. I find a dirty jumpsuit with my wickedly intentions of bad BO, snarling like a dead baby grizzly bear. I pad out the archway of my prison room.

Peter’s office. “As a certified Ecosphere Administrator, I’m required to pass a government test to retain my title, each year. The comprehensive exam includes, but is not limited to mathematics, science, language, First Aid, Earth history, and computer programming. I always score in the 90-percentile range. You can verify those grades with the United North American Government database located in the Hunts-Bama Biosphere. Therefore, my academic skills are honed and polished. I do not feel that additional class time is required for me. I should be excused.” I execute the axe on the royal prince kneeing before the guillotine, smiling full of my bull dookie, as well as, stinking up his private office with my bad BO.
Try and top that one. I connect, link, and Tele to Peter’s closed mental mind.
“I can try and top that one, Starra.” Peter smiles. I present a set of dead pan straight pin lips, since I transmitted my Tele words into his mind. He has caught them, nodding. “I agree with your academic assessment. However, raising 42-heavy clocks, 4-empty book shelves, and 8-pieces of Living-room furniture for an average total height of 73-feet and 8-inches into the air is not a magnificent Telekinesis skill. It is minor on the total scale,” pausing. “I will remind that our mission is to raise the old space shuttle off the ground and out of Earth’s atmosphere with only Telekinesis power of six people and travel out of our Milky Way Galaxy through a wormhole to another planet in another galaxy and establish a new base for Earthlings.” He breathes for air. “That is called Vor.”
I close my eyelashes and jerk my chin to the wall corner looking for the cockroach. I know that stuff and wish to use my mediocre Telepathic skills on his mutated brain. I sigh with frustration.
He continues. “You’re exempt from your academic classes, except for first-aid. I’ll substitute those academic courses for something that compliments your extensive background. Telekinesis tests will continue. Believe me! They will become more difficult, Dr. Starbuck. This week, the Tele team will begin lessons in combat training.” I cannot find the brown cockroach. Peter stands, motioning me for dismissal. I sigh with dissatisfaction.

Day 8. mediation room. red sky. pink clouds. yellow sun. 90°F. 8:05am. Morning. Breakfast, roll call, and a new class call Mediation as I sit painfully upon the soft carpet in a cross-legged pose with my open palms, breathing into my lungs the warm re-circulated air. Lulu heads the class, practicing the application of the Tele power called Teleclairvoyance (seeing past, present, or future events of people, places, things, objects or….whatever mentally hits your neurons, baby). I yawn, showing my brushed white teeth.
The breathing exercise lasts for 2-hours, 22-minutes, and 10-seconds. Lulu whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings in the super quiet room almost dark warm room. “Does anyone want to share their vision?” She smiles. “You don’t have to be shy.”
Huntress violently punches my right rib cage as I jump, kitten-like from my bee_hind a half-inch in the air. I grab my aching ribs with both hands, while the Commando grins with an evil smile at me. I innocently fell asleep, sometime between breathe six and seven.
I have slept peacefully for 2-hours, 22-minutes and 3-seconds or maybe, 4-seconds, feeling fresh and new. I snigger like a dead sly weasel. I sigh with joy.
Lulu comments. “If there are no visions, maybe, next time, we’ll end our session.” She stands as I copy-cat her pose.
We exit out the dark room. I note Jim lingering by the door frame as my fellow Tele mates nosily pace to their morning academic classes. I am exempt, grinning with a devious smile. I giggle in flute music. I sigh with satisfaction.
“Are you Starbuck?” Jim reads the mini-globe screen blocking my footpad.
“Maybe!?” I sing in my new deadly baritone music, frowning at him.
“Martin has approved you as my new mission specialist on the space shuttle.” Jim smiles sweetly as an emotional puzzlement floods my freckled face. He notices immediately. “That means, ya get to help load all the gear into the cargo bay…until…,” allowing the words to linger as my Tele mates laugh with bitter amusement.

space shuttle. purple sky. orange clouds. gold sun. 119°F. 3:07pm. Afternoon. Jim  fingers the next object then wipes his dirty hands onto a more dirty jumpsuit. “Lift number-four and place it in the corner, over there.” Clank! The fourth-terrain tractor swiftly flies and nosily lands in pre-selected slot by finger design. Jim yells at pretty little me. “Be careful! These vehicles are fragile and represent our only transport to explore our new home Vor.” He pauses, viewing me. I luxuriously lounge in the long chair, then Jim says. “I’m sorry. Are you tired? Do you need a break from...er...lifting, Starra?”
I eye roll then nosily flip flop my body left inside the fabric yellow duck-patterned lounge chair with irate and mad eternal feeling that will never purge from my neurons. But, I have got to give credit, where credit is due. Peter is a dang cunning live fox and a devious Tele master, finding me a more suitable substitution for my academic class assignments.
My new assignment is to lift each piece of bag, crate, tub, box, carton, container, and specimen jar of materials including the light, medium, and heavy equipment items into the cargo bay of the grounded space shuttle using my Tele power of Telekinesis. By the way, Jim informs that there are 5,874-pieces to load before our launch date. I sigh with drudgery.
I levitate the pink lemonade glass to my left hand from the side table then nosily sip the cold liquid to pink-painted lips. “I’m refreshed. What piece of equipment is next?”
Jim wipes sweat from his forehead. “We can do something different for a while. How about a tour of the space shuttle, Pamy?” I eye roll then slowly stand following Jim. He fingers the dark pit of the space shuttle called, a storage area. I have loaded all morning numerous miniature terrain vehicles, wagons, solar bikes, and other useless equipment providing my opine opinion.
We shuffle one at a time into the interior green-colored coded storage compartment for boxes of medical, laboratory, food supplies, and weapons, then enter a yellow-colored coded deeper interior compartment. I feel dizzy bending and stooping between the low hatchways in the small and cramped ship as the good captain sings with his long winded lecture. I sigh with languor.
“Stacked living quarters and bathroom stalls for little boys and little girls,” chuckling. “And, personal lockers for your space gear. Finally…”
“Finally!?” I sing in piccolo music.
Jim stops walking and swings his body at me blocking my path. “Did you say something, Starra?”
I smile and tattle tale, “….the last leg of our glorious tour, the cockpit.” He grins.
I swiftly read his open mind like a new science fiction book, using my Tele power of Telepathy by accident, of course. Then, I repeated his mental words that suddenly were on the tip of my tongue like magic, of course.
Jim nods. “I was about to same those same exact words in that exact sentence on the tip of my tongue.” He twists his body around, “….the last leg of our glorious tour, the cockpit.”
I stand soldierly in the short hatchway and eyeball the cramped space with lots of silver, gold, and black buttons, and switches, commenting for annoyance. “The cockpit…lots of ...instruments. Right?”
Jim taps the empty seat. “Sit in my chair, Starra.”
“Okay.” I sing in flute music and jump, kitten-like into the left chair, quickly scanning numerous dials, switches, and red numbers above the shuttle’s control panel.
This console is more complicated than solar bikes and cars, even my radio-control solar train. I admit the console’s instrument configuration on this massive outer space ship is too complex for my little fragile brain cells to comprehend. Jim direct points to each knob while explaining the function and range.
I’m bored out of my mind. But, there’s nothing else to do, except go back to the cargo bay and load more pieces of useless equipment.
I listen with my eardrums then smash my lips with some nouns, occasionally. “Fuel. Pressure. Altitude. Latitude. Oxygen.”
Jim stands and holds with both hands the green lever. “There are two air pressure shields.” That vocal statement gets my undivided attention.
I swiftly scan the cockpit console. “Two!?”
“There is one in place above us.” He fingers down between the pilot and co-pilot seats at the blood-red lever. “This control activates a second air pressure shield, in case of emergency.”
“Emergency! What kind of emergency?” I mouth spit salvia in the air, viewing his smiling face.
“Breakage from space debris, flying asteroids or moon rocks, all could damage the original shield.” He winks.
I panic with hundred-percent worry. “Moon rocks!?”
“I’m just kidding, Starra. A joke. There isn’t a thing in the universe that can penetrate the air pressure shield. The second covering is the standard backup space travel protocol.” Jim smiles tapping my collar bone. “This ends your tour. We need to get back to work before Martin comes along for his visual inspection.”
“Right…,” singing in my new deadly baritone music. I nod, but my active brain intellectually ponders a second air pressure shield.

Day 10. gym. brown sky. blue clouds. orange sun. 110°F. 4:01pm. Afternoon. Self-defense class in Tele Training Building Ten is located inside a large gymnasium containing a thickly padded mat covering half of the wood floor. There are three instructors consisting of Huntress, my old buddy Ira from our ride in the solar car, and a new guy named, Dan.
Huntress slaps her hands on her chest like a mating ritual. “Time to pair up! Makes no difference to me, whose your partner. The real test is how good you are at hand-to-hand combat with me.” She smirks as Tele-students shuffle around the mat.
Kenya stands beside me. I fold my naked arms over my black T-shirt while he moans like his naked right toes just has stepped in dog dookie, “This is going to be fun.”
“You’ll learn and execute self defense techniques by me in the first round. Then, you will attack and defend your techniques to Ira in the second round, and finally weapon fighting in the third round with Dan. Your team will rotate after 14-minutes and 46-seconds to each round until you have defeated each one of us to our ultimate satisfaction. We will start with Gigi.” Natasha motions to Gigi.
Slim and elegant Gigi advances with her arms waving like a pair of flags in the wind, musically yelling in flute toots. She is displaying a strong, aggressive, and fearless attitude which differs from her quiet, sweet, and demeanor personality towards the big muscular female commando. I giggle in piccolo music. I sigh with impression.
Huntress violently grabs one of her waving arms then viciously flings Gigi to the matted floor complimenting. “Good job, next.” I giggle in flute music. I sigh with more impression.
I view the row of baby ducklings on my left then twist to the right, noting. I’m the last Tele-student and then silently drop my body next to Kenya on the soft mat in my government issued matching black T-shirt and matching black cotton shorts waiting for my turn at pain. I scratch on my clean ponytail with clean finger nails. I sigh with dread.
Huntress forcefully tosses four heavy bodies across the wide open gym with awesome-like super human strength. She wiggles fingers at me. I scan the curled up and wounded Tele-students on the other side of the wall.
I stand and priss, lady-like my bee_hind half-way to her. I have observed with patience. Each Tele-student had jumped and leaped directly at Huntress hoping to get the first whack then taking her down, but each had successfully and epically failed. So, I decide to execute a different approach, being a self defense class. I snort like a dead wild boar.
Huntress smirks. I try to mentally attack her neurons, but she is blank like a painted wall. Natasha springs, cat-like at my entire body. I quickly side-step to the right avoiding that nasty body collision, since it might just hurt my petite body.
Huntress painfully lands on her kneecaps with a red face growling like a junk yard dog at me. I smile sweetly like a Southern belle.
Performing an immediate about face viewing Natasha, I smile then she sneers like a dead grizzly bear. Huntress swiftly charges at my rib cage as I jump, T-rex to a Tele-height of six feet and four inches grabbing my ankles and twirl gracefully into an airborne somersault.
Huntress roughly glides her body under my bee_hind fire burning her palms and elbows onto the padded mat, again.
Before, I can land my body, Huntress swiftly lungs from a sitting position and attaches like a pond leech to my right twirling leg. I suddenly stop and pose in air-borne like an heavenly-Angel using my T-power of Telekinesis.
Then, I beautifully execute a single backwards flip and perfectly toss her bee_hind over my pretty head.
Huntress quickly de-leeches and drops dead like a poisoned rat on her back muscles, without her feet and palms in the air as I slowly float down like a royal princess behind her.
Then, I gracefully swirl about like a ballerina and face the wounded animal. I suddenly halt and watch impatiently. Huntress doesn’t move as I do not move. I sigh with trickery.
I’m more 100% cautious than 90% concern, since Huntress is waiting for me to attack, first.
Huntress slowly draws a single nosily breath and more slowly flips onto her fours…(palms and kneecaps) …and much slowly stands. She views me, nodding. “Excellent, Starra! You can move to the next instructor. For the rest of ya wimps, another round, again, Gigi.” Huntress swiftly slaps her hands across her chest for the ‘go’ mark.
I prance like a pretty pony along the wall to my next obstacle with a girly giggle. Ira, the military guy, talls at 6-feet and 4-inches weighing in at 293-pounds and 13-ounces…(yeah, I study)…I feel quietly intimidated with my petite frame of 5-feet and one-inch shortness, but alive at 95-pounds and 2-ounces weightless composed of my high dosed fruity adrenalin female hormones pumping throughout my petite body.
Ira rumbles in his cold hard baritone. “You can impress me, now, Pamy.” Then, he doesn’t wait for my smart-hole reply, but smiles sweetly and charges swifter like a solar train running 525 miles-per-hour out of control. He shows a big club between ten finger pads as I ponder the deadly damage to my person and back step from my fear and his fury.
I swiftly and quietly conclude with my great awesome math skills that I can’t possibility jump my way out of his path. I will need 10-feet and 2-inches of clearance from his lengthy 3-feet and 6-inched arm spam, even using on an ancient trampoline for jumping up and down for fun and entertainment. not for eating mat filling for lunch.
Think. Think fast. Think faster.
The padded mat viciously rips from the flooring and violently slaps into Ira’s face as he plows his body and his club into the obstacle. Then, he and the club sticks like glue with some kind of supernatural force onto the vertical mat. Ira backs up his body about two-feet then furiously hits the vertical soft foam matting with his club as it silly clown-bounces up then down the side to side like a punching bag. I giggle in flute music. I sigh with enjoyment.
Ira tosses the club to his left grabbing the edges of the mat and pushes with his human might forward towards me. The mat protects my pretty face from his fist harm, since he and it doesn’t move, totally. I snigger like a dead sly weasel. I sigh with amusement.
Peter stomps in angry from his observation post at the wall marching, standing behind me. “Starra, what are you doing?”
I view Martin, fingering the mat, smiling. “He told me to impress him.”
“Stop it, Dr. Starbuck!” Peter says, not being thrilled with my spectacular defend my body performance in self-defend class using my formal academic title addressing my irrational Tele behavior. I giggle in trombone music.
Then, the ripped mat falls nosily upon the wooden floor with a flop.
Ira eye kills, murder-like into my right eyeball, since his eyeballs are criss-crossed with invisible deadly fury, rumbling in cold hard baritone. “Move along to the next person in line, Starbuck.”
I swing my body far, far away from Ira’s arm span, before I smart-hole, loudly. “I made another new friend, today, Mama.” I scoot my body nosily on numerous ‘sneaker squeaks’ kinda like a bunch of baby ‘piglet squeaks,’ but better towards Dan with a bright smile.
The new teacher does not seem to threaten or coerce me, a nice change of pace. He calmly explains in my face with his invisible bad breathe and his ugly yellow teeth that we will use weapons and to do the very best that I can.
The instructor fingers a long and sharp sword upon the floor. I lift the heavy bugger using hands, ten finger pads, two breasts, and my entire spinal cord and strong back muscles, only managing to raise it to my waist. The hilt is ingrained beautifully with jewels of Sapphires and Rubies, an instrument of beauty and danger with a straight pin sharp silver blade with a single pointy tip of gold.
“En guard!” Dan words in French which means ‘to die’…naw…means ‘to fight’ with my elegant shiny sword. He holds his pretty golden saber in front of his muscular chest, maybe a little higher than his chest more even with his fourth rib. I giggle in flute music. I sigh with trepidation.
Dan steps a right sneaker then a left sneaker coming closer as I weakly draw my sword with a pair of shaking lean biceps and triceps half-way to my chest. Then, Dan suddenly lungs and beautifully slices sideways the saber’s tip directly at my belly button, missing successfully.
I jump, T-rex backward and then drop the dang pretty sword. I painfully land on my fanny feeling, first, fright, then second, mad. These are real weapons that are sharp, pointy, and thick bladed for harm to me.
I eye roll then toss my arms with sitting on the floor for drama. Then, I wink at Dan. “I thought we’re traveling to another planet to collect dirt and rocks. I had no idea that we’d have to defend ourselves against the Empire.” I giggle in flute music along with the side chuckles of baritone, alto, and tenor music accompanying my solo performance.
Dan playfully threatens at me. “You must parry my attack with a counterattack. Or you will not live to see the next rebuff.” He stands in the ‘en guard’ pose like a Greek sissy female goddess, not like Ares the Greek god of War. I snort like a dead wild boar.
I flip around onto fours…(palms and kneecaps)…then upright upon two sneakers from the floor. I use T-power of Telekinesis floating my sword into my hands.
Ya want a fight, mister, then you’re going to get a right one.
I steady the sword with both hands in front of my chest guarding my freckles as my heart races. My blood surges, but my hands are firm and ready for the next thrust from Dan, the sword man.
Dan performs a beautifully flawless jab to my right shoulder. Then, I gracefully counter the maneuver blocking his shot. Dan twists his arms in the air then pivots his body and stabs at my left shoulder, a beautiful execution, but a little short of distance.
I intercept his thrust stopping his motion with my two-fisted sword as our blades grind like a pepper shaker. Our teeth grit like gravel as we hiss like a mating snakes and pose like a pair of Roman statues in granite.
Then, I do it for total meanness.
Using my T-power of Telepathy, I connect, link, and Tele into Dan’s mind. I win.
Telepathy is a strange tool. Educated scientists have theorize that there is no basis for the invisible-event. However, sometimes, people do mentally communicate words or images between each other both mysteriously and misty for a weird dang reason.
Dan can attest that the mental miracle has occurred, hearing my flute toot inside his weak mind, while not admitting defeat.
Embarrassing Ira was fun, but I didn’t intend for it to be the standard rule.
Dan snaps his body back into a formal ‘en guard’ stance positioning his saber in an offensive manner. I rumble for a tumble. “Here we go, again.”
My instructor swiftly cascades his dancing feet with a powerful saber thrust at my shoulder. I catch and hold my sword in an x-pattern then his vicious punch into my ribs presents my sword in a y-formation. Dan jabs a hardy stab at my pretty head creating no sword formation as I wildly dance a back step move on my big feet from that deadly manly maneuver, not smiling.
I yell like a frightened kid. “Whoa! This game is getting too dangerous for me.” I swiftly duck my pretty head and bend at the waist then fall painfully onto my stomach. I cough hardy from the hard impact. I sigh with fear.
Our Tele Training Task-master…(like my ‘t’s)…has all of the Tele-students pushing our Tele-powers of Telepathy, Telekinesis, Teleclairvoyance, and Telemetabolics…(more ‘t’s)…to the totally triumphant Tele-supernatural limit. We drill to create and to defend our physical biologically bodies with Tele-shields, Tele-bubbles, and Tele-fields in our rehearsed and practiced bouts of life saving emergencies. And, I both mentally and physically feel this play situation constitutes an emergency.
I swiftly flop like a dead fish onto my back laying on the cool floor while hearing the swish of blades in the air.
I cannot believe my gray eyes. My sword magically dances in mid-air around Dan, the sword man like a puppet on an invisible string. I have allowed my sheltered Tele-temper to explode beautifully using my awesome T-power of Telekinesis. I gracefully swing my blade against my assailant.
Dan stumbles backward from my swaying sharp sword…(like my ‘s’s)…then he snorts like a dead wild boar. Dan viciously attacks it like a raging bull in a China shop as each sword clash ripples in first octave violin musical tones.
I press my body into the mat watching my silver blade dances like a ballerina. My sub-conscious mind is controlling every poke and prod of my sword. Dan grows weary and tired with gross dropping sweat from his face, arms and pitting his under arm T-shirt.
I nosily gag then turn my face, before I vomit green puke of my breakfast as he thrusts with softer touches and smaller steps. Then, I hear the explosion, vocally.
“Enough.” Peter shouts and hovers his ugly face over my ankles as my toes wiggle, ‘hi.’ “I order you to switch it off, Dr. Starbuck.” I present fish lips, ugly and mentally ponder that concept while heat sweating my body upon the cool mat. The other Tele-students leave the gym. I sigh with puzzlement.
My magic show has drained my human limited physical and Tele-mental strength feeling like a newborn kitten wanting sleep, then the sword swiftly drops to the soft mat with a ting.

Day 12. mediation. purple sky. gold clouds. white sun. black rain. 88ºF. 11:07am. Morning. After the fourth visitation to Lulu’s boring class, I quit…naw…I voluntarily quit the napping during my breathing exercises. I concentrate totally with eyeballs open on mediating with my little fragile mind, seeing the future visions of our Tele mission. I’m tired of Huntress bruising my rib cage with her pointy elbows for sport while I snooze.
“I want you to breathe in and out.” Lulu imitates in Peter’s baritone then she asks in her alto. “Are there visions from anyone?”
“I see blue shimmering clouds.” Saudi nods with eyelids closed.
“Your image is very good. Are there any more pictures?” Lulu asks softly and blind purposefully.
I snigger like a sly dead weasel watching a circle of crossed-legged 1960’s hippies, who nod their skulls slowly up and down like they’re high on something.
“I see a yellow chicken.” Gigi nods with eyelashes shut.
“I know for a fact we’re having grilled chicken for lunch.” Lulu nods.
“I don’t see anything. What’s wrong with me?” Kenya opens his eyelids as I shut my eyelashes fast and become blind, purposefully then smirk my crooked lips in the darkness.
“Kenya, be aware, not everyone possesses the clairvoyance talents.” Lulu nods.
I do not talk about my precognition T-power of Teleclairvoyance, but they’re growing strong and exponentially. I see both lovely and deadly Tele-images too dang clearly, without my human eyeballs. So, I do not share friendly.
Lulu nods, opening her eyelashes, “If there aren’t any more visions or images, we’ll rap up for lunch.”
I jump, kitten-like and violently shake-out my numb toe bones leading my face first out the door to lunch.

Mess hall. purple sky. green clouds. pink sun. 111ºF. 12:06pm. Afternoon. Gigi was correct. The chicken patties taste like flour paste as I wish for a miracle. Ming would send me real food from my real farm.
I push my plate aside with the disgusting food and munch an apple while ignoring the annoying little voice inside my head.
My Tele powers flame, tense, tire, and hyper all at the same time during rest and relaxation morning, noon, and night. I need a short vacation from Peter, Tele-training, and especially from the Tele-mistress Lulu.
I see future events (Teleclairvoyance) a lot more clearer than the first day of Tele-training, but my personal Tele-vibes from my Tele-mates are becoming violently unbearable at moments. I pick up way too many emotional feelings of failure, defeat, disappointment, and fear pouring from their hearts and minds of this uncertain Tele-mission.
This uncertain Tele-mission boldly looms and hangs over their skulls in the air waves or…the metaphysical atmosphere as I scan the tart faces and chewing lips of my Tele-mates at lunch. I sigh with worry.
Lulu, a practicing Tele for 50-years, senses the same emotions within her mental rim trying to counter the negativity among the Tele-mates with a positive outlook by relaying accurate information about our future outer space trip to Planet Vor. However, the outcome doesn’t affect all people in a happy way.
She gleefully enjoys announcing her future visions to the other Tele-students at breakfast, lunch, and dinner while warning us of the dangerous mission ahead and what we could encounter. Everyone knows the danger, obviously. We don’t need a crazy old fortune teller intensifying the issue, totally, ya’ll.
Lulu poses both hands in spread eagle formation on each side of her earlobe and predicts in color as I snarl like a dead baby grizzly bear. She totally ignores my vocal warning then describes. “Last night, I saw a brown planet, blue skies, and a yellow sun…”
I don’t know what possessed me…maybe a Demon…or an Angel…or an Alien, but I can’t take her vivid future predictions, anymore. I swiftly stand and yell in piccolo music. “Shut up, Lulu. We didn’t want to hear any more of your Tele views. We see the dang images.” I suddenly halt and rotate my neck muscles around the table while faces shockingly stare back at me, without blinks or eats.
Then, I huff musically from my tight lungs and violently slam my fist on the table surface. Next, I twist my body towards the archway cursing as the way to the archway then down the hallway. I sigh with rage.
“What’s Pamy’s problem?” Cervantes chuckles then eats.
“Stress!” Gigi views the archway holding her fork of chicken. “Martin criticizes her abilities all the time in every Tele practice. I don’t understand his reason for abusing Starbuck.”
Lulu answers. “Starra possesses raw talent but lacks the commitment. Dr. Martin needs a team player not a renegade.” She polishes off her second chicken patty.
“Some of us appear less committed than others. Why pick on Starbuck?” Kenya scans the Tele-mates.
Saudi nods, smiling. “Starra Starbuck has the most important job of the Tele mission determining if Earthlings can survive on Vor’s world,” placing his fork diagonally across his plate for the verbal debate.
“Pami’s a farmer. How’s that the most important job of the mission?” Cervantes huffs. “The team needs us, pilots to fly you to Vor and back to Earth safe and sound,” consuming his third chicken patty. He isn’t relinquishing his personal grudge against Starra Starbuck on their first day of Tele orientation.
Saudi counters. “There are three rules for survival. Clean air, clean water, and clean food. How long do you think it’ll take before the processed food packs run out? This is not a quiz, ladies and gentlemen. The answer is 9-months, 3-days, 7-hours, 39-minutes, and 4-seconds which means we, Earthlings must have an agricultural process in place growing food and feeding millions of people, and thousands of animals…or….bum, bum, bum, bum….we perish. Earthlings will perish. Only a farmer from Earth can properly perform that function, the farmer is Starra Starbuck.”

Day 17. mess hall. red sky. golden clouds. purple sun. 86ºF. Morning. I view yellow runny eggs on my plate while impatiently waiting for my weekly evaluation plus the hopeful assignment of a new job. But, my Tele senses ping. Forget it, babe.
So, I’ll be moving all the space gear into the space ships until the end of time well…until the end of this mission.
“How are you feeling, Starra?” Saudi uses his doctor skills on me.
“Great, no complains.” I honestly lie while poking at the runny eggs. My Tele-practice leaves me, mentally exhausted and my Farm Report leaves me, emotionally homesick. I want this stupid mission to Vor to end, soonest, so I can go back home to Starbuck Plantation. I sigh with depression.
“I’m beginning to believe Dr. Martin’s theory about backlash. I need more food to endure the day’s activities of intense Tele training.” Lulu crams with her ugly manners a third buttered biscuit in her mouth between her front teeth then chews vigorously with her parted lips.
I nosily gag and jerk my chin to the wall searching for the brown cockroach.
“I feel grumpy.” Kenya whines like he has stepped his right leather dress shoe into a pile of fresh goat poop. “I’m sensitive about every little subject matter.”
“You need more rest.” Saudi nods. “I have observed that backlash affects each one of us differently. Starra seems the least altered by her growing Tele powers. She can levitate a train while Lulu strains to lift a bike. Dr. Martin insists on pressuring each of us in practicing at our maximum Tele limit for the success of this mission. I advise caution to each one of you. We’re entering the critical stages of Tele Training. You must practice, rest, and mediate to tone your Tele skills for the more difficult exercises ahead. I also recommend at least six full hours of sleep or a non-stressful rest time for your physical body. If you are feeling less than you usual hundred percent self please see me for an examination.”
“Unaltered?” Cervantes sings in baritone then fingers me. “Everyone take a look at her hair. Starra arrived for training with black hair color. Ya telling me that Starra’s the least altered of ya’ll folks. Her powers have changed her into a gray-headed old woman who looks like my elderly grandmother in South America.” He laughs along with my Tele-mates, minus me.
I eye roll then suck down some of the runny eggs.
Saudi says. “As I stated before backlash affects each one of us differently.” He returns to his breakfast meal.
Cervantes chuckles and cuts his eyeballs to me while noting visually and vocally my prevailing lovely feature of shimmering silver locks of gray hair covering 99.99% of my pretty head, since I’m only a teen…as in teenager of seventeen-years-old.
The man debates a fine point that my T-powers are changing me, foreverly. I see the changes in my long wavy hair physically, and can’t shake bad feelings in my bones mentally about our Tele-mission, permanently. My T-powers ting. Everything ain’t fine.
Gigi says. “At first, I thought the mission was going to be simple. However, I’m beginning to realize this is a very dangerous undertaking for us…all of us.” She scans the sour pussy faces as I shake gray bangs into my eyeballs that Gigi just now has figured that out.
“Starbuck, you’re next?” Huntress stands in the archway of Peter’s office yelling like a mighty dead T-rex as I stand and trot. I sigh with anguish.

Day 22. dirt field. orange sky. pink clouds. yellow sun. 133ºF. 2:26pm. Afternoon. “No turning back, now.” I mumble under my breathe and sweat over my parted lips from the dang heat. The next critical stage of Tele-training comes with an outdoor adventure, because all Alien-academic classes have ended and indoor Tele-training has ceased.
I studiously stare at the ancient beaten’ and bent space shuttle orbiter, 122-feet and 3-inches in length with 78-feet and 2-inches of wing span located near the thrusters. The floor to ceiling is shaped like a hollow circle, so the diameter is 28.5-feet and one-inch with a lift off weight of 4,470,000-million-pounds when empty like now. It sits under a large blood-red cloth tarp.
For ya’ll Earth history buffs, the space shuttle could fly at max velocity of 17,321-miles-per-hour.
“Yee-haw.” I rebel yell as we circle the orbiter like an Indian attack, while Peter leads his tallness against the tower platform, 27-feet and 11-inches shouting his commands via a microphone. I sigh with amusement.
“Hush up, Starra.” Lulu grandmothers while staring at me with her curled lips, fugly ugly.
Peter repeats for annoyance. “….lift the space shuttle 350-feet into the air…”
“A whole number…” I inject with humor then giggle in flute music.
“Hush up, Starra.” Lulu grandmothers more as I snigger like a dead sly weasel.
Peter continues. “....without dropping it on the dirt ground. We’ll coordinate on my mark of three.” He waits and watches the historical accomplishment. “One, two…three.”
The white space orbiter lops in a sideways pose like a flattened soufflé as I roar in laughter like a dead jungle queen lioness.
I find it very funny, seeing. The gigantic sideways white twinkle snack cake hover in the air, but it’s more from the stress, pressure, and tension of training 18-hours-per-day and 7-days-per-week for the past three-weeks. The futuristic irony of all the combined talents of Teles and higher hopes of the uncertain Tele mission to travel to the Planet Vor which is located in an unknown universe.
I muse at my successful performance as my side of the ship levitates over the 350-feet mark of pre-set physical height requirement by Peter, since I’m posed at the rear of the ship in front of the heavy engine thrusts.
I learned from Captain Jim during my substitution Tele-assignment of loading 5,000 plus pieces of gear into the cargo bag. This was only a mock up ship for Tele practice, in case we damaged the outer haul or a piece of a wing of the original space orbiter.
However, this model does contain the same original metal and wiring casing instrumentation causing the disproportionate share of weight between stern and bow as the novice Tele-uses practice their new T-talents. I giggle in flute music.
I suddenly feel tempted to send Peter a mentally thought about the small problem but retract it. Then, I view Lulu, seeing mentally.
Lulu is reading my mind and intensity flaming her eyeballs at me.
I eye roll, viewing Lulu. The price for hanging around other gifted Telepaths, since they’re always probing and searching for things they can’t control. “What?” I smart-hole then giggle in piccolo music. “Don’t ya find this pic entertaining?” I smile then wiggle my eyebrows funny.
“We have a job to do, Starra. I would suggest more restraint in your behavior.” My Tele step-mother reprimands. I almost flip the universal Telepathic image into Lulu’s open mind, but refrain.
I quickly pull my Tele-shield around my physical body while avoiding any further probing predators, staring. Peter floats down his body using his Telekinesis from the tower platform. I sigh with annoyance.
Peter nods, smiling. “This is a good start, people. I want you to release your Tele-hold on the space shuttle. Kenya move, over here.” He fingers in the dirt of front of his boots.
The white ship quietly lands on the soft brown dirt with a slight thud after Peter re-adjusts various Tele-mates’ poses while compensating for the weight differential.
I stand at the nose of the white monster away from Lulu.
“We’re going to keep practicing until we get it absolutely positively perfect at first call. We’ll begin, again. One. Two. Three.” Martin orders as the orbiter levels out straighter than an engineer’s sliding ruler. I sigh with toil.

Day 26. space suit. black sky. green clouds. blue sun. purple rain. 119ºF. 1:33pm. Afternoon. I feel lonely, isolated, and scare with no fresh air breeze brushing my mostly salt and less pepper hair across my waist. There is no intense warmth sun on my freckles in the United Earth Government issued astronaut space suit and helmet. Dang! It’s heavy, too, straining muscles, veins, tissues, and organs all over my five-feet frame.
“You can scream! No one hears ya in space, unless you turn on your headset.” Jim and Jim’s dry sense of humor talking silly. He chuckles into the transmitter instructing us in the proper guidelines of pressure suit instrumentation. Or, in other dangerous words, which button not to press to keep from dying permanently in outer space.
“It’s hot,” an invisible face moans, loudly.
“It’s tight,” a second invisible face groans, loudly.
“It’s dark,” a third invisible face mutters, loudly.
“It’s heavy,” a fourth invisible face mumbles, loudly.
“Headsets are working, perfectly.” Martin excitedly informs.
Jim lectures. “A spacesuit weights approximately 281-pounds and 9-ounces on the ground. Of course it weights 0-pounds and 0-ounces in a space vacuum. You can stay in the pressure suit for a maximum time limit of 5-hours, 21-minutes, and 18-seconds. Remember, those VIP math number, space people. Time is limited by the amount of oxygen, drainage of the solar battery power pack, and the cooling water system which has to be replaced. We’re going to test your unit by breathing one-hour, two-minutes, and nine-seconds of pure oxygen before heading to the gravity well for space walk simulation.”
“O…,.” an invisible face moans, loudly.
“Joy…,.” a second invisible face groans, loudly.
“Dang…,” a third invisible face mutters, loudly.
“Goody…,”a fourth invisible face mumbles, loudly.
“Headsets are working, perfectly,” Martin repeats.

Day 28. Starra’s suite. pink sky. golden clouds. green sun. 97ºF. 8:34am. Morning. My day off from Tele-practice, not by choice, since Peter has been away from the office for an emergency meeting with the United Earth Government officials. I spread my body from hair roots to toe bones on the soft sofa, closing my eyelashes and relaxing.
“Bad news for him, good news for me.” I smile while desiring desperately to call Ming about home. The last few face-to-face communication signals have been garbled and unclear.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I invade my neurons and briefly tap into my T-power of Teleclairvoyance (future seeing) which is both moody and touchy. I view a scratchy mental image: Ming fingers at miles of white cotton fields talking to the huddle of field hands.
I disconnect the link then exhale nosily and inhale lightly, since he is fine and dandy. Because, I am worried.
I open my eyelashes and recall our brief chat as always when Ming repeats to me the same old question. “When are you returning home, Starra?”
I didn’t have an answer, yesterday. I don’t have an answer, today. So, I disregard an answer until tomorrow while flapping and flipping my mind to something new.
I brain burn on Tele-training with its too many rules and regulations and no access to the global economic reports or socializing with non-training Tele personnel and conclude: Tele-prison. On top of all of those rules, Peter has ordered the Mess Hall and Fitness Facility closed, since there’s food and equipment in each one of our suites.
I completed my test…naw…task of moving, storing, and recording all 5,874-pieces of equipment, yesterday, after Cervantes personally inspected my work and verified my really tough sissy assignment along with Peter.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I tap into my Tele-senses targeting the space shuttle and searching for Jim, mostly out of boredom inside my suite with nothing to do. I get an T-image: A person crawls around the cockpit that is not Jim, but Cervantes.
I nosily gag and quickly de-link my mentally neurons then quickly thirst for drink. I giggle in flute music.
Peter annoys me to practice my Tele-skills, during off hours. I view with human eyeballs the tall refrigerator as seem from my comfortably sofa then wave a right hand side to side using my T-power of Telekinesis.
The door magically swings open and the beverage magically floats into the air from the top shell then the door eerily slams shut. The cold bottle of fruit juice floats gracefully into my five finger pads. I giggle in flute music.
My magic trick activates the machine’s sensors on the mini-globe as it lifts and hovers, without Tele-levitation. I giggle in flute music near my nostrils, saying. “What’da ya have to say this morning, slick?”
“That statement does not compute,” the Globe machines in a tenor musically voice.
“I know that you know some secrets. When does Tele Training end?” I pose sipping on the drink.
“The last Tele Training day is scheduled on number 45.”
“Today is marked as number 28. Are there 17-days left?”
“Affirmative.”
“Good. Do we get any more vacation days before Tele-training is completed?”
“Please re-state the question. The term vacation is not computed.”
“Dumb little machine, ain’t you?” I tease and giggle.
“That statement does not compute.”
“Figures. Let’s ask something you can answer. When’s the space shuttle scheduled for takeoff to the wormhole?”
“The Tele-astronaut team and the space shuttle are scheduled to depart after Tele-training is completed on day number forty-seven.”
“You forgot the hours, minutes, and seconds.” I giggle in flute music then sip the fruit.
The Globe machines. “Your statement does not compute.”
“Can the departure date been changed?”
The Globe machines. “Affirmative! Based on the additional data complied, yesterday, the Tele-training program has completed. A departure day of number-thirty has been temporarily assigned for launch with approval from the United Earth Government.”
I jump, kitten-like from the sofa, standing in a spread-eagle formation then smart-hole. “What?”
“Your statement does not compute.”
I demand. “Repeat your last statement!”
“Launch date set two-days, 11-hours, 40-minutes, and 7-seconds from now. Does this satisfy your inquiry, Tele Starra?”
“Satisfied does not. Mortified is more like it.” I shock totally, exiting my suite, tattling to the other Tele mates. I sigh with fright.

Day 29. auditorium. red sky. purple clouds. blue sun. 99ºF. 7:02am. Morning. I assemble in the auditorium at 7:02 morning Earth time for a very important announcement. I sit quietly on the edge of the padded chair, watching the un-familiar Earthlings parade like a herd of donkeys from the set of double entrance doors through the newly installed marble floor then park their fannies upon a purple stage in chairs.
Peter stands at the podium, smiling. “Tele astronauts, your training’s complete. We’re at this moment prepping the shuttle for takeoff to Planet Vor tomorrow morning ten sharp. The decision came suddenly after a surprise volcano burst through the United South American land mass. The molt and lava eruptions from the violent and deadly volcano have killed over 975,793-citizens located in a nearby biosphere with an additional 823,549-people homeless and foodless. The United Earth Government is sending aid to help the victims. The United Earth Government officials also have concluded that Planet Earth is coming to the end of her reign as protector for her precious residents, Earthlings. Time to find a new home!”
I view Huntress. We’re a little better and more friendly professionals, since Day One at the Dall-Tex Military Biosphere, but she still exhibits an aggressive and tough personality. And, I respect her cunning, clever, and hard-nosed approach to Tele-training.
The key of life is survival for her, for me, for the team, and for Earthlings as I set aside my dreams of returning home to Starbuck Plantation and concentrate on the new assignment mission to Planet Vor. I sigh with anticipation.
“I am Ken Freeman President of the United Earth Government. I want to extend my salutations and thanks for your hard work and great sacrifice. Your deeds will not go unnoticed or unrewarded. Good luck and Godspeed!” Ken smiles then struts from the podium, sitting Peter.
President of Earth…or if you look at it a different way…President of the Galaxy as I giggle in baritone.
Ken sounds like a ancient politician using the American words of sacrifice, rewards, and recognition. He is betting with a risky poker hand our lives flying safely to Vor, then return safely to Earth and delivering hopefully, the good news about a new home for Earthlings. I sigh with doubt.
Jim swiftly stands on my right, saying to the Tele-mates. “We have lots of work to do before takeoff. First, your space suits are to be loaded with full gear and the gadgets checked and double-checked in the space shuttle’s maintenance hatch. We’ll be departing in 48-minutes and 49-seconds, so we have plenty of time to perform a final test on the pressure suits.”

I flash past, mentally during Jim’s checklist rundown of the space trip protocols. I had spent the last 3-weeks, 2-days, 8-hours, 28-minutes, and 16-seconds of packing, loading, storing, and recording every 5,874-piece of equipment, container, jar, and disposable cup in the cargo hold of the ancient shuttle-ship. I flash present, mentally that Tele-training is completed. The outer space shuttler is a go.

I’m going into outer space, leaving my home, my plantation, my overseer, and my family traversing a strange journey, and hoping my gut intuition is dead wrong. I sigh with fear.
I’m a Tele astronaut flying our beat up and battered old prototype star ship from our Planet Earth in our Milky Way Galaxy through that new wormhole to that another planet in that unknown galaxy and possibly that new home. I sigh with apprehensiveness.

Day 30. Tele-mission. Shuttle. purple sky. orange clouds. pink sun. 92ºF. 9:57am. Morning. Tele-project mission day arrives…too soonest. I sigh with dread.
“This is it, people.” Peter’s bon voyage speech is short and sweet and plus. “Good hunting and good luck to us.”
The team has practiced and drilled for the past 14-days, 9-hours, 55-minutes, and 30-seconds pays off.
Peter connects, links, and Teles. Liftoff! 
Six Earthlings with a combined Tele power of Telekinesis horizontally lifts the 4.5-ton weight of dead metal from the red clay into the air waves as the orbiter violently slams through the light weight glass enclosed special dome, where it was safely nestled away from people, animals, and poisons.
Peter connects, links, and Teles to us. Go right. 
The shuttle aims diagonally its nose first towards the set of hidden stars in space.
Peter connects, links, and Teles to us. Go forward. Fast. 
The orbiter launches racing up and fast at a velocity speed of 16,213-miles-per-hour. The ship shoots vertically at a 180-degree angle into the purple skies away from the pink sun and gray earth.
“A perfect day for flying!” I whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings inside my assigned seat. I grin concentrating on the flight towards the round of fire.
Peter connects, links, and Teles to us. Go forward. Faster. 
The shuttle smoothly breaks from Earth’s atmosphere and the Moon’s gravity pull towards the mighty black and cold Milky Way Galaxy recording a velocity of 42,587-miles-per-hour.
Peter connects, links, and Teles to us. Go forward. Faster. Forward. Faster. 
This is a very significant event in Earth’s history the first intergalactic flight of Earthlings beyond the Earth’s moon. I watch outside my port window the ghostly figures of space, time, and matter. I sigh with pride.
Every Tele is very quiet or praying during and after takeoff, since I can’t read any one single human or alien emotion, clearly.
I’m too excited, nervous, happy, apprehensive, scared, thrilled, simultaneously. I whisper a silent prayer for our save departure trip and safer return trip back home to Starbuck Plantation.
Peter connects, links, and Teles to us. Faster. Faster. Faster.
From my assigned seat through my tiny side window of four-inches length by five-inches width, I see each planet and planetary features with awe, staring. Mars has red dirt. Saturn shows beautifully colored rings. Jupiter possesses twelve moons, quickly counting with my eyeballs. I see one of Neptune’s twins, then Planet Uranus, and finally the Pluto Ice Belt holding the 1959 discovered asteroid named, Pluto.
The Tele-power speeds the shuttle at 85,759-miles-per-hour.
Peter connects, links, and Teles to us. Go slow. 
I feel the ship slow down to a pacing velocity of 7,045-miles-per-hour as it swiftly arrives at entrance point of the wormhole, making the Tele-ride clock at 51-minutes and 21-seconds.
We’re 8-minutes and 39-seconds ahead of schedule. I feel the happy emotions from Tele-mates, since Peter is the only astronaut allowed to communicate with Jim in the cockpit. I sigh with feat.
The orbiter floats silent in the dark cold starry space while inside the shuttle’s cabin my oxygen breathing apparatus sounds nosily between my eardrums. The official outer space protocol dictates that everyone wears their heavy space suit gear with a constant flow of oxygen, alerting and readying us for any emergency, unexpectedly.
Jim communicated directly to Peter via his headset information of distance and velocity of the ship as it was breaking out of Earth’s atmosphere guiding pass the solar system planets through empty space towards the wormhole vortex to Planet Vor in a new galaxy.
Peter connects, links, and Teles to us. Go forward. Slow…slower…slowest…stop.
The Tele-team slowly maneuvers the engineless space shuttle nose first into wormhole as the astronauts performs like a perfected flag and rifle drill team on the football half-time show with their smooth fluid and steady movements. I sigh with pride.

Inside the cockpit, Jim positions the shuttle at mouth of wormhole and double-checks the vector point and timing of opening as the portable computer screen counts backwards down from 13-minutes, and14-seconds before a 100% closure. He can see peeks of vivid colors with his naked eyeballs which definitely show a brown planet, a blue sky, and a yellow sun, just like his Ancient World History book’s pictures of an old Earth on the other side of wormhole, whispering like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Alien…”

Inside the cabin, I sweat like a plantation pig inside my 281-pounds and 9-ounces of heavy space pressure suit. I swiftly adjust the oxygen dial to the next higher setting, letting the cool air blow over freckles.
My Tele senses ping from my hair roots to the toe bones. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
Peter connects, links, and Teles to us. Relax. Relax. Breathe in, one, two, and three. Breathe out, one, two, and three.
I hate the breathing exercises feeling like I’m going to puke green vomit in the enclosed space helmet. I jerk the oxygen gauge to the highest setting and immediately calm physically on my freckles. I sigh with relief.
Go forward. Slow. Forward. Slow. Peter connects, links, and Teles to us.
We enter the wormhole traveling to another galaxy towards another planet for first time in Earth’s history. I sigh with anticipation.
The Tele-people shove simultaneously the shuttle into the wormhole vortex using their combined Telekinesis energy. The wormhole wind and heat pressure dials beautifully explode off the tiny meter inside the cockpit tracking at 1,000-miles-per-hour of super nasty hurricane winds and 6,000-degrees Fahrenheit of combo red mean heat and redder meaner stream. 
I suddenly see, feel, hear, and taste through my highly sensitive T-powers of Telekinesis, Teleclairvoyance, Telepathy, and Telemetabolics the searing heated wind vapors viciously attack the beaten and worn external outer skin of the space shuttle in my assigned seat. I sigh with sweat.
Peter connects, links, and Teles to us. Go forward. Forward. Forward. Faster.
The research scientists told us, yesterday, that they hypothesized the length of wormhole at a half-a-mile in math distance.
The research scientists have honestly guessed wrong. The first computerized marker loudly pings inside the cockpit’s console measuring the exact same half-a-mile distance from the opening. The wormhole has gobbled up the entire vertical nose to square tail of the ancient Earth-shuttle.
We hang like a frozen moon in space and time inside the wormhole’s tummy with its evil invitation and bad intentions as the round opening closes slowly, blocking out the shiny white stars. I see through my T-power of Telepathy, the red color close around the blackness of space. Then, I panic with fear and breathe in and out to calm my jumbled nerves.
Peter connects, links, and Teles to us. Go forward. Faster. Faster. Faster. 
The bulkheads moan like scary ghosts from the intense air pressure and gas heat outside the cabin melting the delicate metal connectors inside the ship’s casing. There are 1,000-miles-per-hour nasty hurricane winds which howl like a pack of forest wolves and slam like steel hammers into the shuttle’s protective riveted panels. The winds and heat tenderly slice the soft earth metal like craving a piece of tender beef filet mignon from the both side panels of the ship.
In conclusion, the ship is stuck inside the wormhole tunnel, permanently.
I immediately panic with flight within my sharp mind, then slowly calm my active neurons to think, ponder, and process all the data.
I swiftly activate my vocal headset, which is against Tele protocol contacting the cockpit. “Jim, steer closer to the wall less resistance.” I theory using my combined Tele-senses and brief stolen Earth science reports from my computer on Dallas-Tex Biosphere. The wormhole natural composites of wind and heat is drifting in invisible pockets of gas stream, some heavy and some light.
Jim has guided the shuttle in the middle of wormhole following the official standard outer space ship protocol to avoid colliding with the heated walls. The heavy wind pockets thrust the ship back towards the mouth, while the astronauts push forward using Telekinesis energy towards the exit point of Vor.
In conclusion, the ship swings back and forth like a toy boat in the bathroom tub filled with water going nowhere.
I start a chain reaction with my vocal communication breakdown of silence in the cabin as the other Tele mates mumble a few words of scared, fearful, and death. Fear is an enemy for a Telepath feeding the emotions of doubt and uncertainty into a healthy mind and causing mental errors and deadly human mistakes.
Peter quickly cuts the mental Tele-connection then swiftly switches to the conventional method of communication via the vocal headset ordering in his nasty baritone. “Everyone calm down. Everything is alright. Focus. Forward. Faster. We must keep pushing the shuttle forward through the wormhole to the planet.”
“Everything’s not okay. Danger. We’re going to die. The end’s coming,” Lulu violently screams into her headset as the sound echoes and cuts through my yellow ear wax.
I neck snap my helmet and hiss at the old woman, but she can’t see or hear me.
I feel the same strong sensations, but I’m not dead yet. And, I’m not voicing that for everyone to hear.
Peter shouts via headset. “Lulu, shut up!” I smile inside my helmet, even our fearless leader finds the old Fortune-teller annoying.
I force more energy from my T-power of Telekinesis helping to guide the ship forward. I feel the ship violently shuffle to the right side of the tunnel between the vocal headset of shouting, crying, and whining.
Jim has navigated closer to wall and the ship naturally is pulling forward with the combo Telekinesis energy and the physical wind currents into the exit point of wormhole. We’re going to make it and live. Now, I greatly desire some peace and quiet. I sigh with determination.
I unlatch my restraining belt gluing me into my assigned seat then leap, kitten-like while controlling my weightless gravity with my T-power of Telekinesis at a frightened Lulu and viciously stab her fat arm through the thin worn fabric space suit with a small tranquilizer needle. Lulu violently curses and loudly screams for 1.2-seconds then drops into an unconscious sleep.
I smirk and stand proudly over her limp body tied into her assigned seat, because I’m a smart-hole…naw…smartie.
I secretively open the medical kit stored inside the emergency panel beside me knowing the floor plan of the ancient space shuttle then use my T-power of Telekinesis. I Tele-levitated a syringe to my assigned seat.
The shuttle lungs forward at incredible speed as I tumble carelessly sideways to the left then swiftly curve my body into a semi-round thingy. I slowly roll forward towards the rear of the cabin then painfully land upon my fanny facing the cockpit door. I smoothly gliding down the slick floor and violently smash into the hatchway, happy for both halt and quiet in the cabin.
“Stay there, Starra! Hang on!” Peter orders via his headset. I rip with combo gloved hands and my Tele power one of the many bulkhead blue cords from the side wall and tie it securely around my waist. The rope keeps me from tossing to badly side to side during the rough helicopter ride out of the wormhole. “Forward. Forward.” Peter orders via his headset. Both interior right and left bulkheads unexpectedly blow in front of my eyeballs, exposing the seated Tele-astronauts to the red raw naked wall of the heated wormhole.
The six outer rows swiftly break then quickly suck the padded seats and occupied space suits into the colorful wormhole wall as three-Teles instantly die by 6,000-degrees Fahrenheit heat.
The verbal screams scare the haunted ghosts back on Planet Earth. I quickly slap the volume button off from the headset inside the suit then close my eyelashes in fright while griping the cord for dear life. I quickly pray for the wicked wild roller coaster ride to end, totally, ya’ll.
The shuttle leaps, T-rex forward momentum continuing the plotted path through murderous raw red wormhole. The ship hits the wall then bounces into air, then hits the wall and bounces into air, while the shuttle rocks back and forth. I experience seasickness then apply my Telemetabolics (healing touch) to my swirling body. So, I don’t puke green vomit into the air filter.
I swiftly calm my tummy then open my eyelashes and quickly focus my neurons and mind-touch Jim. Nothing! I mind-touch Cervantes. Nothing! I mind-touch the pilot’s chair. Nothing! I mind-touch the co-pilot’s chair. Nothing! No pilot. No landing. No hope. Think. Think fast. Think faster.
I quickly scan the floor, chairs, Teles, and the ceiling while pondering a new solution. I grab the green emergency hook and line from exposed the wall panel. Then, I T-toss the hook and line at the cockpit hatch. It latches, successfully.
Untying my bulkhead blue cord from around my waist, I bomb-drop my body heavy onto the floor holding me down with my T-power of Telekinesis. I slowly drag my belly button with some boot toes aid towards the two-tier step ladder, desperately avoiding. The visible searing red gas heat whipping hurricane winds on me and flying pieces of metal on me. I sign with death.
I cringe. The flying metal debris are parts of space shuttle as the hook holds steady with my weight while pulling my face to the metal ladder.
I grit teeth like gravel and jerk the yellow handle of the manual door as the cockpit door swishes open.
I don’t see Jim and Juan, whining like I’m going to die. I say, very softly. “I…am…going…to…die.” Think. Think fast. Think faster. “The second air pressure shield.” I scream to no body but my heavenly Angels, recognizing the red handle between the pilot’s and co-pilot’s chair.
I cautiously crawl on elbows dragging my belly button on the floor and lift my left glove then reach high towards the stars. I lightly touch the smooth metal then jerk the snot of the handle as it manually releases a secondary air pressure shield.
The shield swiftly appears then quickly latches and safely locks into place over the empty viewing frame.
The fake Earth gravity returns inside the cockpit. I scratch with fingers of blood, bite my tongue with blood, and climb with toe boots into the Jim’s chair with no fear of being sucked into the wormhole wall temporarily.
I forcefully grab and juggle the leather joy stick forward steering successfully a hard starboard…(that’s left)…guiding the shuttle away from the heated wall to the exit, so near and dear to my eyeballs, heart, lungs, liver, and other body part.
I see a brown planet, a blue sky and a yellow sun, just like Lulu’s description.
“The most beautiful site in the universe!” I whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings. I sigh with life.
The shuttle silently emerges from the wormhole on the other side into a colorful new galaxy. while the fiery blob of melting white and silver goo drops heated metal from the baby blue sky. Then, I hear the internal cockpit alarms blare with ear-piercing musical piccolo tones in my eardrums indicating multiply fires inside the cabin, on both wings, and around nose cone of the shuttle.
“Of course…,” I smart-hole then purposefully ignore the noise, fire, heat, pain, and fear within my eyeballs, eardrums, gloved hands, and lazy boot toes. I concentrate with intense mental and physical energy on a perfect drop zone spot of an alien world.
The joy stick doesn’t respond smoothly to my manual hand operations as I jiggle it right, left, and side to side. Translation, ya’ll! The mechanic gears are broke or melted from the intense 6,000-degrees Fahrenheit heat.
“Of course…,” I smart-hole, saving me the other way using my awesome T-powers. I release the joy stick, wiggle my bee_hind deeply into the leather seat, and cross my arms over my chest…relax…for drama.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I gently Tele-pull the invisible wind currents around the burning ship and then aim towards a neat clearing on the brown planet guiding the ship parallel to the dirt. The treeless path appears perfect for a crash landing, not my air speed 854-miles-per-hour. I desperately need to slow the ship down or hit the dirt and bounce like a rubber ball both, vertically and horizontally.
I pop open my eyelashes and intensively study the working radar, once I apply a Tele-touch with my dirty fingernail. I see pretty skyline mountains and brilliantly think a quick solution while guiding a shuttle’s wing into the mountain side, slowing my moving inertia. Since, the space shuttle soars scary at the height of 10,064-feet above the brown soil and tan-colored rocks like an eagle in beautiful flight.
I forcefully Tele-shove the wind currents around the ship’s nose and both pairs of wings trying to stabilize my flight in a horizontal path, before I Tele-impact this thing into the mountain side. I panic with death then calm my nervous neurons with sunshine, my only chance for survival.
“Do it!” I nosily slam the left wing tip into the hard dry rock formation. Big chunks and tiny pieces of metal whine like babies and scream like cats while peeling off left, right, above, below, and behind the forward direction of the cruising shuttle.
I T-balance the ship and wing parallel to the ground and little by little then T-plow the shuttle into the soft dirt and rough rocks on the mountain while disintegrating the wing. I smile, “Working!”
The space shuttle decreases velocity rapidly displaying in numeric miles-per-hour. 100. 80. 60. 40. 20. 15. 10. 5. 1. 0. Boom!
The roller coaster ride jolts to the left with a mighty force of me then swiftly ends. The ship’s belly slams into the soft brown dirt.
I sit, numbingly in my assigned seat and blind, purposefully with my eyelashes closed, not moving, not thinking, and not praying. I am alive. I exhale, then inhale, and then exhale.
I open my eyelashes, seeing dirt.
I un-belt the suit torso and pop off the helmet feeling something wet, cold, and sticky on my neck. I swiftly turn my body and eyeball stare horribly at no headrest in my pilot’s chair. The metal and fabric have both been decapitated from headrest while scratching my neck of my blood and tissue. My injury is minor. My long waist length black and white hair is gone being chopped off at the nape. I sigh with life.
I whisper, “A small price for survival.” I stand and slap the cockpit’s hatch door open then completely scan with eyeballs no inner cabin with no Tele folks but a burnt, black, and empty shell.
I am alone. I sigh with sadness.
I slowly truck through the blacken and burnt floor swiftly gathering survival supplies. I pack the items the terrain land vehicle bringing two first aid kits, three blankets, four food packs, and my personal items along with a single hand pistol.
I leap, T-rex onto the cockpit platform and use a Tele-touch to activate the ground radar. I see a big structure approximately thirteen miles northeast from the shuttle with a series of tall mountains on my left. There are dead trees, dead brown bushes, and dead foliage on my right along a dry narrow vehicle path in the middle of a brown planet. I sigh with worry.
I slowly steer the terrain tractor five miles away from the ship then quickly press the remote control self destruct button as the ancient Earth space shuttle prettily blows and nosily sounds into millions upon millions of pieces of ugly garbage. I watch then swing my face towards the solo Building. I sigh with destruction.
I am truly on my own never, probably, hopefully, really, maybe….to see my home Starbuck Plantation, on my planet Earth, in my galaxy the Milky Way, again. I can survive the new and unknown universe. My goal is to keep me secret from the other folks, who are the real natives of this world and this galaxy.
I am the alien. I sigh with alien.
The inhabitants of this galaxy can be friendly or hostile. Now, I am one of them and must adapt or perish and never forget passionately and mentally my life on Starbuck Plantation and my non-family. I will always remember happily and wonderfully the Earth people and events. I will not forget socially and soldierly my Tele mates sacrificing everything for me to live solo on a brown planet in a blue sky within a yellow sun. I sigh with memory.
The United Earth Government latest media news, before the first Earthling intergalactic outer space trip, was showing significant increases in the violent weather patterns of volcanoes, earthquakes, blizzards, hurricanes, and poisons that steadily were destroying the life biospheres.
Thus, the natural phenomenon is attacking all the life forms of humans, plants, and animals on Earth, since her protector, Mother Nature has given up on the greedy natives. So, a new form of Earthlings will start all over, again, soonest.
I’m gratefully to be the one lucky Earthling to find an alien home, on an alien planet, in an alien galaxy. I lovingly scan the bright yellow sun, the pretty baby blue skies, and then the smooth brown soil. I blink my eyelashes with wet tears.
“I’m the alien.” I softly whisper.

Day 1. unknown universe. unknown planet. unknown warehouse. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. 83°F. afternoon. The warehouse is dull brown paint of eighteen stories tall, composing half a city block. I squat on my boot toes from my regular shortness of five-feet and one-inch, weighting in at 93-pounds and 15-ounces.
I had quickly expelled fright, fear, and tons of farts of my breakfast meal, this morning, from that death defying roller coast scary kitty cat ride inside that ancient Earth ship for this stupid first ever outer spacey freaking trip for greedy Earthlings.
“Dang,” whispering for the dead plants, leaves, trees, and bushes. I sigh with expiration, not termination.
My newly sliced off shoulder-length gray hair, compliments of a decapitation dangerous metal process viciously tickles my earlobes on my triangle face, while a pair of human gray eyes studiously observes.
An eighteen-foot vertical wall is nicely composed of ugly dead brown plants which have lovingly fossilized onto the weathered front porch which are made of smelly rotting wood. My human nostrils unpleasantly detect as my human eardrums hear no rude people voices or scary animal sounds. My human brain is encased around suntanned kissed silky skin surrounding my hard skull.
My hard skull suspiciously thinks, weird-o. I magically switch to my awesomely invisible Tele power of Telepathy (mind probe, everywhere, baby). Nothing! I sigh with caution.
For my next trick, I use my slick Tele power of Telekinesis (mind move, everything, baby) and T-lift, very slowly, a five-inched brown dry dead twig from the dry yellow dead ground into the busted window, nearest my face, where the glass has suffered four inched long cracks shown vertically, horizontally, and diagonally.
Someone has viciously had some good time fun with a hammer.
I silently sail the twig like an airplane in the air then jam the tip into the widest crack and release my Tele-grip. The twig quietly falls to the tile floor which is perfectly recorded by my big Tele-earlobes. Nothing! I sigh with relief.
I slowly creep on my short body like a furry caterpillar along the dry brown dirt as my breasts, kneecaps, and elbows painfully slam against the shallow embedded pointy tipped rocks. I use my cool Tele power of Telemetabolics…(mind heal, everyone, baby)…on my forming bruises, so I can journey into the building. I desire healthy to filthy, just in case, I need to fight like a brave warrior or flee like a chicken dookie. I painfully slam my naked right hand upon the first step of rotten wood. The wood silently drops into the dirt. I sigh with care.
I suddenly stop and scan with eyeballs to the right, then the left to the heavens, then down to hell for any dangerous critters around the building. I struggle upon fours..(palms and kneecaps)…and slowly stand like a true Earthling and examine the weather beaten and battered door which lacks a door knob, and a lock.
I march on my boot heels upon the wooden step, yelling a madman, “Fire?”
I giggle in flute music then viciously slam the single door open with my right boot heel as rotten wood scatters like field mice from a hungry tomcat. I nosily stomp and stand princessly inside the archway, yelling. “Fire…,” pause for prettiness then impatiently wait. Nothing!
I cautiously pull the hand pistol from my belt and quickly jog into no other rooms, but a big square space. I hold my United Earth Government issued gun in the air against no present life forms. I snigger like a sly weasel. I guess a group of live sly weasels do live, here, somewhere. I sigh with duty.
I stand soldierly in the middle of the large squared-shaped room ceremoniously which is dubbed, by me, the “museum.” I float the hand gun, next to my backpack, near the door. I gracefully swirl on one boot toe in a circled pas de deux…(yeah, I do ballet with Pointe shoes)…flinging the dead tree twigs, dirt soil, fossilized bug guts, and dry leaves from my one-piece black jumpsuit and fleshy body. I air-bathe using my Tele-power of Telemetabolics onto the flooring, the walls, the ceiling, and the objects around me. Cool!
I stop spinning and quickly sniff the air like a blood hound, smelling a cleaner me. I eyeball my audience of three lonely ships with distinctly different sizes, shapes, and purposes, painting in the color of scrubbed silver along with a lot of bleached copper rusty circles. Both sets of vertical and horizontal black squiggly markers might be a weapon discharge or…three. Whoa!
I slowly rotate my neck muscles around the room double-checking the tall and wide building for a group of invisible folks like ghosts, witches or maybe vampires, seeing. An empty kitchenette, one exposed bathroom with a toilet and a sink, no stall shower for bathing, an open storage closet with four shelves, and four corner walls of silver shiny cobwebs, minus the spider family, and miles of white dust over the black marble cabinets.
“Dang! I get to clean house, first.” I whine like I have stepped in both boot soles in a pile of alien dookie, then giggle in piccolo music. I have, literally, then nosily sneeze with a tiny huff of flute music from both nose holes.
I quickly unpack the thawing food packages, separating the burnt ones and place inside the refrigerator while selecting a lovely entrée of cold beans or colder beans or the coldest beans. I select the cold beans moving to a nice long five feet by three wide black counter top and gently dump the wet sack of beans as it splatters over the dust.
A secret panel growls like a tiger into my eardrums as my eyeballs see a pretty wall filled from ceiling to floor with nine separate television communication screens of interactive images, moving their lips, not vocalizing any sound. I smile brightly. I sigh with intrigue.
I scoot my left five finger pads around the cold beans then dump into a right cupped hand, without a proper spoon utensil then waddle on boots to the first television on the bottom row right side. I punch with my bean-stained index finger into the small protruding button as audio sound invades my eardrums. I scoot back sit, eat, and learn.
There are nine inhabited planets whirling inside an unknown universe, since no person has bothered to reference a proper name of this galaxy. The moving silent pictures of humanoids hold my same form and shape. I can’t change my physical form. Hmm! I don’t think, I can with my awesome T-powers. I sigh with adventure.
I can blend into the native scene, without an alien face. I sigh with secret.
I brilliantly say. “Little green men exist somewhere, not in this galaxy,” giggling in flute music.
The natives of the unknown universe speak in English like me. English is my language dialect. I read, write, and comprehend it, thanking my teacher Maritza, feeling a little Earth bound homesick, not being able to chat with Maritza, Ming or other Earthlings. They probably wonder about me as I worry about them. I quickly switch my heart valve off and focus on the new voice in alto clarinet.
The new universe counts nine planets rotating on its axles precisely every 20.0 hours, making up a day and night combo on the planets…(keep up, ya’ll)…Agri, Sahara, Commerce, Bio, Resort, Tech, Ice, Uni, and Bonita. The tenth planet is a manned and wo-manned military space station with fighting weapons. Oh, man and woman!
The new universe divides unequally into two sections by a natural barrier formation, the Wall. The Wall structures both vertical and horizontal with grayish-sparkling white glittery space rock consisting of constantly drifting debris from exploded asteroids, melted ice crystals, and destroyed man-made space junk. The space rock and junk electromagnetically attaches to the outer structure, making this phenomenon higher and wider than some of the visual planets on the television screen. Awesome!
“Strangest type of physics I have ever seen in working theory,” whispering then shove more beans into my lips while chewing and watching the colored screens.
Within the Wall, there are three rectangular boxes, poxing the outer surface remotely controlled by robots. Each box shifts every 50-minutes (an hour, here) by opening for a period of precisely 15.0 minutes of time then closes. The opposite side dumps your flying space craft into a specific celestial outer space location for the steady transportation of goodies and people to and from the twin galaxies. Cool!
The first galaxy composes a set of six planet names… Commerce, Agri, Bonita, Tech, Uni, Bio, and a Militia space station. The second galaxy consists of the planet name…Ice, Resort, Sahara, and a second Militia space station.
Planet Agri is nicknamed, Farm Planet which grows all the food stuffs, produces all raw materials, including fabric and shoes along with raising a freaking planet of livestock.
Planet Sahara is the hottest planet nearest to the sun in the second galaxy and is nicknamed, Prison Planet. All convicted criminals are sentenced to work until the end of his or her jail term or death which ever comes, first.
The universe has no death penalty for any type of dangerous crimes. Whoa!
I say. “No reason to visit that planet, during my stay, ever,” giggling in flute music, chewing on the cold beans, watching the next TV monitor activate and tattle its fairy tale.
Planet Sahara also produces millions of valuable earth stones and minerals of gold, silver, copper, platinum, and semi-precious gems from the orange dry dirt called “desert” on an hourly basis, which is labored by the prisoners for their punishment for any type of crime. I nod. “I find this a deserving punishment for the criminals mining thousands of priceless minerals and not being able to steal them from the boss,” giggling in piccolo music. I suck down more beans watching studiously the television screens.
Planet Commence houses the ruler King Rex and his daughter Queen Rita in beautifully colorful castles with numerous robot servants and is the center of the universe. I laugh with a girly twang. “And, Earthlings think, they’re the center of the universe. I just blow that big baddie bang theory, right out of the Milky Way Galaxy.” I present a set of dead pan straight lips, whispering. “Too bad, I can’t blab to a live and breathing Earthling.” I scratch my dirty ponytail then eat the last of the cold beans. I wipe my dirty hands upon my jumpsuit watching the screen for my data.
Planet Bio is the medical and emergency care hospital for the universe. Tech or Tech World manufactures all the chemical, electrical, mechanical, and industrial equipment ranging from home appliances to star ships to personal robots. Ice is the coldest planet where natives wear soft and warm furs of animal hides.
Uni is the educational institution for students, starting at four years old, who attend and live, there, until graduating at sixteen years old. “An intergalactic boarding school for the kids. Wicked!” I snort like a wild boar.
Planet Resort advertises hopping two legs music, fancy shoe dancing, noisy people parades, and vividly decorated road and buildings for a fun-time vacation and par-tee events. Bonita is the dreary brown mist over the dry yellow sand, here. It currently displays a big burnt black spot of an ancient Earth ship shuttle crash site. And, I, only, know the secret location, sniggering like a sly weasel.
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
“Very odd!” I swiftly stand and rotate, very slowly, my neck muscles around the empty room. With a lack of information on the stranded world, I priss to the broken glass window scanning the baby blue skyline with my eyeballs. I see a blue, yellow, and red fiery wormhole ring in the middle of the clouds then drop my eyelashes and scan the grounds. I studiously stare at the dead mixed funky brown and yellow dirt. I have a good inking (that’s guess) am being watched scanning the outside grounds for a second time then body twist to the counter. I blow it off.
“Nerves, just nervous…ness,” whispering while returning to the screen, sitting in the dusty but soft padded chair.
The universe is an oligarchy for both nobles and commoners where a noble title might include prince, princess, duke, duchess, count, countess, and so on. The universe is funded by an economic system in the form of money, currs. I sigh with concern.
I present duck lips, ugly, nodding. “Problem there! How to generate currs for food, shelter, and clothes?” The screen repeats the names of the nine planets while starting the recorded video, again. I giggle. “The educational tour has ends, folks.”
I stand back stepping into the Kitchette, opening the refrigerator. I quickly inventory my food supply. Food is my first problem. If I starve on day three, then I can eat on days one and two. I giggle in flute music at my illogical nonsense.
The second problem is money to eat food, and the third problem is a job to get money to eat food. I giggle in clarinet music with my multiple problems paired with a simple solution, job.
I note from the resourceful television screens that each planet advertises for jobs. I hold two post-educational degrees in computer science and farming and briefly flicker with the awesome academic title, Grand Alien Professor on Planet Uni at the school. I bet that they don’t do an Intergalactic background check, either. I laugh in a girly twang and shake my gray bangs into my eyeballs.
I slam the refrigerator door, biting my lower lip. “How do I prove that I exist here with no birth records, no birth parents, no relatives, no educational records or no health records of me? Man! I should’ve gotten an alien ID, before I left Earth,” giggling in flute music. I mentally think of my numerous options to survival as an alien, on an alien planet, in an alien galaxy.
I priss to the star ship, patting like a kitten the dented silver paint job with my ugly manicured semi-peeling pink-painted fingernail.
Option one is to stay on a dying Planet Bonita with a negative 1000 certainty in regards to food and survival. I charge the solar cells in the Earth terrain vehicle with no certain direction to travel. I sigh with danger.
Option two is to work on Planet Agri’s Farm World. I have owned and operated a plantation for fifteen years growing cotton and calves with my family and friends, sir, noble. I sigh with sadness.
Option three is to flag down with my pretty smile and long legs the nearest biggest dang space shuttle and hitch a ride back home to Earth. I sigh with alien.
I giggle, 
Then, I steal the book on top of the star ship, flipping to the first page. I eye burn the smallest star craft, zipper as it is shown inside the engine systems manual…(yeah, I read)…similar in size and model to an Earth solar car. I successfully piloted back home. I sigh with homesickness.
I gingerly press the air lock button on the zipper as the horizontal hatch flips upward barely missing my nose. I didn’t read that far into the manual and comment. I giggle, “How hard can this be?”
I fold my short body inside a soft leather seat, then ramble and rummage around the interior like cockroach, finding. Nothing!
I scan a dead cockroach…naw…cockpit console with the same set of fun toys on any standard space craft, consisting of a joy stick, an altitude, an alternator, a temperature, a speed, and an added feature of weapon gadgets. I sing in flute music. “Whoa the stagecoach! Weapons, now, that’s a scary thought.” I shake bangs into my eyeballs and predict, patting tenderly the leather seat between my legs. “I can fly you….to where?” 
I back crawl from the clean pilot’s chair then stand, reading the book for a new solution, singing in piano music. “Awe!”  
I crawl inside the cockpit, again, then punch up the Planet Agri on the screen. I fiddle with a wrong button then find a right one. “Navigational code plug is…is….,” reading further the next two pages into the hard copy book, “….is 90.08. Prime!” I grin, wiping my dirty hands on the nice leather seat. I exit the zipper and truck to the screen for more fun.
I surf the television screens using my T-power of Telekinesis on the button while wasting my time by an entertainment route. I stop at the screen of Planet Resort with the jazzy music, offering a choice of gambling games or water races. I wickedly play two games of blackjack, winning both hands, chuckling like a silly clown in between un-packing the bags of survival gear and selecting, what I need and don’t need. I neatly re-pack the crap into the zipper which holds two passengers….(two seats)….and my single bag of limited personal items.
A well-fed rosy cheeky Male quickly invades the screen and verbally advertises about the vividly and lividly resort and casino vacation packages for purchase with currs. “The biggest, bestest, mostest, and grandest event takes place, tomorrow, the Conqueror Tournament. The first 500 guests receive free hotel accommodations, free food, and free tickets to all the amusement parks if you sign up for the first round of the competition with a small non-refundable nominal fee of 150 currs to cover our registration paperwork.”
I chuckle like a silly clown, nodding. “Food necessary. Currs needed.” I study with interest the man and his words.
He wears a shimmering silky fabric of red and blue shirt, smiling and saying. “I, Marquis Roy, guarantee the megaton jackpot of 1,000,000 currs to one person brave enough to test their card skill, humorous wit, and sly cunning against the best gamblers in the universe. To test your talents, play the one minute game and see your final results. You could be the next…Conqueror of the Universe.”
I laugh with a girly twang, saying. “Conqueror of the Universe.” The glamorous advertisement has stimulated my intellectual challenge, since I enjoy playing cards. And I win most of our friendly card games by beating stone faced Maritza out of the gold jackpot at home. The screen turns bright red color then magically shows a set of black five cards with white numbers or face figures upon the console. I squint my eyeballs to see the card hand.
Marquis Roy instructs. “Replace one of your five cards with the above Conqueror card and see if you can win the title of ‘Conqueror of the Universe’.” The screen pauses for study. I giggle in flute music and recognize the Conqueror test as a very familiar game.
The card hand exhibits a numerical Royal flush with the high card showing the ugly mug of bald King Rex floating across the top of the screen. I touch with my index finger pad to the correct card on the screen which fits into the proper suite as the ‘King’ drops into the Conqueror slot. The single word, Winner flashes over the cards. I smile with delight and giggle in flute music.
I nod, saying. “Poker. The Conqueror Tournament is a poker game. This advertisement is a very clever and manipulating ploy, Marquis Roy.” I shake my index finger and reprimand card shark Roy.
“Remember, the first 500 guests get free hotel service and free food.” Roy nods. Then, his face is replaced with a fishing tournament. I close and lock the aft hatch on the zipper after removing some nasty looking weapons into the empty storage closet.
I shout for fun, tossing my arms and twirling my body. “Free stuff? I like free stuff and free fun before my new job on the farm. Hmm! 150 currs? What does a curr look like?” I skip to the ship and then poke around the three compartments inside the zipper. Empty!
I stand and trot back to black marble counter. I nosily rummage inside the first drawer, then the second drawer. The third one hides a lovely red velveteen pouch. I untie the pair of white satin ribbons as the bag nosily clanks like a set of ancient Earth coins. I delicately pour several solid objects onto the counter. The objects are triangular-shaped in the diameter of an Earth nickel. The gold pieces are beautifully etched in markings of number denominations in the middle of the triangle. I see the number 50 then another triangle with the number 10. A third triangle holds the number 70.
I echo with delight. “Money, I found currs.” The triangles total 3,000 currs.
I shuffle my naked toes to the zipper and re-set the navigational beacon to Planet Resort which locates over the natural barrier formation called, the Wall. I smile and announce to the dead trees. “Conqueror Tournament, here I come.” Then, I yawn with an ugly mouth pose and stretch my cramped and tight neck muscles side to side. I eye burn the Museum, remembering there isn’t a room with a bed mattress, bed frame or bed linens. I twist my lips, ugly and ponder my new problem.
I will innovate something new for a sleeping cot as darkness invades the warehouse windows. I inspect the zipper which is half-full containing my old black Earth Government issued bag, shaking my curls. “This ship is too small.”
I two-step naked toes left to the carrier ship that holds six small adults and four large pieces of luggage, shaking my curls. “This ship is still…too small.”
The passenger ship has nasty in mind with the numerous spidery cannons pasted on the exterior sides. Inside the cabin, there’s comfort for fourteen passengers and twenty-six pieces of luggage…(yeah, I read)…a long padded white bench lines both walls. Hiding under the wood, there are lots of goodies, including an ample supply of medical first aid kits, warm blankets, satin pillows, and small un-familiar devices. 
I prep my bedroll of pillow and blanket from the ship’s goodies. Then, I plop my fanny invitingly downward upon my make-shift bed, body testing the clean fabric pad, very springy and supportive to my pretty face, neck, and shoulders. I roll lengthwise and face the wall.
“This is just right.” I whisper and close my eyelashes.

Day 2. museum. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. 77°F. afternoon. I inhale three deep breaths in and out while pushing gingerly the single ignition switch on the zipper. Piloting a ship isn’t an alien…excuse the pun…(giggles)….concept, while growing up and flying the solar equipment that hovers, glides, and soars around my 6,178-acre farm. There is the government issued solar train, also. I personal pilot, hauling my crops and my livestock while traveling at 525 miles-per-hour inside the wind tunnel straight to the tower controller in a one directional travel path from my home to the Bama-Hunts Biosphere. I hear the rumble of the thrusters on the zipper.
Today, my short flying trip will venture into a dark, black, and cold outer space with lots of unlimited stars, moons, planets, and asteroids for collide like a pin ball game. I wear one tiny star ship around my fragile flesh, blood, and bone body. I sigh with dread.
Yesterday, my first attempt at space travel lasted for four minutes as I steered using all my Tele powers the doomed space shuttle, after the real pilots were sucked from the cockpit into deadly wormhole wall. Then, I crash-landed the burning fireball onto the mountainside of Bonita in unknown universe. I sigh with bad memory.
I desire seriously not to repeat that arrival scenario as the warehouse’s roof top slowly fans back. I see a yellow sun and a blue sky which is clear of rain, thunder, and lightning as the heavens root my victorious flight.
“A perfect day for flying!” I quote for a second time along with a quickie prayer for a second time then forcefully thumb the thruster sensor to the “up” position. The zipper and I slowly float vertically between the dirty roof tiles.
Sunlight temporarily blinds my eyeballs as I slam the tinted helmet in place cooling my eyelashes. I gently jerk the joy stick forward as the zipper shoots out of Bonita’s atmosphere smashing me safely into the web netting into a dark and cold outer space towards jazzy and colorful Planet Resort.
I shout with fear and zeal. “Yee-haw.” I sigh with joy.
The stars lovely blur within my eyesight as the G-force yanks my delicious breakfast from my throat while bruising my shoulder blades into the soft worn leather back rest…(space travel, ya’ll). The joy stick locks, immediately. The navigational system computes my final trajectory and kicks into light speed travel. The clock dials backwards with a countdown 26:00 minutes to Planet Resort. I sigh with excitement.
My first solo Intergalactic space flight is success. Okay! My second intergalactic space flight is success, without performing an emergency crash landing, yet. The mists of whirling and twirling stars swirl beautifully in a rainbow primus of red, blue, yellow, orange, purple, green, pink, gold, and silver. My thrill lasts six minutes, precisely, without the seconds into my hyperspace flight while viewing the continuous mists of colored lights. I sigh with boredom.
I pull the electronic manual data pad and review ship steps. I read about docking procedures, passenger protocols, cargo protocols, an emergency repair of malfunctioned equipment, performance maintenance list, report stolen ship protocols…(giggles)…engineering specs. And, the ship owner is named Lady Rosa.
I twist my lips, funny and view the rainbow streaks, whispering, softly. “What’s the penalty for stealing property?” I recalled that there wasn’t any death penalty, only a guilty prisoner on the Prison Planet of Sahara located on the other side of the Wall.
I will not transverse that pathway, mentally, physically, emotionally or criminally. My heart pity-pats swiftly and my voice whispers, more softly. “Very bad, spending my remaining days of life, mining a pile of hard diamonds on some unknown planet in some unknown universe. First task, avoid at all costs and pennies the person named Lady Rosa.” I giggle in flute music. I sigh with thievery.

Planet Resort. casino hotel. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. 88°F. afternoon. The navigation system slows. I violently jerk from my light slumber and slowly wipe the yellow hard crude from both eye sockets with my right hand along with the mouth soft wet spit from my lips using my left hand. Then, I spread the sticky drool with a silver switch, flipping off the hyper drive off. I grab the joy stick then jerk my wet hand back and wipe it on my semi-clean jumpsuit. I replace my right driving finger pads over the cool metal.
I enjoy the wispy patterns of white clouds, dancing over the shady light to dark blue gallons of water, sloshing upon the single large land mass of medium to dark tan colors. The colors represent towns, villages, and shops of citizens…(commoner, who work, whatever)…along with the unknown inhabitants. Ya know the mammals and wildlife, not me, since I am not referencing me as an unknown inhabitant.
A sexy Male tenor greets friendly to me over the com speaker. “Zipper ship, welcome to Resort home of Marquis Roy and his wife Marquise Dee.” He breathes with a sexy sigh then instructs. “Please follow the red markers into the space port and secure your craft into port number 80.”
I obey faithfully and smoothly glide the ship forward then accidentally side to the left. “Oops!” Then, I jerk the stick to the right to compensate while slowing my velocity and roughly sail between an enclosed concrete squared-shaped big hole. I stomp hardy on the hand brake. “Dookie! Get out of my way! I’m new here, non-alien scum.” I laugh with a girly twang and follow the steady stream of soaring ships. My eyeballs find and locate port number 80.
I stop then slowly bump the air waves and roughly tap the front wheel, then bounce up, and then dump the three wheels on the concrete. I don’t celebrate, sneering. “Dookie! That was hard, not like home. Dang! I think I need driving lessons, too boot.” I giggle in flute music and shake bangs in my eyeballs then park the hair around my earlobe, a nervous teen habit.
I exit the zipper cockpit.
I stand with the hatch open and jerk my bag from the rear. I scratch my finger pads around the triangles that mark with the number 50 to feed the approaching human docking inspector. I pay the ransom while he silently directs me out the space dock along with hundreds of citizens.
I plop down the last step, lifting my chin into the sky noting the white clouds, a baby blue sky, a yellow sun, and lots of green trees and grass along with black soil, not red soil like home. I amuse at the continuous steady skyline and sun and clouds that doesn’t rotate on the color wheel. Then I swing face and eyeballs and absorb the fun colors and sights of orange, yellow, green, blue, red, pink, and purple neon signs that advertise fun games, glittery merchandise, big hotels, and good smelling eateries. Next I encounter happy friendly people as they smile, touch, and laugh with each other. I sigh with excitement.
I follow the batches of happy sexes of men, women, and children into the nearest hotel, observing that the humanoids look and act like me. They kinda, sorta don’t dress like my United Earth Government issued space shuttle black one-piece cotton semi-clean but itchy with dirt jumpsuit. The outfit represents a common blend of fabric and style. I own only two garments, this jumpsuit and a black T-shirt and matching shorts along with a pair of the black sneakers. I wear my knee-high black boots with three-inched heels as I pain attacks each toe bone with walking. I sigh with fashion-ness.
I truck to the blue registration center and register as an alien…(gotcha!)…my real earth-name and pretend native-planet…(giggles)…into the Conqueror Game. I pay and flirt with the 150 currs.
The cute Male with the sexy baritone grins with a toothy smile, talking friendly. “You are player 494, table 71, and seat 4. Your hotel room pass will display the location of your suite. The Conqueror Tournament begins at five in the afternoon. Enjoy your stay and good luck, Starra.” I smile sweetly, being accepted in unknown universe as Starra, not Earthling Starra or Alien Starra. Then, I swing my body and bag, hiking it to level 230 and investigate my private free room.

private suite. 230 floor level. “Whoa!” I sing in piccolo music as a side storage closet door rapidly slams open, revealing surprisingly. A large cylinder-shaped silver thingy like a trashcan from my house on Earth floats toward me like a ghost.
“Hello, I am Housekeeping 3,425 at your service.” It drones and vertically shakes its two metal crooked limbs like a pair of human arms up and down. It hovers the heated metal too close to my cute nose as I step back from the metal beast, presenting a set of dead pan straight lips.
“What?” I burp stupidly then drop my personal bag to the floor as It swiftly extends the metal limb. It successful retrieves the bag, before it hits the carpet. I quickly back step more from the vicious metal mammal.
A bot is composed of a silver metal finish of cylinder-shaped format with a set of protruding pointy mechanical arms and three fingers with no legs and a rectangular-shaped colleen in the middle (belly) of the robot. The units measure in height measures between two feet for Hbot or housekeeping robots to seven feet for Gbots or guarding robots. Gbots are used exclusively by his royal King Rex. The circumference varies with the height and weight of the different types of bots.
I read that inside the zipper manual, ya’ll, before I fell asleep from boredom riding hyper speed to Resort. 
It uprights, cuddling the bag near its belly and drones in a lifeless machine voice, somewhere, between a tenor and a baritone musical notes. “I am your personal housekeeping robot during your stay on the beautiful planet of Resort home of Marquis Roy and Marquise Dee. You can address me as Hbot, which is the shorter designation of Hbot 3,425, if you desire…Pami1.”
“Starra…,” singing in my flute music as Hbot metal points at my heart with the deadly pointy weapon of its hand. I step back from the metal beast towards the wall.
“Your official badge on the left side over your heart reads Pami1, which is spelled P.A.M.I.1…and is pronounced as Pami1. Welcome, again, Pami1.” Hbot drones then I touch the golden threads.
“This is my nickname. Okay. I’d like for you to address me officially as Starra…,” whining like I have stepped my new right cowgirl boot in a batch of motor oil crap.
“I am programmed to observe and record all new datum. The new datum displays clearly your name on your official badge is Pami1…,” Hbot drones.
I brilliantly say, smiling. “The math number which is symbolized by one means that I… am the only one unique…”
“Pami.” Hbot drones….way too smart-ass as I nod my curls, not smiling. Then, Hbot flashes pink and orange lights updating the electronic database. It drones. “Welcome, Pami! May I get you something, maybe a beverage, some dinner or set your bath water to warm or hot?” Hbot drones. I can live with the fake name, because I’m a fake native with a true secret, smirking.
“Prime! I gots a maid and…,” talk in my silly Southern twang, smiling with delight.
“That statement does not compute.” It hovers in front of me then starts flashing a set of alternating red and blue lights that beams onto my nose. Then, the beam moves up towards my eyeballs. 
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
I gracefully twirl about and face the window, saying. “You work similarly as an independent maid service, isn’t that correct, Hbot?” I carefully reconstruct my stupid Earth sentence.
“What language dialect is that terminology carried from, Pami?” It hovers in place and produces a set of new lights that glow in green and yellow, bombarding my nose profile.
I giggle in flute music with nervousness and swing my body to Hbot. I fold my sleeves over my jumpsuit, saying in a deep bass flute. “Southern, in the south region on Bonita.”
“I cannot confirm within my database that you are from Bonita. However, I will update that you originate from the region of Southern Bonita, Pami.” Hbot produces soft musical pinging inside its metal cylinder body as I grin with a goofy smile. I’m really from the Southern region of Planet Earth, because I am an alien.
“You do that, Hbot.” I smart-hole, moving to the soft bed. I lay my dirty jumpsuit and dirtier body upon the clean blue and bluer stripped bed comforter along with my boots. I close my eyelashes, placing my dirty hands over the rear of my skull.
“Do you require…,” stopping then Hbot drones. “Do your require removal of your shoes, Pami?”
“Naw.” I sing in bass flute.
“Naw. Naw.” It copies my pretty music and sings in bass flute as I giggle in piccolo music. Hbot repeats the sing in bass flute. “Naw. What specifically is a naw, Pami?”
“Southern…,” singing in flute music then giggle in piccolo, without shifting my comfortable position.
“I will record that…unique sound for my database from the Southern region of Bonita, Pami,” It drones. “You are a very strange citizen, Pami.”
“Naw.” I smart-hole for fun, chuckling like a silly clown.
“Do you require a private comlen for talking with family members on Bonita while you wait for your food, Pami?” Hbot flies closer to my mattress, staring me down with the silver empty teacups for robot eyeballs. I open my right eyelash noting the trashcan’s intention.
Hmm! The robot knows too much about me, now. These computers are super fast, here. I must be very careful and cautious around these friendly and knowledgeable flying robots and the more mysterious citizens. For the time being, I can learn about Planet Resort and their advanced culture. Once I’m safely on Planet Agri as a working farmer growing something type of field crop, I’ll not bother anyone, ever.
“What’s a comlen?” I ask, prompting on my elbows and eye burn Hbot. Hbot rudely direct points both metal flexing arms with a set of three thick fingers at the rectangular-shaped box built inside its square belly. The screen burns with vivid lines of rainbow colors, then displays in red letters, COMLEN. I giggle in flute music. This is another new term for me which represents a communications devise to talk to citizens by voice and view citizens and places by eyesight. “Is this how I communication with folks…”
“What is a ‘folks’, Pami?” Hbot is too smart for a trashcan as I swing my face to the wall, looking for that creepy cockroach, pondering deeply.
“Folks is a term used in Southern Bonita that represents…uh…citizens.” I lie honestly, then swing my face, grinning with a sweet smile. I nod. Hbot flashes more green and yellow bright bulbs in my face, then I ask in bass flute. “What’s a comlen, Hbot?”
Hbot stops flashing like a traffic light and drones. “The comlen is more than a verbal communication. It shows all people, places, and proper events taking place on any planet in the universe except, Militia, which are the twin homes of the noble honor guard units. You can interactively talk or write to any person, place, or proper event, anytime you wish. Do you wish to communicate with your relatives on Bonita, Pami?”
“Naw.” I sing in bass flute then chuckle like a silly clown, because my relatives live in another galaxy…too far for any facial or electronic transmission. I inquire. “Hbot, can a message be sent outside of the wormhole on Bonita?” Hbot moves my bag to the luggage rack near the window.
“Naw.” It sings in bass flute as I roar with jungle lioness laughter. Hbot spins its metal to me, not showing any human emotions but floats towards me and drones. “Do you have any important questions for me to address, today, Pami?”
“Are you male or female robot?” I quiz then giggle in flute music.
Hbot slowly descends to the carpet, without lights or whistles. It drones. “My technician on Resort is a very competent male named Tex, Pami?”
I giggle in flute music and leap, kitten-like from the soft bed, winking my eyelash, right at Hbot. “You’re cool, Hbot! You are a male robot, just for your database files.” I stomp to the bag. I pull my clean black T-shirt from the bag, then dog smell my right arm pit and almost faint from the crappy odor. I ask. “Can I get my clothes fixed and cleaned, here?”
Hbot lifts and floats towards me. “Fixed. What mechanical item do you possess that needs to be fixed, Pami?”
I violently rip a small hole in the bottom hem tearing loose a slender rectangular sorry shape of fabric. I press it over the golden threads PAMI1, covering the visual name, commanding. “Please, sew this single piece of black fabric over my name plate. So, it’s fixed. Do you understand my Southern term, Hbot?”
“Affirmative, Pami.” Hbot drones. “Where is the piece of clothing that you wished cleaned, Pami?”
I cuddle the T-shirt and shorts then slip my body behind the bathroom door. I strip the dirty Tele uniform off my stinky body and then pitch the garment out the closed door. I giggle in flute music. “Please, I need this item fixed and cleaned, soonest, Hbot.”
“Speediness is my service, Pami.” Hbot zooms like a flying trashcan out my suite.

Auditorium. Conqueror Tournament. midnight sky. full yellow moon. 68°F. evening. I bravely stumble into the grand orange room littered with dozens of nicely decorated yellow tables and hundreds of citizens, who stand, trot, and talk with their neighbor. I locate my table number 71, seat number 4 with a placement card 494 and then quietly sit on the edge of the padded red chair. I studiously observe and impatiently wait with wild excitement along with the loud audience for the annual Intergalactic event. I sigh with nervousness.
Marquis Roy and his wife Marquise Dee handsomely stand upon the purple stage in the center as the crowd of game players and curious observers applaud wildly with hands and shoes. Roy raises both arms then the crowd quiets. He nods, smiling. “Welcome to my home, Resort. I hoped you have enjoyed your day at our lovely place, because there’s more exciting and fun adventures awaiting you, tomorrow. Let’s dispense with the talk of boating, jetting, skiing, and other water and sky activities which you have planned for the rest of the week. We have gathered, tonight, to tease, test, and tantalize your appetite of fierce, fury, and fight competition. Someone will be a winner or a loser. You decide. I wish each one of you good luck and goodbye in advance, if you do not continue after the first round of games. Begin the Conqueror Tournament.” Citizens go crazy by shouting, clapping, whistling cat calling and feet stomping like they’re watching a bloody cat fight. My table legs slightly thump against the tile floor.
My nerve ends shake and my neurons are wired and readied for the fierce action. Roy’s little pep talk is awe inspiring as he says, ‘a winner or a loser. You decide.’ I sigh with winner.
The Conqueror robot or Cbot acts as the only card dealer, card announcer, and game referee. It deals the cards, handles the currs, and distributes the physical jackpot to the winner of each match round. It electronically communicates each winner to the gigantic white electronic white board which locates behind Roy’s big golden oversized chair on the stage.
The board holds 77 slots of math numbers, no proper names. At the end of the tournament, a highlighted single box in silver will identify the final winner of each table. This event is a high stake, risk taking, one-shot deal, and winner takes it all. Loser gets nothing. I bounce on my boot toes in my assigned seat with excitement, giggling in soft piano. I sigh with intrigue.
The Casino uses a standard fifty-six card deck which includes the four wild cards. The four wild cards are nicknamed, the Conqueror cards. A Conqueror card represents any numeric or figure value but must be called, before the player’s card hand is turned into the metal tray for audit, verification and confirmation by Cbot.
Each player is dealt a total of five playing cards with the player in seat #1 starting the curr betting process. I possess 2,800 currs after paying for the ship docking slip and game registration fee, here. If this game gets nasty, I’m out of both money and luck. I sigh with nervousness.

Round 1. Conqueror Tournament. Cbot drones. “Opening ante, 50 currs.” Each player softly pitches the set number of gold currs into their perspective tray located in front of their seat. The clear tray retracts into the center portal located in the middle of the round Formica smooth table. Then, the tray silently lifts like an elevator and then stops under the glass covered dome. The gold triangles twinkle like the moon, totaling 350 currs. “Player number one raises the pot by 100 currs.” Cbot drones as I study my competition.
The gamblers are conservative as I by placing only the required number of 50 currs for first round of card playing. My currs should last a long time in this card game. The names of the individual gamblers are not introduced to Cbot, each player or vocally spoken aloud during the game. The citizen is a number, instead. I giggle in flute music at that silly concept. Therefore, I will stop, look, and listen to Cbot for all directions, especially, when it’s my turn for betting and raising currs. I sigh with attention.
Player #1 can pass in his physical appearance as a normal Earthling, wearing a maroon jacket and matching bow tie over a white dress shirt. He has curly brown hair on a peachy skin looking about 40 years old. Player #2 is a Militia guard that wears his white uniform with a pretty satin yellow sash tied at his fit waist. He appears 20 years younger with muscles outlining inside his white tunic and a very stern competitive look on his heart-shaped face.
Player #5 is an older gentleman dressing in a conservative dark jacket, a blue shirt with a rope tie piece around his throat. He has a pink rosy skin about 50 years old. Player #7 sports a beautiful white animal jacket with matching pelt around his hat from Planet Ice. He possesses ghostly pale skin with a high forehead, two sunken cheekbones, and long blonde hair flowing down his back, combed into a neat ponytail.
The clang of metal currs breaks my daydream. Cbot drones. “…100 currs.”
Each Player accepts the raise, placing more currs into their trays. I accept the 100 currs bet, dropping the precious currs and two dookie placing cards into my tray. Cbot returns to me a set of two new cards. One is the Conqueror card. I hold a pair of two’s, a six, a Queen, and a Conqueror card, translating for ya’ll dumb hick gamblers. I have “three of a kind” in the numerical sequence of two’s with a high card designated as the Queen.
My luck seriously improves as the time tick tocks slowly. I sweat inside my knee-high boots, without any emotional facial expression. I carry a pout, cute-like on my pink-painted lips… (yeah, pink lipstick, don’t leave the galaxy without it, baby).
There isn’t any time period on placing bets or determining the number of replacement playing cards that one needs to win the match. The jackpot stands at 1,100 currs. I sigh with contentment.

Round 2. Conqueror Tournament. Player #2 raises his bet to 100 currs as the tray nosily rattles with more of his golden triangles. Cbot drones, “200 currs is the raise.” Player #3 folds his card hand by placing all five cards into tray with a little fury. Cbot drones, “Player three folds. Player four bet.” Eyeballs turn to me as I do not smile, grunt, or sweet breath between my lips. I slowly collect my gold triangles, placing softly into the tray with one useless card.
Cbot returns a new card to me as I slowly lift the new card with a shaky hand drawn into my eyeballs. My neurons read the math number two, then I jump…(gotcha)…a make-believe leap that heart jumps my soul into the heavens. I remain stolidly a stone faced gambler-zombie, just like my nemesis poker player opponent Maritza. I hold a set of numeric two, two, two, Queen, and a Conqueror card that translates into the awesome “four of kind.” I see two, two, two, Queen, and two as I silently rebel yell, yee-haw. I sigh with sheath.
Cbot drones, “Six players remain in the Conqueror Tournament. The raise is 450 currs by Player three. Player four bet.” I place more precious triangles into the tray along with the Queen playing card for a miracle that doesn’t quickly come. I eye burn the useless card with the number nine. I sigh with unhappiness.

Round 3. Conqueror Tournament. “Jackpot is 4,850 currs.” Cbot drones, “Player four bet.” I quickly calculate the number, 1,250 currs is left in my money pouch. I will financially risk winning the first match in the Conqueror Tournament, battling against my competitive play mates with the huge pot of gold currs that can be used to set up a nice house along with living expenses on Planet Agri.
I physically release the currs into the tray with no replacement cards as Cbot drones. “600 currs is the raise by Player four. Player seven bet.” Cbot drones. “Player seven folds.”

Round 4. Conqueror Tournament. Player #1 rudely stares his furious pupils at me as I cut my eyeballs to the shoes of Player #5, who taps at the roaming creepy cockroach. Cbot drones. “650 currs is the raise by Player one.” I swing my skull at Player #1 and almost curse unladylike, instead present a set of dead pan straight lips along with composing my cat fight with my Tele powers.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
“Player four bet.” Cbot drones as eyeballs turn to me. I transfer the last of my warm…actually sweaty wet currs into the cold metal tray. My heart thumps out of my chest and dumps into the table…(gotcha!)...my heart thumps against my rib cage causing me to sneeze. I recover, wiping the clear mucus from my nostrils onto the playing cards that brings the cards good luck. Because if I lose, I have a free room and free food for two more nights, after that it does not compute. I sigh with panic.
“Jackpot totals 6,050 currs.” Cbot drones as Player #1 swiftly stands from his padded chair. I jump, kitten-like and accidently fling the chair backwards with my excitement from my boot heels. My chairs fall backwards onto the tile with a loud noise thud. The nice Player #3 retrieves the chair and uprights the furniture as I walk my boots in a circle, pumping blood around my numb feet.
I rotate my neck muscles around the casino hall, noting the citizens have dwindled from 2,000 down to 500 persons waiting for the end of first night of the Conqueror Tournament. The other 76 tables have finished playing, displaying the other 76 Conqueror winners by seat number on the Conqueror electronic board.
I see some unexpected action.
The smaller mod of 500 restless citizens steer from the red padded seats to the right, towards their right, in the right direction towards…me. I blink my eyelashes once, twice then thrice with confusion and the light bulb flicks inside my tired neurons. The citizens are approaching table number 71, my playing card table eager to see, who will win and who will lose.
Player #1 quickly sits as I copy-cat his movement. I sigh with hope.
Cbot drones. “Player one bet.” I excite with both doubt and sureness as Player #1 eye burns me.
I ponder my evil mental mind thoughts of implanting the word: call. I could use my T-power of Telepathy (mind reading), so I could win the first Conqueror game.
That ain’t right, ya’ll! That is not right, fair or just. I will not win by cheating on a helpless victim. I sigh with justice.
Player #1 eye burns me. “No bet, I call.”
Cbot sways a metal arm to me, droning, “Call Player four.”
I must announce my secret Conqueror card which acts as a wild card, before Cbot retrieves my playing cards for the final verification. I shout clearly using my Tele power, awesome-like. “I possess a Conqueror card. My wild card is the number two.” A series of tiny sounds of hand claps echo along the tile plus faint words voice near my eardrums, without the faces.
An invisible body with tenor voices. “Excellent.”
An invisible body with alto timbers. “Very good.”
An invisible body with baritone sounds. “Can’t be beat.”
Cbot quickly retrieves all the currs plus the two sets of playing cards. It studies, quickly and drones. “Winner is Player number 494, and receives the jackpot of 6,050 currs, and advances to the next round, tomorrow, at five in the afternoon of the Conqueror Tournament.” Citizens wildly clap, hoot, and whistle.
I quickly stand as my bony kneecaps and long legs violently shake with both excitement and exhaustion. I smile pretty and nod my skull slightly to Cbot and the nearby attending citizens and card players. Player #1 bows his skull to me.
Cbot hands off the heavy metal exposed treasure tray of 6,050 golden shaped little triangular currs in perfect denominational rows. “Congratulations, Player number 494.” I swing my body towards a side door of gray lining the far west.
I exit then search for a fast elevator. Hbot is patiently waiting with my prepared snack of tuna fish, a hot bath, and to clean my jumpsuit. I sigh with happiness.

Day 3. Conqueror Tournament. dark sky. dark brown clouds. rain storms. 65°F. evening. Round 1. Conqueror Tournament. The orange auditorium looks right as I calculate the number of card players and tables…(good at math)….ten yellow tables with seven gambler chairs. My table partners are louder, meaner…way too richer than last night. The ante starts out at the standard 100 currs, then Player #3 increases the jackpot to 2,500 currs within an eyelash blink.
I’m Player # 7 on table #10. I un-happily dump an additional 2,400 currs into my metal tray. Each winner…me…of last night’s first round of game had received the game jackpot plus an additional 100,000 currs from the casino, being an awesome girl…okay…winner of the match. This brilliant reward system encourages all the winners to return to win or lose more currs, so I get conned into the second round of match games. I figure out, even if I lose half my winnings, I still can attain my goals of living in a nice house surrounded by cotton fields on Planet Agri. The mental debate between my rational and irrational psyche is over, the irrational side wins. I sigh with satisfaction.

Round 4. Conqueror Tournament. The curr jackpot totals the big number of 314,000 under the looking-see glass while all players are active in play along with me. The Casino management provides an assortment of free colorful beverages during the fierce competition. I sip slowly and mark the water goblet rim with my pink lipstick while decreasing too dang quickly half of my winning from last night. My heart barely thumps. I sigh with worry.
Player #6 is a Sahara native from the Prison Planet which locates this side of the Wall thingy. He possesses a deep rich dark suntan glowing within his gold tinted satin-like shimmering tunic that covers beautifully in an assortment of precious gems of rubies, sapphires, emeralds, and diamonds. The gems match his rings upon his six wiggling slender fingers. The jewelry nosily clinks against the metal tray, when he bets. I mentally dub him, Golden-boy and giggle in bass flute. I sigh with beauty.
Golden-boy viciously enjoys raising the ante after his turn, increasing the current raise to stay in the dog fight to 23,000 currs per his sticky finger pads. The rest of my table holds a group of elder men, who laugh at stupid jokes, smoke stinky cigarettes, and mumble silly words into each other’s earlobes. They’re more amused with each other rather than competing for the grand prize, except for Golden Boy. He is very determined to win the game. 
My T-powers openly sense both his and my inner thoughts, jumbled feelings, and future physical actions. I play like a royal princess in the game and grin with a toothy smile, while mentally and physically communicate in silent using my T-power of Telepathy. I connect, link, and Tele. Tonight is my night, dude.
My playing hand represents an outstanding set of four Kings with face of the real King Rex spying on me plus the useless number eight. I could lose the money and my pride, big time, if one Player holds the rare and precious “five of a kind.” A numerical sequence of any five math numbers includes one or four of the highly sot after Conqueror card.
I smoothly drop the silky metal of 23,000 currs into the slot along with one card as Cbot returns a new card to me. I sigh with victory.

Round 5. Conqueror Tournament. “Player one bet.” Cbot drones. I blindingly focus with one eye socket which is quiet blurry, without using two eye balls on the set of five freaking Kings, compliments of the newly acquired Conqueror card doled by Cbot. Guess what, ya’ll! No man or machine can beat me or my card hand. I smirk with a crooked pair of pink lips, right deeply into my golden freckles then eye-kill for two seconds at Player #6.
I connect, link, and Tele. Dare ya, Golden Boy.
Cbot drones. “Player two bet.”
“Fold.”
Cbot drones. “Player three, bet.”
“Fold.”
Cbot drones. “Player four, bet.”
“Fold.”
Cbot drones. “Player five, bet.”
“Fold.”
Cbot drones. “Player six, bet.” Golden Boy eye burns his set of cards then views him. I stretch, giraffe-like my short neck to him, too.
He soldierly stands with his twin set of ripped biceps sweetly swaying against his fine body. I nosily gasp and eye burn the hot sizzling Male, who is more majestic in flesh and bone frame than the tiny picture on the small screen at the warehouse on Planet Bonita.
Dashing facial features of a suntanned deep skin, and a wicked smirk, not showing any teeth, he wears a bronze-colored open fabric vest, without a shirt displaying a set of bugling ripped bicep muscles. His shiny silk vest is tastefully decorated with a set of small semi-precious stones makes him a dominating presence inside the Casino Room. Prince Rann of Sahara rules solo the Prison Planet. Then, I see it.
Rann secret signals to Golden Boy in a form of an eye wink, right. I sigh with suspicious.
Golden Boy rumbles in his deep bass drum. “Call.” He smirks with a set of crooked lips, left and places the five cards into tray. He eye burns me while I view him. Then, he views Rann when I eye burn Rann. Rann studies me, too.
I blink my eyelashes once, twice and thrice while Rann still stares at me.
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
Cbot drones. “Player seven, call.” I hear my number but can’t pull my eyeballs from Rann. He folds his taunt biceps over his naked chest, smirking at me. My heart beat rapidly races and my neurons confuse with deep emotions. My stupid voice rings in a lovely piccolo inside my skull. Everything is fine.
Rann is kitty-cat curious to my eyeballs, but Golden Boy is more kitty-cat curious to my neurons, because he should’ve placed another large curr bet. 
He does not. He could the win poker pot and Conqueror game.
He does not. 
I quickly panic in body, mind, and soul and ponder a daring escape out of hot dry room, where I’m been sitting for four hours.
“Player seven, call.” Cbot drones as I snap my mind back into reality.
I swing my skull and eye burn my folded cards and nosily clear my dry throat. I meekly whisper, since the robot has super sensitive audio mechanics. “My Conqueror card is King.” I slowly place my cards into tray.
Cbot retrieves the two set of cards and drones. “Winner is player number 494 with a jackpot total of 689,000 currs.” I sigh with confusion.
I slowly stand as the citizens clap and cheer loudly with a few pairs of hands tenderly slapping my back muscles. I shake numerous hands with my loose right hand and accept the whispers of verbal expressions for my outstanding performance.
I stare at Rann. He smirks at me and then deeply bows at his fit waist. He stands, still staring and grinning at me. I rotate my neck muscles to the other gamblers, who totally ignore Rann and busy celebrating with drinks, smoking pipes, ringing musical instruments, and couple dancing. I nod my curls to Rann then quickly gather the money tray. I swing my body towards one of the side doors, skipping out the auditorium. I sigh with intrigue.

Day 4. Conqueror Tournament. blue sky. white clouds. white moon. 73°F. evening. Round 1. Conqueror Tournament. I possess 1,100,000 currs in my big fat cloth bag, stomping in my shiny knee-high boots and a clean jumpsuit into the auditorium, too intrigued with my super good luck and the mysterious dashing Rann.
Two yellow tables with eleven players are competing which includes the returning Conqueror Tournament Champion. The citizens wear long formal gowns, tons of jewelry, layers of fur capes, and silk hand gloves. Cbot displays a black bow tie around it upper cylinder area. I giggle in flute music. I sigh with approval.
Cbot drones. “Opening bet is 500 currs.”
My table holds Prince Rann of Planet Sahara, who owns and rules the Prison Planet. Governor Jon of Planet Uni owns and rules the school, where all kids at the age of four until sixteen years old attend. General Ira of space station Militia is both the noble and operator of the honor guard units. The guard unit services the nobles and their immediate families, only.
I receive three, three, seven, eight, and five as my first card-hand. I sigh with bad luck.
Cbot drones. “Player one bet.”
“Hold on a minute, I’m thinking.” Player #1 chews his lip, studying his five cards. I quickly survey the second card table on my right. They talk, drink, and eat like a birthday party on the other side of the room, not here. My fellow players are tense, uptight, wired, and readied for a battle.
The cute waitress robot or Wbot wears a black apron over its silver cylinder-shaped metal taking drink and food orders from the players. I receive a single sweaty glass of cold water, being way too nervous to eat.
“Player one bet,” Cbot drones.
“10,000, okay.” Player #1 grunts off-key in tenor as the currs nosily tumble into tray. I sigh with badder.
“Player two bet,” Cbot drones.
Rann calmly places the triangles into the tray along with three cards, rumbling in his deep sexy baritone trombone, “20,000.” He exhibits, granite-like a perfect poker bluff face, just like Maritza.
Cbot drones. “Raise is 20,000 currs by Player two.”
Player #3 is fat and tall General Ira. His life time twin goals are guarding the Wall and defending his crummy Conqueror poker hand. He views Rann and grumbles in deep baritone tuba. “20,000 currs, Rann! It’s only the first play.” Last year’s champ shakes his bald head side to side, roughly placing the currs into the tray. Rann holds steady his calm composure from Ira’s verbal blast and mental attack.
Rann can blow my nice little nest egg with these monster bets as I decide to stay or leave the game and the planet.
“Player five bet.” Cbot drones.
I debate, mentally carrying on my two-sided solo silently conservation inside my mind: call his buff and met his challenge. I studiously observe that Rann has returned three of five cards, holding nothing of value towards winning the match. I must show more strength, endurance, and independent living…here as an alien, on an alien world, in an alien galaxy. I sigh with alien.
“Player six bet.” Cbot drones as I place more currs along with three of my cards in tray which holds no value, either.  “Raise is 30,000 currs by Player five.” I share my secret and smile winking at Rann. He smirks at me.
Round 2. Conqueror Tournament. “Player one bet.” Cbot drones.
“30,000 currs? What do you think you’re doing there, little lady?” Player #1 playfully threatens and nosily dumps the required currs and three cards into the slot.
“Player two bet.” Cbot drones as Rann gently stores his currs and cards into the tray. “Raise is 40,000 currs by Player two.” Cbot drones. “Player three, bet.” Ira places more currs and cards. “Player four bet.”
“Too rich for me, Rann. I fold.” Jon smoothly jams the cards into the tray and then pulls his smoking pipe, motioning for new drink from Wbot.
Cbot drones. “Player five bet.”
“Fold.” Player #5 says, surrendering his cards then exits the table.
“Player six bet.” Cbot drones as I stare at three, three, Ace, six, and ten. I silently curse at the creepy cockroach under my right boot toe then drop 40,000 currs along with my three useless cards into my tray. “Player seven bet.”
“Fold.”
Cbot drones. “Player eight bet.”
“Fold.”
Cbot talks. “Player nine bet.”
“Fold.”
Cbot drones. “Player ten bet.”
“Fold.”
Cbot drones. “Player eleven bet.”
“Fold.”

Round 3. Conqueror Tournament. “Player one bet.” Cbot drones as Player #1 puts his card into the tray and folds, eye burning me. “Player two bet.”
“I believe our game needs more bite.” Rann smirks at me, dumping more currs and no cards into the tray. I study my lousy hand of three, three, seven, eight, ten.
Cbot drones. “Raise is 50,000 currs by Player two. Player six bet.”
I eye burn my sucky cards, then flick my gray pupils at handsome Rann. He didn’t exchange any additional playing cards.
I nosily drop the handful of currs into the tray and three useless cards. You are buffing, buddy. 
Cbot drones. “Raise is 55,000 currs by Player six.”

Round 4. Conqueror Tournament. “Player two bet.” Cbot drones as Rann eye burns me, slipping more his currs with any more cards into his slot. “Raise is 60,000 currs by Player two.” Cbot drones. “Player three bet.”
Ira violently pitches his five cards at the table, missing completely the tray slot. He angrily fumes with a comical set of screwed eyebrows, twisted lips, and wrinkled forehead all ugly then yells at Rann. “I fold. There’s a personal tug of war going on…here.”
I do not smile, grunt, or sweet breath between closed pink lips, only a slick slight smirk at Rann as he winks at me.
My best card draw is a pair of three’s. Good enough!
My T-powers ping. Everything is fine, darling.
“Player six bet.” Cbot drones as I place the three cards and more currs into the slot. “Raise is 100,000 currs by Player six.” I hear the citizens gasp and murmur, then silent. They wait for Rann. Cbot drones. “Player two bet.” Rann places more currs to cover my raise but no more bets. “Player six bet.”
I quickly clear my dry throat. “I call.” I dump my cards into the tray as it swallows Rann’s poker hand, too. Intriguing!
Cbot drones. “Winner is 494 with a pair of three’s. The jackpot is 973,000 currs.” Citizens cheer, hoot, whistle, blow horns and go crazy. I swiftly stand and smile at Rann then accept the heavy money tray.
Ira toots in his tuba timbre musically. “I folded for a pair of three’s. She only had a pair of three’s.” I swing my face then the heavy treasure tray and then slowly pad from the table.
I exit the auditorium, happily skipping the joyous poker celebration. Hbot patiently waits with my special treats for me. I sigh with enjoyment.

Day 5. Conqueror Tournament. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. 72°F. morning. The last and final day of the Conqueror Tournament produces two people, ugly tall Fitz and cute pretty me. We sit prettily at the solo yellow table with a clear vase of bright pink roses.
The Championship Game will start at ten in the morning and will be known eternally as the “shortest” Conqueror Tournament Championship Game in the gambling history of Planet Resort. This event will be told and re-told in by moving lips for many, many years to come.
I will roar with my jungle lioness laughter in a future moment.
I digress, mysteriously.

Last night. Day 4. Hotel. Ten in the evening. My opposing finalist in the game squanders his awarded currs on his immediate family members, his greedy friends, and some new acquaintances with a series of extraordinary entertainment hours. During his sleep over at my hotel on my floor next to my suite, Friz’s party, partiers, and partying overlaps the wee early dawn hours of next day, the finale of the Conqueror Tournament Game.
I possess excellent hearing using my human eardrums. Thus, I endure and experience the loud, obnoxious, and rude Intergalactic Friz party-celebration inside my bedroom mattress, down my hallway, and across the city street from my bedroom bed until midnight and beyond.

Present-day. eight in the morning. I’m not in a very good mood. The lack of sleep always makes me, a very irritable, grouchy, and dangerously mean belle from Planet Earth, if ya follow my drift. I slump my elbows on the clean table with twin ugly black bags under both my drooping eye sockets, twin wickedly sunken cheekbones from biting my interior gums, a pair of fish lips, ugly, and ugly screwed eyebrows from the bright overhead lighting at the table.
I totally rein as Player #1.
Cbot drones. “Player one bet.”
I don’t smile, spit or speak, while shoving my big bag into the small tray.
I surrender then plop the bag onto the card table. I drone, “I bet 999,998 currs.”
Cbot doesn’t smile, spit but drone. “Player one bets 999,998 currs for the first hand of the first match of the first round of the final Conqueror Championship game.”
I close my eyelashes, laying my messy curls upon on the table.
Fritz cannot beg, borrow or steal enough currs to cover my huge outrageous Southern belle bet.
He sadly folds his five cards into his hands and taps them into a neat column of paper. He gently dumps them into the metal tray.
The citizens go crazy with cheers, whistles, stomps, and claps as Cbot drones, “Winner of the Conqueror Championship game is Player 494…”
I win by default or blackmail, take your pick.
I slowly stand accepting the heavy treasure tray of 1,000,000 currs. I don’t smile, spit or speak.
Photos are snapped while back slaps come very painful after twenty-minutes of celebration.
Then, I slowly stroll out the auditorium, smiling.
I can purchase a house on Planet Agri and then disappear out of eye and ear range as an alien, on an alien world, in an alien universe. I sigh with alien.

Four hours, later. private suite. 230 floor. The closed door eases open then I hear the bass drum timber. “Starra, I hope I’m not disturbing you, at this moment.” Roy’s plumb tummy enters, first, then his well-dressed satin shirt. He raises his well-fed rosy round cheek bones into a smile while standing in the archway of my hotel suite.
You are. I swing my face and smile, singing in flute music. “No.”
Roy motions his hand. “In additional to the prized currs, you also will receive complements of my home world of Resort a newly manufactured personal robot with the latest upgrades for your residence.”
A parade of four cylinders flies though the archway directly at me and then drops below my naked toes. Each one shines in polished and glittering newly buffed silver metal finish with blaring colored belly monitors. Housekeeping robot 3,425 stands solo in the wall corner near the blue sofa, tarnished and worn compared to new bot models.
I quickly march to the first robot, and say. “What’s your designation?”
“Greetings, I am service robot 85,921. What is your order?” It drones.
I side step to the left in the metal of the second robot and ask, princessly. “Your designation?”
“Greetings, I am service robot 85,922. What is your order?” It drones.
I shift my bare feet to the third robot, and sing in flat bass flute. “Designation?”
“Greetings, I am service robot 85,923. What is your order?” It drones with no personality, only efficiency.
“These robots represent the latest technology from Tech which is efficient, fast, and reliable. You’re one lucky girl, Starra. I received my new shipment this morning to replace the entire housekeeping staff robots on Resort.” Roy says happily with numerous nod skulls, smiling and finger pointing at the first robot.
I chin whip my face to Hbot, understanding that Housekeeping robot 3,452 is out of a job and scheduled for total termination. His dull metal machine has personality and character to me. I honestly enjoy Hbot as my companion with his skills of efficient, fast, reliable, and the new musical sound of “naw.” I giggle in flute music.
Hbot doesn’t just answer my questions but gives me detailed information about people, places, and things to survive in the unknown universe. It is not shiny but rusty; not polished but tarnished; not glittering but worn, probably worn from years, maybe decades of devoted bot service to the Resort Casino. Back home on Earth, we do not discard useless equipment since. We re-engineer the parts into something new and better, adding longevity to existing equipment and long term maintenance of healthy farm to survive harsh toxins bombarded by Mother Nature.
I extend my left arm, shifting my index finger at each one of the new robots. “Any one of the robots is a gift for me to pick, correct?” I swing my face to see Roy bobbing his skull up and down like a pony and smiling at me.
Roy says. “You may pick any one of my robots. You’ll have a valuable asset for the rest of your life. Personal robots are very expensive and only nobles can afford them.”
I swing my arm and finger at Hbot, grinning with a toothy smile, saying. “I pick Hbot 3,425 as my personal robot.” I eye burn Hbot as it doesn’t move, without vocal permission like a good robot.
Roy slowly waddles behind me to Hbot, waving sideways his right plump hand, saying. “This housekeeping unit has outdated programming and worn parts. I strongly advise against it, Starra. The robot will fall apart in less than a year. Please, pick one of the newer models from Tech World.” He flutters his finger pads like a flying butterfly at the set of new bots.
“I pick Hbot as my final choice.” I nod, eye burning Roy.
Roy swings his bulk slowly around to the robot and secretively punches in a series of steps into the numerous black buttons inside the metal panel. He says, without eyeballing me. “Hbot is set up to follow your voice commands, perfectly, once you speak your first command. And your specific body temperatures will be recorded and stored which is based on your pretty physical appearance.” He face flips to me, smiling. “Hbot will perform all your orders, without hesitation. That concludes my gifts for the day. Enjoy your currs and your new personal robot, Starra.” He walks towards me and extends his hand to me. I shake his hand. He swings around, marching out my hotel suite. I sigh with satisfaction.

ship docking bay. Hbot and I slowly stroll in the hot morning sunlight towards my stolen zipper. I princessly order my first alien command. “Hbot 3,425, your first assignment is to change your designation. How about ‘Bot’?” I nod, smiling.
Hbot slowly drops its metal rounded bottom to the concrete then punches with its metal arm a series of black buttons inside the hidden panel on the curvy side of the cylinder. It views me and drones. “My programming unit has been altered to adhere to the designation of ‘Bot’.” Bot lifts into the air for his next command.
“Bot, your second assignment is to program my zipper ship to the Planet Agri and register my name as a citizen and purchase a house for….,” princessly ordering my second command. I giggle in flute music.
“Agri is the home of noble Baron Bartholomew. Do you have a landing permit, Pami?” Bot drones.
“Well…I thought…,” nicely okay to visit Agri, due to the fact that I don’t have a landing permit.
Bot hovers a little too aggressively in my freckles and drones. “Pami, you cannot jet to Agri like a tourist, without noble permission.”
“Well...I thought,” continuing to explain my reason to the overbearing robot.
“Please don’t worry. I am quite knowledgeable about permits and protocol. We will travel to Commerce to handle this situation. I can access a remote comlen port at one of the many vendor booths and acquire a work visa for you, if that is your final destination.” Bot drones.
I nod my curls, grinning silly. “Agri is my final destination and my new home.” I sigh with confidence.

The Wall. midnight black outer space. minus 1000°F. afternoon. My third intergalactic space trip boringly lasts three hours (150 minutes in a Resort day) flying to Commerce which everyone rat-tattles is the center of the universe. I sigh with annoyance.
I scan with my eyeballs for the millionth space time second, the heavy straight lines of outer space traffic ahead of me with my T-power of Telepathy (mind probing). I wish, so hard, I could plow the tiny and big non-moving space ships with my other T-power of Telekinesis (mind lifting) away from my eyesight and beyond the glittering stars.
The Wall is a funky natural phenomenon that locates between two sections of the galaxy, composed of floating planet debris, pieces of space rock, and flying garbage partials in outer space. The space debris magically attaches to the square-shaped living mass of matter with infinite height and width forming a pretty grayish-white glittering wall structure, hence the Wall.
I listen to Bot’s boring scientific explanation then mentally paraphrase to myself. Some reckless stupid pilot has rammed his sorry ship into a piece of the space debris and lost control, hitting the Wall like a new art work while stalling the space traffic for three hours. Thus, I appreciate the beauty and the danger of the floating garbage bin. I sigh with annoyance.

Commerce. park. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. 75°F. afternoon. I dock and rock the bumpy zipper causing mice-squeak alerts from Bot, while I giggle in flute music at the noise. I sit on the upper level in the city’s landing port after paying the outrageous docking fee to the human dock inspector.
We plop down the short steps from the exit door of the landing port into the sunlight and act like tourists, walking along the yellow cobblestone street. I soldierly stand near the short square white structure and eye burn the same weather patterns of a blue sky, lots of pretty white swirling clouds dotting the skyline with a big bright yellow sun blinding my eyelashes.
The hot heat warms my cold skin from our space trip as Bot drones, breaking my daydreaming. “Pami, I will attend the administrative duties, without you. I will be exactly two hours. I suggest you enjoy the merchant booths during your free time.”
“Then…,” singing in flute music and fingering Bot. “You’re going to wait in line for your turn to process my work visa. And, I get to sightsee,” giggling and then rotate my neck muscles to the numerous rows of colorful merchandise booths.
“I will use the idle time to upgrade my applications with the new programs with your permission. This is not a wasted venture.” Bot drones as I bob my skull several times. I pick out the stall with the pretty foot wear.
“Okay…,” singing in flute music then swing my face to Bot. I princessly order with a serious timber in a bass flute. “I mean to say, very well, carry on. I think….,” the interactive conversation with the flying trashcan is bizarre.
Back home on Earth, I instruct with my commands, first, which is followed by mechanical robots, second, not with personal mechanic judgments of my mistress decisions. Bot lifts and flies away from me in the north direction down along the cobblestone street. I truck my boot soles to the south, giggling in flute music. I sigh with adventure.
I elegantly Sunday stroll by the horizontal colorful commodities booths, peeking in and out with my face at the pretty merchandise, consisting of food, jewelry, house wares, clothes, robots, entertainment devices, and star ships for sale with payment of currs. I casually wander down the two rows of vendors, admiring the cute pair of cowgirl boots in the solid black snake skin with the toe tip painted in hot pink, my exact size shoe.
I drop the exact golden shaped triangles (currs) on the vendor counter and smile at my first official Commerce purchase. I swiftly trot to the wooden bench, tossing off one dirty fashion boot in exchange for another. I stand and swirl around in my new shoes, then my eyeballs spot the huge red structure.
The structure is rectangular-shaped and lined with gleaming four-story tall glass windows with a single gray door on the side that might hold spies. I giggle in flute music. I sigh with country.
The citizens huddle in a social setting at the main archway which decorates with two thick vertical columns on the end in the east and west direction of the building that holds the roof tiles up. Their expressive faces stare inside the interior of the building, watching something, mysteriously. I forcefully push, using my T-power of Telekinesis (mind lifting), my pointy elbows, and my pointy cowgirl boot toes though the massive crowd. This is my only chance to personally experience a new social culture. I snort like a wild boar. I sigh with curiosity.
Once I plant my new pink and black animal skinned cowgirl booted feet on Planet Agri, I will stay, foreverly, without the fear of revealing my true identity and place of original as an alien of Earth. These fine and dandy people, here, have lived a long, long time, without any interruption from Earthlings. I’m not going to be first contact Earthling, either. Let the United Earth Government send another space shuttle, my awesome T-powers can sense them a planet away. I giggle in piccolo music. I sigh with alien.

Auditorium. The elevated platform stage decorates with two sets of floor-length purple velveteen curtains framing a man and woman, who sit inside their beautifully golden oversized throne chairs. Citizens plant like a batch of wildflowers in series of six U-shaped rows around the orange-painted walls of the auditorium. I Tele-photo the image permanently into my eyeballs for fun, since one day, I will leave the new universe for home, Planet Earth.
I park beside the sitting elder Male, after I have elbowed, grunted, and bullied my petite body plus my cute cowgirl boots up the rows and land in the tenth row bleacher of citizens. He wears a bright blue sporting blazer to his kneecaps, a yellow necktie, and a pair of neatly pressed dark blue slacks which are tucked into a pair of handsome dark blue knee boots.
I nod, smile, giggle, and finger, then inquire. “Is this a play or performance of some kind?”
The Master of Ceremonies says via the confone (audio devise). “It is my great honor to introduce the next item on the agenda, Viscount Lad of Tech World proposal marriage to Queen Rita co-ruler of the Universe.” The citizens immediately boo as I nosily gasp and stare at the queen.
The tall shapely woman of long blonde hair gracefully rises from her chair on the stage. She wears a baby blue floor-length glued-on-her-curvy-body gown as the extra fabric in the train drags like a train caboose upon the polished wooden floor. In contrast, the short and round blond skull with a peachy tone on the male, who nervously approaches towards the center stage, wears a silver tunic and matching long trousers without shoes…naw…can’t see his shoes.
He bows at his waist in respect to the Queen of the Universe, since Viscount Lad of Tech…(recall the face, baby)… lives on the opposite of the Wall inside the other solar system…(yeah, I am confused, too). The citizens rudely boo in a steady musically tune.
My kitty-cat curiosity has attacked and killed that junk yard dog and now attacks me. I eye burn the funky-looking couple, whispering like delicate butterfly’s wings into his right eardrum. “What’s happening?”
“Rita is marrying, again, number six or number seven. I can’t remember.” Male mutters quietly in tenor saxophone near my left eardrum. I nod my curls, not understanding, totally.
“How tragic? She has seven dead husbands.” I express with an ounce of sympathy, since I don’t know them. I watch the live action commotion.
The Male wrinkles his forehead, ugly, waving his hand sideways hands as best in the crowded row. He clarifies. “They’re not dead, at least, not physically.”
I ask. “Please, excuse my continuous questions! I’m a newcomer to Commerce. I’ve never witnessed this event. Could you be more specific with your explanation?”
He nods. “Queen Rita can marry any noble she wishes when he becomes of age. Lad has three options for this ceremony. He can marry Rita thus his planet and his people becomes her Royal’s property. Lad can reject Rita…,” he chuckles like a silly clown, “…and die by hanging with his tight throat in the gallows. Or he can choose to challenge the Queen. So far, all nobles have chosen Royal marriage over death.” Then, the Male face flips at me as I nod my curls.
I word, faint heartedly. “I understand the booing at Queen Rita.”
He smiles, shaking his skull, viewing Rita. “You misunderstand. They are booing at Lad, since he will choose the easy path of marriage, instead of the challenge. If a nobleman wins the challenge, he would free to marry anyone he wishes and thus retain his planet.”
“Fascinating event!” I nod, asking with my kitty-cat curiosity. ”Has anyone ever won this…challenge?”
“I was…,” he says, incompletely.
Master of Ceremonies says via the confone. “I present the hand of Queen Rita to Viscount Lad of Tech for their Royal marriage. If anyone accepts the challenge in Viscount Lad's place, you should speak now…or never.”
I drop my jaw with surprise and quiz with amusement. “Someone else can take his place?”
“If that person wins, Lad will be free of Rita,” he grins at me, nodding, nicely.
“What’s the challenge?” I inquire, hungrily.
“A riddle,” he sings in tenor music as I smile with a deceptive grin, since I like solving riddles.
I face flip and study the young couple, finding. I greatly dislike this Queen Rita of the Universe person. But, the Poker game has taught me to keep my cute nose out of public events inside unknown universe, being a teen alien. Geez!
However, I feel lucky and triumphant after winning the annual Intergalactic card game, since my ego is super inflated, super sized, and super stupid. This is my last social contact with these fine folks. I giggle. If this guy gets out of a Royal marriage that he doesn’t want, then I’ve done my good deed for the day. I giggle in piccolo music. I sigh with arrogance.
I toss my arm following by my shortness and wave wildly like a flying flag. I Tele-kick my Telepathy (mind sending) and heighten my normal flute soprano voice into the right eardrum of the Master of Ceremonies over the smelly and noisy citizens. “I accept.”
“Wait!” The Male sings in saxophone, too late.
I tap then trip then tap my new cowgirl boots rapidly down the row of bleaches as mean folks don’t part kindly for me. Then, I jump, kitten-like from the second row and deftly land on my boots soles bending at the kneecaps.
I swiftly stand as the citizens hoot, wildly. I quickly priss my bee_hind into the center of polished floor, waving my arm and shouting. “I accept the challenge.”
Lad swing a face to me, nodding and smiling in sync as I strut princessly to save his fanny from the evil beast. Rita folds two blue sleeves over her pretty dress and stares a series of invisible heated fireballs at my skull, but misses. I giggle in flute music. Rita voices in her sexy alto clarinet. “Identify yourself, peasant?”
“Your Majesty, the Challenger does not have to present herself with name, title or status. This is the law,” the Master of Ceremonies prettily explodes the surprise to me. I smiles as citizens hoot and cheer loudly. I nod my curls, since I like him, this law, this universe, not Rita. “I am required to ask two questions, before we commence. Do you accept Viscount Lad's place?” He proclaims in legal terms.
I nod my curls and sing in flute music, smiling. “Yes.”
“Do you as Viscount Lad’s replacement accept the rewards and consequences of your actions?” He keeps asking more nosy questions.
I nod my curls and sing in clarinet music, grinning. “Yes.”
“We will begin the Challenge. If the Challenger correctly answers the riddle, Viscount Lad and his planet of Tech will be free of his Royal commitment to Queen Rita, co-ruler of the Universe. But, if the Challenger wrongly answers the riddle, death by hanging in defiance of Queen Rita’s marriage ceremony. Then, Viscount Lad of Tech must proceed with the Royal marriage arrangement,” He says as the citizens wildly hoot, whistle, and cheer like a group of scared black crows, fleeing the corn field.
I nosily swallow the thickly gathered mouth salvia that doesn’t dump down my esophagus as my eardrums hear the words, death by hanging. Then, my neurons echo the words, death by hanging. I tenderly, out of love, grab, out of reflex, my throat while massaging the dry spit down my tight esophagus. I eye burn Rita, not smiling.
She smiles sweetly at me, since the elder Male has forgotten to mention the death part of the Challenge. I sigh with fear.
The Master of Ceremonies quizzes the riddle to me. “The one, who makes it, does not use it. The one, who uses it, does not see it. The one, who sees it, does not desire it, no matter how pretty it may be.” He pauses for study then warns. “You have 50 seconds to answer the riddle. Good luck, citizen!” He finger points at the bot, next to him as the face place numerically countdowns backward my freaking final finale finishing fate…(like my ‘f’ flows, ya’ll).
“One minute until death.” I meekly word then eye burn the floor with the riddle roughly rattling inside my neurons.
“40 seconds,” the Master of Ceremonies maths.
“I wish Bot my cute and knowledgeable trashcan was here to help me,” whispering. I add a sad musically moan like I have stepped my right new cowgirl boot in a fresh pile of cow dookie. I eye burn the roof rafters.
“30 seconds.” He maths as time tick-tocks to my death.
“Think. Think fast.” I tap my temple with my right index finger for the solution to the riddle, saving my fanny, ya’ll.
“20 seconds.” He maths.
“Think faster,” whispering. I add another sad musically moan like I have stepped my left boot into the same cow dookie pile.
“10 seconds.” He maths.
“9,” the Citizens chant in unison with the bot clock. “8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3. 2, 1.”
“Zero,” a soprano voice sings solo when the audience giggles at the little girl.
I stand soldierly in my faded but clean jumpsuit tucked into my new black and pink animal skin cowgirl boots and execute Grandma’s meditation method.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
“The time has expired. What is your answer, Challenger?” The Master of Ceremonies smiles as the citizens coo like birdies in unison. I blink my eyelashes once, twice and thrice like I’m flirting with the ugly man.
I smile sweetly and say smoothly. “My answer is a coffin.” Then, I swing my face to Rita, who snarls prettily with her crooked lips, left. I giggle in flute music.
My T-powers ping. Everything is fine, darling.
“The challenger is correct.” The Master of Ceremonies announces as the citizens go wild and crazy with cheers, claps, whistles, and hoots. I briefly wave my right hand to the crowd and giggle in flute music. I sigh with cheat.
I get to keep my pretty head, since I have cheated by a Tele-probe of man’s mind, holding the answer to the riddle. Hey, I like living, too. Lad nods at me and kicks in a slight grin to Rita. The Dress elegantly pirouettes and drags the fabric train and her fat caboose back to her throne on the stage.
The Master of Ceremonies nods, smiles, and waves his hand. “Viscount Lad of Tech, you are free to leave.”
I secretively slither like a rattlesnake my petite body and new cowgirl boot out a side gray-painted door into the yellow sunlight. I swiftly march in my boots until I hit the tender blades of a grassy park. I sigh with embarrassment.

grassy park. I plant boots upon the thicket of nicely dark green manicured grass looking like a carpet. I see rows of colorful garden and wild flowers with both hands parked on my hips. My nostrils sniff the perfumed rose plants, while my body and mind is far, far away from the noisy crowds, the vendor booths, and one angry Rita. I snort like wild boar. I hear birds singing, frogs choking, and tree leaves rustling in mild fresh windy breeze. Very pleasant! I back step and lovely perch like a birdie on the edge of the maple wooden bench while observing nature and impatiently waiting for Bot. My metal servant is late returning to me with my working visa permit and my house residence paper for Planet Agri, my new home.
“Help!” An invisible body screams in alto clarinet then repeats the vocal distress. “Help!”
Jumping off bench from two arched boot toes, I quickly explore the green grassy park, seeing.
An elderly Woman lies over the brown dirt behind a patch of green bushes. Red blood covers her arm and she appears half-conscious and totally incoherent. I nosily slap my hands together and create a healing bubble, using my T-power of Telemetabolics (healing touch). I touch her wounded arm.
Ten seconds later, her blood stops flowing onto her yellow dress as the blood vessel concatenates, swiftly. In time, her body’s natural healing properties will mend the vein in her arm in a couple of days.
I carefully wipe her sweaty forehead with a cloth from her other palm. Her blue eyes flicker open while her queen-sized body stirs slowly. Then, the elderly lady of blonde hair with tiny touches of gray color at her temple and soft pale skin with pink apple cheeks sits upright at her waist. She eye burns me and voices in a calmly alto clarinet. “Thank you, my dear. You saved my life.”
I hold her healthy forearm with both my hands and question. “Can you stand? I’m going to escort you to a medical facility. You need to see a physician.”
“I do not need a doctor,” the Lady implores then slowly stands as I assist her tallness upon the grass. She steadies on her shoes, saying with authority. “I can walk. I need to get home. I must get home.” She nervously presses the wrinkled dress with both open palms, facing me. She says, curtly. “Can you take me home?” I can’t ignore an injured woman, maybe she lives around the corner of buildings near of the grass park.
I scan the grass park, seeing no streets, houses or structures. But, I feel her eyeballs upon me then swing my face at her. I decide with full mercy and more fury, nodding and saying. “I will.” I ask, without my kitty-cat curiosity. “Where’s your home located, b…”
“Bonita,” she sings in flute music and smiles when I violently jerk my skull to my right looking for that pesky cockroach inside the green bush near the pink rose petals.
My T-powers ping. Everything is fine, darling.
I back step from her, being the thief as she shuffles and sway her body and smile side to side, nodding. I verify, confirm, and validate the planet, frowning, ugly. “You want me to take your person, b…”
“Bonita. If you do not, your ship craft does? Shall we go, young lady?” She grabs my right arm and swings us towards the concrete sidewalk.  I view the roses then the sky, then the concrete pavement strolling along with her while trying to ponder another non-criminal solution.
I view her, saying. “I’m Starra. I do know the location of b…Bonita,” nosily swallowing the gathered thickly mouth salvia and then roughly coughs covering my free hand over my lips. We pad like a pair of old friends to her ship which will take me back to the scene of my crime. I finger point at the correct landing port. “This way, please.”
During our Sunday stroll towards her stolen zipper by me, I hear in loud baritone machine sound, “Pami…,” I stop walking and swing my face to Bot, who is hauling metal towards us. I afraid It will reveal my secret, swinging my body, intersecting Bot at the street crosswalk.
I drag Its metal can to the farthest thick tall tree. Bot drones with a series of new musically notes plus pretty colorful lights. “You possess a work visa to Agri, Pami. I would like to stay on Planet Commerce upgrading my computer system memory. Then, I will return via a supply carrier ship to the planet of Bonita which will be sent down in a supply flying pod. I will successfully land on the docking port of the Bonita castle per the building’s architectural drawings inside my database.” I nod, silently. Bot flies backwards from me in Its amazing astrophysics maneuver. I giggle in piccolo music.
I exhale then inhale, pondering the question. Why the elderly Lady take same star ship to her planet and then land in a supply pod on the dock of her castle? I snort like a wild boar. The woman is hurt, elder, and can’t fit her queen-sized body into a pod.
I get to fly her home while showing a little respect as well as some compassion and complete understanding for the elderly. I sigh with annoyance.
I back step performing my own backwards astrophysics maneuver then swing a sour puss face to the Lady.
I extend my arm for her support. She grabs it, pulling me into her breasts, smiling and giggling with glee.

Twenty-three minutes, later.  Lady Rosa talks….way too much on our slo mo stroll in the hot sun supplying her information in too much freaking detail for both my earlobes and neurons. She lives in a castle in the northern hemisphere of Bonita with two young teenagers, Lady Ann and Lord Dirk. The young teens were orphaned as babies, living on Bonita, since their birth.
Rosa is their mother, tutor, and guardian as I exponentially grow fond of Rosa. She is very similar in character to my Grandma Starbuck. I miss so much along with my friends, my plantation, and my world. I sigh with homesickness.

Bonita. Castle. Lady Rosa. blue sky. white clouds. orange pink sunset. 71°F. evening. I rock with a really good seasick motion the zipper onto the concrete landing pad of a different building that resides on dead Bonita. Rosa mice squeaks in both emotional and physical alarm as I smirk with a set of crooked lips, right. Then, I slam the three wheels upon the hard surface. Rosa rapidly jerks open the passenger door to vomit green puke…just kidding…while I restrain a truly ugly word or two.
I pop the hatch and soldierly stand on the lowest level of the castle that houses a single 50 feet long by 60 feet wide landing pad beside a set of patio doors. I quickly survey and swiftly conclude, I am unable to detect with my awesome T-powers her physical person inside her castle. 
And, I have discovered the reason, seeing with two normal eyeballs. 
The massive three-story structure is covered with a sickly brown and yucky yellow rows of thick moss growing through the crumbling rocks from the rooftop to the doorstop much similar to a pile of loose brown stones laying in the grass rather than a residence for living and breathing people. I sigh with deception.
Translation, ya’ll. Both the building and people are semi-dead like semi-zombies, only the native-kind. I giggle in flute music.
I stand, still in my dirty jumpsuit.
No formal greeting! I Tele-view the interior décor and feel two life forms, while one is quiet faint in my metaphysical sight. Rosa forcefully grabs my right hand like an old friend, breaking my concentration.

Parlor room. She leads me into the dull worn brown ancient Parlor Room as my nostrils inflame with dirty stinky air. I roughly wheeze out clear mucus then politely cover my mouth with my free hand until the nasty germs of the manor penetrates my healthy sinuses. We prance like a pair of ponies into the large room, in there, sitting ugly is a young Male of about sixteen years old. He displays a horse-slender shaped face, featuring a flat nose, a semi-round chin, a wide pair of dark green eyes with a long forehead. Red thin strands of straight hair cover his right eyeball and part of his pale ghostly white skin tone. He wears a greenish-yellow tunic, matching pants which are neatly tucked into a pair of brown knee-high boots. His bright red lips are crooked to the left, staring me down like an upcoming cowboy-cowgirl bang, bang gun shoot-out.
“Lord Dirk, this is Lady Starra. She is my cousin from the southern hemisphere of Bonita.” Rosa wrongly introduces, since I’m not her cousin or her kin. I cut my eyelashes at Rosa and then viciously attack her wicked mental thoughts using my Telepathy. She elegantly tosses a strong Tele-shield around her neurons. I slightly drop my jaw, when I can’t read her closed mind or her secret hidden motive or her deception of Lord Dirk. I sigh with frustration.
I quietly feel a mental cold probe assaulting ferociously my own brain then swing a face and eye burn Dirk, who tries unsuccessfully to scan me with his Telepathy. I swiftly flip flop the Tele gesture mentally using my Telepathy, reading easily his open thoughts. I present as a total shocking surprise to him, since he does not like me, one and totally questions my appearance, two as Rosa’s cousin. I sigh with curiosity.
Dirk talks in his dull tenor with a curt attitude. “I’ll be leaving shortly for the rest of the evening. I will see both of you…tomorrow.” He elegantly stands….way too tall at six feet, and one inch of slender frame, then swiftly deserts us, body spinning his tallness out the archway. I eye burn Rosa when a quiet un-familiar Female passes by the Parlor door.
The tall pale Female stops her body then eyeballs us.
Rosa lies, correctly. “Ann, this is my cousin, Starra,” patting my right arm like a doggies, smiling.
“Hello, Lady Starra. Welcome to Bonita castle. I hope your visit is enjoyable, here.” Ann whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings and barely smiles. She blinks her eyelashes slo mo like she’s tired or sick or zombie dead.
“Thank you very much, Lady Ann. I think of this place as home, already.” I ramble mindlessly trying to be nice to her, since Ann looks frail and skinny almost skeletal in frame with an ashen complexion like a white foggy mist rolling over a cotton field in early morning springtime.
“I’m going to retire, Lady Rosa. I’m not feeling well. Please, excuse me.” Ann fads her words along with her frail body at the same time, padding soft shoes down the empty hallway. She disappears around the wall corner.
“My dear, we will see you, tomorrow.” Rosa yells at the bony body.
Tomorrow. Not. The words violently erupt into my mental mind by Teleclairvoyance of future prediction, that girl will not live to see the morning. I shut off Ann’s medical condition. I quickly switch my neurons back to Rosa along with my eyeballs. She has lots of answers to my many puzzled and concerned questions. I sigh with inquisitiveness.
“Walk with me across the hallway, my dear.” Rosa pulls on my arm while finger points at the interior color of another brown room. I swing my face back towards hallway, then the flooring, then the ceiling. I Tele-peek around the far corner at end of hallway, noting, all in a dull fading once, maybe, rich color of brown. Rosa pulls my right forearm deeply into the room, where walls of book stacks, book shelves, and zillions of books hug like newlyweds on three sides of the room.
The Library holds a comfy brown sofa for reading along with a wooden desk and a padded wooden straight-back chair for writing. The only naked wall is made of glass windows, showing a bleak yellow and brown dead world of Bonita. I sigh with homesickness.
Earth will eventually look similar to this world, dry, brown, and dead. I wish to go back home helping my farm and Ming plan the trip back here to Bonita to survive the radiated poisoned atmosphere.
Rosa trots to the sofa holding my hand like a toddler, sending a batch of serene, calm, and thoughtful warm emotions to my brain cells. However, she doesn’t seem to know about my identity, my originals, and my alien. I sigh with secret.
“My dear, I have a confession to make to you.” Rosa suddenly stops her body and twirls her face to me as we stand before the sofa. “I know who you are.” She nods as I nosily gasp.
“You mean….,” rudely finger point to the ceiling that represents Planet Earth.
“You came from Earth in the flaming star ship which crash landed here on Bonita.” Rosa sums as I nosily swallow the gathered mouth salvia after being discovered so soon and so quickly. She gently pats my arm, grinning with a toothy smile, saying. “Do not worry, my dear, your little secret is safe with me. No one else knows what you are. We want it to remain that way. Earthlings are not well received in this galaxy.” She nods as I drop my jaw and sit on the sofa and eye burn my new boots. My stomach violently flip flops, being the threatening alien.
I view her, asking with my kitty-cat curiosity. “What gave me away? I’m so transparent to your people with my appearance and my behavior.”
“Your pretty appearance is acceptable as a citizen of this universe. But, I will add that your irrational and unpredictable behavior is both very unique and unacceptable for a proper Bonitian noble. We will work on your attitude.” Rosa chuckles like a silly clown then tenderly pats my arm.
I stress out, totally. “The ship…that I was flying. You recognized the zipper I was flying.” I shake my bangs into my eyeballs.
“I have special abilities like you.” Rosa grins.
“You... are... like... me.” I staccato in flute music, since I’m an Earthling as the single light bulb brilliantly ignites inside my neurons. I specify and look at her healing wound. “The injury to your arm in wooded park, it was an experiment. You were testing me.”
“You have a very quick mind, my dear. I had to be certain.” Rosa gently pats my arm and smiles.
“You could have died, if I had failed and…,” declaring in shock with her silly experiment.
“Ah, the point is you did not.” Rose raises an index finger pad in my freckles, grinning wickedly. “We are alike in more ways than one.” She releases my arm then claps her hand loudly. “We must begin your lessons.”
“Lessons in what?” I talk sourly, sneering like a baby grizzly bear and slowly stand from the sofa.
“My lessons will teach you to become a member of this galaxy and a proper lady of Bonita.” Rosa grins with a sweet smile. I surrender the cat fight, since I must fit in somewhere between the two suns of the one universe. Rosa slowly stands and elegantly walks in her ankle-length dress to the shelf, pulling the red manual from the book stack. She pads back to the desk then places it on the top of writing desk. She orders. “You must read this manual from cover to cover. The Book details life in this galaxy from the beginning of time.”
I step to the desk, occupying the padded chair. I gingerly flip to the last page in the extra thick manual. Since, I like to cheat and bitterly complain, too. “This Book contains over 5,000 pages.”
“5,303 pages to be exact. I hope you enjoying reading.” Rosa sounds too serious and flies her fat fanny out the archway. I stare into the empty hallway and eye roll, beautifully. I sigh with defeat.
I open the worn Book to Page 1, seeing. I giggle, whispering, “The Beginning.” I nosily flip the thin pages in forward motion then quickly scan 1,200 pages. I call out in the empty room, meekly. “Done, Rosa!” I giggle in flute music. I jerk the book closed, then viciously open it back to Page 1.
I passionately hate homework and taking tests. I hope Rosa doesn’t return with a series of kitty-cat curious questions about my studying habits, because I want be able to answer them. The Book has trivial and useful data.
I learned inside the empty Bonita warehouse located in the southern hemisphere from the multiple TV screens and additional information that I collected from Bot on Resort while playing and winning the Conqueror Tournament.
Two yellow suns, nine colorful planets, the Wall, and a handful noble family, who own one planet for both profit and greed. I read the same learned facts inside the Book. All the noble ancestors are listed by birth, baptism, and death which compose a small section of the Book.
I flip over to a new section, seeing the word, commoners. I start reading.
The common class or Commoners live their entire life from birth to death on a single planet. They are realized and recognized as “property,” just like a plot of land, a hoof of livestock, and a piece of dookie used toilet paper. I rapidly turn more pages using acute eyeballs to absorb more intriguing data about the new universe, snorting like wild boar in disgust. I sigh with anger.
I don’t like the ownership of slaves as servants. I do own a farm that works, sorta, with the same concept as servants. My farm staff depends upon my land, my food, and my money to survive the harsh Earth toxins while living on one single planet in their own house. I do understand the urge to travel to a different world via a working space craft, pondering that people might want to explore more of the unknown galaxy rather than settle on their birth world all their life.
There are numerous entries that are handwritten or typed in a different font setting which updates the old pages and adds new pages, making the dang Book weight about 4,000 pounds, snorting like wild boar. I skip around some of the selected pages with different categories then stop.
One of the most fascinating facts is that these people have descended from Planet Earth and traveled through the same wormhole as me. They populated this universe, a million years ago.
I eye burning the yellow and brown dead dirt, saying. “Since, this galaxy is one million years older than Earth. Does that make me one million years older or a negative million years younger?” I giggle in flute music as I turn the pages in sequence, seeing.
The math pages 1,250 to 2,300 have been violently ripped completely out of the Book then starts page 2,301 next in the sequence from 1,249. I say. “Chocolate chip recipes…gone forever.” I giggle in flute music while the sneaky animal sound invades and lies visible inside the archway.
“Your presence is required for dinner.” Dirk says standing in the doorway. I thought he left the room, the castle, the planet, and the universe, giggling in flute music and twist my skull to him.
I greet with a friendly tone. “Thanks, Dirk.” He dangerously poses his sleeves over his silk tunic of a flat chest, exhibiting physically no emotion like a Living-room wall. I sneaky cheat and quickly zap a Tele-scan into his little gray brain matter, hoping to tap into it, again. He defensively blocks my T-probe.
“I prefer Lord Dirk, if you don’t mind.” He sneers.
“Of course, if you prefer, Lord Dirk.” I screw up the word order then giggle in flute music. I make new friends fast and furious around this new universe. Dirk soldierly pivots, deserting beautifully the archway. I softly whisper, “Lord Dirk, the jerk,” giggling. “Lord Creep is more like it…,” whispering it under my breath. I wonder with a mental scary thought, who might possess the same special T-powers like me, Rosa, and Dirk. I slowly stand from the desk and then skip down the hallway, locating the only lighted room in the big dark mansion.

Dining-room. The large and overstated Dining Room accommodates a long rectangular brown table with eighteen elegantly padded chairs. Rosa sits at the head. I scoot to her right, smiling my face at the blue puffy floor-length Ball dress occupying the head rest to the foot legs in the seat on my left. I eye burn the empty room for more invited guests.
Rosa says, smoothly. “Ann will not be joining us. She has retired for the evening. Dirk is going out.” She spoons her black bean soup with elegantly manners as I nod my curls. I elegantly lift with my Southern manners a forkful of meat to my mouth. She says. “Tomorrow is an important day for you, my dear. We are attending the Game on Commerce. Ann insisted you borrow one of her lovely frocks for the occasion since you are a newcomer to the event.” Rosa slurps her soup as I make the same sound.
My mind quickly races of Book facts. We met on the planet of Commerce, home of King Rex and Queen Rita, the ruling noble Royal family. I fast forward mentally to the different subjects scanned during my quick-draw studies, not reading about games. I ask just to be nice, because I don’t really give a dookie. I fake a smile, “I’ve not gotten that far in my reading. What’s the Game?”
“The wonderful highlight of the week for all citizens which includes the main athletic sporting event for socializing with all the nobles…a few commoners if they happen to attend the same parties.” Rosa smiles.
“Parties!?” I mice squeak, then cut my eyeballs to the blue puff ball on my left. I do understand the word, party but I’ve never been to one, socially, here. I suddenly realized that I missed a VIP important item in my brief studying, a few hours, ago.
I have more research to do later, tonight.
“King Rex will attend with his lovely daughter Queen Rita. I must also introduce you to Baron, Baronetess, Prince, Princess, Count and Countess…” She talks and eats at the same time which is an amusing trick. I just eat and listen which is a more amusing treat. I find Rosa, a most kitty-cat curious creature by appearing like a teacher in the grassy park to me, then her commanding authority figure to Dirk, and then her motherly instincts to Ann. She possesses a very unique personality along with some unusual colorful characters within her social circle. I ponder and slurp, then burp out of bad habit as Rosa presents fish lips, ugly.
“Sorry.” I whisper then scoot the used plate and abused cloth napkin on the surface. We both finish our delicious night meal.
I path up the staircase, second while carrying the long satin blue gown between ten finger pads ahead of me. Then, I elegantly trip on the twisted dress train using a Tele-balance to keep from smashing my pretty face.
Rosa talks and walks like a duck. So, she must be a duckling. I giggle in flute music with my silent silly rhyme. Rosa swirls quiet elegantly in her yellow-green dress, posing with her left hand on the wooden door frame, my new sleeping chamber. In hindsight, the rest of the doors behind my fanny were brown, first, and closed, second along the musky hallway of maple tables with glass animal figurines on the surface top.
The hallway reminds me of Grandma Starbuck’s antique rooms plus stinky smell. I stop in front of the door, tossing my new fluffy friend over my right shoulder.
She nods, smiling, too. “Good night, my dear. We depart at ten in the morning for the Game.” Rosa kindly reminds for the hundredth time like I can’t tell time or can’t count or can’t be an adult.
I fake a smile and nod, entering my new bedroom for slumber. I drag the dress straight to the mirror then eye burn me and mirror.
I hold the baby blue ribbons and bows to my body. Pretty!
I recalled watching a few sporting events performed at the Hunts-Bama Biosphere on Earth in which people never dressed like this. Tomorrow will be an entertaining day. I sigh with anticipation.

Day 6. bedroom. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. 67°F. morning. I accidentally overslept on my soft comfortable bed mattress from the sheer emotional and physical exhaustion of yesterday’s exciting events that happened to me. Bot hovers then quietly whistles into my left eardrum, which is the only exposed part of me. The bed blankets cover the rest.
I dream of a girl piloting her first solo intergalactic ship to another world, winning a poker game worth 1,000,000 currs, saving the neck of a Viscount, defeating the wicked Queen of the Universe, and finally, rescuing a noble lady in distress all in one day. Then, I roll towards the sound and open my eyelashes, seeing the hovering trashcan with no emotion or expression. I cut encrusted sleepy crumbed eyelashes at the clock that brightens like a night of fireworks in the belly of Bot with the time ten in the morning along with additional few minutes.
“Dang! I’m late,” whispering. I add a musically sad moan like I have stepped my cowgirl boot in horse dookie. My lazy neurons mentally remembered that the plan was to leave in the ship off Bonita at ten in morning for Game.
I upright, blinking my eyelashes once, twice then thrice while ordering my personal safety and nosy spying. I’m the alien here in this fairy tale. “Bot, set up scan mode while I’m out of my chambers, and record everything. Understand?”
Bot’s comlen blinks in green letters, affirmative.
I slowly stand and more slowly struggle with the soft satin gown over my hard skull, tossing my shoulder length messy hair outward like a witch. I grab the blue gloves, the blue fan, and the diamond sparking tiara, dashing out my bedroom door. I stomp like a herd of goats down the wooden stairs in my new cool cowgirl boots into an empty Living-room. Then, I elegant gallop into the occupied foyer, giggling. I sigh with happiness.
Dirk nosily taps a weird musically rhythm with his left boot on the sensitive tile as he dances with himself, alone, hugging both his long arms around his tunic. His cape sways in the air ways side to side from the mechanic blowing air-conditioning vent, not his natural vent. He creates a set of special effect with his grizzly bear snarling and junk yard dog sneering. I just stare smile sweetly, saying in my honeysuckle Southern language, which is truly different from the English language. “Good morning ya’ll.”
Dirk stops the weird music then nicely gator snarls while dropping his jaw into his chest and arms down to his kneecaps. He stares studiously at me. I quickly jerk my pretty face to the brown wall corner looking for that creepy cockroach. Rosa tenderly pops Dirk on his right arm with her folded purple fan.
Rosa says, smoothly pressing the purple apron on her gown with both hands. “Manners, children! We need to board the ship. Pbot drives.” She elegantly swings in the floor-length dress, wearing a white shawl over her shoulders, white gloves over her hands with the purple fan in her right hand, and a bigger diamond tiara over her crown than I.
I trail behind last in the duckling line. Then I glance behind my right shoulder, searching and finding. Nothing.
Rosa says leading the parade, while swiftly mind reading my open mental mind. “Ann will not be joining us, today.” Lady Ann isn’t present for our space trip to Commerce and something strange is different within the Bonita household.
I quickly Tele-scan for Ann, noting her presence is absent and her essence is gone from my metaphysically eyesight. I suspect her physical body is not there, either.
We hurriedly board the carrier star ship which accommodates us and easily more space available for one more passenger, which is piloted by robots, not citizens.
 Pbot or pilot robot blasts into a set of bright stars and a dark outer space, while my dress and I slightly jerk into the seat fabric webbing. Rosa tenderly pats my naked arm with a gloved hand and smiles sweetly, since Dirk sits in the front passenger seat.

Commerce. Castle. Lady Rose. blue-gray sky. white clouds. yellow sun. 73ºF. morning. Pbot smoothly glides and docks the carrier at a new castle which is owned by Lady Rosa. She talks my right earlobe off, during the fifteen minute space trip. I ponder a different subject, thinking that I need ship pointers on both launching and landing procedures of a zipper. My piloting skills are raw and crude flying in an unfamiliar sophisticated star ship. I’m a cave woman living in outer space. Ship travel is a norm, here, providing a secure and safe mode of transportation, jumping from one planet to another planet between the twin solar system and through a freaking rock wall.
I deceptively decide that one of more powerful star ships is my easy answer to getting back through the wormhole to my home. I sigh with deception.
Dirk and Rosa both disappear from my gray eye sight into the double curved archway. I attractively stumble on my right cowgirl boot out the hatch door, tripping on my beautiful blue dress trying to catch up with them. My eyeballs absorb the outer walls of the castle made of beautiful chartreuse (that’s greenish-yellow color) stones which is a dramatic contrast to the Bonita mortuary that feels like someone’s death warmed over it. I sigh with sadness.
The presence of alive gardens in pink, red, purple, blue, and yellow colors of both flowers and vines with a set of nice aesthetic smells of living plants and small animals, such as doves, pigeons, squirrels, and rabbits. The new castle is squared-shaped of three stories high with a flat roof and a nicely built three feet stone wall edging the perimeter of courtyard and gardens in chartreuse (that’s greenish-yellow color). The interior décor is both open and grand with two rooms, Living-room and Dining-room in the downstairs level. The Living-room houses four sparely chartreuse walls enclosing a set of old and worn furniture, one long sofa and two matching chairs with no wall paintings, artwork or family pictures. There is a small three-tiered book shelf of tiny and numerous glass figurines in the wall corner, an intersection of west and south. I sigh with chartreuse (that’s greenish-yellow).
Pbot drones, hovering on the top step of the staircase. “Lady Starra, this way to your living suite.” I hike my dress to my kneecaps and tromp in cowgirl boots up the steps, noting.
Pbot serves a set of multiple duties to Rosa as a pilot, a butler, a maid, and a spy, just like my Bot is performing in my private quarters on Bonita. I sigh with secret.
I dart up three steps then neatly trip on the hem while grabbing my body with Telekinesis, and then finally plopping my right boot successfully on the top polished wood plank. Pbot hauls metal down an empty corridor, while I haul my dress train to my knees, again, following.
Pbot hovers and metal points its steel limbs at the open door. I enter a new room, and a new world, while I feel both excited and exhausted. I sigh with adventure.
Rosa doesn’t have Grandma Starbuck’s flare for interior designing, since my room is chartreuse (that’s greenish-yellow). I spin my body around the room and note that everything is chartreuse, including the walls, the carpet, the bedspread, and the wood furniture, the only dang color in Commerce’s Paint Store. I giggle in flute music.
I flop onto the bed mattress in my tight dress, wearing the baby blue gloves and additional beauty girly accessories of a tiara and my cowgirl boots. I close my eyelashes, thinking.
Life is too busy, too hectic, and too secretive, here. I sigh with homesickness.
The window glass rattles and echoes with a series of jumping, spinning, and ear splitting loud musical tones of rhythm. I pull my torso on elbows and grunt like a wounded animal from the tight bodice that’s choking my healthy lungs. I roll like a pregnant elephant to the left side and stand upright breathlessly, trying to snip molecules of oxygen into my tight esophagus. I waddle, cutie-pie-like to the north glass window seal, seeing. A parade of numerous marching bands, tons of exotic people, lots of colorful balloons, dots of fantastic floats, many performing musicians, and batches of jiggling dancers slowly float down along the yellow cobblestone street.
I tap excitedly with my right foot to the infectious drum rolls taking in the pretty picture with my eyeballs. Pbot drones behind the closed door of my private quarters. “Time to leave, Lady Starra!”
“Coming…,” singing in piccolo music then slam open the door. I see a pair of baby blue three-inched high heel sandals hover in the air by the metal limbs of Pbot as it extends the object to me, like a live rattlesnake. I nod my curls in silence acceptance, understanding that my cowgirl boots stay home for this magic carpet ride, until I brilliantly can con Rosa into my way of teen thinking.
I back step and joyously hit the soft mattress with my legs, sitting and jerking one snuggle boot at a time off and replace with the airy simple single stripped leather over my naked toes. I swiftly stand and viciously wobble to the left and violently twist my body about. Then, I softly hit the mattress with all ten finger pads landing finally on my kneecaps in violent pain, before falling onto my pretty face, without my blood. I curse, softly. I swing my face at Pbot as it hovers by the entrance way, since it belongs to Rosa, not me and only obeys vocal commands from Rosa, not me.
I gator snarl at Pbot while viciously jerk the dress out of my way hearing a tiny set of ripping sounds. Then I sneer like a junk yard dog while slowly standing on my right foot. I balance heels until steady like a statue, slowly moving a left sandal, a right one, and then slowly move and stand soldierly facing the window. I exhale with victory.
I slowly turn my dress to face the door and sneer at Pbot showing no emotion or aid for me. I step a right sandal, then a left sandal, then a right sandal using a Tele-balance trick, holding me upright and uptight. I snail-walk out the room, down the hallway, and descend upon the stairs.
I follow Pbot around the corner, through the empty Dining-room, into the clean kitchen towards a closed door. Pbot swiftly opens the wood, revealing a long metal barge covered with thick ruffles of chartreuse cotton material sitting in the middle of a closed garage space. Rosa and Dirk perch on the top tier like a just married bride and groom with those scary faces of “what have I done.” I giggle in piccolo music.
Rosa rudely finger points on the lower tier at the small single chair with a sweet smile planted between her coral-tinted lipstick. She queenly orders, nodding. “We have to get in line for the Royal parade route, Starra.” I nod my curls then jerk my dress to my kneecaps.
I perform a subtle Tele-jump from the floor to the first step of the ladder going up to three feet high platform with my T-powers as Dirk views me, parting his lips with shock.
I grin and shove my body in my new walking sandals around the edge of the barge and then sit in my new princess throne chair. I giggle in piccolo music.
Pbot hides like a thief inside the deep cockpit, behind a metal wall of yellow cloth ruffles. It ignites the mechanical engines, lowering the barge ten inches from the hard concrete then smoothly glides it out into the cobblestone street. The barge joins as the last float making us “the caboose” to the hovering train parade. I sigh with excitement.

stadium. Bonita skybox. the Game. The happy smiling citizens wave friendly with both hands or accurately toss hundreds of colorful wrapped hard candy bits along with batches of single cut fresh rainbow colored wild flowers onto the floor of our flying float inside the one-foot high picket fence of thick ruffles of chartreuse, surrounding the lower gate of the platform. The gate protects, namely, me from both harm and charm as the big and wide Game Stadium appears within my eyesight.
A massive white super-structure built nineteen stories high, covering four city blocks wide as citizens flow on shoes inside the building, veering right or left for their assigned seats. Pbot mysteriously parks our barge on a quiet abandoned street located on the south side of Stadium’s main entrance gates. I perform a Tele-lift, landing magically on the vanilla-colored sideway then slowly waddle in a tight dress and loose sandals behind Rosa and Dirk. They depart from our barge and totally disappear into the darkness of tunnel with ten bright yellow stairs, of course.
I accidentally trip four times on the dress hem but gallantly catch my fragile body before an ugly accident involving my nose occurs. I suddenly stop at the mouth of tunnel illuminated with bright sunshine, blinking my eyelashes.
An invisible body shouts in tenor saxophone over the Stadium’s audio hidden speakers. “Presenting, the Bonita Noble family, consisting of Lady Rosa, Lord Dirk, and Lady Starra.”
Rosa waves lovely with a right glove and smiles with good teeth to the cheering citizens, while Dirk rudely ignores the loud noise, turning his body to the right with his silly knee-cap cape bellowing in the wind like a superhero…not. I kittenly copy-cat Rosa’s movement with a lovely right hand whipping it slowly in the bright sun and smiling sweetly. I sigh with adventure.
Pbot zings to my left and metal points towards my assigned seat as Rosa turns to the right. She disappears totally from my eyesight like Dirk. I totally concentrate on the tiny snail-walking steps, not tripping on the dress hem in my new three-inched sandals. Pbot turns left and flies up five rows of steps then stops.
It metal points the steel limbs at a small tarp-covered and squared-shaped Skybox in greenish-yellow (that’s chartreuse) located at ten-yard line of the prettily manicured green field with no surrounding flowers. The Skybox provides an excellent bird’s eye view of the trimmed grass, muscular players, and well-dressed nobles inside their assigned colorfully painted Skyboxes, curving around the second level of the building.
I climb unladylike to the top tier of five rows and nosily dump my wrinkled and torn gown onto the soft padded chair. Pbot serves me a cold beverage with a cloth napkin. I eye burn the occupants of the Skybox. Empty! I’m alone, again. This is becoming a routine habit on a planet full of people. I grunt like a wounded animal.
“Nobles, mistresses, and masters, please rise for our beloved Royal Noble rulers King Rex and Queen Rita of the Universe…,” shouting from an invisible body in tenor saxophone over the comfone (audio speaker) and shows Rex upon the comlen (visual screen). The musical band of musicians plays a rousing fanfare combination of tooting trumpets and rolling drums. Rex and Rita march soldierly from the dark tunnel into the Royal Skybox that covers with purple concrete walls with a cute balcony.
They proudly wave with hands, skulls, and smiles then regally seat in another pair of golden chairs while the citizens clap, hoot, and whistle like a litter of Woof puppies. I snort like a wild boar, thinking about the Royals. I’m still assessing the planet, the people, and the Royals. I sigh with evaluation.
Grandma Starbuck enjoyed watching all type of sports on the communications globe back home on Earth along with Ming and his relatives at our house every Sunday afternoon for some kind of sporting competition. They would hoot, holler, and hiss at the game, the players, and officials. I entertained in the fun of watching them, not the game. I missed those funny behaviors about my earth-family.
I eye burn the cold drink between my gloved hands, holding back the sniffs and sobs. I sigh with homesickness.
Pbot hands off a booklet to me, introducing the Iceman Snowmen versus the Sahara Golden Warriors. I giggle in flute music at the creative names. An Iceman player wears a white suit of protective covering, while a Warrior exhibits a gold armor. Each player is dressed in a helmet over their skull and thick hands, arms, and shoulder pads over an upper torso, coupled with legs, kneecaps, and shin pads stripped down a lower body. Thirteen players blood and die on each team.
A set of loud drum rolls alerts the citizen and starts of the Game. They cheer in musically unison, “Go”.
I study studiously the huge built-in comlens (that’s a visual screen) located on each side of Stadium’s wall, repeating the previous field play, allowing the foto (picture) run over and over, again for both all eardrums and eyeballs. A comlen is a very powerful tool in the sporting competition, since you can see a person’s mistake over and over, again, displayed upon the huge TV-like screens.
I don’t want any of my errors shown and displayed over and over to these vicious citizen’s eyeballs and eardrums on that huge comlen, ever. I giggle in flute music.
Citizens wildly yell at the grunting players as the solo Iceman kicker hits the oval leather ball high into the air waves then the single Sahara warrior catches it. The Warrior gallops his padded legs fast down the middle of crowded grassy field, junking his flexible body left around the Iceman. Then he cuts back to the right as another Iceman pounces painfully upon the gold Warrior. The ball flies out of his arms and slowly drops to grass. The Iceman scoops it up and runs his body into the white end zone. The citizens react with loud cheers, and vicious boos, and steady clapping. I do not understand the steps as I gingerly flip around the tiny booklet looking for some answers. I sigh with confusion.
“A most exhilarating performance, today, wouldn’t you agree?” A deep bass drum timber lovingly assaults my left eardrum. I swing my face and eye burn the most beautiful pair of gray eyes on the most handsome suntanned face with a charming sweet smile. The bass drum rumbles into both of my eardrums. “Hello, I’m Baron Bartholomew. An honor to meet you, Lady Starra.” He bows at his waist with respect and gentlemanly extending his right gloved hand to me. I stare into his face, smiling.
My T-powers ping. Everything is fine, darling.
My active mind slowly clicks while my heart quickly races. My neurons echo the word, protocol. I almost stand, instead quietly sit as a noble lady and swiftly recall the noble etiquette in that monstrous Book, last night. A lady noblette remains seated, extending a gloved hand to a male noble. I slowly extend a left gloved left hand to him.
Then, Baron tenderly kisses my glove and delicately holds the five finger pads a little longer than officially allowed. His clothed touch is felt both physically and mentally pulsating through both my human emotions and T-powers. Both grace and warmth flow through my glove and then straight into my guarded heart. I smile sweetly and give freely. “The honor is mine, Baron Bartholomew of the planet Agri.” I sigh with confidence.
Formal title, good for me! I need immediate assistance from a wayward Rosa for the rest of the proper lady noblette behavior. I didn’t bother to read that section in the Book, only viewing the pretty colored glossy pictures. At this point, I’ll accept a few helpful tips from a sneering Dirk, if present. I sigh with concern.
“Starra.” Dirk sings in off-key tenor as I whirl my face to see Lord Creep. Dirk stands beside the second most dashing man in the universe. He proudly displays his jeweled golden satin sleeveless and shirtless split right down the middle vest jacket, holding those set of rippling suntanned biceps.
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
“Rann…,” sings in his sexy baritone with a nod. He extends a naked left hand to me. I grin and snail-like extend a right gloved hand to Rann. Rann barely touches the blue silk. I immediately feel his hand both cold and piercing.
I raise with alarm my Tele shield over my brain and block a penetrating cold wave of frozen energy from his Tele body. Rann’s open mind via my Tele probe is both chilling and cooling inside my metaphysical body. I regard Rann and his metaphysical essence as evil. I sigh with danger.
I swing my face and eye burn Bartholomew, who is not smiling as his gray eyes scan in red alert caution mode at Rann and Dirk. Rann rumbles in a sexy deep baritone trombone. “Lady Starra, I hope…,” pauses for handsomeness then smiles sweetly, “…you’ll consider, being my guest, tonight, at the post party for my victorious team on my home world of Sahara.” He invites…way too fast as I stun like a paralyzed jelly fish, out of salt water with his words, victorious team. Dang! The Game just started, ten minutes ago.
“She’d be delighted to attend. We wouldn't want to insult a very important noble, such as Prince Rann. Would we, Starra?” Dirk swiftly answers and traps me inside a spider’s web as I eye burn Bartholomew, who only stares directly at Rann.
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
“I…,” do not know what to say, pleading for mental help from Bartholomew. I fake smile like a silly child.
“I assume your invitation includes all parties accompanying the lovely Lady Starra, Rann?” Bartholomew sleeks like a slug then smirks with a set of crooked lips, right. I swing my face to Rann.
Rann eye burns me then cuts his eyeballs to Bartholomew, grinning. “All parties accompanying Lady Starra are most welcome.”
Bartholomew nods, smiling deceptively at me caught in a spider’s web and asks. “What’s your address, Lady Starra?” He slowly nods his skull at me to accept.
I view Dirk as he nods for me to accept. I eye burn Rann as he nods for me to accept. I meekly whisper. “I accept.”
Bartholomew bursts into automatic happiness, chuckling. “Excellent, Lady Starra! We’ll see you, this evening at your victory party, Rann.” I swing my face and smile at Bartholomew as Dirk sneers like a junk yard dog into Bartholomew’s face.
Rann just stares and grins with something, mentally evil at me then elegantly bows at his fit waist. “Lady Starra, enjoy your afternoon.”

King Rex’s royal skybox. “The Battle is coming.” Rosa sours and impatiently taps both hands in her lap.
“Heed your words, old woman! Or, off the gallows with ye?” Rex watches the Game.
Rosa shakes her skull, frowning. “Don’t tease me, Rex! I’ve discovered the Catalyst.”
Rex views her with excitement and dancing eyeballs. “What is it?”
“The female named Starra.” Rosa draws her face closer and whispers into his left ear.
Rex says with shock. “A girl is the catalyst. How’s this possible, Rosa? The Book states it is a phenomenon, not a person.”
Rosa nods. “She is a very young alien. A teenager from Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy.”
“Teen alien…one of its kind from Earth…is here.” Rex eye burns his hands, then returns his eyeballs back to Rosa, questioning. “Why didn’t you destroy it, Rosa? This is your job. Which is why you’re the protector of the wormhole?”
“I have told you, before, Rex. My powers are weak and are growing weaker day-by-day, just like yours. We need to train more citizens to replace me…us.” Rosa wrinkles her forehead, ugly.
“Stop your babbling, old woman and continue with your story.” Rex nods, watching the Game.
“The teen alien landed on Bonita and stole the zipper, before I could kill her. I trapped her, here. She won the Conqueror Tournament and then solved the riddle for Lad. She has been seen by all the citizens and nobles. Starra can’t be harmed, now. She’s too well known, and now, has friends on both sides of the Wall.” Rosa nods, smirking with arrogance.
“I understand your dilemma, Rosa.” He nods, frowning.
“What are we going to do, Rex?” She frowns
“I don’t know.” Rex watches the Game.

Bonita skybox. late afternoon. I purposefully fret about the upcoming victory party and sweat in the heat on my face, inside my gloved hands, and under my armpits. Dirk, Rann, and Bartholomew have politely abandoned me to both the sun and my worry. I’m happy to have a neutral friend attend the party, but Rann mysteriously seems to be the most pleased with the final outcome over mellow fellow Bartholomew. I sigh with trepidation.
I try magically to use my T-power of Telemetabolics (body healing) to both calm my raw nerves and disguise the B.O. from my armpits, during the remaining hours of the Game. Not working! I sweat, smell, and stink like a septic tank…(like my s’s). I giggle and silently rhyme within my neurons from both stress and frustration.
I magically envision with my T-power of Teleclairvoyance (future seeing) the future events of the upcoming evening at the never visited Sahara castle with handsome Rann over the Wall. Not working! I miss Lulu and her accurate Tele talent along with my Tele friends and farm family at Starbuck Plantation on Earth. I sigh with sadness.
I have discovered early in my Tele Training on Earth that my mixed emotions cause or causes or can caused… my awesome T-powers of Telepathy, Telekinesis, Teleclairvoyance, and Telemetabolics to diminish, degrade or defunct. Earthling translation: do not work, totally.
Totally, ya’ll! This is very bad as I tilt my freckles against the head rest and whiplash my skull towards the big yellow sunlight.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
A whistle blows loudly as citizens nosily shuffle shoes across the concrete. I feel warm air then blink open my eyelashes.
Rosa softly whispers into my right eardrum, breaking my healing trance. “I do believe the Sahara Warriors have creamed the Iceman Snowmen by 45 points to 10,” giggling with a silly piccolo tone. I wrinkle my eyebrows, ugly at her then eye burn Dirk. He smiles then I eye burn Rose.
She views her shoes…naw…her dress hem. Rosa exhibits frustration, perplexity, worry, and unhappiness as my sketchy mental wordy images freely attack my sharp neurons, without a Tele-scan, ya’ll.
 Rosa looks totally opposite of this morning’s usual calm and serene disposition. I sigh with dread.
Dirk rapidly rat-tattles about my invite to Sahara. Rosa approves with a nod and a smile, saying, swiftly. “Starra pilots the zipper, Dirk. She needs the practice.”
My heart sinks like the Titanic ship, again, into the Arctic Ocean.
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.

Sahara. Castle. Prince Rann. blue and orange sunset. no clouds. 104°F. evening. Dirk’s zipper is sleeker and more powerful than the older model from Rosa’s warehouse on Bonita. He quietly sits inside the passenger seat and lovingly guides me through every light year streak off Commerce, through the Wall, down the stratosphere, along the orange soil, and parks in the landing dock at the castle of Prince Rann, and his wife Princess Viv. He doesn’t want to die, either. I giggle in flute music.
 I find the additional personal instruction from Pbot has helped my rudimentary piloting skills. The zipper doesn’t violently shake like a mixing blender or tilt like a tree branch, during my take-off.
The zipper lands hard, rattling my tooth enamel as I giggle in piccolo music, kissing my own butthole. “Better than my last docking, what’da ya think…”
Dirk is gone, not mentally, I wish, but physically. I swing my face at an empty seat, then huff musically with hot nostril air, shaking my curls. “Talking to myself, again, this is becoming a really bad habit.” He races away from me and the zipper towards a set of guarded twin archways on the castle. I slowly butt-crawl out the cockpit and step into tons of orange sand, invading my naked toe bones.
I lift a right foot in the air and beautifully trip on sand…naw….my dang dress, without landing on my cute nose, first in the soft sand. I Tele-balance my dress hem and sandals up about three-inches from the sand and then brilliantly levitate using T-lift towards a beautiful set of golden double doors at Rann’s mansion. “So much for gallantry, in this universe…,” sneering the lovely words like a junk yard dog. I fly like a birdie to catch Dirk.
The exterior walls twinkle brilliantly like a set of tiny diamonds under the yellow-white moonlight. Tons of gold granite slabs form a squared-shape much like the one, two, three set of steps of a staircase. The steps mathematical cut into nine elevated stories with zillions of elegantly round-curved protruding balconies. The balconies hold loud talking citizens and louder music noises. I’m impressed with Rann’s wealth and his drool factor coupled with his pure envy of toy collection of materials things.
The gold pathway terminates quickly at a pair of matching guarded sentinels, who proudly display a spear coupled with a sword and a dagger that clings to a set of golden body armor. I hope we’re expected. I giggle in flute music, while Dirk whispers a secret password into a guard’s face then magically a door opens. I trot my sandals and annoy in my neurons behind my master into the noisy party, where the Banquet Room echoes in soft music, subtle whispers, and delicious smelling food. I missed breakfast, this morning, due to sleeping late and was too upset to eat, this afternoon, during Game. So, my hungry pains are bombarding my tummy. Time to leave Lord Creep!
I waddle, cutie-pie-like in my puffy dress to a center food table, eye burning the white juicy meat platter, when Rann and his evil companions intercept me. I sigh with hunger.
Rann rumbles in his deep baritone trombone and rudely finger points at his posse. “Starra, may I have the pleasure of introducing my administrator of Sahara, Ty.” Ty nods, grinning in a toothy smile, while I return the physical gesture at a new face.
I have overstayed my welcome, here, in the new galaxy, completing a Bonita week (five days), since crash-landing the Earth space shuttle, feeling like an eternity to my neurons. I sigh with frustration.
“You’re one lucky girl, Starra.” Rita does or doesn’t compliment, if I take it the wrong or right way. I grin silly at her serious smirk.
Rann rudely finger points at Rita, smirking. “You met Rita, I believe. You successfully halted her marriage to Lad.” Rann chuckles like a silly clown and smiles sweetly at Rita. She sneers like a junk yard dog. I study Rann, then Rita, noting with my eyeballs and neurons. They both possess devious, cunning, and insulting twin personalities which isn’t my kind of people. Then, my nervousness evaporates, allowing my T-powers to re-emerge, noting Rita’s new dress for the victory party. I sigh with intrigue.
Rita elegantly drapes in a silky gold dress, cutting a v-neckline at the lowest point below her big breasts and above her belly button. The gown drips with an array of stunning shimmery jewels of rubies, sapphires, emeralds, and diamonds with the matching same fabric and design to Rann’s apparel, gem by gem. Two of a kind in the same suite. I sigh with curiosity.
I nod, smiling. “Correct on both accounts, Prince Rann,” using a formal title for a formal event. I hope formally to leave in a few more minutes…(ya like the ‘f’ flows). I nod my curls, biting back, figuratively and fugitively. “By the way, where’s your lovely wife Princess Viv?” I rotate my neck muscles around room, then return eyeballs back to Rann. “I haven’t had the pleasure of chatting with her, yet,” giggling with their secret.
Rann roughly coughs a puff of air, covering his mouth with a hand, quickly. He removes his hand, smirking, “Viv is attending to her hostess duties on the other side of the palace. She’ll be joining me…shortly. But, I’m neglecting my duties as a good host. Would you care for a drink, Lady Starra? This is my very special brewed concoction. I believe you’ll find it, most enjoyable.” Rann nosily snaps two finger pads as Wbot swiftly floats to him, carrying a tray of tiny glasses of red liquid. Rann tenderly places the cold wet crystal into my bare hand.
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
Staring at deadly trio, I snail-like lift the delicate crystal tumbler to my pink painted lips when a deep bass drum timber says. “Starra, I found you.” Bartholomew nods, smiles and arrives to safe me. Yee-haw! I sigh with relief.
“Baron Bartholomew.” Ty nods, bowing at the waist respectful of his noble etiquette.
“Baron.” Rita smoothly addresses, without hesitation.
“BA.” Rann grins. “Nice of you to accept my victory invitation, tonight.”
“I’ve always heard about your ‘wild and crazy’ parties, Rann.” He views the happy guests, then returns his eyeballs back to Rann, nodding. “This gathering seems very civilized to me.” He chuckles like a silly clown.
Rann smirks, singing his sexy baritone. “Ah! The evening is young along with my guests, BA…,” chuckling like a silly clown as Bartholomew narrows his eyelids at Rann.
Bartholomew gently touches my left forearm as I view his searing eyes. Then, he smiles at me, “I want you to meet Duchess Las.” He chip whips his face to Rann, saying. “Will you please excuse us? Rann. Rita. Ty,” bowing his skull. We twist our bodies away from the motley crew and cuddle arm-in-arm, saying. “I’ll take your beverage. Rann enjoys having…way too much fun with his guests.” He chuckles like a silly clown then gently places the glass upon an empty table.
I nod. “Hence the words, ‘wild and crazy’….,” snorting unladylike like a wild boar then giggle in flute music.
I bug cuddle really close into Bartholomew’s dark green silk cloak with his right arm wrapped tightly around my waist, walking towards a set of patio doors far away from Rann.
He nods, inquiring with delight. “Are you hungry, Starra?” He rudely fingers a new food table as I suddenly stop walking with both fear and flight.
I fear with query. “I’m afraid to ask. Is the food poisoned?” Bartholomew tenderly pats my forearm and pulls me towards the food table.
He whispers with joy. “Don’t worry. This table belongs to me. I brought food from my home world of Agri.” He waves a left hand towards the line of men and women behind the table. Bartholomew sweet breathes into my right eardrum, “….along with my most trusted business partners.” He smiles holding tightly my hand then releases. He offers the dinner plate.
I feel safe with him leaning into his smile. “I guess, I have no choice, but to believe you, noble, sir. You seem to be the only gentleman in the galaxy, tonight.” I wink as he smiles. He grabs both my shoulders, pulling me closer into his body within his silk cloak.
He sweet breathes into my left eardrum. “With that, I’ll be the most gentle of gentlemen, tonight. Baron Bartholomew is at your service, Lady Starra.” He peaks a light kiss onto my cheekbone with his soft lips then back steps on booted feet, and gentlemanly bows at his waist with respect to me. I sweetly curtsey like a “real” princess.
The evening’s Victory Party’s Dinner stretches upon a twenty feet long table with Rann at the butt-end and Rita on Rann’s left. Viv sits at the other end in a tall round chair. I stuff with both hungry and rude manners, all I can chew of Bartholomew’s delicious and tasty food into my tummy as folks around us drink, eat, and merry making through dinner.
Bartholomew chats and charms me about farming, space travel, and minor subjects as the drinks and the drink’s of each house guest becomes more rambunctious, rowdy, and boisterous by the hour, except of Rann. Rann appears to hold the red liquor with ease or fakes it for sure. I silently observe his invited guests and him while Rann secretively selects his next target for total humiliation.
The Sahara Game-player grabs the half-full bottle and then pours the liquid contents over his team mate as they act like a pair of monkeys and roar with laughter like jungle cats. The other Game-players copy-cat their stupid antics trying to imitate his childish gesture which results in lots of broken glasses, dishes, and few broken limbs. The wild team Game-players act clownish as the sedate nobles quietly sit and observe the violent activities with stuffing their faces with food.
Dov swiftly stands from the table and hollers. “Race!”
Some guests swiftly stand upright. Some guests fall back down into folded bodies inside their dining chairs, due to the high consumption of drink. But, all guests stomp their drinking glasses, eating spoons, and sharp knives repeating in unison like a practiced music choir, “Race…race…race…”
I eye burn the rowdy folks in front of me, beside me, and next to Bartholomew, while Bartholomew places his bicep around me, drawing me into his silky shirt. He whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings into my left eardrum. “Time for us to leave, Starra.”
I enjoy the bug hug while slicing eyeballs back and forth watching the rough guests. I sing in piccolo music. “Why?” I’m not searching for a real answer from Bartholomew, because I wanna stay and observe more of fun funky frolics.
Rann slowly rises like the sun from the butt-end of the table as his guests quickly silence. I rotate my neck muscles around the room, while all eyeballs stare at Rann. He spreads outwardly and parts both of his muscled biceps parallel to the floor, asking softly. “Do you want the Race?”
Loud voices chant in unison, “Race. Race. Race. Race.....”
Rann swiftly drops his hands down to his kneecaps as the room silences, immediately. I nosily gasp in shock, stun, and dizziness at Rann’s awesome solo power of his citizen manipulation.
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
I pull back from the bug hug of sweet Bartholomew and eye burn his stoic facial features as he eye burns invisible tiny holes into Rann’s naked chest. I swing my face and study Rann.
Rann grins devilishly and slowly rotates his neck muscles up and down each row of guests and stares into their faces with his dancing brown eyeballs then stops upon my pretty freckles.
Rann words dangerously in his natural sexy baritone. “I chose as my racing opponent…,” pauses for handsomeness then sings in bass tuba. “Lady Starra.” I nosily gasp for breathe as the guests hoot, clap, and whistle wildly.
 Bartholomew quickly releases me from our cuddling bug hug and swiftly stands. He quickly addresses with a deep rich bass drum in a calm tone. “Lady Starra does not understand the rules, Rann. I disqualify her.” Then, the room silences like an electricity power failure as all eyeballs turn to Baron.
Rann roars like a jungle cat in deep laughter as all eyeballs twist to the Prince. Rann smirks and singing in a deadly bass tuba. “Only…,” pauses for drama then continues. “I can disqualify an opponent from my Race, Baron. You don't have jurisdiction in my castle.” He quickly snaps two finger pads as four armed sentinels form around Rann.
Me and the guests nosily gasp for both oxygen and fear.
Prince Rann of Sahara does not intimidate Baron Bartholomew of Agri as Bartholomew coolly advises, without hands, arms or sneers, “Starra doesn’t understand the rules.” Eyeballs glue to Bartholomew then their faces cut to Rann for the fiery verbal cat fight.
Rann nods in silence acceptance, smiling. “I concur with your assessment, BA. I’ll explain the rules of the Race. Then I’ll allow you to accept or decline my gracious offer, before I continue, Lady Starra. The rules are very simple. You and I will Race to the Wall and then back here to my castle. The faster pilot wins the competition. What’s your pleasure, Lady Starra?” Rann bows slightly from his waist with respect to me then uprights his torso. He grinning, posing with a madman calm and cool demeanor as the guests clap, hoot, and whistle for another round of vicious entertainment.
That’s it. Bartholomew is visually upset over a plain dumb stupid Race to the Wall, while physically embarrassing me more by opposing Rann than subtlety declining the Race.  I deeply ponder Rann’s silly request. I quickly Tele mind-probe Bartholomew’s open and honest mind using my T-power of Telepathy. He is very concerned about my welfare, just like Ming at my final day on Earth. So sweet of Bartholomew, but I’m a grown girl and am destined to live the rest of my life, here. I have to be accepted and respected, here, too.
I rotate my neck muscles around the table. Eyeballs of the guests carefully watch and patiently wait for my final answer to the mighty noble question of Rann. I eye burn Bartholomew and then swing my face to Rann.
I slowly stand as Bartholomew’s hand forcefully tights around my forearm. I dizzy gaze into Rann’s sparkling brown eyes and say it. “I accept.” That dang word, accept is becoming too easy to use during my stay here. I need to eliminate it, totally from my English vocabulary making my life less complicated.
The rowdy guests wildly cheer, whistle, hoot, and foot stomp for the silly Race thing as Ty nods and Rita smiles. Bartholomew moans when Rann back steps from the table.
Rann swings from his chair to the left side then rudely direct points his index finger out the set of double Dining-room doors onto the outside patio.
Rann says. “The landing pad is this way. Please, follow me to the Bullet ship, Lady Starra.” Rann leads in solo position with Ty and Rita trailing behind like Woof puppies.
Bartholomew painfully grabs my left forearm and passionately jerks me into his chest. He whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings into my face. “Please, do not do this. You can decline. We can leave, together. Rann will obey my authority, even on his home world of Sahara.” I’m floored with that statement.
I swing my face to the wall of lined men and women guarding the Agri food table. I bet my two-million curr account hat his most trusted business partners also conceal multiple sets of illegal weapons under the beautiful dark green food tablecloths, just like Ming and his boys wanting to protect me from Peter. I learn…way too slowly playing politics is a deadly game…here.

launch pad. My concrete walk to the launch pad lip along the castle’s patio is short and quick. Bartholomew cuddles me like a cute kitten and sweetly persuades me to leave with him inside his personal zipper, close by.
I suddenly halt and studiously study the strange outer space flying ship which holds one person and no pieces of luggage. I giggle in flute music then somber and present a set of dead pan straight pin lips to Bartholomew. I lovingly request. “Bartholomew, you’ve been a gentleman all night. Please, do not stop, now. I feel very confident that I can beat Rann. Please, believe in me.” I touch the smooth metal of the ship, noting the new silver finish like it has been wrecked, before this event.
My T-powers ping. Everything is fine, darling!
 Bartholomew presents duck lips, ugly and reaches over my body, grabbing a small object. He holds the mini-comfone in the air, saying, not smiling. “Since, you insist on carrying out your…”
“Watch it.” I warn, hotly, holding both my hands in the air for a kitten-attack.
He grins with a goofy smile and kindly says. “Mission. I’ll be your navigator.”
“Navigator?” I sing in piccolo music. I scan the comfone in his hands, pondering. This is a competitive race. Like on my planet, Earthlings raced in the fossil fueled automobiles, a long time ago. When the driver of lead car completed an oval circle, first, then he won. So simple!
He carefully wiggles the mechanic comfone between his eardrums and then rudely finger points at the big comlen on top of the tall Bot-tower behind him, saying. “I’ll transmit the coordinates of the Wall to your comlen on this panel,” touching the screen inside my ship’s console.
I smile, nodding. “I know the location of the Wall, BA,” chuckling. I hold a horizontal pose with both my hands showing the pretend distance from the castle to the Wall, a straight line from point A to point B. I was taught that formation in my Geometry book, sharing the native of the galaxy. “It’s the huge thing in the middle of the galaxy made of rotating rocks and debris. My mission’s to fly to it and come back, beating Rann in the process, sir.” I salute like a smart-hole with two finger pads smacking the right side of my forehead, then giggle in flute music.
Bartholomew presents a set of duck lips, ugly. “What does that gesture represent, Starra? Is that a love sign?” I giggle, again, and bob my skull up and down several times like a farm pony. I don’t want BA to get the wrong idea.
It translates into that I am an alien, who keeps using silly Earth gestures and confuses the innocent natives.
Bartholomew shakes his skull. “I don’t think you comprehend the magnitude of the Race, Starra.” He sails his right hand with all five finger flat like a bird in the air and instructs. “You must fly through an opening of the Wall…(holds two fingers in air)…two times, before returning to the castle. The magnetic field of the Wall is so strong that you physically can’t stop a ship. The Wall will pull in by its gravity field, any tiny object through an undetected opening into its force field, and then dump it in pieces on the other side, non-safely. Or destroy it, totally. Stang! This is a death Race, Starra.” He curses and eye burns the tiny ship.
“Stang?” I mice squeak then giggle. “What does that word mean?”
“Something that a lady should never ever repeat…,” Bartholomew touches my shoulders with both his warm palms, frowning. I giggle in flute music, since I am no lady, now. I’m a competitor in a Race to a rock Wall on other of galaxy… (yeah, a death Race, baby). I missed reading, again, another important fact, last night inside that fat Book. I am stubbornly learning everything the hard way. Bartholomew taps with an index finger upon the left comfone pad, saying. “I’ll be sending the newly formed rock openings to your comfone as you speed towards the Wall. An opening is the only safe passage through or…”
I giggle in flute music and wave off his remark with three of my manicured finger nails in the air. I sing in piccolo music. ”Easy…,” since, I’m going to die. Stang!
I swing my face and re-examine my new toy, a sleek smaller zipper. It is truly shaped like a bullet from my twelve-gauge shotgun back home with no bird wings and three nasty afterburners in the rear, where the ship measures only ten feet long by three feet wide. I jump, kitten-like over the metal side, since there isn’t a lifting hatchway or ladder for my sandals. 
I wiggle inside, barely fitting me and Dress into a cozy cockpit. The ship contains a big black joystick and a big bright red acceleration switch performing at one speed, fast and faster. I beautifully appreciate the strange design that Rann has termed, bullet ship.
I understood the analogy, a flying bullet speedily punching through a solid Wall of space rock with a pointy cone nose. Rann is a brilliant star ship designer, too.
I pickup his vibes, using my Telepathy from Rann’s light touch on the metal joy stick. Rann had alpha tested the bullet, right before this Death Race. I honestly plan to praise his outstanding work, if I live through the dang death Race. I sigh with worry.
I adjust the cloth webbing with a pair of ten shaky finger pads and a flip flopping tummy for a proper fit of me and Dress inside the cramped cockpit. I slip off my three-inched shoes from my naked feet then hand off the blue sandals to Bartholomew, asking sweetly. “Can you hold these, please?”
“Your shoes?” Bartholomew sings in baritone with a goofy face.
I giggle and wink. “I always drive a stick better without heels, darling.” My fluffy and stiff blue Ball gown greatly interferes with the ship’s joystick, since I seriously require more space inside a tiny cockpit to maneuver my arms and hands. Then, I ask. “BA, do you have a knife?” I see a pretty dagger within my eyesight which is holstered inside the belt of his trousers.
“I beg your pardon.” He twists his lips, ugly and, souring.
“A knife? A dagger? Ya know a sharp, pointy instrument to cut things.” I giggle as Bartholomew frowns. He slowly reaches for his jeweled silver dagger located on his left hip, then hands off with tender cautious the deadly weapon into my open palm. I sing in flute music. “Thank you.” I cut six inches of the blue crinoline under my puffy dress then forcefully yank the stiff fabric away from my petite body for added leg room. I gently toss the blue object at him, smiling sweetly. “Please, hold this, also.”
Bartholomew laughs. “You’re a very strange girl, Starra.” I giggle in piccolo music with humor and secret, since I am an alien from Earth.
I wink for flirting fun. “I’m just evening the odds, darling.” Bartholomew winks then we both giggle like a pair of elementary kids at play recess on the big see-saw equipment.
“Are you ready? Rann’s motioning with a waving hand to begin the Race.” Bartholomew eye burns Rann, translating the command inside his comfone ear pads. He views, presenting a set of dead pan straight pin lips.
I touch the starter button for the thrusters. “Let’s rock and roll, baby.” I yell over the warming afterburners. Bartholomew screws his eyebrows, ugly at my wild Earthling remark, then violently slams the hatch secure over my gray hair. He back steps his boots from my port window then smiles, without skipping a beat. He spins his body and jogs towards the Tower, monitoring the death Race. I find. I am alone, again…yeah, baby.
I swing my curls to Rann, seeing him double-check his ship’s console. I rudely connect, link, and Tele. Beware, Prince Rann! Then, I impatiently wait for his lip sneer or tongue leap or eyeball wink, seeing no reaction from Rann. He flexes his taunt biceps over his bullet’s console, tenderly and gently. I sigh with his beauty and grace.
“Starra…” sings from the comfone inside my tiny cockpit, echoing Bartholomew’s tenor. I giggle in flute music. I press the acknowledgement button, hearing his voice then cut my eyeballs to the right and peek-a-boo at Rann.
He still busies with the dang instrument panel as I double-check my two Aces up my sleeveless dress. I giggle in alto clarinet music, knowing that Rann is buffing, again, like at the poker game. I beat him, last week, and I’ll beat him, again, tonight. I sigh with confidence.
I properly adjust the comfone over my messy gray hair, hearing a combination of soft mechanical and tenor human voices from the Tower counting down the launch for liftoff.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Breathe in, again. Breathe out, again. Relax. Calm. Focus.
I re-surface from my brief mediation, hearing the final countdown. An invisible body shouts, “…one, go!”
I swiftly punch the red acceleration button as the bullet ship blasts like a rocket ship in a vertical direction straight up into the heavens. I sing in piccolo music. “No…,” jerking with a sloppy gripe the joystick backwards toward the Sahara moon, not the Wall. I quickly release the stick as the Bullet drops me breathlessly down to 50 feet in 3.0 seconds. The G-forces suffocate and strain with intense pain inside my chest and healthy respiratory system then I choke and cough for bites of vital oxygen inside the cockpit. I quickly pull a Tele-shield around body protecting me from death. I sigh with fear.
Bartholomew yells via comfone. “You’ve managed to get back on course. That’s the easy part. The hard part’s, Rann is fifteen miles ahead of you.”
Catching my breath, I yell. “Copy that.” I jerk the stick forward in the right direction of the Wall, pressing the acceleration button for a second time. The Bullet leaps, T-rex instantly to 600 miles-per-hour, making Rann’s dot become a blurred ship within my eyeballs. My un-impressive aerobatic maneuver has lost precious seconds and speed. 
I tap the button for a third time. The speed meter rapidly soars like a jet fighter at 800 miles-per-hour marker, making the space ride sorta fun, if not scared to death of dying. I sigh with spunk.
My Bullet parallels even with the cone nose of Rann’s as I smart-hole and salute silly with my two finger pads inside the clear view cockpit as a sportsmanlike gesture of comradeship. Rann purposefully ignores. I say, meekly. “Sore loser, already,” giggling. I set eyeballs upon the Wall for my victory tap.
Bartholomew yells via the comfone. “Good job, Starra. First opening is 20 mark 400. I suggest you try to be the first ship, there, because two objects cannot make it through the small hole.”
I’m impressed with Bartholomew and his job as navigator, getting an odd feeling that he has done this before. I say. “Copy that.” I focus on the stars and maneuver around some floating space junk as the Wall approaches fast at 800 miles-per-hour.
Bartholomew bothers me, again via the comfone, “First hole is closed. Second hole…” Static cracks sharply from the comfone busting up my ear wax in both eardrums. Then, Bartholomew yells, “…location 80 mark 70, third opening at 60 mark 600.”
“Copy that.” I say as data dances across the comlen and then displays tiny holes that open and shut down within milliseconds. The Wall opening coordinates jump east, then north, then east, then west, then all over the dang comlen in every single directional point, too swiftly for my freaking neurons and the Bullet’s console.
I can’t brilliantly adjust the Bullet fast enough in this outer space play ground. If I keep listening to Bartholomew for the latest holy…(excuse the pun, giggling)…developments, I’m going to get killed. Think. Think fast. Think faster.
I swiftly pull and expand my Tele-shield around my body, the bullet ship, and part of the Wall…(yeah, baby, I’m awesome).
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I metaphysically see something then telepathically feel a tiny peep of light between the rock formations then quickly hit the acceleration button for the fourth time. Nothing!
“Stang!” I sing in piccolo music. I do not feel thrust, see action, and can’t go-go faster to the Wall. I have shockingly reached the maximum velocity within the three Bullet engines. A design flaw! I giggle in flute music and plan to tattle the problem to Rann, once the Race is over. Yeah, if I survive, ya’ll. I snort like a wild boar, that does live on Planet Agri…(yeah, I saw the picture in that red Book).
Based on some quick math calculations within my brilliant mind, I will not reach that fissure in time, before the swift shrinkage event. Same problem. New solution.
I flip the engines off by manual clicks of the three buttons with three finger pads, operating the three afterburners. I use my T-power of Telekinesis and pilot the Bullet towards the Wall, powering the silent engines faster with my Telekinesis, without the convention method of ship space engineering. The Bullet swiftly drips along with my human heart about twenty feet, before my mental mind slowly grabs the outer haul, gather the space winds, and them uprights my tummy and the Bullet into a steady straight line to the Wall.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I see an opening inches shy of a perfect circle for a nasty tap of a pointy tip metal bullet to smash. Now or never! I am 40,500 feet from the Wall flying at 900 mile-per-hour. Bang!
The Bullet and me lurches to the left hitting wall rock with a nasty ting, then jiggles to the right, and then wiggles to the left through 9,000 feet of solid space rock. I scrape attractively black marks from the black rock upon the silver metal, spiking beautifully waves of fiery red heat along the viewing window. The Bullet and me punches successfully out the Wall….holy cow….we are totally intact with me safely tucked inside the cockpit like a baby chick under her Mama hen’s butthole.
I visually see the scratched and scuffed metal, but the ship maneuvers like a piece of sweet and tart key lime down the throat. I prepare for a victory lap back to the castle and holler joyously. “Boom!”
I curl a perfect semi-circle for the reverse galactic course to win the Race, scanning immediately empty space holding no sign, signature or silver of Rann. I don’t have either physical time or metaphysical energy to locate him, since Rann is on his own.
I navigate the Bullet in a high arch and line directly in the front of the Wall for my forward path back through the Wall for my return trip back to the castle. I close my eyelashes then snap them open. A blurry object shoots out left within my eyeball from the fourth quadrant, which is 5,000 space feet…(uh, yeah)…from my fixed outer space position of my ship.
Rann’s bullet shoots straight like a gun bullet out the Wall towards the Tech World as he leaves me a perfect circular hole immediately within the Wall with the slick opportunity to win the Race. I Tele-shove beautifully my pure energy through the semi-half moon-shaped hole, emerging eight seconds later on the opposite side, flying faster than a lightning bolt to the victory finish line.
“Boom….,” singing in bass flute then giggling in piccolo music. I power the comfone over my pretty head.
Bartholomew screams via the comfone. “Where are you? Come in, Starra. Come in. Starra.”
“Did you see that maneuver, BA? Highlight of my day.” I brag boldly, grinning and giggling with my magnificent feat of flying performance.
“What maneuver? Starra, I can’t see, anything. We didn’t have your ship on comlen for five minutes.” Bartholomew reports via comfone.
Oops! When I had cut the manual power to the engine, comfone, and comlen then, I appeared as space dust to him.
I nod, smile with my first bragging rights as an alien. “Bartholomew, I’m through the Wall for second time. I’m racing home for my victory cup.”
“What? Victory cup? What are you talking about? You have safely passed through the Wall. Stang, Starra! Please repeat your statement, again.” Bartholomew babbles via the comfone as I hover over the landing platform at the Rann’s, the finish line.
The Bullet lands bumpy with a ping and then heavy. I still need more practice perfecting that maneuver, but I am alive. Bartholomew greets and grins at me then jerks open the charred hatch. He gracefully lifts me in one big swoop into his teddy bear hug, closing both biceps around my body as my heart races and my pulse leaps, T-rex into an overdrive of delight.
The guests cheer and clap, at least, the people conscious. The other guests lay strewn like dead tree branches upon the outdoor patio or under the beautifully interior rugs or over the plush golden-fabric furniture sleeping off the total effects of the alcohol. I don’t think the invited guests realize the major significant of this unique event. I beat both Rann and his Race. And, I am alive and well to prove it. I sigh with happiness.
“You’re still alive, Starra.” Dirk declares with a nasty in tenor, hiding behind Bartholomew’s back then scoots slowly ahead to smirk in my face.
I mouth spit, ugly. “Maybe, next time, Dirk.” Bartholomew pulls me protectively into his chest wrapping both biceps around my body that only exposes my freckles. Dirk, my #1 enemy in unknown universe, sniggers like a sly weasel.
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
“I said it, once, and I’ll say it, again. You’re one lucky girl, Starra.” Rita does or doesn’t compliment, if I take it the wrong or right way. She casually drops a slender arm around Dirk’s collar bone and grins.
Ty bows at his folded waist in respect, saying and smiling. “Congratulations, Lady Starra. Your performance provided a thrilling and entertaining Race.” I make two friends and two enemies in this galaxy. Rann’s ship hovers over painted box designated for parking a space craft.
“Prince Rann’s arrival time is five minutes after the winner, Lady Starra of Bonita.” Pbot drones via the comfone.
Rann lands the ship then leaps from the cockpit. He slowly limps towards me, extending his right hand, grinning with a toothy smile. “Congratulations are in order, Lady Starra. You have beaten me…twice.” I eye burn the hand, not from poor sportsmanship, but from touching his icy fingers, since I get a creepy set of bad nightmare vibes from him. I quickly erect a Tele-shield, blocking his shadowy day thoughts and gloomy night visions protectively from my precious neurons. Rann truly possesses a mild type of Tele-talent. His essence is too strong to resist and too deep to fight for now as I quickly shake the pre-offered hand then release it like a live rattlesnake.
I quickly cuddle back into Bartholomew’s protective warm cocoon as Rann chuckles. Dirk sneers while Rita smirks.
“The time’s very late, Starra.” Bartholomew announces, wrapping his biceps around my body and stares at Rann.
I eye burn Rann, ending my friendly invite to the fun party and smile. “If you’ll excuse me, I need to leave. Lady Rosa will be wondering, where I am.” Then, I swing my face and gaze with eyeballs of purpose at the other occupant living within the Bonita castle.
“I’ll be staying. Baron Bartholomew, if I could be so bold as to kindly ask for your assistance to fly Lady Starra back to our home.” Dirk gentlemanly states along with a quick skull nod and sweet smile at Bartholomew.
Bartholomew nods with a short good-bye. “My pleasure. Good evening, nobles.” Then, he swings both of our cuddled bodies towards the interior door. We march off the patio balcony and far away from Rann, Rita, and Dirk.
“Bye, ya’ll…,” yelling between Bartholomew’s biceps.
Dirk huffs musically with air then snorts like a wild boar, saying inside Rita’s cuddle. “That girl must die.” He follows both Bartholomew and Starra into the Living-room space through the glass French doors of the patio, without them hearing his nasty words.
“I agree.” Rita nods, patting his shoulder.
Rann stops behind them. “I command…,” sliding in front of them. He views Dirk then cuts his eyeballs to Rita and orders, “…both of you…no harm is to come to Lady Starra. Do I make myself, clear?” Dirk nods as Rita presents her lips, ugly.
Dirk and Rita watch Bartholomew and Starra disappear though the Living-room door then they view Rann.
Rita releases Dirk, gator snarling. “Starra can interfere with our plans, Rann.” She folds arms over her silky gown of gems as Rann views to the guarded doors inside the Living Room, where Starra has exited.
Rann smiles with selfish greed, nodding. “Maybe, maybe not? But, she is perfect for mine.”

Day 7. the Wall. black outer space. minus 1000ºF. zipper. midnight. The soft sound of silent occupies both space and ship as I tenderly rub a forming bruise on my right arm. I close my eyelashes and feel, nothing. 
My T-powers are asleep along with my neurons. I can’t sum one plus one, using my brain or three fingers. Bartholomew nosily clears his throat, piloting through the Wall. “Don’t be surprised, if your muscles are sore tomorrow?”
I blink open eyelashes then swing my curls at him, grinning mischievously. I brave with query. “And, how do you know about sore muscles? Is there a story, I need to hear?”
“Starra, every guy dreams of piloting his star ship through the Wall at 800 miles-per-hour, at least, once in his dull life.” Bartholomew steers the ship though the starry sky towards Bonita, smirking.
“900 miles-per-hour…,” correcting the calculations, cuddling my rib cage, tenderly.
Bartholomew silently slams both his palms on the console, shouting triumphantly. “Stang! I’m impressed. I didn’t think Rann’s engine design could travel that fast. You’re one skillful pilot, Starra.”
“Clever is a better term…,” mumbling under my breath as my right set of ribs ache. I poke around the bones with two finger pads.
“Do you say something, Starra?” He glances a right eyeball for a second time at me then returns the green emerald like gems back to the black space.
“Not a thing…,” muttering weakly, instead of wording truthfully. My Tele powers saved my hide, not skill.
“I flew through the Wall on purpose in a reckless Race…,” he glamorizes then quickly glances an eyeball my way, smirking for a millisecond. Then, he quickly returns to viewing a window while flying at 500 miles-per-hour in dark outer space. He continues his saga, “…a long, long time ago. Exhilarating. I still remember the feelings of accomplishment, satisfaction, and pride. My parents felt differently, of course. I was reprimanded for six solid months, before I could fly another ship, with permission from my Father.” He chuckles like a silly clown.
I giggle in flute music then my ribs and collar bone hurts within my nerve ending. My eardrums enjoy hearing a wonderful story from a wonderful guy in this wonderfully galaxy…(ya like the ‘w’ flow.)
Maybe it’s not so bad to live, here, forever as Bartholomew shares more of his story. “Next morning, I discovered three sets of cracked ribs, an acquired number of bruises, and a batch of tiny cuts on both my arms and legs from the twin impacts with a hard space rock. So…” He gazes at me, nodding. “I know a little bit about how you are feeling.” He chuckles like a silly clown and I giggle in flute music. I Tele-scan over my body, noting that my ribs aren’t broken, just hurt. He says. “Bonita approaching fast, prepare for landing procedures.” He descends safely into the atmosphere, pacing smoothly five feet above the brown soil then nicely eases the zipper onto the yellow dirt with a slight tap. Good job! I have got to get zipper pointers about landing a space craft.
Bartholomew leaps, kitten-like from the cockpit, runs behind the ship then gentlemanly opens my hatch door. He lends his manly bicep for my support from the seat, escorting me to single archway. I grin in my flute music. “The end of beautiful night.”
“I don’t want to spoil the moment.” He chuckles. “But, its two in the morning, a new day.” He smiles sweetly. I giggle then wrap my hands around the aching ribs, since they are broken. He braves the query. “Can I contact you later, today?” Bartholomew presents a set of dead pan straight lips and quickly says. “I, maybe, should call you, tomorrow. Lady Rosa is going to be very displeased with your…the party.” He smiles wickedly and winks at me.
I nod. “You’re correct. Tomorrow’s better for her and me.” He tenderly kisses my bare right hand, smiling sweetly as I find that my ribs don’t hurt, anymore.

Bonita. private chamber. 76ºF. morning. “Lady Starra, your presence is requested in the Parlor.” Pbot drones, hovering over me like a bad dream. I roll towards its shiny metal, reflecting off the sunlight beaming happily through the open window. I didn’t open in my bedroom.
I think…way too early and punt…way too badly. “Huh! Pbot, Hbot or whatever Bot you are? What?”
Pbot drones. “Lady Rosa is inquiring about your whereabouts.”
“Stang!” I sing in bass tuba, rolling my naked feet upon the carpet and my torso upright as It looks just like my silver trashcan back home, but bigger and cleaner.
“A lady noblette does not voice that word, Lady Starra.” Pbot drones.
I ignore Pbot and command in nasty bass flute, “…tell her…I…come there…in five…no, ten…wait, fifteen minutes.” Pbot records my stutter both vocally and visually like a true bot spy then flies backwards its metal can out of my bedroom. I stare at that funky robot move then snigger like a sly weasel. If wonder, if Dirk can do that neat trick.
I shake the mush from my brain cells then roughly stumble from the bed into the bathroom. I splash cold water upon my freckles then view me. The lighted mirror greatly exaggerates the numerous black and blue markings on both my arms and along my throat. The puffy gown had dutifully protected my lower body and legs. Good for my body and bad for the beautiful dress, I graciously pray that Ann is a kind and forgiving individual about her property. Then, I whisper my new cute word that means something unknown and works just fine when dookie hits the fan. “Stang!”
Rosa can probably sense my sore aching muscles, at least, her blue eyes can be blinded.
I back step from the bathroom then slam into the wall. I truck forward then slowly swing towards the open archway.
I slo mo pace to the furniture drawer.  I deceptively search the furniture chest for a more suitable outfit. I drag out my clean black turtleneck shirt from my Tele uniform, since the high collar and long sleeves will cosmetically cover my war wounds. I jerk out my newly purchased cute black circular skirt and new pair of black midnight tights from the old chest, gifts from Rosa.
I dress, appearing post-morbidly like I’m attending a funeral, at least, it isn’t mine after my irrational Tele performance last night, this morning or….kinda unclear on the specific time frame.
I hope with greatest sincerely a nice and gentlemanly Bartholomew keeps his word about not contacting me, today, raising more suspicious questions about my rough appearance from Rosa regarding Rann’s fun party.
Bot glides in fluid form to me, hovering in the air near my nose. Then it rudely metal points at his comlen which blinks a circle of red arrows. It lands inside the chartreuse leather chair. I painfully kneel on both kneecaps and grunt like a wounded animal, then princessly order. “Play.” The colorful comlen has spied and stored the secretively ritual.
I see a two pair of shoulder blades dressed in black clothing shifting deeply into the yellow woodlands, while one of them carries something…naw…someone.
I finger, saying. “Explain.” Bot silently runs the actors’ names across the screen over the movie stars from left to right with Lady Rosa, Lord Dirk, and Lady Ann’s skull bouncing like a rubber ball inside Dirk’s arms. I growl like jungle cat and say in angry. “What’s the time of day for this frame?” The time period shows late morning, yesterday that blinks on top over the shuffling actors. I nod. “During the Game, that’s why Rosa and Dirk disappeared from my eyesight for the entire time. What’s Lady Ann's disposition?”
DEAD, the word flashes in red capital letters before my eyeballs. I gator snarl. I’m not getting any answers standing around here admiring my face in the mirror. It’s time to interrogate Rosa. I shoo Bot away from me as I soldierly stand, dropping my arms at my kneecaps.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus. Heal.

Patio. sunny. 75ºF. “Good morning, Rosa…..” exclaiming with a happy flute song, standing soldierly in front of the table. I am decked out in my black funeral attire paired with my old Tele uniform’s high-knee boots.
I don’t want a yelling, because Rosa doesn’t like my new boots or my new buddies from last night. I grin like the kid that has robbed the cookie jar.
Rosa doesn’t look me in the eyeballs, but calmly corrects in her alto clarinet. “Good afternoon, Starra.” She chin whips her face, eye burning me then lectures. I groan like I have eaten too many of the stolen cookies. “We must break your bad habit of sleeping through breakfast, my dear.” She grins with a tiny spec of yellow food between her four front teeth. I nosily gag then jerk my face to the wall concrete looking for that pesky cockroach, instead see the abundant feast.
I smile and march to my combined breakfast and lunch meal while the food drips and drapes over the green tablecloth with huge platters of fruits, meats, breads, vegetables, and dessert. I quickly pile assorted colorful items high on the oversized oval plate and then very slowly pirouette to Rosa. I very cautiously walk in my high-heeled boots to the table with Rosa then snail-like sit in pain from my body aches.
My muscles stretch a different direction then forward onto the thickly padded soft chair while praying thankfully for the thickly padded chair. I eat like a jungle monkey with a fork, a spoon, and two thumbs which I have learned from Ming.
Rosa taps on the electronic thingy in her hands while entertaining my eardrums. Because my neurons really don’t give a dookie about her upcoming vocal remarks. And, my T-powers ping that her words aren’t going to be nice or helpful to me, today. She smirks. “Dirk tells me. You had a wild time at the palace of Prince Rann, last night.” I nosily gag on the sunny side up eggs. Lord Creep is not only an enemy but a tattle tale, as well. Wild is a strong word for Rann’s party, last night. The word, thrill describes the death Race against Rann.
I connect, link, and Tele to her. Ya told me to go and fly the zipper to the party.
She crinkles more wrinkles on her forehead plus jabs her index finger at me. Good thing! My eyeballs are far away from that natural deadly weapon. Rosa says in a new bass tuba, “You must be very careful with Rann, my dear. He is very…”
“Dangerous….,” tooting in my flute music, smiling devilishly at her and then giggling in piccolo music between the delicious maple syrupy-soaked waffles.
“You read him, as I. Very good, Starra.” She nods in approval.
I swallow the lump of food. “Speaking of reading, I’m on page 1,200 in that big fat Book,” stuffing more food into my mouth. I keenly observe her physical reaction, while she eye burns her hands, then plays with the cloth napkin.
Then, she views and sings beautifully in alto. “I see.” She shuffles the pretty glass ornaments around on the table pretending to be cool as cucumber, while I’m sorta impressed.
“Where’s Lady Ann?” I ask, knowing the fact but desire the truth from her along with the real story.
“You tell me.” She smiles and bites back smoothly, eye burning me.
“I believe she’s dead.” I declare boldly then cram the buttered toast into my mouth.
“What proof do you have?” Rosa says.
“I cannot sense her presence in house, gardens, or barn.” I look across the dead yard scanning the brown grass all the way to the red barn. Then, I view the house, nodding. “I feel an empty void, where her bedroom is located. There’s a slight impression, no substance.” I present my metaphysical evidence then eye burn Rosa.
She nods, grinning and compliments my sick analyze. “Very good. Can you scan your Telepathic mind to the barn stables? Can you go beyond the wine cellars?”
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I Tele-dive straight down into the buried wine bottles of the old root cellar under the barn then Tele-leap towards the root system of the dying Oak tree. I Tele-skip into the old Graveyard. I rapidly cut the Tele-link, nosily gasping for breathe then open my eyelashes with a set of dead pan straight lips. I say in deep bass flute. “I have found more proof. Her body’s located in the Bonita cemetery.”
“Excellent, Starra!” Rosa nods, smiling with a prepared set of sweet honey congratulations for a job well done.
I frown, narrowing my eyelashes, “You make this sound like a test, Rosa.”
“I am sorry. This is not a test. You are correct. Ann has passed on. She was sick for a very long time.” Rosa eye burns her electronic thingy, without any super mushy emotions as Ann’s adoptive mother.
“What caused her illness?” I worry between my strong bones and selfish ego.
Rosa pauses for drama while eye burning the wall looking for that pesky cockroach then views at me. She sings in alto music. “Bonita.” My mind races for an explanation that a round ball of dirt causes death to a person as Rosa says. “This planet is linked to our life forces. The planet is dying….,” exhaling, “….or very close to death and it’s taking all of us with it.” I sigh with deep worry.
That sucks! They’re dying. I have used my conventional farm training to explain away the dead plants and missing wildlife. I never connected the Tele link to the people, animals, soil, vegetation, plants or crops. I say, nodding with my wild theory. “You drain the planet of life, then it drains you to survive, as well. In the, all will perish. Incredible sucky!” I snort like a wild boar and eye burn my food then return my pupils to Rosa. I frown with my worry between my strong bones and selfish ego. I ask. “Am I going to die?” I wanna know, if this fool hearted Intergalactic adventure is worth my final outcome of my final breathe on a foreign soil. I don’t like those ‘f’ flow, ya’ll. I sigh with doom.
Rosa nods, talking softly. “The answer is no, my dear. You are different, very special. You are from Planet Earth, an alien.” She smirks.
I obnoxiously holler like a redneck from Earth. “Stang! Let’s hear it for the aliens.” Bad taste, there! My uncontrolled sense of humor always comes online, at the most impromptu moment. I eye roll then consume another big fork of food.
Rosa adds more wrinkles to her forehead and gray hairs into her blonde skull, reprimanding motherly. “You should not use that word, my dear.” I smirk, wondering which word she’s referencing: alien or stang.
Rosa lectures, while I eat. “To answer your inquiry about Bonita, you will survive and be given the responsibility of continuing the Bonita line. No one else will be alive to perform this task, my dear. But, I must prepare you for the job,” smiling.
I food spit. “Prepare,” swallowing the lumpy dough. I inhale air then exhale more food particles. “I’m still reading the 5,000 page dang book. What more do I need to learn in this…” Rosa and I stare-down our eyeballs equally as I sing in piccolo music. “Stang!” Rosa eye rolls, beautifully when I stuff my mouth with more food.
She nods. “We should discuss your studies, so far.” I eat my breakfast, brunch, and lunch all from my plate while Rosa says. “You have learned that Rex is ‘King of the Universe,’ but he is not the wealthiest noble. By far, he is last on the list of financial assets.” She pauses for study, reading the electronic thingy. “Rex inherited his throne like most of the nobles. The aristocratic and the commoner are the only two classes from birth. The king rules with his daughter Queen Rita, who also possesses no currs, since the money from the kingdom comes directly from taxes levied on the planets of the noble and the noble economy.”
I tattle-tail. “I believe this would explain Rita’s behavior last night at the party. She was very friendly with Rann. Is he one of her husbands?”
Rosa ponders my statement then answers. “As far as I recall, Rann outfoxed Rita during the challenge. He declined the marriage.”
I swallow the delicious sweet bread and intrigue. “Very entertaining.”
Rosa nods. “Rex created the silly decree forcing his daughter to marry the highest male nobility of each planet. It maintains their alliance to him and the currs to the treasure chest.”
“Sooo…,” singing in my flute music then stop for drama, since I feel, taste, hear, and breathe the debatable concept. “… you disagree with the Royal law.”
She nods. “I do. There are other elite members in the Royal noble committee meeting, who think the same way as you do.”
“Are you not suspicious about Rita and Rann plotting something against Rex?” I ask with kitty-cat curiosity.
She giggles blinking her eyelashes once, twice then thrice. “What a posterity idea, my dear? Nobles always want what they cannot have. I feel that dictum applies, here, nothing more.” I nod my curls to the nice and noble comment, but I totally disagree. Anyways, I can find out with my deceptive skills by scouting and hunting for more information on my own, without her permission. Rosa tilts her blonde skull sideways at me and swiftly Tele-attacks for more of my secret datum. I quickly raise my Tele-shield. She intensely questions. “Do you sense something more from Prince Rann?”
I lie honestly. “I do not,” chewing my apple slices. Rann possesses some reserve type of mind-probe thingy that gives my neurons a set of cold chills.
Rosa nods, smiling. “Poor Dirk! He was delivered on my doorstep as a baby with a set of extraordinary talents.” That statement peaks my interest as I view her, chewing. She nods. “He was a wonderful child, full of life and energy, proper and obedience then Dirk changed. I do not mean the typical boy to man changes. Dirk grew more intense and destructive. Baron Bartholomew and he are the same age adding to the boyhood competition and bouts growing up on Bonita. Dirk participated in every race, match, and contest against Bartholomew, even with Dirk’s special powers, he could never defeat Bartholomew. When Bartholomew inherited Agri and became Baron, Dirk became intensely jealous of him and anger at the entire aristocratic system. Dirk had been removed from a prominent noble family and placed inside a simple life on Bonita. The decision was made to hone his extraordinary skills, instead Dirk had resented his position, here, with no power, no currs, and no domination.” I grunt like a wounded animal with that last statement, finishing my plate like a good girl.
Lord Creep is a just another bad kid like Bartholomew’s Wall collision with his zipper. Male egos! I sigh with mystery.
“Is that strange for a Tele like Dirk?” I fear the query.
“It is not. Tele skills come from within an individual’s energy source. It does not matter, if you are weak or strong with your talents. It depends on the situation you consume, create or concave. We have to remain constant with our emotions, if there are too many peaks and valleys, the talents do not perform at their maximum output.” Rosa nods with me.
Been there, done that! I say. “Experienced that mental condition, too! It’s, not fun. It’s scary.”
“Dirk never heeds my words. He is consistently flexing his mind in too many multiple directions. There is no solid metaphysical foundation for him to stand, hypothetically speaking. Hence, the defeat of Dirk by Bartholomew, all those years, ago.” Rosa nods, remembering her past.
“Has this created vengeance in him?” I fear with query.
“I suspect the case of Dirk is more associated with ruthlessness rather than jealousy, Starra.” Rosa consumes her tea.
I consume that mental evil adjectives of Dirk’s personality, including vengeance, ruthlessness, and jealousy of me. I sigh with danger.
“I sense strong bad vibes from Dirk, when I encounter him….,” nodding and saying to Rosa. He lightly threatened me, last night sounding like a joke. I wasn’t laughing.
Rosa tosses her manicured hand, nodding. “Do not worry about Dirk, my dear. This is the final test of your lesson to defend yourself against people like Lord Dirk.”
I whine like I have stepped my right boot in a fresh pile of cow dookie, “There are more…”
Rosa smirks. “I noticed Baron dropped you off at the front door, this morning. He is a very nice man and one of the richest nobles in the galaxy. Bartholomew, also, maintains fair values for his people on his home world of Agri. He has set up a community for the commoners to equally share in the land, crops, and profits. Bartholomew governs the planet, but the people own the rights to farm land, and agricultural products. It is an efficient and effective economic system for both parties. The Agrians enjoy a peaceful social climate of family values and traditions. They attend the Games, parades, and are well received within the Royal Noble committee meeting, but decline to occupy a seat, allowing Baron to be their representative. Bartholomew has worked very hard to make his people equal business partners and equal citizens in this oligopoly society. He supports King Rex as Ruler but voices his opinions on changing the society to a more democratic culture.”
I cheer with shock. “BA, a rebel? Never would’ve guessed that one?” I laugh.
Rose frowns, saying. “Mind your manners, young lady. Bartholomew is not a rebel. He is a pioneer for lost causes.” I guess that explains his protection over me, last night, another lost cause. I finish the second sandwich, notice the orange ripping fruit and continue munching. Rosa pours a glass of water. I mentally assess Lady Rosa. She rejects her adopted son, Dirk, but approves of Bartholomew’s unorthodox methods, and support powerless elderly Rex. She smiles, nodding. “Prince Rann is rich, powerful, and influential.”
I giggle. “You forget dashing.”
Rosa sours with dead pan straight pin lips, saying in her cold alto saxophone. “Do not ever cross Rann, Starra? Even I cannot predict the outcome of his behavior.” Or protect me, I bet. She nods. “He has currs and reasons for his actions, treat him as Royalty and move along.” I desperately desire data about Dirk and Rann’s social arrangement, but she isn’t going to oblige. She says. “I must mention the function of the Royal noble committee meeting. The highest noble or a chosen delegate represents each planet, which is usually their spouse or one of the older siblings. I have selected you to represent me this time.” I stop chewing when she nods, smiling. “The court members review the agenda items and submit all the names of their attendees from their individual planet that plan to enjoy the celebration as well as the vendors markets, evening dances, parade party, and the Game sporting event.”
I smile. “Jubilation Day,” swallowing the lumpy food. “Social gathering, I stumbled into that one after my arrival on Commerce with Rita and Lad.” I giggle, recalling. I cancelled Rita’s wedding with a proverbial axe to her swan neck.
Rosa verbally slaps my invisible cheekbone, twice, today. She frowns, “This is not a funny topic, Starra. You will be representing Bonita and me. I don’t want any more flamboyant stunts, young alien. You’re an elite member of the galaxy, now. You’re to support Rex with a hundred percent of your heart, mind, and soul.” I note that Rosa utilities English word contractions, when she gets miffed at my irrational English sentences, then tries to correct me, being an alien or the alien or just plain alien.
“I guess…,” chewing. “BA is influencing my behavior.” I giggle and cough, before I choke to death on my food. Then, I’ll not be an earth alien, but a heavenly angel.
“Nonsense…,” sings Rosa in flute music. “You have acted defiant, since your arrival, before meeting Baron. In the private chambers of the Royal noble committee meeting, you can refute any laws you see as unjust with the appointed members. That is why I am sending you there. I want no more humiliating situations for you or me.” Rosa likes to yell at my irrational English sentences, too, instead of using her calm clarinet alto.
I chew then swallow. “The Book states that the commoners are restricted…”
“Citizens are not restricted. Rex makes each noble pay him 300 currs per citizen to Commerce in attendance of all the celebrations. This financial method limits the number of citizens so each citizen gets to have fun….”
“….and play reindeer games, Mrs. Santa Clause,” nodding. “Unfairness for both the nobles and the other absent commoners.”
“You are not alone in that theory. Rex needs the currs to pay the expenses on Bio, Tech, and Uni along with the non-money making twin space stations of Militia that guard the Wall…”
“…from what?” I smart-hole.
Rosa growls like a jungle cat then morphs into calmness. She clears her throat, smiling. “They do not generate revenues to afford food or merchandise, if the King does not subsidize them. Therefore, Baron Bartholomew, Prince Rann, and Lord Dirk have devised an economic plan establishing schools, hospitals, police staff, and technological ventures on each planet. Hence, it will reduce the taxes to the kingdom and provide better business opportunities for the commoners as independent merchants.”
“Great idea! And delaying the implementation is…”
“Rex.” Rosa sings in flute music with a smile.
“That’s a problem. Or a revolution?” I brilliantly debate, giggling.
She frowns and adds more wrinkles to her face and gray hairs to her skull. “Heed you words, young lady. You speak of mutiny and treason against King Rex, which is punishable by hanging.” Rosa nods.
I violently shake in my knee-high boots from her sucky warning. Not. Reality check, here, old woman! My true #1 enemy is Dirk. He doesn’t like me and pretty much hints that he wants me dead per my T-powers.
I snap my neurons back into reality.
I note Rosa has not discussed page 1,205, while subject changing happily our chit-chat. I smile. “You have covered people, places, and proper events, but neglected one subject.” I toss the apple core in the litter basket. “The Book doesn’t mention the dilemmas of war, battles, riots, famine, poverty, diseases, plagues, radiation or cosmic storms. I find the absence of one of these phenomena remarkable for an advanced civilization over a million years old. Has the galaxy always been free of disasters?” Rosa burns multiple sets of invisible fire balls into my freckles.
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
She flattens her alto into a scary baritone tuba, saying. “You are very perceptive for an alien, who has not finished reading the Book from my galaxy.” I have smashed her crystal goblet noble sensitive nerve endings as Rosa raises her voice to normal alto. “The missing pages detail the account of a terrible and horrible episode known as the Sickness. It occurred over 500 years ago. The event affected every man, woman, and child on both sides of the Wall inside the two sun solar systems. No person was immune. One billion citizens died in less than one month.”
“Stang!” I say as Rosa eye rolls, beautifully, which is one of her favored physical social behaviors. Unbelievable! The poisonous radiation fallout from Earth’s atmosphere took over 40 years to kill billions of Earthlings, compared to this Intragalactic disaster.
“The Sickness manifests in a victim with only a fever. The body temperature rises as the person falls into a coma. The patient expires peacefully or awakes to a madness of the mind within two days. There is no cure for the Sickness.” Rosa lectures, noting. I didn’t bother reading that Book, last night.
“Boom!” I toss my arms, giggling. It seems the right time, at the right place, the wrong fairy tale.
She clears her throat while I view the fruit bowl. I grab the pear. Rosa says. “Fortunately for us, we have not seen any symptoms of the disease in the past 500 years.”
“Every person that didn’t…ya know…what happened to them? Your citizens are descendants from the affected patients. True?” I brave the query.
“True.” She sings in alto music and nods, without any other explanations.
“You found a cure for the madness.”
“I told you, Starra. No cure was found.” She shakes her skull while repeating that particular statement as my neurons buzz with activity.
Rose wants to me play her little mind game. Think. Think fast. Think faster.
There are millions of citizens waking up to a madness of the mind, making them crazy, insane, and unpredictable within their screwy brains and their physical behavior. I say, nodding. “You controlled them.”
She nods. “Please, continue...”
I swish my skull around in a circle that shakes my neurons awake as my brain rapidly ticks with the reason. I say. “You controlled their minds. I deduced that from your hint and your helpful words, madness of the mind.”
“And…,”
“….their mushy brains cells. You brainwash each citizen’s mind to control the Sickness,” nodding, without using my awesome T-powers. I sigh with slavery.
“Pretty good for a teen alien,” Rosa smiles.
“Based on your biological facts, I’m immune from the Sickness, because I’m from Earth,” saying. I sigh with relief.
“You are correct, again. You are two for two. You have a very sharp and quick mind, Starra. Do not lose it.” She wickedly smiles.
I pile my dirty utensils into a dirty plate, feeling kitty-cat curiosity and funeral home pity for these poor ill-sickness patients. I ask. “What caused the Sickness? What are your methods of control for the sick patients?”
Rosa smirks then stands, nodding. “Your lessons are finished, today. Tomorrow, we will begin anew and try to be prompt for breakfast, my dear,” swinging and exiting the patio. Rosa acts like Peter always taunting me with more questions than answers and more talk than action. I sigh with frustration.
I leave the table and rapidly jog with a full tummy and lots of stored biological and mental energy from my delicious meal to my room. I have new homework assignments to perform, not from the bulky, heavy Book, either. I sing in flute music. “Bot?” I giggle in piccolo music and inquire. “Where are you? I have a new assignment for your circuits.” I laugh with an evil twang.

Day 8. private chamber. 68ºF. morning. Warm and cozy under my soft quilt covers, a sharp pointy object attacks a left shoulder. I swiftly flip like a fish to view my attacker as Bot drones. “Pami, I have finished my research for your requested inquires. But, first, I have a high priority message from Lady Rosa. You’re to meet her on the patio in ten minutes.”
I whine like I have stepped my left cowgirl boot into old pile of cow crap. “Dang! I missed breakfast, again.” Bot busies his usual routine around my room raising the window shades, pouring fresh water into the glass pitcher, then picks up the unused clothes. It hangs them, one at time, inside the open closet.
I snail-walk to the window, painfully squinting my eyelashes and my pupils from the too bright yellow sunshine. I view the brown bricked patio along the dying gardens of the outdoor courtyard. Rosa wears a blindingly electric blue jumpsuit from her chin to her ankles, neatly tucked into a pair of shiny black boots. She performs jumping jacks, once, then stands, then squats at her kneecaps, then bends at her waist in dead dirt.
I whine like I have stepped my right cowgirl boot into the second old pile of cow crap. “This is going to be fun.” Bot arrives on queue with my newly washed and ironed clean funeral attire, the black turtleneck, skirt, and polished black knee-high boots. I dress, without brushing my hair or teeth and zip down the stairs into courtyard, looking ugly.

Patio. Rosa quietly sits like a queen upon her golden chair, sipping the hot steaming orange tea as the delicious aroma assaults my nose holes. I smile happily and say in my normal flute music. I really don’t want another lip lecture. “I’m here. I’m up, and…(bass flute voice)…I’m ready.”
She doesn’t smile or laugh, viewing me. “Today, I am going to test your Tele-powers. I need to understand your weaknesses and strengths.”
I fill a breakfast plate and twirl around with food intact and bounce to the shared table, using my Tele to lift the empty chair and swirl the seat around facing me. The plate and I land on the appropriate surfaces. I smile and communicate visually like eye rolls, twice a message. I don’t possess any weakness, mama!

Two weeks ago. I endure, exceed, and excel at a very vigorous routine of tests of Tele Training for two months on Planet Earth inside the Dall-Tex Biosphere, under the barbaric reign of Peter Martin, Earthling commander.

Toss the bed at me, baby. I grin with tight lips chewing my food like Grandma Starbuck has taught me as a small child. I swing my face at the four tables, full of killing person weapons beautifully lounging side by side. I mentally tag a title.
Table #1, #2, and #3, each holds a single beautifully engrained jeweled golden dagger similar to the Baron’s dagger. The romantic Sahara night, I sliced my prom gown up like grilled chicken in the death Race with Rann. I also won with my super inflated ego plus a big gigantic chunk of T-power.
Table #1, #2, and #3, each displays a set of three straight bladed swords, three curved-bladed sabers, six arrows with gold tips, and six darts. The fourth table-clothed wood hugs the ultimate scary death weapon of four masers lining like tiny black Mallard ducks in a row. Well, darling! I had gotten to experience death in my hands, when I shot a maser on my first day of alien fun, hiding out in the abandoned warehouse.
The yellow color, beaming from a small rectangular-shaped muzzle, prettily burns…(excuse the pun)….in my memory banks as I think fondly of that old dried out, used to stand 50 feet in height, oak tree. I relentlessly murdered back there on Bonita, when I stole the maser from carrier’s side compartment. These are nasty weapons, indeed! I desire never, ever absoultootly use one against a living and breathing rude person, a scared animal or an innocent plant life.
Masers are distinguished by the colors of blue, yellow, green, and red, where the color of yellow is the lowest wave intensity setting for only a first degree burn to your mean neighbor. The green sting is a medium wave for only a second-degree burn to your rude table guest. The red maser displays the highest wave setting of third degree burns for your ultimate enemy. The red wave lasts…way too long and disintegrates…way too beautifully any citizen, animal or thing in violently pain and suffering…(yeah, I study, sometimes). The blue maser carries only a minor setting, but a long-time stun numbing charge. I sigh with dread.
The nicely clean white uniform with a yellow girly satin sash on a honor guard of Militia carries a maser with permission of their noble for certain Intergalactic special events. The nobles and noblettes decorate their planetary noble attire with an assortment of swords, sabers, darts, and personal daggers. Commoners are restricted only to daggers. And, Rosa happens to have acquired a set of these illegal weapons. I sigh with adventure.
The food and drinks lounge on the fifth table, locating it, first. Rosa nosily drains her yellow China teacup of tea, studying the electronic tablet in her other hand. Pbot hovers behind her protectively like a Woof puppy.
Rosa rudely direct points with her right index finger at killing weapon’s table, instructing bossy. “On the first table, I would like for you to throw all the weapons using your right arm. I will be measuring your results.” She rudely direct points with a left index finger at second table and commands. “I want you to use the second table of weapons for the left arm. The third table of weapons will be tossed using your Telekinesis powers. The fourth table, we will discuss, later. Dirk trained using this method, which was a very effective means of test and score.”
Rosa swiftly stands as I slowly stand, shaking the table legs. I softly part my pink-painted lips with a set of invisible words, eye burning the weapons, mentally pondering. This dang, stang, and stupid experiment is going to kill day long for me.
Rosa chuckles like a silly clown, reading my mind then body twists to the dying yellow fields of dead crops. “I have marked the course with a series of blue flags. Can you see them?”
I shudder with creepola sensations as the first electric blue-colored marker is a little beyond Lady Ann’s grave site, passed the barn, under the below earth wine cellar. I mathematical calculate the distance, using both human eye sight and Tele view, saying. “1,250 feet away.”
“Quarter mile for each blue marker precisely measured at 1,250 feet away from the previous target.” nods. “You may begin.”
I scratch the pretend fleas from my skull then whirl in my cute circular skirt, and pad to the first table. I delicately handle the first dagger with a right hand then prettily arch my shapely bicep and throw…way far...far…far….for…1 seconds. 2 seconds. 3 seconds. 4 seconds.
I lovingly bull’s eye the center of the tree trunk  precisely in the middle of cloth blue flag, snorting like a wild boar. Pbot electronically records my continuous hand pitches, while Rosa ferociously types with two index fingers her math figures and word comments upon the data tablet.
I charmingly repeat my awesome throwing technique for each single pretty dagger, silver sword, golden saber, three long polished brass arrows, and three small platinum darts from Table #2 using my left bicep along with my hand, and five finger pads. On Table #3, I use my Tele power of Telekinesis with no bicep, no hand, and no finger pads. I giggle in a girly twang.
Finally, I reach the set of elegant killing illegal maser weapons as Rosa orders. “There are three humanoid-shaped dummies located in the open field. One dummy is yellow. Another one is green, and a third figure is red.” She’s very good at killing dying trees and pretty bright pieces of stitched fabrics. I giggle when she orders. “Take the yellow maser and singe the dummy's right arm. I think you are beginning to understand my next logic steps.”
I faithfully obey like an old bird dog unto my master, shooting with a mind-blowing perfect aim the still silly yellow dressed scarecrow-like dummy from 5,000 feet, which is one freaking mile (Bonita math). I can sniff the nasty burned dry hay and brown weeded interior gut stuffing from the burning maser blast.
I repeat precisely the same technique three more times. Pbot hustles in hyper speed and douses the flaming fuming fiery fire…(ya like the ‘f’ flow)…on the dang dumb dummy. Rosa trots slowly behind Pbot, measuring my depth penetration of the weapons in the trees, along the grass, and to the heavens.
I laugh. “Stang!” Bot leaps…well, okay…flies from the dark hidden corner. I twirl in a circle, smiling. “I’m good at this.” I grab the apple and munch hungrily as Bot lands on the smooth stone. I kneecap for his new homework assignment.
Bot drones. “Pami, do you want to hear the results of my research?”
“Proceed.” I princessly command, stuffing my face with the sweet apple meat as the juice rolls down my lips.
Bot drones. “I have searched for all references regarding the topic, fever. Over the past 500 years, 125 cases of fever have been recorded and reported to the main bot center. All the victims have succumbed to a deep coma and died within two days.”
“What are the time frames for the infection?”
“68 years, ago.”
“All 125 cases?” I do not believe.
“Affirmative.”
“What were the official registered planets that recorded this infection?” I ask.
“Uni.”
“Only one planet, out of nine healthy worlds?” I am very surprised.
“Affirmative.” Bot drones.
“Who are the patients infected?” I get kitty-cat curious.
“The victims are 120 children and five adults….,” drones Bot.
“Stang!?” I spit, hotly.
Bot drones. “A noble lady does not purposefully choose to verbalize that particular word, Pami.” I wave off with a right hand sucking on the next food item, the iced sweet bread.
 I chew, swallow then ask. “Are there any testimonies for the infection?”
“Affirmation.”
“Identify the people and read their account of the story.”
“There is only one witness, who is noble Lady Rosa of Bonita. Her testimony states that a fever consumed 120 students and five teachers on Uni during a morning school session. The patients were immediately transported to the hospital on Bio for urgent medical treatment. By late afternoon, all patients succumbed to a deep coma. The next day, they were declared dead which included 120 children aged at four years old and five mature adults.”
“She knows. She knows everything.” I talk out loud and eye burn the floor.
“I cannot comprehend that command, Pami.” Bot drones.
I swing my face to my trusting spy. “Bot, how old is the noble Lady Rosa of the planet Bonita?” I really dread hearing this answer.
“She is 245 years of age. Her birth date is…”
“Stop!” I swing my face at Rosa and Pbot hip-hopping like a pair of jack rabbits in the short yellow weeds of the field. “They are older than they look. Madness of the mind. Only an advanced race could control a citizen’s mind and achieve a set of superior Telepathic abilities.” I ask. “What about Lord Creep?”
Bot drones. “Please re-state the question, Pami.” I swing my face at Bot and giggle. The robot doesn’t understand my nickname for Dirk. I need to re-program its hot circuits at a later time deleting my wicked pet names that I have collected from Day-one of entrapment as an alien.
“How old is Dirk?”
“The noble Lord...”
“Stop with the dang titles and give me a whole number.”
“72.”
“72 minus 68 equal 4. He was four years old, when the Sickness appeared. They killed his classmates. Or did he kill them?” I stare at the patio brick when as Bot softly whistles a verbal warning to me. I smile wickedly at my new friend. The robot is very devoted to me. I swing my face, seeing. Rosa slowly stumbles over the yellow grass towards me and the patio. I command. “Bot, I want you to go into a scan mode with no verbal commands from anyone person, but me.” I swing my face and stare at his eye ports. “Do you understand?”
I’m in deep puppy dookie, now, probably more like deadly big T-rex danger, stumbling across both the hard and soft electronic evidence of Rosa’s cold blooded murder. I wish beyond wishes that I had time to delete Bot’s inner guts that contain all his electronic records and requests of my verbal requests, leaving a fairy tale ending of Hansel and Gretel electronic audit trail of my private snooping.
I’m a mainframe computer programmer on Earth. Believe me! When I say that pressing the delete key doesn’t work, it doesn’t work. The E-files just don’t disappear, they are transferred permanently to the cyberspace bank chopped up into bits and bites inside the physical computer brain that stores zillions upon zillions cyber memories. Or they can be retained for centuries…(that’s 1000s of years)… until the data is purged/stolen/copied by a competent cyber space programmer or an illegal hacker…(that’s me).
I plot a plan to hack Bot’s inner core, and remove my spy data, tonight. Bot’s comlen shines in green, affirmative. I order. “Now, scat! Shoo.” I wave off a right hand then slouch my folded petiteness into a chair, slurping on the cold beverage.
What is your command? Green words form upon the comlen of Bot.
I direct point my manicured pink-painted index finger nail…(painted my nails for BA)…deep inside a castle room, and command. “Leave and hide.”
Bot lifts, flies, and swiftly exits my eyesight, dashing backwards like a weird-o UFO around the wall corner. My Tele-sight has noted with mystery that Pbot has replaced all the burnt dummies with a harem of new models and zips back to Rose’s side. She steps onto patio and poses in tallness more regally like a queen. I smile goofy.
“I want you to use your Telekinesis powers to throw each weapon this time from this table.” She elegantly strolls to yellow table cloth draped furniture in the far corner and smiles sweetly. I sigh with rebellion.
I sit and face the burnt grass, eating the third sweet roll, saying. “Rosa, how do you think I was able to toss a tiny sixty-fourths of an inch dart top over 99,999 feet away or burn a red stuffed scarecrow dummy to gray ashes with a single maser shot? I’ve been using my Tele powers for each and every awesome dazzling kill-your-enemy strike….”
“That is not an accurate statement, Pami.” I swing my curls to burn her pretty face with my invisible fire balls as she smirks, saying. “You used your physical strength to toss a weapon coupled with your Telekinesis to reach the target. There is a difference. Even as a child, you played and worked using your physical muscles and innate strength. You cannot help it. Bones and muscles are meant to grow in strength with each use, just like your Tele powers, which you so often label your talents.” Rosa smiles as I ponder her stupid POV. She re-starts like a stalled automobile. “You are, also, a gifted Telepathy. Why do you not communicate with citizens using your brain waves instead of verbal commands? That is an easy and more efficient method of talking,” pausing as I ponder her smart POV. She says. “You cannot, because not all citizens are Telepathic in nature, only a select few of talented Teles. Therefore, you must learn to communicate in different and distinct useful two ways using your verbal words and your Telepathic mental images, depending on the circumstances.” I nod my curls. Rosa says. “Telekinesis is the same process. Sometimes, you use hundred percent of your physical strength to achieve your objective, when it is too difficult, your Telekinesis powers kicks in to assist which is a natural reflex for Teles. You have successfully demonstrated this coupling with the weapons on tables one and two. I have found in my experience pure Telekinesis ability is not always hundred percent utilized. Your Tele powers are based on a stable continuous emotional flow. You said so yourself that when stressed they did not work,” pausing. “I want you to distinguish between your mixed coupling effect and your pure Telekinesis energy.” A single chocolate fudge brownie point to her for that lesson, since I receive a vanilla-colored chocolate demerit.
I flip face and bow my jaw line for her victory to Rosa, saying. “You are right. I am wrong.”
Rosa lectures. “There is no right or wrong method, Pami,” smirking. “I am preparing you to face an opponent of equal or greater strength than yourself in battle, who you will defeat in any situation.” I stare at the wall corner, looking for that peaky cockroach, worrying like a little kid at the boogie man under the bed mattress. She waves both her arms like a ballet dancer over the new table, ordering. “The weapons on this table will assist me in measuring your maximum Telekinesis limit. I want you to try to think of it as a basis for improvement.” Improvement. Now, she’s insulting me as Rosa orders. “Levitate each weapon and strike the target! Only, this time use a hundred percent of your mind,” nodding for my new test.
I slowly stand from the table, gathering my pure Tele energies of Telepathy, Telekinesis, Teleclairvoyance, and Telemetabolics which translates to me: use it all at once. I mathematical check the height of the roof and depth of the patio, then motion my hand for her and Pbot to back away from the target trajectory. I focus and Tele-sight the flagged trees as targets, low stumps as obstacles, and the set of newly erected dummies. I soldierly stand with my arms tapping at my kneecaps beside the killing weapon table consisting a set of one straight bladed silver sword, one curved-bladed golden saber, six polished brass arrows with gold tips, and six tiny darts next to a distinct maser for my required task.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus. Target.
I throw…way…far…far…far as all weapons fly magically like a herd of birds off the table and precisely strike all targets, piercing the middle blue cloth flags. Each maser burns a one inch hole on the top of the straw skull. Pbot hauls metal to the three incinerated dummies, burning down the dry field. I giggle with glee, saying. “I got a little carried away.” I twirl my body as my skirt beautifully pirouettes in a circle. Rosa stand timelessly in space, mum with speechless peace.
I grab a fourth yummy sweet bread, licking the white frosting with a pink tongue waiting for…4 seconds. 3 seconds. 2 seconds. 1 second. Zero second.
Rosa slowly parts her lips like a breathing fish, then say. “I…am…very impressed with your exhibition. Striking multiple targets simulation with each weapon, all at once, is a marvelous feat. Congratulations, Starra!” I grin with a toothy film of white icing over my enamel then clean my teeth with my tongue. Rosa nods. “I have one more request. Can you retrieve all the weapons together and deposit them back onto the single table?” She scoots her eyeballs to me as I eye roll, ugly.
I twirl in my cute skirt and face the field, whispering like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Dang! Let’s see the Tele perform another neat trick.” I hold the half-eaten sweet roll in my mouth and drop both dirty hands against my clean tights.
I connect, link, and Tele to Rosa. Watch!
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
Like magic all the weapons soar stunningly in the air waves roaming the land mass and then quietly return back to Table #6. “Outstanding!” Rosa sings in her new flute music, clapping her hands and smiling at me, then bounces to the dining table. She drops her fanny into the padded chair then types into her electronic tablet.
I swing my face, examining the table, and scanning each weapon that hugs pieces of tree bark, brown dirt clods, and grass sedge stained on both blades and hilts. Awesome job!
“What were Lord Dirk’s results, Rosa?” I am dying to know how my #1 un-friend fairs, especially, when we meet in bloody battle.
Rosa says. “I am not going to reveal his test scores to you that would not be ethical as a teacher, but I can say that you will have no trouble defending yourself against him. Lord Dirk will be unpleasantly surprised, if he encounters you, my dear.”
My T-power of Teleclairvoyance echoes a frightful bloody future image inside my brain cells, seeing. Me against Dirk. I squeeze my eyeballs shut blocking the future event. I sigh with anxiety-ness.
“Chill out, Starra! Come and finish your breakfast.” Rosa taps on the table.
I pad to the seat, smiling. “Chill out! Where’da ya hear that expression, Rosa?”
“Earth.” She sings in alto music.
“Earth. Radio waves. You receive a series of continuous low impact microwave waves through the wormhole. Didn’t ya?” I eye burn the pretty ring of red, blue, and yellow that continuously fires in a baby blue sky over a brown dying Bonita.
“I built an old fashioned receiver that I have obviously stored inside the barn, without the horses and their smelly manure. My job, here, is to protect the wormhole, observing Earth is an added task that I accept as a guardian of true and justice.” Rosa drinks a new teacup of orange liquid.
“You know about the finale final fate of Earth?” My voice sharpens angelically as my heart drops down into my tummy with flying butterflies. I sigh with sadness.
She nods and softly words. “I am afraid I do. You can never go back, Starra. It is a death trap waiting to happen as you, Earthlings quote.”
“Are you implying there’s a real method of transportation for me to travel back home to Earth?” I part my lips, staring at her.
She views me, shaking her curls, “I am sorry. I give you that uncertain hopeful impression. The largest and swiftest star ship we possess cannot penetrate the fiery wormhole, without burning into a glob of melted metal on the other side, just like your crash-landed ship. You…will…die.” I eye burn the ring of fire, feeling trapped, abandoned, and marooned. Rosa nods, smiling. “I can sense your determination to try. I will not interfere with your outside plans, ever, Starra. Remember this, I predict that you will succeed as a well-respected member of the noble community. I hope you will accept your fate, here.” I eye burn the plate, exhaling and hearing that word, accept echo between my earlobes.
I accept my fate that I can change things with my Free Will. There is a way back home to Starbuck Plantation through the wormhole. I’ll find it.
Rosa viciously attacks my private and personal Tele-shield, searching my thoughts as I enforce a Tele-wall. She peels off mentally from my Tele-obstacle, nodding. “Frankly, I am in complete awe that you survived the deadly crash. No normal Earthling could have done that majestic feat.”
“Majestic feat! So, you used your equally majestic talent discovering me as alien.” I probe further for the real truth, since I have learned about her personal murder of 120 innocent children to cover for evil Dirk.
“I discovered that you are very special. I tracked the burning ship but could not see any life signs of Earthlings. I will speculate that you had pulled your mental protective shielding so tight around your physical body that I could not read your live life form.” Rosa smiles.
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
I nod. “Then, you followed me to Commerce.”
“This galaxy holds 3,000,000 citizens. I know every noble and every commoner, metaphysically speaking, of course. All life forms emit a certain bandwidth of colored energy. Your light is very bright and high like a shining beacon on a dark night. That is how I was able to track you to Commerce. Thus, you know the rest of the story.”
There are 3,000,000 citizens plus one teen alien. I giggle. “Gimme the names within the 3,000,000 citizens that know about me or my shining light?” I worry about those other secret super beings, being able to track my Tele energy. I plan to take care of it using my personal secret Tele talents, snarling like a baby grizzly bear.
Rosa reads her electronic table. “Dirk is the only other citizen capable of viewing who you really are, because I trained him. Do not be concerned with your make-believe silly notion! Dirk is too self-absorbed in both greed and pity to notice you. I imagine he does not question the pretend story of you, being my long, lost cousin from the southern hemisphere on Bonita,” she nods at me. “I believe that we have strayed from your original assignment. Time for your maser weapon practice…,” announcing with a devious smile. I sigh with apprehension.
During our deadly chat, Pbot has re-set Table #6 with the four weapons of mass destruction inside the new pine box of four black shiny coated maser weapons. I see the interior objects even through a lead can unlike some other super heroes, giggling. I cramp more food into my mouth then chew and swallow the doughy lump, eye burning her. “Let me guess, here! For my next neat trick, I pitch the maser over the moon.” I giggle with a girl twang and smile goofy.
Rosa smashes her eyelashes upright and presents a set of dead pan straight lips then whispers in shock. “Bonita does not have a moon.”
I giggle and arch my grape jelly-covered hand for fun. “I’m teasing you, sweetheart. It’s a joke, Rosa.” I chuckle like a silly clown.
She nods, without a smile, “A joke! Of course, your charming wit, sometimes, a little misguided, but always entertaining.” She swiftly stands and finger points at the weapons, questioning. “Are you rested, my dear? The next set of exercises is going to be very strenuous.”
“I’m ready.” I stand, saluting like a military Private to my Army General.
Rosa smiles, nodding. “You have accurately hit all your markers, all morning long. It is your turn to dodge the attacks. I need to record your response times for further improvement.” I swallow the gathered thick palate of mouth salvia and eye burn the killing weapons, thinking mentally. I will be playing the child’s game of Dodge Ball with a battery of real artillery killing weapons that maims and mangles and mutilates any and all life forms…including me.
Without my Tele powers, I can predict my response time is going to be excellent and outstanding and will probably break all of Lord Creep’s old set Tele records, because I want to continue to live, breathe, eat, pee, and dookie. I mentally tuck my panicked feelings away down into my pinky toe bones and mentally encourage my freaking soul, I must survival.
If Dirk passed the Tele-trials, then I can. I’m smarter, swifter, stronger, and sweeter. I giggle with a girly twang, mentally reminding my neurons, Rosa will not hurt me, purposefully. Rosa nosily clears her throat, and rudely finger points towards the naked open plains of the low grassy field, passed a grove of dying oak trees and low scrub yellow grasslings. I follow the finger then meekly request. “Do I get a weapon to defend, myself?”
She chuckles like a silly clown, whipping her hand to the wall of weapons. “I will not give you a weapon, but a shield. I do not want to get hurt. You are too accurate with your targets, Pami.”
I gurgle with mouth spit, “A joke!” I giggle, lightly. “You do have a sense of humor, also.” Rosa jab an unpolished fingernail at the half-body size shield of gold peek-a-booing from the tips of the cloth table.
I snail-walk on boots to the object, bend at kneecaps, and powerfully lift with two hands a mounted vertical handle on the rear of the golden shield. I swirl clumsy with the heavy object and trot swiftly, using a Tele-gallop for the shield and me into a field. We, two stop about 1,500 feet from the mansion’s patio brick.
Rosa hoists and accurately beams a single dagger at me with a medium good velocity speed using her T-power of Telekinesis. I easily deflect the tip of the sharp little knife’s trajectory into the side bar old tree stump even with my shoulders pads, five feet and one inch. Magically, two more tiny daggers soar a perfect horizontal parallel course along the dry weeds straight line to me. I leap, kitten-like behind a thick fat oak tree to the right, blocking and protecting my precious body. Then, I gently levitate the weapons with a fury of invisible natural wind currents, gathered by my mighty Telekinesis as the soaring daggers bounce off the plotted course of my cute eyebrows, then cut off the dry heads of the yellow knee-high flowers, snorting in my victory snot.
Two swords, four darts, and two arrows fly on pairs of invisible wings, hitting, not in any specific order, the old fat Oak tree bark, where I suddenly hide like a two year toddler. The swords land in brown dirt taking out a couple of yellow bushes, that zing into my golden shield, not me. I quickly pray for the virtual finish line, since my previous make-believe attack from Dan, the sword man in the Tele Training on Earth wasn’t as fiery ferocious.
I quickly shuffle my body about three feet from a dry and crackling Oak tree for more playing room as I track three more incoming swords, holding the shield before my precious body and veer the weapons up into the heavens. They land deftly behind my fanny. Two seconds later, six daggers murderously stab directly center point of my shield as my tooth enamel rattles and my milk bones shake from alert, fear, and danger. I drop on my kneecaps and curl up like a tiny kitten for a nice short nap, not for protection. Too close! Too much! Too many! I sigh with fear.
“Stang!” I curse to the sun then huff musically for air as the shrillness and exhilaration of battle stimulates my mind, my legs, and my nerve endings from Rosa’s vicious attacks. I smell my stinky perspiration, flooding the dry weeds from my freckles, throat, arms, and legs.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I tap into more Tele-strength, hearing with my big Tele-eardrums the subtle swish of the air currents of an unseen barrage of polished arrows and tiny darts coming at me. I swiftly stand for the next real cluster of make-believe fun and daring darling girly adventure. Think. Think fast. Think faster.
I roughly toss the shield into the dirt and soldierly stand in the pathway of the approaching painful projectiles and vertically, raising both arms into the air over my skull and wait…way too long. The deadly throng is in my Tele-sight as I drop my hands from the air ways. The tiny missiles fly right and left of me, piercing the tree bark, many tree limbs, the dirt soil, lots of yellow wild flowers. I drop my folded body gladly to my kneecaps resting, sweating, and thinking.
I Tele-sight, using my T-power of Teleclairvoyance, the set of masers, focusing on the color of yellow, then a single fluid yellow beam causes first degree burns to the flesh, floating directly at my kneecap. I levitate the shield from the dirt into both ten finger pads and swing the shield at the hot beam. The ray beautifully splits as my Telekinesis holds part of the shielding. The metal shield absorbs half of the yellow color when the other half hits the dirt ground of wild vegetables, fried potatoes, ya’ll. Then, I stumble backwards by ten feet while half giggling and half praying.
 I upright my body and study my armor, since the yellow ray has burned an eating dinner plate-sized hole through my sorry protection. My Tele powers cannot deflect this kind of firepower. A second yellow light surprises me and my T-powers, crashing silently into a treetop. I jump, kitten-like to the ground, covering my body with the damaged shield while tree bark and branches fall over me from the dying Oak.
I connect, link, Tele to her. If you’re trying to scare me, it’s working.
My dear, I am just making a point. She connects, links, Teles to me.
There are more subtle methods of communication. Let’s talk. I Tele back.
The third beam colored in electric blue beautifully zaps the same treetop for a second time as many more tiny tree leaves, hundreds of twigs, and twenty-two…(yeah, I counted)…broken branches tumble down roughly on top of me and the shield…(not over, ya’ll). Then, a fourth burst of light leashes a heavy thick wave against the dying forest of horizontal trees lining the open field as nature particles bombard my skull like tiny bombs.
I slowly crawl (palms and kneecaps) away from the falling tree debris then swiftly gallop like a pony on the dirt as I rise like a phoenix from the smoking twigs. I run for the hill, well, a spare grove of dying fruit trees about 150 feet away from the burning trees. Glancing back, the big oak tree splits in half, falling loudly within my eardrums as my eyesight witnesses a green ray and my sensitive eardrums record the sound. I use a Tele-push at the explosion of both bark molecules and splinters from my fanny. Rosa is having…way too much fun blasting her blue streaks at my high speed feet. I jump, T-rex, then leap, T-rex, and prettily perform a mid-air beauty somersault. I dodge, junk, and play duck perfectly from the fourth…not fifth…maybe sixth and seventh attempt to kill me dead like road kill with a set of heated bursts of maser fire. I transverse into a safe haven to the first fruit tree. Rosa is flawless with her aim as the ripen fruit busts into pint-sized bites over me, many tree limbs, and the exposed dirt.
“Stang!” I spit, hotly, sliding vertically into brown dirty dirt, covering my skull with both arms and hands as a volley of fruit pieces prettily explodes and painfully pelts my body, then all stop. I toss the fruits pieces like an arched rainbow using my T-lift over the side of me.
I breathe and pant for oxygen, lifting my freckles and eye burn my safe haven, once a pretty grove patch containing healthy five out of forty mature blooming reddish-yellow fruit trees. The thirty-five trees exhibit, ugly an assortment of missing leaves, broken limbs, and scorched fresh burnt fruit while dropping steady like snow flakes onto the mushy brown field. I cough and gag with yucky fruit juice and seedlings, and peeling fruit skin, adhering from my hair roots to covered toe bones.
One of the healthy just fine lovingly five trees brilliantly explodes into a pretty combo of red, blue, and yellow fiery red ash with a red maser uses a third degree level to burn a living life form to death. I cringe, dropping fearfully to the dirt, hearing the shattering of more tree bark. Time to find a new hiding place!
I yell. “Stang!”
I rotate my neck muscles around the open terrain, eye burning the stone wall, a little bitty 400 feet away from the grove of fruit trees. I crouch on my kneecaps, shooting my body upright into the air at an angle of 180 degrees. I Tele-climb propelling and twirling in an elegant body vertical spin, hugging my arms and hands over my chest with my legs shaped like straight pins imitating an accomplished trapeze artist.
I deftly land on my boot soles upright like a solider then bend at the knees and tuck my body into a rubber ball, rolling my body along the wind currents like a professional baseball. I dodge the wavering red single wave then outstretch my flying body like a beautiful eagle, using my arms as feathered wings perpendicular to my frame and gracefully fall onto the brown dirty dirt.
I rattlesnake-crawl on my belly along the dirt another 200 feet, half way mark and track a single maser trajectory. I upright my skull, and shoulders in the air, and butt-crawl with my strong ankles and toe bones to the left, then to the right, then more to the right. I shift my trail to my favor as I outfox the beam. Then I soldierly upright and vault my vertically lined frame into an elegantly series of four cartwheels, three round offs, into two forward handsprings towards a stone barrier, advancing another 150 feet out of 400.
“Stang!” I yell and stop. Then I tuck my body into a tight ball, hiding behind the limestone slab, panting for air like a Woof dog. I hunger for both water and food, when the four red shots locate my skull, zinging the red shots on, then off the hard natural limestone rock formation. I bolt like a wild colt and run like a jaguar across the dirt then leap, T-rex and awesomely clear the 20 feet of solid earth and the feet five vertical limestone wall. I cushion my rough landing with a series of forward body rolls until dizziness overtakes my brain cells, sliding vertically, outstretched like a dead person but face down, burying a chin deeply into the soft dirt. Then waves of red mean angry color belt the poor old stone wall, splintering into millions and millions of small pieces of gray pebbles, pounding the dry dirt like a set of evil raindrops. I upright my face, and pain-crawl on fours (bruised blue palms, and red bloody kneecaps) inside a safe interior curvature of the wall, pressing my sweaty back against the cool stones. The emotion of calm over takes my mind and the sky.
No shots. No beams. No waves. I hear, between the heavy rushes of my air breathing, the birds happily chirp, while the cool wind playfully flutters my dry strands of gray hair against my sweaty face. The surviving tree leaves prettily dance for merriment in the slight breeze.
I am done, my dear. Rosa connects, links, and Teles me.
I am too tired to connect a metaphysical link. I slowly stand and grunt like a wounded animal and painfully drag my aching tissues, bones, muscles towards the low part of the wall, peeping over. I see Pbot proudly fly a white flag between its metal limbs. I grin slightly and surrender peacefully, sitting my fanny into the dirt, and searching for the entrance gate. I don’t see an entrance gate, mustering the last ounce of earthling-girl energy from my body. I crawl in the mostest ungraceful female move in Bonita’s history up, over, and down the wall like a peaky cockroach, dumping elbows, first onto the soft ground. Pbot veers its cylinder to the left, measuring the weapon penetration marks in the dirt ground.
I painfully limb in my pair of three-inched high heel boots onto the castle patio, sneering like a bear, cursing like a sailor, and snorting like a boar, both unhappily and unfriendly words about Rosa. She isn’t present at the eating table but in the fields, recording my awesomest performance, since my newborn birth. I meekly gurgle with a pretend laughter, because I’m too tired to roar like a jungle queen cat. However, my black funeral outfit itches in numerous orange ant and red ladybug’s guts and stains in the pretty colors of brown dirt, black mud, green grass, yellow fruit, and red blood…(that’s mine).
My kneecaps lovely model in the pastel candy pink and baby blue scratches between the peek-a-boo shreds of torn black tights, while my elbows painfully bend with dark blue bruises, and vivid blood-red cuts from both crawling and wading through nature’s muck and mud. My gray shoulder-length hair shampoos in yellow dirt, brown twigs, and wet red sticky fruit juice, while my poor boots wear several sets of nasty deep scuffs, and beautifully cuts, and shaped geometric scars into the soft leather. I sigh with fatigue.
I drink like a cave barbarian from the elegant water pitcher then rudely burp out loud the A, B, C first vocal letters of the Alphabet then rudely wipe many gross sweat balls from many wet body parts onto the pretty soft table cloth. 
Rosa return, sitting. I snail-walk to a padded chair as Rosa silently studies and nosily scratches upon her data tablet. Bot appears beside my chair like a good servant, while I gently pull one boot at a time off my swollen ankle then hand off the item. Bot loads the pair into his protruding top shelf of his cylinder form. I meekly order. “Savage, if possible.” Bot scurries away, while I chump the banana.
I flippantly mock for fun and torture, nodding, chewing, and spitting some banana mesh. “Did…I…pass?” I mentally think brilliant, spectacular, fabulous, sensational, amazing, marvelous, since I can’t summon anymore adjectives due to my exhausted brain cells.
“You failed.” Rosa assesses as I nosily gag and choke then roughly cough, and spit up the mushy piece of banana into my left hand without dying on the spot. I quickly toss the yuck-o baby food upon the concrete and eye burn her with a series of invisible fire balls. Rosa ain’t flaming. Rosa grins, saying with calm and control. “Would you prefer that I discuss each error step by step or a summary?” She holds the data tablet in the air as my eyeballs shift to the hand-sized devise and fires lasers at the thing. It don’t flame, either.
My T-powers are not working, properly, so I painfully groan then moan then quietly say with an unbelievably controlled restrained slight tight fake stupid smile on my mud covered red bloody freckled face. “Please….summarize.”
“You did not use your Tele powers, Starra. I tested your metaphysical level, listing as novice, beginner, intermediate, advanced, and exceptional. Your level is, somewhere, between a novice and a beginner.” She nods.
Gosh gee! Give me a freaking break, lady. I’m very new at this Tele stuff, training two months on Earth then two days, here. I rank as “a novice”, “a new person”, “a newborn” or “a newbie.” I sigh with disenchantment.
“O!” I mouth form, silently, while my brain thinks, mentally, the long strand of lovely nasty English words for my teacher, my test, and my training.
“Starra, you do not understand what I am telling you. You possess exceptional talents, but you still rely upon the coupling factor of your physical strength plus your Tele power. That is not going to cut the muster, master.” Rosa grins with a toothy, using a sorta familiar ancient Earth expression. I heard several times in a Hollywood movie on Starbuck Plantation.
Rosa preaches with head nods, throat grunts, and hand motions. “You failed, because you do not utilize a hundred percent of your Tele energy. In an active battle field, you do not need a physical weapon. Use this, here.” She gently touches my temple with her index finger nail, lecturing. “You carry it around with you all the time 20 hours a day, five days a week, and 300 days in a year,” frowning. Rosa uses the math measurements for a standard Bonita year, not standard Earth 365 day-year. She exhales. “The proper action for this exam was to stand in the open field and deflect weapon after weapon using all your Tele power. No shields, no trees, no stones, no walls, and…no mess.”
I nosily gurgle, since my vocal cords are dry like the desert at my Tele results, wrongly accurate. “I see…,” nodding my curls, then whine like I have stepped my left boot in a fresh pile of dog dookie. “That takes months, years, decades, and centuries to react like an exceptional super being, Rosa.”
“Using Teleclairvoyance, can you see me throw the weapon?” Rosa nods.
“Yes.” I sing in soft flute music.
“Using Telepathy, can you predict the trajectory?”
“Okay.” I sing in flute music, clearly seeing the forming pattern.
“Using Telekinesis, can you deflect the object?” Rosa does not stop lecturing.
“Do I have to answer that one?” I get it, finally.
Rosa rudely finger points at my temple for a second time. “It is, here, all the time. Use all your Tele energy to identify, track, and destroy it, before it destroys you.” She shifts her finger pad at my beating heart muscle. I sigh with shock.
I greatly dislike the word, destroy. Too strong! Too permanent! Too dead. Ya know, I don’t like other “d” words, such as destruction. Disaster. Damage. Die. Dying. Dead. Death. I sigh with doom.
“I want you to re-take the test using your newly acquired knowledge. I want to measure your improved Tele level.” She swiftly stands with both hands on her hips as I moan, then sneer, then cough from not breathing. I view my naked feet, then my dirty hands, then Rosa. She shakes her curls. “I do not believe, we will re-take the test, today.” I stretch my aching cheekbones into a fake smile. She smiles, scanning mentally my aching body with her Tele-probe, since I’m too exhausted to lift a Tele shield in defend. Rosa nods. “I would say probably, not tomorrow, either. I think you need a day or two of rest and recovery.” Rosa smiles prettily.
I murmur. “Thank you.”
“The rest of the afternoon is yours. Do you need anything?” Rosa says while displaying a genuine motherly attitude for my wellness along with funeral home pity and fire hearth warmth concern.
I creatively recite, grinning. “No thank you! I’m going to stuff my face, until I puke then lavish in hot steamy bath. I will drop into a cool bed, and sleep my eternal rest, until I awaken to a new dawn.” I slowly stand and swiftly ache with a few dog grunts.
Rosa screws her eyebrows, ugly, asking. “Is that a line from famous Earth poem?”
I shake my dirty curls and smile. “Just saying! You won’t see me until tomorrow morning.” I yawn with an ugly hole in my face.
She nods and tenderly pats the torn turtleneck’s sleeve. “All right, my dear. Good night! By the way, Dirk passed my exam with a set of pretty colored flying flags accompanied by a barge of vivid fireworks.” She elegantly pirouettes towards patched dirty French doors out of my eyesight.
“Stang! Bot?” I violently shout. I sigh with purpose.

Day 9. private chamber. 69°F. morning. I awake upon elbows, upright my skull, blinking my eyelashes once, twice then thrice in my warm bed as the sun happily shines through the open windows. I hear the joyful song of birds and the dry leaves rustle. The bumblebees buzz, a nicely pleasant change to my eardrums, not hearing a droning synthesized voice coupled with a humming of mechanic sprockets and gears with a violent wakeup call. I sigh with peace.
No summons. No poking. No demands.
I rotate my neck muscles around the empty quiet room as Bot dashes through the doorway. It drones. “Lady Starra, good morning to you! I’m so terribly sorry that I have to report. Your dull funeral outfit from yesterday’s intense physical activities is completely unsalvageable as a proper mourning garment. I cannot repair the destructive damage. But, I have successfully finished polishing your new pair of boots.” I giggle at its silly statement and notice that Bot holds upright the object. I stare at my cute cowgirl boots in solid black snake skin, expect for the small toe tip painted in hot pink. I haven’t figured out that particular animal, yet. I will ask Bartholomew…(yeah, boyfriend, babe). Bot holds the boots in one metal limb, carrying a steaming food tray in the other.
I smile, nodding, grabbing my new cowgirl boots. “Thank you, Bot! You did an excellent job shining them.” I sit the boots next to my elbow like a child then allow Bot to service me with the breakfast tray across my lap under the bed covers. My little metal friend and my personal private spy acts a little odd within my sharp neurons as inquire. “What’s up with the new name change, Bot?” I stir the cup of cold milk into the hot oatmeal.
Bot hovers, blinking many colorful lights over limbs and belly button. “Indeed, Lady Starra! Thank you so much for your acute perception. I have upgraded my system online programs. One of them includes a personality application. Does it please you, Lady Starra?”
Bot talks…way too much, but I am very pleased. “Yes, Bot.” I nosily drink the red juice.
Bot enlightens in his new adventure. It drones. “Lady Rosa departed, yesterday, after you had fallen asleep for Commerce. She returned with a batch of new applications for Pbot and me.” I nosily gasp with worry. I recall the electronic audit trail of questions and associated answers that tracked a secret cold blooded murder of children and adults on Uni. I forgot to remove/delete/expunge/purge data files/records/bites from the mainframe core of the robot, before it traveled to Commerce.
I swallow then meekly ask. “Bot, did you apply the system upgrades by yourself?” I hope with a quick prayer.
“I did, Lady Starra. There is no human capable of accessing my mainframe, without the proper codes and passwords.” Bot drones. I sigh with relief.
I nod, smile, and stab the donut with the fork. “Wonderful news! Congratulations, Bot. Where’s Rosa?” I wonder, if she suspects my dirty deed.
“She is on the patio deck having breakfast. Lady Rosa specifically instructed Pbot and me not to disturb you.” Bot drones.
“Thanks for food, boots, and personality, Bot.” I nod my curls as Bot scoots out the door.
I dress in a set of new clothes, hanging inside the closet, since Rosa likes to shop. I by-pass the vivid cheery colors for an awesome attire, a black turtleneck, a black circular skirt paired, without the black tights, and my newly polished black leather cowgirl boots with the side inlays of hot pink. The pink streaks sorta squashes that downy funeral image, giggling with a girly twang. I skip happily down the steps on cowgirl boots into the patio. I sigh with expectation.

Patio. “Good morning!” I greet technically correct, since it is two more minutes before noon time of ten in the morning… (20 hours in a Bonita day). I giggle silly.
“Good afternoon, my dear.” Rosa greets and smiles. I scoot to the table, piling heaps of food like a starving heathen then quietly sit and dig into the buttered biscuits, first. She starts. “Before, we begin our brief instruction, I want to remind you of the Royal Noble Committee meeting, today.” I mop and clean the three eggs, two stripes of bacon, and two biscuits and one jelly donut as Rosa talks…way too much, without breathing for oxygen like an ocean fish. “The Noble Meeting is the day before Jubilation Day, starting precisely at five in the evening and concludes precisely at midnight or ten in the morning. You will be representing me on the committee.” I mentally translate: see pretty Lady Starra and hear King Rex blab the night away. Rosa says. “All of the planets will be represented by the highest noble or another designated member of the noble family. This is dictated by Rex. You are allowed to voice your comments, opinions, and viewpoints about any subject discussed. I want you to honor the final decisions made tonight for the upcoming event. Do you comprehend your duties, Lady Starra?” I nod my curls, since my mouth is full of food.
Rosa sips her teacup then nods, smiling. “I traveled yesterday to our castle on Commerce, stocking the pantry with food, fresh linens on the beds, and a wonderful gift for you a new wardrobe,” smiling.
I silently mouth: thank you.
Rosa says. “I am sorry it has taken so long to design your personal outfits. My seamstress is very good and is always quiet busy. You have a complete assemble of gowns, shoes, and jewelry for your royal début at the dance gala events, this weekend. I have taken the liberty of selecting a gown for tonight. Positively lovely to charm Baron Bartholomew, he will be most pleased.” Rosa match makes, grinning with a toothy smile.
Swift hot flashes dart across both my cheekbones blushing in bright pink, when I zap a T-power of Telemetabolics, clearing the teen sweat. “Are you not coming?”
She smiles, tenderly patting my clean sleeve of my forearm. “I…have not been feeling my usual self. The sheer excitement and exertion of yesterday’s Tele test has drained some of my limited energy. I am not the young girl, I used to be.” I stop eating and eye burn her with concern. She nods. “I am dandy as those Earth Yankees say.” She smiles then nods sliding her used plate of food to the side and questions. “Are you ready?”
I chew then swallow. “Yes.” I lie honestly, not really ready for more Tele tests.
“Your personal experience with the maser firearms is unforgettable, would you admit? As I demonstrated the colored beams hit, damage, and destroy any obstacle in its path be it bark or stone.” Rosa says.
“Yes.” I sing in flute music and nod, concurring with her assessment of the deadly maser weapons. I sigh with intrigue.
“What if…I told you that I possess a secret weapon that can stop maser waves?” Rosa poses with mystery and smiles.
I smile and nod my skull several times. “I’d tell you to show me.”
“Excellent answer! Show you, I will.” Rosa smiles, dragging a red tinted wooden box, and lifts the top. I peek and see two beautiful golden thick banded arm bracelets each with one shiny glittering big black stone. Rosa whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings. “This is it.” She hands me one of the precious items as the bracelet smoothes as fine silk heavy as a small shield, glimmering like a crystal goblet, and communicating with words to directly to me through my T-powers. Rosa lectures. “The stone is called a black diamond. It is mined only on Bonita in a hidden location only known to me.” Rosa pauses for drama and eye burns me, voicing in alto clarinet. “Starra, are you listening to me?”
I gaze at the glowing gold band and black gleaming rock soldered toward as a decorative bracelet, tenderly stroking with my right five finger pads, stuttering. “It…it is…is talking to…to me.” Then I swing my face and eye burn Rosa.
She eyeballs the bracelet between my finger pads, frowning. “Really! What is it saying to you, Starra?” She views me.
“I feel…,” something as I wrinkle my forehead, ugly. I close my eyelashes, and grab the bracelet solid with my right five finger pads. “…strong…very strong words of… power, punishment, purpose…”
“This is correct. What else do you sense, Starra?” Rosa encourages.
“I feel damage, destruction, and death.” I nosily gasp from my visual and mental images and words assaulting my neurons.
“This is very good.” Rosa assures.
“There are images. I can see a pale skin female with long blonde hair and blue eyes. She is young and strong. You?” I blink open my eyelashes and stare at Rosa as she nods in confirmation of my vision and I repeat. “I see you, Rosa.”
“Correct, continue?”
I look at the stone while the images repeat inside my neurons like a popular Hollywood film with the same movie stars. I say. “Then, the vision jumps to a male who is old, very elderly with a brown beard. Another image shows a new female, tall, and big boned. I see a different female, young and inexperienced exhibiting only a single bracelet upon her right arm.” I describe.
Rosa smiles and claps her hands together in delight, singing in flute music. “Marvelous.” She holds an open palm for the bracelet. I gladly surrender the pretty object, placing it inside her palm. She touches the object with her index finger than places her other hand over the bracelet. She nods, “You have experienced a series of flashbacks from the different owners of these gold bracelets. They date back over 500,000 years in our history at the beginning of the galaxy.”
“The Book did not reference this data.” I present a pair of duck lips, ugly.
“It is not listed in any Book or a written text. This is part of…(leans her face to me)…the secret.” Then, Rosa jerks her chin towards the heavens and chuckles like a silly clown as I twist my lips, ugly. My Tele-mind visions of the bracelet’s backward weird-o journey. I can’t explain in metaphysical terms both real and disturbing. The bracelet’s vibes depicted many fotos of total destruction and permanent death associated with these two beautiful jeweled works of nature. Rosa lectures. “Black diamonds are mined every 500,000 years. The crystallization process is very, very, very lengthy, difficult, and mysterious. Therefore, only, two black diamonds have ever been created within the belly of Bonita among the ice and fire. And, only, these two stones have ever been mined, here.” She opens her closed palm, revealing the single black diamond within the gold mineral.
Half of a million years for each black diamond calculates precisely and coincides exactly with the one million years of the aged period of this galaxy inside the big fat old red turned almost pink-tinted Book. I recalled reading, last night. And, the same period of time, these citizens had emigrated from Planet Earth through the wormhole leading into this new unknown universe.
Based on my ready fact sheet of the Book coupled with my new info from Rosa, I deduct. I say, nodding. “The young tall girl was the first owner of the first black diamond mined on Bonita over 500,000 years ago.”
She nods. “You are correct. I am deviating from our planned assignment for today. I will discuss a formal, detailed history of the bracelets when you return from Commerce after your noble obligations are fulfilled.” Of course! The fairy tale gets interesting, intriguing, and inviting, then Rosa subject changes. She raises the bracelets. “I am going to show you how the bracelets work. Do not bother asking me for scientific theorems, mathematical postulates or physics principals on why the stones work. I do not have an explanation. The ultimate VIP lesson…,” she uses another old Earth expression as I smile goofy. Rosa says, “… is to always remember not to ever smash the stones, together.” I part my lips like a fish for speaking when Rosa jerks her index finger to her lips. I close my lips. I sigh with impatience.
Rosa swiftly stands, sliding perfectly both the bracelets upon her wrists, swinging her body and enters the land vehicle, then flies 3,500 feet away from the patio and me. I stand and walk to the edge of the patio with frustration, puzzlement, and intrigue, parking my hands on my hips and watching.
Rosa connects, links, and Teles to me. Use the yellow maser and shot me in the heart, Starra.
“Stang!” I sing in piccolo music shout as my heart suffocates my tight throat. I violently cough inhaling snips of oxygen for breathing. Rosa is a live mannequin that’s going to demo with her real flesh, bones, and blood the power of the bracelets.
I recalled reading in the Book. A crime is punished by a more humane and kinder means with the formation of Prison Planet which is located on the hottest world in the second universe. The hot world with the hotter noble is known as Sahara. Prince Rann independently owns, rules, and operates the round ball over the all the convicted criminals as decreed so by Rex. All convicted criminal serve the rest of his or her natural born life until death upon Sahara. No parole. No release. No escape.
Escape is punishable by one act, death by hanging beautifully from the newly fresh pine wooden gallows which is located inside the game Stadium…(gross bloody pictures from the Book, ya’ll). The Stadium’s massive tall, wide, and single physical structure, consisting of several wide entrance gates, many sitting bleaches, gigantic watching comlens, and working listening comfones. The equipment perfectly designs to accommodate thousands upon thousands of blood lust citizens for a lovely formal suffocation of a wicked galaxy criminal. I sigh with fear.
Therefore, no jailed prisoners complain, escape or buck Rex’s one-sided justice system, since the second death act that can be committed by a bad citizen is treason against Rex, the solo ruler of the universe. The Book states, if a citizen is found guilty of treason against Rex, he or she bypasses the lifetime prison sentence rule on Sahara and is immediately executed by hanging from the gallows on Commerce. Side note: a crime of assassin is not punished in this galaxy. Strange but true! I sigh with puzzlement.
Assassin is not a crime, but an efficient and an effective means of a sick-o ladder and latter ambition for a noble or a commoner to attain a higher status on his or her home world. The Book greatly hints that Rann was born as a simple commoner, first and then attained the highest noble status of “prince” on Sahara, second. Rann had utilized the same ruthless cut throat and vicious method of both murder and deceit, an assassination method. I cringe visually and violently shake in my cowgirl boots recalling that hand written piece inside the folded pages of the Book as a cold chill gallops up my back spine slamming into my active neurons. Rosa carefully called Rann, dangerous as I permanently term Rann, insane.
Rosa connects, links, and Teles to me. Starra, this might seem a monstrous act to you but I can assure you that I will not be harmed.
I snap my neurons back into reality.
Rosa waits for me to conceptually “pull the trigger” on the maser burn weapon, so my criminal single action is okay, even if, I accidentally kill Rosa for a cause of ambition to be the first Lady of Bonita. Very strange universe! I sigh with meekness.
I connect, link, and Tele to Rosa. Ready. Aim! Fire?
I aim at the tiny figure though my Tele-sight and shoot straight like an arrow the yellow heated beam accurately at her heart. I Tele-see her criss-crossing both arms over her chest while exposing both bracelets upon her wrists with the diamonds facing me. I follow with worry and excitement the visual yellow beam as it puffs out of sight of my human eyeballs into a magically beam of light within my Tele-eyes. Then, the beam lovely vanishes directly into the two beautiful sparkling black diamonds. I jump, kitten-like and leap, froggy like a toad off the patio, hollering for joyous celebration, and dancing in circles as my skirt whirls in the air waves. I sigh with triumphant.
Rosa isn’t dead. I’m not going to jail, pondering the outcomes of the marvelous device shaped like precious jewelry that truly can stop a deadly illegal maser wave permanently in its tracks quoting, sorta, an ancient Earth expression.
Your next task is to fire the blue maser, my dear. She connects, links, and Teles to me.
I shoot, like a practiced outlaw of the wild, wild west of ancient USA, the blue ray, then the green bolt, and finally a deadly red. All three beams travel steady like a straight arrow and gloriously impacts both the black diamonds, magically disappears, without harming Rosa. I jump, kitten-like, and leap, froggy-like while hooting, clapping, and whistling wildly. I sigh with joy.
Rosa reprimands, stepping her boot upon the patio. “I hope you do not engage in this unladylike performance, tonight, at the Royal noble committee meeting. This would constitute bad manners, inappropriate behavior, and unbecoming a noble lady of Bonita, Starra. I would be very shocked and embarrassed.”
I stop swirling, and twirling my body then park my hands in front of my skirt like a good girl. I smile. “I will not disappoint you. I promise. I just show my excitement that you’re alive, not dead…I mean…for the bracelets. They work, not didn’t work….,” blushing bright pink of true affection for my new adoptive Grandma-figure.
Rosa nods. “I am very glad that you are pleased…on both accounts.” Rosa gently wiggles the bracelets back off her wrist and then stores them into the formed molded holes inside the pine box, dropping the lid, and lifts to her chest. I stand at attention for being good passing my new test. She frowns. “I realize the past week has been very distressing for you, my dear. I needed to prove your worth to me. I have decided to retire from my duties as the first lady of Bonita. This is my short and sweet transition step. I am declaring you as the new first lady of Bonita with the responsibilities, duties, obligations, and powers of the named position.” Rosa smiles and nods her skull while looking a little different from yesterday. I Tele-prod very briefly both her physical and metaphysical frames within my T-powers of Telemetabolics.
Then, I snap my neurons back into reality. I smile and nod my curls. “I…accept your title and the privileges granted. I am deeply honored and only hope I can reign as successfully as you did, Lady Rosa.” I narrate like a childhood fantasy storybook editor then respectfully curtsey at my bend ankles to the former first noblette of Bonita. I say. “Thank you.”
Rosa nervously presses her hands along her blue jumpsuit and announces. “The deed is done. You need to dress and fly to Commerce within the hour. You do not want to be late for your first official duty as the newly appointed Noblette Lady Starra.”
“Right…,” singing in flute music and nod my curls then swing my body towards the stairs. I bounce up the steps while smiling and humming in delight.

Commerce. ship. clear black sky. white stars. no clouds. no moon. 64°F. evening. Bot skillfully pilots the zipper from the Bonita’s landing pad to the south docking port inside the Commerce’s castle for his first official flying job. It has progressed fast from a simple Resort hotel housekeeping robot to my personal social secretary of my newly appointment, first noblette lady of Bonita. All its free upgrades, updates, and modifications of bot applications have transformed my meek trashcan into a vicious garbage truck, devouring all who dare to attack me.
Bot works as a pilot trying out its flying skill inside my old model zipper while Rosa works as a matchmaker.
She has selected a cherry blood-red-colored gown cut way….too low around my shoulder tips, way….too tight around my waist, and way….too stiff many multiple layers of itchy red net crinolines. I require walking in a set of baby steps from point-A to point-B for a straight line. I can’t breathe, much less eat and, can’t walk, much less fly.
So, Bot does the flying coupled its entertainingly new personality as it follows…sorta, my commands, when not spitting, well, robots don’t really split, only a newly discovered tree toad splits at ya.
Bot just lectures all the boring Bonita etiquette at me, while sometimes I listen, and sometimes, I don’t.

Commerce. castle Lady Starra. garage. full white moon. 65ºF. evening. I land at Rosa’s…correction, there, baby…my castle as the new owner, noblette Lady Starra. I curse. “Stang!” I dash out the zipper, trip over my gown, moving cowgirl boots towards the Living-room. I run passed the Dining-room, through the Kitchen, and out the Garage-door. I enter the air ship sitting inside the closed Garage-door. Bot parks his metal into the driver’s seat, opening the door then flies towards the east side entrance of Rex’s Royal palace.
Bot has mentioned shockingly that the double door knobs of Rex’s castle are both locked and sealed precisely at five in the evening for the big secret noble pow-wow. No person is admitted for any reason as lovingly dictated by King Rex.
Bot hovers the ship inside the parking lot and carefully watches over me. I disappear like a magician into the dark castle, when Rex’s devoted Honor Guard unit saves me from the restricted time limit by opening that heavy ugly purple wooden door. I sigh with promptness.
The Honor Guards come from the Commoner class, who reside on the twin space stations of Militia on each of the Wall, serving as personal bodyguards and private escorts for the nobles. The snappy dressed men and women wear, a white fitted jacket paired with a white pair of pants tied with a single yellow satin sashes at their waist. Tonight, they line like ducks and brightly clash with the purple-painted palace hallway while directing the nobles into the meeting room.
My nice cute male gentlemanly escorts me by lifting his left arm for my right hand position. I automatically shift the matching cherry red leather bag to my other shoulder, containing the pine box of twin bracelets. I forgot leaving it with Bot for safe guarding. No biggy, girlfriends.
I will create a new fashion statement for the younger noblettes, giggling. My Honor Guard eye burns me by raising his eyebrow, left. I sigh with fun.
Then, I elegantly trip on the hem of my dress and attractively stumble into the occupied noble room. I sigh with embarrassment.
Governor Jon of Planet Uni houses the children and schools sits beside General Ira of space station Militia, who trains the Honor Guard units. Ira bangs his left elbow next to Marquis Roy of Planet Resort, where the fun spot locates within the universe. Viscount Lad of Planet Tech builds all the robots. He dwarfs his shortness between tall Count Dov of Planet Ice, where it is cold with lots of furry warm mammals and snow, and tall Priest Ito of Planet Bio, who houses the hospitals for the sick and ill.
Dashing and married… (yeah, it sucks)…Prince Rann of Planet Sahara sits on the same side with Jon, next to an empty chair. The empty chair besides a handsome and a very single Baron Bartholomew of Planet Agri, who impatiently watches the door, looking for me. 
Bartholomew swiftly stands when I accidentally trip in the three-inched sandals, again…(giggles)…right into his wide open biceps. I giggle really silly into his face. He pulls me into his silky shirt, sweet breathing into my smiling face.
The tooting trumpets and rolling drum heads sound along the hallway, proclaiming King Rex of Planet Commerce. He strolls to the round table, tossing back his floor-length cape from his knee-boots, then sits and reviews a data tablet upon the table surface.
Bartholomew slowly releases me, smirking then graciously pulls out that empty chair, grinning. He winks at me, being the nice gentleman in the crowd. I whisper into his left eardrum. “Thank you.” I smile then sit. He sit then touches my right set of knuckles under the table like naughty kids.
“Welcome, good nobles to the Royal Noble Committee meeting. The first item for Jubilation Day is the list of births.” Rex jumps immediately into noble business. I sigh with excitement.
Rex talks, talks, talks….way too much as nobles listen, listen, listen…way too long as they play, play, play…way too many times on their individual data tablets (electronic devices) under the table like a bunch of High School teens.
I scan the hair roots, since faces view their data tables, fuming with conclusion. I can’t change a mind of a citizen so stagnate in mentally, physically, and socially noble ritual, because, ya’ll. Dang! I don’t own a data tablet for electronic communication in the universe.
I kindly wander my eyelashes to my left, daydreaming from a dull boring business agenda for tomorrow’s Jubilation Day with a long Christmas list of unfamiliar first names that I don’t know to the two first names of males, I do see.
Bartholomew is very handsome and fun to stare at, when he’s not looking in my direction between texting his Business-partners on farm advice…(yeah, I spy). He measures at five feet, and ten inches, weighs in at 180-pounds with jet black hair that spikes in patches of gray throughout the healthy strands along with matching bright gray eyes and an aristocratic nose. His square jaw highlights his sharp rosy cheekbones and single…and single, I repeat, purposefully both, mentally and emotional with no wifey…(so sad). In my selfish translation, there is no Baroness to his Baron that can accompany him to all the fancy noble social Royal parties, here. I giggle with happiness.
His handsome face glows with happiness and smiles with mischievous. His body ripples with a set of fine gentle muscles over his tanned flesh, outlined by his thin silk shirt, covering his chest and six-pack abs…(yeah, Tele-view). Obviously, he spends a lot of free time outside, enjoying the pleasant weather, and horseback riding on his native wildlife Planet Agri, instead of attending the family’s administrative duties as a privileged noble. I sigh with marriage.
Rann is listed as an unavailable flirting playboy and is married to Princess Viv as Bot confirms that fairy tale about him, obtaining that status by utilizing that naughty assassination method. Cyber gossip held no written, verbal, electronic proof that he and his wife had arranged the assassination of her Father, the old ruling prince of Planet Sahara with his first born princess in line for the Sahara title from her Father’s royal blood. After her Father’s death, she became the first noblette of the planet then Commoner Rann and Princess Viv married, becoming the Prince and Princess of Sahara.
Rann is very dashing and dangerous with his lightly black dusting of cat-whiskers around a set of pink lips and curly black croppy short hair, hugging his earlobes with his slanted almond-shaped dark brown eyes. He shimmers in a dark tanned skin tone of five feet and nine inches tall, weighs in at 190 pounds with a nice set of ripped biceps, peeping inside and outside between a split down the middle open golden satin jacket vest…(without a shirt, yeah, babe). A little gold vest and a lot of big golden biceps both match his golden trousers, neatly tucked into a pair of black knee boots. Rann carries a high royal attitude, a lavish super ego, a dangerous infectious charm, and lots of ultimate power. I sigh with daydreaming.
Four hours drag by sitting inside the thickly padded chair like a plantation snail going home. Between the tight dress and my stuffed guts of delicious food, I feel sleepy, hiding an ugly yawn with my stupid fan. Then, Rex chimes a dainty silver bell for maid service for some silly reason and adjourns the boring meeting, finally.
Bartholomew stands and sweeps my chair away from the table as I upright and fall directly into his arms, when we giggle like a pair of elementary kids at play recess. We swing as one unit towards the double archway. Bartholomew escorts me to Bot and my awaiting chariot (air ship, okay). I lean against the dirty metal, while Bartholomew smiles and kisses my gloved hand. Then, he opens the hatch which kinda bangs the rear of my skull. I didn’t haul my fanny swifter from the door. I pretend no pain and smile really goofy, sliding into the rear seat like an alien princess.
Bot drives me home while I gaze, grin, and giggle silly at the regal Bartholomew. He regally, no really stands soldierly in the empty parking lot of the palace, watching me away drive into the moonlight. I sigh with wedding.

Day 10. castle Lady Starra. private chambers. 68ºF. morning. I blink open my eyelashes, hearing hard notes of cheery music, consisting of drum rolls, flute toots, and trumpet blares coupled with a series of heavy bold laughter, and frequent high pierced squealing of small children. I leap, kitten-like from my bed in my pj’s, quickly dashing to an open window. Wrong window. I pirouette with a lousy twirl towards the north window, seeing only shiny air ships parked along the vehicle bays of the cobblestone street.
Donning a magenta robe over my warm pink pajamas, I rush downstairs, since my castle is located down a dull, quiet wrong end of the active street. I open the east front door, turning my body towards the north direction and see white suited men, white gowned women, and children in white play clothes at the gleaming white castle of Count Dov from Planet Ice having a grand live action fun time party. The happy and giggling partner couples wildly dance along the empty street, down the vanilla sidewalk, and under the white bricked porch, while laughing children race their black wind bikes or pitch blue balls or jump green ropes for fun and more fun. I sigh with amusement.
Bot floats to my side, droning. “The ceremony begins at ten in the morning, Lady Starra.”
“Ceremony! What ceremony?” I repeat, absorbing the fun times and funny movement of the cute little girls with big white bows planted between their earlobes.
“We need to leave in thirty minutes to arrive at the grand auditorium on time for Jubilation.”
I sing in piccolo music. “Jubilation.” I nosily gasp with remembrance and repeat. “This is Jubilation Day. The ceremony? I don’t want to be late for my first official duty as noblette Lady Starra from Bonita.” I brag proudly and stomp my naked feet up the stairs into my room, slamming open the closet. I slip on the soft candy pink silk gown with a sweetheart collar and cute short sleeves to show off my fit lean biceps for Bartholomew. I experiment and roll numerous pairs of slick shoes around the carpet and find the exact matching baby candy pink-colored sandals for my feet under my candy pink gown.
I happily dash down the stairs into the warmed air ship as Bot floats out the garage into the street. I sigh with cuteness.
I gladly surrender the 5,000 pages of selected tutelage about the boring universe which doesn’t have a name per Rosa. There are too many social activities, and too many important parties that require my undivided attendance as I bush off the reading of my hourly lesson assignments provided on my personal data tablet from Rosa before I am blasted off of Bonita for good.
I have discovered a new source of vast knowledgeable datum when Bot sweetly answers…(okay, it drones)….my kitty-cat curious questions about a particular cultural event, a new social gathering, my secretive Earth plan, and annoyingly corrects my irrational teenage behavior patterns during…(ok, after)…the most inappropriate situation has occurred. Bot drones that Jubilation is only the day that all the commoners are allowed to visit Planet Commerce home of Rex and Rita. I snort like a wild boar that I know a person that owns a whole universe. I sigh with popularity.
The nobles import their planet…planetoid…or planetary….whatever…merchandise and services then displays and advertises the ugly and pretty stuff in the outside wooden booths, lining the cobblestone street, leading in one direction north to the Game Stadium. Each noble is responsible for his or her Commoner’s passage, security, monetary fee, and safety as they travel inside the big silver Cargo ships from Viscount Lad’s Tech World.
Commoners act like store vendors that sell, exhibit, and display their native goods for purchase with the piles of currs they have earned by working on their jobs on their home world. They, in turn, become the customer, who buy, barter, and bargain for the new merchandise. I sigh with economics.
Commerce is a huge shopping center on Jubilation Day for both commoners and nobles starting at six in the morning until, who really gives a fart.
At ten in the morning, Rex presides over the Royal announcements, consisting of births of babies, marriages of couples, deaths of citizens, judgments of prisoners, and legal disputes that a noble couldn’t resolve. At dusk, the Jubilation Ball starts at four in the afternoon and ends whenever the noble declares with fancy lavish dinners and elegant dances, which get more funner as the night hour chimes towards midnight of the new day.
Each noble owns his or her castle on Commerce like I’m the new noblette of the Bonita castle. During Jubilation Day, the gang of Commoners stays, eats, rests, and enjoys the day time with vendor selling and shopping then at night time the social activities of banquet and dance allow them to live like a prince or princess. Commoners can visit a different noble castle, if the proper verbal permission is given by the host noble, while dancing the night away for more fun.
One planet produces one source of many goods in the universe, so each commoner has a fair share acquiring the product with their earned currs working on their native world. On Planet Earth, the simple economics are very similar. For example, an Earth farmer produces a single commodity of food then is traded for Earth money which is given to the Earth worker for their productive Earth job. In turn, the Earthling purchases sets of desirable goods and/or services at the nearest shopping center which locates inside the nearest Biosphere for dinner, dancing, and doing fun social events with their friends and family.
Here, Commoners are treated like a piece of noble property. There, I do not control the lives of Ming, Maritza, and their clan members on Planet Earth. They can leave Starbuck Plantation and work for any other Ecosphere within any the United Earth territory, if they freely chose to persuade that new action. Here, a Commoner is a slave or a little worse a prisoner. Bot has explained that Commoners rarely leave their birthed home world to live on another noble-owned planet, because they are trained for specific tasks on their native planet.
I feel, strongly after my accumulated information. No free opportunity exists for an individual citizen or family unit to move off their home world or travel to another planet, except for vacationing on Planet Resort and visiting the merchandise shops, while attending the single sporting Game event on Planet Commerce.
Bartholomew rules his planet as a democracy, being a true visionary for his family and friends while allowing every family or single individual to own land and sell their goods for currs into their treasure chest. He encourages Rex to offer more freedom, enrichment, and independent for every man, woman, and child, who are trapped on their native world royally owned by their noble.
Rex totally rejects the novice concept giving the controlling and greedy nobles life and death over their commoners. He regards this action as a rebellious scheme against the Crown, who rules solo from the hottest yellow sun of Sahara to the cold gray rock Wall towards the fiery blue and red wormhole.

cobblestone street. I understand Bot’s silly distress warning about the tick-tock time as the usual empty street is filled with strolling people, dancing performers, whisking air ships, slow moving wind bikes, packed vendor booths, beautiful prancing horses, biting stinky camels, and disgusting smelly heated and cool garbage. I silently sit in the rear of the air ship and observe the twirling batons, noisy kiddies, both animal and mechanic malfunctions that block the crowded street while creating a stressful and annoying commotion within my eyeballs, eardrums, and nostrils. I sigh with stinky-ness.
The vendors have set up pretty colorful array of booths for selling and bartering their goods along the sidewalks in front of each noble castle which pads down the street route heading north towards the auditorium and then further north at the gate entrance of the Stadium. Planet Sahara sells mega tons of precious stones, minerals, and raw metals. Planet Ice provides a set of white, gray, and tan animal furs and skins and cold red and white animal meats with silver-whitish seafood and fish food. Planet Uni displays the creative art work, numerous reading materials, listening music tablets, and recordings of dance companies which have been directed, produced, and starring the kids from the ages of four to sixteen.
Planet Bio has pitched a set of black tents with snaking lines of tall and short citizens and very busy physicians, nurses, and biological robots, Bbots. A Bbot diagnoses, prescribes, and treats all kinds of citizens for any and all medical aliment on the spot. If a citizen needs an intense treatment, he or she is flown, immediately, to the planet.
Tech World sells the latest technology of advanced flying robots, home appliances, and star-, sea-, land-type vehicles from a smaller sleeker slicker zipper to a single gigantic ram ship. Currently, the ram ship glitters and hovers over Lad’s castle.
I giggle, reading the sign inside my air ship. You can test fly any ship, if you have the proper permission from your noble.
The Militia tent blares a dull single repeating comlen advertisement for any daring new recruits to join the Royal Honor Guard. Planet Resort displays rows and rows of bright colorful tents decorating in colorful balloons, flying streamers, soaring banners, and blinking neon lights showing off the fun, thrilling and exciting vacation activities and interactive robot entertainment, including the annual Conqueror Tournament.
“Stop!” I princessly shout with a set of healthy lungs from the back bench of the air ship as Bot suddenly halts with a slightly jolt of my command. I leap…(okay, I fall)…but, I do it gracefully out of ship and roughly land upon the hem, hearing the elegant rip of fabric between my right sandal and kneecap. I sneer like a junk yard dog then curse softly. I upright like a noblette and see and smell the lovely banquet of food, drinks, and desserts booth line the sideway of the Agri castle.
Bot drones. “You…are going to be late if you…keep insisting on stopping our transport to tour every castle site.” I winkle my forehead, ugly thinking about all those extra computer upgrades that has created a nasty Bot latituootly attitude. While, I absolutootly plan to review the next bot app before an internal implementation mode into his mainframe. Anyways, I want to surprise Bartholomew in my new dress, desiring his personal escort into the auditorium for my very first…(okay, my second)…visit at Jubilation Day.
I waddle, duck-like to the nearest food table, searching secretively with bright gray eyeballs for Baron upon finding a proper pretty petite female. She smiles sweetly, motioning her arms at the free foodstuffs to me. I answer and smile delightfully. “No, thank you! Is Baron Bartholomew available by chance?”
The female voices in her alto clarinet, and rudely finger points at the auditorium. “Baron Bartholomew isn’t here. He’s attending the ceremony. It begins in two minutes.” I nod my curls then gracefully swirl in one fluid motion towards Bot.
“Thank you very much…,” saying and hauling my dress train towards the ship then accidentally trip on the hemline. I catch my falling body with a Tele-lift and trot faster and pant hardy. I slam my hands upon the metal and T-leap over the closed door, hoping in secret.
Bot drones in the driver’s seat in Rosa’s alto. “I could have told you that datum, Pami. Baron Bartholomew was not there. You do not ask my opinion. You do not ask my answer. You do not ask my response. You are going to be very late for the opening remarks of the ceremony. And it will be my fault.” I sigh with annoyance.
I slap the upright annoying three red crinolines away from my red and sweaty face with both hands then curse in high pitched soprano. “Stang! It’s not your fault, Bot. Please, just fly fast, faster, and the fastest.” Bot is right. I am late.
“Lady Starra, do you know what that word means?” Bot drones, floating the ship into the crowded street.
“Is it important to know?” I meekly react with kitty-cat curiosity.
“You should find out for yourself.” Bot drones. I sigh with irritation.

Auditorium. The nice cute Honor Guard secretively shares the lonely entrance into a gray side door and dumps me out the second tier of the noble compartment inside the auditorium. I expect to see Dirk with sleeves crossed his tunic and taping his slender fingers across the silk for my tardiness.
Lucky day! The Bonita compartment is empty and perfectly rectangular-shaped like a big cozy coffin box, holding a set of four chartreuse (that’s greenish-yellow color) padded chairs near the rail gate, and a single four feet long empty table hugging the rear wall. The other two walls are completely naked and painted chartreuse.
I’s got to add more color to Lady Rosa’s life. My neurons think in my native Southern dialect and giggle with a girly twang. I lean on elbows and sit on kneecaps against the open horizontal windowless ledge, displaying a breath-taking view of the half-moon curved bright orange-painted auditorium. The curves allow a grand view of the deep purple stage with Rex and Rita sitting in the center on their elaborate golden encrusted matching throne chairs. I waddle, duck-like my fanny into a padded chair like a proper gracious lady noblette as Rex starts Jubilation Day. I sigh with pride.
Rex reads, reads, reads…way too long. I sigh with boredom.
I nightmare during the daylight in my hick Southern twang, since no person dares to sit with me inside the coffin box. “I gots dressed up for this. I gots excited for this. No wonder, Rosa gots to me the title and function of a dull lady. She gots stingingly tired of attending these tedium readings of lists. Stang…,” annoying no one, since my friend Bot guards my air shop, but the peeling paint flakes that drop occasional from a dull slightly puke green wall like nose snot from a head cold. The audience cheers. I swing my face and scan with my Tele-view for Bartholomew.
I see a flood of Commoners dressed in their fine linen, silk, and cotton attire of bright and vivid rainbow hues, loud blues, dark reds, and pale yellows and then view the second tier, noble skyboxes. I use Tele-sight into each one of the secret enclosed booths that design and decorate in fancy glittery wallpapers, exotic wooden furnishings, vases of fresh cut flowers, and tons of steamy heated food trays. I frown and backlash my neck to the rear of my plain cold empty back wall, pondering. A new vivid Bonita image of joyful, fun, happy environment while carrying the heavy responsibility of Bonita noblette. I sigh with toil.
Citizens hiss and boo loudly as I quickly flip face, seeing. Rex swiftly stands and shouts seriously. “Bring in the prisoner.” I nosily gasp, eye witnessing a really real live first time criminal, here, on Commerce.
Two Militia Honor Guards, dressed in their white pressed and ironed uniform with a tied yellow sash, escort the un-chained male in front of Rex. The future inmate is six feet in height with a bronze skin tone and red hair drapes his shoulder blades with a matching red beard who dresses in a white robe and sandaled feet. My first impression taps him as priest rather than prisoner. Rex states. “What’s the crime?”
“The charge is rearing a Kongo in captivity.” The right side mouth and lips of a Militia officer voices in a rich tenor saxophone as the citizens softly mutters.
Rex nosily sighs and breathes deeply with sorrow or something emotional. “Kongos are illegal to own as well as to breed. I find you guilty of the charge. I sentence your mortal life to Sahara, where you will dig the mines, until you die of natural causes.” Rex rudely direct points his left index finger as I follow with eyeballs and a skull turn in that direction.
Rann leans his sexy naked chest from his noble skybox, rumbling in his sexy deep baritone trombone as his voice and image project upon my neurons with pleasure. I giggle. And, his presentation appears also on the numerous comlens and comfones around the walls. “I accept the prisoner, King Rex.” He claps his hands together as four units of Honor Guard tall, muscled, and armored with a black maser, wearing a bow-tied red satin sash around their white waist appears beside the prisoner, then escort the prisoner out the building via the front entrance doors. I stare in shock. I sigh with disapproval.
Rex inquires. “Where’s the Kongo?”
The Militia guard addresses. “Sire, it charged us. We had no choice but to destroy the creature.”
Rex waves with authority. “I dismiss you.” They depart towards a side door while Rex still stands. He says. “I, King Rex, along with my co-ruler, my daughter Queen Rita, declare the end of the announcements. Let the Jubilation Ball commence!” Citizens shuffles nosily off chairs and out the archway. 
I quickly slam open the single door and hang my dress in the archway, eye burning him.
A deep sexy baritone trombone introduces, smiling with a set of perfect white teeth, too friendly. “Good afternoon, Lady Starra. You look very beautiful, today.” He has a naked right hand in the air ready for a traditional noble greeting.
I slowly extend my pink gloved hand. “Prince Rann, good afternoon to you…,” without Lord Creep beside your elbow like a pair of love birds. Rann and his biceps dauntingly flex with nice strong muscles, gently holding my gloved hand way….too long. I visually note, Viv is always absent by his side. I quickly shift my body out my skybox, not desiring to be trap by Rann. I sigh with danger.
“Did you enjoy the Jubilation activities this morning? This day contained the most excitement in months.” Rann smiles, still holding my gloved hand.
I jerk it loose and inquire with kitty-cat curiosity. “What duties will the prisoner perform on Sahara?”
“He’ll be slowly introduced into a private housing cell and oriented to the many prison rules and regulations. Then he’ll start mining for minerals tomorrow at six in the morning.” Rann nods.
I ask, “Do you talk to the prisoners?” I’m curious about the treatment of his property…oops…his citizens, since the prisoners are really persons, not property to be washed and ironed and hung out to dry. Handling and treatment of prisoners should be humane and friendly, but I want Rann’s point of view. I scoot my dress out of the archway towards the exit door, also.
Rann says. “I converse with them every day, seeking their opinions about a better management system along with a safe maintenance portal on Sahara. I want them to feel as comfortable as possible like it is a home environment, not a place of imprisonment,” grinning. “I feel that my citizens are happy and appreciate all the hard work. Their sentence is from King Rex, the solo ruler of our universe, who could have ordered a more severe award like hanging by a body part from the gallows. Ya know, death is a driving motivator in life. I believe each one of my citizens is very grateful for their lenient punishment. Citizens and their mining duties aside, I want...,” when a naked hand attacks my naked shoulder.
“Lady Starra…,”
I flip face to him. Bartholomew rushes with a flying dark green cape like a superhero to my rescue for a second time. He stops and parks his body beside me, hugging my body into his silk cloak BA swings a sour puss face at Rann.
“BA, good afternoon!” Rann quickly shifts his naked hand to Bartholomew, greeting like a pair of two old friends at a birthday party with his smiles and chuckles.
“Baron Bartholomew.” I greet, smiling and eye burning Rann as Baron gently lifts and kisses my right gloved hand right in front of Rann, while staring his gray eyes at me.
Bartholomew winks at me, annoying Rann. “Interesting events unfolded today, Rann,” viewing the Prince. “Rex keeps you, busy.”
Rann watches us, nodding. “The King likes the kingdom to run smoothly, no troublemakers,” pausing. “If you both will excuse me, I’m preparing for the delightful feast of the evening.” He bows at his waist with respect then elegantly pivots his face towards a side door on the floor.
Bartholomew faces me, inviting sweetly, smiling with warmth. “Starra, I’d like for you to join me as my guest this afternoon for dinner and dancing...,” he eye burns the secret exit that Rann took, then returns his eyeballs to me, “… if you have no other pre-set arrangements.” I bounce joyously on my tippy toes and think mentally, not today, not this evening, not tomorrow, either for any pre-set arrangements. My heart leaps, T-rex into my mouth, stopping my words, giggling with a girly twang.
I clear my throat with emotion, smiling goofy, accepting. “I’d love to dine and dance with you, this afternoon, BA.”
“Can Pbot drive you to my castle around four in the afternoon?” Bartholomew asks and smiles as I nod my curls and grin so wide that my pink-painted lips might crack open with red blood.
 I still bounce on my tippy toes as the tiny leather stripes cut into my naked toe bones under the puffy pink dress. “Yes! I’ll see you at four in the afternoon at your Agri mansion.” Bartholomew cuddles me into his cloak.
Then, we swing as one towards the proper exit down and waddle like two ducks down the steps out the palace’s sunlight to my ship. He kisses my pink right gloved hand two times then opens the hatchway.
I slip and slide into the polished leather seat. Bot releases the automatic door as I stare and wave my right glove at Bartholomew. He watches the ship disappear around the tight corner.
Bot drones. “I see you found Baron Bartholomew in the right place at the right time in the right…”
“You were right. I was wrong. Are we even? Do you feel better? Anyways, I need your assistance. I’m going to the dance at Agri’s Jubilation Ball, tonight. What should I wear? What should I not wear? Or a better question is, what shall I do?” I ramble nervously as Bot drives me home. I sigh with delight.
Bot drones. “Don’t worry, Lady Starra! I know what to do.” I wrinkle my forehead, funny as an evil grinning face pops upon its belly.

Starra’s castle. private chambers. 65ºF. afternoon. Bot painfully yanks on the twin ribbons in the rear of my silk Ball gown. I growl like a jungle cat and threaten with a neat skull decapitation. “Too tight, Bot!”
Bot drones. “Your dress has to fit properly, Lady Starra. Or it will fall complete off and expose…”
“What?” I smart-hole.
Bot finishes tying the ribbons. “I believe that you have gained weight, Lady Starra. I will place you on a diet starting tomorrow morning.”
“What?” I smart-hole.
Bot jerks the bodice down right above my breasts. “And, more exercise?”
“What?” I smart-hole.
Bot fluffs the puffy train in the air. “Please, hand me the necklace.” I hand off the diamonds then feel the smooth mineral around my neck. “I am finished. You look gorgeous, Lady Starra. Baron Bartholomew will be most pleased.”
“Thanks, Bot.” I violently jerk the bodice side to side that hugs my upper body and cuts off the oxygen flow from my esophagus into my brain. The dress shows off my tiny waistline which is created by tons of silk. The skirt sweeps downwardly into a circle of shimmery silk fabric, trailing a dress train of three feet. No decorations of bows, ribbons or gems upon the flowing plantation skirt. No sleeves, collars or strings around my naked shoulders.
A single heavy object suffocates my throat with a huge necklace of glittery diamonds. My more salt and less pepper colored patterned shoulder-length hair is pulled back into a tight bun at the nape of my neck with a pair of matching diamond earrings that droop and dangle painfully at my earlobes.
But, stang! I am gorgeous with lots of help from the smooth silk gown and tons of diamonds glittering off the bedroom overhead lights, thinking. Bartholomew will be very pleased. I jerk the dress to my kneecaps, smirking. “I’m ready for the ball.” I sigh with nervousness.

castle Baron Bartholomew. Agri. ball room. 61ºF. afternoon. Bot delivers me safely to the Agri front door step precisely at four in the afternoon as a pair of silver robots greet, wearing a dark green bow tie. I giggle with a girly twang. The right Sbot or service bot opens one of the double doors into the beautiful mansion as the left Sbot motions its metal limb for me to follow. I sigh with excitement.
An open Foyer rising to the third tier of the mansion flows, we pad towards the staircase in the center of the room. The smooth wooden planks leads to the second and third pavilion, draping with handsome men, beautiful women and giggling children, who dance elegantly up and down the grand staircase or carrying plates of delicious food.
My appetite tingles with delightful, seeing. The dark green table linens under red flowered center pieces decorate with silver trays of fresh meats, vegetables, fruit, breads, desserts, and beverages along the walls. I stick like glue close to Sbot. 
Then, I violently jerk my white satin to my kneecaps for the first flight of steps towards the second floor, moving snail-like than normal while trying not to stumble over the hem or the train of my sandals or tripping over the beautiful people, who line the stairwell and chat with each other. I pass the second platform steps and pad towards another series of steps going up to the third level. I sigh with anticipation.
At third polished wooden ledge, Sbot turns to the left as I suddenly stop on the wood and pirouette gracefully to the safe railing. I view the aerial bird’s eye picture of the grand Agri castle. Awesome. The walls paint in dark green color while the wooden molding trims in a lighter green with hundreds of hand-painted portraits of male and female nobles sitting, standing and dancing inside the timeless art. The art work occupies every square inch of wall space from the bottom to the top, and side to side even along the grand staircase, displaying a forest of Agri beauty and elegance. I sigh with grace.
My inherited castle paints in dull plain chartreuse (that’s greenish-yellow) four walls that shines of cleanliness, but no character, making a mega ton of work to do as the first lady of Bonita. I sigh with determination.
We march down an empty hallway towards a set of half-moon curved double doors on the right and are greeted by Baron. He wears a big smile along with his green outfit and kneecap-length cape that I encounter a lot. He hugs my body into his cape along with wrapping his arms around my dress then peaks a sweet kiss upon my left cheekbone. “Starra, you look divine. Please, enter this way!” He pulls back and grabs my right gloved hand as we twist and turn towards a room full of new faces.
The small simply tables hold a green linen tablecloth, a vase of red flowers, dinner plates, and animated people. The walkway consists of two parallel vertical rows of fire-flaming white candles which are encased in clear glass leading towards the opposite end of the private Dining-room. Gentlemen in colored coded in dark green tunics, slacks, and matching capes like Bartholomew, who stand soldierly next to their ladies, who glitter in dark green gowns…(yeah, only fabric on Commerce). 
I wave with friendly five finger pads as we stroll hand-in-hand, giggling like kids down the red plush carpet runway. Bartholomew waves his free hand back and forth like a king and sometimes imitates a waist bow for fun at the small children, who appear with a single bouquet of flowers in their tiny hands. Then, Bartholomew shuffles the bouquet to me as I accumulate an overflowing two handfuls of flowers, cutting into my naked forearms.
I feel a little overwhelmed with the unfamiliar noble protocol, since the Book or Bot hasn’t trained me for this particular situation. So, I wing it after passing the sixth row of tables and wave the flowers and smile prettily as Baron chuckles at my impromptu action. I sigh with excitement.
Jubilation means fun and celebration, recalling from my non-studying. At the end of carpet ride, I see two raised platforms containing two smaller private tables with limited seating. One table is prepared for the awaiting guests with a set of empty plates and full water goblets. The other table is occupied.
Bartholomew waves his hand at the female as she stares at me. He introduces, smiling at her. “Lady Starra, may I present my beautiful sister, Baronetess Ivy and her husband, Baronet Zak.” I recall the names from the Book, but ignore it…them…her.
I curtsey with crossed ankles, and don’t fall upon my face. This is required a traditional noblette etiquette to another noble lady which is droned by Bot into my neurons, during my dressing session, like, ten minutes, ago…(fast learner, babe). I eye burn her and remember her glossy picture inside the Book.
Ivy has gained some weight, but is still truly beautiful with the exact height and the same facial features of her brother, except for the weight gain…(yeah, I repeat)…with her long blonde hair tossed over my naked shoulders. Ivy wears a light green dress with a big bad set of awesome ruby red stoned necklace, and matching earrings on her little deformed earlobes. And, a big silk red sash around her thick waist while making it tiny. Zak wears the same fabric of light green like Ivy’s with a set of bright red hair, a pair of blue eyes, and a bronze skin tone from many years of living and working the farming life on Planet Agri.
Baronetess Ivy gracefully stands tall and regal, smiling, extending a right bare hand as I gently slap my glove into it. She greets in husky…(yeah, manly)…alto saxophone. “Welcome, Lady Starra to our castle and an evening of fun and enjoyment. I hope you find your visit, so delightful that you don’t want to leave us for any moment.” I nod my curls at that stupid female nonsense statement then sit inside a pre-offered seat right beside Bartholomew.
My T-powers ping. Everything is fine, darling.
Because, my human-senses are jealous, babe.
Wbots serves a platter of beef, corn, rice, fruit pears, bread rolls, and a tiny sliver of chocolate cake for dessert…(more, babe). I order three more pieces of the delicious dark rich chocolate cake from Wbot, who obeys. Bartholomew chuckles like a silly clown, while broadcasting his baritone timbre like an audio comlen over the first three rows of tables, near our platform table. “I’ve never seen a noble lady eat, so much.” I blush in tones of candy and hot pink colors as he closes into my nostrils. “Would you enjoy another slice of cake, Starra? There are more desserts for everyone,” chuckling.
I drop the fork of cake and wipe my greasy lips on the cloth napkin like a princess. “No thank you! I’m very satisfied. The meal was delicious.” Bartholomew pushes my dirty dishes forward from my place setting, gazing at me. I smile hopefully with no food grim between my molars.
Ivy interrupts us and raps a right gloved fist on the table. She smiles. “The music has begun, BA.”
Bartholomew leans into my face and sweet breathes. “Do you enjoy two-stepping, Starra?” He stands.
“I love dancing.” I smile, grabbing his extended hand.
I float beside him out the archway and rush down the three levels of stairs into an open foyer. The tables of food and dishes are cleared. The green tile highlights with a hue of golden toned sparks and shiny newly sweeping of dirt.
Baron escorts me onto the dance floor as my dress train falls off the last step of the staircase. He twirls me around in a circle with my train soaring in the air waves as I giggle, whirl, laugh, twirl, giggle, and swirl with fun excitement. The guests part like the Red Sea into a half moon around us. We dance with the jazzy music in loose circles, then the music stops.
Bartholomew shuffles me to the side among the guests as I stand, waiting and watching. The girl emerges from the side corner, wearing a short elaborate pink skirt, looking like a ballerina. The dancer performs a graceful tigress leap, then a powerful lioness jump, lands on her pointy toes, beating her right foot against the left foot. She stands like a vertical arrow with her arms and hands pointing to the heavens, when she changes leg positions, beating on the right leg. She deeply curtseys almost kissing her lips upon the tiles, then uprights like a solider, runs, and hides in the opposite side of foyer, exiting forever. Soft hand clapping acknowledges her show.
The man smoothly glides onto floor on his knees, then jumps upright, and kicks both legs in an outstretched position. He touches the tips of his boots with an impressive move as I clap along with the other guests to the staccato music. The dancer displays a series of kitten-like jumps, kicking his legs side to side, then front to back, runs, and hides in the same corner with the ballerina, disappearing as soft clapping follows.
Ivy tenderly touches Baron’s sleeve, saying. “BA, it’s time for us to depart for to the Royal palace.”
Bartholomew eye burns me, whispering mysteriously into my right eardrum. “The real party begins.” I sigh with happiness.

orange auditorium. 55ºF. evening. I cram me and my skirt beside Bartholomew into the four-passenger carrier, while Pbot whisks us to the red building holding the grand auditorium. Inside the foyer, bots and citizens wear elaborate formal gowns in an array of glittering jewels and fur capes. I lightly chat with Count Dov and his wife Countess Bea of Ice; Priest Ito and his wife Priestess Las of Uni, and then more lips and cheekbones that I will never remember and foreign names that I can’t pronounce.
The Auditorium empties of chairs and bleachers, which is then replaced with a talented group of musicians, musical instruments, and dancing couples, introducing a soft smooth classical song of woodwind instruments and piano plays. We skip our shoes into the dance room, elegantly and gracefully upon the dance floor with a steady beat of music. I sigh with enjoyment.
I’m so happy to attend the Royal party, and to have Bot as wonderful friend, preparing me for my duties as Lady of Bonita, including my first Royal function, tonight. I’m adapting to my galaxy and my new escort, pretty well. 
The Master of Ceremonies says via confone on the platform stage. “Random Dandom, nobles and ladies take your positions, please.”
“What’s the Random Dandom?” I inquire with kitty-cat curiosity into Bartholomew’s face.
“In one word, fun,” Bartholomew tights his gloved hand over my gloved hand while posing me in a line beside Ivy. I sigh with surprise.
Ivy leans over into my right eardrum, explaining. “A group dance exhibits a variety of movement to different musical tones and tempos.”
“I don’t understand.” I twist my lips, funny, confusing.
“A very simply dance, just watch BA and me. You’ll catch on very quickly.” Ivy nods then jerks her body back into an empty space as I stand soldierly and grin at Bartholomew.
“Alright,” not really, understanding my role as the music starts with drum roll.
At the beginning of the dance, each dance couple faces each other within the formed two distinct parallel straight lines. One line is ladies. The other line is males as the males bow and the ladies curtsey. I follow Ivy’s lead and curtsey to Bartholomew, smiling and giggling like a silly kid. The musical song commences in a beautiful pitch of high tones of piano, flute, and violin.
The first couple of dancers on my far, far away left which is near the stage starts off the movement from the parallel lines by waltzing down the middle empty space, holding their hands and breathing into their faces. They gallop like thundering mustangs down the parallel lines of boys and girls towards the open dance floor. They swiftly split afar and fall back into their separate positions as the new last citizens in formation.
The second couple clinks to each other’s body parts and dances down the double-chain of guests, whirling and twirling to the loud and snappy music. My turn comes as Bartholomew extends his arm and touches the tip of my gloved hand, jerking me into his silk cloak. We twirl, whirl, and swirl like birds in flight down the parallel of pretty bodies. Ivy is correct this dance method and form is fun. After the last couple sashays to the end of parallel lines, landing their shoes at the end of the line, split like a fire wood, the music tempo changes with a new song.
The line of gentlemen swiftly two-step to my right as I stand like a Greek goddess statue. I parallel my body and my eyeballs right in front of Ivy’s husband Baronet Zak.
Ivy leans into my face, whispers, smiles, and giggles. “This is the random part. The music and partners vary from this point onward.”
 “I get it, now.” I chuckle like a silly clown and eye burn Zak with our smiles. A new drum roll fanfare announces the beginning of the new song.
The males bow their chins down to their waists. The ladies curtsey to the floor spreading their gowns on the dirty tiles, while the first couple taps their soles to a light musical Polka. The paired citizens break formation and form a new line of couples with their opposite partners. I dance with my new partner Zak, circling the ballroom and performing a simple step, close, step, and hop of fun, fun and more fun. I sigh with excitement.
The musical tempo changes for a third time, while the dancers form a new parallel lines. The line of gentlemen shifts to my right as I face a new dance partner. The musical notes shuffle us into a new rhyme for the next set of dance steps while the night plays music for dancing to a foxtrot, a jazzy jitterbug, a tango, and flamenco.
Time passes quickly as I stop dancing, only to grab a glass of water for my dry throat and chat briefly with Bartholomew thanking him for the invitation to Royal party. Then, at last, the music and musicians stop playing their instruments, while the tired guests depart the auditorium to their individual star ships, heading for their home. Jubilation Day is over. I sigh with sadness.

castle Lady Starra. garage. 56ºF. evening. Bot swiftly pilots me towards the castle at end of the cobblestone street as night time passes like a sleeping good dream. I lightly slumber in the rear of ship relaxing my aching toe bones, exhausted from the dancing, jumping, leaping, and having a grand ole time with my new friends. I desire more social events, especially with my gentlemanly escort Bartholomew. I sigh with satisfaction.
Rosa connects, links, and Teles to me. Starra. I need your help. Starra.
“Rosa. Lady Rosa.” I upright my curls and torso with alert, lightly murmuring from my nap.

Bonita. private chambers. dark blue sky. no clouds. no moon. 55ºF. evening. Bot lands the zipper loudly on hard chipping concrete in a new record intergalactic time.
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
I enter, first, following by Bot into the Kitchen, seeing total destruction. The heavy appliances are overturned. Stuffed shelves are emptied, and wallpaper ripped from the wall corners. I order. “Bot, record everything. I don’t know what we’ll find around the corner.” I see that the Living-room is damaged, in the same manner, with the furniture legs heaved upright like dead animals. The books are tossed upon the floor along with pictures of nobles ripped apart in a dark corner. I sigh with concern.
I Tele-jump two steps, at a time, into her private bedroom via my T-tracking. Rosa lays, funeral-like with her body outstretched upon the brown corner sofa in her Sitting-room. She wears an ashen gray mask upon her wrinkled face. Her hands, lips, and cheekbones are dried and cracked with white blisters and red blood. I kneel on my dress, leaning heavy into her face and ask. “What has happened?”
Rosa blinks her eyelashes open, then close, then open, then close as I barely hear. She whispers. “No time to explain, my dear. We must hurry before it is too late.”
“Hurry…,” questioning the adverb.
Rosa eye burns the ceiling then eye burns the darkness and barely breathes as I lean deeper into her face, listening. She whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Starra, I realize that your studies have been rushed, especially, your training with the masers and the bracelets. I have one more lesson to show you. Bonitians are endowed with certain innate powers. They have the ability to transfer Tele talents to others.” She cuts her eyeballs to me.
I drop my jaw with shocking datum. “Talents, such as tap dancing…,” grinning with a goofy smile. I try to lighten the somber mood, but it is not working.
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling .
Rosa gurgles instead of giggles and whispers, “Wit. I will miss your humor, Pami.” I do not giggle.
I lean more heavy into her face. “Miss…as in leaving for a long vacation, Rosa,” trying to be funny to cover my mixed and jumbled emotions coming from my broken heart, and aching head, since my tummy aches with fluttering butterflies.
“I am afraid my vacation is going to be on a more permanent basis. I will leave you something to remember me always, my Tele talents.” She smiles with a faint curl of her dry lips, moving her shaky hand on the left side of her body and present an object. “This is a talisman, given to me by my Father. I want you to keep this close. Do not let it out of your sight. It is time. Touch it, my dear.” She whispers.
I do not obey. I know that Rosa is dying based on my visual, verbal, and metaphysical facts of her mystical and mysterious ailment. Now, I’m truly afraid of what all this means, without her precious guidance as my monitor.
Rosa sings in flute music, “Starra.”
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I open my Tele-shield, grabbing forcefully the gold glittering talisman in her open palms which is crossed over her chest. I mentally see the images of a baby, a child, a teenager, and an adult. Her!
My mind whirls, changing viciously into long horizontal streaks of colored pastel lights and rainbow waves, feeling joy, happiness, strength, knowledge, and power. I mentally hear loud laughter, singing, and music. All of the strange sensations bombard, circle, and penetrate me through a series of mentally, emotionally, physically, spiritually, then suddenly it all vanishes swiftly as it first appears.
I open my eyelashes, feeling like I’m awakening from a new sleep with refreshed, rejuvenated, strong, and powerful energy. I eye burn the hidden talisman clinking within my closed palms. I view Rosa, seeing.
Her physical body has been drained of moist fluids and wet liquids, resulting in a gray tight skin that continues to shrivel over her exposed white skeleton structure.
“Stang…,” singing in bass flute and tumble my torso backwards landing upon my fanny, dropping the talisman inside the skirt of my dirty white gown. I sigh with sadness.
Lady Rosa is dead.
Bot hovers at the bedroom archway on my left out of his eye ports as I body spin on kneecaps towards the archway, ordering. “Let’s get out of here.” Bot waits for me.
I stand from the floor and sleekly shield the gold talisman from Bot’s comlen in the silky folds of my smooth gown.

Starra’s castle. garage. evening. I stir from the short nap, when the zipper jolts to a stop upon the concrete landing bay. I crawl unladylike out the latch, searching for Bot and ache on sandaled feet from dancing with Bartholomew. Then I angrily slam open the garage door, stepping into darkness. I halt for safety.
“Stang…,” whispering.
Bot has cut purposefully or accidentally the power to the overhead lights inside the Kitchen. I move, without light then viciously stumble into bar stool. I know it there, but I’m to mad to remember, think, see or breath. I whisper. “I promise. I’m going to disassembly that floating trashcan.”
I gingerly touch each counter top, every table, every chair, then the wall paint, searching for a dark path to the staircase. I’m too tired to play any more mind games. I whisper. “I promise. Tomorrow, I’ll reprimand that robot.”
The Kitchen is in total darkness along with the Dining-room and the Living-room. The loud thunder rumbles with a crack sound over the roof tiles of my dark evil castle as the bright yellow lighting from the swift thunderstorm illuminates darkness into lightness. I sigh with reason.
The thunder storm must have caused a power outage in the castle. I owe Bot an apology. My mechanic friend has figured out the problem and is trying to solve it, at this very moment. I painfully trip upon the wooden floor, landing on fours (naked palms and silk-covered kneecaps). I softly moan. “Oops.” I grab the object next to my left hand made of smooth slightly heated metal, then drop it, swiftly. I sigh with puzzlement.
I drop my eyeballs and see no lights from the thing, indicating dead. 
The loud thunder cracks for a second time overhead, causing me to look up at the darken staircase, where the undivided clean window is located. The uncovered window emits sun light during the day and star light during the night. At that precise moment, a bolt of yellow lightning illuminates the darkness, displaying a dark figure at the top of the staircase. I sigh with irritation.
I talk silly, sneering like a baby grizzly bear. “I got an uninvited guest and I forgot to clean the house.” Humanoid in both size and shape, my visitor leaps gracefully like a jungle cat off the top of the staircase. I swiftly crouch on my kneecaps, shifting on my satin fabric closer to the sofa leg, calming my tingling nerve endings inside my spine.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentration. Focus. Quiet.
The loud thunder cracks plus yellow bolts of lightning flash while growing intensively in the mean black skies outside the viewing windows.
My fragile nerves and dark thoughts exhaust me, mentally. Do not move. Close your eyes. Use your T-powers. See the figure. I pant then breathe calmly.
I anticipate his movements, sensing them with my Tele powers as the invader nears me. Male. I smell his stinky BO with my Tele-nostrils. He elegantly dances near the sofa then purposefully stalls, wearing a black hood and one piece jumpsuit, searching methodically for me. Then, he approaches my sofa.
Gathering my dress and train into a kitten-ball, I stand upright on two shaking kneecaps, waiting impatiently, and holding my breath from both fear and stench.
The Male walks by the last sofa leg as I swing a piece of strong loose metal upon his leg area. The male falls hard to floor on his kneecaps, then chest, then face, grabbing his injured leg, and pulling it hard as he screams in pain.
I jump, kitten-like upright from behind the sofa, drag my gown behind me, running swiftly to the stairs, when a second male appears. He wears a black hood and jumpsuit, hiding secretively in the dark side of the steps then quickly snatches my tail…of the dress. He violently pulls the dress towards his chest with a set of powerful biceps. 
I gracefully glide my fallen body across a polished floor upon my belly button and quickly flip onto my back, Tele-kicking a right leg up into his jaw and knocking his sorry bee_hind into the opposite wall. He shatters the delicate crystal figurines inside the bookshelf. I sigh with vigor.
I leap, T-rex from my back, spring board forward, and violently twist my body to the right towards the steps.
I bolt up the stairs into my bed chamber as the first male quickly recovers, hearing with my big Tele-ears.
He chases after me while I swiftly limp half-way up the stairs. I stop suddenly then pivot gracefully, kicking the snot out of his face with a flying left sandal plus an arched naked foot. The male wobbles sideways like a punching bag and nicely bleeds inside the cloth hood that cosmetically sticks to nose and mouth, falling backwards down the first three top steps, unconscious. I dash like a loco poco girl to the closest room near the stairs. I sigh with fear.
I nosily slam the door, locking the bolt, huff then puff musically for both oxygen and fear. I swing my curls around the room more much darker, without the lighted electricity, since the storm has passed overhead. I hear soft thunder echo towards the Stadium then hear eerie silence inside my crowded hallway. No footsteps.
Boom!
I jump, T-rex back from the single archway as the second conscious male beats to death the wooden door with a club via my Tele-sight.
Boom! Boom! Boom!
I gather and push the air currents using my Telekinesis, holding with my dear life the fragile wooden door frame intact, creating an invisible T-bubble around the archway. I keep me and the male hopefully separated, forever more. Because, ya’ll, I’m very tired emotionally, physically, and mentally. I have almost used up all my metaphysically and physically energy by doing this defensive magic trick with my T-powers. I enjoyed the joyous dancing all night long with Bartholomew, then the weirdly unhappy transference dance wake of dead Rosa.
Boom! Boom! Boom!
Silence.
The loud noise stops. I sigh with caution.
I strain with Tele-eardrums for any slight movement, hearing a couple of faint voices and more heavy foot falls as the males run away.
I follow them with my Tele-sight. They leap down the stairs then slam the entrance door with a loud boom, exiting my castle. I gallop to the window and peek out the glass into the dark sky for a sign of more movement by a male or an animal. Quiet, dark and peaceful!
I quickly scan with my T-powers of Telepathy the assorted Bonita rooms above and below me. No presence of life forms.
I exhaustively drop into the carpet, releasing my T-shield. If someone barges through that door, it’s over for me. I gently close my eyelashes, while exhaustion and fatigue overtake me, passing out, totally.

Day 11. private chambers. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. afternoon. Boom! Pop! Clap! Bang! Crash! The loud burst of sound along with a set of noisy explosions, and a ray of bright yellow sun light beams from a glass pane onto my face. “What the hey…,” mumbling under my breath. I slowly rise on my elbows from sleeping on my back on the clean carpet in my dress, feeling sore muscles, and a set of bruised limbs. I slowly stand like a beaten solider and pad and peak out the glass window and see.
Four silver shiny ram ships hover, war-like over the Game Stadium bombarding the wide arena with a multiple set of killing red maser waves. I recognized the unique star ship design from Jubilation Day, where it hovered over Lad’s castle. Because I didn’t like studying inside the Book given to me by Rosa. These strange ship designs are used exclusively only in battle time which has not occurred for a long time ago during a short civil wartime between the nobles and commoners…(yeah, I study).
I see mobs of people fleeing for their lives, running, flying, and limping from Stadium. I twist my body and fly like a zipper out the door, down the hallway, and descend the steps, hollering. “Bot. Bot. Bot. Come quickly. We need to help these people.”
I drag my damaged gown, tripping on the large hole in the hemline of my skirt then beautifully recover using Telekinesis, before I burst my pretty face. I stop, examining my attire. Messy. My dress train is ripped, tore, and dragging ten inches farther behind the skirt of gown. I have lost all my diamond jewelry, probably strewed onto the floor. The good news is the tight waistline is gone, forever, since the satin ribbons in rear the gown have been cut, making the dress more breathable and loose fitting.
I yell, rotating my neck muscles around the totally destroyed Living-room. “Bot, Bot…,” eye burning the metal, staring studiously at crushed silver metal below my naked feet.  Bot, my metal friend has been attacked, disassembled, and destroyed. I sigh with grief.
Boom! Clap! Bang! No mourning my faithful mechanical companion, now. Citizens need assistance. I jerk the dress up to my kneecaps and levitate my sandals into my hands.
cobblestone street. I swiftly bolt out the front door, hovering my body three inches from the pavement. I jump into my sandals with a little levitation magic boogying down the street. Some citizens wearing their fancy pastel and rainbow colored outfits, flowing animal fur capes, and expensive jewelry run and scream, violently. Some citizens carry their injured children while running and sobbing, gravely. Some citizens drag their bags of merchandise, running and crying, loudly.
Red and yellow fires coupled with the blue and white explosions decorate the Stadium as many red emergency vehicles race to the graphic scene. Or the vehicles stop and help the many injured citizens along the yellow cobblestone street, many vanilla sidewalks, and in the green grassy parks.
I slowly venture towards the Stadium assisting with the injured citizens as the four ram ships geographically disperse into north, south, east and west direction. During flight, its exposed belly cargo bays drop open another payload of bombs as I painfully hit my body onto the grass and protectively over my skull with my bruised arms.
No explosions.
I feel, not dead, but alive. I chin whip my freckles to the skyline, where the bombs gently float to the grass, concrete, and cobblestone. I outstretch my hand, catching the floating bomb, a single piece of paper. I read the small slip that was tossed from the ram belly. Heed the Sickness or Die.
This is not the Sickness based on Rosa’s medical explanation, shaking my curls along with a shaky hand holding the dang death bomb.
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
Something else is happening, here, which is very bad for me.
Then, I hear with my Telepathy a shout of victory. I sigh with curiosity.

auditorium. I bloodhound track the “shout” within the inners of the auditorium for Jubilation Day activities, while my short term memory floods with the quick happy thoughts. 
Last Jubilation Day, I beat Rita out of her wedding to Lad, answering the riddle and winning. I laugh.
This Jubilation Day, I danced happy musical dances with Bartholomew. I smile.
This is Festival Day, I danced with the grass and rocks. I pick dirt from my lips while strolling towards the auditorium side door. Rex keeps the front doors both locked and guarded from some dang reason.
Then, I Tele-see him. Baron. Bartholomew. BA. He is in danger and located inside the auditorium, shouting for help.
I react with intense raged emotions and stupidly slam my body into a side gray door, since the door is bolted from the inside building. Then, I trot over to the window and peek-a-boo with eyelashes into the clean glass, spotting citizens, moving around the floor. One soldierly stands and another horizontally lies on the floor. Baron is the one laying both wounded and bleeding from a series of minor injuries. I quickly T-scan him then boast for my eardrums, only. “Time for a magnificent feat, Starra!” I pause for beauty. “What would hurt less, breaking down a pair of steel doors or breaking through a single glass window?” I sigh with determination.
I quickly opt for the doors, because if I hit the middle of the slightly opened crease, then my momentum will cause the door panel to bend faster upon impact while causing less damage to my fragile body. I hope and pray while swallowing the thick mouth salvia. I am due to be right for a change.
I back pedal in sandals about 40.0 feet from the twin doors then swiftly run like a deer, leap like a leopard and then perform a single cartwheel. I dive into three forward hand springs then leap, gracefully like a jungle cat in the air at a still door. I fly like an airport holding both soles of my sandaled feet together using all the mighty T-energy that I can summon from the heavens. I quickly burst and bend the steel locks with my awesome T-powers on other the side of the wall.
Both door panels nosily fall inside the flooring as I fly like a pretty bird into a soaring air somersault, tucking my body, and rolling onto my back flat. I cushion the impact to my skull, gliding like an outer space meteorite on the polished tiles. Then I jump, T-rex and upright soldierly facing Bartholomew, who lays about 50.0 feet from me, unconscious.
I quickly encounter an obstacle between Baron and me, Dirk. He sneers like a junk yard dog to my eardrums, while I snarl like a captured alligator, showing my pretty teeth.
“Sssstang!” I sing in piccolo music. I sigh with annoyance.
“Sssstarra,” chuckling. “You should never use that nasty word.” Dirk smirks with a set of crooked lips, right up to his nostril, standing like a prince in his flowing puke greenish-yellow cape paired with a clean and pressed chartreuse tunic, a pair of matching pants, and neatly tucked shiny black knee-boots.
I close our math distance and sneer like a baby grizzly bear for both our eardrums. “Why?” I smart-hole in bass flute, smiling.
 Dirk back steps his boots from my fast advancement. He teases mysteriously. “Better late then never, Lady Starra.”
I see the tiny figure holding the lip of the side door, when the figure speaks in his sexy baritone. Rann views us, shouting. “Dirk, the ship leaves in five minutes,” nodding. “Also, extend my invitation to Lady Starra for a ride.” Then Rann quickly departs out the door. One of Rann’s Honor Guards in a pressed and ironed white uniform with a red sash swiftly lifts Baron from the floor, hauling Bartholomew in a fireman’s carry over his broad shoulders.
I princessly shout. “Stop, Honor Guard!” Then the Honor Guard does not heed my warning or turn with eyeballs to view me, totally ignoring me. I’m Lady Starra, first noblette of Bonita. I sigh with miffness.
Dirk snarls like a junk yard dog, tapping his leathers towards me, slumping his body, limping a direct path. He purposefully blocks my plot to beat that Honor Guard black and blue with both my folded fists while I intercept and rescue Bartholomew. I sigh with apprehension.

I flash past, mentally on Planet Earth during my Tele Training when Dan, the sword man, teased me with his sharp pointy swords, too.
 
I tease, stomping closer. “Ya been itching to fight me for some time, Dirk….,.” gaining him for the offensive attack, circling around him like a cobra snake. While I glance eyeballs and visually track the Honor Guard toting Baron across his shoulders.
“You do scratch me the wrong way, Starra.” He lovingly spits, slowly pulling his straight ­edged golden saber from the leather sheath, grinning evilly. I don’t have the play time of fun with Lord Creep as I cut my eyeballs to the guard touching the door knob. Dirk halts shouting in sissy tenor like a teen. “En guard.” He salutes the sword to his nose then nosily whips back and forth killing oxygen molecules as I eye burn him with no plan.
I exhale. “Dang! No weapon! What to do? Blow him a kiss” viewing the closed exit door as the Honor Guard disappears with Baron. I rotate my neck muscles around the Auditorium for something to throw at Lord Creep, seeing the pretty Display case. I completely missed that object, yesterday. It contains dozens of different geometrical shaped swords, daggers, arrows, and bows.
I greatly desire to pitch the entire collection of beautifully crafted deadly weapons at Dirk’s tallness. I’m tired, bruised, and sore, fearing that my Tele-aim might miss him and hit me, accidentally. Therefore, I settle for levitating one of the lighter swords to my ten finger pads using my T-kinesis. I sigh with toil.
Dirk isn’t a patient teacher like Huntress, my very first self defense instructor and Tele mate from Earth. He leaps, gracefully like a jungle cat in a full blown arch from his toe bones into the air at my pretty head. I duck my body and glide to the opposite side of Dirk, landing on my kneecaps as my dress wads like a bundle of dirty panties entwined in my three-inched high heel sandals. I kick out and can’t maneuver my kneecaps, calves, feet or leg upon the floor.
I quickly twist my skull and face Dirk, holding the weapon and guarding my chest as Dirk smiles with a deadly gaze. I sigh with fear.
Stepping on the extended fabric of my gown and keeping me pinned to the floor as he eye burns me, boasting greatly. “I’m going to make your suffering slow and painful, Starra.”
“Eloquently put, smart-hole.” I spit leaky mouth salvia into the air as Dirk swings with a low sweep, aiming directly at my throat with his saber.
I swiftly lift my sword high towards the Heavens, blocking fast the fatal attack. Then the weapons violently clash as glittery silver and pretty red sparks dance before my eyeballs. Clang! The blades charmingly break into big and small metal pieces, scattering geographically over the floor. I sigh with surprise.
I beautifully hold the jeweled and crafted golden hilt, solo as my blade is missing. Dirk sadly examines the lonely hilt of his saber then eye burns the floor for the absent gold. I rapidly gather my torn dress, and jump, kitten-like while galloping to the exit door for an ungracious but fast escape from Lord Creep.
Dirk recovers his daydreaming, sneering like a junk yard dog, eye burns me and my escape then jumps, T-rex from the floor, deftly landing on my dragging train of my gown. The blind rear of my gown suddenly halts, but I do not. My neck, shoulders, and back muscles violently snap with intense pain as my skull head-butts the hard floor. I painfully lay in silent, closing my eyelashes, hearing the hear foot falls of my #1 enemy.
Using my Telekinesis, I swiftly levitate a second sword from the Display case of weapons mounted on the wall, then I jump, kitten-like and slowly wobble on my high-heeled sandal. I perform a brilliant 360 degree geometric turn, slicing successfully the half bottom of gown at the kneecaps. The fabric spring backwards like a child’s sling shot toy as Dirk’s momentum rapidly falters and lovely trips forward onto the gathered fabric. He lands on his belly button and geometrically spins in couple of completed dizzying lazy circles. I smile then groan out in fear as the remaining weight of my gown tilts me at an angle.
I vertically spin around and around out of control around the dance floor like a ballerina then suddenly halt spinning as dizziness overtakes my mesh brain. I collapse my body painfully to the floor. I sigh with exhaustion.
Red blood attractively covers his nostrils and black burn markings frame the right cheekbone of Dirk’s face, staring intensively with his hate dancing in his pretty emerald-green eyes. He holds a golden tipped hip dagger in one hand, and stands over me. I sigh with defeat.
Do something, Starra? I think mentally as sore muscles do not obey.
I exhale slowly and inhale more heavily. “Slow and painful! Remember, snot-nose….,” getting the last word even if it kills me dead. I do believe this is Dirk’s original plan from the beginning of our first timely introduction on Bonita.
Dirk laughs, not attacking me then smiles, then sneers. He leans into my freckles with fumes of onion bad breathe, whispering like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Time’s up…for me. If I destroy you, Rann will kill me. And, I want to live, another day. There will be another time for us, when someone is not watching over you, Lady Starra of Bonita.” He uprights like a solider and then pivots and exits from my blinking eyelashes.
“Stang, still alive.” I whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings in pure puzzlement, since my enemy did not kill me. And, Rann wants me alive. There are too many questions and no answers. So, I’ll wait for the sequel, giggling with a girly twang. I sigh with life.
I shuffle upright on elbows with a pounding headache along with blurry dizziness and seasick nausea. I T-touch with Telemetabolics my body and zap the dizziness from my head, feeling other tiny aches and bruises. I giggle. “What do you expect, when you break down two steel-plated doors and fight a lord?” I sigh with pain.
I slowly limp my bruised and beaten me outside into a yellow happy sun and a pretty baby blue sky, watching the black and brown smoke bellow vertically from the damaged Game stadium. The red and blue fires have been extinguished by the emergency personnel. The yellow cobblestone street bustles with traveling emergency vehicles, working medical technicians, and screaming men, women, and children searching for their loved ones. I sigh with worry.
I need to tattle to someone about Bartholomew, being kidnapped by Rann. I sigh with decision.

Rex’s castle. south wing. afternoon. Ira and his Honor Guard units quickly move, setting up a central Command Center and first aid assistance booths at the Royal castle for the wounded, injured, and distressed survivors of ram ship maser bombardment upon the Game stadium. The assigned Honor Guard at the sentry gate quizzes me about my name and my destination, then she swiftly escorts me to the medical area, located in the south wing of palace. I crawl on six’s (palms, kneecaps, and toes) onto the temporary medical bed smelling the clean bed sheets. I wait for a medical staff member to assess my clinical condition. I sigh with pain.
I subconscious start healing the black and red burns on the right side of my face and neck from the fire sparklers while clashing with Dirk’s exploding blade. My right shoulder pounds with some weird beat of new pain. Both arms nicely bleed onto clean purple sheets while smelling a couple of fart of from my upset tummy. I slowly flop in a funeral-like pose, closing my eyelashes, hearing soft taps of heels.
“Starra, is that you?” Rita questions in her alto clarinet at my archway inside the busy hallway.
I make a wish for her to disappear along with my pain. I say, pretending to be a sleeping beauty, not beast. I giggle, “Yeah! What’s left of my a…”
“What fell on you?” Rita smiles deceptively, since it’s her play mate, Dirk.
I ignore her stupid question pondering other VIP matters, first. I say. “Where’s your father?” I exhale in pain while up righting on one bruised elbow. I stare at her. “I have an important message to relay to him,” touching gingerly my bleeding arm.
“My father’s very busy in another part of the castle. Tell me, my dear. You need medical treatment, immediately. I’ll inform him of your important data then call a med-tech…for you,” smirking with her unsuccessfully con-job.
I lay back down, closing my eyelashes and groan loudly on queue like a pretend injured patient. I whisper for my eardrums, only, “No way, honey!”
I do not trust you, doll! You like to hang with my new pen pals, Dirk and Rann. I don’t know what you, three are up to, but I will find out, soonest.
She taps closer to me when I hear a tenor voice. “Excuse me, Your Highness! This person needs immediate medical attention,” the Med-Tech invades my room, saving me. I upright on the non-bruised elbow, groaning and moaning the patient-role.
Rita views to the Tech, ordering in an angry snip. “Later, Commoner! We’re in a private discussion,” viewing me, smirking. I look behind her neat hair bun, seeing and hearing.
He clears a tight throat, viewing me, padding to my bed, “Starra, are you hurt?”
I say. “King Rex, I’m so glad to see you. I’m fine but Bartholomew is not. He’s been captured. I need…”
“Captured!?” Rex sings in trumpet music, screwing his eyebrows, ugly and eye burns me, then cuts his eyeballs to Rita. She shrugs her shoulders in clueless acknowledgement.
“He was kidnapped by Rann.” I tattle, not nodding my dizzy headache.
Rex purses his lips, tightly and blinks his eyelids once, twice then thrice. “Prince Rann, be very careful tossing around your actualizations, Lady Starra.”
“I’m in this condition due to a fight with Dirk. He was guarding Bartholomew when Rann ordered him to leave Commerce with Baron.” I finger my torn dress and bloody arm.
“You fought against Lord Dirk and won?” Rita giggles like a turkey.
I laugh, smiling. “I don’t believe that I have won, but I’m not captured like Bartholomew.”
“Why Baron Bartholomew?” Rex views Rita as she shrugs her shoulders for a second time in clueless acknowledgement.
I eye roll, ugly then mouth spit. “We need to arrange a rescue party, immediately, for Bartholomew’s return.”
Rex shakes his baldness, pursing his lips, ugly at me. “This is not the time for this discussion, Lady Starra. There may be spies inside the castle. We have to be very cautious. Prince Rann will not harm Baron Bartholomew. He wants something else. In time, we’ll all find out what that is.” I sigh with disappointment.
I can’t believe I am obeying. I’m changing, because this is a state of emergency for the entire universe, affecting both sides of Wall. Rex is the Ruler of the Universe while deciding what life or death action becomes priority.
I am a noble deciding to save Baron, since no citizen can stop me. I have my resources and secret talents which are nicely hidden away from the natives. I sigh with alien.
I frown, “Is Rann behind the attack on Commerce, too?”
“I don’t know,” pausing. “I need to contact Rosa. Is she located on Bonita?” He nods at me. I sigh with dread.
I forget to tell someone about Rosa’s medical condition, dead. I sing piccolo music. “Rosa…hmm!” I inhale then exhale and confess. “Lady Rosa is dead. She passed away last night on Bonita.” I blink my eyelashes shut with sad feelings and deep sorrow, hearing.
“I see.” Rex views the floor. I open my eyes when he views me.
Rita drops her jaw. “Rosa’s dead,” smirking at me. “This is an interesting surprise, and so suddenly. Were you the only person with her on Bonita?”
I nod my curls. “Yes! She contacted me. I’m so sorry for more bad news, King Rex.” Rex tenderly pats my blooding arm as I close my eyelashes, again, trying not to cry from the pain of my arm, the loss of Rosa, and the fate Bartholomew at the hands of evil Rann, and more evil Dirk.
Rex nods. “It’s alright. Rosa was a long time friend.” He views the wall ahead my skull as more taps of soles enter my room.
“King Rex…,” the Med Tech stands in the door frame.
Rex nods, smiling. “You need medical treatment and rest, Starra. I’m calling a noble meeting, later in the day. Don’t worry! We’ll get BA returned safely to Commerce.” He tenderly pats my blooding arm as Rita watches us while Med Tech paths towards my bed.
“Thank you,” I nod while they turn and exit the room. I view Med Tech, sneering. “Patch me up, quickly. I’m in a hurry,” snorting. “I have an appointment with a certain prince.” The Med Tech wrinkles his forehead, ugly and smoothly applies a white ointment to my burnt face and neck, then bandages the bruised shoulder and both my bleeding arms. I sigh with impatience.
Med Tech painfully punches a sharp hypodermic needle into my arm containing a tranquilizer potion as I pig squeak “Hey!” The needle puncture aches as the potion works, too quickly for me to zap my T-touch of Telemetabolics. I blink my eyelashes open, shut, open, then shutting while gently flopping down my sleepy skull onto the soft pillow.
“The King’s orders, you need your rest, Lady Starra.” The Med Tech smiles while I see his face darken into black.

Day 13. Commerce. medical suite. 76°F. afternoon. The bright yellow sun ray reflects off the glass and shines upon my sweaty face as I blink my eyelashes once, twice then thrice, scanning a purple room. My images flood my mushy neurons of bad memories, the bombing of Game stadium, then flying ram ships, the death of my friend Bot, and my monitor Rosa, and finally the kidnapping of Bartholomew. I’m not counting the duel with Dirk, but I do recall there was a pre-announced noble meeting.
I shoot upright upon elbows as my head aches, singing in soft piano. “Stang!” I sigh with annoyance.
The Med Tech poses at the archway with his smile and his bag of poison…I mean…potions, padding to the bed. He nods.  “Lady Starra, how are you feeling this glorious morn?” I rip the covers off my dirty body then arch my back and fold my kneecaps. The Med Tech visually examines my demeanor and shakes his index finger at me to remain in bed.
I drop my kneecaps into straight pen legs, singing in flute music. “Fine.” I bite stingingly. “I need to leave.”
The Med Tech grabs one of my bandaged arms whacking off the bloody cloth then poking and probing like he’s choosing pieces of ripen fruit for a meal. He says. “You can depart after I check your wounds for infection.” He examines my face and neck, clarifying. “The lesions are gone. Move your shoulder please?” I wave both arms up and down like a bird as he sings in tenor. “Pain?” I shake my curls sideways as he orders. “Show me the inside of your arms?” I present both naked arms for inspection as he observes, and smile. “The cuts are healed.” He back steps when I leap like a normal teen from the low bed then push my body towards the door.
“Yeah! I feel great. Can I go now?” I growl in a low animal sound almost at the archway.
He spins to my fanny, saying. “You’re an exceptional healer, Lady Starra. Two days of rest replenishes the body, very fast, wouldn’t you agree?” I halt then lovingly swirl in my torn Ball-gown, dropping my jaw. The Med Tech smiles with happiness, nodding.
I repeat. “Two days of rest. I’ve been asleep for two whole days. That’s forty-eight hours straight…”
The Med Tech nods. “Does your head ache? Are you dizzy from marching? You don’t add the hours correctly, Lady Starra. A Commerce day holds twenty hours. You have been asleep for forty hours. That’s the correct answer.”
I eye roll, ugly then stomp my naked foot holding my sandals in angry. “Why didn’t you wake me, thirty-nine hours and thirty minutes, ago?”
He nods, smirking. “It was technically a full day and a half which would be thirty hours. You were banged up pretty bad, milady. You needed rest. These were direct orders from King Rex. I, also, recommend no exercise for your sore muscles for four days,” nodding.
I slam the door frame with my healed hand, nodding. “Thanks for taking care of me.” This situation isn’t his fault, sleeping like princess beauty for almost two days, being stabbed with a needle containing a tranquilizer. I know who’s behind that order and it isn’t Rex. The Med Tech is lucky that I’m in a very forgiving mood, today. Anyways, I have an appointment to keep with some really bad guys on the other side of the Wall.
He nods. “You’re very welcome, Lady Starra. It was a pleasure caring for you. You’re a very fine lady. By the way, King Rex gave me a personal message for you. The noble meeting is scheduled for three in the afternoon, today. So you’re discharged from my care.”

Starra’s castle. Living-room. My castle stands intact from the bad maser raiding, not the living-room. The space is a mess with overturned furniture, mashed glass, broken metal parts, and blood stains (not, mine) on the floor from my mysterious attackers, three days, ago. I don’t own any valuables. My mental light bulb brightens realizing a familiar pattern of destruction at Rosa’s mansion on Bonita.
I swiftly gallop through the Dining-room into the Kitchen and then slam open the Garage-door. I race towards the air ship then throw me over the open convertible into the back seat. I savagely search and scratch with ten ratty fingernails under the ship’s carpet. There. My cherry red leather bag contains two bracelets with one side of the mystery solved, not the person annoying the new universe. However, I have a very good clue to that question, but I need hard evidence proof. I sigh with determination.
I backward leap (not, easy) then swing towards the archway. I run through the house then up the stairs preparing for the upcoming noble meeting at three.
I stop then stare at the hallway mirror, gasping in shock. The mirror isn’t busted, but my nose is.
“Stang!” I view my person. My gray curly shoulder-length hair is matted with red blood, brown mud, and stinky sweat. My pretty face shows red blood, white ointment, and pink healing lesions in a few spots, emitting harmful fiery sparks from my blade incident with Dirk.
I giggle winning that match.
My nose is broken with the tip tilting sideway. My gown slices above my kneecaps in dull gray, not elegant white decorating with red blood stains, green grass imprints, and white lent dust bunnies from the floor, playing the child’s Dodge Ball with Lord Creep. I sigh with endeavor.
“The old girl can be fixed,” giggling at my southern vocabulary.
I exhale then inhale then gently touch my swollen nostrils. Then, I hold my breath while gently easing the broken cartridge back in place using my T-power of Telemetabolics.
I release my nose, seeing. My original aristocratic nose is fixed back in place, gurgling, instead of giggling.
“The old girl needs a healing nap, a hot bath, and an old sword to kill Dirk, all in that order,” swinging, gurgling while stomping into my private bedroom for the first task.

Two hours, later. I shower in hot water, then pee in the toilet, and finally change clothes into a fresh black turtleneck, covering some of my healing pink scabs on my throat. I complete my old outfit with a black skirt, no tights over my tanned legs, and my new twelve-inched height black snake-skinned cowgirl boots, looking cute. I view the open closet, scanning my new wardrobe, admiring the beautiful gowns from Rosa. There will be no more dances with gentlemanly Bartholomew, anymore. War has come to the universe. I sigh with depression.

Rex’s castle. noble meeting. three in afternoon. I perch, bird-like upon the edge of my padded chair, watching noble or new designated noble representative pick at their food plate. Morale is low. Emotions are heavy inside the room, tickling and teasing my T-powers.
I pull them close into my heart then cross the heart valves, shutting out dreadism, defeatism, and Dirkism.
The alive and breathing nobles present include Ira, Zak for absent Bartholomew, Rex, Rita, Lad, and Tok from Resort permanently replacing his dead father Marquis Roy. One of millions killed in the Festival Day ram ship bombing at the Stadium. I listen to the gossip go round the table while sleeping in a medical bed for two days, missing a lot of action, information, and fighting.
Rex nods, saying. “Tok, thank you for representing your Father. He will be greatly missed. Marquis Roy and Dee, Tok’s parents were two of millions killed in the Festival Day ram ship bombing at the Stadium. The same four mysterious ram ships have completely devastated Planet Uni, the universal school. All the students, including children from the age of four to the teenagers at sixteen years old have been killed with a second murderous maser raid. Every adult, teacher, and child, who had lived, played, and studied on Uni was dead. Planet Bio is the medical facility, emergency center, and central hospital for the universe and has been the third attacked target by the four ram ships, which has totally destroyed the world. No life form can survive a fiery red maser bombardment from four deadly ram ships. Lad?”
Lad views his hands then the faces. “Tech World wasn’t immune either from the maser blasting, simply because I had never planned on a space attack from a surprise visitor to my home world. Therefore, no Tech staff member could locate the life-saving planetary shield button. It was designed to protect the entire planet, including bots, factories, and citizens when the mainframe instrumentation panel blinked in red words, emergency. Currently, two-thirds of the bots, machines, factories, warehouses, building, houses, and citizens are gone with the multiple maser blasts.”
Rex nods to Lad then exhales. “Ladies and nobles, I regret calling this meeting, today. But, we need to form a battle strategy, before our next attack…”
“There’s another attack, coming. When? By whom? Where at? What planet?” Lad mice-squeaks in his nervous tenor trumpet.
Ira clears his throat, shaking his baldness and fat cheekbones. “We don’t know the answers to those questions, yet. But, at the moment, we have enemies,” drinking his beverage.
Rex jabs his finger on the table, “Ira has compiled a list of building sites for evacuation centers, medical hospitals, food shelters, and temporary schools which will be located only on Commerce and Agri. Tech World is off limits for every citizen of the universe, but the security bots for the meantime. Since, the noble or noblette representatives of Sahara and Ice aren’t present, today then we’ll treat them as suspects in the mysterious bombing from the ancient military style ram ship….”
“Hold on, Rex!” Tok raises his palm, shaking his skull. “What gives you the right to accuse Rann of any misdeed?” Rex cuts his eyelids to me when I eye burn the wall corner looking for the creepy cockroach.
Rex says. “I have additional information that I cannot share at the moment about Rann.” He jerks his skull and studies Tok. I sigh with shock.
I supplied the rat-tattled information about the captured Baron, the fight with Dirk making Rex nervous and me, more nervous.
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
The Militia Honor Guard nosily busts into room, panting. “Sire, please, excuse my interruption. There’s an urgent space comfone message addressed to you from Rann.” Eyeballs turn towards the black comlen on the east wall while nobles mumble softly.
Rex orders. “Transmit it immediately to the comlen in this meeting room.” The guard dashes out the door, stomping loudly boot soles down the empty hallway then the comlen blinks to life, showing.
A dashing happy smiling Rann sits inside the golden leather chair. He greets in his sexy baritone trombone, nodding. “Good afternoon, nobles and noblettes. I have excellent news for you. Baron Bartholomew is with me. He’s in good health and safe from the bombing raid attack on Commerce,” pausing while he studies each face. “Since, the attacks were targeted at Commerce, Uni, and Bio. I, along with my fellow nobles from Ice, Resort, and Militia have decided to set up a non-fly zone policy, immediately. No one is allowed to fly through the Wall and emerge on the other side of this galaxy, without this action, being deemed a declaration state of War to the occupying space craft or occupying planet, it represents. Please, follow my new policy, without question. And, then, there will be no misunderstandings.” Nobles grunt like a litter of wild wolf puppies as I watch Rann with intrigue. Rann smiles, nodding. “The second item on my agenda is my guest, Baron Bartholomew. He has requested to return home to Agri. You can understand my concerns about the Intergalactic space travel and saving our natural resources. I’ll allow one diplomatic star ship carrying no more than four passengers to shuttle through the Wall and visit Sahara, tomorrow, ten in the morning. I look forward to your visit and hope you have a safe and comfortable flight. Rann out!” Static rows of silver and white invade the screen. I sigh with concern.
“Rann’s the bomber.” Rita declares with shock as Tok swiftly stands. His chair hits the painted wall while eyeballs turn to him.
Tok bows at his waist with respect, saying. “Please excuse me, Rex. I’m leaving immediately, based on Rann’s new no fly zone policy to return to Resort. I’m sorry, nobles and noblettes. My family needs me. If you require anything, Rex, please, contact me by Intergalactic space comfone.” Tok twists his large body and exits. The nobles mutter softly.
“Stang! Rann’s not the enemy. It’s not a person. It’s the Sickness. It has returned to kill us.” Lad shakes one of the thousands of dropped pamphlets from the ram ship’s belly.
“The Sickness! People are infected with the Sickness. They’re killing us. They’re crazy.” Zak announces wildly.
Rex shouts over the whining nobles, trying to calm their fears and frights. “Everyone calm down. I’ll deal with only one crisis at a time. First, there is no proof the Sickness has re-emerged. Second, I need volunteers to retrieve Bartholomew from Sahara. Third, I want everyone to remain calm and concentrate on the restoration of the universe, before the maser bombing left us scared and frightened. We have lots of resources. Who wants to…”
“Not me,” Lad shakes the paper.
“No working limb,” Zak fingers his arm.
“No fly zone,” Ira says.
“No time,” Rita shakes her curls.
Rex hollers, fingering the nobles. “General Ira, Baronet Zak, and Lady Starra, you will accompany my daughter and represent the diplomatic party tomorrow on Sahara. Dismiss!” Rex swiftly stands, swinging his body towards the door, exiting along with Ira and Rita. Lad and Zak stand, together, while muttering nasty comments about Rex. I stand and study the black comlen with fear, fright, and flight.
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.

Day 14. the Wall. black outer space. minus 1000°F. morning. “Carrier ship, identify yourself before I blast ya back through the wormhole!” An invisible pilot warns via comfone in her alto saxophone on the other side of Wall.
Rita purrs in her alto clarinet via comfone. “This is King Rex’s official diplomatic party from Commerce. We’re requesting permission to enter the Wall and emerge safely on the other side, without incident to collect our citizen, Baron Bartholomew.” I sit in the rear bench of the third row cabin inside a modified carrier ship. Pbot flies along beside co-pilot, Zak.
“Permission is granted for the diplomatic party to enter the Wall. You’ll be closely monitored to Sahara. Please, keep your light speed steady and your distance short,” the invisible pilot voices via comlen inside one of four zippers which are armed with a three maser cannons in a strategic position while posing at our diplomatic carrier.
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.

Sahara. Rann’s castle. throne room. 127°F. morning. I tail last in the duck line behind Rita with Ira leading Zak in the middle. I admire a different part of the magnificent mansion. Tons of glittery gold nuggets and sparkling diamond points shape the flat floors, tall ceilings, high walls, and thousands of shiny smooth pretty bleachers. The Honor Guard unit of six surround us, wearing an arsenal of small, medium, and large golden daggers plus one maser. The deadly weapons dangle on a golden vest over a naked muscular chest with matching golden pants, tied with a red satin sash. My Honor Guard on the left was one of the four armed men from Jubilation Day who escorted the long-haired prisoner from Commerce to Sahara for breaking a law and illegally raising an animal.
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
Rann has amassed an army of real golden warriors using the current inmates to defend his home planet along with the remaining planets on this side of Wall. I wonder, if someone has suggested to Rann, it is a very bad idea to use convicted felons as soldiers, since they have already done something very bad to begin landing inside a prison cell. I sigh with fear.
My Diplomatic-party marches in a steady pace along the guarded Foyer, then the guarded Dining-room and then stops to a halt at a squared-shaped archway. I Tele-view the interior design of the massive built-in auditorium space…(want one inside my castle)…holding a mini-throne theater. Rann sit, regally upon a golden throne, without Princess Viv. I sigh with curiosity.
The gold nugget walls decorate with lots of dead animal parts composed of heads, horns, front legs, and whole bodies of fish which are collected trophies from Rann’s numerous expeditions from Ice, Resort, and Agri. He’s a fine marksman and excellent shooter with spears, swords, crossbows, and the illegal maser weapons per Rosa’s gossiping lips during our shared dinner meals.
Rann appears kinda uncomfortable propped upon the mineral chair in solid gold which is embossed with pawed-shaped legs and a dead lion’s mane plus skull hanging right above his black curly hair, minus a diamond crown.
Okay! Let’s make everyone uneasy and unhappy, since the War is causing enough tension. We don’t need it, here, too. This is a simple diplomatic visit to extract Bartholomew and leave in peace. I hope and pray. I sigh with worry.
Rita gracefully curtsies in her floor-length purple pretty picnic dress to Rann, smiling then mewing. Then she smiles and mew some more in alto clarinet. “Gracious Prince Rann, we have traveled from Commerce, the home of King Rex for a visit and mutual exchange of both friendship and goodwill. I, Queen Rita, respectfully request the release of our citizen Baron Bartholomew from your humble custody. Please, review my earnest plead and acknowledge my appeal. I honor your wonderful sense of humanity and compassion for the citizens of King Rex on our side of the Wall in our solar sun system in our universe.” Well done. I’m respectfully stunned within my neurons that Rita can talk so eloquently and suave at the same time. Rita gestures her glove of five finger pads to Ira. Ira shows off, too, snapping his two finger pads as the forty finger pads gently drop three bright purple boxes at Rann’s booted foot.
 Then, twenty finger pads opens the first box holding large pieces of fresh meats both dark and light colors of beef, chicken, goose, and lamb. The second box contains an assorted of colored full to the rim fruits and vegetables while the last box displays jillions of granules of flour, salt, spices, and sugar.
I smell the sweet, tart, and bitter flavors floating and attacking my sinuses with love, then Rann sneezes loudly. He quickly covers his mouth. I giggle.
Rann slowly stands like a true prince of the universe and smiles toothy, nodding. “I am very pleased with your presentation and gifts from King Rex and Commerce, Queen Rita. I will honor your plead based on my good nature and sense of loyalty to my Sahara family. But, first, you must prove yourself worthy of receiving the good Baron Bartholomew.”
I stomp my boot, pondering.  Rann has lost his mental mind or is playing a dangerous game which involves Baron or worse me. I am not amused, folding my sleeves over breasts, eye burning Rann.
“Worthy great Prince Rann, please elaborate to us.” Rita curtsies for a second time.
Rann purses his lips, tightly and tilts his skull at an angle, smirking. “I’ve prepared a small test of worth that you must pass before I grant BA and your diplomatic party a safe passage back to my Wall in my solar sun system in my universe. I hope this does not displease you, Rita. It’s only a small gesture of trust between our two great galaxies.” He grins with a toothy smile as the prisoners sound like cooing birds.
“If I might confer with my diplomatic members for a moment, Rann.” Rita asks. Rann nods then she gracefully pirouettes towards our party. We huddle for the next offensive play. Rita sneers, softly. “We have no choice. One of us must accept and pass this small test of trust from Rann. Does everyone concur?”
“Yes.” Ira sings bass tuba.
“I concur, but I don’t like it.” Zak nods.
“Starra, what’s your opinion?” Rita views me.
“Accept it!” I view Rann.
Rita glides backwards in her sandals and dress then face Rann, smiling and nodding. “We accept your test, Rann.”
“Very good.” Rann claps. Out of the wall corner, you hear violent erupts of loud noises then smell a strong odor.
It appears, being escorted by a red-haired bearded man from the last Jubilation Day event. He wears the same outfit, a floor-length white robe, sandaled feet, dragging a long leash of a big overgrown orange animal that snort green snot from nostrils and grunts yellow spit from black lips.
I nosily gag and rudely finger point at the thing then fear the query. “What…is…that?”
Ira answers with a tint of angry. “The animal is a Kongo. It’s the illegal animal that was supposed to have been destroyed by my Honor Guard.” Zak curses and Rita gasps.
I study it then tease Ira, snorting. “I guess your Honor Guards missed it.”
Rann watches the Kongo limp across the room towards the middle part of the auditorium with a smiling face. He says. “My test of trust involves one of your citizens killing the Kongo which is worthy of your goodwill, here.” The prisoners cheer, clap, and whistle wildly as the Kongo growls with more fear. I sigh with anger.
“I don’t like this.” I growl like a wounded animal, eye burning Kongo.
Rita back steps from her pose, even with me then swings a sour puss face, saying. “I don’t like this, either, but we have no other alternative. One of us has to pass this test and kill the animal. Who’s going to do it?” I scan my fellow diplomatic members for the best physical specimen to defeat the tall strong Kongo.
Ira has received the highest degree of military training among the soft group He is out of shape, being both too fat and too slow for a dangerous Kongo. I eliminate him.
Zak displays a painfully broken right arm from not escaping the ram ship maser bombing. I eliminate him.
Rita is in good physical shape. I admit that she isn’t trained to dodge, leap, and jump over the shortest row of pretty purple picnic flowers in the royal garden. I eliminate her. I sigh with disappointment.
I view the floor then stomp my boot, “Stang!” I whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings. The prisoners coo like birdies, getting my attention. I swing my curls in that general direction, seeing.
Bartholomew stumbles from the other wall corner in our direction and then falls half-way to his knees as Zak swiftly gallops and catches Baron, before a face collision.
They limp toward us. Baron shows a red cut over his right eye and a few arm bruises in-between his torn and loose shirt sleeves. I gently touch his naked arm, scanning fully his overall medical condition using T-touch of Telemetabolics. Baron is in pretty good health a little exhausted and dehydrated from the lack of water and food, but alive and well. I sigh with rage.
I swing my face and eye burn Rann while he stands, grins, and admires us. I don’t know what mental sick game Rann’s plays, but, I’ve just become a part of it. Rann is going to be very sorry that he has invited me to participate. I note too that no one has commented about Baron’s medical condition or the pending challenge of the Kongo. I believe they’re stunned into shock and silence. I sigh with hope.
I step away from the diplomatic group, shouting in a nasty flute timber. “I accept Rann’s challenge.”
Bartholomew forcefully grabs my arm, whispering into my face. “No, Starra! Too dangerous for you! The animal’s too big for you or any of us to defeat.” He releases my arm then holds his rib cage. “Rann wants something. We need to negotiate with him for a few more minutes and give it up.”
“What does he want, Bartholomew?” Ira asks, then eye burns Rann, wrinkling his forehead, ugly.
“I know.” Rita answers, bumping into my left shoulder pad inside the private huddle. “He wants me. He wants me to stay on Sahara and be his wife, voluntarily.”
Bartholomew quizzes, eye burning her. “How do you know this, Rita?” He pauses for pain then comments. “Rann has never hinted about you becoming his wife. He’s already married to Viv.”
Rita tattles. “Viv’s dead. She died in the raids on Commerce.”
“I see.” Bartholomew ponders his thoughts before advising. “Then, proceed with your assumption, but be prepared for a surprise.”
Ira pleads with mercy, grabbing her forearm. “Queen Rita, you cannot do this. Your Father will be very upset and hurt, if we return to Commerce, without you.”
Rita stands tall and uprights her skull towards the sky, suffering for the cause. “I have made up my mind. I’ll sacrifice myself for all of you, my Father, and the kingdom.” She moves from the huddle, waddling in her long gown to Rann, smiling.
Her practiced “Save the Universe” speech is breaking my bleeding heart. This is a set up, not for Rita. I intrigue that Rann has kidnapped Baron to lure Rita here. No way! Rita, Rann, and Dirk are planning something gigantic and terrible, together, that’s going to affect the entire universe. And, I’m going to find it. I sigh with spy-ness.
Rita begins with another ankle bend to the floor, smiling and nodding. “Gracious, Prince Rann, I have discussed many options with my diplomatic comrades. We have elected a proposal for you. I, Rita, offer my hand in marriage to you, Prince Rann in exchange for Baron Bartholomew’s life.” She uprights her body and smiles brightly.
Rann swiftly stands from the throne chair and holds his left hand outward for Rita to accept as she practically trots like an old mule to water hole. He smiles. “I accept the beautiful and elegant Rita as my wife in exchange for the life of BA. You, my dear can stand beside me, now.” The prisoners cheer and clap, not me. Rita waves her left hand and smiles as Rann kisses her right gloved hand. I sigh with revulsion.
I whisper into Zak’s right eardrum. “She seems tore up about leaving her Father for the rest of her life.”
“The tears are flooding the floor.” Zak whispers back as I snort like a wild boar.
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
Rann wants something else and it isn’t the beautiful Queen Rita. She has plotted this part of the game herself. So, hold on, ya’ll. Rann is about to checkmate.
He motions Rita into the empty throne chair beside him while standing. Rita sits, smiling, waving, and giggling. Rann smiles at Rita then views to the diplomatic party, and commands. “I like this proposal, but we have the matter of the test for trust.”
Ira pleads, again, shaking his baldness and fat cheekbones. “Queen Rita has offered herself as your wife. Is this not a good measure of trust between you and King Rex? What more do you require of us? We’re a simple band of nobles visiting your palace. Please, accept all of our gifts and let us be on our way with our intact diplomatic party.”
Rann says. “I didn’t ask for gifts, wives or pleads, Ira. I asked for a test. Who’s going to kill the Kongo for me? I can supply a weapon or any other instrument of destruction that you might need. You must perform this simple test to gain your freedom from my Sahara and the safe trip back to my Wall.” He poses regally still holding Rita’s gloved hand in the air. This is a silly play game to Rann while Bartholomew needs immediate serious medical treatment. And, I’ve had enough of this amusement park fun as my irrational emotions overcome my logical behavior. I sigh with fight.
I stomp three paces from the huddle, screaming to Rann. “I accept your test.”
Bartholomew limps to me in a weak state and gently touches my forearm, ordering into my face. “Starra, you can’t. You’ll be destroyed by the Kongo. They’re fierce and strong animals. The beast will rip you apart piece by piece.” He removes his hand and then grabs his injured ribs. I steady Baron with both my arms. Bartholomew meekly words into my face. “I’ll not allow you to fight the beast.” He pauses for pain, holding his ribs then whispers. “I’ll kill the Kongo. Ask Rann for a maser? I’ll do the dirty deed.”
I swiftly jerk from my bug hug with Bartholomew to my right as the huddle of diplomatic run to us. Zak cuddles Bartholomew into his chest. Ira stands between me and Zak. I swing my face around and lecture with a ting of angry. “I…will not allow this beast to be killed, just for Rann’s entertainment. She’s a living and breathing animal. She deserves better. The beast deserves a chance of life and freedom. I’m going to tame it.” Their lips part like breathing ocean fish in silent, without any word, then Ira stomps a pace into my face.
Ira chuckles with meanness. “Tame it, my dear! You mean kill it. No one can tame a Kongo.”
I grin, nodding. “I will be the first, watch and learn, General.” I gracefully pirouette from the huddle and elegantly stroll to Rann’s chair. I halt then repeat using a touch of Tele-kick for all eardrums. “I accept the test, Prince Rann.” I ignore Rita, since she doesn’t deserve my attention or my respect.
Rann smiles and stares at me, releasing Rita’s hand. He slightly bows his skull. “Lady Starra, I’m not surprised that you volunteered to fight the beast. You seem to carry good luck with you at all times. I wish you victory.” He slaps his hands to begin the battle. I sigh with eagerness.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I totally suck all the Tele energy that I can find surrounding my body while reinforcing my Tele-shield to the max.
My T-powers ring with an annoying deadly ping. The Kongo will attack me with all her strength, first. My strategy is to weaken the beast, then communicate with it into making peace with me. I sigh with grit.
The eight-foot orange Kongo swiftly attacks at me as I leap, T-rex to the right side of it and elegantly dance, without a partner on the floor. Kongo follows after me like a cute, playful Woof puppy, thinking we’re playing a child’s game of Tag, You Are It. 
I beautifully pivot towards the wall and climb sideways with both cowgirl boots then flip backwards in a somersault, soaring. I jump, T-rex over its head, and deftly land on bent kneecaps. Kongo misses and kisses the auditorium wall traveling two miles-per-hour. Bang! Kongo slowly sinks to her hairy fanny upon the polished tile, holding her ugly head in pain. I sigh with sorrow-ness.
“Stang!” I whisper, observing the fallen Kongo, knowing that maneuver hurt the animal. 
The floor violently shakes with her heavy weight while she rocks her frustration and pain back and forth like a boat in water. My plan is to weaken her, and then communicate with her into making peace with me.
I kneecap in silence on the floor, eagerly watching Kongo for the next action play.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I pant in heavy breathes expending scare-to-death energy. My pattern of the first physical activity has exhausted me, before draining her unlimited strength.
Kongo sits on her rear, clearing the dizzy pain from her ugly head for three full minutes…(yeah, I count by the MISSISSIPPI method). Then Kongo slowly rises, shaking her shaggy orange mane and views her furry skull at me. She charges in a full fury of invisible steam, snoring…well…like a wild animal and growling…well….like an angry wild animal.
I crouch for protection, whispering to my eardrums, only. “Here we go, again.”
Using my T-probe with Telepathy, I gently tap her simple animal mind as Kongo aims for my kneecaps. I bend at those same knees and prettily back flip into the air three times heading towards the west wall…(see my plan, ya’ll)…creating a bigger gap between her speeding out of control motion  in opposite direction of her massive tall body frame.
Kongo runs faster with her strong furry limbs trying to catch me then dives at my legs. They aren’t there.
I do a spread-eagle formation in mid-air holding with my Telekinesis then swing my body into a perfect cart wheel to the left side while avoiding her muscular long arms. Kongo skims the slick floor traveling three miles-per-hour, hitting painfully the entire set of golden bleachers, filled with shouting prisoners with her fuzzy shaggy forehead, fugly ugly. Bang! She’s out, again. I kneecap in silent, sucking all the oxygen from the room into my aching lungs.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
My brilliant plan works, but wears me out, as well. I need a quick-draw communicate blub with Kongo soonest. Or I’ll be the mammal lying on floor, unconscious and at the mercy of one anger Kongo. Six minutes later, Kongo slowly raises, whimpering in soft animal grunts, then eye burns the prisoners, then eyeballs the tall ceiling, and then views her furry skull at me. She’s very subdued and timidly eyeing me across the floor.
“Stang!” I whisper. My plan’s working. She’s going to give up. I stand and focus my silver eyeballs on her cute pink eyeballs.
I connect, link, and Tele to Kongo. Quit. Stop. Halt. Pain. Home.
I hope one of my Tele-words affects her simple brain cells as Kongo wobbles slightly side to side walking towards me. Kongo hurts in her head, legs, and arms.
I connect, link, and Tele to Kongo. Pain. Stop. Home.
Kongo connects, links, and Tele to me. Home.
I smile brightly and step a boot towards Kongo as she stops in place, dropping her arms to her kneecaps for a fair surrender. Then, the white-robed Mystery Man with the red beard swiftly shoots a deadly yellow beam from the opposite side of auditorium at the unarmed animal, striking precisely in her chest cavity. Kongo cries in agonizing pain, dropping to the floor on her knees.
“Stang!” I sing in piccolo and swing my body around to see the Mystery Man, then twist my body to Kongo. I feel and see the yellow wound upon her chest that causes a first degree burn on flesh and bone in both citizens and animals. I growl like a jungle cat. I sigh with fury.
I seasick in both mind and stomach that the Mystery Man is going to finish task for me while I eye burn Rann.
He sits comfortably inside his throne chair, grinning with a toothy smile and entertainingly watches the tense action play like the sporting Game. I holler using a Tele-kick of Telepathy at Mystery Man and to Rann. “Halt.”
The Mystery Man raises his arm parallel to the floor, holding with a steady aim the raised maser, targeting the fallen and bleeding Kongo. My eyeballs communicate to my neurons that he’s going to shoot for a second time a defenseless animal in cold blood. No one’s going to help the Kongo. No one’s going to stop him, but me.
Using my Tele-speed, I bolt from the far wall, trying to stop a deadly yellow wave. I can’t reach the Mystery Man, in time. Too far! Too slow! Too late! I can’t reach the weapon and the man. I have to display my Tele power or the beast will die. I’m taking a high social risk performing my Tele trick in front of a live audience of prisoners along with Rann seeing it, as well as, Bartholomew. I am the alien in this fairy tale.
And, if I clearly understand Rosa’s big fat warning of my talent, these good citizens, here, don’t possess an ounce of Tele-ability. Second, they’ve never seen any one person or anything display of a Telekinesis trait. Well, ya’ll! There’s the first time for everything.
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
My neat magic trick is going to be a shock to a lot of people, but I can’t let the Kongo die. Not right. A lot of things aren’t right in this universe that I don’t like and I can’t change, but killing an innocent animal isn’t going to happen in front of my eyelashes. The Mystery Man doesn’t want to heed my verbal warning, either. I feel very sorry for him in the next few seconds.
He aims the maser muzzle precisely at the wounded animal ready to blast her chest cavity, twice. I sigh with outrage.
I stretch my arm, hand, and five finger pads from my shoulder socket into full length, during my Tele-dash in the direction of the armed madman and then T-whip a flare of Telekinesis quicker than lightning. I retrieve the maser from Mystery Man’s left cupped hand. The maser swiftly flies into my right hand as I safely tuck it under my left armpit, hiding the illegal weapon from peeking and unsuspecting assembly of prisoners. I sigh with grit.
The Mystery Man nosily gasps from my magic trick, since he isn’t sharp enough to understand what has just happened to him or the weapon. I gallop to him then forcefully plow my right fighting fist into his ugly pale face, knocking him unconscious. He silently crumples upon the floor while I giggle in a girly twang.
Dead men told no tales as they say on Earth.
I modify it slightly with a new saying for the new universe. “Unconscious men tell no secrets,” giggling and standing over the man between my black and pink snake-skinned cowgirl boots.
I use a touch of Tele-kick announcing for all eardrums. “Shoot again, fool!” The audience of prisoners goes poco loco crazy with clapping, hooting, dancing, stomping, and cheering inside the bleachers. The noise volume deafens my eardrums.
I smile brightly and think about waving my right hand back and forth like a royal princess but axe the idea. I straddle the idiot, who tried to defy me, the first noblette of Bonita Lady Starra. I sigh with gratification.
A pair of strong biceps forcefully jerk my right arm off the idiot as I stumble into empty space then plow into the Honor Guard’s chest. Then, we swing as one towards Rann.
The Guard cuffs both wrists tightly behind my back muscles, creating an intense piercing pain starting from my wrist to top of my collar bone then steals the maser from my left armpit. I giggle with the slight tickle touch of his warm finger pads in my tender spots. I sigh with funny then fury.
I greatly desire to fight back and kick his butt, instead I have saved the Kongo and tamed the beast. The Guard painfully shuffles me to Rann, twisting both my arms for fun and fright. I grind my teeth with pretend gravel and grit. I sigh with satisfaction.
“Release her, now!” Bartholomew meekly mews, as he weakly limps on one good leg and one bad leg to my rescue for the third time, this week. I view Baron, smiling sweetly then swing my face Rann, growling like a jungle cat. We, three slowly limp toward the center of the stage, not too far, kinda sideway of Rann’s throne chair.
Rann stands then two-steps in front of us while I slightly giggle.
I snap back into fury mode.
Then, I connect, link, and Tele to Rann. I win, again.
Rann smiles wickedly at me for…1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds. 4 seconds then nods at the Honor Guard, not me. The Guard frees and releases both arms along with my cuffed wrists. Bartholomew holds his injured rib cage with his right hand and my left hand with his free hand. I T-touch with Telemetabolics, easing some of Baron’s painful wounds and re-circulate the blood flow down into my ten fingers pads.
Rann stares at the Kongo, not me. “The animal’s not dead.”
I release BA’s hand then violently stomp my right cowgirl boot for attention, saying. “The animal is maimed, hurt, and tamed. I tamed her. I intent to take her with me to Commerce. Do you object, Prince Rann? Or is there another test for me to perform for you?” I grin with a toothy smile as the prisoners hoot, whistle, scream, and clap my victory speech. Rann wouldn’t dare insult me or his loyal citizens, without losing their respect of honesty and integrity. Because they like me. I sigh with fellowship.
Rann views the prisoners then cuts his eyeballs to me, and nods in acceptance. “There is no other test for you to perform, Lady Starra. You demonstrated your loyalty to your King in a most efficient and competent manner. I’ll award you and your Kongo, freedom.” He smiles at me for…1 second. 2 seconds then views Bartholomew. He nods, smirking. “Of course, I mean freedom for the entire diplomatic party sent by Rex with a safe passage from my Sahara to my Wall in my galaxy. This day has been most entertaining for my loyal citizens and me. I hope, Lady Starra, we can meet, again, in the future. You have my permission to leave Sahara.” Rann bows his arms in good well and new friendship.
I snort. “Stang! I hope not,” shaking my curls and smiling at Bartholomew.
He stares at Rann. “Let’s get out of here!”
We swing like an old married couple towards the door picking up the remaining diplomatic party and slowly pad back to home. 

Rann’s castle. secret room. The prisoners mutter softly to each other, exiting in order into their individual jail cells as Rann, Dirk, and Rita swiftly slip into a private chamber away from auditorium and the prisoners’ eardrums.
Rita sings in flute music. “Stang!” She marches beside Dirk, holding his hand and comments. “Did you see that feat? The weapon flew straight across the room.” She sits in the chair around the four-seated Pub table.
Dirk scoots the chair from the surface. “Minor trick, Rita, it is called levitation. I can cause thousands of masers to fly across the room.”
Rita leans across the table, pouts her lips, cute then playfully mocks. “I’d love to see you perform that trick for me, Dirk.”
“Enough!” Rann stands between their chairs and sings in bass drum, eye burning Dirk. “The back flips, cart wheels, speed running, leaps, and jumps that Starra has performed, today. Are those neat tricks part of her Tele Training administrated by Rosa? Or her true Tele-talents?”
Dirk eye burns Rita, pondering. “If I have to venture a guess, it is both. You cannot learn to back flip, without proper athletic instructions. But, you must possess a special Tele talent or two coupled with your natural stamina to endure all the physical and mental exercises.” Dirk looks at Rann.
Rann nods. “Can you execute the same moves and demonstrate them to others?”
Dirk nods. “Of course, I can.”
Rann smiles. “Excellent, Dirk. I was hoping you’d say that.”
Rita playfully taps on Dirk’s right knuckles and winks at him. “I was hoping to see you perform like a Woof dog, Dirk…”
“Shut up, Rita!” Rann sneers at her.
Rita coos and mews with a funny sound looking at Rann then wrinkles her nose. “What’s wrong, darling? Dirk can be your teacher. He’s very talented, so I hear.” She swings her skull at Dirk then winks, grinning.
Dirk studies Rann. “You wanted her. Didn’t you?”
Rann shakes his skull, exhaling. “Not just, Starra, only, I need both of you. There’s too much work for one person.”
“I’m training them as fast as I can.” Dirk eye burns the table with that negative comment from Rann, feeling Rann’s frustration in his personal Tele work.
Rita taps his knuckles for fun. “How are the newborns coming, Dirk?”
Dirk purses his lips, tightly. “They’re confused at first but learning slowly. This project’s going to take time, Rann. I feel that I can perform all the work, without the talented and beautiful Lady Starra. She’s dangerous. She’ll reveal everything. She cannot be trusted. She’s loyal to Rex. You can’t change her. She’s going to fight on the opposite side of us.”
Rann shakes his skull. “I don’t believe that, not if she knew the true facts about what’s really happening, here.”
Rita pulls her hands into her lap and sits upright, joining the chat. “There might be a slight tiny possibility that Starra believes you, Rann. Bartholomew does not. You tried to convince him. Remember, Rann? He doesn’t want to listen…,” nodding at Dirk, “…to any one of us.”
Dirk looks at Rann, nodding. “Your approach was incorrect. You should’ve never forced Bartholomew to come to Sahara. You have lost his trust and, maybe the War for us, Rann. Baron is, now, your second number two enemy along with Rex.”
Rann shakes his skull. “I have not lost the War. I’ll have Starra. She hasn’t decided to commit to Rex, yet. She can help us. Back to work, both of you,” swinging his body towards the door, exiting into the empty hallway.
Rita bushes the surface with her manicured coral-painted fingernails. “Starra, if I hear her name, one more time, I’m going to throw up. What’s so special about Lady Starra?”
Dirk pours water into the glass from the pitcher in the center of the table, smirking. “Be careful, Rita! Starra was trained by Rosa, who was the foremost expert on Tele Training on either side of the Wall. Also, you must understand that Rosa transferred her Tele-powers to Starra, right before her death. Starra may not realize how powerful she can be, if cornered like a fox. I’d think the exhibition today in the auditorium proved that.”
Rita snorts unladylike, slamming gently her right knuckles upon the table surface. “It proved nothing, Dirk. She can make a weapon fly across the room. So, what? I want to see real Tele stuff from Starra. I don’t believe she can do squat. She couldn’t handle the two-man squad that I sent to invade her castle to find your so-called, black diamond bracelets. She panicked and ran upstairs to her bedroom frightened like a silly little child.”
Dirk screws his eyebrows, ugly at her. “You…sent the burglars. I wondered who placed that order. That was a stupid mistake, Rita. We could’ve been discovered. I don’t think you realize. Starra had just received her Tele transference powers from Rosa. She was exhausted and drained from the intense and mental Tele ritual. But still, she managed to wound a man and knock the other male, unconscious. So, you tell me, again, how weak she is. Then, I battled her the next early afternoon at Festival Day on Commerce. I admit that’s a magnificent feat to defeat me,” nodding.
Rita giggles then coos, and then purrs like a kitten, playing with his finger pads. “Tell me, Dirk?” She pauses for beauty, smiling. “Do you spend all your spare time spying on Lady Starra? Studying her moves, noting her weaknesses, I noticed that you did not tow her along for the ride on the ship leaving Commerce on Festival Day. By his command, Rann had ordered. What was stopping you? Apprehension? Fear? Terror!”
Dirk snorts like a wild boar, eye burning the far wall heavy in mental thoughts, then views at Rita. “I don’t fear Starra. I hate Starra. You’re correct. I do study her. I note all her weaknesses, because that’s the only way I can defeat her. There’s something different about Starra. It’s something that Rosa did not teach her, either. It’s something that Starra knows by pure instinct. I’ve never seen a more talented Tele living in our universe. I, also, have never met Starra until three weeks ago on Bonita,” sneering.
Rita part lips, “Dirk, what are you saying?”
Dirk cocks his jaw to the side, staring into Rita’s blue eyes. “Have you ever heard of the catalyst, Rita?”

Starra’s castle. dark blue sky. blue clouds. white moon. rain showers. 67ºF. afternoon. After landing on Commerce, Ira was summoned to Rex. Bartholomew was rushed to the new Medical Center Hospital located inside the old Sahara mansion and accompanied by his brother-in-law Zak.
I go home via Bot and my air ship. I sigh with gratitude.
I’m thankful for the happy turn of events. Baron is alive and well. My house is restored. My irrational behavior is back in check, at least, for the moment. I giggle.
Sbots have cleaned, repaired, and mended the interior rooms of my castle, compliments of Rex and has the replaced beautiful broken chartreuse furniture with a blend pale of shade of beige. I own a long sofa and a soft bed mattress. The walls are repaired and painted beige. The broken glass is gone, as well, as my friend Bot and his busted metal parts. I sigh with depression.
The hot tap water flows heavy down my aching muscles, relieving the pain in my heart, as I finish bathing and peeing. I change into a loose fitting pink dress. I toss a fitted sheet like a rug on the new mattress, dropping silently into the softness. I close my eyelashes, ravishing the silence of peace. The front door bell chimes like a fog horn from my alien attack…naw…invader attack. I exhale. “Geez! I gotta get that chime fixed.”
I roll over and hit the floor with my naked feet and slowly limp down each step. My body adjusts to the swift movements from my encounter with the strong and big Kongo.
I carefully open the door with stiff biceps and stare at Mbot or message robot.
Mbot drones. “Are you Lady Starra?”
“Yeah!” I don’t feel formal or polite to man or machine, right now.
Mbot drones. “King Rex, solo ruler of the universe and commander of the Militia has called an immediate noble meeting at seven in the evening. Supper will be served. Your attendance is required. No exceptions.”
I part lips gathering the air current dangerously then say. “You tell Rex to shove that sh…,” right up his bee_hind.
Mbot flies backwards from me, stopping three inches from the air ship. I stare, being so impressed with that backward flying maneuver done by the robots, giggling. I view the wall clock over the fake fireplace, which doesn’t have a fire, noting the time reads, a tiny few minutes before seven in the evening. I holler. “Stang!” I sigh with toil.

Rex’s castle. Dinner. dark blue sunset. blue clouds. rain showers. 61ºF. evening. I fly the air ship, viewing the dreary castle in the dreary dark rain, where the maser waves have careened all sides of the building. The pretty red waves have beautifully destroyed the flora garden of roses, tulips, daisies, tall green fern plants, shaded overgrown old trees, and funny animal shaped bushes. Gone in an instant! The burnt foliage still lingers from the continuous burning trash piles of garbage from damaged buildings, ships, furniture, bots, and bodies…(yeah, flesh, too). The beautiful green and lush Commerce isn’t designed as a shelter to house thousands of homeless people, hundreds of abandoned animals, millions of cans of food, and hundreds of emergency personnel staff for the next few long periods of time, which could be weeks, months, and years. I sigh with destruction.
Ira and his remaining loyal Honor Guard units, not the dirty defectors over the Wall, and not killed in the surprise maser raid, gallantly perform all hours of the day and night as serviceable Police for Rex and his surviving loyal citizens. They transport the citizens to and from the castles, home planets, and, sometimes, serve as the first contact of an emergency medical duty. They are assigned to manage the long-term repairs of the destroyed mansion, and act as escorts for the food barges, which travel safely to Commerce, Tech, and Agri. The small role of Honor Guard has grown from a babysitting service for nobles to a protection police service for the tanked economy and stunned citizens in Rex’s universe.
The mood is somber, quiet, and low key inside the meeting room, except my stomach growling with emptiness. My showy tap dance with Kongo has left me both hungry and tired. Food always cheers my spirits up towards the skyline, especially a piece of chocolate cake that Bartholomew remembers, so well, during the past noble meeting. Yummy!
Bartholomew is here and appears as dashing, jolly, and happy from Agri after visiting his sister Ivy and his Business-partners. Agri was untouched during the mysterious space raids that have destroyed Uni, Bio, the twin Militias, and parts of Tech World.
The enemy needs to eat, too.
I sit next to Bartholomew listening to the whines, groans, and complaints of unhappy nobles as Rex solo ruler of the universe…what’s left of it…enters the room. No one stands, bows or curtseys to him. The noble social events have really changed, forever more. I sigh with absenteeism.
He pulls the chair to the table, saying. “I apology for being tardy. I also want to express my concurrence with the diplomatic party for leaving my daughter with…,” exhaling, “…Rann. I realize that you had no other alternative for your safe return back to Commerce.” He views Ira. “Ira, if you could continue, please.”
Ira nosily clears his throat, talking in his deep baritone tuba. “Of course, Your Highness. I have tallied the damage of men, machines, and property. There are no survivors on the worlds Uni or Bio. These planets are off limits to all citizens within King Rex’s universe. Agri, I’m happy to report sustained no damage. The shipments of food are running on restricted schedules to all planets on in each solar sun system on both sides of the Wall…”
“Is this wise, Rex?” Lad shakes his skull. “Rann has proven to be our enemy. Are you going to supply him with food to feed his rebellious army making them stronger for another attack and allow us to starve to death?”
Zak says. “There is a universal rule that dictates our current situation. Innocent people cannot be allowed to starve, just because we didn’t like them.”
Rex nods. “Rann’s paying for the food shipments. We may be at War, but we also have an economy to run. He’s paying premium currs for that food. This is the end of that discussion thread. Ira will continue to the next topic.”
Ira reads the device. “You probably have noticed the lack of personal robots, personal air ships, and personal equipment from Tech World. The planet received a heavy volley of maser waves in the attack. It devastated 6,000 factories out of the 8,000 factories on the surface, killing 400,000 citizens, and disintegrating 15,000,000 units of robots, ships, and equipment.” Nobles moan in unison as Ira updates. “Therefore, nobles and commoners will…not be issued any new robots, ships, or equipment. You must use what technology devises you possess and learn to repair them or contact Lad. He can assign a working tech crew….”
“When pigs fly…,” smirks Lad as the nobles chuckle.
Ira clears his throat. “The surviving re-located Tech personnel live within the Tech grounds and will continue to be available with electronic, mechanical, and bot support, questions, and information about repairing your equipment used for day-to-day activity. The remaining Tech factories are occupied with armed kill on sight bots and very little minimal citizen supervision to manufacture three distinct necessary products. The new products are War robots, War ships and War weapons, specifically masers in the forms of rifles, pistols, and cannons.” Nobles and I nosily gasp in harmoniously b-flat musical not. Ira nods. “By King Rex’s decree, both nobles and commoners alike are being conscripted to form a new Military within the existing universe.”
Lad claps his hands as a solo participant, nodding and smiling. “About time, where do I sign in?”
Ira motions, when one of the Police-guards produces a new mechanical devise in his hands. He gives to Ira. “A miniature hand-sized robot for each noble, compliments of Lad. This is called a mini-bot, being used in place of the old flying style personal robot.”
I cuddle my new toy while reading the information paragraph in green letters on the screen, in silent.
 A mini-bot is a squashed dwarfed version of the original bot, composed a silver metal, without a round head, protruding pointy mechanical arms and fingers, no legs, but a rectangular-shaped colleen in the middle (belly) of the robot. On Earth, a communications globe shaped-like sphere has a limited capability using human input and output commands by voice, or keypunch of data.
Here, Bots act and react on its own with their masters, other bots, and other citizens.
The new gadget looks like one of my Grandma Starbuck’s silver serving tray with a set of horizontal hollow handles on both sides of square-shaped box. The middle is curved up, viewing data or pictures on the tiny comlen. The design of the handles provides a good carry, grasp, grip, and hold with one hand. Or, the box can fly or hover with no citizen’s hands. It is very light weight in size with the outer edges surrounding with a set of colorful coded buttons, switches, knobs, and keys for communicating with citizens, places, and bots. I press the View-button as a Christmas list of first names pop onto the comlen, scrolling slowly down the screen. I search for my personal name.
Ira says. “Every man, woman, and child has been drafted into the Military. Women with young child under the age of three years old will perform the duties of nurse maids during day-light working hours. The young adults, teenagers, and young children over the age of three will attend school for four hours per day, and then train the rest of the day as Cadets in King Rex’s newly formed Military.” Ira stops, grinning with pride.
I can’t find my name on the stupid little mini-bot, poking and punching on the different colored buttons, when Bartholomew slams his folded fist into the table. The action rattles the table when I jerk my curls to the excitement.
Bartholomew frowns, nodding and mouth spitting. “Children? Rex! You…have enlisted the surviving children from Uni that were vacationing with their parents into the your Military. I don’t understand that this….”
Rex nosily clears his throat, viewing Bartholomew. “Baron and my other distinguished nobles, I am the ruler, here. This is my planet. These are my citizens. They will do, what I say and what I want. The need for the Military is necessary for our survival of whoever is out there in the universe trying to assassin us. The children will not be directly involved in active Warfare. I have decided to include them more for their protection rather than their harm. They will learn which Military unit they serve along with their parents’ unit, and what duties the young ones are required to perform to receive the precious food ration coupons. It is the most logical and efficient method of keeping our citizens and our side of the Wall intact,” pausing. “Once upon a time, there were 3,000,000 citizens living peacefully on both sides of the Wall. Today, we calculate the new total universal population at 2,000,000 inhabitants. Losing Uni, Bio, and parts of Resort and Tech is devastating to our citizens, economy and future of my universe.” He nods, frowning when I giggle. I neatly sum 2,000,001, being a teen alien that Rex doesn’t know about. I sigh with alien.
Lad twists his lips, ugly. “Resort was hit. Who reported this information? Has it been verified?”
Rex nods. “Rann supplied me that information and then verified by Tok. His Father was a victim, too. Forty percent of Resort has been destroyed along with trees, land masses, numerous sea ports, fishing sites, hotels, casinos, plant, animal, and citizens.”
Bartholomew says. “Rex, this new data opens up the opportunity for an alliance with Rann and his allies. He’s not the presumed enemy.”
Lad flips his five manicured nails at Bartholomew like a girl, pouting. “BA, wake up! He captured and torched you. Rann…(slaps hand on table)…is our new enemy. He has brainwashed you, attacked Resort, and confused us. Rann is a different person.”
Rex orders. “Stop it, Lad! We don’t know, who’s doing this nasty thing? But, I will warn to everyone, here. Rann is not to be trusted. We have a couple of more important matters to discuss.” He fingers at Ira.
Ira nosily clears his throat, saying. “Each mini-bot contains a complete list of names, associated ranks, assignments, and the location of your new Duty-stations. King Rex’s Royal-castle is the main Command Center. The highest ranking Military officers will report and receive orders, assignments, and duties from King Rex or me.” Rex nods while Ira says. “The old Sahara-castle is the new Hospital. The Uni-castle destroyed in the raid has been replaced with a new super structure that will distribute food and merchandise throughout Commerce, the other noble home worlds, and other strategic geographic sites. The old Ice-castle is the Operations Communication Center or OPS for any and all incoming and outgoing ships, space comfone messages, and communications throughout Commerce and to other planets. The current Tech-castle houses the top secret personnel who are allowed only on Tech World.
“The old Bio-castle has been expanded to accommodate the new Military training facility. Agri will remain the permanent home of Baron Bartholomew and his Business-partners. Baron will monitor all outgoing food shipments to Commerce and the other planets. Finally, Bonita belongs to Lady Starra as listed as her home residence. At this present time, there’s no assignment of military occupation inside Bonita castle.” I swing my curls to Rex. He ignores my furious facial expression, since no one will be occupying my castle. Period.
Ira enjoys his new role in the ever changing universe. He says. “The rest of the castles owned by the formal nobles were heavy damaged beyond repair. They will be leveled for new structures. I propose that you study your mini-bot and learn the names of your units and officers by six in the morning, tomorrow, when all Military duty commences.” Nobles moan in unison as Lad claps his hands like a trained lion seal.
A Military solider barges into meeting and then whispers into Rex’s right eardrum. Rex stands and scoots out the room, while I find it.
I see my name on the mini-bot, posting as Commander Starra of Operations Communication Center (OPS). My commanding officer is Rex. I whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Commander. I like.”
Rex swiftly rushes into the room, standing and frowning. “I have another very important announcement. This data has been measured, tested, and re-tested to determine that it is indeed true and actual facts. The Sickness has returned to our universe. Scientists have discovered three people infected with the Sickness….”
“Where are they being kept?” Lad parts lips.
“The victims are lying in individual isolated beds inside the new Hospital at the old Sahara-castle. They’re not contagious. These people were discovered in the comatose state with only a matter of hours, before they die.” Rex says.
Lad stands, waving his arms and hollering. “Who are they? Who found them? Are there any more? How are we going to survive this Sickness?”
Ira stands, swatting his hand towards Lad’s skull, which is too far away. He orders. “Calm down, Lad! You’re not going to get sick. My people have taken care of the problem. No one else is going to get sick. We have medical protocols in place. Any person showing any symptoms of the Sickness will be admitted to the Hospital’s containment ward and observed. We know based on previous historical fact, that no one survives the Sickness. They are dead within two days. So, don’t worry your noble hind about it.”
Rex resumes control. “Medical precautions are being taken to subdue the Sickness and its victims. If any person sneezes, they are being taken to the Hospital for a thorough clinical examination. You…are to prepare your units for Military duties, tomorrow at six in the morning. We have a War to win. We can’t do it scratching our heads about problems that have not occurred. You…are the highest ranking officers in my newly formed Military army. When I call a meeting, you…plan to attend. Dismissed!” I sigh with mystery.
I follow the love birds of Bartholomew and Zak outside into the yellow and red sunset. Bartholomew back steps from Zak, waiting and smiling at me then hugs me close. He whispers into my right eardrum. “Starra, would you dine with me this evening?”
I thumb my folded hand behind me inside the castle, not thinking. “I just ate too much delicious food in there. I… am…,” pausing and staring Bartholomew as he nods for me to accept his kind dinner invitation, trying to tell me that he wants a private conservation away from Rex, palace, and soldiers. I sweetly adjust my twang to piccolo. “I’d love to have dinner with ya’ll, including Zak and Ivy. I’m starving. Should we leave now, honey? My ship’s over there. I’ll follow your air ship. Is that acceptable, darling?” I smile, nodding my skull as we walk towards Bartholomew’s ship.

Bartholomew’s castle. Dining-room. clear sky. full moon. 56ºF. evening. Ivy says, holding her fork of food in the air. “Rex has gone mad….children in Rex’s Military. Then, there are the poor families of the Sickness’ victims. They’re helpless to treat their loved ones. I wish we could do something.” She eats her food, chewing.
I place the beverage on the table, nodding. “My understanding is…there’s no cure for the Sickness. I don’t know what we could do different from the trained medical staff.”
Bartholomew pours more liquid into his glass. “There is a cure for the Sickness.”
Ivy finishes chewing her food, inquiring. “What is it? You can’t hide this information from everyone. These people can be saved, so tell the medical technicians.”
Bartholomew scans the faces around the table. “The problem is that I don’t know the formula, but I truly believe that Rex does.”
I nod. “I agree with Bartholomew. Rex knows more than he’s willing to share with us and the other nobles. How can we find out his secret?”
Zak sits his fork against the China, smirking. “We investigate. Or better, we send in a spy,” nodding with BA and Ivy. I don’t like this plan, frowning.
Ivy giggles. “You…want one of us to spy on Rex. My wonderful husband, your plan’s a direct invitation to the gallows. And, I, for one, want to keep my neck intact.” She gingerly touches her swan neck out of survival and instinct. I part my lips with fear truth while reading the fictitious sentences inside the red Book.
“Are you for or against me, stranger?” Zak joshes then smiles.
“I’m in.” Bartholomew agrees, wiggling his eyebrows up and down, funny, smiling and eye burning Ivy.
“Count me… in.” Ivy nods at Bartholomew.
“Don’t leave me out!” I shout and grin.
Zak asks. “Who’s going to play the spy?”
Bartholomew looks at me and taps my right knuckles. “I nominate Starra.”
“Me!” I mice-squeak, shaking my curls with definitely a negative answer.
“Why…her?” Ivy frowns at me with suspicion.
“Starra is the perfect spy.” Bartholomew smiles, raising his finger. “First, Rex likes you. Second, he doesn’t know all your secrets and will trust you more than anyone else at this table. And, the third reason, Rex is your superior officer. So, you can easily spy on him, instead of him spying on you….”
“Spying on me…,” alarming my neurons with big red flags at that personal comment, since I am the alien in this fairy tale. I view, who only chuckles and winks at me. Then, I understand, this is all a pretend game with a pretend chat of solving the problems of the universe, because I am not a spy. I’m an alien. I sigh with alien.
“The logical choice for the job I believe…,” Ivy nods, grinning and giggling like a farm hen.
I scan the amusing faces and surrender my hands like a bank robbery and sing in flute music. “Fine.”
“Fine!? What dying creature says that?” Zak cocks his jaw at my sideways.
I turn bright red in my face, jerking my face to the table then Zak. “I’m from the south…part of the planet…,” pausing. “We…all talk like that. We’re fine. They’re fine. Mama’s fine,” pausing and scanning each face. I smile. “I mean that I accept the assignment of spy.”
There’s that word, accept. I’m always accepting tests that I can’t pass.
Bartholomew scoots from his chair, extending his hand for me and gentlemanly helps me up as we stand and walk to his ship.
We drive back to the palace parking lot with the full moon burning brightly against the dark sky. It shines a piercing whit beam over all the pretty flowers, flat rocks, and new plants, displaying a glittering color of hot pink, flaring red, burning yellow, fiery blue, and burnt orange, a beautiful sight to behold.
Bartholomew slows, then stops the ship and jumps out, coming around the front bumper.
He opens the door of ship, pulling gently my forearm out of the hatch as I lean against the dirty paint of the ship in my old uniform. Bartholomew talks softly and wraps his hands around my naked shoulders. “Thank you for being a part of our secret plan. I couldn’t have picked a more perfect partner to trust. I find you, an exciting and beautiful girl, Starra. I have never met anyone quiet like you. These past nine days have been filled with fun, adventure, and daring moments for me. I haven’t felt this content and happy in many years. You have opened up a new universe for me. I wish this stupid War wasn’t happening. Thus, I’m very worried about you.” He stops and stares into my eyeballs, smiling, since I desire not to interrupt and address his concerns about my welfare, during his pretty speech. I don’t want to disrupt the compassionate flow of raw emotions, kind words, and romance. He chuckles, viewing the pavement then me. “I meant to say in a more simple statement, that I’m worried about you being alone in your huge castle with no protection or a single Bot sentinel. I’d like for you to consider staying with me at my mansion, at least, during the war.” He offers as I raise an eyebrow, right then he chuckles like a farm turkey. “You don’t understand. I have talked this decision over with Ivy and Zak. They understand, how I feel about you. They want me to be happy. You make me very happy. Therefore, please think about my offer. I have over fifteen rooms, twenty bathrooms, and five living rooms inside my Agri-castle. You can pick your own private wing.” He smiles. I smile when he says. “I care for you deeply, Starra. Please, think about my idea.” He grabs my right naked hand, kissing gently with his lips as I enjoy the moment and smile.
I nod. “BA, I have say it on numerous occasions. You’re the most gentle of gentlemen in this universe. I’m honored that you care so much for me. I feel the same way about you. I’ll think about your generous and warm offer. But, for tonight, I must return to my castle. I have to prepare for my duties as Commander, tomorrow at six in the morning.” I wiggle the new mini-bot in my free hand, since Bartholomew holds the other one tenderly between his ten finger pads. I stare into his twinkling eyes, then he dips his chin and kisses my pink painted lips. I die and go to Heaven with my eyelashes closed for…1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds. 4 seconds…

Day 15. OPS. blue sky. yellow sun. 60ºF. morning. “I…am…your…superior officer. I…do not….want you to forget that fact. Since, I…will be very involved in the day-to-day activities of the War. I…have appointed as Major Tom the leader of the Operations Communication Center. Major, please take over your command. Good luck to us, all!” Rex soldierly pivots and quickly departs with Ira behind his fanny, since both fannies can’t fit though the wide archway. I snicker like a sly weasel at the funny Military picture. Rex and Ira rush off to attend the next formal opening of the next Military facility following by with their personal army of bodyguards, former Honor Guards.
Major Tom smiles, blinking his eyelids once, twice then thrice with some type of allergic problem that I postulate as his warriors soldierly stand. I slouch my lazy my bee_hind in my new cowgirl boots against the wall intersections, folding my arms for beauty, boredom, and dummy (Tom). He faces the attentive new Military officers, base personnel and the little kids, addressing. “The first rule…is you will address me as Major Tom, Major or sir. The second rule is…this duty station is designated as Operations Communication Center or OPS for a shorten name for better efficiency. The third rule is...” bellowing like a farm cow in heat, since I…am not impressed with Major Tom.
However, I…am impressed with Tom’s snappy Military dress suit, a neatly pressed and ironed Navy-blue pants and matching Navy-blue tunic with a single gold satin sash running across his flat chest. The uniform decorates with tons of small rounded and squared medals, and tiny pins of different shapes, various colors that he must’ve stolen off a dead Honor Guard. I snort like a wild boar. I sigh with trouble.
Ya’ll know! I’m the highest ranking officer. Rex told me, yesterday while hanging around the table with no food and posted as a Commander at the new OPS station on my new mini-bot. So, this boy outranks me, being a Major dud. I sigh with disappointment.
I subject change my one-side silence mental thoughts and swing my face around the room, admiring the stinky freshly painted dull white lobby that matched all the other dull white rooms. (only paint left in paint-store). I giggle with a girly tone.
I T-scan beyond the present lobby to the blue dots behind the lobby-space roaming like lost sheep around the War-rooms while learning their new War-job…(yeah, baby). I see more blue dots, citizens, who wear the new neatly pressed and ironed blue uniform, consisting of a fashionable combo of pant, or skirt, or blouse or tunic with a single satin sash, different colors. Then, I chin whip my face and stare at my cute cowgirl boots in solid black snake skin, expect for the small toe tip painted in hot pink. I still haven’t figured out that particular animal. I will ask Bartholomew. I am still attired and tired of the same old black turtleneck, same old black skirt. I sigh with dejection.
I need to tattle to my superior officer about the wardrobe malfunction along with annoyingly Major Tom, then scan the mini-bot between my ten finger pads. I read Tom’s work résumé, a former Militia Honor Guard below his fugly ugly foto. This is a good example of Ira’s people taking care of the problem. Ira has planted, transplanted, and grown his own garden of young saplings, loyal boys and girls seeding them into each Military branch, station, post, and castle of Rex’s new formed Military. I sigh with disenchantment.
“Where’s the person named Commander Starra? Is she here? She’s supposed to report to me…now.” Tom shouts in his tenor saxophone as I ignore the baby pig squeak and study the mini-bot. The young girl in front of me that nicely blocks Tom’s eyeballs swings her body to face me. Tom commands. “I order OPS personnel to return to your duty stations. The second and third shift personnel are dismissed for day to return at your scheduled hour of work.” I sigh with dreariness.
The pretty Female smiles. “Hey! Isn’t your name Starra?” I chin whip my face to her, bobbing and grinning like I won first-place in the Rodeo barrel racing, since the female recognizes me as the first noblette of Bonita.
I hiss like a snake. “Yessss.”
The female thumbs behind her shoulder at Tom. “He’s calling your name.” She turns her body to the left, exiting my eye sight. I scan the Lobby with eyeballs absolutely empty, except for me and Tom, then toss my left arm into the air and wave my five finger pads like a crazy person.
I sing in flute music. “Here…,” forward stomping, very loudly in my cute cowgirl boots as Tom approaches the raised platform, holding three big separate comlens, stretching from floor to almost to the ceiling tiles.
I nosily hop like a bunny rabbit…I mean…hop my boots, together, side by side like a bunny rabbit upon the center stage, then giggle. I stand nose-to-nose even with Tom, because he’s short, like me. He chin whips into his chest while admiring my cute cowgirl boots and finger points. He says. “That…is not standard issue, solider….”
I forcefully shove my right hot pink pointy toe against his left spit and polished Navy-rounded toe boot, then bad breathe in bass flute. “Starra!” He back steps two paces and presents a set of duck lips, ugly as I stand in my new spot with a big pretty smile.
Tom says. “Starra, I have orders to report to the Command Center in King Rex’s palace. You’re going to be my second-in-command. This means…you, Commander Starra, obey my commands, then we’ll get along greatly…until the War ends.” Tom grins as I nosily gasp. The little monster! I obey his stupid commands, being the first noblette of Bonita. Yesterday, he was a lonely Militia Honor Guard helping noble children pee and dookie in their baby toilets.
My T-powers ping.
I home into my T-powers flaring, not with a warning of danger that the enemy’s attacking the building. I grunt like a wounded animal, slowly cautioning my instinctive reflexes, since I’m going to murder in cold blood Major Tom. I eye-kill his face and bit my pink tongue, growling in a sweet tone of alto. “Major Tom, I’ll obey your commands.”
“Commander, you’re in charge of OPS.” Tom orders then twists his right boot around and neatly pivots, exiting my eye sight, out the building.
I clap my ten finger pads with silence noise and sneaky celebration, cheering to no one. “Time to party.” I sigh with delight.
I snail-walk in and out of each work room in OPS, killing my precious time, since Tom won’t be back for a long period of time. I, also, have been in meetings with King Rex. They’re not pleasant. They’re not short, either. Tom is in for a rude awakening, servicing the King as I giggle in a girly twang. I enter a new room crowded with citizens, while the children play merrily on the floor.
My primary task along with other citizens is to monitor the small, medium, and large comlens, to manually log any and all incoming and outgoing star ships, and to record any and all space comfone intergalactic and intragalactic transmissions by name, date, time, and location from and to the outer planets along with the non-talking Wall. Dang! That’s thought-full!
Today’s relatively quiet. The citizens…I mean…soldiers are learning about the new equipment, new assignments, and new military life. I sigh with duty.
I accidentally discover a new source of data and a new friend named Ensign Bob, working on Tech World, before the maser raid. The maser bombing destroyed his job and his family members…(so sad).
Bob has been re-assigned to OPS, due to his extensive knowledge of comlens, comfones, and bots. Bob likes to educate me about the massive machines, appearing in his nicely dress blue uniform with a silver sash, which reminds me to yell at someone about my new blue uniform. I greatly desire a pink sash, since I like the color pink best of all the hues. I giggle in a girly twang, when Bob stomps behind me to show the next boring room.
We tour each floor, department, and machine as he describes the function and purpose of each piece of equipment, which might come in handy, never.
I am the elected spy by the Agri clan, giggling.
Then, I Tele-sense with my big nostril Tom’s stinky BO, before he touches the door pad into OPS. I dismiss Bob, returning to my chained desk on the three-inched elevated platform. I sigh with annoyance.
Tom marches soldierly to me, yelling in his sissy tenor saxophone. “Commander Starra, report to me the status of OPS, first, before your next assignment is to report to my superior commander, King Rex.” I sigh with displeasure.

Rex’s castle. War meeting. evening. I happily walk beside Colonel Bartholomew, holding his hand, passing the armed Military soldiers in their new neatly pressed and ironed blue uniforms with a set of single satin yellow sashes. They salute while Bartholomew salutes back with four finger pads that I ignore, totally. The small room slowly packs with nobles, which have morphed into new titles, Corporal Lad, General Ira, Major Zak, Colonel Bartholomew, and…(giggles)…Commander Starra.
Rex enters then swings his body and locks the door, sitting beside Lad, saying. “This information does not leave this room. There are twenty Sickness patients housed in the Hospital’s isolation ward.”
“Where are the medical protocol controls?” Lad smart-holes, slamming his baton upon the solid wood.
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling. 
Rex says. “I’m left with only one option, termination.” Eyeballs blink as eardrums listen.
“You’re left with only one option, termination. What does that imply, Rex?” Zak asks.
Rex says. “The term means, death. The patients will be humanely etherized, tomorrow, eight in the morning.” Nobles nosily gasp for fear and oxygen as Bartholomew slams both his open palms upon the solid wood, rocking the solid table. I stare in silence.
Bartholomew says. “This is murder, Rex. You can’t kill innocent people, just because they’re sick with a terminal disease. You should allow the Sickness to do its job. No one survives the Sickness.” Skulls bob up and down several times in silence of that great idea as Lad shakes his skull side to side along with studious Rex.
Lad nods. “I disagree with BA. Rex is saving lives of all the healthy and loyal citizens on Commerce and in the rest of the universe, who come, first.” I sigh with anger.
Rex nods, shouting. “May I remind everyone in this room, I am the King. This makes me judge, jury, and executor of justice. I called this meeting to inform you, not debate with you. My orders will be carried out, tomorrow, eight in the morning. Prepare your people for the shock of this upcoming future event. Dismissed!” He doesn’t stand but sits quietly, while looking at his data tablet.
The nobles stand and exit the small room along with me as Bartholomew drags me by my forearm. I think mentally the word, murder. This War has come to killing both the innocent and the enemy, since no one can dispute your reign as ‘King of the Universe.’ I sigh with fury.
Zak trucks ahead of us out the double door passed the armed soldiers towards the air ship then elegantly swings his body. He hollers like a pig call. “I believe Rex has gone completely…” Bartholomew drops my arm, racing into Zak’s face as I over heard the conservation. Baron whispers. “Do not argue…here,” he rudely finger points at his air ship as we, three climb aboard for the evening meal. I don’t feel hungry, only sad and mad. I sigh with intrigue.

Bartholomew’s castle. Supper. Dining-room. evening. “What can we do, BA? There are twenty people. It’d take ten hours to move them to several different safe locations along with an elite commando team to penetrate the high security isolation ward in the old Sahara-castle. The castle is guarded by Ira’s Military’s trained and armed soldiers, who used the best members in the Honor Guard units. They carry masers…now, BA.” Ivy lectures as Bartholomew drinks the cool drink. Zak nods. I watch and listen with intrigue.
I agree with Ivy. She’s a trained medical technician in Rex’s newly formed Military, has access to the high security restricted area, and knows about the layout of new Hospital with the different medical wards inside the old mansion. But, Ivy doesn’t know about a secret single passage that Rann had built under his mansion, probably for a fast escape and an illegal gathering or…two from Rex. I smile with my deceptive grin, since I have a data tablet, now. I sigh with confidence.
“Right, Ivy! It’ll take a miracle to save these patients.” Bartholomew sips on his cool drink.
Zak nods. “Stang! I feel terrible and helpless.” Zak looks at Ivy as she bobs her skull which gives me a working idea. I sigh with participation.
I swiftly stand, scanning my face around the table. “If you will excuse me, I need to leave, BA. The events of today are, too overwhelming for me. I hope you understand.” Bartholomew stands. We walk and drive back to the palace parking lot, where he gives me a light kiss on the lips.
I turn and enter my air ship and zoom home, plotting my new plan. I sigh with eagerness.

Sahara-castle. current Hospital. evening. I silently jump, kitten-like over the broken gate between the stone wall thinking that the castle needs some big improvement funds plus concrete returning to the glory of old. I run, ghost-like into the dark green woods, following like a bloodhound the old trail hiking path to the rear of new Hospital. I use my photographic memory of the accessed electronic floor plans for a very different reason. I’m certain that Rann would’ve invited me to his castle, before the ram ship raid. 
I don’t like surprises, either, but like knowing about a fast exit or two for a quick escape, as well as Rann. I giggle with a girly twang for my devious lessons. Dang! I’m adapting well inside the new universe while learning from both Rex and Rann.
Rann is a very clever guy, designing an underground back door near the stinky bathroom on the first floor.
My good luck shows that the Isolation Ward is ten feet away from the stinky bathroom as the circulation of bad air chokes off the hidden chamber beneath the first floor tiles, creating an excellent never-go-there place.
The exterior flood lights in the rear of the Hospital are powered off, since, only, Rex and a hand full of nobles know about the evil execution deaths of twenty innocent people, tomorrow. I grin with a wickedly smile, crawling on four (palms and kneecaps) in the black dirt. I T-probe of Telepathy, and flair a T-view of Teleclairvoyance while searching for the hidden closed trap door, that I know is there made of solid concrete.
I smirk with a set of crooked lips, right up my nostril, whispering. “There you are.” Waving my hand, using a T-lift of Telekinesis, zapping the dried plaster around the door frame over the sides of the weedy knee-tall green healthy grass. I slowly levitate the door, wiggling both hands and ten finger pads like a magician for fun. The cool fresh air slams into my sweaty face. I sigh with feat.
I drop on two cowgirl boots then fold my body into a tight ball inside the semi-lighted golden tunnel. I T-scan the tight space towards the darken end, seeing, a locked door in front of my face about 200.0 feet. And, the distance is clear of guards. The hall is wide for a couple of upright males and absent of nasty debris and trash. I worry about lingering rodents and spider webs, but the proper working ventilation system is operating efficiently down here, keeping the bugs and pests from walls and corners. I jog to end, climbing five steps and then break the lock with my mighty T-strength.
I exit into a bright lighted hallway. I sigh with nervousness.
I turn left and trot like a horse down the empty hallway which is absent of hospital personnel, Military guards, and medical patients then slow and stop in front of the upper sign that direct points me to the sign that reads in big blue letters, ISOLATION.
I crouch like a toad inside the corner between the dark desk and the dark wall, use a T-scan of Telepathy inside the ward, and Tele-view still patients, lying quietly inside their individual cots in red wool blankets. They are so peacefully asleep, quietly waiting for death or rather for Rex’s terse, tart, terminal version. I pull my Tele-scan back from the Sickness patients through the closed set of double doors, where I hide between the corner and back into my mental mind.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I nervously stand, exposing my body in the light, and then step a boot towards the door as my gray dances in my eyeball.
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
I don’t see but feel movement from the side corridor as the night Med Tech returns from her break time of cinnamon rolls and hot chocolate with the delicious, wavering odor bombarding my nostril. I swiftly gallop into the available bathroom, holding my breath and hearing with Tele-eardrums. Step. Step. Step. Swing. 
I Tele-sight, seeing the Med Tech enter the Isolation Ward, and needing a disguise to finish my work, before I alert the Military armed security solider to my secret plan, Then, it will be bye-bye for twenty innocent souls.
I pop open my eyelashes and search the immediate surroundings consisting of tall medical staff golden-plated lockers built into the dressing area of the bathroom area. I tap to the locker and quickly break the padded lock on the first cubbyhole, rummaging through the loose items, finding a worn white laboratory coat, placing over my body, and swing around my body and gaze my eyeballs into the floor-length mirror. The Med Tech might recognize my pretty face, after all I’m a famous person, the first noblette lady of Bonita. I giggle with a girly twang. I sigh with beauty.
I break a second lock, finding a white shower cap and a single bag of makeup, covering my shoulder length gray hair with the white cap then smudge the dark brown powder around my pretty face, throat, and the top of my knuckles. I lovingly gaze into the mirror and find a new girl. Bartholomew will be pleased. I grunt like a dying animal with an automatic no, then swing towards the exit of the bathroom. I sigh with duty.
I causally stride to the door then gently swing open the wood, pretending to be another paid Med Tech at the Hospital. The authentic Med Tech views her pale face at me, standing then inquires in an oboe timbre. “Who are you?”
I connect, link, and Tele to her, while I silently mouth the word: replacement.
She stares at me, then I Tele and silently mouth the words: go home.
The Med Tech frowns, first, then yawns, second, then says, third in a nasty alto. “About time. I’m tired. You’re in charge.” She grabs her white cape, wrapping the coat around her shoulders, exiting silently out the Isolation ward as I Tele-sight.
She strolls around corner of wing down the long corridor and waves bye-bye to the front entrance sleepy Military-solider girl. She walks out the door and advances to her parked air ship then leaves the Hospital docking lot. I sigh with relief.
I whine like I have stepped both my new cowgirl boots in a fresh pile of squirrel dookie. Because, I did. “Time for work.”
I T-lift with Telekinesis moving two patients, at a time, through the Isolation doors into the underground tunnel, and out the open trap door, through the dark woodlands, into the weedy back yard, and planting them, into a roomy Storage space, inside the mansion. My individual tasks clock at three Bonita hours and some odd minutes.
I lean over the sink, scrubbing the brown makeup off my dirty face in the bathroom which adds more minutes for my completed work for the evening. I giggle. I sigh with exhaustion.

Starra’s castle. storage space. evening. They’re safe at least for a few hours from both Rex and Ira, since I’m immune, being a teen alien. I snort like a wild boar then T-scan with Telemetabolics each unconscious body. I sense healthy tissue, organs, and bones. Very strange!
The Sickness causes a fever which is followed by a coma, and then a death. These patients aren’t close to death. Their auras glow with a white light of perfect health, exhibiting a normal sleeping pattern of rapid eye movement along with shallow breathing for a healing trance as I confuse with my and their mental thoughts.
I gingerly press my three finger pads to the small child, sensing a normal heart rhythm along with regular blood flow to her healthy arties and her active brain functions. No fever! The child is cool my finger pads, which is normal due to colder air circulating inside the storage room.
I’m missing something. There is a connection. Wait a minute! Hold the comfone! Rosa controls their minds, well, not anymore, since Rosa is deader then a nail head. Mind control. Pieces of the big Choo-Choo train puzzle are coming, together, inside my neurons. All the kids over the age of four years old are required attend Planet Uni, the only school in the entire universe, where the kids live, play, and learn under Teachers, who live there, too.
The Teachers have been trained to control their young minds of the children. I see that half of victims are children over the age of four, only a true Tele can control a mind. Therefore, the Teachers are practicing Teles, trained by the only known Tele in the universe. The incident of 68 years, ago, on Uni with Rosa, the only witness, because, she cold-murdered them to keep that secret hidden. I shudder with a scary revelation. I sigh with sadness.
All this hard evidence leads to me to one final unrevealed conclusion, that all the citizens are gifted as true Telepaths, unbeknownst to their own brain neurons. Rosa knew it. Rex knows it. I bet Rann knows, the secret. I sigh with intrigue.
I jog to the Kitchen’s comlen and dial OPS, being the second-in-command in both, grand title and grander privilege as the young girl appears upon the visual monitor. I do not smile, since Commanders don’t smile. I say in bass flute. “This is Commander Starra, identify yourself, Ensign?”
“Ensign Dot, sir…,” shaking her soprano voice with nervousness.
I nod and say in alto flute. “Relax, Ensign, assign me a space line, as soon as possible, please.” I fake a smile while she rapidly types with finger pads upon the bot next to her deck.
Ensign Dot smiles at me. “Yes, sir! I have available a space comfone line number 818 ready for an immediate intergalactic transmission. I coded it scrambled, Commander.”
I nod my curls for her great work, smiling. “Outstanding, Ensign Dot! Put yourself in for a duty accommodation by me. Do you remember my name?”
Dot nods. “Commander Starra.”
I smile at her. “Starra, out!” I rapidly punch the access code 818 into my comfone then stop. Let’s test my hypothesis. 
I close my eyelashes. I connect, link, and Tele to Rann. Starra calls. 
I press the transmittal button on the comfone then wait for…1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds.
The silver and white rows of static vanish completely and then replace with a dashing and devious smirk from Rann upon my private secret and secure space line comlen from Sahara directly into my Kitchen on Bonita. He bows his skull with a slight tilt of his chin then charms my wool socks off my naked feet with his sexy baritone trombone timbre. “Lady Starra, good evening! Hmm! I had a feeling you might be calling me. What’s your pleasure? Or, maybe, my pleasure is the better quest?” Rann can charm a Sahara snake, which I hear are very nasty and like to suck on blood of the dead prisoners, who try to escape within the 200-degrees heated desert sands. I see Rita’s vested intrigue and interest in him. I sigh with adventure.
“Drop the façade, Rann. You tell me your secrets…(lean into the monitor)…and I will tell you mine.” I study his face as his eyelids smash into his eyebrows then that sexy smirk becomes a full smile of white teeth. I wink at him.
Rann nods, saying. “I’m ready, willing, and able, Starra. Your place or mine?” Then, he confesses in a few brief sentences, that he’s a practicing Tele with a limited range of Telepathy and Telekinesis abilities. He is personally training a small army of Tele warriors which come from and are composed of the Sickness patients, who survive the fever. Rann and his Tele-army are planning to fight against the true enemy of the universe, King Rex. I sigh with shock.
“Join me, Starra! I could use your unique and gifted talent in my Tele army.” Rann tosses his sexy smile and sexy baritone while pleading. And, he, now, knows my Tele secret, not my alien secret.
Man! O, man! I would like to join his crusade, but I can’t. My mysterious disappearance and sudden re-emergence into the enemy territory would be highly dubious and labeled a traitor with a severe consequence, which might include my swan neck, where I am quite fond of my throat. I gingerly touch my throat with my right hand. I totally nick, axe, dump, and bury that precious idea.
I shake my curls. “It’s too late for me to switch sides, Rann. Rex will become suspicious and attack you and your warriors, prematurely. We have to wait for your little surprise. Anyway, I cannot leave Bartholomew.”
Rann views his hand then me, slightly grinning. He sings in his sexy baritone trombone. “Ah! The handsome and talented Baron Bartholomew, you really care for him. Don’t you, Starra?”
I present a set of dead pan straight pin lips, without any emotion etched upon my suntanned freckles. I sing in bass flute. “I…do.” I pause for beauty. “I…will protect him at all costs, Rann. I…want to make that absolutely clear between us.”
Rann chuckles like a silly clown, shaking his skull side to side with a sweet smile. “Don’t worry, Lady Starra! My goal’s to expose Rex and then destroy him.” I do believe in Rann’s words and ability. After all, I’m a practicing Tele with unlimited metaphysical abilities, since I am an alien from Earth. He says, nodding. “Rex is a very powerful Tele. He seems weak in his physical appearance, but can manipulate his will in a very vast and dangerous way by using the citizens, instead of mind tricks.”
I nod. “Speaking of citizens, I hold twenty victims of the Sickness. Can you help me, Rann?”
“Where did you get them?” Rann wrinkles his forehead, ugly and inquires.
I say. “Rex…was going,” chuckling. “…to execute them for being ill. Most of the victims are children. I believe they’re survivors from Uni…”
Rann shakes his skull. “They’re not from Uni. There were no survivors, just like Bio, Ice, and parts of Tech World, and Resort. Masers did not leave anything but burned body parts, Starra.”
I nod. “I’m very sorry. Didn’t rescue teams find injured people on Ice?” I inquire with kitty-cat curiosity.
“Maser waves burn flesh in a single shot. They’re also designed to track heat, specifically body heat in all life forms. The massive maser cannons produce intense rays of radiation inside the atmosphere and along the ground soil. No one survives a maser cannon blast. There’s not anything in the universe strong enough to deflect fire power like that. Therefore, no one survived the maser wave attacks on Bio, Uni, and Ice. Citizens, animals, and plants are totally destroyed by an instant burn wave directly hitting the ground, which is contaminated from the atmosphere’s radiation poisoning. The planet cannot be re-inhabited for another 500 years.” Rann educates. I sigh with forever death.
I nod. “I’m so sorry. I didn’t fully understand the devastation of maser cannons.”
“This information is not available to the general public. I’d strongly advise keeping this data secret, Starra.” Rann says.
I nod. “No problem. And, I ask you the posed question, again. What about the twenty Sickness patients in my storage room…,” sleeping like tiny babes in the womb.
Rann smiles. “I’d enjoy assisting you, beautiful Lady Starra of Bonita.” He bows at his waist in respect as I giggle with a girly twang at his silliness and seriousness in this crisis. Rann is a calm and cool noble and overall a great guy, who happens to be a single and available dangerous prince.
I clap my hands and bounce on my naked toe bones. “Excellent. I have to move them quickly, before I’m caught. They’re planned for execution, tomorrow at eight in the morning…,” saying.
Rann slams his folded fist into the side wall of the mounted comlen rattling the monitor on my end then says. “Blast it, Starra! Eight tomorrow? That doesn’t give us much time. It’s two in the morning, now.” He rotates his neck muscles around the side table, typing into a data tablet.
I watch his behavior. “Time…time for what, Rann?”
Rann face flips his jaw at me and smiles. “A rescue ship…”
I back step from comlen with the deep thoughts, but good wishes of a face-to-face encounter with Rann, not here on Bonita, at my castle, on my street. I sing in flute music. “Rescue!?” I pause for beauty. “You’re going to save them by carrying off the twenty unconscious bodies off of Bonita back home to Sahara….with you.”
Rann nods and smiles, working on the data tablet. “You have guessed correctly, Starra. Sahara’s the safest place for them. Each patient is in a sleep hibernation mode. Each mind is interfacing their single Tele ability into the physical brain matter, which is a two day growth process. This explains, why a victim falls into a comatose state which would be too painful, if the patient was fully conscious.”
I nod my curls. “I understand. Where can I meet the rescue party…at the Wall?”
Rann shakes his skull. “Three miles south of your mansion is an abandoned warehouse. Can you levitate all the patients, there for me?” He sends an electronic map as it pops on the right hand corner of the screen.
I nod. “Done.”
“I’ll arrive with a cargo ship in one hour, Starra. Rex might be over confident, but Ira isn’t. He was blamed for the attack on Commerce and the other outlaying planets, due to lack of security and stuff. Ira probably has extra men camped around active and inactive hot spots throughout the city recording suspicious acts.” Rann says.
I twist my lips, ugly and listen to the excellent scouting from Rann. I’m not a spy, only an alien. “Thanks for the warning, Rann.”
He frowns, “I can approach my ship on the dark side of planet, but OPS will detect my signal as soon as I land the vessel near the warehouse.”
I smile, nodding. “Don’t worry! I have an idea. I’ll create a diversion for you,” giggling. I am easily fitting into this deceptive universe.
Rann frowns. “How will I recognize it?”
I wink at him, smirking. “Trust me. You won’t miss it.” Then, Rann cuts the transmission.
I swing around and pad to the storage room for my next feat of Tele work. I sigh with action.

Day 16. abandoned warehouse. dark blue sky. white clouds. white moon. 50°F. Three in the morning. I don’t dare contact Rann for a second time, using the intergalactic special comfone number 818 with a secret transmission through the Wall to his ship. It is almost untraceable in the recording equipment at OPS. However, too much static from the Wall makes it impossible to track any space line beaming back and forth to me from Rann.
The first comfone signal bounces into outer space covering my initial conversation with Rann. I can’t conceal a second comfone transmission on a local intragalactic band, bouncing off the dirt of Commerce from an overhead moving ship. The OPS monitor will flag the flying incoming ship, immediately. The communication system records, double records, and triple records the signal and ship, unless something happens to interfere with the monitoring. I sigh with trickery.
When an unexpected natural phenomenon occurs, it usually blocks all space Intergalactic and Intragalactic transmissions causing continuous static, making it impossible to record, monitor and track ships, comfones or…spies. A rolling thunderstorm might cause an Intragalactic comfone equipment to fail. Too bad!
There must be a system design flaw which is somewhere located in one of the many OPS-stations. I promise to order someone to look into that problem, tomorrow, at eight in the morning, sir.
I giggle with a girly twang, watching for Rann.
I soldierly stand with my knuckles tapping on my kneecaps, studying the beautiful clear bright cloudless cool night air of the night starry evening. I think mentally, Bartholomew and his sweet kiss upon my lips. We had glowed like two stars, together, under a full silver moon. I sigh with duty.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I T-probe with Telepathy and touch Rann’s mind as he flies into the stratosphere of Commerce, I center my Tele-energy on the light breezy air currents, white clouds, and moon heat…(betta ya didn’t know that one)…as the winds swiftly increase. The pretty white clouds collide into loud thunder and turn dark blue, while multiple streaks of yellow lightning beautifully dance across the growing red angry sky. Then, buckets of raindrops, high hurricane winds, white round hail, loud thunder, and yellow lightning cover every square inch of the dark skyline and light land crop fields. I hope the hidden spies of Ira have working umbrellas, giggling.
I spit, coldly. “Surprise!”
I connect the calm winds around Rann’s ship as he pops into my eye sight. I Tele-slam with Telekinesis, retracting a movable roof of the abandoned warehouse.
Rann lowers the big ship into the hidey hole.
He jumps, kitten-like from the eleven-inched hatch doorway deftly landing on two solid black rattlesnake-skinned cowboy booted feet with bend knees in his faded blue jeans as I drop my mouth like a hungry Mama-shark. Rann uprights his handsomeness at me then bows at his waist, parting a single golden fabric vest, without the stone gems, exposing more of his naked chest while I bite my bottom lip with my naughty mental thoughts.
I walk and smile at his sexy charm.
He uprights his naked chest, grabbing my naked dirty hand and kisses, drooling on my five knuckles….way too long. I giggle with a girly twang, finding another gentleman in the universe. I flush in a strawberry red color on my face with embarrassment. I love Bartholomew, but I admire and respect Rann. And, I have mind-cheat and totally betrayed Bartholomew, not in love, only in rescue-action.
I am performing another illegal act, which he doesn’t know about. This one shall be carried into my dirt grave. Bartholomew would flip out over my home guests of the Sickness patients, my new friend Rann in his shiny cowboy boots, my levitation magic Tele tricks, and other alien stuff. I can perform all these feats, without Bartholomew finding out, since my secret is safe with Rann.
Rann is chasing after Rex, the really mean bad guy of the universe. I’m just assisting a little bit Rann, ever once in a while. I sigh with aide.
I jump, T-rex using Telekinesis like an angel, without any wings, too, giggling onto the seven-foot lip of the platform. Rann rushes from the hatchway, grabbing and pulling me close to his naked chest…(yeah, baby). We stand there for 1 second…2 seconds…(the mostest delightful longest two seconds in my life, doll)…just cuddling each other’s body. Then I quickly jerk away from the heated touch, clear my throat, trying to calm a beating heart, a racing pulse, and a clicking set of naught mental thoughts of a bronzed “sand-god.”
I swiftly back step on cowgirl boots towards the opposite side of the platform, smiling with a biggy smile, bobbing my curls, starting my job, a little too late.
I quickly levitate the freaking heavy twenty cots into an empty Cargo Bay through an open hatchway. Rann stands on the opposite side, folding and flexing his fine naked biceps over his chest, watching me, while I watch him, not minding a light mental workout of my mental neurons… (eyes in the rear of my skull, babe).
I swiftly finish, being a supernatural Tele being, parking my fanny, covered in a faded pair of blue jeans that I found in Anna’s old bedroom, along the edge of the hatchway, stretching lengthwise my arms and legs for fun. Rann pads, sitting right beside my left hip watching me as I watch him. He smiles, complimenting. “I’m impressed. You’re very, very talented, Starra.”
I sing in flute music, yawning rudely with an open mouth of needed sleep. “Thank you.” Rann punches my left bicep with his elbow for fun, shifting closer to my cool body with his heated frame, leaning into my profile.
“Too bad, I can’t recruit you to join me. I have great benefits.” Rann deepens his wicked smile, teasing me in a sexy baritone trombone as I blush in a tinted candy pink over golden freckles. He always does this to me compliments, and then flirts, all at the same time.
I nosily clear my dry throat, saying. “Thanks for the offer, again, Rann. But, BA and the other simple minded nobles on this side of the Wall need my talents, too.” I giggle along with Rann’s chuckle at that stupid innocent statement.
He stands then leaps, T-rex using his Telekinesis, then twirls into a somersault, showing off his T-talents for me, landing his boots upon a hard tile, without a freaking humming bird sound. I stand, walking to the edge of the freighter’s lip, seeing his magnificent Tele performance. He swings his face and boots in a perfect pivot, holding both biceps parallel to the tile, teasing.
“Rex is going to be very surprised and displeased, tomorrow, at eight in the morning. I wish I could see his face.” Rann laughs as I laugh.
“I’m going to be on time for my shift at work, so he doesn’t suspect me of any wrong doing.” We both laugh with a mischievous timbre.
Rann bends at his kneecaps, T-jumps with Telekinesis back upon the lip of the platform right beside my left cowgirl boot. He looks his face down at my boots, wrinkling his forehead, ugly. “Like your boots, Starra! Is the outer skin…,” dumps without finishing, when a big gigantic lightning bolt cracks across the roof tiles. I forget to cut off the thunderstorm happening outside. I wave a right hand, making it quiet outside, while the air molecules still inside the abandoned warehouse. Rann smiles. “You’re good, darling.”
“My…,” boots are.
Rann pulls me into his face and chest for a second time, when I stop breathing air. He smiles, whispering. “Thank you, Lady Starra. You’re saved innocent lives and increased my Tele army.” He doesn’t release his cuddle, while I stare and smiling into his brown dancing eyeballs.
My boot toes touch his boot toes, “You’re very welcome, Prince Rann. I hope that I can return the favor…(giggles)…some day.” I grin and flirt back for fun, since I have a boyfriend, whom I love very much. Stop this and go home!
“I’ll think about that. I’m certain that I can find a single favor for you to return for me, in the near future.” Rann whispers into my right eardrum, wrapping his biceps around my shoulder and waist, then bends his kneecaps. He jumps, T-rex from the freight’s platform, spinning and swinging us, together like a yo-yo in the air.
We gently land on the hard tile like an upright rocket missile, while I grin and giggle with a silly smile. I swiftly scoot my boots away from Rann, giggling into his dark eyes, feeling the tinkling as he swiftly lifts to his lips, kissing my dirty naked right hand, very slowly….holding way too long.
I giggle with silliness, pulling away from Rann, while he bows at a waist with respect. He uprights then leaps, T-rex using his Telekinesis like a beauty eagle into the air. He spins and swings like an arrow in the breeze, landing deftly on his boots onto the platform. He swings his face towards me, rumbling through my bones a sexy baritone trombone. “Good night, Lady Starra.”
I fling my right five finger pads next to my eyeball like a silly teen. Wait! I am a silly teen and tweet in flute soprano, “Bye, Rann. Good luck…”
“…to us all.” He adds, smiling and nodding his skull to me, then twists his body towards the cockpit.
I scoot back on boots from the five afterburners, not desiring to be flame broiled, watching Rann settle into the cockpit. He activates the gear controls as the heavy ship vertical floats like magic into the nasty Navy blue sky.
I trigger a new swirling T-storm, showing off my T-powers by flashing prettily three set of yellow bolts of lightning over OPS. I purposefully knock out the sensitive radar sensors, during Rann’s successful escape from Planet Commerce, grinning and giggling like a mischievous kid that has stole the cookie jar.
I’m totally wrong about a dashing and dangerous Rann, being a very nice gentleman with good manners as well as an intriguing, mysterious guy. I ponder a lot of naughty mental thoughts, doing a T-dash back home to the castle for my beauty sleep. I sigh with interest.

Day 16. OPS. six in the morning. “Good morning, Ensign Bob!” I express with a lovely tone, entering the glass doors. Bob turns to face me with a bright grin, nodding his skull, once to his superior officer and super friend. I giggle like a silly kid, moving to my assigned work station.
Bob introduces. “Good morning, Commander Starra!” He steps beside me and chats. “Did you see that spectacular lighting and thunderstorm last night?”
I giggle for more attention with a bigger smile. “Thank you.” Bob slows his pace as I slow mine, then he views me with his mouth open for the fishing hook.
Bob inquires with tomcat curiosity. “What did you say?”
I gurgle then cough then ponder something stupid. “O! Think like you…the storm, but I must’ve missed most of it. I’m heavy sleeper, very heavy sleeper.”
Bob studies my profile and I hope he likes it. I’m plan on spending the rest of my time working out of his eye sight. He stops then I stop. He views me then I view him. Bob says. “I should get to my work station.” He nods as we depart our separate ways.
I jump, kitten-like and make a ton of noise in my cowgirl boots on the elevated platform, since they’re really for riding a stallion rounding up herds of cattle. The platform holds my plain empty three feet long by three feet wide by two feet depth dang desk…(that’s small). I quietly sit in the cold metal folding chair as it mice squeaks with pain from my light weight, picking up my mini-bot that no one bothered to steal…(honest folks, here).
I barely read the communication reports from last night, since I hope the answer, nothing is there. I flip the screen and read intergalactic comfone transmission reports are 0.0. Good! There’s no evidence that I have communicated with Rann from my castle on Commerce to Sahara.
I flip to the next screen, seeing the intragalactic comfone transmission reports are over five million which represent the folks of Commerce talking to their Mama, Daddy, and dead Grandma in Heaven. Geez!
I swish to the next screen, reading incoming ships reports are 0.0. Good! There are no traces of Rann’s cargo ship trailing from Sahara to Commerce at the abandoned warehouse. The outgoing ships reports are 0.0. Great! Rann’s ship wasn’t tracked leaving Commerce towards the Wall.
I flip fast through the useless data and hit the last page of the short report. I read a severe thunderstorm knocked out all communication lines at three in the morning until four in the morning. I sigh with happiness.
I hear with eardrums, before I see with eyeballs as It advances with Its scary parts into OPS, my most favorite citizen in entire galaxy, next to my second most favorite citizen in the universe, Rita, along with my first most favorite citizen in the universe, Dirk. Tom snail-like walks ten inches then stops and sneezes, retrieving a dirty handkerchief from his neatly ironed and pressed blue jacket, blowing his red nose. I wear my old stinky black turtleneck, matching skirt, and cute cowgirl boots. I sigh with disappointment.
Tom starts snail-walking for another twenty inches, stops, coughs, and then gallops to the water fountain against the wall, slurping the cool water then uprights, wiping his wet mouth with the sleeve of his neatly ironed and pressed blue jacket. Then he swings to me, walking, snail-like for another thirteen inches…(yeah, I’m a ruler)….stops and sneezes a gob of green snot. I nosily gag on my mouth spit and swiftly turn my face, looking for that pesky cockroach. I loudly hear the footpads near the platform of my work station. I face flip to Tom. I sigh with germs.
I sing in flute music. “Tommy…,” giggling with a girly twang, adding a toothy smile, and a bright personality to his lousy day. “How ya doing this glorious and fine morning?”
Tom croaks like a pond toad with his congested nose and raw throat. “Not feeling, very well.”
I purse my lips, tightly, bobbing my skull up and down several times in silence agreement for fun. I add for revenge. “Look awful, too, Major. Caught a bug?” Tom steps upon the platform as I slam the metal fold from my body, pacing on boots backwards from his invisible germs. He sneezes another batch of thick green snot, while I flip face to the desk and breathe really deeper.
Tom croaks “Caught outside, during a severe thunderstorm, last night.” I eye burn the floor, trying not to vomit puke green goo on his spit and shiny boots, noting that Rann’s correct about Ira’s spies. One of them stands before me, here, present in flesh and blood. Pretending, he was playing in nasty rain for fun that I created last night for Rann’s escape. I sigh with revenge.
I recommend with a low sneer like a baby grizzle bear. “You need a doc, maybe medicine, Major.” Tom opens his mouth to breathe oxygen like a dying fish as I finger point at the exit door.
Tom repeats, without me using a T-prod of Telepathy. “Doctor, medicine. I will…,” sneezing a ton of green snot then whispers, “…leave.” He grabs the handkerchief from his neatly ironed and pressed blue jacket as I jump, T-rex, slamming my fanny into the metal of the comlen. I don’t really want to catch his bacteria. I sigh with healthy.
I nod, covering my mouth and nose sounding like a sea dolphin. “Good idea, Major. You don’t want all of us at the Military base becoming ill, then we can’t fight off the invading attacking forces..,” insulting him and his lower intelligence.
Tom bobs his swollen brain up and down, once. “Good point. You’re in charge of OPS, Commander.” He slowly turns then snail-walks towards the door, stopping and sneezing along the way until gone with the wind as I giggle with revenge. I sigh with satisfaction.
I motion for Sbot to my princess stance as the bot hovers near my face. I press a speaker button that communicates an overhead message, in case of an emergency raid, announcing. “Attention! This is Commander Starra, second-in-charge of OPS. I…have decided that we need a breakfast break, which commences…right now. Everyone head to the Mess Hall for…(giggles)….free food. That is my order.” I smile and see the first two young males gallop like thoroughbred horses racing to be first through the closed set of Mess Hall doors, then viewing many citizens, who run, jog, and stroll from the Comlen rooms, Comfone rooms, and Administration offices into the Mess Hall for free food. I sigh with fun.
I impatiently watch and wait for quiet then boldly strut to the private office lounging against the west wall getting warmed by an afternoon sun, My naked desk and I receive a cold morning burn and then a cool afternoon ice on ten feet long by twelve feet wide footpad platform, exposing me to the earth elements of wind, fire, and ice.
I twist Tom’s knob. Locked.
I curse that little nasty word, which I don’t know the exact meaning. I have a very good idea, since I just need confirmation from a native. “Stang!” I T-pop with Telekinesis by waving my index finger nail at the stubborn metal. Click! Tom has forgotten to lock his office latch as I snort like a wild boar.
I enter and walk three steps then stop, examining the room with eyeballs. Wow! His workplace is so nice and so big and so pretty with a soft white long sofa, a large desk, lining a big nice window, viewing tall green trees, a blue sky, and a yellow sun. I work on three feet by three feet table, containing no desk compartments for my pink shaded lipstick along with no padding on the chair for my beautiful bee_hind surrounded by three fugly ugly gigantic loud comlens. I sigh with injustice.
The middle comlen is 150-inches in diameter showing a sphere-shaped outline of Planet Commerce, compliments of satellite spy network of Ira, The left comlen plays still fotos of the Royal Castle, just what I want to see each morning at six, Rex getting dressed for the day. Ugh! I shudder both physically and mentally with that vile and foul mental pic. The right comlen feeds views of a live entrance point of OPS, sometimes, I feel that all three comlens are actually stalking me. Stop it, Starra!
I search with ten finger pads the top left first drawer inside the desk. Empty. Second drawer? Empty. Third drawer? Empty. “Stang!” I whisper, since I’m not supposed to be here. I sigh with disappointment.
I know the thing is in, here. Tom is more clever than I. I can’t just Tele-view it. Objects are very hard to find with T-powers rather than one or two of a simple minded and very heated life forms. I believe that I just found my first weakness in my T-powers. I sigh with frustration.
I have all day long to search for it, since Tom is almost dead. I pull the top right drawer, first opening and seeing. Empty! I complete my search and conclude that all the dang drawers are empty, not enough currs to buy office supplies, because he used It to buy a long nine-drawer credenza behind my fanny. I attack the wood for the object. I slam the last drawer with angry, since it’s empty, too. Think. Think fast. Think faster.
I stomp my cowgirl boots around the desk, straight to the closet, slamming open the door, seeing a second iron and pressed blue jacket on the hanger. Tom has a second uniform, in case of damage…from me. I sigh with an accident coming.
I push the jacket to the right against the wall, pressing ten finger pads on the left side of the wall, moving downward towards the white plush carpet, feeling something, shifting both hands to the carpet and lay them flat my breasts, hips, legs, and boot toes on the softness. I eye burn the wall corner, seeing a separate hidden panel inside the bottom left side of the closet. I T-view with Teleclairvoyance and see a little light of colored beams ranging from red to pink. Found it. I sigh with happiness.
I smash the panel with the palm of my hand as the hidden panel rattles, then retracts out and then up into a hidden slot. I grab Tom’s personal mini-bot, then scoot by boots and bee_hind out the closet, sitting cross-legged on the thick pretty white expensive carpet, thinking of peeing on the fabric. Instead, I quickly boot-up the mini-bot, watching the pretty lights blink red and green displaying the Military logo…(didn’t know)…a black-colored circle with two crossed daggers in gold and silver in the middle of the diameter. Whatever!
I swiftly scroll through a menu to the blinking prompt, typing NEW. I snicker like a sly weasel. Too easy! I set a new space comfone line for General Starbuck then snort like a wild boar. No one knows General Starbuck, which will take twice as long to track to me, if someone gets curious about the space line or happens to be a bot geek genius like me, giggling.
The comlen displays a new access code of 1313, since I desire a private, secure, scrambled, and non traceable comfone line for Starra…(me)…to contact Rann, anytime. I might be needing some immediately assistance with more Sickness patient rescues or rescuing me.
I replace the mini-bot, the panel, the closet door, and the office door then return to my assigned seat. I play an electronic War-game on my mini-bot, accidentally discovering it, yesterday, while doing nothing, again, today. I love my job. I sigh with fun.
The three comlens behind my fanny wave in pretty rows of silver then vocally blast into my eardrums with a baritone tuba of Ira. “Attention! Citizens of the Universe. His Royal Majesty King Rex has an important announcement.” I flip the chair around and stare at the comlens, seeing a neatly ironed and pressed blue medium uniform with a thick purple sash decorating with an assortment of colored medals and tiny pins, standing next to fat Ira. Rex is short, like me, but Rita is tall like Rann. I ponder, what I should eat tonight for supper.
Rex states. “I have the unpleasant job of giving the most regrettable news that…huh…”
Ira blocks the comfone with his fat hand, whispering softly into Rex’s right eardrum as I roar with jungle cat laughter, slapping my knee with my right hand, while holding the mini-bot with my left.
I tattle. “I know your secret, Rex.”
Rex’s lips moves slowly, then yells with rocket liftoff, so loud, that the comfone picks up a single transmission. “What?” Then he twists his short frame towards a curtain, exiting the podium as Ira replaces Rex’s position, nosily clears his throat, while I giggle and watch with intriguing interest.
Ira talks in his baritone tuba. “His Royal Majesty, King Rex, solo Ruler of the Universe and Commander of the Military has been called to an urgent emergency meeting…”
“…inside the bathroom during his dookie time…,” making it up for fun. I continue blasting my toy maser at the computer villains on my mini-bot, giggling.
Ira lies really well, “…..Commander of the Military will return later in the day to inform his subjects of the new datum.” The pretty rows of silver static returns and occupies the comlens.
I eye ball the new battle field inside the electronic game on the mini-bot, giggling for fun, more. Then, my normal acute vision watches the shiny cylinder machine glide through archway to me. “Mbot, welcome!” I greet in flute music with eyeballs on my game, since I’m winning the golden ring of death against the flying rats. I giggle.
“Are you…,” Mbot drones.
I play the game, frowning. “Mbot, do you recognize my face?”
Mbot hovers right beside my left temple. “Affirmative! You are the first noble of Bonita Lady Starra.”
I beat on the buttons doing war with the ocean serpents. “Why do you ask me, who I am every time I see you?” I press more buttons during the chase on fire-breathing dragons with the sword.
Mbot drones. “This is part of my programming to ask who you are each time I meet you. It is a direct order by King Rex.”
 I thumb the sliding pedal as I crash into the draw bridge in the flying automobile, killing me and the dragon. “Redundant coding…,” nitpicking at Rex’s stupid command.
Mbot drones. “I cannot comprehend your question, please re-phrase, Lady Starra.”
I ride the tidal wave inside the bike onto the fiery beach. “Just continue with your programming, gimme the message.” I drive the magic carpet over the volcano, dying.
Mbot drones. “Are you Lady Starra?”
I leap from the car onto the balcony to rescue the ugly gut, who looks like Rex. “Yeah, the one and only.” I fight with folded fists the one-eyed monster that looks like Dirk, giggling with amusement.
Mbot drones. “King Rex has ordered a noble meeting at nine in the morning. Attendance is required. No exceptions.” Mbot back flies out the open door. I view to see that weird-o bot maneuver then stand, tossing gently the mini-bot upon the empty desk.
I stomp cowgirl boots down the platform. I curse with that undefined nasty word that I like to use when heavily miffed. “Stang!” I sigh with annoyance.

Rex’s castle. Meeting. afternoon. I enter the same familiar noble room on the second level of the royal pain in the fanny palace. My cowgirl boots suddenly halt inside the archway and rudely stare at the colored sardines packed in sweaty water that smells of bad B.O. I sigh with vomit.
I see Bartholomew with Zak beside Lad, who wears his ridicule Military uniform. Lad’s outfit designs like last year’s Halloween costume. It has a short blue coat cut off at his belly button paired with a pair of long coat tails flapping against his big buttocks in the rear. The twin coat tails are far away from the twin set of dangling fringed golden ropes of tassels along his shoulder pads. It also decorates in funny-colored Nature-scout patches of woodlands and animals mixed with many numerous colorful dangling silver and gold medals and assorted small vivid pins. He pairs it with a pair tight white cotton pants, neatly tucked into a pair of black knee boots, exhibiting his sleek fashion style around to the Military sites, without Rex. Since, Ira kicks his fanny off the star ship for all citizens to admire or laugh.
I press my back muscles against a single peach-colored space available in crowded smelly room. I sigh with irritation.
Rex enters the room and stands at the newly etched wooden podium, talking into the wood, since he’s short. “This information is labeled as classified top secret. The twenty Sickness patients are missing.” I sigh with approval.
“Maybe, they recovered and walked out of hospital…,” voicing from one of many nameless officers as I snort with bad taste along with Zak. Bartholomew swishes his neck around for the culprit. Lad plays with his tassel.
Rex rotates his neck muscles attached to his angry sneer like an alligator to each nostril inside the crowded room then yells at the wood. “The only cure for the Sickness is death. They’re gone and vanished, missing like a smoke of dust.” The boots shuffle against the tiles as I stare at Rex between subtle smirks and giggles of my deep dark secret.
A nameless Officer touchdowns, without the football and arm motions. “Sire, did an illegal ship cart them away in the middle of the night, during the thunderstorm, without our knowledge?” I cover my lips with a cupped hand, hiding the secret answer, again.
Rex snorts like an angry bull. “OPS?” He sings in high tenor as I jump, kitten-like and upright my body, hitting my shoulder blades against the wall, since that’s me.
I nosily clear my throat for fun and stretch the true towards the Wall. “No ships reported arriving or departing the planet, last night.” Rann’s ship isn’t listed on the official OPS Communication report. I checked this morning. I didn’t really lie. I sigh with deceit.
Rex parks his folded fists on a blue uniform as the medals ding like church bells and orders. “Does that clarify my problem? I want these patients found. Or…I will be hanging twenty officers from my gallows in the Stadium, tomorrow. Dismissed!” He swings his body and exits, first then rows of boots exit, second. I follow behind Zak as Bartholomew holds my hand. I giggle with silliness, since I might be rescuing more anxious citizens, tonight.

Bartholomew’s castle. Dining-room. afternoon. I lunch on good food and good company with Ivy, Zak, and Bartholomew making me very happy as well as the leading topic at the Dinner-table. I nod, smiling, holding her folk of food. “I’m happy that they escaped. Someone in this town is a good Samaritan.” That’s me, the Good Samaritan. I chew on the chicken breast.
“I’d say an angel sent from heaven….” another brilliant compliment from Zak, which is a better description. I chew.
Bartholomew cocks his face, studying me. “Starra, you’re awfully quiet. You’re usually so opinioned.”
I chew my food then swallow the lump, scratching my itchy nose with an index finger. “Opinioned!? I’m not opinioned. I have a lot of different viewpoints….,” debating with intrigue. “Anyways, I’m happy the patients have mysteriously disappeared like Ivy tells.”
Ivy stands from the table, checking her wrist watch as eye balls watch her check her wrist watch. She exhales. “I apology! I’m needed at the hospital. Everyone have a nice day. Goodbye.” Zak stands next, holding her hand.
He exhales. “I must return to the food warehouse and solve the next crisis.” They exit.
Bartholomew leans heavy into my face and sweet breathes with a silly grin. “I’m traveling to Agri, this morning. Why don’t you come with me, Starra?”
I swallow the lump of food, smile, nod, and bounce my boot toes under the table. “I’d love to see your home planet.”

Planet Agri. Bartholomew’s castle. Barn. blue sky. white clouds. 72ºF. afternoon. Agri swirls from outer space in the colors of dark and light green, dark, and light blue colors. From the stratosphere I see lots of mountain ranges, small oceans, valleys of crops, numerous single homesteads for both citizens and livestock. Surrounding the castle, I view miles of asymmetric rows of green fields, crops of wheat, corn, soybeans, and hay. The green hilly pasture lands are filled with cattle, horses, goats, lamas, and sheep. Plenty of red dirt terrain show unplowed fields with blue waters forming numerous ponds, lakes, two seaside ports for transporting crops, and livestock by star ship. My heart swells with happiness. I miss my farm of plants, flowers, bushes, trees, animals, and family members on Earth. I sigh with sadness.
Bartholomew swiftly pilots through the clouds and perfectly lands on the dirt pad. He pops his hatch and then runs around the bumper of the zipper, extracting me by hand from the ship. We walk and stroll the runway of tall over story trees, leading to a gravel path towards a big house with a true gentleman and a fellow romantic of forest life. I sigh with delight.
I immediate sniff the odors of sweet honeysuckles, ripped strawberries, and fresh flower fragrances, walking down the yellow-colored brick road lining with shaded trees that dance over the zillion flowers of roses, daisies, lilies, marigolds, and violets as tiny brown squirrels peek and boo along our path towards the house. Red and blue birds navigate a welcoming aerial dance as tabby felines fly into the sky chasing their future supper of winged mammals.
Bartholomew tenderly slaps the collar bone of farm worker squatting in the dirt with a friendly exchange. “Good morning, Nic. How ya doing this beautiful day?”
“Doing very well, Baron. The flowers are blooming early from the cool showers we have going this month. Good morning, Miss?” Nick nods at me. I grin. Then, Nic returns to planting the new set of red tulips inside the dirt flower bed.
We stroll to the entrance of mansion which looks like an earthquake smashed three separate distinct houses, together, forming an ugly sprawling castle, consisting of wood fresh green logs, natural silver limestone, and red clay bricks surrounded by a deep Hunter green painted on wood trim.
We stomp on the front porch lined with four rocking chairs on each side of a double framed wooden squared archway which is painted in Hunter green. Bartholomew slides to the right the door scooting into the Foyer that paints in mint green along with the theme of Baron’s ancestry, which I learned from the Book…(yeah, I study). The first noble families were really stupid.
The first nobles escaped from Earth in a big rush or maybe they were kicked off Earth. I’m still researching the fairy tale for that true answer. Yeah! Bot didn’t know the answer from his databanks, either.
Anyways, the first nobles could only bring certain stuff like family members, foodstuffs, animals, flowers, and a few cans of paint. So, the star ships landed on their new home world. Then, the nobles designated their claims on parts of nature they liked by painting their specific color on their tree bark, across their red dirt, and along their limestone, and at their family outhouse. Ya know, ya’ll! When ya land on an alien planet, there aren’t a lot of brand new structures to occupy only the tree leaves, earth soil, fresh creeks, and lots of bird crap.
The nobles selected one color to mark their territory like a Woof dog and entitled their persons after a royal-tee. Baron is green. King is purple. Count is white. Marquis is indigo. Lord is chartreuse. Priest is blue. Viscount is silver. Duke is yellow. Prince is gold. And, I digress.
I scan with eyeballs the Agri-castle, the floor, the walls, the ceiling, the wall trimmings, the staircase, and the furniture pieces all paint in shades of the color green like my throat vomit, when I’m sick. I giggle with a girly twang.
The fair skinned short queen-sized female with a bun of black hair with gray strands greets and hugs Bartholomew, smiling. “Hello, honey.” Hello, honey!? I curl my upper right lip, right up into my nostril, which isn’t a good pose for my pretty face. Then, I softly snarl like an attacking jungle cat readying to cut your flesh off your body. Bartholomew giggles and wiggles in her roaming hands while warmingly roam across BA’s back, then he uprights and rolls her to his left side.
Bartholomew grins at her. “Good afternoon to you, too, Maria.” He rudely finger points and intros me. “Starra, I want you to meet my lady of the house.” My heart drops to the pink-painted toe nails as my eyeballs dizzy with her ugly face. Rosa, Rann, Rex, Rita, Dirk, Bot or Bartholomew has never #!@ing ever mentioned a wife.
Maria chuckles like a farm turkey, slapping tenderly his chest with a single hand. She views me, saying. “If ya mean, am I the lady that does the cooking, cleaning, ironing, laundering, and tidying for Baron. That’s me!” She helps keep the home and Bartholomew running smoothly as I nod my skull and smile brightly, extending a right hand for my acceptance of her domestic duty.
“Maria, this is my friend.” Bartholomew still finger points, without the tender touching on me.
Maria chuckles like a farm turkey and I smile like a Southern belle. She touches my finger pads, shaking my hand. “I’m not blind, Baron. Everyone knows Lady Starra. Pleasure to finally meet ya, Lady Starra! Baron has been selfish for too long.” Marie doesn’t release the handshake but smiles.
I smile and try to pull away. “The pleasure is mine, Maria. Thank you for the wonderful introduction to your homestead.” Maria grabs my single hand and claps both her warm palms around my knuckles, smiling and nodding and staring at me.
Bartholomew grabs my shoulders, pulling me away. “We’re going riding, see ya later, Maria.” He views me, smiling. “Forget the house tour for now. I want to introduce you to my best friend in the universe.” I sigh with surprise.
Bartholomew drags me out the back door over the bricked patio, by the swimming pool, though the Rose garden, down the miles of stone wall and into the green-painted wooden barn with many vertical red stalls as faces of horses and ponies peer outside for the newest visitors. Bartholomew stops as the white head appears. Bartholomew introduces, stroking the silky white mane. “This is Boe, my stallion.” The steed is a white Appalachian breed. I present my closed fist then open with a bright red apple to his muzzle. Bartholomew chuckles like a silly clown and giggle with flute music.
I greet. “Hello, Boe!” He sniffs the ripped fruit then bites into the skin, jerking a thick pink tongue into his open mouth, crashing with big horse teeth as juice sprays my hand and turtleneck. I giggle with delight. “We’re friends for life.”
Bartholomew views me, forming his mouth in the letter, O. Then, he frowns with surprise. “You’re familiar with horses. Can you ride, Starra?”
I nod my curls, grinning and giggling. “I’ve been around horses all my life. I enjoy riding and jumping over streams and fences.”
Bartholomew wrinkles his forehead, ugly and twists his lips, uglier at me as I stare at him. He says with shock. “I didn’t realize Bonita had horse ranches. I was taught, the soil was to dry to form fertile pasture lands.” I part my lips like a breathing fish, since I’m a fake native of Bonita, not an alien from Earth.
Say something quick and clever! I tattle, honestly. “I’m from…the south region….of my planet,” giggling. “Ya know! There are…a few patches of green grass for at least one or two horses.” I grin and giggle the flip face to the wall corner searching for that creepy cockroach and ask. “Where are the saddles?”
“I see.” Bartholomew words softly as another white head emerges from the next door stall, a smaller Appalachian horse. He gently strokes the white mane and intros. “This is Doe, his sister. They’re twins.” I swing my face and smile at Doe, producing a second bright red apple in my left hand. When we passed the apple tree, during our brisk stroll I performed a T-probe on Bartholomew’s open carefree mind for fun, learning the surprise.
I greet. “Hi there, girl! Want to be my friend, too?” Bartholomew laughs like a farm turkey as I swing my face at him and wink.
Bartholomew nod. “You’re good.” Doe eats the apple, stomping her front hoofs for more food as I magically produce a new apple in right palm. Doe quickly nibbles fruit, shaking her head up and down with horsey approval. Bartholomew orders to the standing by stable boy. “Gus, we’re ready for riding.”
“Yes, Baron.” Gus answers, moving to escort Doe out of her stall to the free standing two ladder wooden step stool for me to mount the steed. The beasts are decorated with their leather saddles. Bartholomew walks me to Doe. He holds my hand as I step upon the small stool, then he man-lifts me into the air with his biceps. I straddle the saddle with my legs, while I giggle with flute music with the gentleman of the universe.
I graciously accept his generosity, since I can leap, T-rex into saddle by T-power, without falling off. I giggle with fun. Bartholomew is so sweet and kind to me. I desperately desire to tell the truth about me, an alien from Planet Earth. I will do it, tomorrow. It’s too pretty of a day and too wonderful a moment for me. I sigh with motive.
Doe trots slowly beside Bartholomew through the flowers, out the Spanish moss-covered wooden gates, into the open green pasture field, into an over story tree hiking a path towards the woodlands mountain. Doe instantly falls behind Boe, blocking the light chat with Bartholomew. He calls out and identifies every single tree, bird, flora, bush, and rock while I ignore the up front noise.
I see purple, pink, orange, and yellow wild flowers; oak, maple, pine tall trees; robins, bluebirds, sparrows, eagles sit and fly, while wood peckers hammer out an old dead tree trunk for a new home along with the snoozing owls, flying squirrels, and a few cute white tail deer. The deer carefully watch us then suddenly realize that there might be a couple of wild bears or hunting cougars, then run far away. I snort like a wild boar with my silly notion. Rex is more dangerous than any over protective mama Grizzly bear with her two cubs, because he’s capable of killing, without any sane reason. I sigh with duty.
Boe slows allowing Doe to trot beside him, traveling the mountain path with easy, when Boe immediately stops at the top of mountain peak. Doe pads to his right. I see everything on the highest point of the mountain top, whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings, not wanting to disturb the beauty. “This is breath taking.” I photo mind the thousands of tall green trees, a blue sparkling river splitting into smaller ponds as flying colored birds soar towards the water for food and flowers, then dance with the wind to a silence song. 
Bartholomew leans his cheekbone against my left eardrum. “This is only a fraction of my world, Starra.” I choke with fond memories of my plantation, matching this alien world, feeling flip flops of butterflies. My beating heart tries to punch out my chest cavity as Bartholomew touches his five finger pads to both my hands over the horn of the saddle. He says, softly. “I want to show you, another spot.” I nod my curls as Bartholomew kicks the belly of Boe, leading to the left.
I can’t take my eyeballs off the blue shimmering lake and the rainbow colored waterfall, where flying yellow fish splash into the water. All of this is untouched nature growing along with expanding pretty overhanging trees. We stroll into Agri’s fantasy land of glistening blue lakes, singing birds, dancing wildflowers, and deep green willow tree slender leaves tickle my nose.
We cross the moss covered brown wooden bridge which is patched with a fresh new pine lumber from repair. Horse hoofs tick and tap over the wood planks into a secret place, consisting of a tiny crooked crystal stream between two intersecting oak trees with a dark wooden picnic table perfect for two people. Bartholomew leans into my face and sweet breathes. “Mom and I spent our bonding time in this place.”
Doe stops automatically like a red traffic light as Bartholomew hops from Boe. I slide off, too, while Bartholomew removes both saddles settling on a post horizontal wooden railing keeping the moisture of water off the leather. The horses drop their muzzles and munch on the new baby grass blades as we walk in our bare feet, and playfully splash in the shallow stream. The cool water refreshes my feet and my emotions with ease and pleasure. Bartholomew softly talks in my eardrum, holding my hand about his home, his planet, and his galaxy, while I carefully listen. I desperately desire to tattle about my home, my planet, and my galaxy, too. I sigh with alien.
We park on the soft blanket cuddling inside his chest against the silky shirt with our bare naked toes in the shallow creek as Bartholomew says. “My grandfather had a vision for all of Agri and her citizens to share in all the planet’s resources and treasures. So, he set up a democracy within Rex’s world.”
I nod my curls then giggle. “My grandfather was a visionary, also.”
Bartholomew wrinkles his forehead, twisting his lips, and screwing his eyebrow, ugly at me. “Rosa said you were orphaned as a baby.” I flip face to the oak tree roots, searching for that creepy cockroach.
I wished that Rosa had supplied me the Christmas list of lies she spread, before she died. I can’t continue to keep retracting every freak fairy tale. I sigh with dishonesty.
I swing my face to him and lie honestly. “She told me…narratives of my deceased family members to help me find my identity and importance as a Bonitian citizen. Rosa is….was my mother, father, sister, brother, aunt, uncle, and cousin…(breathe)…all rolled into one.” I grin with a stupid grin. I sigh with worry.
Bartholomew blinks his eyelids once, twice then thrice. “I see,” exhaling. “My Business-partners enjoy the benefits of Grandfather’s hard work. I stride hard to follow my Grandfather’s objectives every day. Rann…”
“Rann!?” I sing in piccolo music, frowning, “I thought…you seem more like enemies then friends.”
Bartholomew presents a set of duck lips, ugly. “I do not approve of Rann’s methods, socially, that is, but economically, he supports my…(chuckles)…rebel ideas.” Bartholomew sniggers like a sly weasel.
“Do you find that strange or odd?”
“No! Should I? He’s a noble, without any noble blood, of course. But Rann is noble in his heart and does a good job with the convicted prisoners.” I nod my curls in silence acknowledgement as Bartholomew view our feet in the steam with a sad tone. “All that doesn’t matter, now. War has started.”
I views our feet. “Do you trust Rann?”
“No.” Bartholomew sings in bass drum.
“Then, you believe him, the enemy?” I swing my face and see that Bartholomew shakes his skull. “Do you trust Rex?”
He views me. “Yes. “ He pauses for handsomeness then grabs both my hands into his chest. He sings in bass drum. “Starra,” exhaling like he’s going to vomit. He says, softly. “I can here,” pausing then grins. “I became infatuated with you at the Game, admiring your beautiful face, elegant grace, and witty charm, but I have learned to respect your strong willpower and mental strength. I’ve never met another person in the galaxy like you…Lady Starra.”
He fiddles with his left trouser’s pocket, pulling a tiny black velveteen box out, then cracks open the box revealing a fat glittery diamond ring. He kneecaps in the creek on his right knee, holding the ring his left hand. He caresses both my hands with his right finger pads then says. “I give this ring as a show of my continuous love, affection, and devotion to you, sweetheart. I want you to be the only Baroness of Agri, darling. Lady Starra, I love you! Will you please marry me?” He smiles and slips the ring upon my left hand.
My heart swiftly thumps. My hands rapidly sweat. My neurons clicks that he loves me…Earthling Starra…Lady Starra…Commander Starra. And I, too, am in love with Bartholomew. They say love makes you deaf, mute, and blind, and stupid dumb, because I almost forget to answer his marriage proposal. I nosily clear the mouth salvia, singing in piccolo music. “Yes!” I kiss his lips as he kisses my lips then kiss for…1 seconds. 2 seconds. 3 seconds. 4 seconds…

Planet Commerce. Starra’s castle. Living-room. full romantic moon. 71°F. evening. I smile and sing love songs in off-key music of both flute and clarinet notes, after the Agri mini-party with Bartholomew and the house staff. He flew us back to Commerce for my solo trip to my castle for the night and my second day of War-work, tomorrow morning.
I love living here, being happy and looking forward to marrying Bartholomew on Agri in his mansion then become Baroness Starra.
My T-powers ping. Everything is fine, darling.
I park the ship in the garage and jog to the bathroom, peeing, bathing, and then dressing in a pink dress. I stretch out with straight pin legs upon the new sofa from Rex and lovingly admire my great big fat four-caret shiny and glittery engagement ring. The gem stone fits my ring finger on my left hand, perfectly. I sigh with total happiness.
The front porch door burps like a fog horn, reminding me to fix the thing. I gallop to the wood and slam off the nails, seeing unhappily both Zak and Bartholomew with big ugly frowns on their faces. I inquire with kitty-cat curiosity. “What has happened?”
Bartholomew steps into the room, whispering like delicate butterfly’s wings into my face. “Ivy has contracted the Sickness. She’s in the Isolation ward at the Hospital.” I scan Zak as tears rolls down his face with fear, fright, and confusion. Bartholomew continues. “We just came from the ward. They told us to go home and…”
I part my lips like a dying fish with shock, jerking his arm into the room. “Come inside, ya’ll.” I order as they stumble into the tiles. I peek around the archway and double-check the outside view for any of Rex’s spies, then slap the wood shut and lock the latch. I swing around and trot to Bartholomew.
Zak words softly. “Rex is going to kill her along with the others tomorrow…,” walking zombie-like towards the wall then leans his tallness against the coolness of the fresh paint.
I growl like a jungle cat, shake my long silver mane then extend my kitty-claws…pretend, of course. I say. “Not on my watch, follow me.” I forcefully grab each man’s forearm, dragging them into the Kitchen in front of the comlen.
“What are we going to do, Starra?” Zak words, softly as Bartholomew eye burns the dirty floor. I rapidly type 1313 into my private comfone then for…1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds, then his face appears upon the comlen.
Dirk sneers with love. “Starra, I thought you dead.”
I giggle and grin at silly Dirk then princessly command. “Wrong, snot-nose! Put Rann on the line.”
Dirk snarls his lips, ugly and doesn’t disappear. “Whom shall I say is calling Lady Starra or Commander Starra?”
I smart-hole with a sweet smile. “That’s Empress Starra to you…”
“Promoted already, that’s fast.” He viciously mocks and laughs in tenor.
I tease. “Usually by assassination or attrition, do ya want to try one?” Dirk disappears from the comlen and my eyeballs, hopefully forever more would be really nice, noting that man greatly dislikes me. I do not like him, either. Our battle is coming soonest, since my T-powers work, too perfectly. I sigh with trouble.
Rann appears with a smile, seeing the profile of my guests, reducing his lips to a slight smirk. He says the proper noble greeting. “Good evening Lady Starra, Baron Bartholomew, and Baronet Zak. What can I do for you this pleasant evening?” He does a good job with the social grace of suave rouge. I cut my eyeballs to Bartholomew, who isn’t smiling and stares at Rann, while Zak leans his tallness against the wall for support.
I connect, link, and Tele to Rann. Play along.
Rann nods his skull, very slowly, verifying that he will obey as I fake it for Bartholomew and Zak to hear and follow. I nod. “Prince Rann, good evening! I hope you are doing well, this superb evening. I’m so sorry to disturb your peaceful rest, but King Rex has given me the monumental task of monitoring the food shipments from Agri to your home world of Sahara. I need confirmation of the data, before the shipment is loaded. I have BA and Zak to supervise the correct order.” I pick up the dead mini-bot, tapping with my right two finger pads for the spies monitoring this transmission, then I brilliantly role play. “I have noticed that you are to receive two shipments of food stuffs from Agri for the refugees living on Sahara. I show the tally of 80 refugees. Is this correct, Prince Rann?” I finish my fairy tale, smiling friendly.
Rann pretends really good, flipping thought is dead mini-bot, bobbing his skull up and down. He role plays, too. “I concur with your figure, Lady Starra. There are 80 refugees living with me on Sahara. But I have requested three shipments of food stuffs for free. These people have very high demands and needs.” He cuts his eyeballs to Bartholomew, smirking. “Wouldn’t you agree, BA?” Baron shuffles his body closer to me, pressing his three finger pads lightly to my left arm.
I nod, smiling. “I’m in error, Prince Rann. It is indeed three shipments of free food. The freighters will be arriving at the usual drop point location at the Wall. Could you please verify the coordinators with me?”
“The coordinators are 813.90.” Rann swiftly answers, smiling wickedly.
I say. “The free…Agri food shipments will arrive at the Wall in four hours.” I quickly calculate the pickup of the new set of Sickness patients undetected departing Commerce untracked, and arriving at the Wall unnoticed to greet Rann on time, before I’m discovered.
Rann smile and nods. “I’ll see you in four hours, Starra.”
Bartholomew smashes his face deeply into the comlen like he’s attacking Rann, tossing my body aside. “Lady Starra is not allowed to leave the planet, Rann. There’ll be only the food shipment personnel at the rendezvous point…(smiles)…for your free three ships of Agri product.” I sigh with competition.
Rann sneers like a grizzly bear, being treated less than a prince, quickly smirks, while sliding his face to the side, finding me, saying. “Thank you for that clarification. I’ll talk with you, again Lady Starra….Baron Bartholomew, and Baronet Zak. Rann out!” Static paints on the comfone as Zak shuffles faster than lightning to my face. I smell his bad breathe.
Zak fears the query. “What do you think you’re doing, Starra?” I desire to shout back to him, saving your wife. But I refrain, since I’m committing, yet, another illegal act. Geez, this was becoming a bad habit. I sigh with control.
I stupidly brag. “You don’t want to know. Or, you’ll be in serious trouble, too. Trust me on this, Zak.” I drag them out the Kitchen on their forearms through the dirty Living-room tile onto the leaf-covered front-Porch archway. I carefully advice. “BA, Zak…time for both of ya’ll to leave. Go some place with citizens, like back to the Family Support Center in the Royal castle for the Sickness patients. I want you to be seen and heard. That’ll be your alibi.” I view at Bartholomew and command. “Ivy will need a body guard and a Med Tech for her protection. Is that possible, BA?” I mentally think my plot of supplies and staff that I can’t steal quick enough, myself. I sigh with concern.
Bartholomew nods. “I’ll send them here in ten minutes.”
I nod, slightly smiling. “Don’t worry! Everything’s going to be fine.” I kiss his cheek then shove Bartholomew away from the frame. I slap the wood, twisting my body toward my bedroom. I sigh with hope.

Cobblestone street. Zak halts the air ship in the middle of the empty street, turns his face to Bartholomew, asking worriedly. “Do you trust her, completely, Bartholomew?”
Bartholomew nods. “Completely!”
Zak exhales. “If Starra is caught, she will be sentenced to death for treason, and your sister will die…”
“If she failures then lots of people will die, not necessarily by the Sickness, Zak.”
Zak nods then shifts the gear into drive, moving along the empty street towards Rex’s palace. Every citizen knows the first law: an act of treason against Rex is death by hanging from the gallows inside the Stadium.

Starra’s castle. front-door. I swiftly change into my favorite outfit the fashion trend of a black turtleneck, a black skirt, and my cowgirl boots while hearing a loud tap at front door with Bartholomew’s staff. I gallop like a thoroughbred horse to the door, slamming open the wood. There are two men and a woman. I motion my right hand to enter, greeting. “Good evening, I’m Starra. You don’t need to know the details of our mission, just follow my orders and everything will go as planned.” They nod their skulls, once in silence, noting that Baron has both dedicated and obedient staff. I sigh with security.

Hospital. I quickly lead them out my back yard, through the dark woods, down the old hiking trail into the outskirts of weeds and flowers, towards the Hospital’s secret passage, then suddenly halt the moving party. I T-view the mental picture.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I see a blocked trap door and should’ve anticipated Rex’s next move. I didn’t. Think. Think fast. Think faster.
I switch to Plan-b, the frontal assault. I motion my right hand forward for the workers to follow me as we pass the pretty newly implanted red and pink flower bed at the entrance of the old castle. I walk through the archway beside the tall man, saying. “Act normal! We’re visiting our relative.” I sigh with plot-ness.
We quickly pace on nosily boot soles, finding the Information Desk empty, same for Nurse’s Station, and the Waiting Lounge. I lead them down an empty corridor to the Isolation Ward. I halt.
I close my eyelashes and T-probe I scan the rest of building for any body heat, finding 30.0 feet ahead around the corner of Isolation Ward. I slowly guide my elite commando team to the wall intersection then gracefully pirouette as my skirt swirls.
I thumb my folded fist backwards, whispering softly. “There are two guards located at the entrance to the Isolation Ward.” I quickly pull the four weapons from my cute black-rattlesnake leather utility gun belt creating this evening from a shoulder handbag, not mine. I inquire with kitty-cat curiosity. “Do ya’ll know how to use a maser?” I study their stunned faces.
“I do not. Lady Starra, masers are illegal…,” commenting from 6 feet, 4-inched male, shaking his brown skull side to side like a wussie.
I smirk with a set of crooked lips, right up to my nostril, patting his forearm. “It’s alright. We’re committing an illegal act.” I stare at the somber faces, who are too serious, just like my Tele mates during Tele Orientation, many moons ago. I commit, yet, another illegal act for a third time. I sigh with secret.
I strap the gun belt around my waist and then holster the two masers into their twin leather casings. I view them, grinning. “Watch and learn, children!” I gracefully pivot as my skirt twirls in a circle and march to the sleepy Military soldiers at the sentry table. I greet, smiling. “Good evening, gentlemen!” The left guard slowly reaches for his maser, viewing me. I bank robber my arms, wiggling my ten finger pads, saying. “Please, I come in peace. I mean you, no harm.” I giggle with flute music. I mental thinking, ‘hi, I’m here to kidnap the Sickness patients. Could you please hold the doors open for me?’
Yeah, right, babe!
I swiftly jerk both masers from the holster with each cupped hand and fire the blue “stunner” waves simultaneously with a single blast at each conscious alert slo mo guard. A direct hit on the left guard standing as he falls across the table with a loud thud, then the right one drops onto the newly mopped and polished floor with a swish. I wish joy and peace, smiling. “Enjoy your nap, boys!” I sigh with feat.
I trot to the small window on the Isolation door, spotting. I count six more Med Techs, attending the many Sickness patients. “Stang!” I curse with fury and whisper. “More work than I need, tonight.” I T-slam the door open, firing many blue rays from my twin masers at the hired help. I mentally count…one, two, three, four, five, and six citizens sleeping like little babies upon the floor, until they awake tomorrow with a series of splitting migraine headaches. I face the open door and kick it with a T-yell. “All. Clear!” I sigh with determination.
They rapidly gallop to me as I finger point at the 5 feet, 10-inched male and sing in flute music. “You.”
“Kao.” He sings in baritone French horn.
I order. “Get the ship, park it near the woods. No running lights.” He nods, leaving my eyeballs, then I finger point at the five feet and two-inched female singing in my flute music. “You.”
“Fay.” She smile and sings in alto clarinet.
I command. “Check on Ivy and secure all patients for transport.” She nods, rushing to Ivy, first. I finger point at six feet and four-inched male, and singing in my flute music. “You.”
“Lin.” He sings in baritone tuba.
I order. “Come with me.” I swing my body towards the door as he pads besides me, noting that I like being in charge much more fun than obeying orders. I pitch him my shoulder bag then turn right, leading down the empty hallway to the proper door.
I see that the tunnel is neatly sealed with three inches of steel one-fourth diameter bolts along with a new slab of white cement between the visible grooves of the door of Rex’s new handy work. “I’m going to get you for this, Rex.” I threat between my gritted teeth. I sigh with work.
I T-fling with Telekinesis, waving both hands parallel from the bottom wood to the top, popping bolts, and cracking a set of small holes inside the concrete mixture of the make-shift door as it shatters into a thousand and once small pieces of white snow flakes, then it nosily drops to the tile. Boom!
“Move it to the bathroom.” I order to Lin, watching the male lift the heavy door, without a grunt. I can do that, too, but need my full Tele strength for the sixty patients inside the Isolation Ward. I march into the darkness, ordering. “We need lights.” I planned this phase of my plan, since the free staff doesn’t have Tele-eyes to see in the dark, like me.
Lin pulls a set of small portable lights from my bag and nosily stamps a metal into the ceiling, when the light brightens, instantly. I say behind my back. “I’ll be at the end of the hallway, creating an exit door for our escape.”
Lin nods his skull in silence, continuing his devoted work. I sigh with excitement.
I jog to the trap door with more new construction, compliments of Rex and mumble with fury, “More work.”
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I T-punch with ten finger pads the weaker holes into the thin concrete, levitating the cement high into the sky, well, actually…into the tree limbs along with the solid door frame as it slams into the bark, waking the mythological Bigfoot brought from Planet Earth. This is why Earthlings have never found him.
Wow! I’m awesome, tonight, peeking out my new hidey hole, seeing a single freight ship for the food shipment land 340.0 feet from me, noting a single shadow on my right. I Tele-sight Kao, jumping out and running toward me. Then Lin grunts like a dying animal behind me. I order. “Join Kao, and then wait for me at the ship’s bay.” He scoots around me, shimmies up the new opening.
I jog back down a lighted golden hallway, up the steps, into ward, noting Fay is very freaking efficient. All the Sickness patients are medically prepped and ready for departure. I order. “Run out of the ward to the side door on the left, down the steps, out the underground tunnel, and connect with Lin and Kao. Wait for me to bring the first Sickness patient to the docking bay which will be Baronetess Ivy, first.” Fay wrinkles her forehead, funny but nods her skull in silence, obeying me. I turn to face and perform my neat T-trick, without any witnesses sixty times.
I jog beside the last Sickness patient low to the dirt into the ship bay as Lin and Kao grab the front of the cot, pulling it into the bay, parking it next to the wall. I walk to Fay as she pampers the blanket and checks the medical monitor for the last patient. I ask. “I count sixty. What’s your count, Fay?”
She nods. “There are sixty Sickness patients in total, Starra.”
I smile and nod my skull at her assistance, staring at the three devoted Business-partners of Bartholomew. “Excellent job, everyone! Prepare for an immediate take-off. Going to be rough, too. Belt in. Don’t panic. We need a fast escape from Commerce.” I instruct, trying not to panic my ship mates, readying them for the next stage of my impromptu plot as they nod their skulls in silence agreement. Bartholomew has chosen a brave lot of folks to protect Baronetess Ivy, and the other Sickness patients. I’m very pleased and proud of them. I sigh with victory.
I crawl on fours (palms and kneecaps) behind Kao’s fanny through a single tub to a cockpit as we separate into two chairs. I climb into the pilot’s wrapping the safety webbing around my body. “Prepare for hyperspace!”
Kao copies my movement, viewing me. “Starra, I’m not trying to be a side seat driver, but we’re not powered up the engines.”
I bite my snigger, flipping some switches to the dead ship. I lie, honestly. “You’re correct, Kao. This ship…is specially equipped with a secretive type of engine…still in the experimental stage.” I hope my nose doesn’t grow any longer or wider covering my cheekbones, giggling.
Kao cuts his eyeballs to the console, pondering that stupid statement. “I see.”
I grin and giggle, because Bartholomew uses that exact phrase, when he’s confused, after I explain something that really doesn’t make any common sense. I grab the joy stick with my right flying hand. “Ready!?” I depress the pedal, slapping the leather handle forward, since the gear mechanics are dead with my fake flying.
Kao faces the stars with seriousness. “Ready, Commander.”
I T-lift and levitate the ship from the green woods and red dirt as the many tree limbs snap loudly against the metal haul. We float vertical into free air molecules, while the ship moves silently and deadly as a silver ghost over the OPS comlens towards the white clouds, then stratosphere, then cold black outer space. I sigh with over-confidence.
I view my curls at Kao, smiling. His eyelids cut right, then left around the gears, then to the viewing window, trying to figure out a flying ship, without running the mechanical engines. I sigh with amusement.

the Wall. black outer space. minus 1000°F. “Come in unidentified flying object, this is Rann…,” transmitting via comfone.
I flip on the running lights to identify us, the good guys with food, medicine, and the most important item the Sickness patients, instead of the enemy.
I’m still confused about the enemy…(yeah, Dirk, baby)…is involved, somehow plus Rita, too. That’s my working theory, ya’ll. However, no one seems to know the enemy. But, everyone is paranoid in their own personal way.
“Shoot before asking” is the current motto, circulating around Military Base at OPS. I laugh at the silly slogan. I don’t want to experience it, especially, not tonight, since I conceal too many secrets and many more lies. I can’t afford to get hurt, trying to explain this act to my fiancé or my superior Military officer, since I’m trusted by lots of citizens.
I wonder if Rann’s ships are armed with masers, since, now days, nobles and commoners alike are wearing weapons, such as swords, daggers, spears, clubs, knives, and sabers on their persons, carrying them in their star vehicles, and housing them in their homes. This is a dangerous time in the universe for anyone, without a permission slip to depart a home, planet or ship. I sigh with disapproval.
I slow, hovering the freighter ship in black outer space, standing from the chair, ordering like an alien princess. “Kao, power up engines, wait for Rann’s assistance with the Wall opening before flying ship safely inside.” He nods, taking over the steering control in the co-pilot’s chair.
I extend my right hand. “You have exhibited bravery, courage, and guts in this most difficult circumstance. I’m very proud to have served with you, Kao. Good luck with your assignment. Rann’ll take good care of ya’ll. If he doesn’t, then comfone me, I’ll come a-running…(giggles)…I’ll inform Bartholomew of your loyal service to Ivy, the Sickness patients, and me.”
Kao shakes my hand, nodding his skull. “I feel the same way, Commander. Good luck and good bye!”
I press the button, opening the comlen, yelling. “Rann, this is Starra. Please, come in.”
Rann smiles. “Starra, what a pleasant surprise? Have you accepted my invitation to Sahara?”
“Afraid not! I left home, without permission. Mom and Dad are going to be really mad, if they find out.” I muse as Rann laughs via comfone. “Your food shipments are delivered so be very careful with your new precious merchandise, it spoils easily. Starra out!”
“I will. You be careful as well, Rann out.” Static blasts via comfone. I nod my skull for the last time at Kao.
I turn, crawling fours…(palms and kneecaps)…to the launching pod then fly back home in a zipper to Planet Commerce for sleep.

Day 17. Rex’s castle. white clouds. yellow sun. 68°F. morning. Rex struts into the semi-empty room and sits. He commands in his tenor trumpet. “This is going to be short. The sixty Sickness patients are missing along with the original twenty patients. I am decreeing a massive search of all buildings, businesses, schools, homes, and…castles.” He swiftly stands, swinging his body to the door and exits the room.
I know that information, being too dang tired from late night to react to his nasty short statement. I sit next to Bartholomew as his hand pats my forearm. I sigh with exhaustion.
Lad twirls his skull around the room, saying with confusion. “I don’t understand the purpose of the meeting.”
Bartholomew views Lab with a sour face. “A warning to us, the remaining nobles in the kingdom.”
Lad presents duck lips, ugly whining like someone has stolen his tassels. “A warning!? What about?”
Zak looks at me and grits his teeth. “Rex does not trust us, anymore. He does not trust anyone in the universe.” I nod my curls at Bartholomew then Zak. 
But, Rex doesn’t know that I’m a teen alien from Earth. I sigh with alien.

OPS. Morning. I smoothly glide into the sliding doors of Ops, seeing numerous Military soldiers with their armed weapons, wearing their neatly ironed and pressed blue uniforms with pretty yellow sashes, who scurry back and forth in front of me from the war-offices and then into the dirty hallway. Ensign Bob tattles softly into my right eardrum. “They arrived thirty minutes ago. They’re the special group of auditors from the Royal palace.” I sigh with angry.
Rex’s paranoid has invaded my private little universe, suddenly recalling my secret space telecommunication confone line. They are searching for the person communicating secrets within OPS, which is General Starbuck. I snigger like a sly weasel. Let them find General Starbuck, she won’t be traced back to Commander Starra. I order to Bob. “Watch them, stalk them, and shadow them until the Royal infestation leaves.” Bob nods his skull in silence acceptance and resumes his carefully watch. I twist my body and return home for a vacation day. I sigh with exhaustion.

Starra’s castle. afternoon. I nap, bathe, pee, dookie, and eat lunch, leaving a messy kitchen for the kitchen fairies to clean. I don’t…can’t…and won’t get a new, used or abused bot from Lad. I sour bitterly after I beg, bribe, and bother Lad, every day. Maybe, I should do it hourly, while I giggle with a girly twang.
Buzz! Buzz! I press the button, since I stand in front of comfone about chatting with Lad, hoping he found me a service robot. I smile, grinning. “Hello!”
Bartholomew appears on the comfone. “Starra!” He sings in bass drum, without the smile.
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
I pretend nothing is wrong. “Bartholomew, hi! What’s up, darling?” I hope, not an invite for dinner, this evening. I’m pooped from the night rescues of the Sickness patients.
He studies my face, without a smile. “Starra, I’ve been…wondering. I mean… thinking about my… sister.” I stare at his face, not inviting me to dinner. Here it comes! I know what he wants, without using my T-powers. Just don’t ask me, since I can’t do it. Too soonest. He nosily clears his throat, asking. “I want to talk to her, Starra. I need to see her. I need to hear her sweet voice.” He whines like he has stomped his boot in a fresh pile of Doe’s dookie. I wished he had called me about dinner, not Ivy and her survival trip to Sahara with Rann.
I ponder for….1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds then say. “I’ll make the necessary arrangements, Bartholomew. I’ll speak with you about this tomorrow. Good afternoon!” I sigh with drudgery.
Rex is paranoid, while Baron is sad. Rann is going to kill me, after I contact him to demand for Bartholomew to see Ivy. Rann is going to regret helping me. I close my eyelashes with prayer, not bothering to Tele-mind with Rann. He won’t answer it. I punch 1313.
Rann greets on the first buzz of his comfone with a bright smile. “Starra, what’s wrong? You didn’t seem you usually joyful self.” His Tele powers are growing strong like mine.
I stare into his dancing brown eyes, not doing a T-probe. I say, softly. “How are your guests doing, Rann?”
Rann smiles. “The patients are doing well. This procedure has a survival rate of ninety percent. Unfortunately, some citizens can’t handle the stress of the mental mind merge. They die in their sleep.” I sigh with sadness.
Some patients don’t survive the Sickness making Rosa correct for about one tenth of a percentage point. I don’t need to hear this additional data, hoping Ivy isn’t dead. I sigh with courage.
“How’s Ivy?” I ask.
Rann smiles, bobbing his skull up and down like a farm pony. “Ivy is conscious, but very weak. I’ll start her mind training tomorrow.”
“Thank goodness.” I moan and fake my warm smile. I sigh with relief.
“I feel that you didn’t call, just to chat about the condition of the Sickness patients?” Rann observes, making him two for two ball hoops, since he’s hot, today. I don’t mean his body or attire. I stare, without wet hot tears of emotion and silently plead my question, while Rann purses his lips, tightly. He firmly states. “Bartholomew wants to see his sister.” Good job, dude! Now, come up with an answer for the both of us.
I smile, nodding. “You’re good!”
Rann shakes his skull. “This creates a bit of a problem, Starra. How are we going to explain that Ivy lives, when there’s no known cure for the Sickness?” I sigh with frustration.
“Maybe, we should tell the truth.” I say.
Rann shakes his skull. “Bartholomew is the second most important man in the universe. He bases his executive decisions on facts and observations, not magic. I don’t think that he can comprehend the truth, Starra.” I’m back to lying and deceit, becoming a true noble as Rann advises. “He trusts Rex and his kingdom and believes in his cause.”
“He trusts you.” I suggest.
“He tolerates me.”
“We’re back to square one. You say, Ivy is in a weaken state. Can she verbally express her post-Tele experiences to anyone?”
“She cannot. Her brain functions are confused and befuddled with her new Tele experience. This is a normal reaction from the initial waking process of the coma state.”
“Can she recognize faces like family members?”
“She’s alert and identifies familiar objects like flowers and teacups, quickly. Yes! She could recognize a face of a relative.” Rann smiles. “Excellent! This is our solution, Starra. We’ll let Zak and Bartholomew view Ivy in her hospital bed on Sahara alive and well.”
I frown. “How do we explain her being cured of the Sickness?”
Rann nods. “Let’s take one step at a time, just show Ivy to Bartholomew. Then we said that a miracle occurred,” nodding with me.
I smile. “Everyone believes in miracles. Right?”
“When do you want this encounter to occur?”
“Tomorrow five in the afternoon.”
He nods. “I’ll be expecting your space comfone transmission. Don’t worry this will all work out then you and I…”
“Thanks for your help, Rann. Starra out!” I drown my jumbled mental thoughts.
He smirks. “Rann out.” Static paints on the comfone.
I shake my curls with deep worry about Ivy, Bartholomew, and Rann from Rex.

Day 18. OPS. morning. “Commander, report?” Tom soldierly stands right in front of me while I play on the mini-bot inside my metal chair on top of the flat platform. He taps on his mini-bot with his right hand, eye burning me like he suspects me of some type of wrong doing. You’re the fool, man.
Let’s see, if I can annoy you as much as I can on this glorious and wonderful day. I got lots of sleep, last night. I’m in very high spirits, good humor, and fully charged with my T-powers. I sigh with revenge.
I eye burn my mini-bot, teasing with a T-kick of Telepathy to my fellow co-workers. “No illegal incoming or outgoing ships. No illegal intergalactic space transmissions. And, no strange alien life forms from another galaxy,” hearing with my big Tele-ears some of the fearless OPS personnel snicker behind me. I view Tom and smile.
He sneers like a grizzle bear then orders. “Carry on, Commander! And, get rid of those boots, before tomorrow….,” lingering his nasty words. He soldierly pivots towards the office door.
I continue to keep my improperly propped booted feet upon my empty desk, starting a new War game. I sigh with arrogance.
Today is very quiet and peaceful for a nice change, since the 80 Sickness patients are safely re-located on Sahara. Bartholomew and Zak will see Ivy on the afternoon scheduled comfone making the little universe at peace for another hour. I sigh with delight.
The three comlens click to live as I flip face with kitty-cat curiosity towards the screens along with co-workers as they gather near my platform. A colorful foto displays of Ira behind a blue sky and a yellow sun, yelling. “Attention! Attention! Presenting His Royal Highness, King Rex, solo Ruler of the Universe and Commander of the Military.” I present a set of duck lips, ugly, staring with shock. Rex walks from a draped curtains, standing at the podium then nosily clears his throat, possessing a satisfied smirk on his round face. “Citizens of the Universe, I have the most unpleasant task of informing you that hundred Sickness patients have died, this morning, at the Hospital facility.” I jump, kitten-like, standing and knocking the chair violently into the desk with both fear and angry as working citizens nosily gasp with air beside the platform. I sigh with deceit.
Rex lies, big time, since no one has died. I T-probe with Telepathy, scanning the interior patient beds inside the Hospital, finding no dead bodies, making Rex both crazy and insane. Time for a new leader, I nominate practice Bartholomew. A pair of shuffling boot soles break my daydream when more citizens come, stand, pose and listen with eardrums and see with eyeballs.
Rex says, not smiling but nodding. “Families can view the list of victims at the Information Desk located at the new Hospital. If there is anything I can do to ease this terrible loss, please come and talk with me by appointment only. This is your universe. This is your planet. This is your King, signing off.” Comlens go coldly black. I sigh with disbelief.
Beep! Beep! Beep! I slap the button on the mini-bot with Bartholomew’s tiny face and tiny voice. “Did you hear? I’m picking you up for an early lunch. Please, be ready.” He ends transmission abruptly. I curse softly, watching citizens sob, wail, and cry in loud animal wounded sounds, exiting the building.

Starra’s castle. Living-room. morning. “Good morning. I’ve been expecting your call, Starra.” Rann promptly smiles and greets then the comlen beautifully flicks with Ivy on the split screen.
Ivy leans her shoulder blades against the pretty white wooden bed frame that decorates in pink and white rosebud bedspread and matching pink and white pillows against her back, wearing the white robe. She looks pretty healthy with a set of rosy cheeks, a pair of peach-colored lips, and her golden hair shining. A vase of pink and yellow flowers sits next to her bed of the lovely comlen setting feeling both warm and cozy. I sigh with relief.
Bartholomew rushes his words with nervousness. “Ivy, how are you feeling?”
Zak crowds next to him, smiling and saying with a husband mushy demeanor. “Sweetheart, you look great.”
Ivy cocks her skull sideways, blinking her eyelashes once, twice then thrice and hearing the familiar voices. She slo mo talks and smiles. “BA…Zak…I…feel good…but…mind works…slowly.”
Fay crams her face with a split screen, smiling. “Sir! Let me explain Ivy’s condition.”
Bartholomew nods his skull. “Proceed.”
Fay waves her curls and hands. “It’s a miracle, sir. Baronetess Ivy has survived the deadly Sickness disease, sir. She awoke from the coma, without a fever or physical aliment. The disease has seemed to have attacked her brain. Ivy is re-learning objects, people, and places. This is a very slow process, sir. But, she is progressing at an advanced rate. Ivy will be her old self in due time, sir. I hope this helps you and Baronet Zak understand what has happened to her. Prince Rann and his medical team can explain in more detail the scientific facts and medical treatment protocol, if you would like more information. I’ll sign off now and return the comfone fully back to Baronetess Ivy.” Fay vanishes from the second screen.
Ivy smiles at Bartholomew then Zak. She slo mo says. “Rann…good care…with Fay…Kao and Lin. I…be home…I love you. Bye!” Ivy smiles while we stare at the Hollywood starlet.
Zak moves closer to the screen. “Love you, sweetheart. Goodbye and good night, Ivy.”
Bartholomew pushes his tallness beside Zak, smiling with happiness. “I love you, sis. Fare well until we see you, here. Goodbye!” Ivy disappears from the comlen, being replaced by silver rows of static.
I click the monitor off then Bartholomew talks to the comfone, staring at the black. “She’s okay.”
Zak flips a face to Baron, smiling. “She looks great.” I sigh with ease.
Bartholomew wrinkles his forehead, ugly, dictating to Zak, while I stand in the background and listen. He says with angry. “The Sickness has destroyed everyone’s life in one form or another. It has disintegrated whole planets. Somebody’s responsible for the Sickness. It didn’t just happen from drinking the water.” I sigh with surprise.
“Rex…” singing in my piccolo music and believing in Rann and fighting against Rex.
Bartholomew flings his hands into air, swinging his body to me. “Rex has nothing to do with this. He searches…”
“…and has found the assassin,” Zak nods. “He told me, personally, this morning during our breakfast meal,” nodding with Bartholomew. Zak declares. “Rex will reveal ID the citizen, very soon…maybe…tomorrow.”
I park my hands upon my dress, singing in flute music. “The assassin?” I huff musically and declare. “Someone wants to kill Rex, ya’ll. So, get in the freaking long line…”
“No!” BA shakes both his skull and hands. “This universe is based on the Assassination Principal. Look at Rann, once a commoner, now, the prince of an entire galaxy with billions of currs and million of citizens bowing to his every greedy need. Rann is…the best example of this deadly greedy practical application…”
“Rann saved Ivy.” I nod, smiling.
BA growls then says in a nasty tone, “Only for his evil purpose…,” viewing Zak. “We must tell Rex and mount a rescue for Ivy, immediately. The Sickness is hogwash. Ivy is alive proves this, Rann is the assassin, trying to take over the universe.”
I plant my naked feet between the boys, singing in bass flute. “Naw!” Zak chuckles like a farm turkey, while Bartholomew twists his lips, ugly, staring at me. I say. “Not a single solo action or event proves your proposed stupid theory, Bartholomew. Rann has been…” 
“Starra!” BA hugs me, smiling. “You must stay, here, at your mansion for protection, sweetheart. We…Zak and I…are reporting all this new information about Rann to Rex. Rex will decide Rann’s final fate, Meaning, we…Zak and other nobles…will capture Rann and then watch his death by hanging in the gallows, until sundown.”
I pull away from Bartholomew, shaking my curls and sing in bass flute music. “Rex…”
“…our leader, our ruler, and our protector. I love you, Starra.” Bartholomew kisses my lips, tenderly then scoots away from me with Zak in tow.
Bartholomew swiftly exits the Kitchen door as I hear heavy footpads slamming the front door shut.
I race out the kitchen door and upstairs, down the hallway, and into my bedroom.
I kneecap and jerk the bottom of green stringy fringes of the bedspread, upright my face, dragging a pine box into my lap on a set of folded legs. I gently lift the lid with ten finger pads, admiring the 500,000 years old twin set of shiny glittery black diamonds lovely mounted on the smooth golden bracelets. I sigh with fear.

Black diamonds. Living-room. afternoon. I slowly walk downstairs and carry carefully a small light wood pine box, which is shaped like a reading book, strolling on naked feet. I sit on the edge of the sofa then gingerly touch the center of the pretty black diamond with my right index finger pad. I clearly hear within my mental neuron the word: kill. I jerk my index finger nail into the air, panting heavy with the word shouting inside my neurons like sea waves crashing against the shoreline.
Making me believe, Rex is the mastermind behind the killing of innocent citizens and the murderous attacks on his kingdom. Therefore, another citizen must stop Rex. Bartholomew will not. Rann cannot. I sigh with determination.
Rex is a powerful Tele which has been tattled by both Rosa and Rann. He hasn’t challenged me, ever. But, he knows, who I am, too. I chuckle. I have T-powers, running through my red veins, too.
I feel healthier, stronger, and invincible, since crash-landing the Earth space shuttle on the dead world of Bonita, some three weeks…(Bonita weeks)…ago. Because, I possess both my own supernatural talents plus Rosa’s T-talents from the talisman. I sigh with intent.
My purpose is clear. Rosa had shared her brief secret of the black diamond bracelets with me which should be coupled the right Ruler of the Universe. Bartholomew will be a better leader, being fair, honest, and democratic while possessing a true vision and a good heart. He will to rule an equal universe for both nobles and commoners. Just cause!
I can help Bartholomew achieve that desire and dream, since an alien must give the citizens hope for their future, smirking with an evil thought. Rex must permanently dies by an alien’s hand. Then, hope, truth, honor, and justice will flow throughout the universe into the battered planets, beaten citizens, and bruised me living in my new home.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
The bracelets are the key to my purpose, my goal, and my actions stopping Rex, the true Enemy of the Universe. I sigh with anger.
The dark diamonds gleam in a series of flashy red and blue colors against the band of gold, glowing with a weird-o yellow light like live energy and true power, mysterious and mystical. I close my eyelashes, touching the center stone of each diamond with my pinky finger, seeing.
The bright images of a young girl, an old man, a mature woman, and young Rosa, each are coupled with their entwined emotional sensations of both death and destruction. I drop my cupped hand over the black diamond.
I cry out. “Stop!” I hold with pain, fear, fright, might, and light. I quickly open my eyelashes and jerk my hands from the stones, breathing heavy and sobbing with tears hardy.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I yell into the quiet room. “My actions rule my destiny, not words.” I gently touch the smooth gleaming band of gold on the right bracelet, seeing nothing, and feeling nothing. I secure the gold over my right wrist. I see, feel, hear, and taste it.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus. Control. Conquer.
A young girl kills an old helpless woman as her face shreds salty tears with a red blast from the maser. Rosa touches each child, hearing the crack of the child’s spinal cord within the neck broke. An old man fires a red maser wave at hundreds of citizens as they die instantly as T-sights are both terrible and horrible. I quickly jerk the single bracelet from my arm and drop into the box as it rattles for a few seconds, breathing heavy and sweating stinky along with flooding salty tears.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Control. Conquer.
I place my pinky finger on both the diamonds, seeing a set of weaker T-images, not so boldly powerful and harshly doom. I sigh with hope.
Then I quickly toss each bracelet upon each wrist, receiving voluminous waves of people, places and planets while the images spin crazy, dizzy, fast, and furious with color, lights, sounds, and tastes into my active mind.
I yell. “Control. Conquer. Calm.”
I pass out in darkness, totally.

Day 19. OPS. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. 67°F. morning. I crank my neck against my shoulders admiring a baby blue sky, tons of white geometric cloud, hearing bird sing and frogs croak, seeing squirrels jump from tree to grass. I walk slo mo from my castle to my place of employment, humming and singing with nature. I march through the glass door and plop upon the platform, scooting the chair, flopping my fanny on the metal as it squeaks good morning to me. I nosily prop my cowgirl boots upon the empty desk, retrieving the mini-bot. I start a new sim game of Intergalactic War against the aliens as I giggle with a girly twang. I sigh with happiness.
“Commander, Starra!” Tom shouts, stands, and studies me and my boots.
I play on my mini-bot and smart-hole. “What, Tom?” I advance the game to level four, already.
Tom sneers like a junk yard dog, correcting my rude behavior. “The proper response is Captain Tom,” snarling then says. “I’m holding a private memorial service for the hundred victims that have succumbed to the Sickness disease, commencing at seven, this morning, in the mess hall, before the grand service, at noon, hosted by our ruler King Rex.” Tom informs…way too much. “Everyone will be attending, except for Ensign Bob and you.” He smirks with a set of crooked lips, ugly as I cut my eyeballs to Bob, who intersects at an empty hallway and lobby wall. I mentally note to pay Major Tom back for his bad manners to his fellow nice citizens.
I return my face to the game, growling like a dying animal in bass flute music. “No prob.”
Tom doesn’t quit with the sick mammal sounds of a mad grizzle bear snarling. He corrects my nasty behavior for a second time. “The proper response, Commander, is yes, sir.”
I jump to level six in the game. “Yes, sir.” Tom growls like a jungle cat then soldierly pivots toward the Mess Hall. I lose that game and then begin a second one.

Two hours, later. I snort like a wild boar, losing another game, being lousy at the electronic Intergalactic War-games. Ya know what they say about losing three in a row, bad rotten luck.
The meeting for the Sickness patients has continued for 150 minutes…(Commerce time)…three hours. I stare eyeballs at the closed doors, leading into the Mess Hall, making me wonder if Tomcat is building the pine coffins for the deceased. I sigh with boredom.
I gently T-toss the mini-bot on the desk, dropping my feet to the floor, then stretch, giraffe-like with sore muscles while checking on Bob’s whereabouts. I monitor the comlen equipment for my sweet and short duty of the day. I stroll down the empty hallway sounding like a dead morgue while peeking my chin into the first comlen room. Empty! 
I skip to the table tapping at the Log Book, seeing a few recorded intragalactic comfones from early, this morning on Commerce from the Food Warehouse, the School, the Hospital, the Command Center and…way too many more places, that I don’t desire to read, at the moment. The datum looks normal to me. I grin, exiting the room.
I pass with my boots by the next comlen room with no Military personnel then quickly T-scan for the vile villains upon a round radar. The vile villains are asleep, too.
I enter the room with the largest monitor. The comlen uses a sophisticated bot satellite (outer space) network to monitor far away activities to and from the Wall. Ya know, it looks for spy ships! Bob has educated me in-between our snack and lunch meals on the range and function of each intergalactic comlens. Since, he’s super nice and super smart.
I stand, slumping. Watch the line, it travels slowly then snails around the big comlen, noting that there are no ships sailing from the Wall. Good! I move to medium-sized comlens for Bonita, Tech, Agri, Uni, and Bio. Uni and Bio are black and dead with no life. Tech displays no ship activity, except for the colored flares of fixed energy output from both the robots and factories. Agri displays a set of smaller flares of activity on the screen from the farming equipment energy. I sigh with disapproval.
Bob attacks from behind my shoulder blades. “Commander, what can I do you for?”
I study the screen for Bonita, noting the massive energy zing on the southern hemisphere. “Admiring the comlen screens.”
Bob pads next to my right collar bone. “All clear! No enemy vessels to report on my watch!” He chuckles like a farm turkey as I giggle with a girly twang.
Humor or a pitiful attempt!
I instruct. “Carry on, Lieutenant.” I slowly mosey to smallest comlen monitoring, only, Commerce, watching the slow motion of the electronic line complete one revolution around the circular radar.
I see it blink in the bright color of red, then disappear. I mutter softly. ”What’s that?” Patiently, I wait for the line to complete a second rotation around the comlen, see it blink in the bright color of red, then quickly disappear. I mumble in piano music. “Are those bugs?” I grab a cotton cloth, wiping the comlen. The cloth collects the moisture, sweat, and dust from the hands of the citizens, before physical touching a comlen piece of equipment. I wipe down the radar as a batch of red bugs invade the comlen. “Not bugs?” I sing in flute music. “Lieutenant.” Bob calmly strolls as I rudely finger point at comlen, asking. “What’da ya make of this?”
He studies the red bugs. “I would…,” rapidly taps his ten finger pads on the keyboard, staring studiously at the output screen, updating. “The comlen readout states that they are…unknown ships with no identifying marks.” He screws his eyebrows, ugly, ponders then views his face to me and spits mouth salvia, during his shouting session. I back step from the wetness. “Enemy ships! We’re being invaded.”
I smack my eyelashes upright while finger pointing at the console, singing in piccolo music. “Invasion! Press some buttons, man. Sound the alarms, bells, whistles, lights, and whatever else you can punch to death. Get some action going.” I watch Bob’s hands and finger pads fly across the keyboard as the red letters, Red alert.
The OPS comfone blasts, “Red alert… red alert… red alert… red alert…”
I race out the doorway, down the hallway, and hurry to my duty station, seeing Tom rush out the Mess Hall doors to me. He leaps, kitten-like upon my platform, then jumps, T-rex upon my empty desk, pulling a tile panel. He jerks a small comfone to his face, ordering in his tenor saxophone. ”Attention! Attention! All personnel go to the Stadium, immediately.” He repeats the command as boot soles advance to the glass double doors into the sunlight. I sigh with puzzlement.

cobblestone street. I watch a mob of neatly ironed and pressed blue uniforms scurry by me and calmly pour onto the street, while parents tow young children by their hands and friends hug each other for good luck. I sigh with shock.
I dash back into the empty comlen room. Bob is gone, deserting his post. I plan to demote his fanny. I see four big blood-red blimps on the radar which is over the Stadium as the War begins.
I swing my body, running out the door, down the hall and through the empty lobby. I bolt outside, squinting my eyelashes from a harsh yellow sun as citizens push, pull, and prod me along with them into the crowded street. I sigh with surprise.
I soldierly stand with my knuckles tapping on my kneecaps, facing the faces. An elder man on my right carries a maser rifle which is perched on his shoulder like a parrot, then a young kid on my left holds a jeweled dagger in her left folded fist. Her Mama holds the child’s right hand, dragging her sword tip along the cobble sparkling tiny fire balls with her free hand. I see lots of citizens carrying many weapons of mass destruction, such as, illegal masers, curvy swords, beautiful daggers, long spears, straight arrows, kitchen utility knifes, thick clubs, steel hammers, woodland rocks, and smooth stones.
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
The mad mod swiftly marches toward the Stadium. I sprint on boots to the front of the crowd, seeing three men in neatly ironed and pressed blue uniforms on their individual wind bikes holding their single raised weapons in their left hands of the dead and destructive maser. I sigh with fear.
I blink my eyelashes once, twice then thrice using T-view of Teleclairvoyance to focus on the far bike. Lad rides on the extreme left, Zak in the middle, and Bartholomew on the right side of the leading the stupid flock of crazed semi-warriors into a bloody and messy War. I sigh with disapproval.
I T-kick with Telepathy and yell. “Bartholomew.” He slows the bike then halts with a jolt and rotates his neck muscles around the street, spotting me. He circles the bike towards my body, motioning me upon the rear seat.
I leap, kitten-like upon the seat, wrapping both arms and cupped hands around his waist, feeling his mixed emotions of angry, hate, confusion, fear, disappointment, and revenge emitting from his heart, his mind, and his soul. I sigh with worry.
Bartholomew rapidly accelerates the bike passing both Zak and Lad and leading the angry stupid pack of want-to-be-dead-soldiers into the broken wall fragment on the north side of the Stadium. Bartholomew veers us to the right heading south then halts the bike at the broken gate, and shuffles his boot over the seat. He uprights his tallness, twists his body, and faces me then man-pulls me from the rear seat, He kisses my lips for 1.2 seconds then surfaces, smiling and sweet breathes. “Please, stay here, sweetheart. You’ll be safe.”
I desire to object verbally but learn to listen to my loving future mate then hug his body, tightly. I pull back, giving two thumbs up signal for good luck. Baron has his plans to win the War, since I have my own agenda to win the War. I sigh with purpose.

Stadium. skybox. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. 78°F. afternoon. I watch Bartholomew fly out of my eyesight, then swing my body and jump, T-rex over the busted wall, bouncing quickly up the battered bleacher rows. I somersault onto the platform of an exposed skybox of Marquis Tok of Resort, noting he has a nice view of the Game field. Stop it, Starra. 
I have an excellent view of field to see everyone and everything.
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
Lad, Zak, and Bartholomew lead a sea of blue military uniforms carrying weapons to kill, then stopping at the 20-yard line on the north side of the field. I view the south side of the grass. Empty! There are no flesh and blood bodies for to fight, since the enemy ship chickened out of the War turning their tails and running back home. They surrender. I sigh with victory.
I swing my body to the left for a fast exit and stomp my right boot on the concrete when my right peripheral eyeball sees the glittery gold. I complete a circle and leap, kitten-like upon the upper tier. I T-sight with Teleclairvoyance, zooming upon the trio leaders of Rann, Rita, and Dirk as they soldierly march a throng gold bodies on the green field from the south tunnel. I nosily gasp. Rann’s Tele warriors! I target and focus my eyeballs upon Ivy, wearing a gleaming gold halter top and cute straight skirt cut above her kneecaps. Nice assembly!
Ivy carries a weapon of a single pointy crystal in the form of a sword along with the other golden warriors holding their own set of weapons consisting of swords, daggers, spears, knives, and clubs. The compounds glisten from the prisoner’s hard manual labor with a set of raw mined gem stones of ruby, sapphire, emerald, jade, amethyst, gold, silver, and diamond, the hardest substance here and on Planet Earth. I’m impressed.
Stop being impressed and start worrying, Starra. Rann has suddenly stopped the shifting warriors at the 20-yard line on the south end of game field. I sigh with fear.
I clearly see the players, hear the grunts, feel the angry, and taste the sweat in a grand battlefield by two opposing teams which stands one at north and the other at south. Each team is led a trio of brilliant leaders, carrying weapons of mass both destruction and death. I sigh with doom.
I must stop this madness and tattle tale to Rex. He can stop the madness. I don’t see Rex with the northern team of Bartholomew, Zak, and Lad or standing with the opposing southern group of Rann, Rita, and Dirk. I wonder, the dark side he cheers for victory in the deadly competition. I T-sight with Teleclairvoyance, scanning the bleachers, and skyboxes for Rex, then locate him on the opposite side of me, which is exactly parallel of my position. Rex stares, drools, and grins at the upcoming bloody massacre of his citizens.
No noble or commoner will oppose his ultimate reign of the galaxy. He’s ultimate king, now. I painfully ball my straight fingers into a set of tight folded fists, targeting my fight with Rex. Bartholomew is not going to die, because of Rex’s dirty little secrets, lies or deceit.
Bartholomew sings bass music, “Attack!” 
My Tele-eardrums echo that nasty word. My human heart jumps starts with his war cry.
Rann sings in baritone music, “Attack!” 
I watch with terror as citizens run towards each other waving their weapons of dead and destruction against their neighbor, friend, and relative.
I sing in piccolo music. “No!” No one hears me, listens to me or seems to care that they’re about to die. I silently stand and watch the horror picture show play before my silver pupils. Blue soldiers poise their weapons over their heads for a frontal attack running straight at the golden warriors, who draw their weapons into their chests for the defensive attack while galloping towards death, Then, I execute Plan-b, stop the War.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Power.
I combine my T-powers of Telepathy, Telekinesis, Teleclairvoyance, and Telemetabolics, screaming in a piccolo soprano musical note. “Stop!” Masers, knives, daggers, spears, crossbows, clubs, rock, stones, swords, and other assorted weapons beautifully dance in the air waves like rehearsed choreographed toy puppets on a string over a skull of each man, woman, and child. The citizens suddenly halt, staring their eyeballs in the skyline, dropping their mouths like dying fish.
I open my eyelashes, feeling the cool north breeze blow across my sweaty face, tasting my blood flood my sliced tongue, and smell the sour wetness from my palms, finger pads, and armpits while regally posing parallel to the platform. I hover and hold the horrible deadly death weapons still and steady in the invisible air waves. Then I smile with my good deed for the day. I sigh with victory.
War done! I slo mo fling my horizontal arms up towards the skyline then over to the right of my body, pitching the killing instruments of destruction into a red trash bend used by Rbots or repairing construction robots that clear and clean the damaged stadium. I drop my arms to my side when my knuckles tap my kneecaps. I sigh with satisfaction.
Nap time! I immediately feel exhausted, drained, and weak like a newborn kitten after eating, needing sleep, food, and a vacation day. I giggle with a girly twang, seeing the citizens soldierly stand and silently stare at me.
I shout. “Ah, dookie!”
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
I swing my face and T-view with eyeballs at Bartholomew, who I plan to marry, being the love of my life and my future husband. He studiously stares at me, without a cute wave, a bright smile or any physical happy movement. Then I view Rann, shaking his skull side to side with negative communication and jumbled big time deep emotions of worry, concern, and fear. I sigh with unhappiness.
“There is your assassin…,” voicing in his tenor trumpet via the multiple active comfones that surround the Stadium. I sigh with confusion.
I nervously scan with my human eyeballs the field, many rows of bleachers, lots of skyboxes, and the quiet citizens, when my mental light bulb brightens, immediately. I am not assassin.

I flash past, mentally to yesterday, when Zak informed in my kitchen to Bartholomew and me that Rex had searched and found the assassin, announcing it, today.

I eye burn the concrete, mentally thinking that Rann is the assassin…naw…Rann is not the assassin, either. Rann desires to kill Rex…ya know…Rex is the true enemy. I sigh with puzzlement.
“She carries the Sickness disease that contaminates our bodies and kills our loved ones. She has ordered the attack on Tech, Resort, and Commerce. She has destroyed Uni, Bio, and Ice. She has murdered Lady Rosa of Bonita. She has killed hundred of your friends, family, and community member, all innocent citizens. She has spied on Prince Rann of Sahara. She has betrayed your King. She is the assassin…,” voicing in a tenor trumpet via the comfones as citizens mutter and move around the field, staring at me. The tenor trumpet voices. “I will present the evidence against the assassin.” Comlens blink with power, showing silver and white rows of static.
I giggle with a girly twang, since I’m innocent and the peek show will prove the true assassin. The comlens colorful flash a still foto showing the rear fanny of a floor-length white ball gown, standing over an unconscious person, who lies quietly upon the carpet. Then, the female gracefully pirouettes and faces the comlen as the frame freezes along with my neurons and.
I mice squeak. “Me!”

I flash past, mentally the night of the Jubilation Day Ball, when I danced the Random Dandom with Bartholomew, then Rosa transferred her Tele talents via the golden talisman on me. I shuffled out of the picture frame then the comlen did a close-up of Rosa’s dead shrived-up gray lifeless face. Then, the comlen panned outward covering her entire gray lifeless body and then suddenly stops. I posed a single frame with a tired but sour puss face.

The citizens nosily gasp with horror and shock.
I whisper. “Ah, dookie.”
The comlen poses on me when the comfones announce in high piccolo music. “Eliminate by assassination or attrition…,” singing in my flute soprano via the comlens. “That’s Empress to you…,” expressing part of my words in the wrong order from my intergalactic secret space comfone message to Rann over the Wall. I sigh with trouble.
The comlen splits into two monitors with Rex on the right, finger pointing at the screen and rat-tattles. “Starra is an alien from Earth.” Citizens growl, snarl, snort, sneer with nasty animals sounds that echo into the skyline.
I shake my curls, viewing the concrete, whispering. “Alien, I.” My life is over, since these particular natives hate Earthlings, Earth, and aliens per Rosa on my first day in the new and strange universe. I sigh with death.
“Alien, I find you guilty.” Rex  orders, fingering me. “Seize her, Guards.”
I stomp my right cowgirl boot with fury while half-joking. “I wanna a lawyer, ya’ll…,” chuckling in my Earthling sense of humor, death notwithstanding. I hear, without my Tele eardrums.
“Hang her. Hang her. Hang her. Hang her. Hang her,” singing off-key from the angry and truly confusion citizens of the new universe.
“Stang!” I sing in bass flute while the Royal Guards encircle me with a maser drawn at my heart upon the concrete.

Rex’s castle. tower. dark blue and orange sunset. 71°F. evening. The twin brother-guards appear beefy, big, and strong viciously pulling and then forcefully drag me down the empty hallway. They powerfully lift me up from the tile flying me over a set of four flights of dark stairs to the darker Tower cell, measuring 10 feet long by 10 feet wide by 12 feet high. One opens the squeaky door then four finger pads violently shoves me inside the rusty cell, slamming the bars shut. I view three blank walls of pretty gray limestone. The north wall holds a tiny three-inch square window free of a glass pane, flaming the last flares of the blue and orange sunset of a beautiful Commerce day and viewing the tall Stadium. I T-see the construction of a pine wooden Hangman’s Gallows frame and Tele-hear the pounding of steel nails. I swallow the thick mouth salvia then drop to the cold gray metal cot, without any warm cloth. I sigh with defeat.
The Royal assigned new Prison-guard sings in baritone tuba. “Food.” I trot to the equally separated hollow vertical bars as he hands off the tray in a sideways position between the bars then a small glass of clean water, and finally a smaller loaf of raw cooked white bread. I swing my body and gently place the tray upon the metal cot, leaning heavy into the west wall, spinning nervously the diamond ring on my fourth finger of my left hand.
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
“Baron Bartholomew!” The Prison-guard chimes in baritone tuba then smartly salutes with two fingers slamming his right eyebrow, prettily. I swing my sweaty curls and view Bartholomew.
He stares in an outer spacey face at me, looking a bite gray ashen in his face, green around his lips, red and swollen in his gray eyes. I quickly jerk the beautiful diamond engagement ring from my fourth finger of my left hand, slipping it between bars into his extended open palm with no sweet words or nasty grunts.
Bartholomew eye burns the lonely ring then soldierly pivots, soldierly from me, exiting the archway. Do not cry! I sigh with sadness.
I swing my body and face the window then detour my eyeballs to the cot and step a left boot, a right boot, and a left boot, then side saddle the metal with my left hip bone, eye burning the gray floor. I mentally think, my fun life is really over. I can’t go back home to Commerce or Bonita, nor Earth. I exhale, depressingly.
Rann sings in baritone music. “Starra!” He holds both his hands to the bars, smiling at me. I swing my face, while my heart jumps starts with happiness. I grin with a toothy smile, stumbling upon big feet towards the bars, slamming my hands over his knuckles.
I sing in piccolo music. “Rann!” I giggle with a girly twang then cut my eyeballs to the wall and find that peaky cockroach and ignore it. Then, I return my face to Rann and tease. “Do ya like my new living arrangements? It’s only temporary until…,” giggle with silliness.
Rann presents a set of dead pan straight pin lips, replacing his hands over my knuckles, singing in baritone music. “Starra…,” exhaling. “I’m so sorry. I talked to Rex…,” pausing for handsomeness, “….so much evidence against you. He wouldn’t change his mind about…,” stopping then cuts his eyelids away from my face. He studies the north window then words softly, “…punishment.” I study his sad face.
I nod my curls in silence understanding. “Thanks for your assistance, Rann. I really appreciate your courage and support.” I smile and inquire with kitty-cat curiosity. “What happened after I…left?”
Rann frowns. “Everything’s fine. Rex is King solo ruler of both the sides of Wall, again. The War is over. Of course, you were the catalyst which caused the War and also brought us peace.” Thank goodness! I did something right, today.
I smile into his handsome face, longing to touch the flexing chest muscles in that open jacket vest as the silk vest tickles my knuckles.
Rann leans his face heavy towards me while his twin cheekbones tap the bars. “I have a team...”
I jerk my right index finger and gently tap his moving soft lips, shaking my curls. “Don’t even think about it. I have no place to go. I can’t run forever in the universe, bouncing planet to planet. I can’t live like that.”
Rann grabs my right hand, holding tenderly my wiggling finger pads with both his hands and. He nods in silence surrender. “I see your point of view. Everyone knows you. No one citizen is going to…,” pausing for handsomeness, “…help.” He gently caresses my right hand and softly inquires. “Is there anything you need?” He eye burns the small tray on the metal cot and guesses. “That’s your dinner.” I giggle with a girly twang as he reaches for my left hand and pulls it from the cold iron bar, rubbing my ten fingers with his warmth touch.
I say. “The condemned does not get much around, here.” Rann kisses each knuckle on my right hand, very slowly as my pulse heats. My heart stops, then restarts. He gently kisses each knuckle on my left hand when I lean my face against the twin bars. Rann swiftly drops both my hands from his mouth. I tap the metal with my forearm, stepping back from the attacking bars and giggle silly.
Rann smiles at me, standing in a soldierly fashion, singing in deep baritone trombone music. “Guard!” Both brothers appear on the opposite of Rann, growling like a pack of hungry wolves at me. He commands. “Bring, Lady Starra, two blankets, two pillows, and a tray of food covered with meat, fruits, bread, beverages, and desserts.” He views the Prison Guard on his left, eye burning fire balls and rumbles like thunder. “I…am going to return in ten minutes,” viewing the other twin brother on the right. “If…these items are not in her cell, there will be another neck…or two hanging in the afternoon sun, tomorrow from the gallows.” He doesn’t even snarl.
The two Prison Guards upright at attention quickly, singing in union. “Yes, Sire!” The Prison Guards roughly pivot and quickly exit the archway.
Rann swiftly reaches and man-pulls me with his warm ten finger pads into the iron bar, without tapping my forehead, ugly. He wraps both arms around me and the iron bars as I bang my breasts against the metal, brushing my cheekbones against coolness and stick out my nose, lips, and chin towards Rann. I bow my arms around four vertical bars. I slowly slide my ten finger pads over his soft forearms, stopping right at the edge of his hard biceps, tenderly caressing the steel bugle of roundness. He flexes ten fingers and sweetly tickling my shoulder blades, drawing me as close as we can with our metal referees. I giggle with pleasure, burn with my passionately fire, my icy lust, and my desirous love inside my kitten cage. I sigh with contentment.
Rann whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Starra…I must say goodbye and wish you peace of mind.” He gently steers his face and lips between the steel bars and tenderly kisses my pouted lips with his soft warm flesh. I close my eyelashes, hearing music, feeling happiness, and tasting honey then loudly hear the heavy volumes of guard footpads. Rann gently releases my wet lips, shifting his face from the steel, smiling with delight.
I smile. “You’ve been a good friend, Rann. Goodbye! Good luck to you as well.” Rann releases his tight embrace of me and metal, stepping back three paces, then clicks his boot heels for fun and bows at the waist for respect. He paces both his boots and smiles at me stepping backwards, through the archway, then elegantly flings his body about away from me, quickly dashing down the darken stairs. Do not cry, be happy!
I hold the wetness of his kiss, the softness of his lips, and the roughness of his tongue. I travel with Rann’s aura to the set of elevators, then immediately stop. I sigh with surrender.
The twin-Guards return, one at a time, with the requested items. One opens the cell, setting up a smaller table with the overflowing food items and nicely makes the metal cot with a warm set of linens, two blankets and two pillows, then grunts like dying animals at me.
Darkness drowns the yellow sunset as I lay outstretched on my five feet and one-inched petiteness upon the softness, so kindly ordered by sweet Rann for my last permanent night on Commerce.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus. Peace.
I happily dream of Earth.
Thunderfoot leads his harem of mares around the green hilly pastures. Maritza cleans Grandma’s antique wood table and Ming seats in the co-pilot seat on the solar train ride into Hunts-Bama biosphere. Peter debates my mediocre Telekinesis skills in Tele Training. Huntress punches my ribs for catnapping. Jim fingers at the second pressure shield level in the space shuttle. Rosa wears her beautiful purple gown for Festival Day. Bot flies backwards out the door. Rita wears a snarl ending her marriage proposal to Lad. Rann displays a smile when losing the Race at the Sahara party. Bartholomew plants the diamond ring on my fourth finger. Rann kisses me, good-night. Then, Rex stabs me with a dagger.
I jump, kitten-like awake, smashing my eyelashes from the horrible nightmare, noting the sun awakes with me.
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.

Day 19. stadium. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. 67°F. morning. I pull the messy blanket over my face, blocking the beautiful bright yellow daylight on my Execution Day. I sigh with dread.
The twin-Guards bang their fists upon the bars as I roll my naked feet and look for my boots. I wear them. I stand and walk towards the open cage then pad, first down the dark stairs. I wait on the elevator. It dings. We enter.
It dings, since all the door chimes work in Rex’s castle.
We exit. I drag my fanny down a back hallway and enter the enclosed air ship. I sigh with doom.
Men, women, and children line the yellow cobblestone street from Rex’s palace towards the south side of the Stadium as they cuss, yell, stomp feet, wave fists, pitches rock…(rock proof windows)…kitchen forks, and spoons, rotten fruit, and broken tree limbs at the hovering air ship. I’m safely tucked in the rear seat with my wrists tied behind my back. I sigh with drama.
The ship floats over the fragments of busted blue concrete, gliding over the green and yellow field and then parks right in front of the newly constructed hangman’s gallows, just for me. I am dragged out into the bright sunshine.
My petiteness is framed by two muscular guards measuring over six feet in height. Rex isn’t taking any chance with me escaping on my Execution Day. Each boot heel on the set of fourteen steps…(yeah, I counted)…ends my short life of 17 years, 7 months, 7 days, 7 hours, 7 minutes, and 7 seconds (Earth time). I feel relatively calm about the entire process and a little relieved. Every citizen knows my big secret, Earth alien. I sigh with doneness.
The nice Guards dress my neck in a rough white rope while black thin wires scratch the leather of my black and pink pointy toe cowgirl boots. They bow tie me like a Christmas ornament with purple ribbons around my chest crashing my armpits against my itchy dirty black turtleneck. Then, Rita magical appears before me…well…she has stumbled up the stairs. She bad breathes into my nostrils, because she’s a mean and rude royal-tee. I sigh with manners.
She beautifully wears a new cotton purple floor-long gown complete with a three-foot train as it lounges off the end of the pine wood, decorating with rows of awesome diamond stubs around both her neck collar and wrist cuffs, a small diamond tiara in her upsweep hairdo.
I josh with a sweet smile. “You didn’t have to get all dressed up, just for me, Rita.”
Rita snorts unladylike then giggles. Her hands park on her fitted belt. “I’m going to a party…after your hanging. Don’t be so vein, Starra! If that, really, is your real name?” She mouth spits with salvia.
I tilt my chin to the left of the impacting dirty bomb, laughing like a silly kid. Then, I smile, bragging. “Earthlings are designated by two names. I’m Starra Starbuck.”
Rita smiles then frowns. “Then, General Starbuck…the secret space line. O, I see. You’re a very clever girl, Starbuck. Your good luck has just run out, here.” She laughs with an evil tone as I eye burn her pretty face. She says. “Before you die, I want you to know something, very important. What’s the old Earth expression? Dead men told no tales. If that dictum holds true, here, too, then you will not be tattling any tales in another three minutes.” She laughs with a nasty alto, grinning with a toothy smile while eye rolling, ugly.
I smirk. “Well! Make it quick, I have appointments to keep, Rita.”
“Earth humor!” Rita sings in alto timber then challenges. “I have a humorous riddle from Commerce for you. Let’s see if you can guess it, correctly.” She parts her red-painted lips like a dying fish, then says. “I ordered the attack. I destroyed the planets. I murdered Lady Rosa. I killed the innocent people. I stole your bot. I recorded the space message. I spied on Prince Rann. I am the traitor to King Rex, the citizens, and the universe.” Rita leans her face and bad breathes into my nose and tattles. “I am the assassin everyone’s whispering about, searching for, and hiding from…death.” She suddenly stops, squawking a black crow from fright. I sigh with doom.
Rita doesn’t stop confessing. “I…sweetie…set you up to fall down…hard like a rock.” She winks at me. I desperately desire to shove her and her pretty purple dress off the seventy-foot green platform watching her gray guts bounce, land, and splatter red blood upon the blue cement ground below. Rita blinks her eyelashes once, twice then thrice, saying. “What’da ya say, girlfriend? Kitty-cat got your pink tongue.” She sorta uses the wrong set of words for the right meaning of the Earth expression, laughing at me.
“I believe, your Father will re-send my executive stay, once I tattle him the truth.” I smile.
Rita bounces her tiara, skull, and upper torso back and forth like a punching bag, grinning and giggling then leans her face into my nose. She whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings. “My…Father.” I T-sight each face of the 1,818,603 men, women, and children…(yeah, I’m that good)…scattered around the streets, sideways, bleachers, chairs, lawn, and grounds, without seeing Rex.
My T-powers ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
“When you slump into that zombie state, are you using your Tele thing, Starra?” Rita keenly observes as I blink my eyelashes once, twice then thrice with shock. She grins and giggles. “Not going to answer me? Well, you should try scanning with your talented Tele thingy beyond the stadium-bleachers.”
I faithfully obey and T-probe with Telepathy, leaving the stadium, and searching the auditorium, palaces, school…and hospital. There’s something at the hospital. It’s a warm body. I feel a little heat from the slo mo decaying dead tissues, since Rex has been plunged with a jeweled dagger that locates in his healthy heart. I nosily gasp breaking my Tele-link, hissing like a snake at Rita.
She sniggers like a sly weasel, gently tapping her sharp red painted index finger nail on my right cheekbone and smiles. “You’re good, sweetie. You located the body at the hospital morgue stone cold dead plus my poor Father. I know I should be sorry but…,” pouting, cute-like then laughs with a hardy tone for meanness. “I’m not.” She laughs another nasty round. “I’m afraid Rex cannot hear your naughty fairy tale about me. I am Rita Empress of the Universe. No one can stop me, not even the great Lady Starra Starbuck.” She grins with a toothy smile, using my full Earth name. I smirk with a set of crooked lips, ugly. I sigh with revenge.
Rita sounds like Peter. When he was miffed at my irrational Tele performance and tried to chastise me, it didn’t work with him, then. This isn’t gong to work with her, now. No citizen can stop her. Rita is right about that complicated convoluted crass comment. Because Rex, Rann, Bartholomew and Dirk isn’t capable of stopping her, since I know another capable citizen. I sigh with purpose.
“You’re doing it again, Starra Starbuck dropping into that zombie look with your Tele-thingy. Whatever! I’m afraid I have more baddie news for you, sweetie.” Rita bushes her left hand against her perfectly applied coral-colored makeup.
I see the glittery object, singing in bass flute. “Stang!” I have a hangman’s noose around my neck. Rex is dead, the only person that can save my fanny from death. Baron doesn’t want to marry me, and Rann is sad that I’m going to die. Rita flashes her pinky finger with a big fat diamond ring. My engagement ring from Bartholomew, I wore on my left hand on my fourth finger, yesterday.
“I’d invite you to the wedding, sweetie, but I don’t think you’d be able to attend on such short notice.” She hoots like an owl between her parted red painted lips. I sigh with jealousy.
I voice in flute soprano. “I pity you…marrying a good man only after…cheating,” giggling and smiling.
Rita frowns. “Witty remark, Starra Starbuck! You’re going to need it and your charming personality in the Afterlife.” She spins her body and dress, whipping the fabric from her sandals, trotting three tiny paces to the big red execution handle. She places a perfect set of five manicured fingernails on the five-finger gripe for releasing the gallows’ floor.
The Guard extends both his open palms holding a slender piece of rectangular purple ribbon to Rita. She asks. “Blind fold, Your Highness!”
Rita snorts unladylike, steadies her lean biceps on the handler. “No! Let her life flash, before her eyes.”
I stare at Rita’s dress hem. “You’re so kind and thoughtful, Rita.”
Rita smiles brightly, not moving her manicured fingernails or ugly face to me. “That’s Empress Rita to you, Earthling!” She jerks the red handle towards her chest with a soft click, “Prepare to die, Alien!” Rita shouts over the loud floor mechanics, detaching the hangman’s frame then drops seventy feet onto the cement with an echoing boom.
I do not.
During Rita’s long winded “Bye and Hope You Suffer Forever” speech, exceeding her set time limit of the three minutes…(yeah, I counted)…before my scheduled appointment to die. I had neatly untied the tight ropes, annoyingly cutting into my wrist bones, using a T-whip of Telekinesis, freeing my hands. Then I had subtlety separated the nasty loops of my rope neckline, since the swaying gravity friction was cutting into my turtleneck, creating a solid raw mark on my delicate throat, using a T-flare of more Telekinesis.
I smile with a set of beautiful white teeth and levitate like a bird, without wings in the baby blue sky. We stand even with the nose-bleed game seats, inside the Stadium. I lovingly dangle with my right hand the spidery ropes then drop. The rope fall down the gallows’ shoot hole. Rita nosily gasps in shock, first, then hisses like a snake, second, then back steps in her sandals from the hangman’s noose near the edge of the platform like a chicken dookie, third.
Rita hollers. “Grab her!” The big tall Guards climb, clown-like over each other along the flimsy wooden narrow steps which are ten feet wide by nine feet long. They chase after me while Rita declares. “Kill her, you idiots!” I float my boots up from the solid floor, pressing my frame into a ball against the solid wall corner intersection of hangman’s gallows.
The dumb muscle bound men and women Guards pull their masers from the hostlers, bombarding freely a series of red bolts at me. Red is the kill color mode on a maser, which disintegrates an alive and breathing rosy body into gray ashes. I swiftly jerk both bracelets into my frustrated face, protecting my freckles as the diamonds absorb the deadly red wave effortlessly. I sigh with life.
Numerous red waves target me. I swing both my arms in a pattern of vertical, horizontal, and sideway movements while the twin diamonds eat shot after shot of fire from the annoying Guards. Then, I finally get smart and reflect a single red wave back towards one shooter, hitting his boot and the platform, watching a yellow and blue fire explode in the air waves. He Guard successfully dives off via his boots, first, and, second, cries like a baby for his Mama. He lands safely inside the bouncy trampoline for an easy escape. What?
One by one a Guard stops firing at me and abandons their post, crying for their Mama’s breast milk as I giggle with entertainment.
Rita curses, viewing me as I view her.
I mentally think run, fight, surrender or destroy. I quickly examine the jewelry on my wrists, remembering Rosa’s verbal warning: do not smash the stones. I flip the diamonds inside my inner arms, and stretch, giraffe-like my arms parallel to the wooden floor away from my face.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus. Control.
I combo my T-powers of Telepathy, Telekinesis, Teleclairvoyance, and Telemetabolics coupled with my physical human strength like Rosa has taught me. Then, I violently smash my wrists, shuttering forever the beautiful stones. The diamond chips in an assortment of shapes and sizes explode like a fine black powder onto my hair, face, turtleneck, collar bone, breasts, arms, hands, skirt, legs, and both my cowgirl boots, even covering the twin pink toes glistening in red and blue colored snowflakes twinkling from the beaming sunlight. I withdraw my wrist, examining the bracelets. The golden shell remains intact, but each diamond has totally disintegrated into nothingness. I sigh with disappointment.
Nothing happens! I scan the sour faces, the destroyed bleachers, and the dry field for a fantastic event. That has to be the only logical reason for not smashing the diamonds, ya’ll.
However, I’m left with a sour puss Rita and an unhappy universe that does not want me. So, I guess for my next Tele talent I try a jazzy song and dance number.
Rita laughs at me then steps her right sandal towards me, growling like a dying animal.
I whisper. “Ah, dookie!”
I feel the loud rumble of the inner guts of Planet Commerce violently shaking of her red soil as the man-made hangman’s gallows shift side to side under my boots. A baby blue sky paints quickly in an ugly black monster cloud as a series of invisible hurricane winds topple each noble flag and many royal banners inside the Stadium down into the grass. Many loud thunder cloud booms, while white crooked lightning bolts dance across the black sky, hitting the field after each wicked flash. Bang! Boom! Crack!
The citizens scream. The adults panic along with running children under the rumbling earth as the dirt shakes like a nest of invisible crooked snakes. Many rough earthquakes dance partner lousy with the buildings, dropping the hard stones and high roof tiles upon ground, grass, and groups of citizens.
Rita stops her advancement, eye burns the shifting wooden floor then views at me. She wears a pretty scowl on her lips then permanently threatens “I’ll get you later, Starra Starbuck.” She jumps, T-rex and lands on her fanny inside the bouncy trampoline. I laugh with a girly twang at her comical performance. I sigh with amusement.
Bang! Boom! Crack! A white lightning bolt cracks, streaking pretty above my skull as many tiny blue streams of electrical currents tingle around my sweaty freckles and plastered hair bangs. My entire scalp of gray hair stands soldierly as the lightning bolt pierces my brain matter.
I pass out into darkness, totally.

Unknown planet. Unknown galaxy. Unknown place. I sit, numbingly in my assigned seat and blind, purposefully with my eyelashes closed inside the hot cabin of the ancient Earth space shuttle not moving, not thinking, and not praying. I am alive, thankfully.
I un-belt the cloth webbing x-shaped restraints around my chest and quickly pop my space suit helmet off my skull, feeling something wet, cold, and sticky sweat against the nape of my neck. I turn and stare horribly at rear of my assigned seat filled with lots of sparkling puke green vomit from an unconscious Lulu’s open red swollen lips behind me. Then, I yell. “What the hey?”
Peter kneecaps besides me on the floor, eye burning my hair roots to my space suit boots. “Are you alright, Starra?” I swing my curls at the alive and breathing Tele mates, who eye burn me.
Lulu blinks open her eyelashes and jumps, kitten-like from her chair then slow dances up and down the short aisle inside the cabin, wiping puke green vomit from her nose and lips. She shouts with happiness. “I was right. I was right. There’s a brown planet, a blue sky, and a yellow sun.” She trots her fat fanny and then bad breathes in my face, smiling. “You see Miss-I-Don’t-Know-It-All, I am right. Your plan did not work.” She sticks out her pink tongue and wiggles it like a kid, holding an empty syringe of the sleeping tranquilizer contents.
I rub my sweaty forehead with my gloved hand, recalling. Lulu broke the Tele-mediation-cycle, panicking. I grabbed the needle then stabbed Lulu in her arm, moving the space shuttle out of wormhole. I sigh with memory loss.
“You tried to stab Lulu with the needle, but accidentally injected the serum into your leg, because of the violent turbulent. You passed out, Starra. You were unconscious for the entire space trip from the beginning point entrance of the wormhole to the end point landing by Jim and Cervantes on Vor.” Peter nods with my absent space adventure.
Kenya stands near the hatch, holding his flip-flopping stomach with both hands. “Starra’s the lucky one. That landing was a very scary ride. I don’t want to repeat it…ever.”
I shift my weight towards my feet to stand. Peter uprights and holds both his palms to my collar bone, nodding. “Starra, I want you to rest for a while until the wagons are fully loaded with the gear, then we can investigate Vor…all of us. You have a nasty headache use your Telemetabolics and try to clear it away.” He smiles then swings his body towards the open hatchway. The other Teles pour out like liquid through the open hatch, into a bright yellow light of a healthy sun with Peter commanding his leader instructions.
I T-zap with Telemetabolics, clearing quickly the dizzy headache from the strong tranquilizer potion, and heal a few annoying body aches and pains to my bounced like rubber ball battered and bruised body. Then, I slowly shift my weigh to two booted feet and gingerly stand in place for a few seconds. I slowly count twelve seats in good condition, walking to the shuttle’s cockpit with an open door inviting visitors. I sigh with normal.
I stand in the archway and stare out the port window. I walk to the console and lean my face over the pilot’s chair, studying the small radar, and viewing the rough terrain. I sigh with surprise.
I see a series of tall mountains on my left with dead trees, dead brown bushes, and dead foliage on my right and a dry narrow vehicle path in the middle of a brown planet. My Tele-senses ping. Everything is fine, darling.
I stare out the window, cocking my skull to the right. “There’s a structure about thirteen miles northeast of our position.”
Cervantes re-positions the active radar to the northeast direction, checking my correct information. He gestures in a nasty animal grunt then asks. “How’da ya know?”
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus. Control.
I Tele-see the eighteen-story old warehouse within my metaphysically eyes then blink open my eyelashes. I smart-hole, frowning. “I’m a Tele.”
Cervantes fiddles the switches and jack-holes back to me. “You thunk!” Then, the console beeps.
“Juan, need your help in engineering….,” voicing in Jim’s tenor via the tiny speaker.
Cervantes neck snaps his skull and eye burns me, shifting his body from the chair then swings his frame and paths out the cockpit.
I follow to attend my duties as the farmer on the first intergalactic space mission to verify a new planet for Earthlings. Joy!
Cervantes back steps his body using the metal ladder onto the brown soil. I jump, T-rex from the ten-foot platform and then squat on bend knees while twirling brown tornados in the air while Tele mates perform their jobs.
Then, I toss back my skull and eye-scan a warm yellow sun, a pretty baby blue sky, a smooth brown earth, and blink back a set of gathered wet tears.

I flash past, mentally when I vividly recalled meeting new people, places, planets, and palaces. Then, I flash present, mentally somehow and someway, I have traveled a path in a different space and time creating a second alien-timeline inside the same universe.

“I’m back….as the alien,” whispering like delicate butterfly’s wings.
I scan with squinted eyelashes at the really bright yellow sun. On Planet Earth, the sun is green, blue, red, orange, aqua…(yeah, baby)…and other colors that I don’t have time to dig deep into my other memory banks. Cervantes blind sides me with a pointy elbow, since his arms are filled with metal mechanic parts. I shake my silver curls then eye burn the smooth brown soil recognizing it from…somewhere, and sometime, and somehow. Now, I remember, it was yesterday. I sign with confusion.
I clap my hands front and back in a swinging motion then slap them together like a performing monkey along with the butterflies flip-flopping like a set of cymbals inside my tummy. “Yeah, doggie do-do. I…am back here. So, I am the alien…twice in the new galaxy.” I softly whisper before the other big Tele-ears pick up my verbal whining. I shake my bangs in my eye sockets as the hair falls over my eyelashes carelessly. I see Peter waving with his two arms like a train conductor for the Earth Choo-Choo train.

Day 20. Bonita. space shuttle Earth. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. hot day. two in afternoon. I slowly trot in my sweaty jumpsuit and three-inched knee-high boots wondering my selection process of a pair of a girly fashion boots. Since, they looked really cute sitting lonely on the shoe shelf.
The extra heel inches make me look taller like a fashion model at five feet, and four inches instead of five feet, and one inch, giggling. I admire the pair of short and low black practical hiking boots that wiggle on fat Lulu’s legs as my heels silently drown in the soft soil.
I arrive alive, grinning at Peter. He firmly slaps the earth-solar-bike that looks like a little kid’s fun ride with the two old-fashioned split handler bars holding a sophisticated bunch of controls for go, stop, and reverse. I giggle at the bike-seat in the shape of a banana, but black, not yellow. No joke! The biggest surprise is that there aren’t any wheels, only two sets of six-feet long flat skis like was used in the ancient-Earth sport of snow skiing. Skiing is sometimes done by wealthy folks in one of western earth-Domes. I should’ve done skiing on snow for my out of this world adventure then this freebie freaking ride, giggling.
Peter gives me a fatherly teddy bear hug, asking. “Are you alright, Starra?” He croaks in his tenor saxophone, being a stocky man with large bones.
I eye burn my Tele-mates standing like ugly ducks in a row while watching and waiting for their duck-commander. I nod at them while watching Lulu attack…joking…waddle from the Choo-Choo train to my right.
Peter whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings, not. He uprights then smirks in a loud tenor, “Good! I’m glad you’re feeling better. You…Starra are the farmer. You…Starra are the superstar. You…Starra are here to determine if we…die…all at once…as Earthlings. Or, if we can’t live, here permanently on Vor.” I nod in silence acceptance of my primary duty as Peter says. “And, don’t worry about your Tele-mates. They’re not too upset that you fainted inside the cabin. You predicted that would happen to someone on your first day of Alien Protocol. Do you remember Starra?” Peter chuckles like a silly clown as I wrinkle my forehead, pretty and crinkle my button nose, cute-like with his nasty words. Since, ha-ha funny Peter doesn’t know when to quit.
Peter says. “Just ignore any nasty badgering or bantering from any Teles, since they’re experiencing some a set of major backlash after excreting almost all their Tele-talents and physical strength…while you…Starra are still in both appearance and metaphysically in tip top medical and physical shape, now. You just complete your assigned farmer-job as planned and let this all just pass us by. Should we, Starra?” He chuckles like a silly clown for a second time, releasing me and neck snapping to the line-up of Tele mates.
I T-view their angry faces of different facial expression like twisting lips, roaming eyeballs, wrinkling foreheads, and a few are flexing their biceps. The black thin material bags shuffles up and down within their hands, while I realize that I don’t have my personal Tele-gear for an emergency. And, I note. All their black bagged luggage is attached to the bikes, cars, and wagons. I snarl like an alligator.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus. Control.
I T-see with Teleclairvoyance the black bag inside my locked and sealed personal locker in the rear storage room on the shuttle. Then, I T-zap using Telekinesis and break the stupid golden plated padded lock as lots of rectangular, square, and circled stuff falls out and over the dirty floor.
I whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings. “I don’t really give a dang, Scarlett.” I T-grip using Telekinesis, snatching the light weight bag containing three clean pairs of girly panties. Ya never know when I’m might get into an accident, sniggering.
I T-grab one black T-shirt, one black running shorts, a pair of black sneakers with no socks, a first aid kit, a toothbrush, a hair brush, a tube of lip gloss, that I really need, now. Both my lips and face are chapped from the bright hot sun. And, I finally T-lift my United Earth Government issued hand pistol into the bag. I T-zip the zipper.
The bag magically floats with invisible hands about three-feet from the dirt. I could’ve hovered it five-feet from the dirt, maybe, ten-feet or twenty-two-feet in the air waves like a real ghost. The slender bag flies into my hands with a murderous impact. I giggle.
I back step in my fashion boots, sinking into the dirt. I cut my eyeballs to Peter, who has finished checking the flying controls on the my bike like earth-farmers are all idiots. 
Okay! He believes I am the idiot from Earth.
Since, I showed off really very well at Tele-School, being the first graduate of my Tele-classes doing everything, first. I lifted the first Grandfather clock from the floor along with extending the 350-feet mark for lifting the ancient dead space shuttle, because I was his superstar Tele-student. The Tele-girl fainted inside the ship’s cabin during liftoff…naw…during cruising…naw…during my bathroom break.
I giggle with a girly twang.
Honestly, I recall a different tale…alien tale…that I am not going to repeat to no eardrums, because my Tele-mates do not like me, are mad at me, and probably hate my guts, right now. Yeah! I T-hear with Telepathy their mutters and mumbles about the failed Tele-superstar. I grunt like a wounded animal, since Peter just started the solar bike for me.
Pilot Jim cups his hands over his mouth, yelling at Peter. “Trains are loaded, Peter.” I witness him turn to the first solar vehicle assisting sweet Gigi with her gear and then into an empty seat like a true gentleman of Earth.
I smile and wish for my own true gentleman of any planet then slam the bag over the bike-handlers. Peter secures the item for me, again, while Lulu stands in my shadow.
Lulu bad breathes upon my chin, since she’s shorter than I. She smirks. “I was right.”
I swing my curls  and eye burn the four thick food bars made of chocolate, peanuts, rice and a sweet smelling gooey something, realizing. I’m both hungry and exhausted.
The metaphysical mistress, who is Queen-sized woman at 4-feet and 11-inches, weighs in a 162-pounds, 10-ounces, and probably three-pounds heavier. She wears pixie white hair over a pink skin tone and green dancing eyes at me. She swallows the lumpy bar, mumbling. “Trains are ready, Peter. We should leave, now, before Starra faints, again, from the harsh sunlight. Since, I cannot perform her secondary job gathering soil samples which doesn’t require any Tele-talents. Thank goodness for that blessing. Right Starra?”
I sneer like a junk yard dog as Peter pulls Lulu from me. He nods, chuckling. “Behave, children! I wanna a pow wow for my alien-instructions.” He and Lulu walk together whispering into each other eardrum secret soft words….probably about me, while I pad behind them.
The other Teles huddle in a circle while Peter says and fingers the brown soil then the northwest direction.
I whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Bonita.” I jerk my face, kicking the brown dirt with my right boot heel, feeling a yellow sunshine heating my freckles.
I flash past, mentally to the first alien-timeline when I singled handed crash-landed the Earth space shuttle on Bonita, 19 days ago. Then, I flash present, mentally that I know the real name of this world, which isn’t Vor or Earth or related to any Earthling.
Peter nods, “…strange structure is about thirteen miles northeast of our position between the range of tall mountains on the left and the trees on the right. We will transverse the dry narrow path in the middle of Vor as to our destination.” He drinks water.
 My Tele-senses ping. Everything is fine, darling.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus. Control.
I Tele-see an eighteen story old warehouse within my metaphysically eyes then blink open my eyelashes.
Peter fingers the earth-solar-train of vehicles. “Everyone grab a seat on the train or a solar bike. Don’t gun the engines! They travel slowly at twenty-miles-per-hour. We investigate the structure which is thirteen-miles northeast of us, first, then we will scout for animals and plants, second. Does everyone understand my orders?” Skulls nods as Peter laughs. “Follow the leader!” He chuckles like a silly clown, tossing his left leg over the banana seat of bike, gunning the slo no engine like a Middle-school fart.
I jog back to my bike at the end of the line, while Teles travel in a single file upon four-wheeled Earth terrain vehicles and attached wagons with lots of useless stuff. I lean my shoulder blades into the padded back rest and wiggle my bee_hind comfortably into the banana seat that feels funny. I locate the music player with the pre-loaded music tape during one of my many training exercises with Jim, loading 5,874-pieces of junk into the empty shuttle’s cargo hold.
I tap the button, propping my fashion boot toes upon the two handler bars connection points at the base of the console and close my eyelashes. Country music invades my eardrums, while the sound echoes forward into the last solar-vehicle holding Kenya and Lulu.
Lulu T-sights using her Teleclairvoyance into my open mind. Lulu neck snaps her skull at me and mouths: shut that off, Starra. 
I T-shield using my Telepathy then giggle with a girly twang.

I flash back, mentally when I left Dall-Tex biosphere one-hour and 35-minutes, ago. I was Earth-girl Starra Starbuck, an official United North American Government Ecosphere Administrator for farm Starbuck Plantation. I was 5-feet, one-inch short, weighing in at 95-pounds and one-ounce, possessing waist length gray wavy hair…

I flip open my eyelashes blinking once, twice, and thrice into the bright sunlight, leaning my breasts forward towards the console and grabbing my waist-length hair into a thick ponytail. I swish the smooth hairy ends towards my face. I see silver grayish hair to my waist.
Geez! Okay! That means, I have day-dreamed coming to this planet which is correctly named Bonita during my drug-snoozed sleep. I present fish lips, ugly, seeing. Lulu is staring at me stretching her neck like an alligator, since she’s too fat for a giraffe. I snort like a wild boar.
I lean back into the padded chair, closing my eyelashes and allowing my mind to drift into outer space back home on Planet Earth.

I flash past, mentally when I rode my horse named Thunderfoot inside the open green fields on farm of 6,178-acres of cotton, corn, and cows examining the weird-o gray flowers and black weeds along the ecosphere...

“Halt!” The bike-speaker on the console imitates Peter’s tenor. I giggle. The earth-bike automatically slows then stalls, and then putts off as the bike-speaker says. “Get off transports. We walk from here. Stay sharp! Be quiet. We don’t want to disturb the aliens.” The speaker chuckles like a silly clown similar to Peter’s laughter.
I stand, whispering like delicate butterfly’s wings. “I am the alien.” I watch Teles fall to the ground like cut logs…one at a time upon their faces, chests, and legs to the ground.
Lulu crawls on her belly button and orders in a whisper, which I can hear with my Tele-eardrums. “Get down, Starra.” I ignore her, staring studiously at the warehouse that colors in faded brown.
The alien-structure is huge probably eighteen stories high and half, a city block wide. It covers with lots of dead veins, eight dry flower beds, and one battered, beaten, and weathered door. 
I whisper, “A time warp?” Lulu punches my fashion boot as I ignore her, pondering scientifically.
I am stuck in a space loop, a time space warp or a alien time line…ya know…where time and space repeats, itself over and over and over, again. Because, I’m telling ya’ll folks that I have been here, before.
And, this phenomenon does exist from my extensive reading about in books, maybe science fiction books, but it still exists making me, the living human being person, who has visited here in an unknown universe, twice. I sigh with familiarity.
Lulu sics a rotten tree branch on my right boot as the tree stick breaks in half. She whispers. “Get down, Starra, before the aliens see you.” She crawls on fives…(palms, kneecaps, and belly button)…joining the Tele slumber party at my kneecaps.
From my right, there is Lulu, Peter, Saudi, Kenya, Gigi, Jim, and Cervantes, who uprights a hand pistol in his right hand to shoot more dead tree limbs. I snort.
They hide behind two horizontal rows of dead and dry brown bushes, spying on the warehouse door, then Peter ridiculously belly crawls in a forward manner to the next dry and dead brush. The Teles watch, eagerly.
Peter signals his right hand to Cervantes, who ridiculously belly crawls on the opposite post of Peter, so he can soldierly guard the Earth-troops. I grin and giggle.
I’m attacked, again as Lulu tosses a hard rock at my left fashion boot scraping the black leather. She whispers, “Get down, alien.” I obey and drop upon fours…(palms and kneecaps)…with a snarl like an alligator as Saudi lines beside Peter. Lulu advances her snaky movement.
“No one is home,” whispering then T-switch with Telepathy and mind probe any person, animal or living thing inside the warehouse. Nothing! I sigh with familiarity.
For Peter’s next trick, he slowly lifts and levitates a five-inched tree twig from the dry yellow ground towards one of many cracks throughout the side window. I jump, kitten-like from my crouch, standing and wiggling my ears and nose like a witch. Nothing happens.
I’m not a witch, but a Tele.
So, I step a right foot, since I’m right-handed, which is the strongest side of my body and nosily crush the dry leaves with my fashion boots. I cut a solo crunchy path towards the alien-warehouse, by-passing a sleeping Peter on the dirt. Then, I leap, kitten-like over the rotten steps…(remembered, darling)…then safely land on the front-porch. The weather rotten planks give me heck, while I drop steady into more brown dirt with no insects. Thank almighty goodness!
The Teles viciously laugh and loudly grunt animal sounds for greedy fun at my serious accident, while I T-jump with Telekinesis and beautifully re-land right in front of that door. then, I rear my right leg at the knee and kick the snot of that door with a booted sole as it falls like sweet raindrops on the tile, breaking into a hundred pieces of smelly rot.
Then, I gallop two steps…more like a glissade…(yeah, I do ballet). That’s a slide of your outstretched horizontal foot heel in front of your horizontal right foot, instead I slide my left front toe beside my right foot barely inside the archway and permanently stop, seeing.
There are three star ships, numerous white cobwebs, lots of brown dust over the black cabinets, and creepy and scary emptiness of the very large room. I stand like an alien-princess then shout like a baseball umpire in bass flute, “All clear!”
Cervantes elbows another perfect slam dunk into my right bicep shoving me purposefully deeper into the room as Peter burns invisible fire balls behind the skull of my head. My T-powers scream with alert. Peter parks his tallness in the middle of the star ships painting in the color of silver inside the really big non-dancing-hall-room.
Kenya smiles, stepping though the doorway. “Wow!”
“Look at this room!” Gigi smiles, swishing her happy face side to side at the dimensions of the warehouse.
“Don’t touch anything, unless it is scanned, first.” Peter nods, without moving. He rotates his neck muscles with one eyeball on Teles and the other on the ship, saying. “Lulu, set up the kitchen and food refreshment service, please. Kenya and Gigi secure the remaining portion of interior house and outside grounds. Starra, I need specimens of soil, animal, and plants, since you’re the farmer, here.” He stares at me, smirking with a set of crooked lips, right which makes me wonder, if he knows my alien secret. He faces Saudi. “Saudi, please do a series of medical and mental bio scans of all personnel for an infections, diseases or germs, and Huntress, please scout for any life forms, human or animals within a five-mile radius of this structure. Well, move people! We don’t have all day to stay and play. We finish and drive back home, reporting our success and celebrate with a victory party, while, I use my talents to examine these ancient vehicles.” Peter shuffles his boots to the smallest ship. Teles scatter like field mice for their practiced and prepared duties.
I watch Peter touch the top of the ship, whispering like butterfly’s wings. “Zipper, the ship is named appropriately a zipper. It holds two people and two pieces of small luggage.” I close my eyelashes and rub the nape of my sweaty neck then gracefully pirouette towards the archway walking in a straight line towards the bike. I sigh with familiarity.

dead grass. dead leaves. Dead trees. dead flowers. dead forest. yellow sun. blue sky. white clouds. light breeze. cool air. 76°F. I fly and park five-miles from the warehouse in the south direction as opposed to the north direction. I stare into the clouds that hover in the north, whispering like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Castle.” I shake my curls, clearing my jumbled mental thoughts.
I have visited here, before. Now, I’m back as Farmer Starra fumbling for the bag leather case of soil equipment. I pull three specimen glass bottles from United Earth Government Laboratory and pop the rubber lid on the first bottle. I nervously juggle the three bottles like a stupid clown, dropping all three upon the dirt. I squat to examine the soil, feeling it hard and dry.
I brilliantly doom. “The planet is dead. No life! No bacteria! No food! And, no hope for the soon to be dead Earthlings.” I sigh with disappointment.
Food cannot be grown, without lots of nutrients in the fertile soil as I plow the empty bottle in the dead soil and gather dead hard dry brown dirt. I mentally note that the soil’s a little darker than the normal pale tan color from the first, “alien-timeline,” giggling and shaking my curls. I lift the 95% full first dirt sample, rumbling in my flute soprano, smiling, “Plant sample.”
I smash the rubber lid on the top, eye burning the plot of many, many dead trees, dead bushes, and dead grass, standing and trotting to the nearest dead tree trunk. I kneecap and then crunch and collect some of the dead brown dry leaves, stuffing them into a second specimen bottle. I ponder deeply about an animal specimen.
If a solo animal is here, then I need to collect a piece of animal’s dookie sample and analyze the bacteria content like a real Earth scientist. I snort like a wild boar. I Tele-scan with Teleclairvoyance, seeing. There are no beasty life forms in the baby blue sky, on the dry brown land or in black murky ocean.
I whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Dirk!” He exists here, too, and is the only beast on Bonita. I open my eyelashes and survey the sky, and land, seeing no water. I sigh with nervousness.
Return to base! Peter connects, links, and Teles to me. I re-seat upon the banana seat, daydreaming for one-hour, 14-minutes, and 39-seconds (Earth time). I sigh with shock.

warehouse. I snail-walk through the archway while Peter shouts at the too freaking serious-minded attentive Teles. Peter holds his arms in a half-moon with wiggling his finger pads, smiling. “I dub this space, the Exhibition.”
I whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Museum is a better term.”
Peter pats the top of the smallest ship while enjoying his prime duty as the space man from Earth. He reads out loud like a fairy tale story on the electronic tablet which located inside the ship’s compartment. “I’ve done my homework, here. The small one, here, is called a zipper that holds two people and three bags of luggage.” Teles nod their skulls up and down like a field of farm ponies. They gather around the three ship, parking bee_hindies against the silver paint job.
Lulu enters from the side door, nodding. “Kitchen’s ready, sir.” She smiles then eats another bite of her good smelling chocolate bar.
Saudi reports with a smile, nodding. “No contamination, no infections, and no sickness to report, sir. Everyone’s in excellent health, especially Starra. She recovered well from the sleeping potion.” Eyeballs turn to me as I stand in front of the door ready to leap into the wormhole for home.
Huntress says with no emotion, as usually plus her smirk, as usually. “No life forms present in the building or outside the perimeter, sir.” She asks. “Should I expand the radius to ten miles, Peter?”
Peter shakes his skull. “Not yet! Kenya and Gigi, please report?”
Kenya smiles. “There is life, here. I have discovered evidence of humanoids in the elegant body form like us, Earthlings.” The Teles coo in union like a flock of baby blue jays.
Gigi smiles. “I count eight planets…”
I eye burn the floor, whispering like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Agri, Sahara, Commerce, Bio, Resort, Tech, Ice, Uni, Bonita, and twin space stations of Militia.” I sigh with familiarity.
Lulu slams her thick hiking boot into my foot, frowning. “What have you found, Starra?” I T-shield my mind quickly forgetting about some of the more talented Teles around me.
Peter tosses his hand, saying. “Once, we have returned and reported our newly found alien-discoveries then will come back and set up a Command Post, right here. We can learn all about the aliens’ ancient artifacts and study the star ships in more detail. For the time being, we’ll concentrate on the task at hand. Gimme us your farm report in a minute, Starra. Please, finish, first, Kenya!”
Kenya nods, reading his mini-globe. “The galaxy has a natural grayish-sparkling white glittery space rock formation in middle of solar system. I find this the strangest type of physics ever seen in a real working application…”
I eye burn out the window and whispering, “The Wall.” I sigh with familiarity.
Kenya reads, “….called an oligarchy which establishes both a noble class and a commoner class, where the noble titles include prince, viscount, duke, governess, countess, and so on. The establishment is funded by an economic system with some type of money. I’m researching that item.”
“Lord Dirk…,” whispering like delicate butterfly’s wings. I sigh with more familiarity.
Peter nods, smiling. “You have my permission to recruit anyone you need to assist with your alien-data gathering, Kenya. If there are humanoids, here, then let’s find out who, what, why, when, where, and how, Tele-people.” Peter neck snaps his skull and eye burns me. “Starra!?”
I swallow the gathered mouth salvia, staring at Peter. I have concluded that there is no life on this planet that the brilliant scientists have picked as the new home of Earthlings. So, improperly I re-adjust, meekly talking in a soft piano. “I….have gathered the required samples for an analysis in the United Earth Government Laboratory…”
“I can do that.” Cervantes says with a nasty tenor as I swing my curls  and eye burn with my invisible X-ray pupils, which doesn’t seem to work. He viciously says, “What’s your expert farming opinion of the soil on Vor, Farmer Starra?” I rotate my neck muscles around the large room, staring at each face, then I nosily inhale then silently exhale. I sigh with disappointment.
They want an answer. So, I have a good answer. “Dead.” I spit, coldly as Teles nosily gasp for air or fright. My Tele-senses are too emotional to read a fellow Tele.
“Dead!?” Cervantes tosses both arms like he is fighting a grizzly bear. “We flew 1.1 million years to a…d.e.a.d…planet. Do you actually know what you’re doing, Farmer Brown?”
I know that I am not Farmer Brown. And, I’m sick of his verbal and abusive nasty English remarks directed personally at my IQ and my gray hair, since my first day of Tele Training on Planet Earth. I sigh with doom…his.
Saudi nods. “I agree with Starra’s analysis. I mentioned that we…are…not contaminated, because it is due to one simple biological fact. There is no bacterium on this planet. Starra is correct in this is a…d.e.a.d…world.” Teles nosily gasp from fright, this time I’m pretty sure about that scary sound from their tight throats snort gags.
Huntress nods. “I have to concur with Saudi and Starra. No animals living within an area usually means no food, no water, and…,” rotating her neck muscles around room, while terminating. “…no life to sustain them.” The Teles grumble in both loud and soft musical tones.
Peter waves both arms in the air, calming the troops. “Tele-people. Calm down! The planet might be dead. Can it be recycled for growing food, Starra?” He looks at me. I sigh with worry.
I theorize based on all my formal education and field experience. “There…is a slight possibility that the healthy nutrients and minerals can be forced feed into the soil, creating a section of fertile ground for growing limited crops. But, that process takes months to complete…”
Peter stands with his folded fists on his belt loops, bobbing his skull up and down like a farm pony, “Yes or no?” I eye burn the wall corner searching for the peaky cockroach that has sneaked inside the space shuttle and followed us, here, inside the alien-warehouse for food and water.
Then, I look at Peter, singing in bass flute music. “N…”
Peter strikes his two hands, loudly, together like a pair of musical cymbals, grinning with a toothy smile and bobbing his skull up and down, several times at me. The smiling Teles copy his body movement.
I cringe then say in soft piano, “Nnn…not a negative answer, but the answer is yes.” I sigh with death.
Peter nods, smiling, “Excellent! That’s the answer I’m seeking. Thank you, Farmer Starra.”
Cervantes sneers, “Farmer Brown…”
The Teles snigger like a pack of weasels as Peter nods. “We have the most important positive feedback and a sound method to revitalize the nutrients in the soil. We can inform the United Earth Government of our working plans to inhabit Vor for all Earthlings.”
I view the floor. “Another example of government bull pen stuff...”
Peter shuffles to my face, frowning. “Do you have something else to add, Farmer Starra?” I shake my gray curls as he neck snaps his skull to the Teles, saying. “We have more questions than answers. I want data. Let’s get to work, people.” He eye burns me. The Teles scurry like cockroaches in the light when Peter grabs my forearm, tugging me towards the archway. “Starra, may I speak with you in private, please?”
We rapidly walk outside into the beautiful yellow sunshine and clear blue skies away from Teles. He asks with his tomcat curiosity. “You’re acting very odd, Starra. How did you know this structure was empty? I cannot tell using my Telepathy.” I park my bee_hind on the fallen log then shrug both my shoulders as Peter admires the sky then me. He says with worry. “I don’t understand any of this. I seem to be…having trouble sensing physical objects beyond my normal parameter using my Tele powers. How are you able to perform this feat by yourself?”
I dare not answer his question, truthfully, since Peter thinks me incompetent, one and absolutely crazy, second.
Since, I really have vacationed, here, for the past lovely nineteen fun-filled days and thrilling starry nights of my second earth-life trapped inside a space alien-timeline.
I lie, honestly. “I just know. I can’t explain, how. My Teleclairvoyance isn’t that bad, really. I realized in Tele-training that I didn’t show much promise for seeing future events. Lulu always hogged the ‘prediction show. But, I do possess some of that moody talent. I guess that I’m able to see things much better being on this alien planet, in the alien galaxy than my native home Planet Earth.” I smile and giggle, “I am the alien, here.”
Peter screws his eyebrows, ugly while eye burning my face. “I see.” I snigger then compose my curling lips, since I find those two simple words, very amusing to my psyche. He asks with tomcat curiosity. “Is there anything else you just know about in which I might need to just know about, Starra?”
I penetrate his brown eyeballs, lying. “No.” I’m keeping my secrets until I figure out this alien-timeline thing. I sigh with deceit.
Kenya intrudes upon our private chat. He nosily inhales holding for two seconds then rushes the exhaled air like a playing a trumpet, smiling. “I love it, here. You can breathe the fresh air within your human lungs. I want to stay permanently, not return to Earth, Peter.” Peter nods in silence acknowledgement. Kenya reads his electronic tablet. “I’ve found some interesting information to share with the group. This world is a 10-base system which is 50-seconds in a minute and 50-minutes in an hour. That calculates into 20-hours in a day, and 300-days in a year. Money is the power of glory and attention in this galaxy. It controls everything from foodstuffs, living supplies, work jobs, property land, and people, who attend and perform the social activities and entertainment. The money is termed…”
I whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings, “Currs.” I sigh with extreme familiarity.
Gigi joins us, nodding, “Currs. The money is called currs. But, I have stumbled upon one speculate item. There’s a king, who owns everything, which includes the planets, the money, and the people. He rules over the aristocratic class, consisting of a queen, a prince, a duke, and other named noble titles. The lower class is called, commoners, who depend on the nobles for shelter, food, and jobs.”
I whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Prince Rann.” I sigh with awesome familiarity.
Kenya says. “The most important information in this newly discovered society is that people use only first names to address an individual. There are no last names. Nobles have titles. The other people are called commoners.”
I whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Lady Starra.” Lulu, Huntress, and Saudi quickly join the huddle whispering in each other’s eardrums with a shared secret.
Huntress fingers the north fluffy clouds, saying. “The radar has picked up a second building ten miles due north. And, there’s a heated single life form clearly marked and reading on the bio-scan. Saudi has confirmed as human, not animal.”
“What information’s listed on that building?” Martin asks to Kenya.
Kenya says. “None,” smiling and nodding. “We should investigate, Peter.” The Teles copy the action along with some tippy toes bouncing with excitement. I sigh with trouble.
“I agree.” Gigi claps hands against her tablet.
“Me, too,” Lulu smiles with a happy timbre.
Huntress questions with a sneer, as usually. “Are we going to infiltrate the enemy, sir?” Teles turn to Peter.
He grins. “They’re not the enemy. We’re the aliens, here.” He slaps Kenya on the back. “Then, we, Earthlings must be classified as commoners, too along with the other common life folks that live, here. I suggest no titles of any kind for us. I want you to eliminate doctor or professor from your formal vocabulary. Everyone start the practice of using first names.” He shouts to illustrate his explanation, finger pointing at his chest. “I…am… Peter. No Doctor Martin and no, sir title. Let’s have half the team prep your gear into the two trains, while the other half spend our limited time reading Gigi’s completed background report about this new galaxy. We don’t want to be shaking hands with the commoners, if we’re supposed to shaking another part of our body,” chuckling. “Dismissed!” The Teles scatter like field mice.
Gigi gently yanks on my forearm, leading me near the forest of dead trees away from Peter. She smiles. “Starra, I could use your metaphysically opinion.” She eye burns the sky, then the land and then returns her eyeballs to me. “You seem to have some special connection regarding this…world. I value your point of view about this new subject matter.” I eye burn the mini-globe hovering beside me that we brought from Earth as Gigi says. “I’ve entered all the information about the planets, solar system…,” pausing. She views Peter then returns eyeballs to me, smiling. “I suggest you preview the background of the galaxy, just in case…” She punches the button on the mini-communications globe as the formal report illuminates on the vertical platform. Gigi hands off the devise then leaves me.
I quietly sit on the log stump, while the green light illuminates my face with words.

The galaxy has two suns which date over a million years of existence. They form two parallel planes which are separated by a supernatural phenomenon that is called, the Wall. The Wall is located at the heart of the universe which is composed of space rock, debris, and other radiated space trash. There are two classes of people, nobles, and commoners.

I stop my reading, since I know that stuff from my first visit in the alien-timeline. I’m very impressed with Gigi’s work. She is both the translator and the social director of the Teles and knows her job and performs it, very well. I skip down as my eyeballs highlight some of the upper level information about the new universe.

Commoners work, but the nobles don’t, since the social order of the citizens is based on the monetary measurements, currs.
Planet Resort is a fake, colorful, and musical tourism planet. Your fun enjoyment and pleasure entertainment include fishing, dancing, and playing cards in the Conqueror daily tournaments.
Planet Sahara is an orange-colored dry desert planet which is nicknamed, the Prison Planet. There is no crime, only time, which is dictated by King Rex, where criminal guilty men and women maintain and dig out diamonds inside the underground rock mines. The only native inhabitants are sand snakes and sand spiders, which contain deadly poisonous venom.
Planet Agri provides all the foodstuffs, livestock, and raw materials for clothing and furniture, which is called, Food World. The residents are called Business-associates, who produce the food stuffs, livestock animals, and raw materials for both clothing and furniture.
Planet Commerce is established as the economic center of the universe featuring the yellow cobblestone street. The solo street connects the Royal palace to the numerous noble mansions, the merchandise vendor shops and leads the Royal-parade towards the Stadium for the weekly Game-sporting-event.
Bio world is the hospital of the galaxy. If a citizen becomes ill, the patient is sent to the planet of Bio for medical treatment by both citizen and robot personnel.
Planet Uni is the school planet, where all children live, play, eat, sleep, and study academic classes, starting at the age of four years old until graduation at the age of sixteen. Then, the teenage goes to work or continues their education.
The space station of Militia is not a moon, but a rotating metal planet locating on each side of the Wall, where the citizens are basically the galaxy-police, only for the noble class. They are distinguished by their unique neatly pressed and ironed white uniforms with bow-tied yellow satin sashes.
Tech World is the hi-tech metal assembly manufacturing plants and factories which is performed by robots and controlled by the citizen technicians while producing bots, appliances, electronics, and star ships.
Planet Ice is cold white snow covered land mass, half frozen water and half frozen island. The planet is used for exotic animal meats and more exotic sport animal hunting.
Planet Bonita…

I stop reading then view the crunchy dry dirt and leaves. I know this one.
Planet Bonita is dead, where the Earthlings have landed the earth-shuttle coloring in dull faded light brown.
I press the button, advancing to the next topic, seeing in red letters. Prince Rann.
I study the proper noun then swing my curls, searching for Gigi, who has disappeared. I silently debate reading about Rann and his shaky and shady past personal history.
 
I flash past, mentally when Lady Rose told me that Rann was born a commoner then ascended into royalty. I flash present, mentally that I am both kitty-cat curiosity and funeral road kill numb about the topic, the assassination method.

I studiously watch the blinking blue light that waits for my index finger pad to activate the demon tale. I snort like a wild boar then cut my eyeballs left and right for any nosy Teles.
Then, I press the button as the first sentence appears, while I smirk with a set of crooked lips, right.

Rann has a mother and a father, commoners. They own and operate a small fishing boat expedition on planet Resort, carrying the tourists into the green blue crystal clear ponds for fishing.
‘The accident was quick and painless,’ echoed by Marquis Roy, noble of Resort at the funeral of both Rann’s parents, who were killed instantly. Their boat’s old engines shifted into a high speed gear and then swiftly ramped into the solid coral Seaside Wall.
Rann inherits a small two-bedroom apartment which is located in one of the many casino hotels and a smaller curr account. Roy offers him a paying job at the one of the casino hotels on the other side of town. Rann accepts as a young and ambitious sixteen-year old. Since, he was born and reared on planet Resort. While under his parent’s guidance he had visited the casino, before, when his father needed to borrow currs for a financial loan to repair the old boat.
As a new employee, he watches and studies the daily Conqueror Tournament for six months. No citizen can walk into the casino, playing a few hands of cards and then leave with a million currs inside their trouser pocket.
Rann enjoys playing the Conqueror game as offer as he can afford them. Bluffing is the easy part of the game for Rann, while currs is the hard part. He doesn’t have enough currs to play and pay the high monetary bets with the nobles or professional gamblers. One or two bad card hands will cause a Conqueror-player to lose everything in a flash of a second.
After six months of employment with Marquis Roy, Rann got promoted to the position of senior programmer on the mainframe computer network, which happened to control all the Conqueror bots or Cbots for every casino on the planet of Resort.
The gambling robots are impossible to re-program. Imbedded security codes and encrypted passwords control the bots, except for a backdoor access code. The backdoor access code is secretly maintained by a hand-full of selected and restricted senior programmers, which is created for entrance into a Cbot, during an emergency. And, the pass code is changed every five-hours for strict security by a different senior programmer, while on duty. The senior programmers trace and record errors, viruses, and fraudulent felonies against the gambling casinos.
Rann had deviously changed the secret password from the previous senior programmer on his shift late, four hours, ago.
The time is ten at night. And, the guests are retiring for the late evening. Rann secretly creates a new illegal program, testing his skill. Then, he wins the solo Conqueror game, collecting all the currs, that night.
Rann waits for his chance to play for a bigger jackpot with the Cbot. Since, he has programmed that particular bot to lose every other card hand. Then, Rann will win every other card hand.
The time is eleven at night. The casino closes at midnight, so every worker can go home.
The Conqueror jackpot totals 25,000 currs. There are only two players and the infected Cbot with Rann’s new illegal bot-sub-routines.
Cbot is programmed to lose the next round of the Conqueror game. Rann holds three of a kind in the numerical figure of sevens, a winning hand. The other player calls his card-hand and drops his physical cards into the electronically slot for auditing. Cbot says, ‘Three kings is the winning card hand. Player number-two wins the Conqueror game and 25,000 curr jackpot.’
Rann loses to the other player, a very lucky young Male.
Rann is outraged.
He is supposed to win the jackpot of 25,000 currs. Since, he had re-programmed the Cbot to lose and drugged the senior programmer getting the secret pass code. Rann also has lost all his 10,000 currs.
The young man exits the casino, swinging the red velveteen pouch holding 25, 000 currs. The hotel is closed. Rann is finished with his work shift.
Rann leaves the casino heading back to his small apartment at another hotel on the other side of town. He turns the corner, seeing. The young rich Male carries the currs pouch from the jackpot.
Rann is mad, upset, and angry.
In the dark alley way, Rann attacks. He pushes the Male against the wall of the hotel. The victim’s forehead cracks and then blood trickles down his injured face.
Rann is scare, upset, afraid, and horrified by the sight of the exposed bone and flesh. He grabs the red velveteen pouch from the ground, running away.
The casino comlen has recorded the inhuman act against the young Male displaying Rann’s face.
The Bio-personnel could not save the Male’s life. The doctor testifies during the quick trial. The young man died on impact from the multiple head injuries.
King Rex pronounces Rann guilty. He sentences him to prison on the planet of Sahara until his death of natural causes. Rann, a new prisoner on the planet of Sahara, learns quickly to obey and serve or suffer the consequences of isolation, which is almost like death on an isolated planet, covered by heated orange sand and deadly poisonous wildlife in the hottest place in the unknown universe.
The old aristocrat Prince Edo treats the prisoners with respect and feels obligated making their imprisonment as comfortable and enjoyable as humanly possible. Acceptance of his rule, the nice prisoners live nice. The bad prisoners are punished by exile from the safety of the gold mud compound, the only human occupations on the planet, and then death by hanging from your neck in the gallows of the Game stadium.
Rann is transferred from Food-service section into the Business-office setting as a clerk, due to his skills for robot programming. He enjoys the one month of luxury inside the air-conditioned office suites, then six months, later returns into the underground mines, digging for precious metals and minerals on the planet of Sahara for the rest of his life.
When a few minor power brownouts cause bot, comlen, and comfone malfunctions the techs from Tech World can’t figure out the cause of the problem.
Rann is summoned from his mine work in the caves and asked to try to fix the bots, comlens, and comfones.
Rann, the prisoner, is successful at repairing the comlen and comfone malfunctions. He explains to the Tech people, how to solve the problem and helps rewrite sections of the bot routines for them. Then, it is discovered that a minor detail causes a brown outage in a different subroutine to fail, every other day. Rann is recalled back into the office after spending less than one month inside the mine shaft to permanently work inside the Sahara robot office.
Rann meets girl, who’s the daughter of Prince Edo. The young Princess Viv is charming, good mannered, and plain homely in appearance, but her noble classification provides great luxuries of Sahara. She, also, day dreams desires of more material matters.
One month later, Princess Viv and her boyfriend are married in an official ceremony on Sahara which is approved and performed by King Rex. Rann is escalated into the life of a prince, second-in-command of the Prison Planet.
Then, one day, Prince Edo is found dead inside his private bed chamber still wearing his sleeping attire. No questions are asked. No investigations are performed. No authorities are contacted.
 The next day in a public ceremony on Commerce, King Rex crowns Rann, the first noble of Sahara by the ranking order of the secret and shouted out, assassination method.
When another noble member is killed, then the killing party admits to the damage, then the party can assume his or her position in the social noble order of the planet.
The end.

Geez. I drop both hands into my lap, parting my pink-painted lips like a dying fish. I whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings. “I know you. But, now, I know you, dangerous.” I sigh with danger.

Lady Rosa’s castle. front-porch. evening. The Bonita castle covers fugly ugly in a series of horizontal sick brown and yellow thick moss that crawls like fossilized bugs through the crumbling brown rocks from the tiles of rooftop to the bottom brick of the doorstop, much similar to a pile of loose brown rocks and pebbles rather than a residence for a living and breathing person. Our transports stop about hundred-feet from front-porch.
I should reveal to Peter my weird-o day dream, then axe my idea with another brilliant plot. I sigh with worry.
When the gravy train stops, I jump, kitten-leap from my ride and steady plow forward upon the hard dry dirt like a working farm mule, while my three-inched fashion high heels murderously stab the soil towards Peter. Then, I violently slam, not on purpose, into the back of Kenya’s wide back muscles, and then swiftly re-bounce backwards.
I catch my petiteness and move around the hunky flesh focusing my eyeballs at Peter, who’s inquired with nosy Lulu about the “Earthling welcome” speech. He fingers the Bonita castle posing hundred-feet from the solar-transports with a real live and breathing native life form of the new galaxy. I sigh with trouble.
I outstretch my left hand and five finger pads grabbing forcefully Peter’s right collar bone then T-yank with my awesome Telekinesis the six feet and four inched man from his independent solar bike. I powerfully twist his face into my curled pink-painted snarl then staccato evenly in my bass flute. “I…will…handle…this.” I sigh with more trouble.
Peter looks frighteningly deer scared in my silver (eyeball) headlights as I gracefully body spin and girly strut towards the beaten and battered brown rotting at the wooden seams inside the set of double doors. I slap my right boot upon the brown brick while the concrete gives way to the right side of the stones. And, my body gives away to the left of nothing as I softly curse. “Dang!”
Then, I swiftly compensate my uneven three-inched heels by flaring a T-balance with Telekinesis and up righting my petiteness, once, again. I air-walk like an angel and deftly land on two even boot soles. I nervously stand in front of the door.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
Then, I open my eyelashes and violently knock on the door as wood splinters kiss my right knuckles. I act like a Native American Indian fighting brave jerking the annoying needles and cursing below a whisper as instant baby Yellowstone Park geysers spray into the air with my red blood from the five tiny holes, water falling beautifully down my tanned hand. I impatiently wait for…1 second. 2 second. 3 seconds. 4 seconds.
I pick the last of the tree wood parts from my right knuckle, eye burning the closed door then kick the snot of the door with my left boot toe adding a T-kick with Telekinesis in furious angry. The harsh ugly sound vividly echoes from the door down the hallway all the way out the patio’s French doors, which I’m most favor.
Then, I Tele-hear a set of soft footpads of a Female.
The rusty door bolts cracks like a set of baby hand grenades as the wood opens, revealing a very different image of the woman as my mentally brain cells kicks in reverse time another portrait. I softly intro with a sweet smile and add a touch of Southern honey twang, “Greetings, Lady Rosa! It’s a fine pleasure to finally meet ya’ll, here in the north part of Bonita.” Rosa studiously studies my pretty freckles then sharply cuts her eyeballs down to my fashion boots and then crawls her eyelashes back up to my pretty smile. I wink then fake it, totally. “I am…Lady Starra…(do the skull nod thing)…from the south hemisphere…(more skull nodding)…of Bonita.” I rest my case as Rosa sorta slightly almost parts a tiny bite of her pale dried red raw hide top mouth lip with a little bit of white enamel tooth at me. I sigh with approval.
I pass the test then lie honestly. “I…Lady Starra…(remind her)…have been traveled all day with my family members…(thumb behind my left shoulder)…having heard about your kind and generous northern hospitality to folks throughout our beloved planet of Bonita…(remind her, too)…in our cute little universe.” I pause, first, then smile, second, and then and rudely invite my person. “I wonder, if I could visit with ya for a little spell, milady.” The end, ya’ll!
Lady Rosa, first and only noblette of Bonita, since Ann is dead…(yeah, I Tele-scan)…She uses her weak minded single blast of Tele-scan really slo mo on me. She pokes, snail-like into my active neurons. I help her out by lowering my T-shield for the mind probe which doesn’t reach my nose holes.
Rosa nosily exhales like she’s dying and barely inhales like she’s dead. Rosa meekly words as my big Tele-eardrums caught the brief sentence. “Please come inside, Lady Starra.”
I quickly touch her forearm gathering T-images of sorrowful pity, frightful fear, impeding doom, and dang…permanent death as we snail-like walk deeper into the foyer away from the door that fills with Earthlings.
Peter tromps his boots through the door and follows by Saudi, who’s the physician on the Tele mission. I intro, quickly. “Peter, this is Lady Rosa of Bonita manor. I am…Lady Starra…(remind her)….that leads our merry little band for a brief visit, while Milady Rosa seeks her rest for the afternoon.”
Peter shuffles his boots beside Rosa, grinning like a cat who has consumed three birdies and their shell eggs. He touches his shirt. “I’m Peter. So nice to meet you, Milady Rosa.”
Rosa softly words. “Food in the kitchen. I’m retiring. I don’t feel well.” She talks in English formulated contractions, which I have never heard, before.
I studiously stare at her pale wrinkled face, since in the first alien-timeline Lady Rosa only would conversed in single words. I sigh with oddity.
Rosa stops outside an open archway of a medium-sized room with a round table and six chairs that paints in that dull faded brown tint. I remove my hand from her forearm, while Saudi smoothly slides next to Rosa, holding the small mechanic Bio-scan devise out of her eyesight over her back muscles.
Saudi intros in a soft tenor saxophone right in Rosa’s face. “I’m trained in medical field, Milady Rosa. Do you require any medicines? I’m happy to provide my medical services…”
Rosa back steps from Saudi and the medical devise and then performs a slug-turn towards a room down at the end of the hallway, which is an extra sleeping chamber. I had lived here for 19 days. Rosa says. “I need rest. Please, excuse me! Enjoy your stay, Lady Starra.” She pads away.
Peter fingers the archway and yells like a baseball umpire in loud tones. “Thank you, Lady Rosa! Enjoy your nap! We will talk, again, very soon.” He swings his face and marches into the cozy room with his Woof puppies trailing. He pulls a chair from the Dining-room table for Gigi, smiling and saying, “Comments, opinions, and observations people?” He waves his hand around the room.
The Teles search through drawers, closets, cabinets while making loud noises for the missing Pirates’ gold, Aladdin’s lamp, and Mary’s Baa Baa black sheep as I march to the window and view the dry and dead world of Bonita.
“She’s dying.” Lulu stares into an empty hallway, probably doing a bio-scan by Telemetabolics upon Rosa’s fragile body.
Saudi punches his devise that beeps like a car horn and barks like a Woof puppy then diagnoses. “She dies from…”
“…poison.” I sing in piccolo music as eyeballs stare at me.
Saudi nods. “Peter, I find no evidence of foul play but her medical reading is below normal. I’d suspect its some type of subtle poisoning aliment which Starra has correctly identified.” Saudi neck snaps his skull to me, smiling and nodding. “Good job, Starra! Your Telemetabolics is deserving of praise.” He swings his face at Peter. “She is in the final stages of her illness. I can’t do anymore for our hostess, Lady Rosa. I’m sorry, Peter.”

I flash past, mentally to the first alien-timeline when Lady Rosa died in her bedroom with me. Then, I flash present, mentally that the second alien-timeline is repeating the same event of the first alien-timeline.

I whisper, “That means…”
“The planet is dying, also.” Lulu walks to the window and admires the dying trees, weeds, and soil as the Teles groan in gloomy unison in a musically baritone c-flat note.
Cervantes says with fury, fingering the sky like he is pointing at our planet Earth, not around the galaxy corner. “We traveled millions of light years in a scorched ship risking our lives for a dying planet. I cannot believe what I’m hearing, here.” Cervantes whines like I kicked his right shin, which I accidently did, when he exited the train. I tripped on my deft fashion boot falling on Cervantes.
The Teles moan in sad unison in a musically tenor d-flat note.
I mentally switch from lovingly tormenting Cervantes to the present situation. Bonita is not killing the trees, plants, and animals like an angry Mother Nature is on our home, Planet Earth. Bonita is killing, only the people, who live, here, because they…are Teles, too. Rosa and Anna possess limited, but real Telepathy, Telekinesis, Telemetabolics, and Teleclairvoyance.
The Teles are using Bonita’s energy charge from the natural trees, plants, and soil to enhance their Tele gifts, but kill the planet gets its revenge by tying their life forms to the wealth of natural resources. A vicious death cycle!
Peter bellows breaking my daydream. “Starra has answered all our farm soil questions which I’ll remind the answer is an absolutely yes for everything. We can move and survive here supporting all the life forms on Earth. The second question is going to take more time to answer. If we can’t support ourselves Earthlings are going to have to learn how to blend into the social structure of the existing worlds.” The Teles grunts with happy sounds in an alto a-sharp note, while Peter concludes, clapping his hands together. “We have gathered enough information, today. We’re returning to the shuttle and leaving for Earth going back through the wormhole. We need to inform the United Earth Government to start preparing and manning space craft with families, equipment, clothing, furniture, livestock, and foodstuffs, since we’re moving to Vor.” The Teles cheer in excited tones of a soprano f-sharp note.
I part lips, singing in piccolo music. “No,” pausing as eyeballs turn to me. Then, I recover. “Ya’ll can’t leave, just yet. Let’s be a good set of guests and wait for Lady Rosa to awaken and give her the proper dismissal for us.” I make-somethin up, twisting my lips, uglier as faces stare at me in shock.
Peter shakes his skull. “You’re a good Southern Belle, Starra. We’re on a tight time schedule which includes dinner at my house with my mother-in-law,” chuckling. “Since our alien hostess might not live through the afternoon for another chat-chit. Get moving, people! Lead the way, Lulu.” He motions with his hand for the Teles to shuffle out the manor.

I flash past, mentally into the first alien-timeline when the Tele crew perished inside the fiery walls of the wormhole coming into Vor. Then, I flash present, mentally that the Tele-team and space shuttle will be destroyed, again.

My mental light bulb lightly flicks then my brain fully brightens, whispering. “I…am...to…die with my Tele-mates on the return trip back through the wormhole towards Earth, because we die, together,” exhaling and smiling.
I nod, high stepping in my fashion boots towards the archway for home.
Ya know kinda like that final destination thing, where death is chasing you down one by one and kills you dead, permanently, not breathing. I present duck lips, ugly. I am going to die, not seeing Ming or Maritza or my farm.
I eye burn the floor, holding gathered teardrops until I’m back into my space suit. Then, I can sob and cry, without anyone hearing me.
“I wanna to stay.” Kenya whines like he has lost his lunch money during playtime recess. He walks around the room and touches each item then replaces it back upon the wall.
My Tele-senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
Peter nods, marching around the room, too, while inspecting stuff, “Very good point, Kenya! We’re on the same page…metaphysical page that is,” chuckling. “I am thinking the same idea that some one stays and plays the spy, infiltrating their society, and learning about this new galaxy’s politics including governmental, cultural, and people. That would give us a head start on the diplomatic earth-alien channel. Since, we’re slanted to be their new neighbors.” He clucks like a rooster along with the rest of the chicken flock.
I wrinkle my forehead, ugly as the Teles bob their skulls up and down like hungry farm ponies.
Kenya smiles, nodding. “We don’t want to start a war by shaking hands, when we should be bowing at our kneecaps.” The Teles laugh at the lame joke, while I stare eyeballs out the bleak window.
We all must die. Or, maybe, my developing theory is that someone else stays and plays in the alien’s background of the second alien-timeline, not me. I’m scheduled to die, not returning home to Earth. I sigh with sadness. 
“I volunteer to stay behind.” Gigi tosses her arm, giggling.
Peter circles around the room mysteriously, nodding his skull and eye burning the floor, since he must’ve lost his mind, both mental and metaphysical. I scour with disgust, since we’re all supposed to die breaking that nasty repeating alien-timeline.
Ya can’t live forever, ya’ll!
“Starra…,” Peter sings in his dull baritone tuba.
“What?” I smart-hole. Peter has jolted me like a shock of electricity by slapping both his palms on my collar bone, while scaring the dookie out of my…(that’s figuratively, ya’ll)…butthole. My white panties are still clean as he still stands behind my body. All eyeballs stare at me.
Peter grunts over my dirty curls. “Lady Rosa has established a rapport with Starra.” He chuckles like a silly clown. “I mean, Lady Starra.” He grins, rotating his neck muscles around the room and eye burning each Tele but me.
I can’t see Peter with my human eye balls, but smell with my human nose holes his bad breathe flowing down his lips over my skull, since he’s six feet compared to five feet of petiteness. He commands. “This is my final order. Starra stays…”
“No,” singing in a new sharp piccolo music as eye balls stare and lips curl with shock and jealousy. I grunt like a piglet, staring at the floor at the dead creepy cockroach. I sigh with doom.
Peter nods, saying. “Everyone prepare for launch in one-hour, 12-minutes, and five-seconds back to Earth for our victory celebration, which will be brief. Move out, people!” He commands then body spins me around to see his happy face. “Don’t worry, Lady Starra.” He pauses to chuckle deeper then repeats for pure humor. “Starra, don’t tell me that you’re afraid of the dark, little girl?” I close my eyelashes, not hearing his doggie dookie. Peter says. “We’ll return, tomorrow afternoon and pick you up. I’m expecting a full report of your investigation of this new culture in this new galaxy. You’re doing a great job, Starra keep it up and I’ll have to promote you…,” chuckling. “Alien Princess.” I sigh with stupid.
Peter body spins, rushing out the hallway towards the front door as I tag along and watch the Tele-team exit the castle. They saddle upon the Earth-transports, while Peter yells in his regular timbre. “Follow me, people!” He saves his limited Tele-energy for the trip home to Earth.
I lean into the archway, folding my sleeves over my jumpsuit, noting that I can’t stop them. They’re Teles, too, like me or different from me.
Then, Lulu halts her solo bike, disembarking and waddles back my way coming right up into my face. Her face covers in wet teardrops around her eye sockets and cheekbones, saying. “Starra…,” she sobs lightly and says greater. “You’re a very gifted Tele. Use it well, darling!” She back tracks away me while knowing the finale fate of the Earth space shuttle and her crew, totally death.
I forcefully grab both her arms, shaking my curls. I beg with their mercy. “Lulu, please tell Peter about your Tele-view. Stay here! You know the future like me. You…ya’ll are going to die.”
Lulu shakes her curls, talking really super freaky. “This is not our time. This is your time, Starra. Good luck!” She jerks her body from my hands, without either of us using a powerful invisible force to counter her swift movement.
If Lulu stays, she will die, just a different way. That is the real story, here. They die. I live.
My eyeballs follow Lulu back to the bike, as she mounts it. Lulu paddles away then catches up with the single file of Earth vehicles, leaving me, alone. I sigh with death.
I nosily exhale then loudly inhale, then violently stomp the front porch with both my boot soles as the weak wood planks viciously split and break apart creating a great big crater hole inside the porch. I ferociously grab my scalp with ten finger pads, pulling on my hair with frustration and body spinning faster towards the empty foyer and emptier hallway.
I fall upon my kneecaps with a series of hot wet tears rolling down my cheekbones, watering my lips, closing my eyelashes. I use my thinking neurons to find the solution, saving my Earth-planet, my Earth-friends and my Earth-family. Think. Think fast. Think faster.
I’m here, but they aren’t. I lived, here, but they didn’t. I know the events in the first alien-timeline, but they don’t. I repeat the same events in a new second alien-timeline, but they die for a second time.
I whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings. “That’s it. I…am the key to saving them. I must’ve done something wrong that broke the first alien-timeline and space thingy. So, in this second alien-timeline and space thingy, I won’t do anything wrong to break the alien-timeline. So, then, I can find the hidden resources to save my family, my friends, and my planet.” I smile, nodding my skull up and down several times like a farm pony.

I flash past, mentally in the first alien-timeline when I received my knowledgeable metal friend.

I shout, “Bot!? Bot, are you here?” I recalled that I didn’t travel to planet Resort, this morning, winning the Conqueror Tournament. I smile, dancing. “That’s the first step. Go to Resort and win the poker game with my awesome T-powers.” I grin, giggle, and rise upon my boot heels in an upright position.
Pbot or pilot robot flies around the wall corner then veers to the left avoiding me as we almost collide. Then, Pbot hovers in the air, flashing a series of red and blue lights on its belly with its empty teacup eyeballs watching me. I cringe with fright. Pbot drones. “Good afternoon, I am Pbot. How can I be of service to you?”
I exhale nosily that our first encounter is nice and friendly, since I’m flesh and its metal.
I request with a sweet Southern twang, swaying my body side to side, smiling really big and pretty while smoothing my messy hair. “I plan to attend the Conqueror Tournament on Resort, tonight. Could you please arrange for the zipper to be buffed polished and spit shined?” I giggle with a girly twang with my stupid idea.
I need Pbot occupied and busy, while I plot an escape from Rosa and Bonita, without being spied or stopped. Pbot lowers its metal can…excuse the pun…to the tile with more blinking lights of purple and yellow computing some type of machine analysis. It drones. “The Conqueror Tournament terminated last week.”
“That sucks,” I smart-hole, frowning.
Pbot drones. “I cannot compute that message. Please, re-state.” I screw my eyebrow, ugly as Pbot starts blinking more lights upon its belly in the colors of green and orange which might be recording my ugly jumpsuit and pretty face.

I flash past, mentally into the first alien-timeline after I won the Conqueror Tournament and collected currs and robot that I traveled to Commerce and stopped Lad’s marriage to Rita on Jubilation Day.

I amend my demand. “I’ll be traveling to Commerce for the remaining Jubilation Day celebrations. Please, ready the zipper…”
Pbot drones. “Who are you, Milady?” It flashes with a scary colored array of red, green, yellow, and orange lights while zapping its circuits and wires into hyper speed recording my face, my actions, and my demands.
I don’t like a flying trashcan, not from my back yard imitating me. I beautifully lie. “I am Lady Starra. I am the cousin of Lady Rosa. I visit from the south hemisphere, here,” stomping my fashion boot on the tile. 
Pbot stops the photo bulbs, immediately that is recording me. It drones. “This is Festival Day. The Game has ended. The nobles are returning to their castles in preparation for the upcoming dinners and dances along with their invited commoners from their home worlds. Are you attending one of the many balls this evening, Lady Starra?”
I smile really pretty and nod, wording sweetly to the non-smelly trashcan. “To address you inquiry, I’ll be attending the Agri Ball hosted by Baron Bartholomew at six in the evening. Please prepare the zipper for my arrival on Commerce.” I pause, very briefly then ask, since I’m totally stupid about the time and day of the week. The sky is sunshine. “I’d like to see the latest social updates for the past…five days. Ya know, the events of last week. Can you accommodate my request?”
Pbot fiddles using a right metal limb at the left side of its cylinder-shaped body, opening a hidden compartment and pulls a cute little mini-bot sideways into the air. Then Pbot hands off the devise to me. I feel the smooth metal with my ten finger pads. “As you wish, Lady Starra!” Pbot drones, flashing another set of lights that are green and brown, then drones for a second time. “Zipper is prep for your departure trip to Commerce for attendance of the Agri Ball.”
I part my lips wide like a dying fish with the robot’s proficiency and then princessly order like a real lady noblette of Bonita. “Very good, Pbot! Thank you. Dismissed!” I twist my body towards the stairs, not following to check the medical or social status of Rosa, since I have tons of homework to do and I really hate school.
I slo mo one plank at a time checking the last news items on the mini-bot, while I absent in the unknown days, hours, minutes, and seconds between the first and second alien-timelines.
I flip the screen sequential in order looking for the answers then suddenly halt and nosily gasp, staring. A dashing Rann and his beautiful biceps grin like the lion, who has eaten the entire herd of live sheep, since he has won the annual Conqueror Tournament, instead of me. I sigh with intrigue.
I whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Rann knows stuff…secret datum. I bet he can help me find the next clue that I seek for saving my planet, my family, and my friends.” I nod, viewing the social activities and suddenly snort like a wild boar.
I stare at Rita and Rita’s wedding dress which is absolutely gorgeous white sexy sheath body-hugging gown showing off her big breasts, a small waist, and two hidden long legs. She displays a cone-shaped diamond tiara and a matching diamond fat necklace which is hugging her swan neck with the two tacky diamond earrings dangling along her collar bone. Her hair is pull back into a tight bun on the crown of her skull like an old spinster maid, while she carries a big spread of white roses between her ten finger pads. She stands next to five feet and nothing Viscount Lad, who wears his traditional every day silver-tinted wash and wear neatly pressed tunic, matching pants, and shiny black knee-high boots.
Lad had to marry Rita, since I wasn’t there to answer the riddle. I sigh with entertainment.
I giggle with a girly twang at the funny pic and flip the screen then gasp, again. I read Zak’s obituary when he died in a silly competitive Race to the Wall with an un-named competitor.
I view the wall.
Bartholomew attended Rann’s victory party along with Ivy and Zak, since I didn’t race against Rann. Zak took my place and died. Poor ugly Ivy is a widower, now. I sigh with sadness.
I slo mo my right boot to another step, pondering the current alien-timeline of the universe. I have missed three very important social events from the previous alien-timeline consisting of the Reward, the Riddle, and the Race.
I present duck lips, ugly and mentally summarize that the events are replaying in an unnatural order, however they are resulting in the “same” outcome for the “same” folks. I sigh with repeat.
Lady Ann is gone, I mean, she has permanently be sent to her death grave, I stomp both boots towards her gloomy bedroom which feels like ice cream cold, empty, and haunted with Ann’s lingering metaphysical emotions of pain and suffering from the violent poison.
Rita had administered the poison both her and Lady Rosa.
I sneer, “I’ll get ya, too, Rita along with …,” skidding my boots and neck snap my face at the end of the hallway. Then, I body spin towards the staircase closing my eyelashes.
I T-sight with Telepathy around the castle, seeing. He is missing, totally as I purr like a weak kitten. “Where is Dirk?” I sigh with unhappiness.
I enter Lady Ann’s room, since I don’t have any clothing items. I wear my black jumpsuit which is covered in bug dookie and plant crap riding around on the earth-bike along the dry trail towards the warehouse and then to the Bonita Castle.
I have got to look exotic and sexy, tonight, since I don’t know what I am up against, might be Rita, Viv…or another colorful character that’s been added to the mix in the second alien-timeline. Therefore, I need to grab Bartholomew’s undivided attention, because he protected me in the last alien-timeline. I giggle. And, he will do that, again. I sigh with nervousness.
I scan the rack of fancy frocks in her closet and borrow a lovely silk black gown, slipping the dress over my head as it falls over my ankles, toe bones, covering three inches of rug. It’s longer than I like, since I’m a little shorter in height than Lady Ann, but it fit well in the hips, waist, and shoulders.
The black gown plunders into a v-shaped neckline in the front with a big black bow tied at my waist and a long straight skirt attached to the four feet dress train, which is going to drag behind me for miles. I hope I don’t embarrass myself by catching my dress on a thorny bush and ripping it off my shoulders, since I always seem to trip or stumble in those fancy long gowns. I sigh with humor.
The gown is beautiful but I can’t rely on beauty itself, but showing both wealth and confidence, where a neckline some sparkling gems will solve that problem. I rummage around with ten finger pads inside Lady Ann’s private three tiered wooden jewelry box on her makeup vanity, finding lots of different shapes and sizes of gems, including bracelets, necklaces, earrings, and hair pins made of pearls, diamonds, rubies, emeralds, sapphires, jade, gold, and silver.
Lady Ann had fancied visiting the Sahara Booth owned by Rann on Jubilation Day. I sigh with beauty.
I nosily gasp, staring at the plain pine box then gently lift the closed box into the air and T-flair with Telepathy. I feel nothing. I’m not receiving any sensations but dead air. I sigh with worry.
I place the box carefully on Ann’s bureau and pry open the lid. My eyeballs gaze at a pair of twin gold bracelets gleaming against the red velveteen fabric. They are incomplete. I lift one of the bracelets to examine the gold band with an empty shell, where a gem stone would be inserted. I slowly exhale my breath.
I really did destroy the twin black diamonds into nothingness. I sigh with shock.
I have created a second alien-timeline which has formed an alternative universe. It’s my fault then I’ll fix it and save my Earth friends, all at the same time. Yay!
I quietly sit inside the padded vanity chair, staring into the reflective mirror at my golden freckles, still requiring a necklace of some bright and impressive stones. I select a nice set of black pearl tear drop-shaped earrings, and a matching necklace, two bracelets on each wrist, and one big gawky ring on my right hand of my middle finger. I violently wrestle the jewelry around my body parts, giggling with a girly twang at my cuteness.
My Tele-senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
I swiftly stand and smoothly slip into a pair of strapless black high-heeled sandals over my naked toe bones and gently open Ann’s bedroom door. I peek-a-boo around the wood, seeing no other eyeballs or body parts. I slam the door against the wall knocking out the invisible spy and then slowly truck on sandals into the empty hallway, seeing no bot…excuse the pun…no body. Then, I metaphysically turn-on my awesome Tele-senses, allowing them to lead me to the mystery sound.
I slowly path down the stairs then turn to the left into an another empty hallway. The same hallway used by the Tele crew and I meeting to Rosa leading towards the Dining-room. I suddenly stop. I sigh with intrigue.
My Tele-senses are leading me to the end of the hallway. Rosa ventured there about an hour ago. My heart thumps out of my chest and my tummy flip-flops with butterflies. I march slowly passed each closed door and then stop.
I gently tap on the door frame. “Hello, Lady Rosa! May I speak with you in private for a moment? Hello!” The door swings wide open for a very good view of the entire room. I sigh with panic.
Rosa is lying upon a long sofa with her lips, nostrils and eyeballs staring at the brown wall looking really funny under the wool blanket, very still. I lightly pad and approach her and the sofa cautiously.
My Tele-senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
I gently pull the blanket away from her face as an expression of peace and serene shows her dead. Lady Rosa of Bonita is dead. I sigh with sorrow.
I gently touch the ball into her fitted fist as her hand flexes revealing a gold object. The talisman was given to her by her father.
I grab it from her dead cold hand as bright lights, loud music, and faint female and male voices invade my both eardrums and eyeballs. I fall upon the carpet, holding my dizzy skull. Then, I grunt like a dying animal, opening my eyelashes and spying under the sofa.
I seen dust rabbits and cat hair then roll my back muscles flat upon the carpet and stare at the ceiling, pondering how brown paint keeps from flaking upon the clean floor, “Uh…bright lights.”
Then, I hear a distinct clicking sound like a tick-tock clock with the golden talisman inside my right open palm. I have just received Lady Rosa’s transference Tele-powers for a second time. I sigh with power.
I hear more annoying clicks that lounges from the tight corner of the room. I slowly turn my neck to Pbot. It hovers at a high angle almost touching the ceiling with at the radius of its round plate that represents a metal skull that I’m about to decapitate in…just kidding. I frown.
I’s gots a better plot. I grin with a wicked smile, since the robot has recorded my actions and re-actions on the comlen inside its belly. Rosa looks and acts dead, because folks, she is. And, I’m the only living and breathing citizen inside her room. I sign with repeat.
I roll to the left, crouching unladylike in my new dress. I shove the talisman up my thigh hiding the evidence then use a touch of T-balance. I stood upright then slowly walk to the lighted double set of mirrors on the new vanity table while straightening my gown and pearls. Perfect!
I’m ready for an evening of fun and frolic at the Festival Ball which is hosted by Baron Bartholomew of Agri.
I girly strut on my pretty sandals, really slowly, so I don’t trip on my dress out Rosa’s private suite into the Kitchen leading outside towards the dock landing. Pbot flies behind me coming up my flesh can, hovering next to me.
I stop, then It stops beside me as we view the zipper. I order. “Pbot, first, I order you to lock my small bag inside the foyer in the storage compartment of the zipper. Second, I order you to bury Lady Rosa in the graveyard behind the red barn. Third, I order you to return to the kitchen and make me a tuna fish sandwich. Finally, I order you to blow your internal circuits at precisely six in the evening. Do you understand my commands?”
Pbot drones. “As you wish, Lady Starra.” It flies backwards in that weird-o air flight out of my right peripheral vision.
I whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Very good.” I elegantly drag the dress train across the rough Patio concrete, stomping in my high sandals towards the ship, then bang on the hand pad. The latch clicks then the hatch swings upward towards the skyline. I slide into the soft worn black leather seat, pulling the electronic tablet and fiddle with the console controls for the automatic pilot flying to Commerce, watching Pbot perform its bot tasks. I sigh with authority.
My cave girl skills are awesome, when it comes to eating, walking, and peeing like a human, not steering a fancy flying machine like a outer space wo-man. My wobbling maneuvers will get me noticed immediately by a monitoring Gbot or guard robot as I fly and land in the center of the universe. I intend to let the computer do the flying as I sit royally like an…alien princess, giggling. I sigh with alien.
I punch, poke, and probe for the right math numbers, double checking the zipper’s manual with my electronic screen. I don’t want to end up zinging the Wall.
Pbot represent its metal can…a second time besides the seat. It drones. “Your tuna fish sandwich is ready, Lady Starra.”
I smirk then order. “Guard my food, while I finish my work, Pbot.” It flies backwards while its empty teacups eyeballs recording me inside the zipper, which is soon to be stolen for a second time by Earthling Starra. Pbot sails into the open kitchen doors then it closes the doors. I sigh with deception.
I press the button, igniting the twin thrusters for two seconds, then zoom off the outdoor landing pad at a few minutes, before six in the evening into the cloudy atmosphere towards the cold space of bright stars. At precisely six in the evening, I see the castle prettily explode into a bright array of blues, reds, yellows, and pinks flame and flare high fire into the bright black sky over Bonita.
“Good robot!” I smile.

Commerce. auditorium, building, cool temperatures, evening. “What the hey? What are you?” I highly question with annoyance, planting my right sandal on the top step of the auditorium entrance way, while the robot blocks me.
“Dbot or door robot at your service, Citizen-unknown. Please, state your name and planet.” It drones and viciously sizzles into my precious skin its burning lasers. Just kidding! 
“I am Lady Starra…” commanding with fake nobility as my right sandal is parked, not moving on the second step of red building trying to sneak into the auditorium, while being held as a rudely annoying hostage by a pair of hovering flying cylinder trash cans. I sigh with destruction...within 5 seconds. 4 seconds. 3 seconds….
Left Door bell….naw…Dbot drones as tiny lights blink purple, green, and neon blue on its belly comlen. “I have no identification record of Lady Starra on Commerce.”
“Bonita.” I sing in flute music with a sweet smile.
Left Dbot drones, flashing red and orange lights inside its belly. “I have no identification record of Lady Starra on Bonita.”
“I am expected by King Rex…,” changing my plotted strategy with a bigger smile and a wiggle of my hips.
“What’s the problem?” Dbot from the right side of the archway drones while hovering between us.
Left Dbot drones its metal limb at me. “Citizen-unknown.”
Right Dbot drones with unemotional teacups. “Go away, pest.”
“Stang.” I sing in piccolo music, parking both my folded fists upon my waist.
Right Dbot drones. “A lady should not use that vile term, Citizen-unknown lady.”
I ignore the language lesson and state very loudly. “I came with Lady Rosa…,” lying like a thief, smiling, and faking it sweetly. I quickly pray that my cute button nose doesn’t grown any longer as a familiar deep bass drum timbre rescues me. I grin with a big smile, flash my white teeth and blow my sweet breath into his face, while batting my eyelashes, continuously…(raw sexy talent, girlfriend).
Bartholomew stands in front of me, smiling and asks. “Dbot, is there a problem?” Baron leans his beautiful body into my space at five feet, and ten inches, weighing in at 180 pounds with jet black hair of spiked patches of gray along with his adorable matching eyelashes and aristocratic nose, square jaw and apple rosy cheekbones. He is still single with no Baroness…(yeah, Tele-mind probe, baby). I smile and giggle like a pretty thing.
His face glows with happiness and smiles with mischievousness along with that silk shirt showing off his bicep ripples of fine gentle muscles on his suntanned flesh. Obviously, he enjoys spending his free time outside playing in the pleasant weather and horseback riding on his native Agri, instead attending family’s administrative duties as a privileged noble. I sigh with marriage.
Right Dbot drones. “You should accompany me to see King Rex about your Gala-invitation.” I back step from the advancing metal monster limbs.
Bartholomew blocks that thing, rescuing. “I’ll accompany…,” viewing me then frowns, so cute-like.
I extend my blacked gloved right hand, grinning and greeting properly like a noblette. “I am Lady Starra…from Bonita.” He lifts his white gloved right hand out and accepts my glove, holding foreverly. I sigh with engagement.
“Hello, I’m Baron Bartholomew…a very nice honor to meet you, Lady Starra.” He bows at his waist with respect, holding my gloved hand, foreverly.
My Tele-senses ping. Everything is fine, darling. 
“BA, I’m being beeped, move your a…,” his familiar deep sexy baritone trombone fades rapidly as I swing my curls  and eye burn him with my sweet smile. He smirks. “Hi there, I’m Rann.” He bows at his waist with respect, extending his right naked hand. I extend my left gloved hand. Then, Rann flirts like a rouge and tenderly kisses it…way too long.
Rann is still the charmer of the universe, flirting playboy, very dashing, and dangerous with his new black goatee, curly black croppy short hair, slanted brown eyes, and dark tanned skin. He stands five feet and nine inches, weighing in at 190 pounds with his flexing ripped biceps peeping inside and outside that split down the middle open collarless golden satin jacket vest, without a shirt, girls. The vest is tastefully decorated in tiny semi-precious stones, matching his trousers which are tucked into his brown knee boots. I sigh with dreamy.
Baron smiles. “This is Lady Starra…from Bonita.”
Rann rotates his neck muscles around the docking bay then smart-asses with a rooster chuckle. “Rosa’s parking the ship…”
I present ducks lips, ugly with no amusement then nosily clear my throat for attention. Rann views me while chuckling. Baron is quiet as the mellow and serious gentleman of the universe. I nod, saying. “I am happy to meet your acquaintances. But, I’m saddened to tell very distressing news at this time of enjoyment. I declare with pronounced sorrow the passing of Lady Rosa former first noblette of Bonita. I’m so sorry for my awful bad news, please accept my sincere apologies….,” covering my neck and fanny assets of any future real or made-up suspicious of me and my wrongdoings. I sigh with truth.

In flash past, mentally in the first alien-timeline, when I accidentally forgot to tell citizen or robot about Rosa’s untimely dead I was accused, guilty, and almost hung by my pretty neck muscles as her murderer.

Baron slowly man-pulls me into his cape, sweet breathing in my face, and offers peacefully. “I want to extend my sincere sympathy for your loss for the great Lady Rosa. We all are aware of her great accomplishments in the universe. I am so sorry, too.”
Rann pursues his lips, tightly, eye burning me from hair roots to covered toe nails then carefully acknowledges. “We appreciate your alarming news….Lady Starra.” Rann views Baron, advising cautiously. “We should inform Rex…immediately.” Baron nods, wrapping his other arm around my waist as we become like one blob of jelly swinging our bodies towards the archway. The Dbots assume their previous door duties. I sigh with love.
Baron and I travel by soles faster than light speed passed the Dbots, the lobby entrance, numerous food tables, and great big wide dance floor of twisting citizens, twirling gowns, twinkling tiaras, and tooting horns inside the glamour Festival Ball. I sigh with fun.
We stop our bodies behind a short, fat, bald, and weak King Rex while he chats with a few guests. I T-scan his metaphysical condition, appearing overall healthy and elderly along with T-powers almost equal to mine. I sigh with eagerness.
Her familiar alto clarinet voices like a squash field mice with a farm plow, attacking tenderly Rann’s left collar bone from behind his back muscles. “Darling, I missed the Tango. You know how much I love to Tango with…”
“Ivy!” Baron parts from me then forcefully pulls Ivy’s hand from Rann’s collar bone into his chest then waves at me with his free hand. He smiles. “May I introduce Lady Starra.” Ivy neck snaps her face to me, grinning with a few yellow toothies as Bartholomew says. “My sister, who is the highly beautiful and intellect Baronetess Ivy.” I grunt like a dying animal as Ivy extends her gloved hand. I shake it roughly then press that limb against my black silk dress, smiling at them.
Ivy appears her pretty same self as in the last line with her shoulder-length shiny blonde hair, pretty blue eyes, slender tallness that decorates with a set of heavy jeweled gems from rubies to emeralds to sapphires to diamonds going from her hair roots to her coral-colored toe nails. She drags her arm around Rann’s waist.
Some things never change between first and second alien-timelines. Then Ivy rudely finger points at Rann’s nostrils, teasing with a smile. “As for you husband, stop flirting with every pretty girl you see.” Ivy jerks her face, not to me, but Baron, clutching like a hen and proclaims sweetly. “That’s Bartholomew’s job. Remember, we’re trying to marry him off...forever.” Ivy laughs like a guy along with the Baron and Rann, since I don’t laugh. Since, I’m not amused. And, since, I have got excellent hearing.
Rann and Ivy are married like together as a man and a wife. Whoa the stagecoach! I’ve affected really….way too seriously the second alien-alien time line. I’m fix better, then before. I snort like a wild boar.
Rex views the laughing Agri hyenas standing behind his short skull and then eye burns me. Baron rat-tattles. “Rex, we have learned from Lady Starra about Rosa.” He eye burns Ivy then flicks his eyeballs to Rann then returns his eyelids to Rex, proclaiming in a serious tone. “Rosa has passed, this evening.”
Rex cuts his eyeballs dangerously to me, confirming. “She’s dead.” I nod. He views Rann then looks at Baron, then returns his eyelids to me, announcing, without tears or fears, “I will miss her.” He nosily clears his throat, extending his gloved hand to me. “Lady Starra, it’s very nice to meet you...finally. Rosa talks about you, all the time.” I smash my eyelashes upright, parting my lips wide like a dying fish then stare puffs of fluffy air into Rex’s face. He orders. “Would you be so kind as to accompany me to the refreshment table for a beverage. I need to heard Rosa’s last detail of her demise.” I close my mouth and eyelashes, nodding as Rex  forcefully grabs my right glove pulling powerfully with his T-power towards one of the many refreshment tables against the wall. I glance back at Baron as he nods.
My Tele-senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
I stroll slightly behind fast pacing Rex. I pass the refreshment table, desiring to try one of the new desserts of fruit buried inside chocolate. I pass the musicians warming up their brass instruments for the beginning of the next song. I can play a piano under Grandma Starbuck’s instructions, giggling. I sigh with entertainment.
Then, I exit out the gray side door still holding Rex’s hand into an empty hallway as we trot like a fire engine to a fire inside the second door on the left.
Rex swiftly slams open the door of a room with no windows to view the beautiful starry and romantic night on Commerce then slams it shut. He soldierly pivots, eye burning me and pads within three inches of my freckles, bad breathing. “You…are…the catalyst. I need your help, alien.” He breathes for air. “Someone’s trying to kill me.”

I flash past, mentally in the first alien-timeline when Rex died, totally.

Someone does kill ya deader then a door knob, old man, which is your own evil daughter Queen Rita, then. Now, she is Viscountess Rita with her engrained beautiful jeweled golden dagger in your Royal backside. The alien timeline events seem to unfold at a different rate and a weird-o order. I sigh with sure thing.
I screw my eyebrows, ugly and violently react. “My name is Starra. You should use that proper pronoun instead of ‘alien.’ Are you positive someone’s going to kill you, Rex?” He bobs his skull up and down several times. I see the fear in his blue eyeballs.
Rex says. “I received both body threats in the form of verbal comfones from a mystery guest and electronic threats by comlens from the same baritone voice. You’re the catalyst. You’re here to protect me. I demand…(stomps his right foot)…that you protect me, alien.” His tenor trumpet toots in an off-key sour music and rudely direct points his index finger in my eyeballs. I back step from his natural weapon, hitting the door with my fanny. Then I worry about Rex sounding the word, alien and hope there’re no spying comlens, here. I sigh with secret.
I frown. “Well, fine! Don’t worry about a thing, King. I’m here. I’ll protect you.” I sneer showing only three teeth as Rex nods and smiles with easy. He holds his arm for me to accept. We swing together towards the closed door.
He eases it open.
We stroll calmly up the hallway into the music. Rex is going to die. I can’t stop any one event from the first alien-timeline from not repeating based on my limited observations.
I total the dead bodies, including the entire Tele crew, one metal space shuttle, Lady Ann, and Lady Rosa then add one more to the total summary.
Lord Dirk is my enemy #1. Queen…I mean…Viscountess Rita is my enemy #2.
Viscount Lad of Tech had answered the riddle wrong and married the Queen, being demoted to Viscountess. Bot doesn’t exist. Prince Rann won the Conqueror Tournament and the sporting Game and the death Race that plastered poor stupid Baronet Zak to the Wall. I sigh with mystery.
The Master of Ceremonies says via comfone. “The Random Dandom Dance.”
Baron swiftly scoots his shoes in the middle of the dance floor and retrieves my glove and me from Rex, then sweet breathes into my smiling face. “Would you do me the honor, and be my dance partner this beautiful evening, Lady Starra?” He bows at his waist with respect and tenderly kisses my glove as I lovely curtsey to the best gentleman in the universe.
I remember the dance patterns and steps, giggling like a silly school girl. I say. “I’d be honored to dance with you, but only if you call me Starra. No noble titles, tonight. I suggest fun, fun, and more fun.”
Baron walks me towards the girly line, nodding. “That’s an excellent ideal. No titles.” He chuckles like a little kid, saying. “Please, allow me to re-introduce myself. I’m BA, a shorten version for Bartholomew.” He man-pulls me into his cape and sweet breathes on my right cheekbone. “Let’s get in line.” I giggle shuffling my sandals to my spot in line as Bartholomew parallels me in the opposite side of the boys.
The evening quickly passes like my many fast and furious dance steps with only Bartholomew then a few dances with the talented other dance-commoners. We all live peacefully in the new galaxy. The music song tones in the next happy rhythm with the drums rolling softly as the gentlemen shift to their right.
I stand soldierly, extending my gloved right. He forcefully jerks my entire petiteness into his chest, exhaling his sour breathe in my freckles, saying. “Dirk. But, you know that don’t ya Starra?” Dirk violently shoves my petiteness from his tallness, chin whipping his nostrils into my eyeballs.
I smile sweetly. “Hey there, snot-hole! What’s up, buddy?” I giggle with a girly twang.  I found him. Okay! He found me. I sigh with trouble.
Green eyeballs flash flare with fiery, gossiping into my eardrum as we love cradle like a pair of dune beetles rolling over the meadow cow patties. He bad breathes into my face, “Rosa’s dead. Big surprise, there, Starra!”
I T-zap with Telepathy a Tele-probe into his evil mind, finding the deadly “d” Tele words:  drive, destruction...death. Then, his T-shield seals and locks me out. I sigh with fear.
The music plays the fanfare for the last dance of the evening when Baron viciously bullies his right elbow into Dirk’s exposed rib cage. He man-pulls me into his cape and away from Dirk, excusing with a gentlemanly smirk, looking at me, and smiling. “Pardon me, Dirk! May I have the last dance of the evening with the enchanting and gorgeous Lady Starra for the evening?” We bug hug, eye burning each other’s eyeballs as we swiftly twirl in a completed circle away from snarling Dirk and slowly dance the night away, without any more interference. I sigh with marriage.

Day 23. Commerce. Starra’s castle. dark blue sky. full moon. 52°F. before sunrise. early morning. I stand my body cluelessly in the darkness inside the kitchen after popping the sealed lock on the small metal door. The electricity is powered to off, making the castle minus15-degrees below zero…(yeah, I’m barometer)…since, Dirk won’t turn the electricity to on.
Dirk had informed me…last night…during our tango…little ‘t’ like in little trouble that he would flip the power to “on,” if I get “out” of the galaxy, using the wormhole. Naw! I did that ride in the first alien-timeline and didn’t like the deadly consequences.
I slap my palms hardy creating the earth element heat with a T-zap using my Tele power of healing touch of Telemetabolics and then apply both my hands and touch the naked kitchen wall. Red colored heat instantly radiates the wall around my hands, then it zooms outwards faster then a rocket missile in different directions, surrounding the one sided wall. The red light shoots all over the walls and illuminates the entire kitchen with light and heat. I smile proudly.
If my Tele theory works, I may be able to light the entire castle, not needing double smart-hole Dirk. I quietly pray and mumble with high hopes like that little tiny ant, who lifts hundred times its weight for food, not starving during the wintertime.
“Only in your dreams, Starra, you’re not a power plant.” I moan like I have stepped my new cowgirl boots in a fresh pile of horse dookie.
O! I found my black and pink snake-skinned cowgirl boots that I purchased in the first alien-timeline at the Shoe Booth during Jubilation Day inside my old bedroom closet of the manor on Commerce. I coo like a happy birdie while tromping around the ice cold floor warming my toe bones. However, the pink tint of the extreme tip of the leather boot toe has magically spread an inch towards the arch of the inlay. Weirdly.
I slap both palms on the hallway leading into the Dining-room against the darkness and see bright overhead lights pop ‘on.’ I giggle. “It works.” I walk around the castle lighting each room and heating the cold air molecules, giggling. “I’m a power plant.” I yawn with any ugly letter, O while trucking me and cowgirl boots to bed.
I crawl inside the cool bed sheets while daydreaming about Baron.
The door bell sounds like a fog horn.  I upright and fold at my waist and listen with eardrums. Bong! Bong! “Stang! I gotta fix that dang door chime.” 
I roll my lazy warm fuzzy cozy body to the left, planting my naked toe bones on the plush carpet, and exit my private chamber. I slowly stumble then faster tumble in the overhead lights from slushy neurons. Bong! Bong goes the door chime. 
I trip on naked feet and beautifully recover on the chartreuse (that’s greenish-yellow) staircase, then flop both fleshy heels upon the carpet, and waddle in my bath robe plus night gown towards the foyer. I slam the nails off the wood, seeing the cool mist as my eyeballs focus on him. I say, softly. “Bartholomew?” He invades the foyer dressed like he’s going to a birthday party as I listen.
Bartholomew says. “I’m sorry to wake you, Lady Starra. There’s an emergency noble meeting, now. Your presence is required at the Royal castle.” He stops as I nod my skull. I twist my body, galloping upstairs to dress.

Rex’s castle. noble meeting. four in morning. I stare at the pretty lavender-painted which is like my wall in my bedroom on Planet Earth as bodies swish by and settle around the noble round table.
I wait for King Arthur…naw…King Rex to invade his space and yell at me for doing something wrong. The table crowds with Rann across from me, Governor Jon of Uni, dead…(gotcha)…Count Dov of Bio, General Ira of Militia, Marquise Roy of Resort, Dirk. Queen…I mean…Viscountess Rita of Tech, since I keep forgetting her new title change. Too early! Too sleepy! Too cold!
I enjoyed dancing at the last night’s Festival Ball inside Baron’s tight biceps while he whispered noble juicy gossip about Rita. I smiled and nodded for more good stuff.
After I vanished from the first alien-timeline, Queen Rita was blamed for the total disintegration death of the traitor (that’s me). The traitor (that’s me) had been sentenced to die by hanging from gallows at the Game stadium. But, Rita had to boast and brag about marrying Baron over a dying traitor (that’s me), and accidentally halted the timed schedule of the traitor’s (that’s me) execution proceeding. Then, a nasty gigantic T-storm overtook the grounds, bleachers, and earth soil of the Stadium building, where hundreds of thousands of citizens were killed, maimed, injured, and lost during the massive earthquakes, pretty lighting strikes, fierce hurricane winds and titanic water flooding provided by a super dupery rainy T-storm.
Rita was secretly trialed by her Daddy. King Rex dethroned her title of lovely Queen, and labeled her, a plain old Lady. Rex still has a daughter and still needs the currs for his empty Treasury Chest. During the next Jubilation Day, when I was not present, Viscount Lad won the hand of Lady Rita, since she couldn’t answer the riddle, becoming Viscountess Rita. The end.
Lad is less than five feet and fat with soft white pale skin, and blond curls that flow over his round skull. Rita is an elegant girl almost six feet with big breasts, small waist, narrow hips, dark blonde hair, baby blue eyes, pretty, intelligent, and cunning like her dang Daddy. Her Daddy selected an equally noble punishment for his dang daughter. And, Lad died, last week from a batch of bad mushrooms. Very strange!
I view Rita quietly sitting between Ira and Dirk. Dirk opines…way too much for her and has lovingly volunteered as her secretary on Tech World. Buddies till the end of something!
Rita doesn’t wait for her Daddy and swiftly stands. “Rex is dead.” The nobles grunt like a bunch of piglets then silence.
Roy asks with that stupid promotional person concept. “Dead by assassination or suicide?”
Ira addresses. “Suicide, without any connection to assassination. The still body lies within the Rex’s private chamber with a single dagger implanted into his heart.” Ouchy!
The universe allows the nobles and any ambitious commoners to ascend to the next noble rank based on a murderous kill of their superior someone in secret, of course. Once the dirty deed is done, and ya got the guts to steal rank, you can increase your both power and currs, all at once. I sigh with disapproval.
Jon wrinkles his forehead, ugly, asking. “No one has come forth declaring him or herself the next ruler of the universe.”
Ira exclaims and grins with a toothy. “I re-instate Viscountess Rita as Queen. She’s the most qualified to assume her Father’s Royal position over the universe.”
Rita shakes her curls. “I cannot accept the Royal position. I’m obligated to Tech World, since Lad has died. There are Royal bylaws for this type of noble emergency that I’ll explain to you.” She shuffles her high heels sandals towards the north wall, moving the art painting, and spins a dial to the built-in steel plated wall safe. She lifts the handle, pulling gently an object, and gracefully pirouettes. She faces us and carries a red Book.
I ponder the number of red Books hidden around the universe that’s locked in a safe box behind other art paintings throughout the noble castles. This red-colored faded leather Book matches the identical dimensions, font, and style other red-colored faded leather Book. I received that red Book from Rosa in first alien-alien time line. I sigh with intrigue.
Rita elegant strolls in her floor-length purple gown towards the table, plopping the leather against the wood, flips some pages, and reads out loud. “In the event, King Rex is declared dead, without the event of assassination as determined by the Royal court, the existing nobles will elect a new ruler by nominations of two noble delegates. Then, a census will be polled to determine the next new king or queen of the universe by a democratic vote in the majority.”
Bartholomew stands and shuffles his boots beside Rita, scanning the contents and confirms the context. “This text says that we nominate two candidates and vote which one should be the next ruler of the universe.”
Rita nods. “You have paraphrased the statement, correctly.” She moves to sit in his chair.
Ira pulls the Book to his placement, viewing the faces. “There are only seven nobles eligible for nomination.” Rita swiftly stands then exits room.
I slowly stand while Ira motions his hand like a flapping bird at me. Jon tenderly touches my arm as Ira questions. “Where are you going, Starra? You’re first noblette of Bonita. That world has been ruled by female for over 500 years. Dirk knows this.” Ira views Dirk as I slowly sit.
I didn’t know that news flash.
Dirk swiftly stands, bowing at his waist then salutations all in respect. “Nobles, good luck!” He exits, gently closing the door shut.
Ira exclaims with a smile. “I nominate Marquis Roy.”
Rann yells with a slick toothy grin. “I nominate Baron Bartholomew.”
Ira declares, standing. “We have two nominations for the new Ruler of the Universe. Are there any objections from the candidates?” He acts as a noble facilitator as silence prevails. He nosily clears his throat, proposing. “I suggest that we vote using an old fashion method of ink and paper.” He nosily rips loose blank paper from inside the rear of the Book, placing the small slips next to the cup. The cup is filled with a set of pretty feathered quill pens plus a matching ink well in the center aisle of the round table. I missed that from the previous noble meeting in the first alien-timeline. Ira instructs. “Please, write your choice of king on the piece of paper, fold it in half, and return it to the basket in the center of the table. Does everyone understand these instructions?”
I gently pick up and admire the cute-like quill feather pen in chartreuse (that’s greenish-yellow) with the tide-dyed peacock feather, representing Bonita castle. I scramble the name of king, and fold the tiny paper, dropping into the basket. Then I day dream about Baron, smirking at his stoic face. The nobles finish their scribbles. I sigh with excitement.
Ira nods at the complete task. He lifts the basket in front of his placement, selecting one small slip and holds it into the air. He reads the proper name. “Roy.” Dov nods, smiling then Ira hands off the open slip to Bartholomew for all nobles to see and verify. He pulls new paper, reading. “Bartholomew.”

Exterior hallway. “Rita, don’t get so close,” Dirk whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings with his mouth next to her left eardrum as she hogs the noble doorway.
“I want to hear who wins.” Rita whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings into his face.
Dirk gently grabs her forearm, swinging her towards the empty hallway. “Forget it, sweetie! We have work to do. Let’s leave. That girl, Starra is going to be trouble for us.”
They shuffle away from the noble archway arm-in-arm while bad breathing into each other’s nose holes strolling towards the exit-door.
“You can handle her, sweetie! How many people were gathered last night?” Rita asks.
“Five.” Dirk replies.
“Does anyone else suspect that the Sickness patients have not died?” Rita asks.
“My doctors, who have lined their pockets with your currs, are providing professional reasons and medical documentation that fools even the mourning family members.” Dirk laughs.
“You’re correct. We have lots of work to do.” Rita laughs.

Noble meeting room. “Bartholomew.” Ira reads the last slip of paper in a very loud timbre.
I whisper like delicate butterfly’s sings after hearing that familiar and dangerous word float around inside the metaphysically air wave. “Sickness patients…”
Ira smiles and proclaims with arms in a half-moon symbol. “I declare our new king as Bartholomew.” The nobles stand, clap as Bartholomew raises and smiles. He gently jerks my right hand into the air then I stand, late.
I think that I have heard the term, sickness patients. I think that I have heard the term coming from Rita’s mouth. The wicked duo are up to something, not good. I plan to find out and finish it. I nosily clap and toss a fake smile at the bowing Bartholomew.

Day 24. Bartholomew’s castle. sunny. ten in morning. King Bartholomew’s gift is a combo Royal Coronation and Royal Funeral to the citizens for being generously nominated and elected as the new solo ruler of universe for his lifetime job. The Royal Treasury Chest has no currs for the event where the Baron is one of the wealthier nobles in the galaxy, second, only to Rann.
Bartholomew has ordered work vacations, school releases, and freedom privileges for many prisoners on Prison Planet. He has invited all to attend the numerous parties, balls, lunches, markets, shopping….breathe…sightseeing, and on-going continuous 20-hour (that’s Commerce day and night) celebrations on Commerce for five-days (that’s Commerce week).

Day 25. 26. 27. Bartholomew’s. banquet hall. sunny. afternoon. I gladly attend party after party, banquet after banquet, lunch after lunch, and meeting after meeting for fifteen hours straight then flop my sleepy and dirty petiteness into my own bed after being a seem, not spoken girlfriend of a busy bee king. I sigh with par-tee.

Day 28. cobblestone street. King’s Parade. one in afternoon. Festival Day.  The yellow cobblestone street sports citizens, citizens…and more citizens of the remaining less then 2,000,000 along with one alien…(that’s me)…after the terrible natural phenomena. The violent T-storms and multiple earthquakes had toppled concrete stones from the Stadium bleachers over lots of warm bodies.
Today, the parade also honor the fallen men, women, and children plus the former dead, not yet buried, Rex in a fancy Royal Funeral procession. Both the Royal Coronation and the Royal Funeral parade starts at the same time at the formal Royal castle of Rex, and then finally ends at the gates, sorta still in repair array, Game stadium. The Royal burial plot locates on the north gate stadium.
I prettily glide about an inch and one-half in my floor-length poufy pink gown around the numerous piles of old horse dookie, new camel spit, and lots of half-eaten red candy apple balls with a touch of T-kick with Telekinesis. I see King Bartholomew, so handsome, on his magnificent Appalachian stallion Boe, wearing a silly emerald-jeweled crown on top of his salt and pepper hair, while donning a satin flowing dark green cape from a set of emerald gem clips shimmering at his collar bones. The robe extends down over his horse saddle running off the edge of horse’s tail as I settle to the neatly clean concrete. I sigh with kingness.
Doe saddles her smaller frame beside her twin brother Boe with her polished black saddle holding an unpolished and wore single black knee boot of old dead and gone bye-bye Rex. The traditional footwear in the upside down position gestures to honor the old fart as I waddle, duck-like my elaborate pink gown, sleeveless showing off on my tanned shoulders, my adorning a cute pink diamond necklace around my throat. I elegantly trip over the delicate chiffon dress ruffles that hang and love the dangling grasslets. I flow forward while the dress flows backwards. I jerk tightly around my waist as I struggle like a wrestle trying to reach Boe and Bartholomew. I sigh with toil.
I arrive alive. I can’t save much for the hem of the pink ruffles. I greet with a perfect set of white teeth and fresh mint breath, holding my outstretched right glove for acceptance as a good Lady Noblette. “Good afternoon, Bartholomew!” He views me, smiling, sliding off the top of Boe. He stands before me, then bows at his waist for respect and then tenderly kisses my glove. I giggle silly like a school girl.
Bartholomew greets. “Good afternoon, Starra.” He wrinkles his forehead, ugly and says beautifully. “You’re wearing a beautiful gown.” I bounce on my naked toe bones inside my open sandals plus beautifully zig zag side to side in the plantation dress. The skirt measures an extra two feet of hips on each side, making my waist look tiny while grinning stupidly.
My Tele-senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
“Thank you.” I answer.
He fingers at another beautiful blonde-colored mare on the other side of Boe, saying with disappointment. “I thought you were going to ride beside me, today.” I stare at the horse then swing my face to Bartholomew holding both shock and surprise.
I croak, froggie-like. “Beside you, riding a horse…,” viewing the grass and curse softly under my pink tongue.
“I have the mare saddled for you to slowly walk beside me in my Royal Coronation parade. Don’t you get my message?” Bartholomew screws his eyebrows, funny.
I view him. “Message!?” I sing in piccolo soprano, hearing a whiny alto clarinet. I swing my curls to the annoying person. I sigh with enemy.
Ivy prances like a farm pony from the right, waving her right arm like a crazy person, who must’ve been within eardrum range. She has heard Bartholomew’s request and has an answer. “My fault, Bartholomew! I didn’t deliver the information to Starra in time for this afternoon’s ceremony. I’m so sorry, Bartholomew.” She swings her face and smiles sweetly at me, saying. “There was so much too coordinate and so little time.”
I grit my teeth under a fake smile, quoting, infamously. “I see.” My T-powers can turn Ivy into an ugly green toady frog. I nod, thumbing behind my naked right shoulder, being right-handed dominate. “I’ll ride as planned in my carriage in the rear of parade line.”
Bartholomew smiles, making me feel a little better and tenderly kisses my gloved hand and. He winks. “I’ll see you, later, after the Royal parade inside my skybox, Starra.”
I view her, nodding. “Yes! You will.” I swing my body towards the sidewalk, pacing back to the end of the parade line and swearing in her dripping red blood from my folded fist.
I arrive at the two-horse drawn carriage, not the last float, before last float. The last float is the rectangular-shaped dark purple Coffin-box. This is the last thing behind my skull. Yuck-o! I plot to plan against Ivy for this dead end arrangement…excuse the pun…giggling at my silly humor. I sigh with revenge.
Bartholomew has decreed that all the noble floats will stand in order based upon numerical currs from the highest to the lowest with Bartholomew leading the march on his top of his stallion, Boe. The dysfunctional couple of handsome Rann of Sahara and selfish Ivy of Agri are drawn by four pairs of white camels. The unmarried but dating evil couple of Rita and Dirk is driven by two Pbots inside their Tech-barge. The old-timed married couple of Marquis Roy and Marquise Dee of Resort is drawn by two big gray elephants. The planet floats of Bio, Uni, and finally me come along in the rear while nicely floating way above the piles of animal dookie. I represent both the dead and poor world of Bonita.
I don’t have a curr account in the second alien-timeline. Rosa died before she could properly hand over control of her assets to me, so Dirk has inherited the small money account and no property…(I burnt the castle on Bonita). But, my rich boyfriend, Bartholomew is in the process of deeding everything to me which translates, not much.

I flash past, mentally in the first alien-timeline when I inherited Rosa’s currs. I flash present, mentally my deep financial situations sucks.

I hear trumpets sound and the drums bang, while flutes toots.
The King’s Parade starts as the citizens wave with arms and finger pads, whistle off-key in high pitched musical notes, toss hundred of wrapped candy bits along with fresh cut flora flowers into the street, while trying to purposefully hit the decks of the colorful noble floats for their fun entertaining.
We trot slowly down to the end of the yellow brick…I mean…cobblestone road. Then, Pbot halts my horse-carriage at the end of the horizontal line…way down about four blocks from the entrance gates. I was brewing and mewing with my jealous revenge killing plans, instead of paying attention to the barge traffic.
I T-jump with Telekinesis, since no one bothers to park their floats beyond me.
I exit my float and waddle down the stones, where I meet two Gbots or guard robots to protect and defend my boyfriend, King Bartholomew. They escort me to my assigned seat, not where you think, either. I am inside my own Bonita-skybox as I witness Bartholomew in the Royal seats in his Royal skybox . Rann and Ivy, sit…way too far from me on the opposite side of gigantic field, near BA. I Tele-sight them. I sigh with frustration.
I’m outfoxed twice by my new nemesis Ivy. O, well! It’s, just a ceremony of crowning my boyfriend as the permanent King of the Universe, occurring once in a lifetime. I motion with my waving hand for Wbot for bring me a weak beverage and a big umbrella to fit over my sun burning freckles, since it’s not a hot day temperature-wise. I sigh with disappointment.
Words after words after words, everyone has something VIP important to say about the new king, the new kingdom, the new universe, and then the dead king, the dead kingdom, and the dead universe. I eat fifteen chocolate chips and five beverages of sugary soda during those boring happy then sad solo speeches. I sigh with boredom.
Then, the last man finishes. Rann has a turn talking, swiftly stands and smiles holding his cup of something to Ivy then Bartholomew. “To Bartholomew, whom I’ve have known and serviced all my life, I wish you and your new kingdom the best and brightest future for nobles and commoners.”
It is done!
I stand, exiting the stadium.

Starra’s castle. private chambers. evening. I arrive very tardy at home, finding the place empty and silent. I’m the last mansion upon the yellow brick road and the last stop of any travels, if anyone ever desires to visit me. As a matter of fact, I don’t recall receiving one visitor other then Baron on three different occasions, not pleasure, either plus the non-productive of visiting burglars, too. I giggle with amusement, dashing quickly up the staircase.
I tenderly touch the precious ball-gown blushing in a pinky tint, recalling the acquisition of my unique creation for the Royal Coronation Ball. I sigh with joy.

Five days, ago. I contact Ivy to arrange with her Seamstress to create and design a very special dress, being the one and only current girlfriend of the king. I repeat, the one and only current girlfriend of King Bartholomew.
I require a queenly attire, eliminating all of Lady Ann’s wardrobe of pretty gowns, elegant dresses, and lots of beautiful other garments. Too tight! Too small! Too long!

I flash past, mentally in the first alien-alien time line when Rosa used her Seamstress to complete my noblette wardrobe.

Ivy hurriedly arranges a quick meeting for me at her castle as I promptly arrive and am greeted by Rann. He wittingly entertains both me, the seamstress, and the servants inside the Parlor Room…like a sitting space with food. Ivy continuously congregates with her brother, instead of me.
Yeah! I sound jealous and I am. I have uncovered a new more deadly enemy than Rita, because I can control the one thing that Ivy can’t, her brother with a flutter of an eyelash or a toothy smile on my pretty face. The man melts into my hands. I sigh with confidence.
Rann introduces the Seamstress from Agri to me then takes over the entire dress making session. I sound glad and I am a little bite overwhelmed with everything.
Since, I am working three jobs, hiding my true identity, uncovering the misplaced Sickness patients, and attending…way too many social functions for King Bartholomew.
Life is very busy.
And, I have discovered a dependable and honest best friend in Rann. He suggests a gray color for my gown to match my gray hair, whipping out a bag of loose diamonds mined from Planet Sahara to be sewn upon my Royal Coronation gown. I sign with joy.
Rann instructs the Jeweler from Agri to design my tiara and arranges the Furrier from Planet Ice for produce a set of silver-grayish animal pelts shoulder wrap to go over my new gown. I nod and smile then nod and smile then love my new best to death.
The Fashion-police-force exits the Agri castle for their new homework assignments. Rann plays a good host, inviting me for lunch, consisting of chicken, rice, greens, fresh baked bread, fruit, and my favorite for dessert chocolate cake. I enjoy food, eating like a cave woman barbarian at my place setting.
Rann chuckles with delight and studiously observes my un-noblette behavior. He smirks, “I’ve never seem a lady noble eat, so much food in one meal setting. Do you require more hands, Starra?”
I blush with a pinky tone, once I’ve scraped off the excess dark chocolate off both my cheekbones. I say with chocolate smirked lips. “I’m very satisfied, Rann. Lunch is delicious. Thank you so much for the invitation. I should arrange for payment of the stones. How many currs do I owe you?”
Rann leans into my space, grinning with a toothy smile, saying, sweetly. “You’re very welcome for the meal but don’t worry your pretty head about the diamonds. They’re a gift from me to you. I enjoy giving gifts to citizens. I hope the citizens that I give gifts to enjoy using them.” I smile and blush pinky tint, again.
I can’t handle Rann’s flirtation. He’s so honest and charming, all the dang same time. I’m the king’s girlfriend for goodness sake. Rann needs to learn to show a little respect for me, at least for his best wife, since Ivy’s not here to witness his wild rouge misbehavior. She’s probably used to it after all Rann flirts with every young, old, and elderly female in unknown universe. I sigh with playtime.
I push the chair from the table as Rann touches my hand. I smile giggling and proclaiming. “I probably need to scoot along. Ya know doing my duties of the Royal-girlfriend.”
Rann grins with a toothy smile, leaning more heavily into my space. “Please, stay a little while longer, Starra. We can chat. There’s more chocolate cake in the refrigerator. I promise.”
I clean off the chocolate-covered lips, nodding. “You’ve found my weakness, Rann,” giggling.
Rann grins. “Good! I plan to have another chocolate cake prepared for tomorrow, as well.” He snaps two finger pads as Wbots invade our table. He mumbles the soft secret words to the bots for more food then views me. He shakes his skull, sipping his tea. “Ivy is always running all over the universe, performing tasks for her brother.”
“Do you not want to be involved?” I finish my beverage.
“I provide advice and direction when Bartholomew asks for my opinions and viewpoints. But, I have to admit I’m running both the prison and the farm. I find the later, a real challenge for me.”
I frown. “You’re managing Agri. Isn’t that Ivy’s job?” Wbot parks the biggest piece of cake slice within my eyeballs then I dive five finger pads and two lips into the sweet dessert along with the fork, ya’ll. I ain’t a caveman, only a cowgirl. I sigh with manners.
Rann picks at the sweet cake. “She can’t do everything. The farm runs almost by itself. It’s the diplomatic function that I have to monitor at the farm.” He exhales. “Bartholomew’s Business-partners do not want to meet with any of the other nobles. I don’t blame them. The other nobles are both snobby and rude,” smiling at me, “present company excluded.”
I nod, holding another forkful of cake. “Thank you. I’ve observed the same characters of the other nobles, present company excluded,” smiling with thick chocolate covering my teeth…(yeah, I feel it)…then clean them quickly with my pink tongue. I ask. “Do you think Bartholomew’s new policies and regulations of the ever changing universe will lessen the gap between the commoners and the nobles?” I sigh with interest.
Rann frowns at his fork then views me. He nods, “I do. But, it’s going to take time. I would guess, maybe months, maybe years or maybe decades. I’ve cautioned our new king that change is slow. Both nobles and commoners are feeling the same way that the new policies he wants to institute are invasions of our private property rights. And, no one citizen’s business, especially for an ambition new ruler, creating the same number of enemies along with the same tally of allies on both sides of the Wall.” I sigh with danger.

Present-day. I beautifully pull over my big skull the gray sleeveless slip dress with a plunging v-neckline shown on the front and the back trailing a cute two-foot train. My upper body parts line with a set of glistering and glittering diamonds in the overhead lights over the mirror. My long wavy gray hair flows in patterned s-shaped curves down my bare back muscles, crowning on forehead with a small triangular-shaped tiara along with the matching diamond triangular-shaped necklace on my bare neck, completely my outfit, silver elbow-length gloves. I sigh with gorgeousness.

auditorium, Royal Coronation. King Bartholomew. cool sky. six in evening. The wall paints in a smelly new orange odor and decorates in an array of colorful blue’s, red’s, and yellow’s of horizontal banners, vertical ribbons, archway of colored flowers…six thousands silly balloons…(yeah, I’m swift in math). I sexy walk inside the lobby, noting tons of delicious food consumed, first, lots of dancers dancing, second, and third tapping staccato in my high heeled sandals. I lady-strut towards the Beverage-bar, hunting down Bartholomew with eyeballs and eardrums. I sigh with purpose.
The Royal trumpets blast my earwax into tiny chunks as the Royal greeter greets with a round of obnoxious stupid introduction. Bartholomew drags his new floor-length Hunter green cape along the dirty floor heralding from the busy lobby then stops. He shakes hands of many citizens, kissing the pink cheeks of fat babies, kissing the gloved hands of elder women, and kissing the naked hands of younger girls. I sigh with harm…to her, her, her…
Bartholomew is the new king and solo ruler of universe, without a queen, only a noblette lady. I sigh with jealousy at her, her, her…
Bartholomew slowly trots into the middle of the dance floor as the citizens form a loose circle around him. He finally sees pretty me, waving in my direction with his right hand and five finger pads as Ivy gallops like sweaty race horse passing me and pacing to Bartholomew.
He was waving to her, not me. I sigh with harm to her, not him.
Bartholomew gentlemanly holds her left big dog paw with a five un-manicured kitty claws, leading them into the first dance of the evening. I sigh with disappointment. 
His deep rich sexy baritone trombone whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings in my left eardrum. “You look divine, Starra.”
I view them dancing, then say. “Thanks, Rann!” I elegantly body spin as my gown sways to the music, wrapping gently around my naked toe bones, smiling at Rann. I touch his silk vest made of silver-fabric covered in tiny diamonds, too, for fun, ya’ll. Then, I say, “I’m gratefully for the help…ya know…with the dress.” I slap both my hands to my dress, pondering Bartholomew, not dancing with me. I sigh with hurt.
Rann comes to the rescue with a sweet smile. “If our King’s dances with my wife, then I’ll have to dance with his girl.” Rann gentlemanly extends his right arm as I drape my glove over his hand. We elegantly stroll onto the dance floor.
I dance with Rann for two dances, before Ivy steals her husband from me. I beautifully dance with Marquis Roy, then Priest Jon, then numerous other nameless commoners. I watch with one eyeball since I need the other one to dance forward while watching the young, old, and elderly females line like baby ducklings in a row against the newly painted burnt orange wall hoping to get paint stains…naw…strolls in their new gowns with King Bartholomew. I sigh with loneliness. 
After hours of music dancing, Bartholomew shoves the girl….naw…gently parts from the cute young thing then motions with his right hand and two finger pads at me. I jog with my open arms and my train dragging like an alien-princess then forcefully plow into his back muscles. ‘Cuz, ya’ll! Bartholomew had quickly swung away from my face, addresses one of the many nosy annoying pretty female-Commoners. I back step on sandals and turn bright strawberry red then pace one sandal step forward, standing meekly next Bartholomew.
He finally turns to face me, smiling and touching my arm.
We swing towards the exit-door as the new Royal-couple of the evening. We are tarrying our hemlines to the next Coronation-party, at the next noble castle, Agri.
Bartholomew rushes his words full of joy and delight, cuddling me. “Exciting, isn’t it, Starra?” I slightly nod, rushing our footpads. I wear three-inched high heeled sandals with a two-foot train that really requires a snail-like walk, not a race to the bathroom after drinking too much water. Bartholomew sweet breathes in mint-favor. “So many people have gathered in one room to celebrate peace, goodwill, and prosperity in the universe. My universe! This is my new vision of the future, Starra.” A pair of new Honor Guards open the auditorium door, then the hatch of the carrier-ship. Pbot drives us .02-miles down the yellow brick road then a different pair of Honor Guards open the hatch door. And, then a different pair of Honor Guards open the castle doors then Bartholomew is attacked…naw….touched by hundreds of finger pads. I stand back under the curvy archway of sweet-smelling colorful flora flowers, sneering…naw…seeing. I sigh with the good old former first alien time line.
Two lines form on both sides of the dance room with citizens of the finest wardrobe fabrics, consisting of silk, linen, cotton, satin, rayon, wool, and cotton in both bold and bright rainbow colors. Bartholomew strolls the aisle with sets of bright white and midnight black silly kiddie balloons whipping into his face, chest, and hands. The citizens toss flora petals at his crown, falling down his chest, onto the balloons, and then at his boots. The newest set of the cutest single most eligible young unmarried girls, who are suitable for a single available handsome bachelor king, curtsey, giggle, and touch his face, then his chest, then his balloons. I sigh with panic.
If all this isn’t bad enough with the mini-parade, the twin lines part while Ivy and Bartholomew round and round the empty dance floor with a stupid polka. I stand, watching.
The song changes. I dance with Ira, Tok, Ty, Rann, and other commoners plus some little children while evilly and quickly plotting a new rescue plan then swiftly execute the plan. I forcefully body swing with a touch of my Telekinesis at Bartholomew’s fanny from the young beautiful girl, woman-pulling him by the emerald cuffs into the empty hallway, parking his body in front of my sad face. I whine like I have stepped my new sandal in dog dookie on the dance floor. “Bartholomew!”
“Speech, brother speech!” Ivy bellows like Mama Moo cow in forced labor inside the dance hall as a volume of claps, cheers, and whistles bombard the space.
Bartholomew tenderly removes my hand from his cape leaning into my pretty face, tenderly kissing my cheekbone. He whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings. “We can talk after my speech, Starra.” Then, he swiftly turns and walks away from me while leaving me. I stand, alone, in the empty hallway, viewing the clean floor. Do not kill! 
I sneer like a junk yard dog, and then snort like a wild boar, and finally nosily inhale and slowly exhale for five seconds. I nosily trot to the food table needing sweets, and ordering a big piece of chocolate cheesecake. I find an empty seat against the wall away from the smelly guest inside a lonely-like-me loveseat and twist my body ugly into the small space while hearing a terrible rip from my elegant dress. I ignore it, swiftly lifting the fork at eye level then view Bartholomew.
He’s gone. I don’t mean hidden within the obnoxious thong of cute and ugly party goers. I mean, gone with the freaking wind, ya’ll. I swiftly stand, feeling cold air in an improper place around my exposed dress, rotating my neck muscles around the crowded room for protecting Bartholomew. Then, I curse my new favorite entertaining vile word. “Stang!”
Ira exclaims standing at the edge of the foyer, wearing his pressed and ironed blue uniform with the dangling medals and colorful baby pins. “Royal Honor Guard salute.” These words signal that Bartholomew has deserted the Agri Coronation King’s Ball for the next round of noble dancing and kingly speeches at the next noble castle. I sigh with lateness.
An ugly female Honor Guard with a crooked nose from boxing with her Sbot opponents approaches me from the left then bows at her waist in respect for my noblette statue. She says in an alto saxophone, “The caravan is leaving for the next ball at the Sahara castle, home of Prince Rann and Baronetess Ivy.” I sigh with frustration.
I don’t bother to mum my lips, motion my hand, or move my sandals, since this is going to be the repeating scenario for rest of night, without using my T-power. I nod then flip my fingers, five, not one like an alien princess in silence and dismiss the lowly commoner. I re-seat in a funky position with my legs wrapped my fanny inside my ripped dress then murderously stab the fork and attack with vengeance the chocolate cheesecake, eating viciously like a heathen on the clean soft cushy green flowered sofa. The sweet food will entertain me until my belly is stuffed. Or I vomit from overfill, whichever comes, first. I sigh with irritation.
His deep rich sexy baritone trombone rumbles behind the right side of my tiara. “I see you have succumbed to your weakness.”
I swallow, without chewing. The soft cheese just melts inside your tongue. I mumble with food. “Chocolate cures everything. Didn’t ya know that medical fact, Rann? Colds, viruses, diseases, sadness and disappointment, you name it and chocolate will cure it.” I fade my voice, attacking a fourth forkful of the delicious dessert. Rann shuffles around the sofa, standing over my train,  occupying the other side of the small loveseat. He gently lifts the fabric and carefully folds in half and sits on my kneecaps as I eat.
He sits on the edge, smiling and amuses me. “I didn’t know that medical fact. I’m glad that you’ve informed me.” He views the retreating Royal-guards. “I’m sorry for the misunderstanding, Starra.” He asks. “Where are they going next?”
I shrug my shoulders, biting my lower lip, expressing, without selfishness. “Everyone’s busy making Bartholomew happy that’s the point of him being king,” viewing. “And, I believe to the Sahara Ball hosted by…you.”
Rann chuckles like a silly clown with a toothy grin, cocking his skull sideways. “Ivy’s more than capable of hosting the entire Royal entourage and more comfortably with the invited nobles, spouses, and commoners. I don’t really need to be there.”
I feel sad for Rann and his many obligations with his busy body wife running the universe along with my busy bee boyfriend. I smile. “I didn’t know that Ivy had Egyptian blood running through her noble veins.”
Rann chuckles and smiles at me, winking. “The country of Egypt is an old civilization on Planet Earth that is located in a distance place in of time and space, which is called the Milky Way Galaxy. I enjoy reading the old History books. And, I don’t believe we practice nominating co-regents of the universe by blood lines. You have studied Ancient Earth History when and where on Uni, Starra?”
I smirk with a set of chocolate-covered lips, left. “You might say that I’m a zealous admirer of Earth…ancient and present.” I wink at Rann as he chuckles.
Rann cannot possible fathom the depth of my true meaning of my real home, since he’s born here. We spend the rest of the quiet evening with light talk, good dessert, and fine drink for three short hours about an assortment of varied subject matter, including Egypt, Earth History, crop farming, and some minor topics. I enjoy our secret chats and shared knowledge about Planet Earth, glancing at the comlen on Wbot. I see it is close to midnight on Commerce, asking. “Can you fly me home, Rann?”
“Your home of Bonita, Starra, the night’s still young. Please, stay here, enjoy the food, and soft music. Ya know…,” extending his arm like a signal towards the tables of uneaten food and beverages. “Bartholomew has spent a lot of his personal currs for this kingly party.”
I giggle and shake my curls. “No thank you, Rann! You’ve been a wonderful host, and a good friend for entertaining me, this evening. I’m ready to go home. Anyways, I can’t eat one more bite of chocolate.” I giggle then rudely burp out loud, covering my lips with my sticky finger pads.
Rann grins and chuckles. “As you wish, Lady Starra! Allow me a few minutes to find a Pbot.” He stands, bows at the waist and tenderly kisses my dirty chocolate-covered right hand as I smile with amusement. I sigh with happiness.

Day 32. Starra’s castle. Living-room. warm sunny day. two in afternoon. I straighten my chair for the hundredth time, impatiently waiting for the door chime. I talk insanely to my newly created invisible friend, sitting in the invisible chair, looking adorable in her invisible sundress next to me in front of the front door about our most un-favorite citizen in universe, Ivy. I say. “Ivy acts like she got elected ‘queen of the universe,’ while blocking my VIP important visitation rights to Bartholomew. I know he has many, many kingly responsibilities requiring him to handle…way too many annoyances from the nobles and commoners…”
The door chimes like a fog horn. Bong! Bong! “Fix me,” giggling and swinging my face to the door then jump-T-rex as the Dining-room chair roughly glides across the dusty floor into the long sofa. I quickly dash on sandaled feet to the front door then suddenly stop. I gently smooth with both hands my new gray sundress down the sides from my waist to my kneecaps then comb through my long hair and press my apple cheeks for a rosy ting. I touch the door knob, slamming open the wood, greeting in flute soprano. “Bartholomew!” I sigh with deep disappointment.
“Are you Lady Starra?” Mbot drones.
I part my lips wide like a dying fish and smash my eyelashes upright. I slur surly. “Yeah! What of it?”
Mbot drones. “King Bartholomew has a private message for you. He is detained. King Bartholomew must cancel the lunch but will see you for a dinner engagement at the Royal castle at five in the evening. Thank you, Lady Starra!” It flies backwards towards the air ship, entering the old hatch.
I still ponder that slice robotic move, since it must have a set of hidden sensatory arrays built into its metal can on the rear of the cylinder-shaped body frame.
I flop unladylike upon the cool floor calming my flaming south sitting crossed-legs in my new sundress as the layered gray ruffles fan around my fanny and sandals and park ten finger pads on my jaw.

I flash past mentally last week when I saw the live and breathing flesh and blood Bartholomew at the one and only ever Royal Coronation Ball at the Agri castle, then the next day on Monday at the Royal Noble Meeting.

Bartholomew has laid out his new democratic universe. There is no separation between a noble class and a common class. Everyone lives under one galaxy, peacefully or so BA’s new theory goes, not a very long way. Yeah! Wrong-o, man!

I flash past, mentally on Monday afternoon, I unsuccessfully attempted a third date with Bartholomew, storming the castle like an army of hungry ants with a filled full picnic basket of  food, then tackled Ivy at archway…naw…(been really fun, if I’d won). Ivy blocked me and my new pretty plantation gown of aqua-blue with three rows of horizontal tiers around the full skirt, cutting my torso with a low sweetheart neckline, a big tied bow at my waist, and a set of aqua gems around my throat. So, I spat in her eyeball…naw…spit on the floor, after I swirled around then stomped on sandals surrendering to home.

Bartholomew has transformation the ever changing universe into his new vision of a democratic government, including the nobles, the commoners, Ivy, and me. He has ordered a set of new structures, including hospitals, schools, and shopping plazas, being built within each noble’s home world. He has ordered it to be paid by each noble’s own personal secretly stored selfish currs.
Every citizen is not happy and joyful.
Bartholomew has dictated that children belong with their families. He has morphed Planet Uni and Governor Jon into a post-institution academic learning center for seventeen years and up. Jon is quiet upset and mad at Bartholomew. Count Dov argues his native Ice has too many frozen obstacles and too dangerous for their native children and teens, living and dying in one place. Viscountess Rita jumps upon the band wagon, too, for the protection of their native children and teens, since there is an assortment of dangerous chemicals and deadly robotic activity on the technological advanced world of Tech.
The Bio medical personnel and families do not want to leave their home planet for some new non-native homes. General Ira has eliminated the privileged Honor Guard society within the Militia space stations, since Bartholomew has approved for the families of the Guard-units to permanently move off old tarnished artificial environment into the real tree and grass planets.
Bartholomew has forced the nobles to provide, house, and pay their own Honor Guard Unit with a set of new jobs, new houses, and new social environments making them natives of each home world, being fearful of new their new home and new neighbors. Commoners do not like changing their “old ways of life.”
Bartholomew has successfully failed getting any one member of the Agri Business-partners to accept the relocation plan, spreading, and sharing the crop knowledge of planting, harvesting, and farming, within the other noble planets. Food is a single basis element. Everyone needs food. Everyone consumes food. Everyone leaves Agri, alone.
Bartholomew has granted pardons of 3,504 convicted criminals for good behavior, a reward for being a good character and a good convict, instead of spending an entire life mining the semi-precious stones of rubies, sapphires, emeralds, diamonds, and others rocks. Rann had agreed and advised, very cautiously the inmates who could to be freed, retaining the more vile imprisoned prisoners, whether based on good behavior or not. The new issue for Bartholomew is that no noble or commoner will allow a pardoned life-time convicted criminal entrance onto their door step or bathroom toilet. Period!
Bartholomew is both applauded and cursed for his newly Royal programs, while I worry, hourly. Change is both slow and hard. And, change creates both friend and enemies on both sides of the Wall.

I flash past, mentally into the first alien-alien time line, when the comlens and comfones were communications between nobles, used by nobles, and paid by nobles. I flash present, mentally, where Bartholomew has created a new sophisticated comlen system which broadcasts a range of updates about the new Royal policies and televises on a daily basis.
The citizens must acquire freely both the expensive techo-devices comlens and comfones for their daily usage at their home, watching the kingly decrees of hourly Royal policies along with Bartholomew’s face. Tech World has been ordered to absorb the cost of equipment, angering Rita. I sigh with trouble.
I toss my skull up, looking at the ceiling, noting the damage from the last home invasion of burglaries then flip my face down the wall and studiously stare at the new tea set of green and purple ceramic pot of no flowers, sitting prettily in the corner wall. I frown ask, mysteriously. “Where did that come from?” The door chime bongs. “Now, what?” I slam my hands into my sundress as they bounce off the taunt fabric, parting my pink-painted lips wide like a dying fish. I jump, kitten-like with a touch of T-balance from the floor then slam open the wood. I shockingly stare at Bartholomew inside the archway, holding a bouquet of pink carnations in his right hand while two Gbots guard his body on each side of his rib cage.
Bartholomew pouts his lips, cute-like and asks in a sad tone. “Are you mad at me?” He extends the bouquet.
I blink my eyelashes once, twice then thrice and accept the precious flowers, saying in soft flute music. “Mad, about what?”
“Dinner?” Bartholomew sings in bass drum music.
“Dinner?” I sing in piccolo music and wrinkle my forehead, funny.
“We have a dinner date at five.” He nods.
I glance my eyeballs at comlen on the far wall above the non-functioning fire place and clearly see the numbers are closer to six in evening rather than five.
I swing my curls, rolling my eye balls around the floor, then look at him and says, softly. “I’m so sorry, BA. Time just slipped by me.” I slap my free hand to my dress, mentally feeling sorry for me and my deeper twisted emotions, instead of prepping for our glamour dinner date.
“I see.” Bartholomew whines like he have stepped his knee-boots in squirrel dookie. He probably did, since the front door porch wasn’t cleaned.
I don’t own a Sbot to do the housework. So, I don’t do domestic chores, being an alien princess. I sigh with royalty.
I say, smiling. “I mean to say. I wasn’t expecting you to travel to my castle. I was going to fly my air ship to your castle. We can eat, here?” I motion with my free hand into the empty Living-room towards the more empty Dining-room table with no dishes or food. The dining room leads to the most empty kitchen refrigerator, without any food, too. I giggle with a girly twang and smile sweetly with my sorta lies.
Bartholomew smiles at me, stepping into the archway and grabbing my forearm, and pulls me closer, tapping on my left cheekbone a small kiss. He says. “I suggest…,” when each Gbot tosses a metal limb in front of Bartholomew while preventing him from advancing into my castle.
Gbot drones. “Your Highness! There is call from Baronetess Ivy.”
Bartholomew doesn’t flinch from the four metal limbs plowing through the metal to me. He orders. “Please, tell Ivy, later. I’m occupied for the moment.” He smiles sweetly, hugging me into his cape.
The two Gbot enters one-at-a-time through the archway, following behind us. The right Gbot drones. “Baronetess says, very urgent. She needs your help, immediately.”
Bartholomew shakes his skull, when I spit…naw…whisper into his face. “BA, you should talk with Ivy and solve the emergency. Please, give her my sincere regards. We can have dinner…,” exhaling, “…another night.”
“I’m so sorry, Starra.” He snaps his two finger pads, nodding. “I have an idea. We can meet for lunch, tomorrow at noon time on Agri. We’ll not be disturbed, there. We can go horse back riding to a little secret place, where Ivy can’t reach me. Is it a date, Starra?” He grins with a wicked smile, tenderly holding my bare right hand. He gently kisses my right hand, then my right elbow, then my right shoulder jumping to my right cheekbone, and finally pulls finally me into a wet kiss onto my pink-painted lips then we emerge. I sigh with marriage.
We grin silly as I croak, breathlessly. “Yes.” Yeah! The man loves me.
I’m going to be queen of the universe in this alien-timeline and away for the afternoon, without no comfones, comlens, nobles, and Ivy.
Bartholomew body spins as his cape flies into my face then I back step quickly. I watch him exit, first, out the door with Gbots trailing like Woof puppies out of my eyelashes. I sigh with happiness.

Day 33. Agri. Baron castle. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. 75°F. afternoon. I solo fly in the rusty zipper which parks like a dead bird on the landing pad of the Bonita castle, but works perfectly. I dock on Agri at the ugliest sprawling piece of personal property in the universe. I jump, kitten-like from the hatchway with no Bartholomew present. I rush to the front door, wearing my sorta clean but dependable black outfit, noting that I need new clothes other then ball gowns. I walk straight into the manor through any unlocked door then run upon the unkind housekeeper at the archway.
The Agri Housekeeper snarls like an alligator and asks. “How did you get here, Miss?”

I flash past, mentally when Maria remembered my name and loved my person with sweetness and kindness. I flash present, mentally where Maria doesn’t know my noblette status or beautiful name or cute freckles.

I smile, nodding. “Starra! I’m Starra. I’m meeting Bartholomew…”
“…for lunch….,” mouth spits…(poor habit)…the Housekeeper, sneering at me, while still not introducing her person to the first lady of Bonita.
I clap my hands together and fake a smile. “O, goody! Bartholomew mentioned our picnic to his secret hiding place.” I try to impress.
The Housekeeper sneers like a junk yard dog. “His secret place in the mountains?”

I flash past, mentally into the first alien-timeline when Bartholomew showed off his secret mountain spot for our first romantic evening in the woods. Then, I flash present, mentally realizing that no single citizen recalls me and my visitation to the planet of Bonita, Commerce or Agri.

I nod, smiling. “Yes! His secret place in the mountains! Bartholomew is coming, here from lunch. So, I will see to the horses. Thanks!” I rapidly two-step to the right quickly into the archway and around her.
I walk the beautiful colorful nice smelly gardens, consisting of rainbow flowers, manicured grass, short plants, and tall trees along with fresh cut green hay that makes me homesick for my own plantation on Earth. I follow the implanted limestone stones towards the barn stalls of the twin Appalachian horses, Boe and Doe, who aren’t saddled for our ride.

I flash past, mentally into the first alien-timeline when Bartholomew brought the engagement ring, presenting it to me for our marriage, being the thoughtful honest gentleman. Then, I flash present, mentally that he’s very busy man…I mean…king. He’s very busy king, ruler of entire universe.

I produce a single apple in my right palm. Boe swiftly grabs with his teeth and tongue, chewing as the apple juices lands on my hand and hay floor. Then, I open my left palm, showing another stolen single apple from Apple-tree during my walk.
I’m a Tele, not a magician.
Doe eats approvingly, nodding her skull. Someone is detaining Bartholomew on purpose. I nominate the biological sister as my second nosy spy. I sigh with toil.
I get the award, the best snooping action by tracing the missing hospital patients, who carry an unusually mysterious disease which has been documented recorded inside their medical treatment files causing their untimely deaths. Ten patients have been reported with a rare blood disease, without a known medical term. The mysterious blood disease carries the familiar symptoms, a fever, a coma and then, a death. I quickly re-label the missing medical term as the Sickness, since these missing hospital patients are real missing Sickness patients.

Seven days ago. Dirk chatted to Rita inside the empty hallway inquiring about the five patients, four came from Planet Resort. I raced my zipper, winning. I interviewed Roy while mewing with his medical concerns and social sympathy for their mysterious sudden deaths. Roy tattled. The Resort Medical Facility had observed, treated with drugs, then watched them die two days, later with a dangerous unknown blood disease.
No family members were allowed to visit the ill patients, unless they were properly clothed and supervised from the mysterious disease. When the patients died they were cremated by the Tech World Honor Guards while protecting both the family members and the hospital medical personnel from catching a rare dangerous and deadly blood disease.

I flash past, mentally into the first alien-timeline when Rann with the aid of Rita and Dirk had trained the recovered Sickness patients as fighting Tele warriors, who fought against Rex’s evil regime and Bartholomew’s citizens.

I have found and copied the falsified medical records of the Sickness patients that can prove my snooping case by nosing around the Uni-hospital, without proper authorization from Roy. Roy and me will get into a big pile of fresh Woof poopy along with my pretty neck, not being kissed by boyfriend, Bartholomew. I must be very cautious, indeed. Ivy doesn’t care for me and my upcoming marriage plans with her bro which might lead to me, being something bad.
I pat Doe’s soft mane along her forehead, rotating neck muscles around the castle dirt and note. No Bartholomew, Gus, only horses, horse flies, trees, and bushes. I sigh with disappointment.
Boe rubs her skull against my arm as I nod. “I have you and Doe. Didn’t I, girl?” The horses stomp hoofs, neigh loudly, and bob their skulls as I tease the twins. I grab and then easy the saddle over Boe.
I mount him as we, three pad down the familiar path towards the secret place on the mountain side, praying Bartholomew comes to me with supper, before I starve to death.

Secret place. Stream. Oak tree. Picnic table. I spread the blanket over the newly sprouted green grasslets as Boe and Doe trot into the open clearing nibbling on their own baby grasslets. I survey my eyeballs the secret foto of beauty, serenity and the calmness of the crooked sparkling brook of fresh water under the twin overhanging trees. The trees shade an elegantly crafted wood table for two people, only. I lay my pretty head, staring studiously into the fluffy funny white cloud formation of geometric pictures of faces, then clowns, then sheep and then close my eyelashes. I fall sound asleep. I sigh with peace.
Screams. Fires. Death.
I bolt upright on elbows with both fear and fright, scanning the tall trees, low bushes, blue sky, running creek water, and the two horses safe inside the secret place along the mountain valley on Agri. I recognize a major bad nightmare when I feel, see, and taste it. I suck the mouth drool back into my tongue. I sigh with relief.
I see no sign, smoke or signal of boyfriend Bartholomew, making an executive decision to leave. I load my body upon Boe as we, three plow up the hill and down the valley back into the barn stalls, where the stable boys take care of the horses. I path my fanny through the empty kitchen, without Housekeeper Marie. I pace to my zipper then fly off Planet Agri.

Commerce. Game-stadium. warm sky. three in afternoon. I let the zipper’s cruise control do the work. I ponder visiting a busy and inaccessible Bartholomew during his royal working hours. Ivy occupies both his professional private time with her annoying modifications to “her” universe. I giggle with a girly twang.
Therefore, I will change my attitude, not passive with the Royal decrees. Then, I visit and work with King Bartholomew inside the castle, too. Yeah, man! Tell him, tomorrow…naw…tell him, now. I sigh with purpose.
I cut the engines then T-fly with Telekinesis to home.
I count thirty-one, thirty-two…thirty-eight damaged star ships dangerously adrift within the outer space limits of Planet Commerce. Bartholomew has forced the nobles to open their planet’s merchandise markets on their individual noble world shutting down all the common vendor booths on Commerce.
The space traffic has quadrupled. More star ships, more freight ships, more passenger ships, and more cargo ships whack like a bunch of wild tennis balls back and forth through the Wall. Good idea for business, bad for space accidents!
All the busted parts of outer space junk jams up the transportation of traveling zippers, carriers, and cargos creating great big delays in any continuous space travel along with the high probability of space accidents. My comfone mice squeaks bombarding both eardrums of vocal activity, including the annoyingly emergency calls, triple crossed space line transmissions, and constant intergalactic chit-chat with Grandma. I sigh with impatience.
I decide to voyage the dark side of Commerce making swifter time with the swifter light speed engines near my castle. I zoom quickly around the radius of Commerce, seeing. The abandoned warehouse is located three miles south of my castle.

I flash past, mentally into the first alien time line when Rann rescued the first set of Sickness patients after I stole them using my T-powers from the renovated hospital, thronging Rex’s planned cold-blooded execution of 80 citizens.

I laugh with a hardy tone recalling the good old times, hovering the zipper slightly over the docking platform upon the second floor of my castle. Then, I see colorful burning black, brown, yellow, and white smoke signals bellowing from the Stadium.
My eyeballs witness four big bright glossy silver ram ships over the Stadium while switching the mechanic gears on the joystick of my zipper. I accelerate into a pacing speed towards the enemy, seeing the active commotion on the cobblestone street.
Citizen are running and holding both packages and children from the Stadium, hollering for help. I sigh with duty.
I T-sight the closet ram ship. “I’m going to blast you out of the clear blue sky…,” speaking figuratively, of course. My tiny zipper carries two passengers and one piece of luggage, which isn’t any match for a massive huge heavily armed ram ship, much less four of them. I yell. “Weapons! Where are the weapons in here?” I excite within my eyeballs, seeing the switch. “Found it.”
I smash a red button with my right palm as a series of shooting sprays of maser fire send lots of red waves, hitting direct hits into the big warship’s side hull, burning like a tiny tea leaf hole into the silver metal like a ladybug bite. I plow the zipper up the metal rounded side until I hit air then arch the zipper in the skyline for a second round of target practice. I blast red beams into the side, not creating a lot of physical damage, being an irritating little insect for a while, until my light show ends. I snort like a wild boar.
The four ram ships jump, T-rex up high into skyline and far away from me, vanishing awesomely as I rock with seasickness from the powerful sonic boom inside my webbing seat. I sigh with respect.
I see with my eyeballs six out of twelve tiered platform concrete bleachers had stressed and fallen from the heavy blasting maser rounds of the ram ship then feel with my T-powers the concrete blocks had collapsed on a multitude of men, women, teens, kids, and babies. My T-power scan and then determine 500,000 killed and 500,000 maimed and injured citizens. The death toil has reduced the citizen population to 1,000,000 plus one alien living in unknown universe. I sigh with sorrow.
I land inside a patch of grass, popping the hatch.
I T-jump out the zipper then T-gallop towards the messy debris, consisting of broken concrete blocks and larger cement slabs barracking a semi-high wall at the eastern Stadium-gate. I use my T-power of Telekinesis, waving arms side to side and then crack a crooked semi-vertical seam into the blocked wall. I back step into the street then wave arms, yell, and tap some panic brain cells with my T-power while signaling a rescue crew. I finger the new entrance into the stadium then twist my body. I follow the smell of death, consisting of millions of body parts.
I stop at the largest pile of boulders and blood then dig, immediately, using my bare ten finger pads, hands, elbows, arms, feet, and knees into the soft dust, hard rock, and sharp metal fragments. I quickly seek any whole body survivor of this terrible tragic. I sigh with sorrow.
I dig, dig, and dig for hours while assisting the rescue teams as we unveil bodies and more body parts of men, women, teens, kids, babies, players, coaches, and some nobles.
Ira secures sets of physical ropes for the more dangerous sections of the Stadium and posts the Militia soldiers police around the entire parameter while guarding both the victims and survivors. I sigh with exhaustion.
A new pain invades my left arm by someone when my tired body hits an examination table inside the mobile medical unit. I slump lazy onto a dirty bed, feeling hurt in my skull, arms, hands, legs, back muscle, knees, feet, and numerous miscellaneous body parts. I close my eyelashes then open my eyelashes as my body throbs, everywhere. I sigh with pain.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus. Heal.
“Starra!” An invisible body rumbles with a deep bass drum into my left eardrum as I sleep. “Starra!” I open my eyelashes, cutting my eyeballs to a charmingly smile with a perfect set of white teeth which are all connected to Bartholomew.
Bartholomew tenderly holds my left bloody hand, talking softly into my left ear drum as I wheeze in pain, without words from my left finger pads to my pinky toes in red and pink cuts from digging into the sharp metal fragments and jiggered rock debris searching for citizens. My turtleneck is ripped from the left side of my shoulder down to my wrist, while my exposed legs prettily paint with pink cuts, blue bruises, and red blood. My nerve endings dance the polka around my spinal cord of an awesomely intense tracing pain then Bartholomew shuffles my left hand into his chest for more pain plus his loving care. I grunt like a dying animal then mouth spit like a camel.
He whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Sorry.”
“Ok…,” faking a smile and grunting in baritone.
“Med Tech, over here, immediately!” Bartholomew bellows into my left eardrum as I shift my deaf ear to the right.
I whimper like a wussie, first, then whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings. “No.” I inhale as Bartholomew lowers his face into my lips. I whisper like delicate butterfly wings. “Other people….medical treatment.” I am thankful for undivided attention from Bartholomew, about time, finally, and waiting my turn long enough. Seriously, ya’ll! There are lots of other citizens, who blood and ache worse than I.
“Now, Med Tech.” Bartholomew rudely shouts as the Med Tech calmly strolls, scanning with his medical eyeballs then squirts a plop of yellow smelly ointment on my exposed body parts. He quickly wraps a set of thick white bandages around my hands, arms, legs, elbows, knees, and skull then suddenly pivots to attend the next victim beside me on the other cot. Bartholomew yells, rudely for a second time at his hair roots. “Med Tech, do more for Lady Starra?”
The Med Tech works on the bloody and broken body, saying. “Your Highness, Lady Starra has suffered a series of small superficial cuts and bruises. They’ll heal very fast with proper rest and plenty of food and water. I suggest you take her home, sir.”
“I see.” Bartholomew whispers softly, smiling.
I whimper with a sissy breathe. “He…correct. Go home…rest.” I exhale with pain and then shuffle upon my elbow with dizziness.
Bartholomew assists by holding both my shoulders. “Careful, Starra! Let me help you.” He gently lifts both my legs under his strong biceps, cradling me into his muscular chest, and carries me like a baby into his personal airship. Then, he helps me sit upright upon the soft leather bench of the carrier ship. He says. “I’m taking you back to the Bonita castle, Starra.” He runs around the bumper then heavily flops onto the bench seating. My inners swish, jolt, and jerk with pain then he scoots me into his lap and wraps his arms around my body, since he’s the only gentleman in unknown universe.
I happily lay my skull onto his chest with a sissy whisper, then Bartholomew kisses the crown of my skull. I sigh with love.

Day 34. Starra’s castle. dark blue sky, black clouds, rain and thunder, morning. I stir awake as my eyelashes pop open with blurry visions while ignoring the sleep crumbs encrusted around my eye sockets in the darkness. I order my sub-conscious mind back to sleep.
My Tele-senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
I see, feel, hear, and taste the violent T-storm of heavy white rain drops, pretty yellow lighting, and ear-piecing loud thunder with the sounds of boom, crack and pop.

I flash past, mentally into the first alien-timeline when invading burglars attacked me inside my castle during a heavy thunderstorm. Then, I flash present, mentally where the thunder booms in my eardrums and then lightning bolts brightens in my eyelashes during nighttime slumber.

I moan like I have stepped my naked toes in a batch of dog dookie. “Repeat.” I crawl my tired body out from under my warm bed covers, plotting to call Bartholomew for aid, then forget to do that.
I dress quickly…naw…slowly in my new black turtleneck, a dirty black skirt, and the sorta cleaned black with pink toed cowgirl boots. I Tele-hear intensively too numerous footfalls coming up the foot-stairs.
I limp with pain to my bedroom door frame while holding both my bandaged hands against the wood panel then plant a T-shield very poorly around the wood and me. I sigh with exhaustion.
The door sounds with lots of bangs invade my ears and annoying my headache. An invisible Stranger hits a great big fat club at the wood as my T-powers meekly weakly don’t work-ly….whatever!
The door sound with more bangs. Then, a single two inches by four inches of jagged wooden stave beautifully falls from the wooden door upon the clean carpet as I nosily gasp in shock.
A pair of white eyeballs inside a black hood stare back at me when I scream with a scary day dream, really loud and ugly, “Ahh!”
The door sound with many more bangs. Then, three two inches by four-inches wooden panels hug the lush carpet as the single archway parts like the Red Sea for my unwelcomed masked visitors.
I back step quickly and hit the soft edge of the bed mattress with both fear and fright plus dizzy and dread-ness. They swiftly charge at me holding their clubs in the air then I perfectly faint on the carpet.

New Planet Bio. Temple-building. property rental of Dirk and Rita. cloudy. hot day. two in afternoon. “Uh...bright lights!” I whine like someone hit me with a club. They really didn’t. I inhale stale oxygen into my tight lungs then open my eyelashes. I view a dull faded orange color that paints on the ceiling, twisting my skull from the ceiling to the wall on my right. I see more dull faded orange paint that covers three walls along with two sets of cute males, not orange decorating the square archway. Then, I prop up on sore elbows, examining my pretty cowgirl boots covering my un-harmed naked toes to my dirty bandages on my kneecaps, chest, arms, and hands, then T-scan with Telemetabolics. I am healthy, wise, and wealthy with feel good, great power. I sigh with awesomeness.
“About time, sleeping noblette…,” Dirk stares at me beside the hovering Sbot.
I jump, kitten-like from the cot and quickly tarry my body to the steel bars that protects Dirk from me.
I connect, link, and Tele to Dirk. Beware of the girl dog, man!
Dirk grins as Rita strolls from the entrance archway in an orange jumpsuit and annoys my eardrums and eyeballs. “You mean, sleeping uglyette, don’t you, sweetie?” Rita poses royally next to Dirk. Then, he tenderly peaks a light kiss upon her cheekbone as she wraps her arms around his chest. I gag with vile bile holding back the puke green vomit. Rita and Dirk are the bad guys of the universe. Bartholomew and Rann are good guys of the universe. And, I’m the cooked goose trapped behind the enemy walls. I sigh with intrigue.
My boyfriend Bartholomew is too busy playing “King of Universe” and my best friend Rann is too busy helping King Bartholomew and pseudo Queen-Ivy who is my new nemesis plays against me. I sigh with frustration.
The sour puss Guard face stands in archway, saying. “Emperor Dirk, I need your attention for a moment with an urgent matter.” I hear the Guard incorrectly slurs Dirk’s title as both Dirk and the Guard exit the temple.
I quickly plot-a-plan to gather information, getting out of here, and report my findings to Bartholomew and Rann. I view Rita. “You sent the ram ships to destroy Commerce.”
“Yes.” Rita sings in alto clarinet, sniggering at her brilliant task.
I frown. “May I ask why?” I really want to know.
“A warning to the new king of the universe.” Rita says for useless intelligence gathering for me.
I eye roll, beautifully then view her ugly face. “Geez! No brownie points for originality, Rita,” giggling. “Ya know the citizens of the universe love Bartholomew, except for ya’ll monkeys.” I raises both palms, smirking. “O! Let me guess, here. Ya want to rule the galaxy which is always the ultimate solution for an evil being.”
Rita knows that have guessed correctly then frowns. Then, she smiles then says. “He has enemies. Enemies that can harm, hurt, and destroy him.”
I nod. “Dirk has hair lice, too, that can harm, hurt, and destroy hair roots.” Rita spits mouth salvia into the air from laughter then quickly covers her lips with a right hand, giggling. I say. “O! Let’s further note! Bartholomew has allies. Allies that can harm, hurt, and destroy you.” Rita recovers lovely from her giggling session then elegantly crosses biceps over her new fugly ugly jumpsuit, viewing me.
Rita questions, without a freaking clue. “Are you going to destroy me, sleeping uglyette?” I guess Dirk forget to tattle about my secret T-powers.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I T-flare with Telekinesis, waving my right hand in the air, popping six rusty bolts from the nuts. I allow the squeaky prison door to slam upon tile as it breaks the concrete with a crashing cymbal clang. I magically levitate in the air about two inches from the floor over the cell door, stepping gracefully onto the tile and park my cowgirl boot toes three inches from Rita’s spit and polished brown knee-boots. I say. “Yeah! I’ll destroy you.”
Rita jumps, kitten-like from my face and orders. “Fire at her, you fools!” The sour puss Guards blast rays of blue stunner beams at me as I quickly build a T-shield…naw…quickly do nothing.
I can’t deflect a single or a series of stun waves. My body absorbs the numbing energy as I drop to my kneecaps while sinking like the ship slowly into the tile and then see relief coming through archway.
“Stop!” Dirk sings in tenor saxophone, wrinkling his forehead, ugly at me as Rita gracefully pirouettes and smiles wickedly at him bouncing and hitting his chest for fun or accident.
Rita back steps to view his face, saying in sweet alto into his left eardrum. “I’m just having some fun, sweetie. No harm done!” Dirks uses a T-scan with Telepathy, probing me quickly as I whomp it back against his mind shield and don’t allow a connect, link, or Tele message to mentally flow between us.
I ain’t hurt, buddy.
I kneel on fours (palms and kneecaps) while violently coughing away the numbness in my mind and arms.
Dirk turns to face Rita and then pet names. “Sweetie, could you assist with the children for me?”
Rita frowns then smiles then purrs. “Children?” She smirks at me. “I can do that for you, sweetie.” She lightly peaks his left cheek then exists her body out the archway.
I cough, shake then stand marching directly on boots into his chest. “Want something, Dirk?”
Dirk presents a set of white toothies. “Want you dead, Starra? But, I will settle for you being the ‘guest of honor’ at my party, now,” motioning with two finger pads at the twin Guards.
“Got jealous of Rita having all the fun, here?” I insult, winking.
Dirk sneers like a junk yard dog. “Your fun is about to begin, Starra, which I’ll enjoy watching until your ending.” He neck snaps his skull to the guards and orders. “Escort Lady Starra to her honored position in our Game.”
Four hands and twenty finger pads roughly grab a bicep, while I voluntarily obey. I’m dying with kitty-cat curiosity in learning of Dirk and Rita’s plan to take over the galaxy. I giggle, saying. “Please be gentle! This is my first time, being a guest of honor.” We, five pad out the archway.
They jerk me down hundreds…naw…thirty-six red vine-covered stairs…(yeah, I counted)…onto the pretty lush manicured short green grass. I swing my curls  to the side, seeing.
The structure shapes like an ancient ritual temple like triangular-math. I pass by Rita, more guards, lots of orange bleachers, three fruit juice stands, asking. “Can I have a fruit beverage?”
My twin-Guards grunt in pig sounds and ignore my request as we pass more guard, lots more orange bleachers and the single bathrooms stall decorated with the cute symbols of a girl. I ask. “Can I go to the girly bathroom, please?” We don’t stop our drill marching until I see…way too much green manicured grass at the end of our long stroll. I sigh with kitty-cat curiosity.
The twin-Guards twist their bodies to the right and then park me in the grass.
I stand on my legs like a pink flamingo, beautifully staring at the triangle-shaped orange temple which is about 3,000 feet away from me and perpendicular to the nosily grand stands on my left. There is a 60-foot high limestone wall on my right about 1,000 feet away from cowgirl boots.
I stretch my T-power of clairvoyance, viewing the wall. I see, feel, taste, and hear the thick overgrown tall trees, numerous low plants, bushy bushes, assorted wild flowers, flying insects, chirping birds, jumping squirrels, running rabbits, and hunting foxes. I yell as the twin-Guards move off the grass. “Where’s my chair, man?” The single golden-plated gong bongs really loud in the air waves as the single note of baritone tuba ‘d-flat’ rings in my Tele-eardrums.
Rita rises from the big orange chair in her spiffy orange jumpsuit along with her arms in a v-pattern, strolling to the single black comfone at the throat-high podium. He beauty bleeds over the solo comlen that locates at the opposite end of me. She says in secret mysterious words. “First-unit, present your Warriors for the test.”
I close my eyelashes then open my eyelashes, double-checking my Tele-sight. I verify children, wearing Rita’s duplicate ugly jumpsuit in mini-size with mini-years of ages of five to seven years old. They carry misshaped assortment of hard rocks. I sigh with kitty-cat curiosity.
I connect, link, and Tele-probe to a smiling Dirk. Victory, accomplishment, glory.
Her voice echoes throughout the grass field. “The Object on the opposite side of the grass is your target, Warriors.” She commands the Baby-warriors as I swing my curls behind my back and see a stone wall. The gong bongs for a second time.
The children arch with their arm the hard rocks in one hand, then the gong bongs for a third time. The Baby-warriors toss…way too short into air wave and hit the stone wall, hard grass, and my stupid bodyguards. I laugh with a hardy tone.
The gong bongs for a tetrice time (that’s four times) as the Baby-warriors march in a single file off the field into the underground lockers.
The gong bongs for the pentice (that’s five times) as a new set of Kid-warriors, who wear Rita’s matching jumpsuit, march in a horizontal line onto the field, holding set of short sharp darts. Their age ranges in nine to twelve years.
I whine like I have stepped my right cowgirl boot in opossum poo. “This is going to take all day long.”
The gong bongs for a sextice time (that’s six times) while the Kid-warriors arch their arms behind their heads with their new weapons. The gong bongs for a septice time (that’s seven times). They fire when I easily deflect using my T-power of Telekinesis, hitting the pointy darts into the stone wall, more grass, some tall wooded trees, and more of the stupid bodyguards. I laugh.
The gong bongs for an octice time (that’s eight times), while the Kid-warriors exit the field going into the lockers when the Teen-warriors drill upon the grass. The gong bongs for the nonice time (that’s nine times).
The gong bongs for the dexice time (that’s ten times) while Teen-warriors arch their arms and wildly pitch long sharp spears. I T-shield me and my zone of lush grass, diverting the deadly instruments of death and destruction against me.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I Tele-view the rest of the weapons in the flesh palms of the resting older Tele-warriors, sitting uncomfortably inside the stone bleachers, who are waiting on their turn to cream puff my sweet cakes…(ain’t happening, ya’ll). 
I quickly jerk the weapons from their individual hand gripe or from the stone bleacher then rise them sky high towards the clouds…just kidding…then into an arch peak trajectory. I stop the weapons in mid-air, opening my eyelashes.
I lift my hands and arms over my skull then swiftly fling my arms and hands down to the ground when all the weapons fall towards a downward motion while impaling and embedding sharp arrows, small daggers, curved swords, blasting masers back into the Trainees-warriors sitting inside the bleachers. I seriously hope that Dirk had taught the new Tele-warriors about their Tele-shields, Tele-bubbles, and Tele-protective fields. I present duck lips, ugly, seeing the splattering of red blood and gray tissues. I sigh with sadness.
I execute plan-b, vaulting swiftly over the sixty-foot high stone wall. I T-gallop with Telekinesis and T-leap upon the top of the wall then stand upright upon the windy ledge. I T-spot a safe landing of green grass on the other side of the woodlands.
My Tele-senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
I don’t bother looking with my eyeballs at the advancing forward motion of my enemy’s swords, sabers, arrows, and darts, being hurled all at once towards me at hyper speed. I leap T-rex then somersault twice in the air, covering about forty feet to the tree, avoiding the jagged rocks, poisonous snakes, and barbed wire fence.
I’m a Tele, not a daredevil.
My enemy’s weapons beautifully pierce more of the 400-old tree then me. I whisper like delicate butterfly wings to the tree hugging like a baby monkey onto the lowest branch limb. “Thank you!”
I slowly scurry like a squirrel down to the rough rocky dirt as my left cowgirl boot falls lovingly into the hissing snake pit. I stop and curse. “Stang!” I’m not retrieving it, without receiving a death wish.
I continue down then kneel on kneecaps and breathing heavy from the intense physical exercise the gingerly touch the left side at my waist, drawing back red blood. A stray arrow has pierced my body. I gather a bunch of green healthy leaves, tearing turtleneck fabric from my right arm and carefully wrapping the cloth around my bleeding wound then tightly tie the cloth and loosely seal the wound with a touch of Telemetabolics. I sigh with pain.
I T-scan in the far distance, seeing a single building. I exhale, standing and walking to the occupied structure, seeing. Citizens are working and servicing all kinds of zippers, carriers, cargos, and ram ships. I cautiously watch the workers pace to and from the Maintenance Shop like busy little bees working on their pollinated flowers, spotting a lonely zipper to the left of my position. Beggars can’t be choosers.
I grunt like a dying animal before crawling on threes (one palm and two kneecaps) gingerly holding my wound in place from the jostling. I might need more medical assistance then my T-powers. Ya know, a Bbot would work, perfectly.
I quietly sneak inside the open hatch of the zipper cramming my folded throbbing-body into the hard leather seat, seeing. The visual damage of the ship is almost beyond a mechanic supernatural repair. There is no engine, oxygen, force field shield, comfone, comlen. I sigh with deep disappointment.
“Time for a miracle, Starra!” I whine like I have squashed my palm into squirrel dookie. Because, I did. I have no other choice flying the damaged zipper using my T-powers of Telepathy and Telekinesis.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Concentrate. Calm. Relax. Focus.
The zipper rocks with a seasick roll from the dirt soil then soars into the air in a hazard tilt into the wind currents like a wounded bird of prey. I swing my curls and identify the planet of Bio. Rita and Dirk have selected the perfect spot in Planet Bio, since empty of native, while housing, raising, and training a Tele-army. My zipper swings away from Tech World, avoiding Rita’s guards, spies, and big metal dangerous bots and heading straight into the Wall that big massive object made of space rock, space debris, and space stuff.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Concentrate. Calm. Relax. Focus.
I Tele-view a small peek hole inside the Wall, taking it, and using my T-power of Telekinesis. I whip it open and accelerate faster with a short prayer then plunge like a diver and shake, jolt, and rumble both my body and the zipper through ten inches of solid rock.
Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Zero. I whisper. “Boom,” living and grunting like a dying animal from the pain in my side. I angle the zipper for a short fly and quick landing on Resort. I sigh with aid.

Resort. Casino. Marquis Roy. sun, 87ºF. early evening. I grunt like a dying animal and breathe heavy after that carnival bumpy ride, popping the hatch and rolling my body outside in the pretty sunset. I stand and eye burn my red blood upon the seat, the white sand, and my red-stained hand then steal the old beige cape. I park it over both shoulders for a simple disguise into the damaged Casino. I plan to execute a new plot to requisition a newer sleeker star ship with a working hyper drive then travel back home to Commerce, tattle-tailing both on Rita and Dirk to Bartholomew. I sigh with duty.
I slowly limp on a right boot,  left naked foot then a right boot then a left naked foot until I reach the solid ten-feet natural coral rock wall, manicured green grass, low red berry bushes, seeing. No gate, lock or knob. I securely grab the coral rock, pull my aching muscles over the short stone then slither down like a earthworm on the opposite side. I slowly pivot and smell the perfumed flowers then wobble my legs towards a set of double doors. I discover the knob is locked.
I T-zap with Telekinesis, unlocking the door and slowly limping into the empty hallway and use T-power of Teleclairvoyance (that’s future events) to locate the Service Shop for a new ship.
My Tele-senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling. 
I slide my body like a ghost into the arch frame, watching the two Guards advance into my face. I leap, kitten-like and stumble in a girly pose into both males. I punch the nose with my right folded fist into the Guard on my left then whack my left fist into the jaw of the Guard on the right as they drop to their kneecaps, bowing to me. I hold both palms to my waist in pain.
I whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Another one…or maybe, two bites the dust.” I grunt like a dying animal and spot the electronic map. I jerk the mini-bot from his utility belt, pressing a series of buttons for the correct direction of my safe getaway. I re-cover my freckles in the beige hood, humping like a monster around the corner.
My Tele-senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
A third Guard shouts in his tenor trumpet trailing behind me. “Hey, you in beige cape! What’da you doing here?”
I gallop to the nearest exit door then race upstairs to the third floor, enter the third floor, plow down the empty hallway, and take a second door on the left. I halt at the beginning of a long hallway then travel to the fourth door, and slam it open, seeing the real parking garage. 
I disguise my real intention of stealing a star ship, and enter the third side door on the right into a room empty of citizens, guards, furniture, and windows making me trapped like a plantation mouse. I sigh with miffness.
The Resort-guards swiftly barge and bear deadly numerous maser barrels at me. I eye burn the floor, jerking the cape hood over my skull for my clever disguise, slapping nosily my hands to my legs. I can’t even read the stolen map, correctly. I ran down the wrong corridor on purpose. I sigh with stupidity.
I wished beyond wishes I was watching an action movie. The heroine always gets it right, the first time. I observe the indigo concrete walls between the Guards, then predict that I’ll get it right, the second time. I giggle with a girly twang. I breathe heavy from my wound feeling the warm blood leave my warm body and land upon the clean tiles. I say in my bass flute. “Well boys! It’s time for me to leave the party.”
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Concentrate. Relax. Focus.
“I am not going to harm…you,” his deep rich sexy baritone trombone echoes against the walls as I open my eyelashes and view Rann behind my hood. He’s in the wrong place, instead of helping Bartholomew on Commerce or his wife on Agri. Rann says, standing right in front of me. “There is no where to run, unless you have sprouted hidden wings under your cape with which to fly off my world to the Wall.” I immediate drop the cape upon the floor as Rann sings in baritone tuba. “Starra!?” He views the head Guard, commanding. “Leave me with the captive.”
The Guard shakes his skull. “Sire, I’ll stay for your protection while you question the prisoner.” I sigh with dread.
“You have your orders.” Rann commands with more force then views me when the Guards exit the room, closing the door. He frowns. “Did my guards assault you?”
“No.” I sing in tenor saxophone.
Rann folds biceps over my exposed chest then uses his unknowingly T-scan over my body, nodding. “I tracked your zipper from the Wall to Resort and I am impressed with the pilot that handled a damaged ship. I searched the ship for more shipmates. But, I have determined, only you. Your piloting skills are outstanding, Lady Starra.” Rann slowly paces around me, saying. “I have deduced that the pilot of the damaged zipper was escaping from something…or maybe, someone.” He parks his body in front of face. “If you are unwilling to co-operate, I’m left with only one choice.” He pauses for handsomeness using his eyeballs to scan me from my hair roots to toe bones. “I’m charging you with spying, trespassing, and treason to the Crown, Lady Starra.” I don’t care, just get me a nice comfortable bed, so I can heal. Rann asks. “Do you want to dispute the charges against your person, Lady Starra?” I close my eyelashes with pain as Rann views the ceiling, then the floor, and then returns his eyeballs back to me. He says. “I’m going to report your actions to the new King. I believe Bartholomew will be most displeased.” I don’t care as Rann exhales then asks with a kinder tone. “Who did this to you, Starra?” I’ll answer all questions, tomorrow, after I have rested and healed. Rann says. “Based on the current information and visual evidence, I feel that I have no other course of action but to place you under house arrest. You’re to be detained on this planet until the new King determines your punishment. Do you have any objections, Lady Starra?” I do not. Please, place me on a big bed mattress. Rann slowly walks to my left side, questioning. “Starra, does this hurt?” He forcefully grabs my bleeding wound then painfully squeezes.
I totally faint into darkness into his steel biceps.

Day 35. Resort. sunny day. 76ºF. afternoon. “Uh…bright lights.” I whine like I have passed out from intense warrior pain, giggling. I wiggle my toe bones, finger pads, cute nose, and ear flaps…(yeah, I can do that). I view the pretty ceiling, rotating my neck muscles around the beautiful colored room. I see indigo all over the four walls, tile floor, and smooth ceiling, being inside one of the room at the Resort-casino. This is the bestest jail I’ve ever spent the night inside.

I flash past, mentally into the first alien-timeline when Rex arrested, hauled, and imprisoned my fanny as a traitor of the galaxy, spending the night in his crammed little ten inches by ten-inches jail cell.

I prop upon my pointy elbows, examining with eyeballs my biological body, and wear three sets of white bandages that are double wrapped upon my naked feet, hidden ankles, on each leg, at the waist, on each arm, around my chest along with my neck muscles and completing a covering over my skull. I carefully struggle and roll my bandaged feet to the floor. Then I stand with a weak sensation catching my balance with a touch of Telemetabolics and waddle, no where. I giggle. I bunny hop on bandaged feet and legs into the lavatory to pee and poo, seeing.
My reflective self shows the scary little sister of King Tut of Egypt on Earth, giggling.
I un-wrap and un-load each dirty bloody cloth, washing my naked body nice and clean then step naked into my sleeping chamber and completely scan my new prison, the Penthouse Suite, the tallest level of the hotel casino. I see and recall that comfortable bed, missing the beautiful bird’s eye spectacular view of Planet Resort, not the long sofa, two side chairs, a dressing table with a mirrored vanity. My eyeballs land on the open closet.
I eye catch prettily a single outfit hanging inside the open closet, dashing swiftly on naked feet to the wooden hanger. I touch the silky soft two-piece garment colored in gray that matches my hair, decorating with tiny hundreds of stones of diamonds, glittering and gleaming from overhead the bright lights in the room. I sigh with happy.
The upper body designs a single shoulder band and dresses with a big single diamond stunning brooch at the body intersection of my left collar bone and left arm socket. A straight pin skirt colors gray barely below my fanny, embedding a band of tiny diamonds at the waistline that makes me look like an alien princess. I giggle in a girly twang as I dress quickly, since it’s cold from the air conditioning unit in the room. I sigh with love.
Then, my eyeballs venture down to the standing pair of shoes within the shoe rack. An elegantly thigh-high style two new leather gray leg boots matches fabric of my new outfit of gray. I sigh with joy.
I slip both boots over my legs, noting. The right thigh-high boot boldly houses a single silver dagger embedded with a vertical strip of sparkling diamonds up and down both sides of the smooth silver metal. I slowly pull the blade from the sewn leather pouch inside my inner thigh as I grin and gleam of something, very bad.
I owned lots of illegal weapons, consisting of shot guns and stun guns on Earth and used the full set of masers that color red, yellow, green, and blue while training with Rosa in the first alien-timeline. But, I prefer using my T-powers of Telepathy, Telekinesis, Teleclairvoyance, and Telemetabolics to defend me and me friends. I slowly holster my deadly dagger back into the hidden pouch within my right thigh-high boot, feeling the slight weight of smooth metal blade. I sigh with contentment.
My nose holes smell the delicious food that over loads upon the single table bacon-greasing the indigo paint on the walls as I growl like a hungry bear. I grab a big plate and then overloading with a pile of scrambled eggs, cooked meats, fresh baked breads, rip fruits, and a single chocolate cake, not a couple of sissy slices of cake but the entire second tiered cake. I sit upon the roomy loveseat for my legs with the wide low table in front of my kneecaps for my big plate. I like being Rann’s prisoner, forever, eating, instead of giggling.
The soft knock sounds at my closed entrance door into my suite. Then, the automatic door mysteriously swings open, announcing Rann and his steel biceps swaying to an invisible musical tone inside his head. He appears handsome and dashing as ever with a million dollar smile. He wears his unique golden silk vest which is split down the middle showing off his pumps of sculptured tanned muscles from his throat to biceps. I ponder if Rann keeps his personal dagger inside his vest near his generous heart like my new present plus food plus aid. I wished Bartholomew would adopt a more liberal dress code…naw…never. I spit giggle instead of spit drool at Rann.
“Good afternoon, Starra.” Rann rumbles in his sexy deep baritone trombone, bows at his waist for respect while smiling and charming the heck of me. I grin with my molars filled with food, since I don’t bother to swallow.
“Good afternoon, Warden.” I giggle and cover my full mouth.
Rann chuckles, strolling to the oversized chair next to mine, still smiling. “How’s my prisoner doing today?”
I retort with a head nod. “Good to be alive…,” chewing.
Rann smiles, since I like to eat and watch Rann smile. He doesn’t miss much of me, either. He nods. “I see you found the cake.”
“I never miss a meal.  Thanks for your wonderful presents.” I swiftly stand as new food crumbles fall upon the carpet, while I smoothly press both my open palms sexy down the curves of my body showing off my new outfit.
Rann smirks at me. “You’re, very welcome. How are you feeling, Lady Starra?”
I raise both my arms in the air for fun and shout. “Feel great!” Then, I voice in my normal flute music. “The rest was very useful, very needed, very…me.” I smooth purr like a kitty-cat and wink and flirt with playboy Rann.
He chuckles then views the carpet. “I’m very pleased.” Then, he views the door then back to me, not smiling. “You were beaten, pretty badly. My physicians who dressed your puncture wounds commented that you were hit with a series of tiny darts, sharp arrows, long spears, a few blades of daggers, and two curved-bladed swords. Plus, there were a couple of maser burns among the stone bruises produced by hitting a pile of hard boulders,” pausing for handsomeness. “Would you care to explain, what happened to you, Starra?” I swing my curls  and view the pretty colored red birds flying outside the window. Rann stares at my nose profile. “Or do I have to personally apply my own torture methods on you for collected information, Lady Starra?” I do not look at Rann.
I connect, link, and Tele to him. Don’t Rann? 
I like to playfully flirt some days with Rann, but I’m not in the mood for any stupid mind games or fluffy fairy tales, today. I require an immediate visit to Bartholomew, rat-tattling about Rita and Dirk. Bartholomew is the ruler of the galaxy, deciding the punishment for the self-entitled Emperor Dirk and Empress Rita in his universe.
I swing my curls, smiling and viewing him. “If I’s tell ya…then I’s have to kill ya, sir.”
Rann chuckles then sings in baritone trombone. “Humor! You’re always full of entertaining wit, Starra. I have noted that you enjoy using the different Earth phrases to complement your silly jesting. I can’t remember them myself but I recognize them rolling from your sharp acid tongue from time to time.” I blush with a pinky flesh tint, feeling suddenly homesick for Earth as Rann says. “I…will let your…story pass for the moment.” I chew more of my food like a wild hunger animal inside my closed pink-painted lips. Rann leans over then tenderly touches my right forearm, observing with his eyeballs. “No cuts, no bruises, and no scars. I’ve never seen a person completely heal in one day.” He views me, asking mysteriously. “How’s this possible, Starra?”
“Wonder if...” I pose with closed lips then swallow the lump of food, saying carefully. “Wonder if, I told you that I have exceptional healing powers. Would you believe me, honey pie?” I wink at Rann.
Rann frowns. “ ‘Seeing is believing’ as we Resortians say. I see it and still I don’t believe it.” He nods then asks. “Would you care to elaborate on that statement, as well?” He studies me then scoots his hot body onto the empty side of the loveseat with me, nodding. “I have read, sometimes, that citizens can exhibit unusual skills, during some types of emergencies. But you seem to possess these unusual skills, all the time, Starra. How could that be? Hmm!” I quickly stuff the sweet roll into my mouth as Rann views the floor, then me, saying. “I studied with Rosa for a couple of weeks, before she died. Rosa educated me on some interesting theories about certain types of abilities she had called, Tele.”
I stop chewing, staring studiously into his almond slanted brown pupils then swallow the wad of food. I nod, saying. “Let me guess! You saw something inside a red Book.”
Rann smashes his eyelids upright with both shock and sureness, asking. “How do you know about that Book which exclusively belongs to Rosa, Starra?”
I present duck lips, ugly. “Based on some current history lessons, it seems that every noble possesses their own red colored tainted Book.” Rann chuckles at my lame joke as I say. “Remember, the one Rita pulled from that hidden safe box behind the art painting when Rex was discovered dead that pains in old worn red leather which smells to my nostrils.” Rann smiles as I nod. “I wish I could see Rosa’s Book, again. I’d like to re-read more of the intriguing chapters that I missed the first time around in the time...”
“First time around? What does that mean, Starra? And, how is that you know about the book and have read some of the contents inside?” Rann boldly questions about my hint of the first alien-timeline, since the man doesn’t see or hear anything. I sigh with carefulness.
I say. “I was shown a couple of certain passages under the guidance and permission with Lady Rosa’s supervision.”
 Rann views the windows, watching the flying birds catch bugs between the rafters of the roof then he looks at me. “I’m relieved to find someone else has some specific knowledge of the Book. Rosa was very vague about certain issues, topics, and theories. I must admit I find most of the information, too unbelievable to fathom or most impossible to understand.” He wrinkles his forearm, funny.
I smile. “You reference elegantly to the issue of Tele-abilities.”
Rann shakes his skull. “How would one be able to move objects or talk to citizens, without using any comfones, Or the ability to see the future, without whatever? Nonsense, Starra! No one citizen can accomplish any of those feats. I believe it impossible. I asked Rosa to demonstrate any one of these acts. She did not. She could not. Or she would not. I still do not have answers but many more questions.”
I grin with a toothy smile, observing a new student eager to learn, maybe more anxious to believe.
I flash past, mentally into the first alien-timeline when Rann zapped around the galaxy using a limited set of his own T-powers of Telepathy, and Telekinesis.

I nod. “Well! Let’s find the answers, together. May I see the Book from Lady Rosa?”
Rann smiles, stands, and walks towards door. “I hoped for a positive response. I’ll be right back, enjoy your lunch, Starra.” He exits outside my room as I finish my beverage, moving the plate on the table. Rann returns six minutes, later holding it between his ten finger pads, giving to me.
I quietly sit, examining the familiar red Book with the same dimensions, same weight, and same old smelly odor.

I flash past, mentally into the first alien-timeline when I discovered the missing pages in Rosa’s red Book, starting on page 1,250 which detailed the Sickness patients.

I start my Sunday school lesson to Rann. “Subject is called the Sickness. Did Rosa explain this strange condition?”
“Very vague.” Rann shakes his skull.
I flip around the big heavy Book on my knees. “The Sickness is a condition in which any being that means any man, woman, teen or child falls into a comatose state from a fever. After two days, the body re-awakens. The biological body is actually re-newed or re-engineered with a set of new mental powers. They are called Tele powers.”
Rann nods while watching me flip around the Book. He fingers at the sentences that I am reading and questions. “I have read that information, before. The passage states. The Sickness had occurred 500 years ago, where some citizens died and some citizens survived. It does not mention Tele-powers, Starra. Where is that written, here?”
I say. “Inside the passage, it mentioned that they are controlled by the Madness. The Madness is a newly formed, developed, and uncontrolled Tele-ability in all the survivors of the Sickness disease. Rosa personally says to me that any Tele power exists in each citizen is controlled by the other Tele instructors. These instructors are teachers, who live and educate all the students on Uni.”
Rann swiftly stands, twirling his body and staring at the wall. He whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings, so that my big Tele-eardrums can pickup. “The universe school for all children sent as young as four years of age. Incredible!” He soldierly pivots, while screwing his eyebrows, cute-like at me, ordering. “Please continue, Starra.” He moves to sit with me.
I say. “Based on Rosa’s sayings, I believe, Rann, that every one of ya’ll possesses T-powers, but the abilities are controlled or blocked at this point in your lives by these talented Tele-teachers on Uni. I might point out these same teachers were trained by Rosa, who happened to have been the leading Tele in this universe.” I nod.
Rann frowns and views me. “This universe? You are referencing our universe that we both live in. Correct, Starra?” I nod with agreement, forgetting that I am an alien and continue to reference the galaxy as theirs, not mine. I sigh with mistake.
“Correct, our galaxy?” I nod.
Rann frowns. “On Uni, the children are de-programmed from their natural Tele-ability of Telepathy which is the ability to read the human. Incredible!”
I wink at him. “Ya get it, boss.”
Rann views the floor then returns his eyeballs to me. “Starra, how did you figure this out?” He’s smart, handsome, and tomcat curious about everything, including me. I snort like a wild boar then suddenly feel fear and fright. Because, I have to reveal my Tele-ability, my true identity and my secret willingly to share my knowledge of a Tele-being along with my known information of Dirk, who has a newly created Tele-army.
I say, seriously. “Ya see! I see…saw the Sickness patients using one of those types of special powers when I detoured my body to Bio.”
Rann frowns. “You have seen citizens, that have demonstrated a single set of Tele-feats. I can understand, the Sickness theory, Starra. I can accept that a citizen survives a terrible disease and it alters their body. But…,” shaking his skull. “I can’t believe that the Sickness has occurred in our galaxy, without our knowledge of it. You seem to possess more information than you’re sharing with me, Starra.” Rann pauses for handsomeness then says with determination. “Start at the beginning, slowly, Starra! Let me heard the entire story up to the point, when you landed, here on Resort.” I sigh with panic.

I flash past, mentally into the first alien-timeline, when Rann was my very bestest true friend.

Rann leans his face into my lips with an almost kiss, but don’t as I narrate. “After the ram ship raid on the Game stadium, I assisted moving lots of rock and debris from the field grounds looking for survivors. I was sore, hurt, and tired. I went home to sleep. But, instead, I ended up entertaining a pair of uninvited guests, that broke into my castle and kidnapped me. I awoke in a prison cell guarded by Dirk and his sidekick Rita. They bragged, how they’re going to conquer the universe and destroy Bartholomew and all his allies. Then, I witnessed Dirk’s new army of Tele-warriors.” Rann leans his face closer to my nostrils as I say. :They tossed, throw, pitched, hurled, and flung small rocks, tiny darts, sharp arrows, pointy daggers, and curved swords into the air at an incredible speed along with a great distance at a single target with sorta perfect accuracy.”
“I’m impressed.” Rann whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings.
I say. “Then, I finally escaped through a dense wooded forest and found a damaged zipper ship. I piloted it off Bio, through the Wall, and into the garden courtyard of the abandoned casino. Then, you caught me.” I smile sweetly as Rann views floor, pondering. I don’t use my T-powers on his active mind. I ask, meekly, almost pouting. “Do you believe me?”
“I do.” Rann rumbles in his deep sexy baritone trombone, viewing me. “You…are the target. You…are a Tele. That’s the only explanation for your understanding, your recovery, and your skills. Aren’t you, Starra?” I slowly nod as Rann says. “Based on your sayings, I, also, understand that you are not the only Tele, here. Dirk’s one, too. Who else is a Tele, Starra?”
I say. “I do not know all the names. But, they’re the missing patients from the hospital wards throughout the galaxy. Dirk has been stealing them from their hospital beds, faking their deaths, and re-training them as his Tele-warriors. I have to say that Dirk’s a very powerful Tele but not greater than I.” I sigh with conceit.
“I’m glad that you’re on our side.” Rann chuckles for fun. “If Dirk has the Sickness patients and is training them as soldiers, then we need to form our own army of talented warriors to defend ourselves, or defeat them?” Rann raises his eyebrow, right as I nod. I grab the Book, flipping absentmindedly through the pages. He nods. “Maybe, the data isn’t inside the Book, Starra, Maybe, Rosa told you something during her lecture that you didn’t interpret correctly. So, try to remember her exact words.”

I flash past, mentally into the first alien- timeline when Rosa gave me the black diamond bracelets that did successfully deflect the deadly maser waves from me. Then, I purposefully destroyed it to save my fanny.

“The talisman.” I blurt to Rann, flipping the pages for the golden object.

I flash past, mentally into the first alien-timeline when Rosa offered her talisman to me then I gained more Tele powers by absorbing her T-powers into my body somehow, someway, and something.

I halt in the Book on page 2,800, announcing and finger pointing. “Foto of the talisman.” Rann scoots really close to my left leg as I continue to read out loud. “The talisman is the key to unlocking all …,” viewing him then view the book, reading, “…Tele-abilities in each citizen. Do so by placing the talisman…,” viewing him then viewing the book. “There’s a list of specific directions here…,” nodding with Rann. I finger the words, “…directly over a citizen’s forehead for ten-seconds. Then, the Tele-channel will unlock and in-flow into the brain cells interfacing with a citizen’s psyche. It will create a new set of brain patterns with the Tele-functions and associated Tele-abilities. Each citizen is limited to one, or maybe, two powers. Warning...,” giggling with a silly sound as Rann frowns at me. I say. “I sorry! I’m never seen a warning inside a book, before on a supernatural thingy.” I nosily clear my throat then say. “Warning! This method of Tele-development can cause a brain hemorrhage or a brain explosion. The Tele-outcome is uncertain and dangerous to any citizen of the universe. That’s it.” I stare at Rann and remark. “That’s a pretty intensive warning, Rann and just might kill every one we encounter.” I sigh with concern.
Rann nods. “We have to take that chance. Dirk has an army of Teles with or without the talisman.” He stresses. “We must inform BA and explain this new information in regards to the universe. What’s coming for us? He needs to prepare for War.” I nod. The door sounds with a loud knock when I jump like a scary cat. Rann leaps, kitten-like pathing towards the closed door. He opens it, staring at the party. “What is it?”
The Resort Honor Guard says inside the archway as my ears pickup the chat. “I’m very sorry to disturb you and your guest, Prince Rann. We’ve captured a spy on the space station of Militia. Your attention’s required for interrogation of the prisoner.”
Rann nods. “Of course, I’ll join you, shortly. Please, keep the prisoner warm and secure! I do not want to hear of any mistreatment of my prisoners. Are you clear on my orders, Guard?” The Guard nods then leaves the archway. Rann swings his face to me, smiling. “I’m sorry for the interruption, Starra. I must delay our department for a while. I need to investigate this matter. I’m going to fly to Militia then return within the hour. Then, we can leave for Commerce. Will you be all right? Do you require anything else?” He smiles sweetly, approaching me as I don’t stand but tap my finger nails on the Book.
I say in flute music, nodding and smiling. “I’m quite comfortable, Rann. May I kept the Book and study more of the text while you are away?”
Rann nods “Excellent idea! You can prep me as we travel to see BA about your new methods of training our Tele-army.” He bows at his waist in respect then surprisingly grabs my food-covered left hand and tenderly kisses my bare naked knuckles. Then, he uprights and soldierly pivots, exiting my suite.
I studiously stare at the closed door. I T-poke with Telepathy for fun, following Rann down the hallway. He questions the Guard. I suddenly stop, shaking my curls with my admiration and affection for Rann.
I prop my thigh boots upon the cloth loveseat, feeling Rann’s warm touch then dive my eyeballs and brain cells into the big red Book, researching about tales of Tele-warriors, the single talisman method, and the old Galactic wars.

Ten hours, later. The silver moon brightly glows inside the midnight black highlighting the outer space hanging artificial Militia space station looking like a swarm of bright yellow-whitish Agri fireflies around a pile of fresh green cow dookie. I giggle, seeing pretty red colors then yellow colors, then blue, white and silver colors.
Hold the comfone! I blink my eyelashes shut then open and double check the sky window view, seeing a clear steam of bellowing black smoke signals from Militia. Rann’s there. I sigh with worry.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Concentrate. Calm. Relax. Focus.
I Tele-see tiny little blurry bodies as active citizens swiftly gallop around an open floor. Then, I see a crowded corridor, squared archways, continuous fires and lots of black smoke…naw…I am going in the wrong direction. I Tele-switch my Tele-body and change path course, moving to the opposite end of the crowded corridor.
I Tele-see lots of wounded and bloody citizens then another squared archway with more injured and dead patients covering the floor space. I see a second archway with more injured and dead patients inside sofas, on top of tables. I approach the identified silver medical cots. I Tele-see a man with black hair and a face burnt on his left side. I circle the face, seeing Rann.
“Stang!” I curse breaking my T-probe, immediately. I jump, T-rex, tripping over the low table leg with my stupid boot toe and knocking the table, the Book and my stupid body upon the soft carpet. I yell. “Coming, Rann.” I jump, T-rex upright and dash out the archway, taking the stairs along with every pilot.
Every pilot dashes to their star ship, which is docked in the landing bay as I gallop fast, and elbow faster my arms and finger pads and feet through the tight throng of guards. I halt my body, seeking with my eyeballs and plot-a-plan to steal a zipper for the mighty rescue. I locate a target, skipping lividly on boots into the wall corner, scanning the zipper using every single T-power and finding, a set of working gears, shields, oxygen tanks, and hyper drive.
I gently touch the door hatch as the visible male echoes in his tenor saxophone. He fingers “our” ship and whines like he has stepped his military boot in dog dookie. “Hey! That’s my ship!”
I swing my curls  at the Solider, declaring with my hand covering the hatch handle. “Not today…Tom!” I pause for beauty, scanning his male features with the blonde shaggy hair over his earlobes and his rumpled indigo guard uniform. I laugh with a hardy tone.

I flash past, mentally into the first alien-timeline when Major Jim, my superior officer at the assigned base of OPS (communication castle), ruled over me, since I was only lowly commander.

“I don’t know you.” Tom sneers like a junk yard dog, reaching for the same handle that I hold hotly in my left hand. I smile with a wickedly grin.

I flash past, mentally into the first alien-timeline when I vowed pay back at Tom and Tom’s arrogant super inflated ego and obtuse command orders towards me and my fellow nice officers.

I pout my lips. “Too bad! I need to borrow your ship to rescue Prince Rann on board that on fire and burning out of control space station.” I pop the hatch as the door quickly blows up into the air waves while barely missing Tom’s nostrils. I giggle.
Tom orders, jabbing his finger at me. “You don’t have authorization to borrow guard ship…so…,” he doesn’t finish as I violently shove his chest with my right open palm with a little Tele-muscle flinging him into the wall corner. Tom falls backward and then lands safely upon his back muscles, all unharmed. Okay, ya’ll!
“Sorry, Jim! Gotta go!” I slide slick into the pilot seat, locking the hatch, using a T-flair of Telekinesis. I silently lift from the floor and horizontally carry the zipper off of the ramp lip. Then, I silently blast into the cold black outer space. I sigh with rescue.

Militia. black outer space. minus 1000°F. I ignite the engine during my mid-air flight, conserving my T-powers for rescue. I leap the zipper in a T-rex jump towards the space station Militia, where I witness…way too much action. “Stang!” I view the ferocious fight and the large number of big and small star ships. Emperor Dirk and Empress Rita have launched a full scale assault on Militia, Resort, and anything else in their destruction evil path. I sigh with revenge.
One, two…four…six ram ships approach directly at Planet Resort, after almost completely destroying the non-spinning Militia. Dirk and Rita had traced me, here. Naw! They have planned the attack against Resort…against Bartholomew…against me.
If Dirk eliminates Bartholomew, then Rann, then me, then rules, foreverly the entire universe, ya’ll. I sigh with not happening…in my life time.
I zap with accurate masers into the fat belly of single ram ship, passing it, quickly. I zoom towards Militia, seeing in my awesome rear Tele-view. Planet Resort has launched their defensive strike of combined zipper and carrier ships against the megaton ram star ships. I see and then feel through my T-powers the bursts of pretty red, green, and yellow colors attacking the single ram ship along with their immediate deaths. I sigh with sorrow.
The single Resort freighter travels at its maximum speed in front of my viewing window, while engaging the fat solo ram ship trailing behind in an attack offensive formation. Freighters don’t carry weapons, the long ship delivers goods such as bots, equipment, smaller ships, citizens, and livestock to other planets, holding a complete crew of ten citizens. If the pod is empty then thousands of citizens can stand in the cargo bag.
My Tele-senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
I feel the 2,538 Souls (citizens) inside the ram ship from Planet Bio, flipping my eyeballs to the opposite side of my zipper. I T-scan inside the freight which holds medical stuffs, food supplies, small equipment, air ships, air bikes, and heavy equipment. Hold the comfone! The newly identified 2,538 Souls were the little monsters that belted me with their useless weapons of smooth stones and hard rocks in small huddles located inside the cargo haul of the warship.
I yell via comfone. “Resort-freighter, stop your ascend, now!” The red wave hits the side of the freighter as the ship tilts upon its bow…(that’s right)…then beautifully explodes into an array of blue, white, sliver, and yellows flames. The ram ship accidentally plows its metal into the walls of colored flames and then prettily implodes in colors of green, orange, and red with an ear-deafening boom then bang then bong.
The two ships collide and create a bright yellowish-white light of blue and green sparklings. Then, they disappear into nothingness. I sigh with sadness.
I cannot help the children on the ram ship or the crew of freighter or the Resort pilots or the Resort citizens on Resort. But, I can help my best friend, since I cannot live, without him, cannot lose him, will not lose him, needing Rann to win the War. I sigh with grit.
The trail of scout ram ships have left a sight of destruction and death upon Militia and the seven levels of metal. The lower tier used to hold the living family quarters and recreational facility for family entertainment and employee relaxation. The half-tier stands in place vomiting pieces of sharp metal, shiny equipment, and dead bodies that slowly twirl around my zipper. I sigh with sorrow.
The middle tier contains the landing bays, the ship and bot maintenance shops, medical emergency centers, and the supply storages areas. The upper tier operates a Command Center, kitchen, and weapon control room. I view the damaged pictures on the active comlen inside my zipper, then plot-a-plan to land somewhere along the space station. The middle tier has been blasted to the heavens. The upper tier is powered with light seeing the space station’s personnel running back and forth inside the undivided windows by my Tele-sight.
My Tele-senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
I circle the still station in two complete rotations searching desperately for a single dangerous drop zone for my zipper. Then, I locate a pocket of empty space on the third tier. I plot-a-plan to blast the outer wall using a maser beam creating a bigger hole for my zipper and me. I predict a slight problem, thou like the halting the zipper, once inside with the lack of floor space. I extend my T-scan into the set of medical surgery suites with operating tables plus heavy surgery equipment, and piles of sharp instruments, that cut seriously on my flesh and bone. I sigh with fortitude.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Concentrate. Calm. Focus.
I smash the button to de-accelerate the engine, pressing more buttons as a series of double parallel red color shoots and hits the outer concrete wall, blasting prettily it into more tiny space dust. I see a straight away clearance, pulling the landing gear down and the zipper shields up along with my awesome T-powers working. I utilize my Telekinesis and perfectly fly drive the zipper into a newly created hole. I T-bubble with Telemetabolics creating Tele-protection around precious me. I curse from the rough air molecules bombarding me and my zipper. “Stang!”
I smash roughly onto the slick floor, crashing and making a new wall inside the medical suits, hitting metal machines, light weight body tables minus the bodies, cables lines and over head light fixtures along with hundreds of boxed medical supplies that fly like scattered black cows into the air that go above, around, and behind me. Next, I plunge the zipper into a new wall, hitting several medical cots as I pull my T-shield closer around me, not enjoying the crazy roller coaster ride. I jerk my body forward then bang my body backwards and yank my body sideways, then slam my body violently inside the tiny cockpit. I hit obstacle after obstacle. I sigh with seasickness.
The Earth Science Law states that an object in motion will continue to travel at a constant velocity until the object is displaced by force. I pelt with the nose of the zipper into more medical equipment, cracking the windshield, scratching the metal, bending the steel panels, and pathing into a new wall. I jerk sideways to the right. then suddenly stop. I sigh with dizzy.
The Earth Science Law also states that an object at rest remains at rest until moved by another force. I keep my eyelashes closed and pray silently with a slight smile. I sigh with live.
I open my eyelashes and blink once, twice then thrice, grabbing the portal oxygen mask, and pop the hatch, racing and leaping my body in the air. I tackle the spotless clean hallway, feeling the fresh cool air attack sweaty stinky me. I breathe deeply while sitting quietly on the floor, aching with a set of electric blue forming bruises, scattered pink cuts while I ignore totally the pain. I stand slowly then quickly trot to level four and save Rann. I sigh with worry.
I witness a medical Staffer running between cots of patients in the corridor. I smell death of thousands, and see bodies of bandaged, bleeding, moaning, crying, and praying. I maneuver slowly around the suffering patients. I sense the dying souls, not one of them is Rann.
I halt and eye burn two sets of open doors full of scarred, scorched, and dying corpses, not one of them is Rann. I slowly walk, scanning quickly more wounded bodies upon the flooring, over the long furniture, and upon sets of rolling portable tables. I T-probe with Telepathy while twisting automatically to the fourth row of dying citizens. I sigh with promise.
I sense Rann. His presence is very weak, very soft, and in a very late stage of his life, but don’t fear. I know a wicked spell for raising people from the dead…naw…I lie. I eye burn three tables, walking my boots to the first one, a male covers in white blanket with black hair. The left side of face is both scorched and scarred with massive fire burns.
I place my shaky hand upon his chest indicating that he’s barely alive then pull back my hand. I gently pull the rolling table away from the white wall, then strut around the other side, examining his body, and gently touch his cheekbone with my right index finger nail. I sigh with life.
The other side of the face displays his deep rich suntanned complexion which is smooth like silk on Rann of Planet Sahara, husband to Baronetess Ivy, brother-in-law to King Bartholomew and my bestest friend in the universe. “Stang!” I whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings.
A nameless Med Tech dashes passed me then back ups, ordering into my face. “Can’t do anything for him! Can use your help, over there, with more wounded patients in corner?” I sigh with aghast.
I swing my curls  at him and finger point at Rann’s wounded bloody chest and demand. “Do you know who this is?” I pause for one second then blurt. “Prince Rann of Sahara, husband to Baronetess Ivy…and brother-in-law to King…”
Med Tech shrugs his shoulders. “Dead man to me, lady. Can’t help him, too much damage to his internal organs. Going to die, if not already.” Med Tech views me, not Rann.
I shake my curls, without helping the other injured. “I’m staying, here, with him.” The Med Tech leaves me to attend the patient in the next cot. I lean into his burnt face, whispering like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Die! You’ll not die on my watch, Prince!” I lean my right ear drum into his chest, hearing the slight thumping of the valves like a damaged car then firmly touch with both my palms into his injured chest. I note that the medical diagnose of the Med Tech is correct.
There’s internal bleeding around Rann’s spleen and kidneys as I press more roughly both my open palms into his abdomen, ceasing the excess blood flow into his stomach. The punctured blood veins start to concatenate. I shift my hands along the position of his lungs which are filled with thick pus and lots of yellow fluids, draining the contaminated fluids into his liver and purifying his biological system.
Rann coughs with a nasty timbre, and stirs his right arm then both his legs below the kneecaps. I order into his left eardrum. “Don’t move.” I tenderly touch the set of vertical and horizontal maser burns upon his face, seeing his skin ripple smoothly into a nice shade of coffee. I whisper into his left eardrum. “Bonus point, prince!” I grin. I sigh with happiness.
Rann turns his body sideways towards the wall and coughs with a heavy timbre then mouth splits his thick nasty salvia upon the floor. He lays on his back muscles, grabbing forcefully my right hand. He sings in baritone tuba, opening his eyelids, staring at me. “Starra.”
I smile. “Yo, Rann!” I giggle.
Rann blinks his eyelids once, twice then thrice then slo mo says. “Maser…wave! Bulkhead…explodes! Metal…hits. Blood…,” he swiftly uprights his torso bending at his waist then gingerly touches his shirtless muscles around his generous loving heart. He says with shock. “The metal was flying everywhere around me. My chest was blooding and making it hard for me to breathe.” He views me, screwing his eyebrows, cute-like then lifts both his palms in the air. He touches his smooth handsome face with ten finger pads, saying. “Now! There are no marks.” He is so confused and so innocent to me. I smile sweetly at Rann then swing my curls and view the other patients. Citizens of space station Militia have died, been injured or been captured by Emperor Dirk and his sidekick Empress Rita.
I view him, winking. I lean into his face, sweet breathing. “Our little secret, Rann! We must see the king.”
Rann nods. “Correct! Tell BA about Resort! Help me stand!” He slowly jumps off the medical table, standing soldierly upon the floor as I lead us towards the exit door. He does not move forward when I swing my curls at Rann. I T-scan for any more medical wounds.
I march backwards like a bot parallel with Rann. He wraps his arms around my shoulders then pulls me into his chest while hugging me with a tight teddy bear embrace. He lightly pecks my left cheekbone, whispering, softly. “Thank you, Starra!”
I pull back from his chest and smile into his face. “Anytime, man, let’s rock and roll.”
“Another Earth expression, I’ll have to remember that one.” Rann grins and chuckles with delight as we exit together the door, racing to steal two zippers. I sigh with War.

Commerce. Bartholomew’s castle. cloudy day. 66ºF. afternoon. The Royal Honor Guard unit purposefully blocks the Royal Throne Room. I order with a nasty bass flute voice, standing nose-to-nose, since she’s short like me. I command. “Bartholomew!”
“Do you have an appointment?” The Female Guard grins and poses in front of the wooden door.
I park both folded fists upon my tiny belted waist band, singing in bass flute music. “No.”
The Female Guard shakes her ugly face side to side at me. “I’m so sorry. No appointment means there’s not any type of entrance into the King’s chambers. These are his orders. I hope you understand that the king is a very busy king.” I sigh with rage.
“I am…” slapped down.
“I recognize your face, Lady Starra. No appointment! No entrance,” the Female Guard repeats.
Rann shuffles his body beside me, leans into my right eardrum, whispering, softly. “Starra, may I explain?” I two-step sideways to the left, folding naked biceps over my new top of gray and diamonds while I wrinkle my forehead, ugly and wish them…out of my way. Rann steps forwards, smiling and sweetly greets. “Good afternoon! I must speak with Bartholomew. My information is vital to the survival of our citizens and his universe.”
“Prince Rann, what can I do personally for you?” The Female Guard grins with a toothy smile, flashing her fake black eyelashes at Rann and asks….way too politely. I present fish lips, ugly then snort like a wild boar. Rann charms…his way. “I carry an urgent message from my wife Baronetess Ivy for Bartholomew. The matter is of the utmost importance. If you could slip him a note, I’m waiting for an impromptu meeting, I’d be most appreciative.” He grins with more teeth and magically presents a tiny slip of paper while Female Guard smiles back then nods her ugly face, once and scoots through the closed door into the throne room.
Then, I can’t believe my eyeballs. 
The throne room door mysteriously opens as we stomp our dirty boots onto a newly cleaned dark green carpet towards a slumped figure over the large desk, looking like he’s dead instead of asleep…naw…he works. I sing in flute music. “BA, we got…,” when I stop as Bartholomew uprights his skull and smiles at me.
He swiftly stands, moving around the desk and hugs me tenderly. Rann and I sit inside the chairs in front of his desk. Bartholomew greets. “Starra, what a delight? Have you come for dinner?” He pauses for handsomeness, scanning with his eyeballs up and down upon my body. He says with confusion. “I like your gray outfit. Is that new?” I forget about the wonderful new present from Rann and find it interesting that Bartholomew notices the new attention to details of my person.
I frown. “We have a major problem.”
Bartholomew shakes his skull, whining like he has stepped his shoe in a fresh pile of squirrel dookie. “I have lots of major problems going on. Which one is this?”
I say. “Resort has been brutally attacked by Dirk and Rita using their new army of warriors, Bartholomew. Tele-warriors! The evil dynamic duo intends to take over universe as Emperor and Empress. Ya know, the fake fairy tale stories that Mom and Dad read to ya at bedtime.”
Bartholomew tosses his hands, grinning. “Slow down, Starra! You are making no sense. Attack! Army? Dirk?” He shakes his skull. “I’ve not received any reports from Ivy.”
“I saw Dirk’s army. He has amassed 3,000 men, women and children….” pausing in annoyance.
Bartholomew sits his fanny upon the edge of his desk, chuckling at me and repeats for fun. “Did you say 3,000 men, women, and children that comprise a complete army? I have 500,000 men and women at my disposal, Starra, a mere thousand soldiers, which includes little children, are not a threat to me or my empire.” I stand stupidly on my new thigh-high boots, parting my pink-painted lips then swing my curls to Rann. Rann carefully studies the  Bartholomew’s body language and his facial reactions. Then, Bartholomew says. “Back up, Starra! How were you able to see this army of Dirk’s?” I sigh with fabrication.
I say, standing with illustrated hands movements going to the left, first. “I was kidnapped by Dirk, two days ago, and taken to his hidden base. I witnessed the soldiers performing…”
“You. Were. Taken. Starra, I saw you, two days ago. You were badly wounded from the maser raid attack at the Stadium. I believe you have hit your head, a little too hard on the concrete slabs, darling. If you were kidnapped, why didn’t you call for help? I’d have leaped to your rescue.” Bartholomew chuckles. “So! You say that Dirk and Rita kidnapped you from where? Your castle? The park? At night? During the daylight hours? I’m sorry, Starra, but your story’s a little outrageous.”
“Tele soldiers, who are not ordinary citizens, Bartholomew. They use Tele powers like Telekinesis. Telepathy. Teleclairvoyance. Telemetabolics for…”
“Those are fancy words within some kind of fairy tale, Starra. I, too, have read entertaining stories filled with galaxy warriors, who hover and hurl an object like the size of a zipper into a building. Galaxy warriors can communicate, without comlens and comfones to each other using their mind language. O! And, they can tell the future. Eventually, the Galaxy-warriors can change it, destroy it, and re-create it in a blink of an eyeball…”
The Female Guard slams open the throne room door, saying quickly. “Sire! There’s an urgent message for you…,” fingering the comfone. The Guard back steps and then closes the door. I sit when w turn our faces to the black comfone.
Bartholomew commands. “Comlen display!” The comlen blinks into life, displaying a face and shoulder picture of Ty with a dagger blade around his throat. The picture enlarges and shows Lord Dirk…I mean…Emperor Dirk’s hand holding the sharp golden blade of the dagger. I sigh with death.
“Emperor Dirk…here! I attack, conquer, and control Ice, Resort, and Sahara over the Wall. My new spot in my universe with no social visitors, diplomatic parties or snooping spies. Citizens, not serving me…being loaded into six carriers which…fly into the Wall. Make appropriate arrangements…or my prisoners…forever.” Static paints the comlen.
“I believe Dirk needs more grammar lessons utilizing past tense verb…,” giggling when Rann viciously kicks my right leather boot with his left boot for attention. I view Rann with happy amusement as Rann studiously stares at Bartholomew.
Bartholomew looks at Rann and whispers softly. “I believe.” I slump my body into the chair and seeing the hurtful pain in Bartholomew’s face, feeling his helpless and vulnerable. His universe’s changing. His reign’s changing. His empire’s changing. War viciously invades the universe, again. Bartholomew nosily clears his throat and asks like a sober king. “Starra, you relayed that there are 3,000 warriors.”
“Used to be…,” smirking with a set of crooked pink-painted lips, right and mysteriously explain, without giving away my T-powers and my Earth secret. “I’d say that figure is slightly reduced to about 1,000 or so warriors, if I have to guess were accidentally eliminated…”
“Accidentally eliminated? What does that mean, Starra?” Bartholomew stands from the desk, asking.
I wipe the smirk off my face and confess. “I just told ya. I was taken to Dirk’s hidden base on Bio, Then, I escaped successfully alive and well by creating a small effective little diversion causing the Tele-warriors to get hurt, maimed. And, ya know, maybe, killed…”
“Citizens? My citizens were killed. You killed my citizens.” Bartholomew tosses his arms.
Rann sneers like a junk yard dog, defending me. He says. “Soldiers! They are soldiers. The very same soldiers have retaliated and attacked your citizens on Sahara, Resort…”
“Stay out of this, Rann!” Bartholomew looks at me, yelling at Rann.
I frown. “I survived a very hostile situation. Is that not important to you, Bartholomew? It’s very important to me. My life’s very important…”
“You killed children, Starra?” Bartholomew frowns.
I shake my curls, singing in piccolo music. “No!” I pause for beauty. “The children were safe on Bio. I set a heavy bombardment of artillery…”
Bartholomew will not give it up. “You also killed with the use of weapons. What kinds of weapons can you wand, Starra?”
My Tele-senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
The Female Guard bangs the double doors of wood loudly and interrupts for a second time. “Sire, Administrator Ty for you.”
 “Comlen display!” Bartholomew yells with an unhappy tone, viewing me. Then, the face and shoulder of Ty appears on the screen.
Ty scans the throne room, finding the person. “Rann, we’re moving to the carrier ships and we will land on Commerce within the hour.”
“Let me speak with Ivy!” Bartholomew commands.
My Tele-senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
Ty views his shoes then Bartholomew, informing, sadly. “I’m so sorry to tell you this information in this format, Sire. Baronetess Ivy was killed during the attack on Sahara. I offer my deepest sympathies, Your Highness.” I look at Rann as he views the wall.
Bartholomew chin whips his face into his chest then slowly lifts his skull in the air then raises his eyeballs to screen and whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Thank you!”
Rann says for Bartholomew. “We’ll meet all the ships at Wall, Ty. Rann out!” Static paints the comlen. 
Bartholomew viciously slams his folded fist into the wooden desk then neck snaps his skull to Rann, rudely direct pointing his index finger pad. “You…are her husband. You…are her protector. Where were you, Rann?”
“He was with me…,” that does not come out correctly from my pink-painted lips.
“What!?” Bartholomew smart-holes, staring at me.
I dance really fast on two standing feet, clarifying my stupid statement. “Rann got gravely wounded in the maser blast on Militia. I was with him on the medical wing.” I sigh with innocence.
Bartholomew shakes his skull, not hearing and not understanding. “On Militia? When Dirk attacked? The last time I saw you, Starra, I had personally escorted you to your castle. You were bandaged from head to toe with cloths from your injuries after the ram attack. How did you get on Militia?”
I try to explain. “I repeat, again, BA. I was kidnapped by Dirk from Commerce, then placed on Bio and escaped to Resort. I was injured, weak, and scare from my solo experience. Rann was there and saved my life, Your Majesty. Does Rann’s courage not count for anything to you? Does my life not mean anything to you, Bartholomew?” I growl like a wounded animal in bass flute and wait for…1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds.
Ivy’s dead. Rann’s useless. I’m mad. Bartholomew needs some solo time to absorb all this new data, this collected information, and this galactic mess in his universe for his action plan of War with Dirk. I sigh with doom.
I swiftly stand then body spin gracefully towards the double archway, walking and yelling. “I’m building you an army of Teles, Bartholomew to fight the real enemy of the universe, Emperor Dirk.” Rann stands and pivots towards the archway in silence catching up with my boot steps. I wand a T-zap waving my single hand side to side and violently slam the double doors against the wall with twin booms. The Royal Honor Guard move out of my flaming fury.
Rann chuckles into my left eardrum. “I’m impressed, Starra.”
“Supposed too!” I joke as we both chuckle.

Starra’s castle. three in afternoon. “Where too, first, General?” Rann slides into the passenger seat of the zipper, teases me with a playfully sexy timbre.
I grin with a toothy smile and josh, eye balling his body up and down. “First, we get you a change of clothes. It appeared to me that you slammed your body into a ram ship attack, hit a bulkhead, and died on medical wing on Militia,” giggling.
Rann chuckles, flexing his rippled biceps within my eyelashes. I smile. He says. “I feel a little stiff from hitting that bulkhead with my healthy body.” I sigh with pleasure.
I can look at Rann, not touch Rann. I have a boyfriend who is not the friendliest guy at the moment, but that can change by tomorrow or the next day. I hope soonest.
I pilot the zipper with my bumpy steering skill upon the second level, where the docking pad is located at the Sahara mansion, after dropping off Rann.
I am here for a single purpose.
I slam open the patio-doors, charging like a raging bull into the kitchen and then suddenly stop, cursing. “Stang!” I see a massive amount of damage that includes the kitchen, being completed destroyed along with all the dishes in piles of tiny pieces of space dust. The appliances are overturned, while the cabinets and drawers are suspended in the air like magic, because they are open and hanging by the wooden staves and bend nails. “The talisman! Snot-hole Dirk is searching for it, too.” I whine like I have stepped my left new boot in cow dookie.
I gallop around the ripped and torn Living-room furniture, Dining-room chairs and table, misplaced dirty sofa cushions, and smashed a glass tea set. I dash upstairs to my private chamber, yelling. “Where is that thing?”
I suddenly halt then nosily gasp for breathe along with fear and fright, seeing. The rolled bed frame on its side like a dead whale, a ripped and shredded bed mattress, an opened chest of drawers, the overturned vanity table, the floored window treatments, I exhale.
I walk to the open closet, gathering my scattered personal items, black shorts, black T-shirt, and black sneakers dumping into my single black bag all from Tele Training on Planet Earth. Then, I sprint into Rosa’s bedroom with same visual picture, as well as, Ann’s bed chamber. I note all her stolen fancy clothes, expensive jewelry, furry capes, pretty hats, diamonds tiaras, high-heeled shoes, beautiful fans, and stupid umbrellas. I sigh with angry.
I swiftly lift my bag which seems heavier than normal then kneecap. I examine the contents, seeing. The diamond tiara twinkles from the overhead sunlight invading the room, tenderly touching the silk gray gown from Rann for Bartholomew’s Royal Coronation Ball in the first alien-timeline. I talked, danced, and entertained by Rann, not Bartholomew, thinking I shouldn’t care about the dress. But, I did accept the lovely generous gift from my best friend, Rann. I sigh with beauty.
“Talisman.” I break my daydream, sitting still upon the floor, crossed-legged pose and talk like an insane person. “I give up. My normal physical five senses are useless then use my unusual four Teles.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
“Cookie jar!” I yell, blinking open my eyelashes with a smile. I placed it there for my secretive safekeeping which worked, because I couldn’t remember. I sigh with happiness.
I leap two-by-two steps, bouncing down upon the first floor, and galloping to kitchen, and spot with my eyeball the undamaged cookie jar tucked inside the wall corner. I jerk it from the wall then inhale deeply for oxygen, tearing lid off.  “Stang!” I gently pull the object, feeling the warm sensations of the lingering mental vibrations. I drop it into my bag, zipping the pouch shut. I swing my body and hop, skip, and jump, kitten-like into the zipper to collect Rann and his new Tele training. I sigh with delight.

Bonita. Tele-training. abandoned warehouse. south. 67ºF. five in afternoon. I leap, T-rex the zipper from the Sahara landing pad upwards straight through the clouds into the stratosphere, popping the three afterburners into a surprisingly series of shock waves flooding the cobble street of Commerce.
Rann reprimands grabbing the arm bar over his right shoulder. “That was a little fast, don’t you think, Starra?”
“I like fast, faster, fastest,” winking at him. “And, the citizens have better get used to it. Dirk is coming the fastest of all. He doesn’t care about after shocks, manicured landscapes, or citizens.”
Rann nods. “I’m beginning to understand your irrational logic.” I whisk us quickly by the Bonita castle overhead taking a direct route towards the abandoned warehouse. Rann studies and eye burns the landscape and asks. “Has the Bonita castle burned?”
“I…guess.” I do not kiss and tell. “I’m flying to an abandoned warehouse in the south part of Bonita to begin your training.”
“I see.” Rann quotes as I smirk with amusement. Bartholomew uses that phrase when he doesn’t like my actions.
I rock side to side the zipper then bumpy the vertical drop down and land really heavy into the dirt creating a bowl of brown tornados with a nosily plop. Rann reads my Tele-mind. “I’ll let you train me as a Tele-warrior as long as I can teach you how to land a ship.”
I nod, giggling and jumping, kitten-like from the hatch, bolting into the unlocked warehouse with sets of broken windows, busted cabinets, and ripped walls.
Rann trails behind me then stops. He parks his folded fists upon his waist band of his trousers. “Not much of a training base…”
I stroll to the cabinet and drop my bag on the floor. “I need space, not beauty to accomplish our goal.”
Rann follows me, dropping his gold bag next to mine,. “I’ll have to remember that one. Is that an old Earth expression as well?”
I smile and shake my curls. “Made it up! This training program’s going to be impromptu until the end.”
“The end! The end of what, Starra?” Rann asks.
“The end of the War!” I guess.
“I see.” Rann quotes, since he and Bartholomew think alike. No wonder, they’re good friends…naw…were good friends. Rann and Bartholomew aren’t friends, anymore.
Rann did not cause Ivy’s death. I did not cause her death or the hatred between good friends or the War. This is Dirk and Rita’s idea of friendship. I sigh with doom.
“Watch this trick.” I T-zap with Telekinesis, waving my hands over my skull, opening like magic the roof top sky panel as sunlight beams upon the dirty floor. I lift the dead zipper from the wide floor, levitating it vertically through the above sky panel and then flying it over the roof top and landing it outside on the brown dirt.
Rann trots to the broken window, staring studiously at the parked zipper. I do a better star ship parking with my Telekinesis than using the conventional landing gear. I giggle with a girly twang.
I repeat my Telekinesis procedure for both the carrier and passenger ships inside the big warehouse, before extracting two of the benches from the passenger cabin for our resting furniture. Then, I clap the pretend dirt off my hands, smiling. “I have a training base.”
“Complete with sleeping cots, I’d gather.” Rann finger points at the cotton-draped benches. I nod. He claps appearing a little nervous and asks. “What is the first step for creating a Tele army?” I unzip my bag, lifting the talisman into the air for viewing. Rann wrinkles his forehead, ugly and warns. “The Book states that a person receives an ability or death.” He pauses for handsomeness, standing like a good recruit. “I am ready.” I finger the soft bench.
Rann quietly lays his body upon the white cloth, folding his hands over his chest and closes his eyelids.
My Tele-senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.

I flash past, mentally into the first alien-timeline when Rosa opened her palm holding the golden talisman. Then, I grabbed it and remembered seeing, feeling, hearing, smelling, and tasting vivid sensations beyond my five normal physical senses. Her Tele-powers transferred into, onto, around, under, and over me. She termed the “transference process,” meaning to carry, remove or shift your talents from one person, position, or place to another person, position or place. I flash present, mentally when I find Rosa, dead. I touch the talisman and then receive another shift of her Tele-energy, again.

I conclude the final dangerous outcome of the transference process: it kills ya in the end. Rosa is dead. I am alive. I sigh with scary.
Based on my past, current, and future facts, the talisman shifts the power from one Person to another Person, while sucking the “Shifter” (that’s me) dry of the “Shifee” (that’s dead Rosa) of his or her Tele-power. If I touch the Person’s forehead with the talisman, then Rann receives all my T-powers. I die. I sigh with alarm. 
I examine with both my mind and eyeballs, the golden talisman. It appears round, light weight, and contains two tiny holes that are drilled on the top and bottom of the diameter. The puncture marks can attach to something like a single strand of cord to the object. I shout across room, searching the cabinets with loud sounds. “Rann, do you see any cord over there?” I swing my curls to Rann as he luxuriously lounges upon the cot, sleeping quietly. I dance around the cabinets looking for a piece of thin cord, calling. “See any cord, anywhere?”
I hear with my Tele eardrums shallow breathing, and conclude that he’s resting. Rann had endured too much fun lately with the rescue of a lady, the battle on a station, the smack of a bulkhead, the healing of a Tele, the death of a wife, the finale of a friendship, and, now, the training of a warrior.
I nosily slam another kitchen cabinet, then inhale and exhale. I sigh with frustration.
“Will this due?” Rann rolls onto his side, chuckling with adventure. I elegantly prance then viciously pop his right bicep with my right hand for his pretending nap like a Purr-kitten. He pretends to be wounded. “Ouch! That hurt, Lady Starra.” He rubs the bicep, grinning.
I tie and secure the leather strip on both tiny holes located at the ends of the talisman, lifting it into the air like a stable and steady rock. I smile. “You get to be my first pretty victim, Rann.”
Rann re-positions his body on back muscles, staring at me and screwing his eyebrows, ugly. “I don’t like that term, victim, Lady Starra,” closing his eyelids and resting the arms over his chest.
“How about my first…student?” I tease. “Could the baby be a tiny bit scared?”
“Starra, you are scary.” Rann chuckles.
 I press his skull to pillow with my left palm and then circle the talisman over his closed eyelids, sitting gently the object on his forehead. I wait for…1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds. 4 seconds. 5 seconds. 6 seconds. 7 seconds. 8 seconds. 9 seconds. 10 seconds.
I swiftly jerk the talisman from his forehead with my right hand holding the object in the air then lean into his face and sweet breathe. “Rann, done!” I lean closer to his soft lips and whisper softly. “Rann!?” I toot with a piccolo soprano. “Rann?” He continues to slumber peacefully. I mumble. “Dang! He’s dead.”
I press five finger pads of my left hand over his heart, feeling his chest muscles move up and down in a regular pattern, hearing his strong heart beat, touching his pulse throb with the rhythm of blood flow in and out of his pumping heart. I see his eyelids sweep swiftly side to side in REM sleep state. The transference process has slipped Rann into a pre-make comatose state, observing with one of the many Sickness patients. I swiftly stand, jumping my boots sideways, waving my free arm silly. I mouth silently: yes.

Day 37. calm day. 67ºF. nine in morning. The warm breathe tenderly attacks my left eardrum with a sweet whisper. “Good morning, Starra!”
I slowly flip flop my body to the side as drool follows my face and lips then blink my eyelashes once, twice then thrice on the presence. I see a bright smile and dancing eyeballs. I slightly recall within my sleepy brain cells the escape, the raid, the rescue, the chat, the talisman, the transference, the sleep.
I bolt upright too fast as my made-shift cot fling to the right side of the floor. I flank to the left side then T-flair with Telekinesis, quickly catching my falling body and replace the cot upright. I eye burn a dashing Rann who looks refreshed, glowing with a faint white light. I sigh with magic.
Rann squats on his kneecaps at my cot, smiling and whispering softly. “I sense something, Starra.” I smile with intrigue and nod, standing from the cot then shuffle to dress in my black shorts and top. I view Rann in his golden-tinted shorts, T-shirt, and hiking boots. Nice legs! Rann bubbles with excitement. “Hurry up, Starra! Do I? Do you think…I possess…a Tele power?”
I dance into the bathroom, changing my jumpsuit into the black shorts and top then emerge. I rudely finger point at the bench which serves as bed and sofa. Rann watches me when we sit, smiling. I say. “There are four types of Tele….”
I feel two warm finger pads sweep across my naked mid-drift as I giggle with a girly twang while Rann smiles and chuckles with a devilish grunt. “Are you trying to impress, Starra? Because, it’s most definitely working.”
I chin whip my face, seeing that the black top has been ripped even with my ninth rib down to the waistband of my shorts, stopping and admiring my exposed rib cage then jerk my face, seeing. Rann is admiring my exposed rib cage.
“Stang!” I curse softly, pulling the loose rugged ends tying a lope-sided knot over my skin as Rann grunts like a wounded animal. I start at the beginning. “Eyeballs here, Rann. The four types of Tele powers are Telemetabolics. The ability to heal the physical body of you, a friend, an animal or in this case, even an enemy.” I giggle with a girly twang.
Rann wrinkles his forehead, ugly, shaking his skull. “You expect me to heal thy enemy than I’ll fail as a student of Telemetabolics.”
I nod and giggle. “I created a monster.” I scan with eyeballs the drawers and cabinets inside the kitchenette and then use a T-flair with Telekinesis, waving my right hand side to side. It floats across the empty room into my right hand, a steak knife. I slice my right hand using the steak knife across the top of my left forearm, painfully, ya’ll. One inches of red blood trickles upon my arm, on the cot, and over the floor. I order. “Place your palm over bleeding me.” Rann obeys faithfully as I command. “Think, heal inside your mind! Close your eyeballs! Breathe in, breathe out, relax, calm, concentrate, and focus your thoughts on healing my cut. See the arm. Feel the arm. Heal the arm.” Rann shuts his eyelids, then silently inhales and slowly exhales, breathing with a steady pace. I watch and wait for…1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds. 4 seconds. 5 seconds.
I feel faint, lifting gently Rann’s arm as he awakes with eyelids. I press my right healing hand to my bleeding wound with a T-zap of Telemetabolics which concatenates my blood vessels completely as the skin ripples into place like new growth. I smile removing my right hand from my arm, showing no marks, no scars, and no more cut.
Rann caresses my new skin that show light traces of dried blood. “I’m impressed, Starra with the Tele-power of Telemetabolics that you called the healing touch.” He tenderly rubs my healed wound, nodding.
I say. “I can heal anyone, including the enemy,” giggling. Rann grins still caressing the new skin then I say. “Another Tele-ability is called Teleclairvoyance, which is the Tele-power to see with future events that includes places, persons, and…other stuff.” I scan the room pondering how to demo future seeing.
Rann still touches my wounded arm. “See into the future? How in the universe can anyone citizen know what’s going to happen next week, tomorrow, or within the hour? I don’t believe this Tele-ability is possible, Starra. I believe in healing someone. You demonstrated that fact but to see the future. I question truthfully the application of this Tele talent.” He looks at my arm, rubbing it gently.
I nod and finger the hanging comlen in the wall corner above the set of black cabinets. I say. “Comlens capture any and all events, sometimes, during the online action throughout the planets. Agree?” Rann nods as I say. “I will predict, the next event, before your eyeballs visually seeing the live performance on the comlen. Look over there at it against the wall as a demonstration of the Tele-power of Teleclairvoyance.” I T-zap with Telekinesis, waving my right hand and clicking quickly the single black mechanical button.
We both hear and see the  Nbot or news robot reporting a current news event, while I decrease the sound volume switch to zero.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I Tele-view using my awesome Teleclairvoyance (future event) numerous Nbots floating around the ships, citizens, and King Bartholomew. Bartholomew is smiling and happy about his daily update of the on-going Royal events around the galaxy, discerning another boring day in galaxy.
Wait!
I Tele-see Bartholomew’s smile with a deep dark secret then I T-scan his open active mind with Telepathy. I scream. “No!” I drop from the cot upon my kneecaps hard on the tile, whispering. “Too late!” Rann plops beside me hugging my shoulders to his chest as I narrate, vocally. “The other Militia space station on this side of the Wall will…has exploded killing thousands…,”  sobbing with wet tears. I T-flair with Telekinesis, increasing the volume control button on the comlen to the highest setting.
Nbot drones. “News alert! This is a news alert! The space station of Militia has exploded. The station used to house thousands of pilots, their family members plus the new in-training sky and land personnel. Included in the death list is the visiting friends and families for the opening festival of the new Training Base for the King’s newly formed unit, Sky Troops. This tragedy happened, three seconds ago. I will repeat. News alert!” I decrease the volume button on the comlen.
Rann hugs me tightly in a teddy bear embrace while we watch the screen with the colorful explosion repeat over and over, again. I sigh with sorrow.
Rann whispers into my right eardrum. “I believe you, Starra.” He pauses for thought. “Visions of the future!” He pulls me from his chest and sees wet tears flood down my red swollen face. He nods. “You saw the space station explode, before it…this telecast. I can see on the comlen the fires, more violent explosions, and the dead bodies.” He tenderly cuddles me into his chest as I sob and cry with pain and memory. He watches the silent screen, whispering softly into my right eardrum. “We…you don’t have to continue my training.”
I T-feel with Telemetabolics Bartholomew’s crude intend against his own citizens.

I flash past, mentally, one-hour, ago. I Tele-see Empress Rita. She controls every bot, every comlen, and every piece of equipment of her metal and earth property, leaving intentional a set of suicidal bots within the hidden compartments throughout space station-Militia. I flash present, mentally. I Tele-see Bartholomew. He is filled with hatred and angry for his sister’s death.

I sob the words between my wet tears. “Bartholomew is going to get every citizen in galaxy killed or worse enslaved into Dirk and Rita’s empire.” I wipe the tears with ten finger pads from both my wet cheeks then fake a smile. I chin whip and sweet breathing into Rann’s face. “We have to build the Tele-warriors, So, we are working on your Teleclairvoyance. I’ll be right back.” Rann helps me stand.
I slowly swing towards the front door while drying my face with the bottom of my T-shirt. I quickly dart out the front door into the hot sunshine, finding a wonderful test for Rann’s Tele exam, scanning the grounds for a test specimen. I sigh with surprise.
Ann and Rosa’s untimely deaths had freed Bonita of the three-way bonded Tele-connection while draining the planet’s natural resources. Bonita had continuously fought back while spreading the invading toxic poisons throughout Ann and Rosa’s biological bodies the eventually killed, permanently. 
Now, Bonita leaps into spring time bringing young life back again upon woodlands. I sigh with happiness.
I view the new grass greenletts, tiny green bushes, new green tree buds, and several forms of baby wild life on the dark brown fertile ground between the green trees, and blue skies, feeling happily the life growing on the branch limb.
I grab life, carrying the precious item with great caution and awesome care into the warehouse. I park my body on the opposite cot and present to Rann. I order. “Please, cup your hands.”
Rann doesn’t order but observes my gift, singing in baritone trombone. “An egg?” I giggle, being very careful not to sway or swing with my new friend into seasickness.
I smile. “Good eye sight, Rann! I believe you used your normal sense of sight for that observance, now, demonstrate the Tele-power of Teleclairvoyance.” He screws his eyebrows, cute-like as I clarify. “Teleclairvoyance is a vision of future events. This egg is going to hatch in a few seconds with a new baby creature. I want you to tell me what kind of animal. Once it hatches we can verify your imagery picture result.” I giggle.
Rann tenderly accepts the egg, covering with his right five finger pads over the top, closing his eyelids. He concentrates on the tiny mammal. I watch and wait for…1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds. 4 seconds. 5 seconds.
The egg shell starts to crack in small spider lines as I hear the noise and see the lines inside Rann’s hands. The baby pushes hardy the top shell from its skull. I name for Rann, “A blue bird.” Then, the baby bird quickly pops its skull up and squawks in baby bird language for its Mama to feed him. I whip the baby from Rann’s hands, racing out the door and levitate the baby into the bird’s nest as Mama-birdie comes flying for a look-see. I sigh with life.
I trot towards the front door, clapping my hands nosily, informing and smiling. “The next Tele-power is called Telepathy.” I sit in the cot across from Rann as he appears bland and numb. I touch his arm. “I’m going to think of something.” I narrow my eyelashes and instruct. “You read my mind. Close our eyes! Breathe in, breathe out, relax, calm, concentrate, and focus your thoughts on….pretty me…” Rann smiles and nods as I say. “See me. Feel me. Read me,” giggling.
I connect, link, and Tele to him. 4,398,123.
Rann blinks his eyelids open, staring beyond me.
He connects, links, and Teles to me. 4,389,123.
Then, he shouts with his baritone voice the exact math number into my eardrums and up to the rafters with excitement. “4,398,123.”
I raise both my arms straight towards the heavens with a big smile and rebel yell. “Boo-wah! You got it. You can read minds.”
Rann narrows his eyelids, repeating badly. “Boo…what? Boo on you? What’s that mean, Starra?”
I part my pink-painted lips. “Boo…boo...bonus for you.” I swiftly stand, facing the front door while clapping my hands to distract Rann from my silly rebel yell, covering my obvious Earth expression. I nod. “You can read minds, Rann. Awesome for you and me,” swinging back around, seeing.
Rann poses with a serious face and purses his lips, ugly. “I can read anyone’s mind. Does that mean I can read un-Telepathic minds, as well?”
I giggle with his weirdo logic, sitting back on my cot. “Yes! You can read both Telepathic and non-Telepathic minds. A most wondrous gift to possess, Rann, congratulations!”
Rann swiftly stands, smiling and bouncing around the cot and me. “Think of something else, so I can read your mind, Starra.” I close my eyelashes, sitting quietly on the cot.
I connect, link, and Tele to Rann. The King is loco. 
Rann cries out loud after reading the sentence from my mind probe into his active brain cells. “The King is loco. You were thinking the simple statement. Then, I picked up right out of your mind. Incredible!” He fingers his skull and repeats with a bright smile. “The King is loco.” He excites. “I can hear the words, very clear and very concise inside my mind. Unbelievable!” He grins with a toothy smile then suddenly twists his lips, ugly and reprimands with a curt tone. “Starra, that statement isn’t a nice comment to make about your boyfriend.”
I giggle, being a naughty but nice friend to him. “Rann, the Book states that a person might exhibit one or two Tele-gifts.”

I flash past, mentally into the first alien-timeline, when Rann did indeed possess both his Telepathy and Telekinesis.

I nod. “I used my ability of Telekinesis to float the zipper up and outside,” grinning. “Try it yourself…,” chuckling. “Just for fun.” I sigh with amusement.
Rann glances with his eyeballs at the bench which is two feet from him that holds me. He suddenly and magically levitates it with his own T-flair both me and the bench into the air. I part my pink-painted lips while Rann chuckles. He gently replaces both of us onto the tile floor with a soft thud.

Day 38. warehouse. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. 66°F. morning. “The terrain is so different from the desert. The green fields are beautiful.” Rann comments with a lovely statement, viewing out the broken windows. He sees the pretty fields of wildflowers and greenery as I move beside Rann. I enjoy the picture containing rows and rows of green high to your ankle grass in the warehouse yard, along the driveway, in the hiking path, on the tall hills and as far as the eyeballs can see towards the landscape.

I flash past, mentally into the first alien-timeline, when the window only showed barren dry hills and brown pastures of an abandoned dead world.

I understand the planet is growing and prospering ,very fast with new life. I smile viewing the floor, pondering. Bonita has re-generated, herself. 
The new world could have given new life for the hopeful but dying Earthlings. They could have survived here and lived out their bio-shells, including millions of men, women, and children along with my family of Ming and Maritza, who needed a new home, before the predictable implosion. I sigh with sadness.
Rann tenderly touches my right shoulder, screwing his eyebrows, cute-like, using T-probe with his open thoughts and feelings observing the land, sky, and planet with a big smile. “I can feel everything…the birds, the insects, the plants and the swaying of the high grassy weeds.”
I nod, feeling his excitement and my sadness which I hide from my new Tele-student, being the old pro of T-powers. “You passed with flying colors, Rann.”
“You’re a very talented girl, Starra.” Rann says, staring out the window.
“Fine! Read my talented mind, prince?” I order with a smirk.
Rann swings my body to face him and sings in baritone trombone music. “Masers?” I nod then he frowns. “I’m going to test my powers with masers.”
“Yes.” I sing in flute music, smiling and nodding.
He T-probes my open mind. “Live shots?”
I grin with a wicked smile, tapping his left cheekbone with my right finger nail. “Yes! At you, sweetheart!”

One hour, later. The meadow. I sit all objects on the grass. A large rock boulder…(yeah, the mountains, baby)….a pilot’s chair from the carrier-ship. I will put back inside the cockpit. A sleeping cot along with the chest of medical supplies stands beside the kitchenette stove top oven. And, finally a dead zipper ship floats in live action from the soft brown soil into the air waves, last in the ducking row by me. I command. “Raise.” Rann does not do, yet. I command, again. “Raise!” Rann stands parallel to the duckling line-up of equipment items then exhales while pondering the equipment. I’m a great awesome mind reader, nodding. “Yes! I’m using the kitchenette oven which doesn’t work within our…I mean…your Tele-exercises.” I clap my hands for attention back to me, since I’m the pro and Rann’s the newbie. I sing in piccolo music. “Raise…each…,” when Rann finger points at the large zipper. I nod and remark. “I wanted to use the refrigerator, but the food would spoil, Rann. Lookie! I don’t wanna hear no more questions, comments, opinions, or finger points.” Rann grins with a silly smile, shaking his skull. I command, finger pointing at each object. “Good! Can you…my new novice student…try as bestest as you canniest…levitate each object to your maximumness…”
Rann says, without smiling and stares at the lazy equipment. “That’s not a word, Starra at least, not a Bonita word,” chuckling. “Is it alien by chance?”
I ignore the touchy reference, folding my biceps over my chest, “…by your maximumness breakiest tolerance baby blue sky high point, within your Tele powers?” I watch and wait.
Rann narrows his eyelids, concentrating his eyeballs on the object, then lifts…freaky everything all at once like shuffling a deck of 52 cards in the annual high stakes Conqueror Game, before my eyelashes. I part my lips wide like a dying fish, narrowing my eyelashes and stare fire balls into Rann’s face. He chuckles with both his and my amusement.  I sigh with annoyance.
He lowers the objects, nicely.
I pirouette. Girls pirouette. Boys pivot. I gracefully pirouette to the long table. I had designed, yesterday, during Rann’s catnap from his Tele-exercises, today.
I violently fling the pretty white cloth from the table surface, without disturbing the deadly weapons of mass destruction, which is a non-magic trick ya’ll. Then, I pirouette for a second time my body towards the growing green pastures, and rudely finger point at the third rows holding four target dummies. The dummies stuffs with lots of yellow weeds, tons of green grass, and the dead bugs covering the worn white linen. They are strategically situated at equal long distances from harming me. I sigh with importance.
I swing my curls and command to Rann. “I’s gots a complete set of sharp pretty golden daggers, beautifully hand-crafted jeweled sabers, and finally the four-some deadly masers, all colors of red, blue, and white. Oops! Wrong colors! I mean red, blue, green, and yellow.” I order. “Toss the first table of weapons at the first set of dummies, then repeat that procedure, until all the weapons are gone from each tables, and all the dummies are burned. Don’t worry! I’ll stop the fires before the planet burns up.” I giggle standing beautifully in the blasting sunlight and, tanning my pale skin into a golden brown tone. Rann views the weapons, then views the dummies, then returns his eyelids to the weapon tables, then looks at the dummies. Then, he stares his eyeballs and smiles at me. I frown. “Make it quick, Rann! I’m hungry.” I sigh with annoyance.
Rann chuckles. “Make…it…quick. You want to eat. You are always eating, Starra. It’s a wonder that you’re not as plump as Ira.” He chuckles while targeting the set of yellow stuffed dummies with his brown eyeballs. I sigh with embarrassment. 
Rann waves his right hand side to side for me to back up my beautiful bod from the pitching range. I pace backwards into the dark shadows under the front porch. Then, Rann motions with his right hand side to side for me to move further away from the weapons. I step back deeper into the wooden hitting my shoulder blades against rotten door as wood falls down my back and on my legs then my sneakers, before it reaches the wet wood. I sigh with impatience.
I yell. “What’da ya doing measuring a set of table cloths for a tea party? Just throw the dang weapons, Rann.” He obeys faithfully.
Like magic, all the weapons lift and sail into the air waves, then strike, punch, kick, and fire deadly beams of metal blades and maser waves at target dummies, all at the same time. The dummies impale with stabbing hilts of golden daggers and silver swords, while red, blue, green, and yellow masers pound like fourth of July fireworks as the yellow and green weeds flame into brilliant high towering fiery fire below the baby blue skies.
“Stang!” I sing in piccolo music, staring at the awesome exhibition while Rann eye burns me.
He reprimands in his sexy baritone trombone. “Starra, I asked you, not to use that word.”
“O!” I mouth silently the letter then blush in a pinky tone and sing in a Southern twang. “Why?”
Rann says, staring at his homework assignment which receive an A-plus-plus. “The meaning is not suitable to be told to a lady and a lady should not ask to be told. Therefore, please, discontinue using that word.”
“Fine, Rann,” chin whipping my face into my T-shirt and then switch mentally to happy thoughts. “Your performance’s outstanding, remarkable, astonishing, incredible, amazing….and beyond belief.” I smile and wink at him. I sigh with pride.
Rann poses his right arm for my escort as I grab it and pull him close into my face. We both smile and giggle. He says. “I suggest lunch. I’ve worked up a great big appetite, milady.” We chuckles attacking the kitchenette for plates and food.

Kitchette. Table. Rann says as I dive into the delicious chicken sandwiches from Agri. “I think we should begin with a small group, maybe, twenty citizens, Starra.” I eat with lips nosily and nod my skull silently. He says. “I would like to invite Ty and some of my more loyal staff members from Sahara. Is that all right with you, Starra?” I eat with lips nosily and nod my skull silently. He says. “Some of the personnel are former inmates of the prison. I hope you don’t mind, Starra.” I shake my curls and mouth full of food, sideways.

I flash past, mentally in the first alien-timeline when I was the traitor and jailed inside Rex’s palace prison tower like an alien princess from Planet Earth.

I eat while Rann says. “We’re building a secret army of Teles. I believe the first rule of secrecy is not betraying your folks…”
“Alien word…,” chewing and giggling.
Rann nods. “Dirk will deduct that our Warriors possess one of the many talents of Tele-abilities. We shouldn’t identify our warrior by a name of the true talent. We should use code names.” I eat with lips nosily and nod my skull silently. He says. “For example, a Telepath could be called, a tracker. A Telekinesis person should be called, a mover. Seer, a citizen with the T-powers of Teleclairvoyance, and a healer for the powers of Telemetabolics.” Rann screws his eyebrows, cute-like and stares at me, asking. “Are you listening to me, Starra?” I nod my skull silently then swallow the good lump of food down my esophagus. He says. “If I understand your crude and barbaric Tele-training lessons, there aren’t any more training activities for me that might include throwing rocks, lifting ships or swaying maser rays. Am I correct, Starra?” I eat with lips nosily and nod my skull silently. He says. “Then, I am and must be ready to face the challenge of training Tele-warriors. After all, I was in charge of any entire planet of prisoners. So, I’ll start processing the twenty candidates for our new Tele-program.” He swiftly stands as I slowly stand. He extend his hand for some dang reason when I extend my right hand dripping with white mayo from the delicious chicken sandwich. Rann studiously stares at my contaminated hand.
I quickly wipe the mayo upon my T-shirt trying to talk, but burp loudly, turning strawberry red in color on my face. I smile. “Congratulations, Rann.” I push my hand towards Rann as he gingerly touches my two clean finger pads. I T-feel admiration, lust, desire…(whoa, baby)…then cut my Tele-link. I nod. “I certify you as the first graduated trainee of my Tele Training Program. You’re a fully pledged Tele-warrior like me.” I giggle. “You enlist the new candidates. I’ll meet with Bartholomew and update him on our progress and your accomplishments.”
Rann wipes his hand upon a clean cloth, smirking. “Do you want me to join you for that visit with Bartholomew? The last encounter wasn’t very pleasant…”
I shake my curls, cleaning both my hands and face with the streaming cloths removing the chicken parts and mayo. “Bartholomew is much more mellower for seeing me…us. He needs my…our program to work. He needs my…our Tele-warriors to fight against Dirk’s Tele-army. Even thou, he doesn’t really understand their new role in his kingdom, being too stubborn and too blind to see what the future holds. I can’t change his values, only his method to accomplishing peace, foreverly in the…our universe. I seek his acceptance of my…our program.” I sigh with doubtfulness.
“Acceptance is easier than understanding.” Rann says carefully.
I wink at him. “I…also want something from you, Rann.” Rann raises his eyebrow, left as I say. “I…want…your…currs.” I pause for beauty then continue. “No one has got currs to purchase nothing, especially money-spending Bartholomew. Unless, you had lost all your currs when Dirk attacked Sahara. I didn’t mean to pry into your financial life...”
Rann tenderly pats my hand with a great big smile and winks. “Starra, I have got currs hidden where even a set of talented Telepaths cannot find them.”
I clap my hands together, making a soft sound. “That’s the answer I’m seeking. We need to build a new indoor and outdoor exercise facility, a weapons center, lots of living quarters, a library, a mess hall, a medical ward, a church, a renovated administration building, four landing pads for the new ships…”
“Breathe, Starra.” Rann chuckles. “I may be a new Tele-warrior, but I’m an old diplomat. I’ll begin the requisition, development, and construction of our…your new facilities for the Tele Training Base immediately, milady.” He bows at his waist with respect.
We dash out the door into my zipper. I sigh with gleefulness.

Commerce. Bartholomew’s castle. rain clouds. cool evening. five in afternoon. My zipper taps like performing in a child dance recital which is hard and loud upon the Bonita landing bay. I wrinkle my forehead, ugly instead of twisting my lips since I don’t want to get my tongue bitten by gritting toothies. I say. “See! I fly good, sometimes. I make you seasick with my landings. Don’t I, Rann?” I smile and flirt with Rann.
“Your landings, your takeoffs, your light speed, your turns, your…,” frowns Rann.
“I get it,” frustrating….way to easy.
“Teaching you to fly is the next task on my long list.” Rann un-belts the webbing of his passenger seat and instructs. “I’m taking the extra air ship located inside Rosa’s garage to Sahara. I hope I have a castle based on the latest news data, since Ira might have already acquired my property, as well.” I grunt low like a dying animal as Rann views me, raising his eyebrow, left then says. “Starra, I realize you aren’t used to taking orders and giving up possessions. We are going to War with Dirk. And, citizens had died. Citizens are dying. Citizens will die. Bartholomew has to protect his citizens. Everyone has to help and sacrifice, including you and me. I accept the fact that BA needs my home for another military base installation. I’ll let him take it. I’m going to requisition the bots for constructing our new facilities at our new Base. The new buildings will be finished in about two weeks. I’ll live there, until the War is over. I’m able to adapt to change. Change is good. Change is necessary. And change is coming. I can’t stop it. I’ll sacrifice for the universe, the planets, the king, and the cause.” I listen and stare at Rann for…1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds. He says. “I’ll fly my zipper from Sahara and meet you, this evening on Bonita. Good luck with Bartholomew! Call me, if you need help! And, do not? I repeat, Starra. Do not use your Tele-powers on BA! ” He gently grabs my right dirty hand, tenderly kissing my five knuckles…way too long. Then, he exits the hatch and then bends at the waist, bowing and smiling sweetly at me. 
I sit inside the zipper and mentally stalking Rann, using a T-probe of Telepathy towards the garage inside my castle. I hear with my Tele-ears, the silent engine roar of the air ship. Rann likes to lecture….way too much, just like dead Rosa and deader Peter. More words, no actions. I’m an action girl. I don’t like listening to words, especially words of sacrifice, possessions, acceptance, and change. I sigh with modification.
I’m not from here, being a teen alien from Earth. Native Rann cannot fathom the depth of my lost and sacrifices of everything. I lost everything. I change everything. I accept everything. I, too, have no choice, either. I have ran out of options, alternatives, and choices which translates into living here, foreverly. I sigh with permanence.
My alien Free Will plus my awesome Tele-abilities running rampage in this universe is very highly tempting, if I act like crazy Dirk.
Instead, I like to emulate noble Rann. He has lost…everything…his wife, his castle, his planet, his friend, and his best buddy, but is willing to sacrifice for the universe, the planets, the king, and the cause. Survival is the cause in a chaotic universe. Once upon a time, this was a perfect universe, before me. I sigh with causation.

Bartholomew’s throne room. I stroll in my thigh-high boots towards the paired Royal Honor Guard unit, noting prettily their new attire, a solid white jacket and pants uniform with a single purple sash around their waist, instead of a pressed and ironed navy blue fabric from the first alien-timeline. I T-probe with Telepathy around the Royal castle, seeing. White uniforms of both children and soldiers along with an issued maser weapon from Bartholomew’s War demands for every citizen, but me. Things never change.
I fake a smile with gritted toothies at the Guard on the right. “Greetings, ya’ll! I’m Lady Starra. I desire an appointment with King Bartholomew, today, if possible…” adding the last word for my new diplomatic tact. I practice today, standing beautifully in my new gray and diamond sparkling outfit from Rann.
“Lady Starra, you can see the king at six in the evening,” the Female Guard with her ugly buck teeth and her nasty crooked nose says in her royal arrogance at my nice request. I view the comlen on wall, reading five in evening. I sigh with annoyance.
I connect, link, and Tele to Bartholomew. Come outside. 
I bow slightly at my waist while wasting time. I slowly back step my right boot then my left boot, then grunt like a dying animal, because Bartholomew snail-like walks to his royal office door. I hear with my Tele-hearing the footfalls from the throne chair, marching upon the clean carpet. I stand upright and grin….way too brightly.
The throne room side door slams open and presents Bartholomew. He frowns. “Did someone…” seeing beauty me. “Starra, you’re here. Come in. Please, come in.” He painfully grabs my right forearm, shoving me violently into the throne room, closing the door, and walking to his desk. I suddenly stop and sneer like a junk yard dog.
“Commander Starra, it’s about time you reported to your superior officer with your current activities.” Ira growls like a grumpy grandpa with fourteen grandchildren blocking his  television set inside the crowded Den. He asks while wrinkling his forehead, ugly. “How many Tele-warriors have your trained for our troops to fight against Dirk and his nasty clan?”
“Commander…,” singing in bass flute.

I flash past, mentally in first alien-timeline when I was Commander, also.

Ira sniffs his nostrils from allergies. I sing in piccolo music with a proud smile. “One.”
“Come, come Commander…,” Ira growls in an un-friendly grizzle bear-like sound.
“Dismissed, General.” Bartholomew orders as Ira stands and bows then pivots soldierly, exiting out a secret side door inside the throne room. Bartholomew smothers affectionately me, hugging closetly my body and lightly pecks my pink-painted cheekbone. He cuddles me into Ira’s chair. I sit then he announces. “Starra, I’m so glad to see you. You look absolutely fabulous.” He fakes his smooth relaxation with a thick band of intense worry. His military raids had been totally unsuccessful and was seriously affecting his future, his universe, his citizens with me somewhere in-between all these mentally heavy thoughts. I sigh with loneliness.
I nod. “Bartholomew, I want to apology for my bad behavior, the last time, I was here. I was disrespectful to you as the king of the universe and my boyfriend.” I toss that concept of girlfriend and boyfriend into the ring of fire for our immediate discussion, debate or dispute. We are all going into War, soonest via my annoyingly but accurate T-powers. I love and admire Bartholomew. So, I will change my universe, my planets, my citizens, my friends, my king, and my boyfriend to accommodate his will and desire. I smile. “My new Tele-army consists of one person, two, if you count me,” giggling into the dead flat face of Bartholomew. I look for acceptance, not understanding. I nod. “I have trained Rann as my first student…”
“Rann?” Bartholomew swiftly stands from the desk chair, and yells at me. “You picked Rann to train as a Tele-warrior. I don’t understand your logic, Starra. Why Rann? He’s…,” shaking his skull side to side like a raging bull about to attack the dish store, “…a noble, a diplomat, an entrepreneur, a leader, and a prince.” He chuckles with his personal amusement then re-seats. “I’m quite surprised he passed the physical training course. Rann’s too old to play warrior, Starra.”
I frown, knowing all that and more. Rann is richest man in universe. And, I sorta follow all your kingly edicts, laws, and proclamations for changing the universe into your personal empire. Currs gets you there, quickly.
Bartholomew’s private bank account is running dry more quickly than normal with the upcoming War eating away his monetary reserves fast, faster, and fastest from his dark green cloth-lined pockets than can be generated. The citizens are unemployed, scared, dangerous, and the reason for his kingly new created military. He has to employ, feed, and house whining kids like potty training toddlers. I sigh with secret.
“Rann is the perfect candidate, BA.” I slap back nicely, grinning with a smooth smirk, crossing my legs in my new leather thigh-high boots. “He is all these titles that you have mentioned plus more. Rann is also a perfect marksman, a practical martial arts expert, an animal hunter, a powerful weigh lifter along with his high IQ intellect, and mostest of all…a gentleman of the universe.” Bartholomew views the small gray mice in the corner wall, snorting. I say with calmness, not fury. “Rann is the perfect warrior for the populous to admire and respect. He is the perfect Tele-warrior and a role model for all candidates to inspire too.” 
Bartholomew realizes that Rann has his own unique strengths which Bartholomew uses and abuses them to gain Rann’s assets, without within Bartholomew’s royal kingdom. Bartholomew dangerously flounders his assets with the products of disaster and death, within his new empire, his new military, and his new life. I sigh with knowledge.
I smile. “I’m on Bonita in an abandoned warehouse. The structure is the temporary headquarters of my training Base along with living quarters of the new Tele-army for the time being until the new buildings are constructed…”
“New buildings! What new buildings?” Bartholomew shakes his skull. “I don’t have extra currs to spare for your pet project, Starra. You’ll have to use what facilities and resources are available in the War stores. You can check with Ira, since he has a list of all assets of my kingdom. He can assign you to another planet with more empty abandoned and torn old buildings for your training facility and living quarters and such….”
“I’m not moving to another planet, BA. Rann is funding my pet project.”
“I see.” Bartholomew stares at me. He doesn’t care to understand and believe my great contribution and cause unto his little War with Dirk. I sigh with impossible.
“Rann is gathering citizens for more Tele testing and training. I request from you, all the patients from all the hospital wards that are carrying an unexplained disease. It’s called the Sickness.” I order.
Bartholomew swiftly stands, parting his lips and eye burning my freckles with more hot flames. “I know the Sickness disease is here. How do you know that, Starra? I learned about the Sickness patients…yesterday.”
Man! O, man. I am giving away my alien secrets. I hold my breath then release it and dive deep into the hot sands, while drowning. “I am a practicing Tele, too. The Sickness patients are actually the unconscious new Tele-warriors ready for their Tele Training at my new Base. This is how Dirk and Rita have acquired their Tele-army by stealing the coma patients from their hospital beds. They listed them as dead, and then they trained them as their Tele-soldiers, right underneath our…noses. I don’t know how Dirk has been doing this. But, he has been preparing for this upcoming War for a while.”
Bartholomew chin whips his face into his silk dress shirt and the exhales, waving his right hand freely at me. “Very well! You can have those sick patients.” He pauses for my beauty, smiling charmingly. “There have been many changes, here, Starra. I have enlisted all the citizens, including children into a newly formed Military. Citizens have been assigned duties, living quarters, food rations, and bouts of recreational time. You’re one of my trusted officers with the rank of Commander. I’m depending on your cooperation and your respect in my new Military, Starra.” He screws his eyebrows, ugly then digs into my business. “I’ll leave you in charge of the Tele Training Base, but…,” holding his finger, “…if I need you for any special assignments, I expect you to report to my office, immediately. Rann has been assigned rank of General...”
I swiftly stand, shooting my arms and hands into the air and waving like a crazy person, singing in piccolo music. “He outranks…”
Bartholomew forcefully captures my right hand and then tenderly pats my knuckles, without calming my psyche, smiling. “You’re in charge of your little Tele-world, but Rann’s going to lead the Tele-warriors into our battle of the upcoming War. These are my direct orders, Starra. I expect you to follow them. Don’t pout about it, sweetheart. You’re my girlfriend. At the time of War, I want you beside me. That’s your duty.” I sigh with betrayal.
Bartholomew has forgotten to add as the Hostess for the upcoming War with my new duties, sending the engraved golden invitations to the enemy. The invitations state in black bold letters upon white stationary. King Bartholomew is hosting the War of the Century along with his beautiful hostess, Commander Starra.
I nosily gag down the puke green vomit from my esophagus as Bartholomew protects, controls, and limits the mighty alien from Planet Earth. I have overplayed my Conqueror Hand on Tele-warriors. I need to practice to be a more polished, diplomatic, and tactful citizen imitating Rann.
“Stang!” I sing in bass flute, gritting my perfect straight teeth.
Bartholomew asks with a sweet smile. “Did you say something, sweetheart?” I shake my curls as he continues. “I, also, have issued new uniforms for our Military. The packages are located at your castle. I didn’t know what you wanted on your sash, sweetheart.” I know that I still have my castle with my new uniform inside my castle without a sash.

I flash past, mentally into the first alien-timeline when I was so jealous and impatient about a pressed and ironed blue uniform in Rex’s army. Then, I flash present, mentally that I’m being ordered wear it, use it, and employ it by the king…by my boyfriend…by the man that I plan to marry.

The Female Guard interrupts, standing at the archway. “Sire, your meeting with the school administrators started fifteen minutes ago.” Bartholomew stands and presents a simple quick huggie around my body then lightly pecks his lips upon my left cheekbone, grinning. He swings towards the door and the guard.
I stand, alone, in the throne room. I sigh with more loneliness.

Bonita. Tele Base. dark blue sky. no moon. hot night. ten in evening. Rbots or repair robots work under the big fake bright white and yellow flood lights in the middle of green grassy fields while digging and excavating the dirt foundations for the series of new buildings. I turn the knob. Locked.
I giggle use T-flair of Telekinesis, unlocking the dang locked front door, swinging the wood wide. I suddenly halt, scanning with eyeballs on the right then left side of the big room, noting. Three white partition reads, Administration Office, Starra’s office, and Rann’s office. I giggle with delight.
Rann peeks his face, cute-like around the white cloth, grinning with a toothy smile and welcomes in his sexy baritone trombone. “Good evening, Starra.”
“Hi Rann! I like your re-decorating project. You did a nice job.”
He moves from the white cloth and standing front of me, bowing at his waist for…something. He uprights, grinning. “Thank you, Starra. I told you. I know how to run an operation.” Rann smiles, grabs both sides of my collar bone and steers me into his private office and offers. “Have a seat! Chat a while, if you are not too tried?” I tour Rann’s small crammed office that fits with a long white sofa, two white chairs, a table, a bed frame and matching night stand complete with a working lamp and a comfone.
“I’m impressed Rann. I just train Teles for battle. I don’t think I can compete with your accomplishments. You have managed to achieve all in one afternoon. I saw sleeping tents beside the front porch and the Rbots building the new structures for our twenty candidates, our furniture into our pad,” nodding and smiling.
Rann screws his eyebrows, cute-like and sings in his sexy baritone tuba music. “Pad?! Hmm! Yet, another new Earthling term for my brain cells.” I jerk my face to the wall corner hunting for the peaky brown cockroach, then Rann says. “I have performed a couple of simple tasks compared to your single major accomplishment with our king.” He eye burns my body from hair roots to crossed boot ankles, smirking. “I see that you made it home in one piece. No cuts, no bruises, and no broken limbs. I hope the other party faired, as well.”
I shuffle side to side nervously on the sofa, laughing with him then raising my eyebrow, right. “My day was very illuminating, General.”
“You aren’t jealous. Are you, Commander?” Rann asks then quickly T-probes my open Tele mind. I jerk up a fast shooting T-shield while shaking my index finger nail at naughty Rann. He chuckles. I sing in flute music. “No!” I pause for beauty then say. “I’m not jealous. You’re going to lead my warriors into battle. Mad! I am mad.” I bounce up and down in the sofa.
Rann chuckles. “Starra, that day is not here, yet. Circumstances always change. Orders change, too. Don’t get upset over something that has happened, yet? You need to sit down, relax. I purchased food and beverages. Allow me?” He use a T-flair of Telekinesis, waving his right hand side to side, ever so slightly as the pink glass tumbler flies like a blue bird around the white partition. The tumbler parks its sweaty glass into the open palm of my right hand. I smile then nosily sip my beverage. Rann says. “I’ve lifted, floated, elevated, and levitated every object, thing, and item that I can see, feel, taste, and smell…,” smirking, “but, you, Starra, darling…”
Starra, darling!  I smile with Rann. “I updated Bartholomew on our progress on the Tele-army. He was interested but disappointment that I had only one single warrior. He’ll be sending us a set of new recruits all recovered victims with the Sickness for our development, and training starting, this week. He wasn’t pleased that you were my first selection. I cannot believe Bartholomew continues to manifest jealousies of citizens at his age. He acts like a five year old school child. The king was also little irritated about our new base being constructed using your currs.” I shake my gray bangs into my eyeballs then scratch it away with my five finger pads.
Rann says, without a smile. “Starra, BA is worried about a lot of things, including the citizens that he loves and the citizens that he’s obligated to protect. Be patient and be kind! He needs our support and alliance.”
My Tele-senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
I say with a stern tone. “Rann, what’s going on? What am I missing here? I sense…”
The sound knocks then the front door swings open wide.
Rann joyously waves his hand at the visitor. “Ty, come in! Join the club, Major.”
Ty marches around the white partition, asking, without a smile. “Am I disturbing you, Rann? I noticed the ceiling lights were on. I don’t mean to interrupt.” He smiles and swings his face to me. “Lady Starra, nice to see you, again.” He bows at the waist with respect as a noble to a noblette. I sigh with royalty.
I clarify with sadness. “Not a lady, anymore, only a lowly commander, I should be saluting you or something. Is that correct, Major Ty?” I wonder with the proper action with a ranking military officer. Bartholomew didn’t provide any type of Military SOP (standard operating practice).
“Starra, you’ll always be a lady to me.” Ty honors as Rann flies like magic a second glass drinking tumbler in the air waves for the new guest into the Tele Administration Office.
“You have arrived just in time. We’re discussing the king, and his new army.” Rann views Major Ty. Ty views me then stares at General Rann in silent.
I growl like a dying bear, asking. “What’s going on here? Or shall I use my method of extracting information that will not be pleasant to say the least…”
“She doesn’t know.” Ty frowns at Rann.
Rann smiles and nods. “I’m not going to tell her. That’s why I brought you to Bonita, buddy.”
Ty frowns at Rann. “Bartholomew didn’t tell her, either?” Rann shakes his skull.
“Know what?” I pose as Ty nods at Rann. Rann nods in agreement.
Ty says to me. “There have been lots of military events while you and Rann have been away, Starra. King Bartholomew had issued some royal directives that killed thousands of citizens by accident or by mistake.” I cringe as Ty says. “It wasn’t his fault. The citizens are both scared and worried.”
I count me as one of the worried and scared citizens. I nod. “Citizens aren’t scared. It’s the remaining nobles and upper military officers, who are worried and scared of Dirk, not Bartholomew.”
“She catches on quickly.” Rann says, nodding.
“Correct, Starra! Certain nobles can no longer be trusted in the new kingdom. They’re being watched and monitored by citizens that we trust, who have pledged alliance to King Bartholomew and his Royal cause.”
“So what? Spies are always present in Wartime. Not a new concept, citizens chose sides simply for the currs to line their empty pockets. No surprise!” Ty views Rann as I see, taste, feel, and smell the dreadful baddie information. He says. “The division of the kingdom has created spies along with sets of deadly assassins, who work strictly for the profit of making currs.”
I nod. “Spies, assassins, and block aid runners are part of any War scene. They work independently and work hard to get currs for their dirty deeds.” I toss my hands in the air and announce. “I give up, Ty. Are you saying that Bartholomew is a target for assassination? I can protect him. I can leave right this moment and fly to Commerce and guard his private chamber, if I have, too,” swiftly standing, readying my T-shield and T-sword to protect my man from harm. I snort like a wild boar.
“Bartholomew is on a hit list, of course, along with other nobles. But, one name, in particular, is circulating through the comlens and comfones as the main target of assassin.” Ty shifts in the chair.
I sing in flute music. “Who is it?” I drink my beverage.
Rann sings in baritone trombone music. “You.”
I laugh with a girly tone, noting that Rann and Ty don’t rock and roll their bass timbre with my flute solo. I slap my chest with ten finger pads…(which kinda hurts)…as I hold upright the ten fingers in the air. I sing in piccolo music. “Me!” I pause for beauty and word in a jumbled completed sentence. “My name is…the target…I mean…I’m the target. Who did I miff out, this week?” I view the floor, wrinkling my forehead, ugly and pondering the tattle-tale list of spies, enemies, and no-gooders against me, who I shall greet and meet and do something mean, too. I sigh with danger.
“Starra, you have a huge bounty on your pretty head of five million currs.” Rann warns with a serious baritone.
I wrinkle my forehead and screws my eyebrows, funny then react with a calm timbre, which is quiet both shocking and surprising for me. “That’s all…,” huffing musically a big puff of air molecules then twist my lips, ugly. “I’m worth five million currs,” giggling. “I re-assess my value more like around nine or maybe, fifteen currs. What’da ya think, Rann?” I smile.
Ty wrinkles his forehead, ugly, showing concern. “This is a very significant threat to your well being, Starra.”
I stomp my right boot nosily, swinging my arms parallel to the tile. “I get it. This is the reason I can’t lead the Tele-warriors into battle. Right, Rann?” I chuckle at Bartholomew’s stupid reason, while I plot-a-plan to violate really soonest and baddest. I sigh with deceive.
“This is the reason that Bartholomew is supporting your pet project on the dead planet in an abandoned warehouse. Your life’s threatened, Starra. No one knows about this base, this training, this planet or you.”
I swiftly stand and ball my hands into folded fists beside my legs, pouting my lips, ugly and yell. “Bartholomew doesn’t believe in my Tele training, my Tele abilities, my Tele powers. I feel. I feel….”
Rann swiftly stands in front of me holding both arms to the flooring. “Don’t throw anything, Starra!” He swing his face at Ty and orders. “Ty, you might want to duck behind the chair for the next five seconds.” Rann runs around the furniture like a silly kid and ducks his big body behind the sofa as Ty chuckles with entertainment.
I snort like a wild boar at Rann’s non-entertainment action. Then, I express softly with my new set of jumbled mixed up emotions which interfere with my awesome T-powers. “I’m not going to throw any objects. I feel sad. I just feel sad.” I re-seat for the third time, pondering, thinking, and plotting.
Ty studies me. “You’re handling this news, very well, Starra.”
I look at Ty then Rann and guess right-o. “Ira, you don’t trust him. He’s threatening my life. Right, Ty?” I investigate the new enemy then use some Tele-magic on their bee_hinds making them cluck like a chicken or maybe leap like a pond frog. I smile and giggle. “Well! Name them! Don’t leave me in the dark? Or…I’ll find out…my way.”
Ty views Rann, singing in his tenor saxophone music. “General?” 
Rann orders, winking at him. “Tell her, Major! Or she’ll go looking for trouble. I promise.” I stare at Ty for the final answer.
“Dirk, Rita, Ira, Tok, Tom, Dee, Kay…,” Ty lists…way too long.
I hold both palms in the air and sing in piccolo music. “Stop!” I pause for beauty and then re-direct. “Forget my enemies! Names of my allies, my friends? I bet that list is…”
“Bartholomew, Rann, and me,” Ty says…way too fast then stops quickly. I sigh with doom.
“….short. What in tarnation have I done to these selected and stupid poopy nobles along with the more smart-holed high ranking military officers?” I pose and listen.
“Tar…nation…,” Ty smiles and sings in his tenor saxophone music, shaking his skull side to side then asks. “Is that word…”
“From Bonita…,” I cover faking it, without the smile, since it’s an alien word.
Ty fingers at my freckles. “You…and Dirk are spoken in the same references. You…and Dirk are alike. You…and Dirk are nobles. You…and Dirk are from the same planet. You…and Dirk had the same mentor. You…and Dirk are both talented and gifted Teles with seemingly unlimited powers. The comparison is too close, too coincidence, too similar, and too lucky to be any other chance since you…and Dirk are feared. ” Ty says…way too similar. I view floor while pondering, thinking, and plotting. I sigh with repeat.
Rann says…way too seriously. “You….and Dirk…”
I view Rann. “I…am not similar by body to evil Dirk. I…am not even related by blood to evil Dirk. I happen accidentally to be from the same planet, same mentor, same house, and same talents with evil Dirk. But, I am not evil Dirk. I’m precious Starra.” I understand the logic, pondering my new destiny in the second alien time line. I sigh with fear.

Day 46. Tele Base. sunny day. two in afternoon. I stand upright in the circle of young and old trainees holding an electronic cattle prod in my right hand. I drill the newbies in Tele hand-to-hand combat with the awesome Tele-Mistress…(that’s me). I instruct. “The lesson involves…,” grabbing both my earlobes with both my hands, slithering my body down into the dirt with sizzling ear pain.
“Ah…,” pierces the air…far, far away.
I upright then Tele-dash to the Medical Ward, slamming open the door, and greeting the Healer. The Healer is flooding the floor with her wet tears and sad thoughts. I cut my eyeballs to the Tele-Trainee sleeping quietly upon the cot as the Talisman decorates her wide pale forehead.
Tia frames her body lovely in the archway, wetting her tears on the door frame and stutters really incoherently. “Sorry…she…no…more.”
I tap her forearm with a Tele-forgot it thought while staring at the dead body of the former Trainee. I say, nodding. “Not your fault, Tia. Not all citizens can survive the transference process.” Tia cries as I instruct with a soft tone. “Tia, take off and rest. Okay, honey?” She nods then exits the room.
I move to the Trainee-zombie on the cot, without her fake blood with yellow skin. I heave in gulps of shallow breathes of air from the burnt body while warming the cold body with my hand touch. Rann rushes through the archway, then stops, stands, and stares in his ghostly pale. He views the Trainee-zombie, whispering softly. “What happened?”
I sing in piccolo music. “Watch!” I quickly jerk the talisman from her pale forehead, holding it in my right hand, dumping the twin leather straps from the metal onto the tile.
Rann moves closer to me and touches my forearm, not holding the talisman. “Tell me! What you are planning to do first, Starra?”
I say in my nasty bass flute. “Watch and learn!” I stand over the cold body, pressing the talisman with both my open palms on the zombie.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
The Trainee-zombie violently jerks, one time, then loudly wheezes, one time, then quickly expires, beautifully. Rann reacts with a vicious slur, balling his hands into folded fists, whispering like delicate butterfly’s wings. “You took her life, Starra.”
I stare at the gray wrinkled body of the former young Trainee. “I transferred her Tele-powers to me. Her Soul has ascended into the Afterlife.”
Rann stands beside me. We stare at the gray corpse. He says. “The Book never referenced this type of usage for the talisman.” He looks at my right eardrum and asks. “How did you learn to do this, Starra?”
I stare at the dead girl and announce softly. “Rosa taught me this trick.” I face him, ordering commandingly. “You get the next one…”

Day 48. Commerce. Ira’s office. cool day. eight in morning. “Your assignment is to scan the Wall for the number of sentries patrolling the other side.” Ira says as I sit comfortably in front of his working desk in the great big large office with a view of the restored pretty flower garden and big yellow sunshine. Rann sits next to me in his golden vest and matching trousers tucked into his brown knee-high boots.
I swing my curls to Rann, smiling. “No prob! Do ya wanna ride with me, Rann?”
Ira leans his fat frame over his wide desk and doesn’t bad breathe in my face. “General Rann is not accompanying you on this mission, Commander. You…alone…are in charge of this mission.” I frown at Rann. Ira says. “This is a direct order from King Bartholomew. You and a group of your warriors are expected to report your findings to me, as soon as you return.” Ira swiftly stands along with Rann. I slowly stand and nod, looking at Rann. Ira commands. “Rann…a moment of your time.”
Rann grabs my forehead, bolting me out the archway. “I’ll see you later at the training base. Good luck and good scouting, Starra!” I twist my lips, ugly and note that Rann shuffles back into Ira’s office.
The door slams shut then I prance my boots back to my zipper parked inside the docking pad at the castle, without seeing Bartholomew. He’s in another meeting. I sigh with loneliness.

the Wall. black outer space. minus 1000°F. My zipper leads in front of the four ships with Ty at port, Nat at starboard, and Tea up my fanny. “Ensign, back off! I’m starting to sweat from your forward vapor exhaust.” I giggle with a girly twang at the young pilot, when my comfone sounds in the cockpit.
Tea relays. “Sorry, Commander. I’m a little nervous.”
“Don’t worry! Just a scouting mission.” I say, piloting directly towards the Wall after passing Tech World. I order. “Afterburners shut off.” The four zippers slowly drift up and down on outer space molecules towards the Wall. I command. “I’m dividing the Wall into four quadrants. Nat, first. Tea, second. Ty, third. I’s gots the fourth…”
“I’s? What language is that from?” Tea invades the comfone with her silly humor.
I giggle. “Bonita.” I cover my silly remark and add with seriousness. “Your mission…since I ordered you here…is to scan your little quadrant, systemically. That means from top to bottom, and then side to side with your real eyeballs, and earlobes along with your Tele-powers for any new star ships lounging on the other side of the Wall. Do not make contact with the patrolling pilots? I just want a count of physical ships, not vocal conversations. Any questions?” I listen and wait for…1 second. 2 seconds. Then, I acknowledge. “Good, proceed.”
Two hours later. I finish my quest and see Ty and Ty’s ship slowly drift towards me.
I ask. “What’s your count, Ty?”
Ty says via comfone, “43 ships occupying every five feet of space in the third quadrant.”
I tap the comfone. “Entertaining. Do you want to venture a guess at the number of ships I counted in quadrant four?” I smile.
“43 ships.” Ty reads my Tele-mind.
“Dirk’s smart, as well as, systematic with his scout patrols. I expect a challenge to penetrate the Wall, without losing citizens.” I say.
“Where did you get the idea that the King was going to spare lives, Starra? We’re at War with citizens on the other side of the Wall. These Tele-soldiers are trained by Emperor Dirk who will not hesitate to attack and kill us in an instant, if given that chance?” Ty says with a nasty tone. I sigh with trouble.
Dirk connects, links, and Teles to me. Starra, I can hear you. Why don’t you pop through the Wall, now? I’d thoroughly enjoy blasting your zipper into pieces of tiny bits of space dust.
I love you, too, Dirk! Many more hugs and kisses than yesterday, darling. I connect, link, and Tele to him then cut the Tele-link.
I fly like a rocket back to Commerce to report my findings.

Commerce. Ira’s office. afternoon. “Report, Commander?” Ira demands with a lovely physical snarl that I hope permanently plasters onto his hairy lips while viewing his mini-bot.
I walk towards the big oversized chair. “Can I sit down?” I pose princessly at the rear of the chair, smiling.
Ira studies the mini-bot, without viewing my pretty silver eyeballs. “Report and leave Commander! I’m a very busy man.”
I do enjoy annoying Ira as I step right boot around the big chair. I math like a small child. “There were 43 ships in my first quadrant. Then, if I add the 43 ships in Ty’s second quadrant to the 43 ships in Nat’s third…”
“I follow your logic, Commander. The total is 172 ships. Dismissed!” Ira yells in his baritone tuba.
I stroll to the edge of his desk and pretend to care. I fake a smile, nodding. “Wow! You really are good at math. Has anyone every told you that fact, Ira?”
Ira chin whips his face to my cute freckles and threatens. “Listen to me, Commander, and listen to me very carefully! I don’t care if you are the king’s girlfriend and a Tele-tale with your invisible magical powers. If you every show disrespect to me in front of my Military officers, you are going to wish that you never ever heard my name, Starra.”
I T-probe with my magic trick #1 of Telepathy, without my cute smile, leaning my body heavy into the desk wood and sweet breathing in Ira’s face.
I connect, link, and Tele to Ira. Don’t mess with me, Ira? You will not live to regret it.
Ira drops his jaw line like he’s been stabbed with my hidden dagger…(not, mine)…in the heart organ. Now, he believes in my magic treats.
I gracefully pirouette on my boot toes, exiting Ira and Ira’s office, stomping my soles down the quiet hallway to my zipper and flying back home to Bonita. I sigh with alien.

Bonita. Tele Base. midnight. no clouds. no moon. very dark. very late evening. I can’t sleep, being restless, worried, mad, and bored, sitting, alone, in the darkness with my legs crossed over my new outfit. My back leans against the eerily glowing white sofa from the moon rays while impatiently waiting.
I feel the wind blow against new window panes. I hear the frogs softly croak inside the newly formed lake. I sense the zipper de-accelerating among the fluttering air waves then lands onto the new dirt pad. Then, I hear the booted foot pads.
The door mice squeaks open, inviting the figure inside shadowing in sheath mode.
I say in my new bass flute. “I’ve been waiting for you.” I T-probe, sensing a mental cringe of his jumbled emotions along with the forced hesitation of his strong will.
He twists his boot toes and approaches the left side of his office in the big warehouse. “I was detained.” Rann rumbles in his sexy baritone trombone.
“You were on Resort.” I voice in my new alto flute.
He slaps a T-shield over his mind. “Don’t invade my mind without permission, Starra?” Rann rumbles in his new deadly bass drum, shifting his booted feet in an opposite direction.
“I didn’t have to. I could smell the essence of her on your body.” I voice in my new soprano flute.
“You sound jealous, Commander.” Rann rumbles in his sexy baritone trombone, moving closer to my side of the room.
“I’m jubilant, General. Can’t you tell?” I voice in my new piccolo soprano.
Rann zips around my office partition, standing his tallness against the pale wall. His dark shadow reflects from the outdoor lightning, being used by the Rbots to build our Tele Base. He clarifies. “My orders came directly from the King, himself. My mission was simple. I was to locate and destroy the food warehouse, the weapons installation, and the star ship facilities on Resort. I left Bonita with three Movers and then docked with three other royal officers on Commerce, thirty minutes behind your squad of Trackers.”
“I was the diversion. You were the plan.” I shake my bangs into my eyeballs.
“I used Telekinesis to activate the fire alarm systems in three Factory Plants. Personnel fled the buildings with fear and panic. The act saved their lives.” Rann narrates.
“Brilliant plan!” I say.
“I wasn’t brilliant enough. We set the three explosives and assembled at the ships as planned, except Ira’s boys were still missing.” Rann narrates.
“Suborders.” I frown in the darkness.
“I didn’t want to leave them behind. I didn’t want them to be captured and tortured to death by Dirk.” Rann says. “I ordered them found, contained, and removed from Resort. My team of Movers split into four geographical directions east, west, south, and north searching for Ira’s boys. I headed west, while the Movers found their counterparts. Suddenly, one, two, three, four, five, and six explosions erupted, simultaneously. They were gone. All of them gone.” Rann exhales.
“Who?” I say softly while his Tele-eardrums pick up my faint voice.
“Sid, Li and Cam.”
“Stang!”
“A trap.”
“A setup.”
“The quiet dark streets suddenly filled with panicked, hurt, maimed, and dead citizens consisting of men, women, children, soldiers, officers, Dirk…and Rita. I dashed to my zipper for a swift retreat from the planet but found an obstacle blocking my path.”
“She didn’t blast you into tiny pieces of space dust,” giggling.
“She kissed me,” he says.
I use a T-flair of Telekinesis flipping on the light switch, and illuminating the overhead lights. I view his decorated face and more decorated throat, smearing in her bright red lipstick. I laugh with manly tone. “Ya need a shower, General.”
“Not funny, Commander.” Rann hisses like a snake at my lame joke.
I sober, without any more lame jokes and then sneer like a junk yard dog. “You’re right, General. Not funny! Citizens died. Our citizens…their citizens…”
Rann orders. “Time to retire, Starra.”
I jump, T-rex from the sofa into the air and land right at the tip of his boot toes, balling my folded fists white with anger. “I’m going to rip Ira’s heart out of his plump chest.”
“At ease, Commander!” Rann shouts, standing then drops his chin into my face, whispering like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Bartholomew’s problem, not yours. Go to sleep, Commander.” I sigh with angry.

Day 50. Commerce. Bartholomew’s throne room. rainy day. four in afternoon. “I have captured thirteen spies from Dirk’s army. They’ve been interrogated and questioned.” Bartholomew proclaims with his royal arrogance. I sit beside Rann on the left side of the room next to the breezy aisle. The large room has been mathematical equally divided in the middle of the wide space with a standing podium in place of the desk. I twist my lips, funny.
Rann slams his folded fist into his open palm with his mental thoughts. I study his tart behavior. He says. “Why wasn’t I told, BA? I’m very experienced at extracting, interrogating, and uncovering datum from prisoners.” I sigh with intrigue.
Bartholomew stands at the podium, striking his arm up and down in the air like killing a batch of pretend houseflies. “Rann, I’m well aware of your expert qualifications and credentials. But, the timing was very short. I needed the information, swiftly. So, Ira questioned the prisoners and collected some interesting new facts. The first fact is that Dirk and Rita will be moving their headquarters to Resort in five days.”
I annoy with my very loud flute music. “I could have told you that information, BA.”
Ira stands kinda behind then sorta beside Bartholomew while staring invisible fire balls at me, asking. “Why didn’t you, Commander? This information is vital for the War operations and control.”
Bartholomew stares and smiles at me. “Have a chair, General! The second interesting fact is that Dirk’s army, equipment, ships, and supplies are smaller than originally estimated. His troopers number in the mere hundreds with a good figure around 600...”
I gently punch Rann’s right rib as I bait the trap. “Sire, may I question the prisoners using my Tele abilities? I might be able to extract more valuable datum using a different method of a nice and easy procedure….”
“I’m afraid that’s not going to be possible.” Bartholomew stares at his note cards instead of me and offers those sad words. I sigh with intrigue.
“I’m not afraid of the impossible, Your Highness.” I face the mighty task.
“She should try, Your Majesty. We need more information from the enemy.” A visible officer voices in his tenor saxophone.
Bartholomew starts slowly. “I…regret to state being accused a spy that the punishment is death.”
“When did this edict become law, Bartholomew?” Rann asks, frowning.
Bartholomew stares Rann down as the King, exclaiming. “Yesterday! I proclaim. Any person charged as the enemy of my universe will be declared guilty of treason and is ordered by my law and then is punished by immediate death.” Citizens nosily gasp gulps of air molecules as I twist my lips, ugly. I sigh with murder.
My boyfriend is killing innocent citizens in the name of justice and honor. I’m so sick of this universe displaying death, devastation, and destruction. Let’s all fight and kill each other, then no one’ll be left as the king. And, no one’ll be left as the citizen, ya’ll.
Rann feels my deep rage, touching gently my left forearm, shaking his skull. I nod standing swiftly from my assigned seat and yell. “I quit!”
“Starra, you can’t quit. I’ll not allow it.” Bartholomew orders.
I swing my body into the empty aisle pathing towards the double set of throne doors then T-slam with Telekinesis both sets of pretty wood open with twin booms as the standing Military unit huddles to the side for protection.
Bartholomew yells. “Starra, wait.” I sigh with hunger.
All the shouting, invading, and killing of enemies makes me hunger. I’m going back to my home and fix a tuna fish sandwich.
Rann connects, links, and Teles to me. Starra, please stay!
Try and stop me, Rann. I dare you! I connect, link, Tele to him.

Day 51. Starra’s castle. bright day. nine in morning. Blue skies and yellow sunshine. I lovingly stare through dirty windows of my chartreuse (that’s greenish-yellow) castle at the pair of flying red birds, batches of growing healthy green short weeds, and too many silver shiny cobwebs as nature invades my home. I sigh with beauty.
I gracefully pirouette eye burning my dismal living conditions inside the house with the furniture all busted and the appliances, not functioning, within its normal working parameters. I giggle with a girly twang. There isn’t any food along with any dishes for any food to dirty. I think mentally pondering my borrr-ing dang day of light and night of dark. I sigh with adventure. 
I did fix my bed by flipping the rippled mattress on the floor beside the broken wooden frame for a good slumber (that’s sleep) last night. I exhale missing my Tele Base, my Tele Trainees, and my Tele friends, and my Rann…I mean, Rann…I mean, General Rann…I mean, my friend, Rann. I sigh with mistake.
No comlens. No comfones. No bots…(yeah, prisoner)! Rann had Teled (mind talking, ya’ll) to me, yesterday, after I stormed out of the royal stupid poopy meeting. I’ll be arrested if I land on the Tele Base at Bonita by direct kingly order from Bartholomew. I’m totally surprised, because it’s perfectly logical for me to approach my Tele Base for my Tele training of my Tele-warriors. I giggle with a girly twang. I sigh with mischievousness.
Rann added in his Tele-message to me. I’ll be jailed and confined to the Royal castle with the king and the king’s horses…naw….military horses…military guards. Bartholomew and I aren’t on the best of terms, right now. So, I don’t feel like performing a second confrontation with the king or the king’s gardeners…naw…guards. They might get hurt by me, really bad with their blood, not mine.
Rann summarized, very personally to me. Stay away! I sigh with repetition.
The best news bulletin is that they…ya know…they watch, monitor, trace, and record me using Bartholomew’s people and Dirk’s people, too. I sigh with movie star-ville.
The bestest…(like that made-up word)…news of all is that the galaxy has a big bounty on my pretty skull, 25-million currs, dead or alive. I choke with air molecules on the “dead” part of that verbal, mental, written or emotional statement.
Bartholomew’s people are looking for me to perform some type of traitorous act, while Dirk’s people are trying to kidnap me. I sum the whole numbers plus half numbers for a total number, one dead body, either hung in the gallows by my throat muscles or executed by a firing squad within my eyeballs. I sigh with grit.
The door chime bongs in a fog horn. I step forward then stand soldierly at my archway. I open the door, staring. Mbot drones. “Are you Commander Starra?”
“Maybe, are you armed?” I pose princessly.
Mbot drones. “I bring gifts from King Bartholomew.” Mbot floats in, then a second Mbot floats in, then a third Mbot in, and then a duckling line-up of Mbots fly inside my Living-room. One by one the robots place its individual packages upon the dirty floor scattering the dust rabbits like little white tiny mice as the parade circles back and finally ends, exiting one by one into the royal air ship.
Speechless. Surprised. Pleased. Hunger. Finally, food, I see the biggest present wrapped by a big yellow bow tied over the weave picnic basket…(yeah, baby, ants and food).
The Earth expression by a female, the best way into a man’s heart is through his stomach. The newly created Bonita expression by Starra, if ya feed me, I’m your slave for life.
I quickly dive my ten finger pads into the food, smelling the soft breads, fresh fruits, crisp vegetables, and sweet desserts. I sing in flute music. “Thank you, boyfriend.” Then, I pop the sweet bread into my mouth.
I lounge on the lopsided sofa, eye burning the dirty walls. I brilliantly decide to spring clean inside the house, practicing my awesome T-powers.
I stand on naked toe bones, using a T-flair of Telekinesis then shove each destroyed kitchen appliance one by one into the great big garbage bind located on the other side of the cobblestone street…far, far away from me. I suddenly recall that I’m being recorded.
Okay, ya’ll! Please, make sure and snap a foto of the good side of my freckles while I empty the kitchen crappy garbage cans and clean the dirty bathrooms. I laugh with a girly tone, marching back inside the castle for more domestic work.
An array of Bots usually performs the numerous and annoying domestic housekeeping duties in every noble and commoner house throughout the universe.

I flash past, mentally into the first alien-timeline when I lost my faithfully mental friend Bot. Then, I flash present, mentally when I ordered the robot and the castle destroyed.

I grab a mop, a broom and a cleaning powder then wax and shine on the dirty floor, pondering. Empress Rita probably doesn’t have to mop her dirty old stinky kitchen floor, wishing I could get a new job working for Rita. I laugh with a girly tone. I sigh with humor.
I levitate in the air about four inches from the floor every broken piece of furniture from the Living-room to Dining-room, including the three separate Bedrooms. The burglars had unpleasantly visited then broke, busted, and smashed all my…Rosa’s…Dirk’s property. 
I kindly trashed all the wood and staves and glass into the garage bin across the way.
I wax then buff all the ugly hard wood floors in every room into beautiful art work. I finish then pitch a wet mop, a dry broom along with the unused cleaning powder back into the side storage closet.
I dash upstairs then shower and change into a pretty pink sundress feeling fresh and clean. I elegantly stroll into an empty but clean Living-room like a real alien princess, admiring the line of wrapped gifts against the sorta…(didn’t clean it)…wall. I gallop to the first present. I sigh with love. 
The boxes decorate short to tall and long to wide in prettily bright bold colors of yellow, blue, green, red, pink, purple, and orange, each with a color-coordinated matching satin bow that drools like spit from the edges of the square boxes. I T-float with Telekinesis the puke green paper into my ten finger pads and then viciously rip off the silk paper like an evil villainess. I jerk the lid from the box and toss it perfectly behind my back muscles, seeing. Hundreds of chocolate-coated candies, I pig squeal with total delight. I sigh with happiness.
I have received, no particular order. I didn’t open the presents smallest to the biggest.
I got a pearl bracelet, a bottle of perfume, a book of love poetry, and a single mini-bot. I view the mini-bot like a biting snake then gingerly press the blinking red light. The message reads, I am sorry.
I grin like the cat that has eaten the entire nest of delicious baby blue birdie eggs. I quickly levitate the mini-bot…(keeping the other gifts)…into the garbage bin all the way across the street using the open front door and then my T-fling of Telekinesis. I mumble to my eardrums, only. “Must do better than that, Bartholomew.”

Day 52. Starra’s castle. Sunny day. nine in morning. Blue birds fly while green frogs jump, and yellow wildflowers grow tall underneath a baby blue sky and a yellow sun bombarding my chartreuse (that’s greenish-yellow) castle through the windows. The air ship vomits more Mbots with more presents beautifully upon the floor. The gifts from Bartholomew include a pearl necklace, a bouquet of red flowers, a pack of peppermint candy, a book of love sonnets, a second bottle of perfume, new baskets of food, and a second single mini-bot. The message reads, I am sorry. Please, come back!
“Nice try, but no prize.” I sorta rhyme the words, dumping the mini-bot into the trashcan.

Day 53. Starra’s castle. warm day. nine in the morning. I sense with déjà vous…naw…delivery view of many more lovely gifts from Bartholomew. The new message is neatly typed. I am sorry. Please, come back. I love you.
“Still no cigar, king, maybe tomorrow, I’ll be in a better mood.” I pitch the mini-bot into the trashcan.

Day 56. Starra’s castle. dull day, nine in morning. I lay on the lopsided sofa, reading the poor sentence structure. I am sorry. please, come back. I love you. I am worried about you. I cannot live without you. Please, confone me! I dump the electronic devise into the garbage can across the street.

Day 57. seven days of rest, seven days of relaxation, seven days of peace, seven days of quiet, seven days of loneliness, seven days of imprisonment, and seven days of exile. I spit literally my mouth salvia on my dirty window, wiping it clean with the tail of my old stinky pink sundress. I don’t posses a washer appliance to wash the dang dirty clothes. I really do passionately hate with all my loving heart the red birds, the yellow wildflowers, the green frogs, the baby blue sky, and the yellow sun along with the chartreuse (that’s puke green in yellow tinted color) castle.
I stand soldierly at the open front entrance as Mbots float in the air waves. “Right on time!” I eye gleam the fresh cut bouquet of pink rosebuds, a package of wrapped pink candy, a bottle of pink tinted perfume, the different types of pink jewelry stuff while I eat all the delicious food. I flip through the “whatever” love story book. Then, I stare and study the mini-bot message. Meet me at seven, tomorrow! I sigh with 50% triumph.
I hover the mini-bot in the air for a quick disposal as my right eyeball catches the new sparkling item beside the fresh cut bouquet of sweet smelling pink rosebuds. I say. “My, my, my! What is this? An extra present is wrapped in shimmery golden paper.” I kneecap, opening the silk lid then exclaim. “How cute? How precious? How delightful?” I retrieve the enclosed small paper card planted on top of the gift, smiling and loving.
The card reads, with love, Rann...naw…Bartholomew. I smile recognizing Rann’s creative clothing designer style and his unique sense of personal flare, anywhere in the universe. My new outfit is a gray sleeveless top and matching gray circular skirt which are embedded with thousands of sparking tiny diamonds. I surrender, give up, and call off my union…naw…solo strike then brilliantly decide to meet him…(not Rann)…Bartholomew, tomorrow at seven in morning. I plan to apology for my irrational silly girl-friendly behavior. I sigh with satisfaction.

Day 58. T-storm. eight in evening. rain. lightning. thunder. The sound of boom, crack, clap, and dong awakens me. “Rain storm…,” whispering as I roll onto my tummy, closing my eyelashes then violently flip my open palms on the ripped mattress.

I flash past, mentally in the first alien-timeline when I fought against the invaders in a rainy thunderstorm and won. I flash present, mentally that it is raining.

I hear my un-invited guests rumbling outside the patio at the Living-room windows. I quickly change into my new uniform, wearing my thigh-high leather boots.
I elegantly stroll down the stairs like an alien Princess then secretively drop to the floor and crawl on fours (palms and kneecaps). I ghostly hide behind the broken sofa, levitating a dry mop, a dry broom, and a cleaning metal bucket beside me.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
They nosily stumble through a jarred window, then crouch still and quiet. I giggle.
Party Crasher #1 searches with his semi-perfect vision the long sofa. I path my booted foot in his way, delight in watching him trip big time and land hard on his fit six-pack abs with a nosily thump. I giggle for 1.3 second then swiftly crack his skull with a big bad metal bucket, making a loud crunch like a good delicious candy bar.
Party Crasher #2 notices #1 lays in a zombie-like pose upon the clean floor, standing like a dang fool over his unconscious body. I viciously punch the broom handle into his stomach, watching him fold like a deck of cards with his drool bubbling at his lips. I nosily gag and turn my face sucking up air molecules, before I throw up on both of them.
Then, I T-fling the metal bucket at his hard head, not seeing the male land on his buddy but I hear it with my Tele-ears. 
Party Crasher #3 hunts for me on the other side of the sofa. I jump and plow my folded right fist into a hooded face, feeling the wetness of blood soaking into his cloth mask while hearing his nose bones break. He lands on top of #2 and #1 with loud sounds of crack, crunch, and clang.
Party Crasher #4 is the smart-hole of ill-mannered piggy lot while he stands, without a mask and without any body action at the exposed window. I peek-a-boo my skull upright behind the sofa. He grins at me then I grin right back at my fine worthy opponent. I sigh with pleasure.
I leap, T-rex galloping at the armed man who elegantly twirls the long lead pipe with some talent using both his hands vertical like a majorette baton. I quickly charge and swiftly grab his left forearm, flinging violently his entire horizontal body (air-borne) through the window upon the patio. The pipe lands at my boot toes with a clang sound.
He rolls his body once and then lands on his six-packed abs on the patio.
I carefully survey my awesome handy work while exposing hardcore body evidence for the viewing pleasure of both Bartholomew’s and Dirk’s spies and my awesome foto moment.
I connect, link, and Tele to him. Rann, wake up? Commander Starra is calling for General Rann. Come in, Rann.
What!? Rann slowly connects, links, and Teles to me.
I need your help.
What!?
Party at my house, big mess. Clean up crew, pronto.
Party!? House!? Starra!? Attacked, again?
Sorta.
Leaving now. Rann out.

cold morning. three in morning.  A single zipper and two carrier ships drop onto the patio landing pad as the engines whine down like a couple of mating alley cats. The door admits Rann, Ty, and Nat. I rudely finger point at the scattered mice…naw…men…smiling sweetly and batting my long black eyelashes then yawn ugly from my tiredness and exhaustion playing, too late at night in my Tele-games. I sigh with slumber.
“Drag them to the ship, Captain.” Rann sneers like a junk yard dog and commands like a real prince of the universe while shuffling to pretty me. Ty and Nat park their kneecaps upon the floor, examining my invaders.
Nat triages the body, saying. “General, these bodies are going to be difficult to move. One has a broken arm and another one a broken leg.” Rann frowns at pretty me. I shrug my shoulders then yawn ugly for a second time.
Ty smiles, finger pointing at the prisoners. “You did this, Starra.”
I view him, pouting my lips, cute-like. I whine like I have stepped my left boot in an old pile of dog dookie along the sidewalk. “It was dark. I was afraid.”
Rann chuckles, grabbing my right forearm and pulling me close into his face. “You! Afraid?”
Ty shakes his skull. “I’m glad you’re on our side, Starra.” He tends to the invaders.
Rann orders. “Nat, sedate them and patch them up. We leave in five.” He views me, holding my hand and requests. “May I speak with you in private?” He pulls me into the Dining-room with no furniture, no chairs, and no dinner. Rann orders. “I want you to accompany me back to the Tele Base, now.”
I shake my bangs into my eye sockets. “I’m staying. Anyways, you said. I’ll be arrested if I approach Bonita.”
“Having you arrested is not my primary concern at the moment?” He doesn’t release my arm.
“Thanks for your concern and your worry, Rann. But, I’m meeting with Bartholomew at seven this morning. I’m going to beg, plead…yes…and gravel for my old job back.” I grin
“I’m glad that you see the universe as a whole, not just Starra’s private little world.” I part my pink-painted lips…(yeah, I sleep in lipstick)… while Rann tightens his gripe on my right hand to stay my acid wiggling tongue. He views Ty and Nat’s progress then returns his brown eyes at me and comments. “That’s in four hours. I’ll be returning to personally escort you to BA’s office.” I sigh with support.

Bartholomew’s castle. bright day. seven in morning. I successfully dodged the first Honor Guard unit, after she didn’t believe my true…(sweat and swear)…meeting with Bartholomew, early in the dang morning. Of course, the mini-bot worked that one single time in my hands then imploded for its stupid silly security measurement.
I don’t possess any real hard evidence of my planned meeting with the king.
I spot, spy, and scoot inside the secret side door along the main corridor, following the dark hallway using a T-flair of Telekinesis, so I don’t bust my perky nostrils or my pink lips or my perfect teeth. I slowly skip to a second level that houses the King’s Throne Room, exiting into a very bright hallway, and check for the roaming useless Military officers. Clear.
I quickly straighten my new circular gray skirt, tossing my gray hair pretty around my cute freckles then silently inhale and silently exhale with nervous energy. I sigh with anxiety.
I peek-a-boo my face around the wall corner then twist my body into the hallway and stroll like a princess to a pair of guards. I smile, saying. “I am Commander Starra. I have an appointment with King Bartholomew. Please, tell him that I have arrived. Thank you!” I nod.
The Male Guard states. “Wait, here!” He gets swallowed up by the throne door leaving me, alone.
My Tele-senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
A presence. I swing my face to see him.
Ira hisses like a snake, first, then snarls like an alligator, second, then asks me, because he doesn’t know the right answer. “How did you get into the castle without my knowledge?”
I try to act normal, wiggling and jiggling my face and body, without answering.
“She said…,” the Female Guard dumps, not quickly enough.
Ira bad breathes in my face. “Guards, arrest her!” My swift options run? Fight? Surrender? I pirouette to the left…ya know…for that fleeing thing as my hero arrives and saves my fanny.
Bartholomew orders. “Belay these orders, gentlemen!” I whirl to face him with a big smile as he wraps his arm around both my shoulders, pulling me into his cape. “Starra, I’m so happy to see you. I’m so thankful you agreed to meet with me, this morning.” Bartholomew neck snaps his skull to Ira. “Dismissed.” Then, he orders to the Guards. “At ease and return to your work stations.” He swings me to the right, escorting me into the throne room.
I rush the useful words for a few extra brownie points. “I’m sorry, BA. I was wrong for showing disrespect to you, in front of the nobles and your officers. I hope you can forgive me. I also want to re-join your Military, if that is all right with you.” I smile with a big grin, batting my long black eyelashes for show and pouting my lips, cute-like like a vomiting Woof puppy.
Bartholomew hugs my body then tenderly kisses my right cheekbone, smiling and stating. “Apology accepted. I was hoping you had come in peace and not to yell at me, anymore. I’m very, very happy that you’ll be by my side on the Command Ship, when the War starts.” I’m sick of hearing, talking, and studying about the upcoming War. I wish beyond the stars to attend a Royal dance, not a Royal War. I sigh with depression.

Throne Lobby. “General Rann.” Ira bows slightly at his overweight belly and recognizes respectfully his fellow noble.
“General Ira.” Rann lounges comfortably inside the thickly padded chair, showing no respect to his fellow noble or superior Military officer.
“Do you have business with the king?” Ira asks, business-like.
“I’m waiting for Commander Starra. She has business with the king.” Rann explains, eye burning Ira.
“I see.” Ira words softly.
Rann swiftly stands from the chair. “I don’t think you see, Ira. As a matter of fact, I believe that you’re as blind as an Agri bat. But, I, however, do see.” He uses a T-zap of his Telekinesis, lifting plump Ira two feet into the air then slightly tilts Ira’s face towards his wicked grin. Rann threatens. “Starra is under my protection, now. I didn’t understand how her name got marked on an assassin’s hit list. I want it removed, today.” Rann pauses for handsomeness then says. “Or I’ll be creating my own hit list with your name upon the first row.” He slowly lowers plump Ira and Ira’s belly to the floor with a hard thump. Rann growls like a grizzle bear and reminds. “Do not betray me, Ira! I have more currs than you, the king, and the royal treasure chest. I will not hesitate to release millions of currs into the universe for all the numerous assassins, mercenaries, and spies, who are desirous into collecting a very quicksilver profit.” He pauses for handsomeness then sneers. “Do I make myself clear?”
Ira presents a set of dead pan straight pin lips, viewing Rann. “I can see, more clearly, now.” He pivots, spilling his bulk into the empty hallway.
Bartholomew and I happily emerge from the set of double doors. I see Rann pivot soldierly towards us with a great big smile.
I connect, link, and Tele to Rann. You’re late.
Detained.  Rann connects, links, and Teles to me.
Is everything all right? 
Now, it is.
Bartholomew commands to his staff. “Guards, cancel all my appointments, this morning.” He grabs my hand and cheerleads. “We’re celebrating Starra’s return. Breakfast is on me.”
Bartholomew and Rann hold each one of my hands as I stroll in the middle protected by the only two gentlemen in the universe, feeling safe, secure, and content.
We, three pad into the Dining-room and swing our arms like a batch of silly High School teens. I sigh with happiness.
We’re all friends, pals, and buddies, again, who are known, the three musketeers of the universe. Bartholomew hasn’t fully accepted Ivy’s death but is successfully controls his straying sad emotions and vengeful temperaments much better, since that day. I sigh with joy.

Private dining-room. Breakfast is served by real citizens in a very private, very secluded, and very secure location, free of comlens, comfones, and bots. Rann boasts with a greedy purpose his stupid story. “I’ve acquired new datum about Dirk’s current operations, BA.”
“Specify.” Bartholomew sings in bass drum while I swing my curls at Rann, seeing.
He smiles a wicked grin at Bartholomew, since Rann has interrogated his prisoners…naw…my prisoners on Bonita. Rann says. “My sources have revealed that Dirk’s on Resort. There’s also unrest in his fake Empire among the low and high ranks of his officers, warriors, and citizens. I hope you don’t mind. I’ve taken the free liberty of ordering an unauthorized mission. At this very moment, I have sent a rescue team to the Wall to collect some 300 former citizens, soldiers, and officers along with their family members and children, who are escaping from Dirk’s pretend Empire.” He eats his scrambled eggs, chewing at me. I frown, chewing, too.
Bartholomew nods. “I’m going to put you in for an accommodation and a medal for leadership, courage, and bravery, Rann.” I giggle. Rann is as defiant as I about wearing that issued pressed and ironed blue Military uniform, opting for his open vest that decorates with a set of small semi-precious gems along with his rippling tanned muscles.
Rann asks. “Will you include my rescue team as well on your declaration?” He sips on his beverage.
Bartholomew nods. “Done.” He asks. “Who are your sources?” I sigh with nervousness.
Don’t Rann? I connect, link, and Tele to Rann.
“Captured mercenaries.” Rann ignores my mind-propped words but steals a single eye gleam at me. I frown, chewing.
Bartholomew eats his eggs. “They invaded Bonita.”
Rann chews then swallows his breakfast food as I stare at Rann with my twisted lips, ugly but he doesn’t seem to notice me. He sings in baritone trombone music. “No.”
Bartholomew mops the single biscuit around the gravy sauce on his plate, listening intensively to Rann’s ramblings as I watch Bartholomew’s facial reactions. “Where did they come from?” Bartholomew asks.
“Commerce.” Rann sings in baritone trombone music then finishes the eggs, starting to consume the meats. I get really seasick with dizziness.
Bartholomew sings in bass drum music, presenting duck lips, ugly. “Mercenaries?” He pauses for my beauty while smiling at me. He says. “There’re mercenaries on my planet, without my knowledge. Why didn’t Ira report this to me?”
Rann says. “BA, the spies, a few assassins, many mercenaries along with lots of block aid runners live and work on Commerce, Agri, Tech, and Sahara. They’re the only viable worlds left in the universe. They present as a regular citizen holding a regular job. But, when dangled with large quantities of currs they immediate transform into another set of altered beasts, who work on profit, not morals.”
Bartholomew nods while finishing the eggs and then drinks the juice. Rann smirks at me when I place my fork upon my plate.
My Tele-senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling. 
Here comes the bomb…the boom…the blast from Rann as I scan for an exit…(like escape). I see a single exit door behind Rann’s butthole.
Bartholomew finishes his beverage and wipes his lips then asks. “Was the target a base?”
Rann shakes his skull. “Not a physical location.” He enjoys the last drops of his brown warm cocoa.
I connect, link, and Tele to Rann. Stop playing around, Rann. 
Rann immediately shoots a T-shield over his open active mind, chuckling.
Maybe, I should try a more direct assault such as a swift and painful kick in his left shin from my booted leather right foot. I sigh with help.
“If it wasn’t one of my Military bases, then it must a citizen.” Bartholomew guesses right-o.
Rann consumes the rest of his buttered biscuit. “Yes.”
Bartholomew stares at his plate intrigued that a citizen is the target of mercenaries.
I stare at Bartholomew while Rann stares at me.
Then, Bartholomew chin whips his face to Rann. “Who was the target?”
Rann cuts his eyeballs at me. “Your girlfriend,” chuckling.
Bartholomew swiftly stands while some of the food falls around his plate. “Starra!?” Then, he literally mouth spits over his food plate as I gag with disgust and turn my face. Bartholomew cleans his lips with his napkin then recovers but still is clueless. “Starra is the target of what exactly. I don’t understand, Rann.”
Rann chuckles for fun. “Assassination, kidnapping, intimidation, bounty hunters, take your pick, BA?”
I slam on my palm on the table for their undivided attention as the table rattles violently. I control the stupid chat. “You, Rann are blowing this incident way out of proportion all the way to the Wall. Now, stop this insane!”
Bartholomew still stands and still stares at me like I’m going to implode or something bad. I sigh with okay.
“I think not.” Bartholomew remarks.
“I think so.” I retort.
“I don’t think so.” Rann says.
“I am safe.” I continue.
“You are not safe.” Rann says.
“The fourth attempt on your life.” Bartholomew remarks.
“Third.” Rann says.
“Second.” I growl.
“I have decided.” Bartholomew states.
“Decided what?” Rann asks.
Bartholomew smiles for drama, nodding at Rann then looks at me. “I’m going to place you under house arrest, Starra. You’re confined to my castle until the end of the War.”
I bang both palms on the table as it really rocks and rolls with a tiny touch of T-flair. I’m about to flame out the way to the Wall. “What!?” I yell.
“What for?” Rann asks.
“You can’t order me around, BA.” I fight.
“Can’t I? I’m your superior officer, your king and your boyfriend.” Bartholomew reminds.
“I might be able to offer another alternative to Starra’s incarceration.” Rann suggests.
“What alternative?” Bartholomew says.
“I can place Starra under my protection. I’ll personally guarantee her safely.” Rann informs.
“You will not.” I retort.
“I will.” Rann says.
“You will.” BA states.
“We leave for the Tele Base, this morning. Bonita is covered with a little more than 500 Tele-warriors under my command. Remember, BA? No one will harm Starra. I promise” Rann holds three finger pads in the air for fun as I hiss like a snake at him.
Bartholomew smiles and re-sits his fanny back into the table, scooting his mouth closer to the food plate, picking off the undesired food items. “I agree.”
“I agree, too.” Rann confirms.
“I don’t agree.” I reject as Rann stands, moving from the table and parks his body behind me to assist me from the chair. I sit fuming quietly. Bartholomew chows down his breakfast.
Rann taps the back of my chair with ten finger pads and announces. “I am ready. Have you finished your breakfast, Commander?” He jerks the chair with a touch of T-strength as me and my chair pull gently from the table.
“I…Rann…”
Rann grabs my right hand while we swing towards the exit door, leaving Bartholomew to finish his breakfast, alone. I sigh with fury.

Bonita. Tele Base. hot day. mid-day. I leap, kitten-like from Rann’s zipper from the passenger side, before he drops the wheels to the dirt. I jog quickly into the Administration Office, since Rbots work on the new buildings.
We decided that the Tele Residence came, first, then the Tele Training Building, before our private houses. I slam the wood towards the door frame, while it doesn’t slam with a loud noise, It is caught with a quick hand, while the body stalks after me through my partition. The body yells. “Starra!?” I sigh with angry.
I halt my walking and my fuming, only, because I owe greatly my bestest buddy, Rann a lot for his currs, his buildings, his Rbots, and his everything. I gracefully pirouette with a dead pan set of straight pin lips and softly ask in a gently flute music. “Why did you tell Bartholomew? Haven’t you ever heard of the popular phrase ‘on a need to know basis’?” I view the floor.
Rann flexes his biceps over his naked chest, screwing his eyebrows, ugly. He sings in baritone trombone music. “Hmm! That’s an old Earth expression. Or is it a new alien one?” He doesn’t elaborate but smiles with a bright grin then presents a set of dead pan straight pin lips. He moves closer to my face and sweet breathes the soft words. “Bartholomew needs to know about…the mercenaries, the threats, the invasion, the attacks, the spies, the assassins. But, he does not need to know about…,” placing his finger pads on each side of my shoulder then names, “…you, Starra.”
I smash my eyelashes upright then swallow thick mouth spit back down my tight throat.
My Tele-senses ping. Everything is fine, darling.
I studiously stare into his dancing brown eyes. “I couldn’t possibly fathom what you might be saying here, Rann?”
Rann steps closer in my space, moving his ten finger pads down my elbows, pulling me tighter into his chest. He sweet breathes into my face with more soft words. “You know, what I’m saying, Starra.” He smirks with a set of crooked soft pink lips, right and words softly into my face. “The hints are so subtle like a secret love affair. Your lack of noble protocol.” He pauses for handsomeness as I push away and he pulls me closer. “Your extensive knowledge of Earth history. Your compassion for the commoners.” I push away as Rann stops and pulls me tightly into his chest. “Your four talents of Tele abilities.” He stops and smiles as I push away but he holds me with a touch of T-flair of Telekinesis in that spot. He says. “That last clue had pulled the puzzle together for me. You’re a great actress, Starra. After my Tele transference, it became all clear. You became very clear to me, Starra.” He nods.
My Tele-senses ping. Everything is fine, darling.
“Don’t say it! Since, you like to communicate in silly riddles, Rann?” I push away from his heated muscles and strong biceps as he releases me. I roughly pirouette my body towards my office desk. I sigh with work.
Rann announces standing right behind me, whispering like delicate butterfly’s wings. “I see your real identity, your true identity, and your secret identity, Starra.” He pauses for handsomeness, shifting both hands on my shoulders then says. “The Book states a citizen develops one, maybe, two Tele talents, not four. No citizen possesses four in this universe.”
“Dirk does.” I debate, hotly, viewing the desk.
“He does not.” Rann sweet breathes in my right eardrum.
I body twirl with my circle skirt hitting his trousers. I smart-hole. “What!?”
Rann pulls me into his chest then whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings into my left eardrum. “Dirk is Mover and Tracker. Rita is Healer. Ty is Tracker. Dan is Seer. You are…,” gently touching my face.
I sing in flute music. “No!”
He nods, shifting his hands to my waist and hugging me close to his chest. He whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings in my right eardrum. “There is not another citizen in this universe with four talents. You are…”
“Alien,” closing my eyelashes.
Rann pulls back and faces me, nodding. “An Alien Princess from Earth.” I sigh with queasiness.
I whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings. “What are you going to do, Rann?”
Rann smiles with a big grin and promises. “I’m going to protect you, Starra. I promised that I’d defend you with my life. I always keep my promises to my…,” hugging me then releases me and offers. “…friends.” My emotions drown inside my mind, my heart while burst into wet tears then I prettily cry from eye sockets. Rann wraps his steel biceps around my entire body while cuddling me, protecting me, comforting me, and reassuring me for my safety as an alien living in an alien galaxy. Rann whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings into my right eardrum. “Everything’s going to be fine, Starra!” He quoted Grandma Starbuck’s favorite Earth sentence then my tears flooded his naked chest, his naked arms all the way down to the naked floor into imagery empty buckets. I cry, sob, cry, sob…repeat that ugly pattern until completely exhausted of body water and mental strength. Rann orders. “Sit here, Starra!” He tires of holding a semi-conscious dead weigh petite girl into his chest. We shift in a few rough steps upon the long sofa then sit, together. Rann tenderly pats my eye sockets dry with a cloth handkerchief. He smiles, holding tenderly both my hands, assuring with peace of mind. “I know that you are from Planet Earth, but no one else does. No one needs to know that information and no one will. I promise.” I sigh with danger.
I hold another secret. “I appreciate you lending me your shoulder to cry on as we, Earthlings say. And, you wanting to protect me and you keeping my secret, but…”
Rann cocks his skull sideways using a T-probe as I slap up a T-bubble for protection and concern. “But…”
“Dirk knows.”
“Impossible.”
I expose the alien tail. “Rosa knew. Rosa told Rex. Rex told Rita. Rita told Dirk. Dirk…”
Rann swiftly stands from sofa moving away from me. I feel his concerns and his fears, tipping the edge of his Tele mind, while he drops the T-shield. I hear his mental thoughts.
No one can fight Dirk. No one can kill Dirk. No one in this universe can complete that task.
I’m not born here, not controlled as a child by Teles trained by Rosa on Uni, and not intimidated by the combo threats of Rosa, Rex, Ira, Rita, and Dirk. And, I possess four extraordinary talented special purpose powers.
I stand and dash to Rann, posing behind him and warning with a happy feeling. “Rann, don’t worry! I can handle Dirk.” I sigh with overconfidence.
Rann swings his body, facing me and concerns. “Dirk has been attempting to kill you, since you landed in the universe.”
I smirk then giggle with amusement. “That’s no secret.”
Rann pulls me close into his chest, touching my face with his right hand and caressing it softly and tenderly. He whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Starra, Dirk wants you dead, because you can change the universe. You are an alien. You can change everything, Starra.” He’s dashing, charming, and smart, but a little late with postulating that ‘Kill you, Starra’ theory.
I got that one. I changed the universe big time, again, like I did inside the first alien-timeline. But, I can fix it…(Southern term)…too. I sigh with…make it right.
I say. “The War might never start. The War might continue for decades. The War might end in one day. I don’t know…which outcome…is coming true. I see these scary visions, every night. But, I do know this. My presence here is the unpredictable variable causing the outcomes to leap into different time and space paths. I have been contemplating. I should leave the War. Maybe, I should leave the planet. Maybe, I should leave the universe and return to…”
“No!” Rann sings in high tenor, exhaling. Then, slowly smiles and recovers quickly. “No! I mean I don’t want you to give up, Starra. You’re here for a reason. Dirk’s the one that needs to leave the universe, maybe I can assist with that act, too. Please reassure me that you are…,” nodding while I copy-cat his skull gesture. He smiles sweetly, “…going to stay and help me fight Dirk.” I smile as Rann shifts his hands to my elbows, hugging me tight.
I announce. “I’ll stay for you, Rann. I’ll help you fight against Dirk.”
Rann smiles. “I’m very pleased with your quick decision.” He predicts, wildly. “Dirk isn’t going to kill you. I know that for a fact.” I sigh with puzzlement.
“I tested you as a seer, Rann. You failed, perfectly. So, how can you possibly predict in a Tele-view that Dirk isn’t going to kill me?”
He grins with a goofy smile, pulling me very close to his face. “I’m going to save you, Starra. I promised. Prince Rann doesn’t break his promises to his friends.” I smile at my ‘bestest’ friend in the universe. Rann meekly asks. “I always have wanted to ask about your Tele-power of Teleclairvoyance…future events. Can you really see the future, Starra?” I nod as he pulls from my body and stands like a solider.
I giggle with a girly twang and guess right-o. “Want me to foretell your future, Rann?”
Rann parts his lips. “Forget it. Just teasing you! I wanted to take your mental thoughts off of Dirk.” He swings his body away from me.
I always see a vision with Rann and sing in piccolo music. “Wait!” Rann body spins to me and I say. “I wanted to share something with you about your future, Rann. I don’t know, exactly, what it means. I do see images. But, the images don’t hold any significance to me. Maybe, this vision will hold something special for you.” Rann cocks his skull sideways as I inhale then exhale and do tell. “I see you as a king.”
He frowns. “You mean as a...leader under…our king.”
I shake my curls while I access the image right on the edge of my mind. “Naw! A king of a nation.”
Rann shakes his skull, without a mental clue, smiling “You’re correct. Your images aren’t significant to me either. I suggest that you rely on your other Tele-powers as a guide into the future.” He chuckles along with me.

Day 60. ram ship. outer space orbit. Resort, morning. I eye burn the gray marble then the shiny golden instruments then busy Bartholomew, who stands in front of the gigantic viewing window on the ram ship. I inquire with kitty-cat curiosity. “Where’da ya get this big ship, BA?” I walk around the two throne chairs, awaiting an answer.
Bartholomew still stands like a king in front of black cold starry outer space, since the War hasn’t official started their engines or their motors or their whatever. “Tech World,” he rushes my answer busying with finger pads while playing joyfully on the set of colored round knobs at the main console panel under the watchful eye of the real Captain.
I pose at attention in front of the throne chairs with my hands tapping on my fanny like a drum majorette. “Tech world!? When were you on that planet?” I add more words to my query.
Bartholomew continues to touch more switches on the console as Captain shakes his skull side to side with a negative response. He says. “During one of my raids, I confiscated the ram ship for my War.” Bartholomew adds a little more words to my query.
“Raids, what raids…,” that I didn’t attend I march back and forth in front of the throne chairs from boredom. The rear row of chairs behind the throne seats are occupied with a staff of new warriors as we await the start of the War.
“While you were pouting in your castle, Starra, I was using my limited resources to requisition men and materials for the War?” Bartholomew virtually slaps my cyber-super-ego in the face or the fanny. I don’t know which but both sets of cheeks are stinging with virtually pain. I slowly pace back and forth in front of the throne chairs, eye burning the pretty marble floor with my hands bouncing against my fanny while hearing the different timbres pronounce a loud vocal checklist that bombards the ear wax inside my skull.
“Command ship ready.”
“Check.”
“Sky troops ready.”
“Check.”
“Land troops ready.”
“Check.”
“Tele-warriors ready.”
“Check.” Rann calls in via the comfone as I stop and stare out the viewing screen.
I T-see with Teleclairvoyance. Rann is decked out handsomely in his standard traditional golden vest and shiny brown knee-boots along with a sword in his right hand and a maser in his left while leading my Tele-warriors against Dirk’s Tele-soldiers. I sigh with absence.
I whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings. “I ain’t ready.” I quickly pace back and forth.
Bartholomew moves from the console and then flips his body around to stare at the command crew. He holds both arms in a half-moon position then proclaims the rain…naw…the statement. “This War will end the feuding, the hatred, and the suffering of my citizens in the galaxy.”
I stop suddenly, staring at Bartholomew, parting my pink-painted lips wide like a dying fish. I let him have it. “Wars don’t solve problems, BA. They create them. Peace solves problems, Bartholomew and creates compassion and understanding and…”
Bartholomew gently shoves my right shoulder towards the other throne chair and orders. “Sit down, Starra!” He scoots his bod into the soft leather of the larger chair. “You’re making me nervous.”
There are two throne chairs...a great big one for the host of the War and a small one for my tiny fanny parking it beside the big one for the Hostess of the War. I perpendicular my frame to my chair parking my twin folded fists on my cute hew gray outfit from Rann as my knuckles caress the smooth diamonds around the belt that fits my waist. I sigh with madness.
I bellow. “I’m too nervous to sit.” I swing my body to the view window of nothing and command like a princess. “I wanna fly…”
Bartholomew studies the mini-bot in his hands, not my pretty freckles and overrules. “Your place is here with me, darling. We discussed this in great detail, yesterday.” He views me, smiling. Because, he told me the same exact words in the same sentence structure, yesterday, the day before yesterday. He says to me. “Rann knows his duty to the Crown.” He ends the discussion thread, quickly. BA doesn’t exhibit but emotions of his broken heart and angry for losing his sister, Ivy and still blames his best friend, Rann along with blaming his best girl, me. Plus Bartholomew blames his own stupid neglect along with his carelessness of the War on everyone.
I close the psych evaluation the pout my lips, cute-like. I whine like I have stepped into bot oil. “I am leader…,” of the Teles. Remember, pal?
Bartholomew nods, reading his mini-bot. “You’re the leader of the Teles. I’ll not dispute that fact. The other fact is that you’re more valuable to me on the bridge of the Command Ship. I don’t want you in the middle of the War, Starra.” He chin whips his face to me for a second time and presents a set of dead pan straight pin lips. “If you get kidnapped, again, I might not know about it. Or, worse, I might not be able to rescue you.” The mini-bot beeps as he looks at the message.
“I take care….,” of me. Remember, pal?
Bartholomew croons. “Of course, you can, sweetheart.” I hate his sweet talk, feeling like I have committed a murder felony as I surrender both my mind and my body. I sit on the edge of my throne chair huffing and puffing, musically. The air bubbles attack the floor when he views me. “By the way, where’s your uniform?”
“My uniform?” I do not repeat that it lounges, very comfortably upon the broken sofa inside the nice bowed tied purple silk box inside my castle on Commerce. I unlucky sit on a Command Ship at Resort. I snort like a wild boar. I sigh with lucky.
“Your uniform?” Bartholomew repeats, staring at me…naw…my cute gray outfit.
“At the dry cleaners…,” I lie honestly, giggling. I wear, elegantly I might add in silence, the beautiful gray outfit of a circular skirt and sleeveless top that shows off my lean biceps along with the square starburst of diamonds around collar and waist all from thoughtful and handsome Rann. I sigh with emotions…that I shouldn’t possess.
“Where’s your uniform, Starra?” Bartholomew frowns at me as I giggle with delightful secret, viewing the black screen.
The comlen blinks to life as Ira’s fat rosy pink sweaty…(yuck-o)…cheekbones hog the screen. He says. “Bartholomew, we have engaged the enemy.”
Bartholomew nods. “Keep me posted, Bartholomew out!” I sigh with dread.
I connect, link, and Tele to Rann. My warriors?
Our warriors are strong. Holding the line against Dirk. Rann out! Rann connects, links, Teles then cuts…way to fast from me.
I stare at the view screen, seeing the flying zippers and carriers along the surface movement in the forms of purple dots against the orange sand, knowing. Citizens are dying. Warriors are dying. Friends are dying. I sigh with death.
A visible body in front of the window console hits the floor, yelling. “Incoming!”
I quickly hit the polished deck using a T-slap of Telekinesis with an invisible hand dropping Bartholomew beside me. I swiftly create a T-bubble around me and Bartholomew in a half of a blink of my eyelash…(I’m good)…as sharp glass fragments, pieces of metal parts from equipment along with red blood and white body bones crash into us from the exploding main viewing window, but all miss due to me. The dust clears when Bartholomew helps me stand.
He commands, finger pointing out the door. “Evacuate to the secondary bridge.” He swings his body towards the exit. I follow like a waddling baby duck out the archway, down the hallway, then around the wall corner, allowing the half-panicked and half-brave stupid non-Tele soldiers to surround and protect me. Bartholomew marches steady forward, without a musical trumpeter to the backup Command Center all the way across the diagonal ram ship about 1,245 feet…(yeah, I measured)…shouting and yelling orders. I sigh with aid.
I swiftly turn to the left and race like a thoroughbred horse to the docking pad, popping rapidly the driver’s hatch of my personal zipper. I jump in and forget about the slow engine warming and then T-flair with Telekinesis the ship and me. I silently lift the zipper vertically from the cold concrete flooring then shoot horizontally my ship out the great big portal hole flying free like an outer space eagle…(no such thing, ya’ll)…into the cold black outer space of minus 1000 degrees.

zipper. outer space. The intergalactic battle of the King’s pilots versus the Emperor’s pilots beautifully intensifies near the mouth of Bartholomew’s ram ship. I miff with annoyance inside the crammed cockpit. “I really don’t wanna be a part of your stupid-ass fight, but if you insist upon pissing me off all the way to the Wall. I will oblige your dumbo request.” I quickly pelt yellow, green, and red maser waves to the left then to the right while blowing a clear path for my ship along with Dirk’s enemy ships into tiny balls of purple and orange space dust. I congrats me. “I’m good at this.”
An array of yellow maser beams hit the underbelly of Dirk’s ram ship causing very little minimal damage from the attacking Agri carrier which also misses about 89% of its target. I aim, target, and fire my little red maser bombs directly at the big silver monster, brilliantly hitting the port side. Dirk’s ram ship tilts its belly like a kitty-cat wanting furry petting in a sideways pose while the numerous Commerce and Agri star ships assault the wounded prey like an army of ants on the wooden picnic table. I path my ship, identify the location, stalk my enemy, and plan a kill on my number #1 prey Dirk. I snort like a wild boar.
My comfone perfectly imitates Bartholomew’s bass drum with, “Starra, I order you…,” swiftly pulling the black wires on the comfone. Static paints the comlen.
I giggle and excuse my naughty behavior. “Sorry, faulty equipment, Your High-not-nice!” I T-view the figure of Dirk on the landmass of Resort, seeing the War front lines of battle moving towards the west direction. I note both Dirk and Rita path in the eastern horizon away from the intense bloody fighting action. Their carrier safely parks hidden between a set of two rolling hills of green grass and colorful wild flowers. I happily cheer in the cockpit. “Found ya.”

Resort. hilltop. hot day. two in afternoon. I park on top of the pretty grass and slap my suntanned legs with both palms and realize that I have no maser, sword, spear or club. Poor planning! I immediate feel the outline of the tiny dagger with the tiny diamond hilt, a gift from Rann, smiling like a devilette along with my secret T-powers. I ski on booted feet on slick grass down the hill towards the valley of flowers. I sigh with purpose.
Dirk senses me. He stops and turns his face, seeing darling me. He sneers like a junk yard dog as my Tele-eardrums pickup the subtle sound. I giggle then he soldierly stands while twirling gracefully his curved golden sword with his right hand then accurately aims the red maser in his left hand. The gently winds blow with hurricane force from the east. I quickly fold my body in a circle and elegantly somersault down the rest of the hillside then quickly jump, kitten-like upright. I view a toothy Dirk. I sigh with damage.
The winds increase exponentially as loose free flying swords, cloth tents, food cans and small pieces of cooking equipment from a nearby or two solider campout tumble in the air like a series of tornados and then smash along the grassy field like a metal bird inside the valley between Dirk and me. I retrieve an air-borne silver saber and a silver body shield from a blue sky, hearing a loud roar. I turn to the left with my freckles as an air borne fully dead zipper fills both my eyeballs.
I quickly raise my left arm perpendicular to the approaching ship until it suspends over my skull, and then T-flick with Telekinesis it like a house fly with my left wrist bone to my right. The zipper hurls straight at Dirk, missing him completely. He darts to the left like a scared deer in highlight when I hiss like a snake. Dirk laughs in a manly tone. I sigh with failure.
Dirk leaps, T-rex into the air like a missile, landing deftly on his two boots, galloping towards me like a 525 miles-per-hour speeding solar train, swirling elegantly his cloak around him for beauty and protection. He charges at me. I sigh with grit.
I T-jump forward, decreasing the math distance, greeting with a gritted smile our finally death match. Dirk vs. Starra. Starra vs. Dirk. Winner lives. Loser dies. Dirk fires red from the maser as my silver shield quickly eats the ray while regurgitating the heat back upon the coating of silver from the deadly impact. A single red maser wave causes a citizen or animal flesh to peel back down into their white bones with immediate disintegrate into nothingness. I sigh with fear.
His red wave after wave of vivid light melts my shield into silver streams of glittering goo onto the green grass. I run at Dirk while he frowns at the useless maser.
He arches the gold sword with both his hands over his skull as we meet with two inches of gold from my freckles. I swiftly jerk backwards my entire body bringing up my right fighting hand with the silver. We violently clash with the swords. Gold hits silver. 
A newly created set of twin silver shields drop down before my kneecaps by the sideways decapitation of my pretty round protection shield. I release the handle then two-hand hold my sword.
I swing my silver against his pale flesh, ripping his white uniform, scraping my silver blade against his baby soft skin from his left kneecap to his ankle bone. Red blood, pale skin, and red hair coat my silver. Yuck-o! I fall down my kneecaps, wiping cleanly the fresh flesh onto the pretty green grass, without gagging my delicious afternoon lunch.
Dirk jerks backwards from me, landing on his right good leg, babying his left foot with both his palms. I grin, smiling and taunt in my Earthling humor. “Simon says.” I sigh with retribution.
I jump, kitten-like at his lower skull, missing. He darts to the left when I miss his sorry butthole, again. I swiftly chop my silver at his temple, hitting his gold. The swords tarry left to right, blocking the gold. He cuts my arm as I puncture his bicep. We snarl like alligators, snort like boars, and sneer like two old junk yard doggies at each other along with the rhythm pattern of thrust. Step. Parry. Step. Forward. Step. Backward. Step.
The gold and silver sing in piccolo soprano. Pain. I swing my curls, seeing. Empress Rita grins, rising her bright red tainted fresh bloody gold curved blade. I T-scan my beaten body, finding the diagonal broken skin on my back muscles, containing new pink cuts and red stinging pain. I T-whip with Telekinesis the gold from Rita’s ten finger pads. Dirk glitters like a white ghost on my blind eyeball side to the right, slicing his gold across my four-pack abdomens, severing the gray outfit as it falls to the green grass. I sigh with fury. 
Rita lacks any type of T-flying ability with Telekinesis. She is only a healer, using her Telemetabolics, hence I battle one and a half Teles in the technical sense. I lung at the gold in Dirk’s hand with my tiny dagger, while I use my silver sword on Rita, missing both of us completely.
Rita elegantly jumps backwards in her fitted white uniform and nice white knee-high boots. I T-shove with Telekinesis her fanny towards the pretty hill…far, far away from me.
I gracefully twirl in my skirt and painfully throb from my wound and hiss like a snake at Dirk. Dirk doesn’t give up and slices his two-fisted sword parallel to my throat. I block that move and then saw my silver at his exposed and bleeding chest, adding another War-injury.
He swings in a circle as my second silver hit is a miss. Then, gold meets silver, again. We hit, nick, graze, cut, scratch, and scrape body parts of me and him on each other arms, legs, chest, neck, back, shoulders, and skull.
I swiftly drop red blood from my silver then back jump…way far, far away from Dirk’s gold, landing on a single kneecap upon the grass as Dirk cat-copies my elegant form. I feel the calm breeze with a hot sun upon the cool grass, wishing our fighting bout done. I bleed to death upon the hard brown rocks. I sigh with exhaustion.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
Dirk’s cloak ripples sideways in the air blowing on the left side of his back. His tunic beautifully shreds like satin ribbons upon his pale flat chest in the colors of red and pink gashes which draw diagonal, vertical, and horizontal on his body, complements of me. I giggle. His trousers are torn from his knee to the ankle bone on the left leg, then thigh to boot toe on the right side decorating in red and pink cuts and numerous bruises, forming into pretty blue colors against his pale skin.
I pretty on my body, too. My shirt top slices below the tenth rib of my rib cage. My skin bleeds in the directions of horizontal and vertical from both Dirk and Rita’s golden swords. My skirt splits from my left waist down to the top of my left thigh-high leather boot. I wear…used to wear tights over my legs and under my skirt, so I can twirl like a dancer. 
Anyways, my new set of gray tights are ripple in funny geometric patterns from too many whacks of metal and a few encounters with the Resort soil and rocks. My thigh-high boots marks really ugly with a set of deep punctures into the soft gray leather. I sigh with punishment.
Boom! The surprise explosion launches me like a bullet from a shotgun, flying me like a baseball in the air waves. I soar like a magnificent eagle twenty-five feet above the grass then lands me upright on both my leather boot soles like a mountain peak. I tuck my vertical body like an Olympic gymnastic rolling like a dough of bread over the hard brown soil, and finally stop on my back muscles like a dang dead funeral body. The loose brown dirt, hard damn stone pebbles, biting insects, pretty flowers, and soft grass rain down on me covering my freckles.
I protect by face with both hands and create a T-shield, burying me deeply into the Resort earth. I T-zap with Telekinesis, pushing the yucky muck away from my face, snipping little gulps of fresh oxygen as intense pain resonates from my soft pink scalp down to my cute pink-painted little toe. I sigh with agony.
I intensively feel his angry, fury, hate as Dirk soldierly stands over me. End my misery, please.
Dirk parallels both his arms to the ground, snarling like an alligator as it floats above me. I slightly shift my right hand from the ground as painful throbs paralyzes both my mind and my body. I T-levitate my Telekinesis raising one and one-half inches from the soil, then swiftly decelerate bouncing out of control, without any Tele-cushion back on the brown ground.
“Ouch,” moaning in pain.
I close my eyelashes, smelling the familiar odors of Planet Earth, breathing the rich aroma of fresh dirt, wild flowers, fresh fruit berries, green pastures, assorted wildlife, and woodlands forests floating around me on Resort. I feel a warm sun on my freckles, and fresh air in my tight lungs with a calm breeze cooling my tired body. I lounge lazy pondering the homesick scents, tastes, and senses of my cotton farm, my home at Starbuck Plantation, on Earth in Milky Way Galaxy. I open my eyelashes, viewing a suspended boulder-size zipper directly over my entire body. I will die, today.
“Save her, Rann,” Bartholomew shouts…far, far away.
I open my lips, “Kill Dirk,” returning back.
Dirk purposefully drops the zipper as It soars to the left sideways like a bird in gracefully flight towards the twin rolling hilltops of once pretty green grass and colorful wildflowers.
I hear a pair of boots violently trip over exposed hard rocks and big chunks of plowed dirt on Resort, moving far, far away from me then see his smiling face.
Rann whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Starra.” He sweet breathes into my face then wraps his steel biceps around my beaten and bleeding body. He cuddles me into the chest as my pain attacks my wounds then my brain cells.
I faint into darkness.

Day 63. Bartholomew’s castle. noble meeting. My future has been decided. My fate has sealed. My legal case has been debated and argued like an unpaid electricity utility bill, because the noble snot-holes have tried, convicted, and sentenced me, without me, being present in the meeting. I sigh with fury.
I quietly sit beside Bartholomew. He pats my right bandaged hand…(for show, ya’ll). He says, softly staring at me. “Starra, you committed numerous crimes against the Crown.”
I huff musically from pain…maybe…fury, too. “What crimes?” I know the crimes.
Ira sneers between Rann and Ty, being my body guards. “Disobeying orders, interference, threats, and many more pieces of evidence measured in terms of your treason to the Crown.” I sigh with angry.
“What evidence?” I know the evidence, too.
Ira sneers. “You allowed Emperor Dirk to escape.”
“I tried to kill him.” I know I didn’t.
“You failed! Your failure warrants punishment.” Ira nods. I sigh with nervousness.
“Stang!” I sneer…a little too loud.
Ira jabs his fingers at me. “Watch your language, young lady.” I exhale, wondering what that dang word translates into.
Bartholomew smiles. “We voted as a new democratic party.”
I scan the faces around King Arthur…Bartholomew’s round table.
My Tele-senses ping. Everything is fine, darling.
Bartholomew is happy while Rann is relieved. Ira is mad, but Ty is glad. Tok is neutral along with no votes from the dethroned Emperor Dirk and Empress Rita. I sigh with success.
“The results are tallied and concluded by a four to one vote in favorite of your punishment.” Ira nods, sneering his tonsils and jabbing two fingers at me.
“Your punishment is marriage.” Bartholomew smiles, tenderly patting my right hand with the fake soft white fluffy bandage.
I part my lips singing in piccolo music. “Marriage.” I rotate my neck muscles around the table using a quickly T-probe on the stupid nobles, except for Rann. He doesn’t smile. Not Ty, he smiles, nodding. I sigh with weirdness.
“Starra, you perpetrated many grievous acts against the Crown, including an act of treason. This noble committee has dissolved all the War-crimes that you have willingly committed and elected another option for you, marriage. Your punishment is marriage to the King.” Tok nods smiling at my happy ending.
Bartholomew swiftly stands as I glance at his sudden movement. He pulls my chair, scooting it around from the table and facing him, smiling. He leans into my face, sweet breathing. “Do you love me, Starra?”
I nod, not smiling. “I do.”
“Do you want to marry me?”
“I do.”
“Do you want my children?”
“I do.”
“Do you want to be my queen?”
“I do.”
Tok jokes with his stupid humor. “She’s got the ‘I do’ part down pat.” The nobles chuckle at me. I do not react.
Bartholomew chuckles then sings in baritone trombone. “Excellent.” He swiftly stands while I sit. He holds his arms parallel to the table, smiling and announcing. “We’ll be married in two days less than forty-hours from now, if my comlen is set, correctly,” chuckling along with the stupid nobles at his lame joke. I part my lips, viewing the wall then the skyline then outer space. I sigh with marriage.
Like magic, the black velveteen box appears in Bartholomew’s left hand. He carefully opens lid as it mice squeaks housing a three-carat princess cut sparkling multi-colored diamond. Bartholomew gentlemanly kneels on a single kneecap, grinning with a toothy, sweet breathing in my nostrils. “Lady Starra, I give this ring with my heart, soul, and future of our love, together. I love you, sweetheart.” He forcefully shoves the ring onto my swollen fourth finger of my left hand from too much water drinking. He kisses my left hand, not my lips as loud noble applaud fills the quiet room.
Bartholomew swiftly stands upon his boots, dragging lazy me upon my three-inched high sandaled feet, swirling his Royal green cape and male muscles around my weak dizzy and shaky body. I sigh with numbness.

Day 63. Starra’s castle. Living-room. cold night. eight in evening. I view the bright glitters, colorful sparklers, and vivid glimmers of the dancing, drinking, and partying formal long gowns and long jacket tails of male and female citizens in the background inside the comlen of my kitchen. I see the Royal Gala from my home while whining like I have stepped my high-heeled sandal in kitten poo on the sidewalk, “I’m not going, B.A.”
Bartholomew frowns, ordering via comfone. “You are coming. My future queen cannot miss the Royal Gala. My air ship approaches, now. Get pretty, Starra.” Static paints the comlen.
The door chime bong like a fog horn. The front door opens in silence as handsome Rann and Rann’s biceps strut manly into my eye view from the archway of the kitchen. I giggle with a girly twang along with kitty-cat curiosity. “Rann, what are you doing here?”
Rann wears his gold open vest and matching pants tucked into his spit and polish brown leather knee boots, smiling and strolling to me. “Bartholomew orders you to join the Royal Gala.”
I fold my naked biceps over my gray gown, pouting my lips, cute-like. I can’t be mad at Rann for anything at anytime and anywhere. I sigh with determination.
“If I didn’t agree…” letting the words hang like a kite in the air as Rann finger points the four Gbots floating one-at-a-time through my front door archway. I sneer like an alligator.
Rann advises. “I didn’t come alone, Starra.”
I stomp my right sandaled foot like a child, tightening my biceps over my gown, singing in piccolo music.  “This ain’t fair.”
Rann chuckles at my little kid behavior, grabbing gently my right forearm as I release it from my body, pulling me close into his chest. He sweet breathes on my cheekbone. “Nobody said that life was fair.” He smiles, still hugging me like his girlfriend. “Earth expression, I do believe.” He pushes me back from his heated chest while extending both his hands full length. He examines me from my silver tipped hair roots to my pink-painted toes, smiling. “You look beautiful, the true foto of a queen.”
I snort like a wild boar. I wear the designer gray slip dress from the Royal Coronation Ball of King Bartholomew. The ‘other’ new dress hangs out inside my closet like a beached whale for the Wedding Day, tomorrow. 
Rann curves gentlemanly his right arm as I princessly grab it for support and friendship, smiling. I quote in flute music. “We shall see.”
We stroll our foot pads like a prince and princess towards the air ship while the front door remained open from the grand entrance of the Gbots. 
Rann cocks his skull, leaning into my right eardrum and sweet breathes into my face. “You’re getting a good deal, Starra. Queen of the Universe. There’re lots of girls who’d love to be in your high heels, tonight.” I sigh with…not causing bodily harm.
“Thank you for voting against the marriage, Rann.”
He slowly shakes his skull placing his right hand over my right hand bug-hugging into his chest. “I didn’t vote against your marriage.”
I stop and sing in piccolo music. “What!?” I view him.
He swirls in front of me, “Starra, you committed high treason against the Crown. Ira wanted Dirk’s head served on a silver platter for the Royal Gala, tonight, but he was more than willing to settle for yours. Ira voted against the marriage. He realized that he couldn’t touch you, if you were married to the King,” pausing for handsomeness. “The discussion of your treason was very hot and heated. Bartholomew finally played his only Conqueror card. He’s the king. He decided your fate. Bartholomew loves you and has showed his love. Bartholomew saved your life, Starra.” I sigh with re-direction.
I blink my eyelashes once, twice then thrice, saying and smiling. “You saved my life. Thank you, Rann!” Rann smiles then tenderly grabs my right hand while pulling me to his chest.
We swing towards the open door.
He shrugs his shoulders, meekly words his courage and heroism. “Right place, right time! That’s all.”
I giggle, staring at the open door. “I taught you better than that, Tele-warrior.”
Rann chuckles, viewing the Gbots leading the parade as It disappears one-at-a-time into the darkness. I don’t have a working front porch light. He says, “I didn’t get to visit you, after the War had ended. Bartholomew had you confined to your castle and guarded by these Gbots. No one was permitted in or out of your residence. I was very worried, Starra. I tried to contact you by Tele-com. I couldn’t reach you through at mind-probe. I don’t possess Teleclairvoyance. But, I wished I did. What happened, Starra?”
I smile at Rann’s over protective side of my person. “I used a Tele-healing trance which is called Telemetabolics for the two days. I was unconscious from my broken limbs, ugly deep skin cuts, and tender bad bruises from Dirk’s perfect assault. By the time, I emerged from my deep slumber I was called to meet with Bartholomew and the other nobles, being escorted by bodyguards, both flesh and metal-kind. Rann, I knew I was in trouble. I just don’t realize how much trouble until I entered that room.” I view Rann.
We wait for the last Gbot to exit into the darkness.
Rann chuckles. “You fooled me. You were as cool as a cucumber and as sharp as a tack. I believed Bartholomew was a little bit concerned about your tart or sweet reaction to the Royal decision.” I giggle as he halts at the door frame. He faces me and whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings. “I didn’t want to alarm you about the vote. I had a backup plan in place. Ty and I had a team…”
“Stop! Please, don’t mention that, again, Rann. Bartholomew saved my life. I accept that fate, even in my new position…I might not…not be able to save yours.” I sigh with fear.
Rann nods pulling me into his chest, and whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings in my face. “Subject closed,” walking into the darkness towards the limo. “You have options. Everyone has options, Starra.” I sigh with commitment.

Royal Gala. Bartholomew’s castle. hot night. six in evening. The numerous trumpets sound. Many flutes toot during the rolling drums as skulls turn and eyeball stare at me on the arm of Bartholomew.
I feel, sense, see, smell, and taste the hate, the hurt, the harm as their dark of emotions bloom over my fair lightness of glam from all the citizens while painfully flooding into my Tele-mind. Bartholomew leads me to the middle of an empty dance floor as we start the first dance of the future royal couple. I sigh with alien.
I let Dirk and Rita escape from their capture as they foot-loose and fancy freedom hiding somewhere inside a dark and wet cave, inside one of the broken planets.
Starra, the heroine, the leader, the role model, the rebel, the noble, the failure, the loser, and the eye sore of the universe, is the fault. I sigh with alien.
Rann is the hero of the universe, saving the citizens, the king, and me. The War is gone and my Tele base is disassembled. All the Warriors are sent home, while the Military units are disbanded. Mothers, Fathers, and children are re-building their galaxy lives on different planets, re-learning new trades, trials, and tribulations.
Bartholomew and I end the first dance as the music stops. The musicians prepare the second tune when I quickly break free from Bartholomew padding swiftly towards the Beverage-bar.
Wbot drones. “What is your pleasure, my queen?” I sigh with depression.
I scan the little glasses of colored liquid, asking boldly. “I desire a drink that will kick, punch, and jolt my senses to life.”
Wbot places a tiny glass with brown liquid on the bar counter. “My queen, I have a special concoction for you.”
I cup the tiny smooth glass into my right hand then nosily slurp like a lizard the beverage down my tight dry throat. The liquid burns my throat, traveling down my esophagus and pours directly into my tummy. I violently cough, once and nosily wheeze, twice then swallow oxygen deeply to catch my breath.
I smirk and croak, froggy-like, fingering the empty glass. “Does this stuff come in a bigger glass?”
Wbot presents a ten-inched tall glass bottle filled to the brim with a brown-colored sparkling liquid. I grin and grab the bottle at the neck with my left five finger pads and a new empty large glass tumbler with my right five finger pads. I secretively stomp into a side door, that I only know about. I sigh with without company.

secret chamber. real hot night. eight in the evening. “Queen Starra.” I name with a slurry tongue, then re-phase, much better in more slurry tongue. “Starra, the queen.” I giggle silly and re-name with a superior slurry tongue. “Empress Starra.” I pour more brown liquid into the empty tumbler for any drink of glee and happiness. I giggle silly and name, “Starra, the farmer.” I frown then drink the brown liquid, then breathe deep for oxygen.
I slide off the loveseat, standing. I bend at my knees then wobble upright and stumble back down into the soft loveseat, giggling.
I connect, link, and Tele my thoughts into the galaxy. Up. Float. Levitate. 
The loveseat and I levitate eight inches from the floor, violently shaking side to side like an mini-earthquake. I drop me and it back down to the solid floor, giggling. “Wee. Wee. Wee. Fun. Fun. Fun.” Then, I invite some company to join me.
I connect, link, and Tele my thoughts into the galaxy. Bartholomew, your King. Your Queen calls.

Royal Gala. eight in the evening. Ira fingers the four flying objects, saying to Bartholomew. “Sire, the tables and chairs are floating in the air.”
Bartholomew poses beside Ira, observing the neat trick. “I can see, Ira. What’s causing the weird phenomena?” He scans the crowded and hot dance hall, where lots of heated bodies dance and dine happily enjoying the pre-wedding gala.
Rann chuckles along with Ty. They finger the flying objects, approaching and then stands between Ira and Bartholomew. Rann chuckles. “BA, your performing magic tricks are very entertaining, this evening. I’m very impressed.” The four flying object float to the floor, quietly.
Bartholomew shakes his skull, staring at the still objects. “The phenomena isn’t a magic trick, Rann. I don’t know what’s happening inside my castle.” The four quartet view the resting objects, a table and three chairs. Then, the furniture items float magically into the air for a second time.
Rann frowns at Bartholomew, asking. “You don’t arrange this stunt.” Bartholomew stares and shakes his skull. Rann says. “Hmm! I might have a hunch for this unusual disturbance,” viewing Ty. “What are you sensing?”
Bartholomew. Starra connects, links then Teles to the galaxy.
Rann and Ty grab earlobes feeling the painful sharp flute tooting.
Ty sings in tenor saxophone music, “Pain!” He removes his hands and asks. “Did you hear that, also, Rann?”
Rann views the wall, frowning. “Starra!?”
Ty says. “Starra!? Are you positive?”
Rann nods, scanning for Starra. “She’s doing this either for fun or torture. I don’t know, which.”
Bartholomew bad breathes into Rann’s nose profile. “Rann, what’s happening, here? Do you have an explanation?”
Rann views Bartholomew’s face, nodding. “I do. But, you’ll not like my answer, BA.”
Bartholomew stomps a boot toe closing into Rann’s face. “Explain.”
Rann exhales. “Starra is levitating the castle furniture.”
Bartholomew blinks his eyelids once, twice then thrice like he clearing his mind and bad breathes in Rann’s face. “Starra!?” He exhales, rotating his neck muscles around the crowded room. “Why would she perform a juvenile trick at our Gala? As a matter of fact, where is Starra?” He pauses for handsomeness then frowns. “I haven’t seen her for a couple of hours.” Then, Rann and Ty grab their earlobes for a second time as he asks. “What’s happening to the both of you?”
Rann pulls his index finger nails from his ear wax. “Starra!” He scans the walls for her aura. “She’s shouting your name in the air currents, using her Telepathy. However, only a gifted Telepath can hear it.”
Bartholomew bad breathes in Rann’s nose profile. “Why’s she playing these foolish games?” The dance floor violently shakes for…1 second…2 seconds then abruptly stops as bodies fall, stumble, and tumble on each other person, over the furniture, and on the floor.
Ty nods. “Starra is causing the aftershocks in the air waves, Bartholomew,” viewing Rann. “When strands of Telekinesis T-powers linger in the air waves, without a target, the waves will evaporate into the ground or sky, depending on how close they are to the planet. She must be a ground level. The vibrations are the aftershocks of Telekinesis waves that do not reach a target.”
Ira frowns at Ty. “Are you saying that Starra can shake this building into rubble?”
Rann nods, scanning the wall for a secret side door. The castle houses many secret chambers. “I’m saying that your gifted and beautiful bride can shake this entire planet out of the orbit, if we don’t locate her and stop her from releasing more violent and dangerous Telekinesis waves into this world’s atmosphere.”
Bartholomew bad breathes into Rann’s nose profile. “Find her, confine her…and remove Starra from my castle, but, do it softly and subtlety. Do you understand, Rann?”
Rann nods. “Yes, sire.” He back steps from Bartholomew and Ira grabbing at Ty’s arm then orders. “Ty, round up as many Movers and Trackers you can find in the crowd then have them start scanning the outer edges of the castle. Next, locate any Seers and Healers and begin searching every closet and hidden passage way. Starra is hiding, somewhere in the castle.”
Ty scans the walls. “Do you know how big this castle is?” He stares at Rann. “It could easily hold two ram ships and still have room to store several carrier and zippers, Rann.”
Rann nods, scanning the wall. “I understand our difficult task. Starra desires to be found. She’s calling for her groom. She wants him to play her mind game. Unfortunately, Bartholomew isn’t a Tele. He can’t play. Therefore, I’m going be the substitute quarterback in the game. Our plan’s simple. We trick Starra into accidentally revealing her secret location. Once, we can pin point the area, we got her.”
Ty smiles, slapping his hand against Rann’s bicep. “Good luck, Rann! I don’t know if Starra’s going to play along. She sounds confused and a little afraid.”
Rann chuckles tenderly patting Ty’s collar bone like a big brother. “My good friend Ty, you’re too well indoctrinated into the noble social setting. Starra’s intoxicated from alcohol. She doesn’t know, what she’s doing. This is all a game in her little perplexed Tele-mind.” They stop and see. Nine chairs, two tables, and more smaller pieces of furniture float for…1 seconds…2 seconds…3 seconds then violently land on the solid flooring as bodies stumble and fall on the floor. Then, the bodies upright and exit the royal castle. Rann commands like a general. “Move out and keep me informed of your progress.”

empty hallway. eight and few minutes into the evening. Rann connects, links, and Teles to her. Starra, where are you? Please, answer me.
Who this? I connect, link, and Tele to him.
Rann.
BA?
Bartholomew is not a Telepath. He can’t hear you, Starra. So, if you want to talk to him I can escort you to him.
Escort me! No thanks! Another trick by BA to see him.
You do not have to see him. Do you want to talk to me? I was bored at the party. I left. Tell me where you are at and we can talk in private.
No way! Trick me, also. Everyone tricks me. I…no like tricks. I…trick into marriage. Not ready marriage. No talk.
Rann violently slams his right shoulder into the wall as the floor viciously shakes for…1 second…2 seconds, then suddenly halts as Rann uprights and stands in the middle of the hallway.
Rann connects, links, and Teles to Starra. I am not going to trick you, Starra. You sound upset. You seem like you need a friend. I thought we were friends. I just want to chat with you.
I connect, link, and Tele to him. Chat away, friend.
I saw your wedding dress.
Ugly, ain’t it?
The wedding is about the bride, not the dress. You will look beautiful, Starra.
Good recovery, slick.
Starra. Queen Starra.
Not call me that name?
Queen Starra.
Annoying me for fun, buddy?
You should be happy, Queen Starra.
Not queen.
This is your fate, Starra.
Not queen.
You are destined to be queen of the universe, Starra.
Not queen.
What do you want, Starra?
Want more.
Being married to the king, you will have everything you ever wanted as queen, Starra.
Want less.
I don’t understand, Starra.
Want options.
What options, Starra?
Freedom, choice, and true love.
True love?
Yeah, baby!
Don’t you love Bartholomew?
Yeah, boy!
He truly loves you.
Diff between love and…true love.
Starra…in your Southern twang…are you proposing to me that there is a difference between love and true love?
Yeah, honey pie!
Explain, Starra?
True love gives to you…your heart, your mind, and your soul to one person for eternity and never looking back.
I understand, Starra. That’s deeply profound.
Love is love, here today, gone tomorrow.
I never viewed the term love in the ream of that context before.
Nobody does.
You don’t think Bartholomew has true love for you.
Maybe, darling!
You don’t feel true love for him. Am I right?
Right on, dude!
This is definitely a problem.
For who?
For me!
Who you be, man?
You don’t recognize my voice, Starra.
Game over, slick.
Rann has tracked her voice into an isolated hallway away from dance hall. He stands near the wall, touching and probing for the secret crack that leads into a secret chamber and teases her on purpose.
Rann connects, links, and Teles to her. Starra, you’re acting like two year old child, playing hide and seek within the castle walls and ring around the rosy with the furniture. You’re destined to be queen of the universe and wife to my best friend Bartholomew. Tomorrow, you’re going to marry a man who truly loves you in a public ceremony witnessed by all the citizens of the universe. This is your fate. This is your life. Accept it!
“Accept!” I yell in flute music, killing the east wall with the tall empty tumbler as glass breaks over the wall and floor. I scream in piccolo music. “Marriage!?” I kill the west wall with the almost empty bottle as liquid washes the floor and glass decorates the paint in a new design.
I swing my curls to the north wall while hearing a tiny mouse scratching with its four claws loudly at the wall. I slo mo focus both blurry eye balls on the exposed mouse, slowly chin whipping my face to the ceiling sky, noting that the king has big mice, here. Then, the big mouse violently jerks me by grabbing my right fighting arm to my sandaled feet.
He wraps his steel biceps around me, sweet breathing in my face. Rann whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Starra, wake up!” His face comes into clear focus this close to my eyeballs.
I grin and giggle goofy, singing in sweet flute music. “Rann…I…,” giggling and touching my wet ten finger pads onto his heated chest.
He pulls me closer to his face. “Starra, stop using your Tele-powers.”
 I stare at him. “Rann…I…” giggling and standing on my tippy toes. I’m five feet compared to his five, ten frame.
Rann presses his chest into my body. “Starra, stop shaking the building.”
I shuffle my ten finger pads upward behind his neck, smiling goofy. “Rann…I truly love you,” kissing his soft pink lips.
Then, I emerge and faint into darkness.

Day 64. Starra’s castle. warm day. ten in morning. “Uh…bright lights.” I throw my fugly ugly puke greenish-yellow bedspread off my pretty freckles. The bedspread was doing a good of blocking the bright yellow sun rays of the glorious morning beaming through the clean sparkling glass windows. I quietly return to light slumber, flipping my body to the side and closing my eyelashes. I sigh with tardy.
“Starra, are you awake?” Rann yells in his deep sexy baritone trombone within my hearing range, downstairs inside my castle. “Starra, please get up.”
I throw the puke green bed covers over the frame of the my mattress as it gently floats to the carpet. I shift my feet onto the carpet then wickedly wobble to the left side and plop my fanny back into a sitting pose onto the nicely made bed sheets. Shoes.
I view my feet while wearing my three-high heeled sandals on my naked feet bones and toes. Dress. And, I wear my gray slip dress,
I rip the right shoe off with my ten finger pads from my bruised feet, tossing the first shoe at the carpet landing in a silence sound, then the left one. I stand on solid naked sweaty toes and heels. I wobble like an older woman and stumble out the door.
Then, I tumble into the hallway, holding the two-foot dress train in my left hand. I steady my body against the wall with my right hand then zap a T-heal stream.
My T-healing doesn’t work. I sigh with trouble.
I stand slightly wavering to the right then compensate by shifting to the left and then studiously star at lazy Rann. He uncomfortably lays on the lope-sided long sofa facing me, flipping absentmindedly through my pink-covered book of love poems from Bartholomew.
He says. “Good morning, Starra,” flipping to the next page. “How are you feeling, today, milady?” He views me. “You’re wearing the wrong dress, princess.” Rann grins with a goofy smile and chuckles like a silly clown.
I present fish lips, ugly, steadying my body by holding the railing posts at the top of the stairwell. “I am not amused.”
He stares at me. “Either, am I?”
“Why are you…here…there…here?”
“I’m your bodyguard until the wedding hour.” Rann flips to next page.
I burn fire balls at him, singing in piccolo music. “Wedding!?” Rann views me when I pretend to not know or really care. “Is that thing, today?”
He swiftly stands, growling like a grizzle bear and steps a right boot towards me then stops. “That’s not funny, Starra.”
“Funny is awakening fully clothed in both your shoes and an evening gown,” wobbling side to side along the wooden railing of the staircase. I don’t feel good.
“That’s your fault,” nods Rann.
“My fault.”
“I dropped you on front porch, last night, and then left your castle.”
“Last night…I…,” have no memory of me, Rann, or the front porch.
Rann grins with goofy, folding his naked biceps across his muscular chest. “I’m not surprised.” I use my T-power of Telekinesis, shoving the long sofa measuring 1/64th of a tiny one inch, without coming close to harming Rann. I sigh with fury. He chuckles. “I suggest that you, not talk, run or levitate anything, today, princess. You seem not to be your usual perfect self, Starra. Just nod your aching head up and down, when the preacher asks, if you want to marry Bartholomew, Your Highness.” Rann re-seats upon the broken sofa, picking up the book and flipping though a couple of pages.
“Bite me!” I slo mo pirouette and snail-like walk down the hallway, sneering like a junk yard dog.
“I wouldn’t say that, either, princess.” Rann chuckles. I sigh with flame.

Starra’s bed chamber. ten in the morning. I soldierly stand at the full-length mirror in a wedding dress made like a Military tank minus the weapons and wheels, of course. Billions upon billions of tiny beads of pure white pearls are embedded onto my chest, around my waistline, and circling the plantation-shaped skirt, measuring twenty-feet from my fanny. I sigh with heaviness.
I passionately hate the dress, the building, the guests, the timing, the nobles, and love Bartholomew, but hate the blackmail of getting married, this way There are not any bridesmaids, flower girls, ring bearers, handmaidens, and ladies-in-waiting, noblettes, honor guards, Gbots, Mbots, Pbots, Hbots or other bots starting with a consonant from the language alphabet. I sigh with unhappiness.
The elaborate big fluffy white gown has been created and designed by Bartholomew with a breast bodice of pearls, a circular skirt of tulle, a light weight net fabric, consisting of fifteen layers of fabric. I look like a fake pregnant Moo-cow. There is 20-feet of train, adding 15-feet of tulle that equal 35-feet of fabric over 95-pounds of me…(yeah, I like math)…my pearl crown towers nine-inches over my skull plus six-inches of my freckled face gets you 15-inches of face time. I giggle silly with my weirdo math skills. I sigh with hold on, ya’ll.
I numbingly wear elbow-length satin white gloves that bands in three-tiers of pearl bracelets on each arm…(yeah, baby)…as I suck often for oxygen molecules with a tiny four-tiered pearl neck choker. And, then, I sweat wetness on my naked toe bones in the four-inched high heeled single striped white sandals. So, I math that I have artificially grown from five-feet, one-inch to six-feet, two-inches and weigh in at 110-pounds for my wedding day. I sigh with diet.
Rann sings in baritone trombone music from downstairs. “Starra!” He annoys for his fun, yelling. “You can be late, but the wedding will not start, without you, princess.” I eye roll, beautifully, since I can’t move my arms or legs for a swift kicking motion into Rann’s rear end, without wobbling sideways and then on the floor.
I whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings. “What’s up with that ‘princess’ pet name?” I pause for beauty while plotting a new plan. “Late! Delay the wedding, until tomorrow? Next week month?”
“Don’t even think about it, princess?” Rann reads my open mind then yells from downstairs.
I surrender that mental thought and stare at me and my dress, talking to my reflection. “Forgotten anything? The dress, the crown, the gloves, the jewelry, the flowers and the shoes…” I sadly scan my private bedroom, noting that married wives usually live with their married husbands, after the married vows. I sigh with unhappiness.
My gray cute outfit beautifully sparkles with an array of tiny diamonds on the hanger inside my open closet, a gift from Rann along with my new pair of gray thigh-high boots that glow in shiny soft leather, Another new gift from Rann preciously hides my silver dagger inside the sewn leather pouch of the right boot. I sigh with pride.
I smile wickedly, waddling like a baby duckling to the closet and whisper. “Forgetting something!” I carefully jerk the tiny dagger from its hiding spot, searching viciously the elaborate wedding dress with no pockets or no purse or no boots or no pouch. Then, I plop the front of the dress over my right collar bone, tying carefully the dagger into the white garter belt on my left leg. I giggle with a girly twang. I sigh with satisfaction.
Rann yells. “Starra.”
I waddle out the bedroom door into the quiet hallway then pose regally at the top of the stairs while Rann postures at the bottom step with his left boot on the last step.

Living-room. I watch Rann as he watches me do my baby step motion coming gracefully down each wood step in my wide wedding dress. He gentlemanly extends his right arm for my finale.
I flatly refuse for meanness and successfully touchdown on the solid floor, noting my personal bodyguard is quiet dashing in his new outfit along with his charming million smile upon his handsome face.
His white fabric sleeveless and shirtless split down the middle vest decorates diagonal with a black thick silk sash with a set of tiny colored pins for both honor and courage awarded by King Bartholomew. His arms burst with a set of rippling tanned biceps, matching his tight-fitting white trousers, neatly tucked into his spit and polished leather black knee-high boots. Rann is the best man at the wedding making he and Bartholomew best friends, again.
I exhale, stomping a right sandal, then a left sandal, then a right sandal towards the open door which is guarded by four Gbots. I say. “I’m ready.”
Rann elegantly whirls towards the front door, not shuffling his boot soles and holds his left palm open. “Give it to me, Starra.”
I suddenly halt then roughly twirl like a newborn baby elephant around, while the twenty-foot train gathers and attacks my naked toes, feet, legs up to my kneecaps. I view Rann. “I…” am not giving it up.
“You know, what I’m talking about, princess.” Rann rumbles in his sexy baritone trombone, holding his left palm steady.
“I…,” am keeping it.
“Your dagger. You’re not leaving armed, Starra.” Rann chuckles.
“I… might…need… it,” sneering.
Rann says. “There are no weapons allowed at the wedding. That edict includes the bride, princess.” He smiles. “The War’s over. It’s peace time,” holding his palm steady.
“No!”
“Hand it over or else, princess?”
I pout, cute-like. “You wouldn’t dare, prince.”
Rann winks, chuckling. “Try me, princess?”
I part my lips, narrowing my eyelashes, and then totally surrender. I can’t defend my person in my medical condition of weakness, using a maser cannon. The dress can’t engage my body in any type of physical hand-to-feet contact. And, my T-powers can’t engage my brain cells, either, in any type of healing-to-future connection. I sigh with defeat.
I order to Rann. “Turn around.” Rann flips his body towards the stairs. I plop the dress over my right shoulder then preciously pull my dagger from the garter belt. “Here!” I gently slide it across the floor towards Rann, not wanting to harm him. Rann swings around and stops the forward motion of my dagger with his boot toe. He bends at his waist, retrieving my precious gift. Then, he hides it inside the left side of his vest pouch, near his heart. I view him in my new bass flute. “I want it back, after the wedding.”
Rann closes the math distance, quickly grabbing my right waving hand, and man-pulls me close to his chest. He whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings into my face with a smile. “I’ll give the weapon back to you, after our honeymoon, princess,” chuckling then swings us towards the door.
We pad towards the air ship, while he whispers sentences of soft secret words into my right eardrum. I sigh with humor.

Auditorium. My wedding. Eyeballs studiously stare at the dress…naw…me as I stare ahead at the preacher and podium with a happy smiling Bartholomew, who besides a somber sad Rann. The dang twenty-foot wedding train drags for 1.1 second then catches for…1.6 seconds…and pulls for 1.9 seconds, after each sandal step of my foot. I violently jerk the soft fabric stretching the full length wedding train from my waistline backwards towards to the archway. I sigh with aggravation.
I sing in alto clarinet music. “Stang!” I soldierly stand waiting on the dress train to catch up with my fanny, when the overhead skyline window on the rooftop loudly shatters. I have wedding crashers invading my marriage ceremony. I sigh with annoyance.
Their wedding gifts…naw…masers flash in colors of yellow, red, and green beams. I stand and stare in both fear and fright, while the rebels surround me. I elegantly toss my bridal boutique of white rosebuds, threatening with a useless phase. “No offense handsome! But, get out of my face.” Rebel #1 smiles with pretty teeth between the black hood and struts to me.
I slap my empty hands into the air, missing, of course. He still advances to me, then the dress dangerously chokes me to death around my tender throat muscles. I swing my curls, seeing Rebel #2 land right upon my dress train. He whips the gold sword upward then downward slices my long train as I stumble perfectly into Rebel #1. I yell, “They want my dress.”
I back step quickly and then throw my crown, the choker, both earrings, and the twin bracelets at Rebel #1 as he dips then dodges then dogs his body to the right then to the left and pulls a wicked maser from his black robes. I beautifully yelp. “Help!”
I eye spot Rann fighting with two swords against four attackers at the preacher’s podium, while Bartholomew battles using one maser at three rebels with Ira assisting the King using a sword and a maser. I sigh with defeat.
I slam a tiny T-bubble around my dress…naw…me as a series of pretty electric blue waves attacks me, not the dress. I whisper. “They want me.” I mustard a limited amount of energy into my T-bubble, but blue stun rays penetrate every thing, every person, and every dang T-power I possess. I sigh with fear.
Rebel #2 fires blue, hitting my leg arm, my right arm, my throat, then my heart.
I faint into darkness.

Bonita. Tele Base building. heated day. four in afternoon. “Uh…bright lights…,” saying. I blink open eyelashes once, twice then thrice, seeing. Brown walls, a ceiling, and a floor, I am experiencing confusion and cluelessness. I sigh with numbness.
A stun maser is a very effective weapon in my professional opinion.  The maser numbs the body…(feeling, this now)…when the waves attack your nervous system of the victim…(that’s me)…and renders the body incapacitated for a range of short minutes to long hours, depending on the size of the wave.
A stun ray is very painful, since the nerves in your body sizzle with tingling pain…(feeling, this now)…then throbbing pulsations of heat…(this, too)…and, finally the cold jet…(not, yet)…streams of your fresh blood flowing into your opened veins within the arms, legs, neck, back, and chest.
I mentally note the familiar brown is Bonita. I sigh with worry.
The children under the age of sixteen years old along with their teachers, instructors, families, friends, relatives, guests, and bots actively occupy the rooms, the grounds, and the buildings. Once, the buildings had housed my Tele-warriors. Now, the new academic school on Bonita.
Uni and Bio both were lost during the mysterious ram ship attacks that occurred around the galaxy. So, Bio has been re-produced with their physicians, nurses, technicians, families, patients, friends, relatives, guests, and Bbots or bio robots, here on planet Bonita, where the medical personnel station, live, work, and play.
“Wake up, Starra!” Dirk whispers in his tenor saxophone into my right eardrum.
I lift my skull to see him. “I….,” am dead.
“Is she dead?” Rita whispers in her alto clarinet into my left eardrum.
I swing my skull in her direction. “I…,” am pretty.
“Shut up, Rita. I’m asking the questions, here,” Dirk commands in my right eardrum.
I flip my face to him. “I…,” can’t see.
“I want you dead, Starra.” Rita reminds in my left eardrum.
I stare at Dirk. “I….,” see white light.
“Is she blind?” Rita frowns at me.
Dirk says. “These are the effects of the multiple stunner rays. Her nerve endings tingle out of control, everywhere on her hands, arms, feet, legs, and finger pads. Her eyeballs appears blind. But, Starra is very much alive.”
“I, very much, want her dead laying face down in open dirt grave.” Rita sneers.
“Shut up, Rita.” Dirk retorts.
I flip my neck muscles towards the sound. “I…,” can hear you both.
“Your Telepathy is remarkable for an alien.” Dirk chuckles. “I find that I’m in need of some information that only an Earthling can provide to me.”
“I…,” cannot talk.
Dirk says. “I have surmised that you are indeed an alien from Planet Earth of the Milky Way Galaxy. You have entered our universe through the wormhole, here on Bonita. Can I fly into the wormhole and survive?”
“I…..” think yes.
Dirk will enjoy the wormhole ride, seeing the pretty planets of the Milky Way Galaxy then light speed travel successfully into Planet Earth’s deadly atmosphere with his stolen ram ship. Dirk can survive the wormhole, not Earth. Earth’s surface consists of batches of radiated air, lots of poisoned water, and plenty of heated soil.
If Dirk successfully flies through the wormhole and amusingly lands on Earth, he needs absolutely protection from the deadly radiation generated from the mighty solar sun. Dirk will definitely die after stepping his big toe upon the violent deadly and un-breathable exposed surface. 
Dirk should go into my galaxy and leave his universe, since I desire to stay here happy with my future marriage to Bartholomew and will be queen of the universe. Then, the universe will be quite happily-ever-after, without both Emperor Dirk and Empress Rita. I sigh with victory.
“I’m correct, Rita. Planet Earth works perfectly for our plans.” Dirk says into my right eardrum.
“A lie. A trick. Don’t trust her, sweetie?” Rita says into my left eardrum.
“I don’t trust her. But, I do believe her.” Dirk grins shoving a wrinkled ancient yellow paper under my nostrils. “Is this your home, Starra?”
“I…,” launch the space shuttle from the Earth biosphere Dall-Tex. I sigh with deception.
Dirk sings in tenor saxophone. “Starra, you have been most cooperative, kind, and hospitable to me. Thanks a lot!” He pauses for ugliness then says with a sad tone. “Too bad! I can’t return the goodwill,” winking at Rita. “Sweetie, I believe it’s your idea.”
Rita flips her face to the right and yells to her soldiers. “Set the fires…
“You…,” are cruel and inhuman.
“You’re right. I’m not.” Dirk nods, smiling. “This is Rita’s show. I’m leaving,” back stepping then soldierly pivots, marching across the wide open space, and exits out the door.
Rita replaces Dirk’s ugly face in my eyeballs and bad breathes in my nose. “Now, my pretty alien.”
“I…,” still am incapacitated from the rebel’s stun maser shots, paralyzing both my limbs, and voice, while I hear children’s whines of distress.
Starra, where are you? Rann connects, links, and Teles to me. 
I hear the citizens screaming, whining, moaning, complaining, shouting, and crying. They are inside the school buildings and the medical facility. The citizens are tied, bind, and bounded to secured chairs, table legs, bed posts, desks, and other hard fixed wooden or steel objects, while the burning hot fires produce stream of white steam and plumes of black smoke. I sigh with doom.
“I….,” smell a bad odor, taste nasty fire smoke, and feel my body heat.
Rita stands in front of me and studiously stares at the four walls, the ceiling flaming with colorful pretty red, yellow, and blue rays on the window treatments. She yells at her incompetent guards. “You stupid fools! We’re burning.” I cough from the tainted air.
Rann connects, links, and Teles to me. Starra, where are you?
Our pad!  I connect, link, and Tele to Rann.
The white smoke, yellow fires, black explosions, and invisible children cry horribly inside my Tele-mind, bombarding my eardrums, while surrounding me.
“I…,” cannot move.
Rita raises her left fighting fist, plowing it down into my left cheekbone.
My soft skin, tiny golden hairs, thick muscle tissue, red blood, and white bone neatly scrape against her beautifully protruding diamond square-cut engagement ring fingered on the index finger of Rita’s left hand. The nasty gashes exposes an opening on the left side of my cheekbone down to my left nostril when my face violently jerks to the right.
Rita salutations with a smirk, sniggering. “Good bye, alien!” She back tracks, scanning my face for the last time then swings her body.  She jogs out the burning building.
I faint into darkness.

Commerce. Starra’s castle. hot day. four in afternoon. “Uh…bright lights…,” moaning with pain and blinking open my eyelashes once, twice then thrice, seeing silver. I slightly sway my body inside a carrier, gingerly touching the mechanic plastic oxygen mask over my face. 
I slowly swing my curls to Bartholomew.
The carrier violently jolts, vomiting Pbot, and then admits a bright warm yellow sunshine and a pretty bright blue sky into the door. Bartholomew gently man-pulls me off the bench into his cape while cuddling me close into his chest.
I remove the oxygen mask, coughing heavy then swallow hardy, whispering like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Rita.” Bartholomew doesn’t grunt, word, or react, being his newest and latest adopted Royal management style. If you don’t mention it, then it never ever happened to you. 
I replace the mask over my nose and mouth, inhaling the rich pure oxygen, feeling the thick smoke and metal bits of solder particles inside my tight lungs. I slowly limp between his arms into my castle.
I park on the lope-sided inside the broken long sofa as he kneels on one knee, viewing a  somber, serious, stern Bartholomew. He orders. “Stay here. You’ll be safe.” Bartholomew tenderly kisses my dirty sweaty forehead, standing swiftly and swinging roughly towards the door and exits completely within the eye sight. I sigh with numbness.
Bartholomew has issued his order with no terms of sweet endearment, honey, darling, dear, babe, sweetheart…naw…me. Empty words. There is no love, compassion or understanding, here.
I did not attack the citizens and structures on Bonita. King Bartholomew ordered the school and hospital opened, while the teachers, students, and their families plus the physicians, patients, and bots stayed there on his Royal Wedding Day. I just walked down the long aisle, then got captured. I sigh with failure.
Fine! I will stay put, here inside my castle, out of the way. I’m not invited to attend the War and will behave with a goody-goody attitude.

I flash past, mentally into the first alien-timeline when I invaded the galaxy via a crashed space shuttle and changed events, creating an alternative alien-timeline. I flash present, mentally that I can fix the second alien-timeline.

I laboriously climb the thirteen stairs…(yeah, I counted)…pulling the heavy oxygen tank, and path into the lavatory, seeing ugly me. My dress rips to my kneecaps with a set of multi-colors of a lovely rainbow consisting of black smoke, brown dirt, red blood, and white lint. The set of beautiful pearl jewelry, white gloves and white sandals are all gone with the fire. I perfectly imitate as the bride of Frankenstein, gurgling like a drowning lion seal. 
Rann would appreciate my lame Earth humor, knowing. I am alien Starra, not Lady Starra. I wished Rann was here. I wished I was with Rann.
I tap my T-power of Telepathy then halt.
I exhale knowing that Rann and Bartholomew are fighting with Dirk and Rita somewhere, someplace, and somehow on some planet, without me. I base that on Bartholomew’s brief short ugly vocal message. “Stay here. You will be safe.” I sigh with defeat.
I clean my body and change into my soft gray uniform, pulling my new thigh-high boots over my long legs, touching gingerly the empty pouch. Rann preciously holds my gift near his heart. I sigh with concern.
I eye burn the mark of distinction given to me by Empress Rita. A crimson red cut beautifully slices from my left cheekbone across my freckles to right side of my nostril, exhibiting prettily a solid stark white bone fragment. 
Rita didn’t break the bone.
I nosily slap both hands, together, using a T-flame of Telemetabolics. I vigorously rub my hands into a bright red hot and heated glow occupying all ten finger pads curing this baby. Then, I painfully grab my face.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I slowly remove both my hands, vanishing the baby scratch. I smile beautifully. No cuts, bruises or scars. I sigh with approval.
I happily dash my body downstairs, plopping my booted feet on the lope-sided sofa. I gingerly test my T-powers for any malfunctions.
I levitate the pink-covered book of love poems to the ceiling with a T-shove of Telekinesis. I close my eyelashes and think mentally of the battle…far, far away in the distance then halt.
Teleclairvoyance is a funny Tele-gift, because the current events revolve around a set of other events that can change the final outcome. I rarely employ Teleclairvoyance.
I T-tap with Telepathy to communicate and locate people, places, and palaces. I use Telekinesis to levitate objects and offenders. I use Telemetabolics to heal people and predators.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I Tele to the galaxy. Is Dirk going to die?
No.
Is Dirk going to leave me?
Yes.
Is Rann going to die?
No.
I nod, whispering. “Good to know.” My Teleclairvoyance works perfectly.
I happily clap my hands together, standing swiftly, and stretch my limbs in the directions of vertical and horizontal while I accidentally kick the upright oxygen tank sideways to the floor. I feel refreshed, strong, alive, tough, and resilient in both body and mind. I gingerly touch the oxygen tank, seeing an array of colored visions playing in my mind through my eyeballs.
I fall downward and hit the long sofa, staring at the wall. I see people inside my mind.

Starra sleeps and slumps her skull sideways, and showing a big red bloody gash across her freckles. She is tied by a set of thin strong ropes around her waists behind her back in the rear panel of the square chair, surrounded by yellow fire, black smoke, and white steam inside the former Tele Base building. The front door splits down the middle with a sharp axe coupled with T-force of Telekinesis as Rann rushes into the room, yelling loudly for her. He carries the oxygen tank then coughs. He screams for her then breathes fresh oxygen from the mask. He removes the oxygen mask and shouts for her. He jogs deeper into the wide room then locates Starra. He rips the panels off the wooden chair with his Telekinesis and then cuts the ropes with his dagger from her wrists. He places the oxygen mask over her face. Rann quickly lifts and cuddles Starra into his steel biceps, hustling out the burning building towards his zipper.

I nosily gag, coughing once and breathing deeply. I feel, see, taste, and touch the pretend dreamy smoke fumes, staring studiously at the oxygen tank. I quickly jerk my hand free and ponder deeply.
Rann had touched the oxygen tank. His essence, his memories, and his mind traces had been absorbed by the metal object, which I had accessed by my Teleclairvoyance seeing and re-living the past few hours.
I close my eyelashes and touch the cold metal.

Rann carries Starra to the zipper then violently launches from dirt pad as the fire chases after the metal. He watches in horror the yellow fires, blue explosions, red flames, and blazing fire storms consume the new school buildings, hospital structures, formal training base, brown trees, green bushes, and crying citizens. He stomps the hyper drive engines soaring into a cold black starry outer space with only Starra.
They all died, including the school children, school teachers, medical personnel, medical patients, loving parents, caring guardians, and good friends from Dirk orders. He and Rita herded and rounded up the residents, guests, workers, and relatives, gagging and tying the victims to the furniture inside the new structures after Starra’s wedding attack, her kidnap, and her final escape from Bonita.

I close my eyelashes and touch the plastic mask.

Rann taps his zipper on the landing pad at the royal castle, carrying Starra to Bartholomew. Bartholomew appears unhappy, wearing his white new uniform with the black sash of colorful medals and pins. He accepts an unconscious Starra wearing the fresh air oxygen tank.
Rann stands soldierly, saying. “Where?”
“Sahara.”
Rann asks. “Any orders, BA?”
“Dead.”
Rann exits through a secret side door from the throne room, while Bartholomew slowly walks towards his carrier ship with Starra.

I snap open my eyelashes, seeing my right hand on the oxygen tank, understanding my storybook begins with the last vision. I greatly admire this too cool, Teleclairvoyance stuff. Maybe, I should practice it more often, grinning. I sigh with excitement.
I close my eyelashes and place both hands on the oxygen tank. I T-view the future event.

The streams of black smoke come from piles of red fires. Silver and gold swaying swords come from lots of dead bodies. Pairs of flying ships deliver red maser waves hitting above, below, and around a familiar golden three-tied mansion, standing, alone, in the bright orange sands of Sahara.
I see an angry Rann, a smiling Rita, a nervous Dirk, a sweaty Ty, and a galloping Starra.
 
I T-cut the Teleclairvoyance and jump, kitten-like from the sofa with the oxygen tank in both my hands. I yell. “I’m there!” I swing the tank on the soft fabric sofa then gallop like a horse to my personal zipper.
I engage the cold engines, silently blasting off the patio and path to Sahara.

Sahara. Rann’s castle. orange heat. five in evening. The silver ram ship of Bartholomew glistens like my princess diamond ring on my fourth finger pad from the bright solar sun inside the Sahara orbit. I watch the vicious ticks of colorful yellow, red, and green shots of masers, playing tag with Dirk’s three ram ships.
Both vessels swat at the numerous tiny pests of Bartholomew’s zippers, carriers, passengers, and freighters space craft, dwindling Dirk’s stupid empire. The rim of black outer space prettily fills with zipping, junking, dunking, and careening silver and gold star ships.
I dodge, dog, jerk, and jolt violently my personal zipper away from Dirk’s Sky Troopers, hearing with my big Tele eardrums, the voice of Bartholomew spit commands in his bass drum timbre inside his ram ship. I observe, monitor, and watch citizens viciously die from every beautiful release of an assortment of colored maser bombs and beams totally barrage and bombard onto the hot orange sands.
The real Sahara natives are sand spiders and sand snakes. Its bite of sting tip or tooth fang is poisonous, if the toxic encounters your flesh, bone or blood.
No cure. No antidote. No hope. You die. Period. I sigh with death.
Rann’s castle prettily plays host to colorfully intensive hand-to-hand, maser-to-maser or sword-to-sword combo fighting within the interior or exterior levels of the castle battling each other. Dirk’s Rebels versus. Bartholomew’s Warriors.
I perform a 180-degree turn back towards Rann’s castle, making a Starra executive decision to help both Dirk and Bartholomew. I giggle, activating the electric blue weapon switch on my personal Rann-designed and Rann-paid billion-dollar super duper zipper with war-designed new toys. I sigh with affection.
I access the comlen screen, measuring the body heat, temperature, and biomedical track of the Rebels then carefully listen on the comfone space lines for the inter-galactic and intra-galactic transmissions. Then, I aim and pinpoint the stun maser precisely at all these warrior-targets.
I didn’t want take sides, here. Both, the Rebels and Warriors are the citizens from the same galaxy. I ponder Rann’s location, here on Sahara. I might have to save him…naw…he might have to save me.
Rann seems to continuously compliment, help, assist, assure…(breathe)…provide, protect, and saving me from every bad person, bad place, and bad thing in universe. I sigh with happiness.
I zoom fast from the high orbit into the baby blue sky, soaring down into the bright orange sands, sprinkling the mellow blue light over the stupid kong-foo fighters as I have fun, giggling. “Have a nice nap, boys and girls!” I sigh with delight.
Help! Ty connects, links, and Teles to any one through the metaphysically space plane.
I roughly bump and then gracefully slide my zipper across the patio pad, and then finally stop the star ship. I slap the hatch open then leap, T-rex into the air waves.
I twirl into the air then deftly land on two boot toes, galloping like a ram ship and scooping up a silver sword in my right hand, and a maser in the left. I dash towards the third level of Rann’s castle, hearing the yells of pain and pings of fire.
I hug my body in the darkness against the wall as my eyeballs adjust, then trip over Nat, crying nasty. “Stang, man!”
 Nat jerks me onto the flooring. “Shh!” He sings in tenor saxophone music into my right eardrum, while I hide with Nat and other warriors behind a tall stack of chairs and tables.
More of Bartholomew’s Warriors gather around us, we eyewitness Dirk’s Rebels, wearing uniforms of red, swords of gold, and masers of black. They invade, attack, and charge along the third tier at someone. I sigh with blindness.
The Sahara palace designs like an elegantly stair case of steps. Each level goes higher and wider up into the previous floor. We hide on level three, the Prisoner Living Quarters, Playtime Recreational Rooms, and Mealtime Mess Hall…(yeah, I read)…and the secured landing pads for carriers delivering a set of newly convicted criminals to the “Prison Planet.”
The exterior walls are destroyed with an array of big and beautifully red tinted maser blasts that don’t reach into the interior thick walls…(duh, a prison for prisoners). The interior walls line with a group of vicious Rebels, who enjoy masering at Ty and his small band of Warriors.
Ty and his Warriors are trapped inside the small individual jail cells with see-though steel bars and air molecules protecting them. Broken table ends, pieces of chairs, and ash-covered fabric on sofas scantily cover Ty and Ty’s girls and boys, since Dirk’s little girls enjoy picking them off one by one with both an accurate slo mo pace. I sigh with rage.
A Mover is the secret Tele code-name assigned by Rann for our Tele-warriors, who are gifted with the T-power of Telekinesis. I connect my eyelashes to each Mover in the small crowd and silently motion with my left hand for them to fall behind me while forming a horizontal line across the hallway wall. I stand on the opposite end of Dirk’s Rebel line, first in my new duckling line-up while plotting my Tele-rescue of Ty and Ty’s warriors.
I squat as the Movers squat, too while everyone aims their masers at the enemy. 
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
One…two…three…fire! I connect, link, and Tele to the Movers.
The desks and table magically lift by Mover T-power of Telekinesis, when the Warriors shot many stunner waves at Dirk’s Rebels, without causing any bodily harm.
Ty doesn’t hear any more zinging pings of maser fire then cautiously peek-a-boos around the battered table, grinning at us. He stands, walking through the unconscious Rebels, viewing their face. Then, he pads to me, bowing for honor and respect. “My many and gratefully thanks to your properly timed and swiftly executed service, Commander!”
“My pleasure, Major!” I beam brightly with saving life, not taking death.
Ty roughly pats my naked bicep. I wear my gray sleeveless top and straight skirt belted with the row of tiny diamonds paired with my gray thigh-high leather boots given to me by Rann. Ty looks at the sleeping bodies. “I’ll take care of the clean up duties.”
“That’s a deal,” nodding. I hate doing domestic chores.
“Starra,” his deep bass drum echoes from the intersection wall and corners, advancing nosily in his black knee-high polished boots, wearing the white tunic and matching trousers neatly tucked into his boots from our interrupted wedding, this afternoon. I body spin to an unpleasant, angry, and sweaty sunburned face from the hot sands of Sahara Bartholomew. He yells at me. “I gave you, a direct order. Stay home!”
Ty stands in front of me, smiling and nodding. “Sire, Starra saved our lives.”
I frown at BA. “You forget to say, please, BA,” chuckling along with Ty, the warriors, and the rebels snigger. I outfoxed the fox.
Bartholomew violently snatches my naked forearm and viciously jerks me into his chest then looks into my eyeballs, yelling for all eardrums. “The War is over.”
I woman-pull gently from his stinky and sweaty face, feeling his fury and seeing his angry. Bartholomew sneers like a vicious junk yard dog at me. I belay my awesome T-power to land his five feet and ten-inched frame eating the dirty floor tile. I eye-scan Bartholomew’s Warriors and mentally receive some nasty Tele-talk from the consensus, “put the King in his place,” especially from the Tele-warriors. I mentally switch my thinking gears and purposefully submit to the King’s will, rule, and kingdom. I sigh with calmness.
I smile easy. The remaining and alive citizens appreciate their lives and appreciate beauty, brains, brawn, bravery, bold, brazen, brassy…(breathe)….babe, benevolent, benign, believe…boring me. I giggle.
Bartholomew quickly rushes us off the third level, down the second tier, plowing through the bottom stairs while we dash to the royal zipper.

Sahara skyline. Bartholomew motions with his right hand to Pbot as it ignites the engines. He huffs, musically, without using my lovely name. “Get in.” I obey and slide into the soft leather, slamming my side of the hatch. Bartholomew enters from the opposite door.
I view the orange sands, not him, questioning, sourly, “Did ya capture Dirk by chance, darling?”
“Yes!” Darling Bartholomew lies honestly.
I view the shifting orange sands of forever on Sahara, and then the new Bartholomew of the second alien-timeline. King Bartholomew is not the fun, carefree, happy, and proper gentleman from the first alien-timeline. He’s uptight, sad, mean, rude, jealous, revengeful to me, Rann, and other citizens of the new galaxy, just today. I’m not counting the first days of this time-line.
I emotional feel some type of heart caring love, but not true love for the new Bartholomew. I whisper, softly. “Love is love, here, today, gone tomorrow.”

I flash past, mentally into last night, when I moved 163-chairs, 15-tables, the castle’s west wing foundation concrete slab about six inches with fifteen citizens by my awesome Telekinesis.

Bartholomew wasn’t happy about my solo Tele-performance, last night, as old faithful friend Rann had whispered softly into my right eardrum inside the royal air ship, during our ride towards the wedding auditorium. I had consumed a substance called whiskey, a brown-colored alcoholic beverage. I had drunk three full bottles of the stuff. 
Rann sniggered to me that the first bottle should have incapacitated my T-powers. The second bottle should have knocked me, unconscious. After consuming a third bottle, I should be dead.
This stuff is not prepared under the best of sanitary conditions and contains way too many deadly poisons and toxins within vile mixture.
I giggle at my silliness of silly past mistakes, when Bartholomew hears me, jerking his angry face and snarls like an alligator at me. Then, he turns his face away from me, and looks out the window upon the orange sands. I eye roll, beautifully then twist my pretty face watching the dancing orange sands of heated Sahara, automatically day-dreaming about its hot sexy male master. I sigh with hotness.

Last night. “Love versus true love,” he told me these sweet words into my face, last night, during my crazy magic trick. I smiled into his dancing eyes, expressing my love and giving mine everything, including my heart, my mind, my emotions, and my soul to one man.

I gasp, whispering inside the air ship viewing the blue sky. “I truly love you…”
Starra! Rann connects, links, and Teles to me.
Rann! I connect, link, and Tele to him.
Then, I T-beacon upon a faint light around Rann and then use a T-slap of Telekinesis, pressing the navigation switch on zipper’s comlen panel. I steer and path the carrier in the southeast geographical desert of Sahara. Pbot automatically alters the direction, since It is an obedient machine, without Bartholomew’s detection.
Bartholomew isn’t being co-operative, today, with any of my genius ideas, plans or successes. And, I’m not leaving Rann, without checking on his medical condition, first. He’s my best friend in the galaxy. I sigh with friendship.
The carries quickly travels us towards the programmed destination. I see with my regular eyeballs, a tall female, a tall man, and an injured male within the sands. I forcefully slap at Bartholomew’s bicep, then finger my viewing window, commanding. “Bartholomew, look! I see Dirk, down there, and Rann’s with both Dirk and Rita. We can capture them, now, and really end the War, foreverly,” giggling and nodding and smiling.
Bartholomew snorts like a wild boar, looking out his window, voicing with a) sore throat or b) tight angry. “There’s no need. We’ve taken his ram ship. Dirk has no transport to escape from Sahara. The Sahara forces will capture both him and Rita.”
I view the comlen, determining the Sahara search and rescue vessel is…way too far away, shaking my curls, tossing my arms, viewing him with annoyance. I say with concern and worry. “No time, Bartholomew! Rann looks hurt, maybe, seriously injured.” I swing my curls at the robot, ordering. “Pbot, descend the ship.” Pbot immediately obeys my command, switching the gears as it de-accelerates the carrier-ship swiftly following my queenly commands. I worry about Rann being near Dirk and Rita. I sigh with concern.
“Pbot, belay that order.” Bartholomew checkmates the almost queen of the galaxy.
I swing my curls at him, growling like a dying dog. “Why?”
Bartholomew smirks viewing Pbot’s round metal skull when the bot manually alters the change towards the original path, Bartholomew’s ram ship. He says. “Rann can take care of himself.”
 I snarl like an alligator, then pant heavy huffing air molecules while holding back my killing T-powers from murdering BA. “Stop the dang ship, Bartholomew.”
Bartholomew shakes his skull, smiling, and commanding to the almost-queen. “I said no, Starra! We both have a set of Royal duties to perform for this special occasion. The War has ended. We’re heading towards the ram ship for home on Commerce,” nodding.
I ball my hands into folded fists of white. “O! We both have a set of Royal duties to the citizens, which is fine and dandy Bartholomew. What about your duty of friendship to Rann?” Bartholomew hasn’t truly forgiven Rann for his dead sister and has decided to let Rann die. Or, worse, let Rann die, let Dirk escape, and blame it on Rann’s Sahara Honor Guards, and then marry me, living happily after-ever in his galaxy as King, foreverly. 
Bartholomew views the window, saying softly. “Not today, this is Rann’s world. There’s a rescue party searching for him. The ship will be along within minutes. We have other duties to attend, Starra. Don’t worry your pretty little head over it, dear!”
I slide away from Bartholomew towards the edge of the bench seat at the door hatch, feeling the cool metal with my right bicep. “We. Assist. Now. Bartholomew. ” I sigh with fury.
Bartholomew brushes visible white lint from his white trousers, commanding the almost-queen. “My direct order, Starra.”
I command as almost-queen. “Royal duty stands freely for all of honor, trust, and friendship, King Bartholomew.” I swallow the thick mouth saliva while squashing my folded fists in and out with my fingernails cutting into my delicate palms. Bartholomew looks at me blinking wet tears inside his eye sockets. I command. “Pbot, halt the stang ship.” Then, I Tele-freeze the engine gears, ensuring the carrier ship halts in a mid-air hover with an elegant sway in the cool breezes on Sahara. Bartholomew reaches his left arm for me when I back scoot into the metal hatch.
Bartholomew acts really dumb, parting lips. “What are you doing, Starra?”
I touch the handler upon the hatch. “Saving Rann!”
Bartholomew drops his mouth. “Starra, if you leave, you’ll never be queen in my universe.” I view a teary-eyed Bartholomew, use my T-slap of Telekinesis, swinging the heavy hatch upright in a mid-air hover.
I leap, T-rex into the beautiful blue sky, gathering the gently air currents around me, gliding like a bird to the ground. I prettily land onto the sands on my boot toes then bend at my kneecaps, rolling into a ball to absorb the body shock of the impact. I twist my body sideways into a stoppage spot inside the hot sands. I jump, kitten-like upright, shaking the loose sand from my hair and my clothes. I T-scan with Telemetabolics, ensuring completely there are no broken bones, open flesh cuts or a tiny skin scratch. I do find a bruised heart. I sigh with disappointment.
I Tele-sprint as I Tele-view, seeing in the distance. Dirk twirls the twinkling golden talisman around Rann’s forehead. The Talisman unleashes T-powers within any and all living life forms.
Rann has already unleashed his T-powers, tapped by the Rosa’s Talisman by me. Then, the opposite reaction will affect Rann. The Talisman might just suck the life out of him.
I Tele-pace towards Rann, engaging an obstacle, Rita. I wickedly grin upon my pink-painted lips, since Rita does not see me. She busies teasing and baiting Rann with her ugly verbal abuse and empty death threats. I sigh with surprise.
I charge, first grabbing swiftly her left forearm and swing her gracefully to face me. I elegantly plow my folded right fighting fist into her pale pointy pretty nose. Rita stumbles then fumbles then tumbles backwards from me landing like a ton of white bricks on the orange sands, deciding to sleep. She amusingly will miss me beating the heck of Dirk. I giggle with a girly twang.
I gallop like a race horse along the sands, thinking about poor Rita’s new painful black and blue bruises from her upcoming re-constructive facial surgery. I softly cheer, “Payback is great!” I grunt like a dying dog upon seeing Dirk’s back muscles.
He hovers over an injured Rann, while I hear with my big Tele-drums. Dirk bad breathes into Rann’s closed eyelids. “Today, you will die, Rann.” He had stabbed Rann with his gold dagger into Rann’s left shoulder, pinning the prince to the orange sand. Dirk rotates the dizzy Talisman in air over Rann’s forehead. The talisman will suck all of Rann’s T-powers from him into Dirk’s sick rotten mind and damaged body parts. Then, Rann will die. Period.
“Die. Not today, prince!” I whisper on my pink-painted lips.
I perform a single cartwheel then two forward flips of my taunt body, then upright my shoulders and stand. I step my right boot toe forward and kick the snot out of that twirling talisman, launching it like a Game ball into the blue skies towards a small water hole. The water is surrounded by sand spiders and snakes warming their cold bodies in the hot sunlight. I sigh with awesomeness.
Man! I should play on one of the Game teams as a Game-kicker, giggling. I T-see the round Talisman rotates, then twirls, then swirls, then spins, and then soars 10,000 feet away from me. It splashes into the water hole, not even scaring the deadly snakes or spiders.
I dance upon my left foot, my right foot, my left foot, and then kick with my right foot the snot out of Dirk’s nose as red blood spurts into the air, then lands on me, him, and the sands.
Dirk slumps sideways, unconscious. I sigh with reward.
I giggle. “Not today, Dirk.” I body spin to Rann, noting dangerously the approaching sand snakes and spiders slowly on the left and right of Rann. The creatures smell the fresh blood for lunchtime.
I T-flair with Telekinesis, gently lifting the real inhabitants of Sahara into a nearby blue watery fresh lake. This planet is their home world. I respect all kinds of life on every planet in every galaxy. I sigh with nature.
I drop to my kneecaps, examining Rann’s semi-conscious state, seeing the bloody wound. Dirk’s dagger has penetrated deeply into Rann’s seven layers of fleshy skin, taunt muscle, a few soft blood veins, stopping at the bone, nicking a few fragments of broken bone that dances around his blood stream. I sigh with fixing it.
The dagger coats with three tiny droplets of Sahara snake poison, Dirk’s favored form of death for his enemy. I swiftly work to save Rann, noting seconds until a swift and quick death of Rann’s life.
I firmly press both my palms upon his chest and viciously T-jerk with Telekinesis the dagger out of Rann’s left shoulder bone, hearing a faint vocal moan. I painfully slap together my two palms and generate a T-sizzle of hot intense heat of Telemetabolics, treating Rann’s open shoulder wound. I locate the contaminated poisoned snake-blood floating around his bones and his tissues. I sigh with danger.
The snake poison is a dark brown-color tint compared to Rann’s bright red healthy thick blood. I collect the bad blood, flowing the strand of poisonous venom into Rann’s liver, processing the deadly toxins quickly out of Rann’s biological system for his survival. I lacerate Rann’s shoulder, floating his many tiny bone fragments while building it back into a shoulder bone and connect the severed blood veins into a formation of concatenation. I sew the ripped muscle tissue around the bone, repairing completely Rann’s shoulder, seeing. The growth of healthy muscle, red blood flow through the veins, all mend the skin tissues. I T-scan with Telemetabolics and check the healthy cells. The cells increase the blood flow into Rann’s brain, his heart, both his lungs, and a working liver. The liver purges his internal organs of all remnants of all the snake toxic poisons. I sigh with duty.
The seven layers of fleshy skin astoundingly re-generate and form a thick healthy top epidermis on Rann’s left shoulder, slightly darken from his original coffee-colored skin tone…(not perfect). I apply more intense T-heat, cleaning the open wound of newly developed brown crusted scabs, blue bruises, and lots of discolored yellow skin tissue. I remove both my palms from the healed wound then pause for beauty at homework assignment, giggling.
I T-trace gently with Telemetabolics, touching tenderly with my right five finger pads upon the left shoulder, providing more heated and warmed skin melanin, watching Rann glow in light. I smiling sweetly at him. No cuts. No bruises. No scars. I sign with pride.
Rann slightly shifts both arms and legs then uprights upon his elbows, staring at me. I lean into his face and whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Geez! You’re going to live, Rann.” I pull back and laugh with a girly tone.
“I heard that, Starra.”
I clap my hands, smiling, feeling true love. “Good! I’s gots your attention, prince!”
Rann scans the desert sands, then returns his eyeballs back to me. “What happened, Starra?”
I finger at an unconscious Dirk singing in flute music. “Dirk!” I giggle and grin then lean happily into Rann’s face and whisper. “But, don’t worry! He can’t hurt you, ever.”
Rann drops his mouth, shaking his skull. “Help me up.”
I stand upright, bending at my hips and step over Rann, grabbing tightly his waist and T-flair with Telekinesis. I ho and heave his muscular body upon his booted feet. Then, I wrap my tiny biceps around Rann’s waist, holding with my mighty T-power of Telekinesis Rann upright against my five feet petite-ness. He’s still weak, dehydrated, and traumatized from the reptile ordeal of snaky-poison and sneaky-Dirk. I sigh with revenge.
Boom! The massive sound thunders like a mighty T-storm over the orange sands. It doesn’t rain, ever, on Sahara. Two ram ship have violently collided, detonated, exploded, and vanished into a zillion bites of tiny rich colorful yellow, blue, red, green, orange, silver, pink, golden particles of space dust.
I Tele-distance towards the castle, seeking swiftly, seeing safely Ty, Nat, and the other faces of men, women, and children. I do not find him, see him, and cannot feel Bartholomew. I sigh with sorrow.
I eye burn prettily a cold dark black outer space, seeking other life. No body! No bot! No ship! The pretty flash has imploded swiftly, encompassing a five-mile radius inside the stratosphere over Planet Sahara. King Bartholomew had commanded 4,000 men, women, and children along with 3,000 bots on his Royal ram ship as the last revelation of the War. I sigh with sadness.

Day 66. Royal castle. noble meeting. Two days had passed, since the end of War, the capture of an Enemy, and the death of a King. The Royal noble committee had decided that there will be no formal horse-drawn long funeral procession for the dead King Bartholomew of Commerce, former Baron of Agri. 
The War was a failure with no side winning the battle, and no side was happy. The citizens were defeated, broken, and dispassionate about all the current events, except for one man.
I beautifully sit in my new dark gray formal ball gown with an off-the-shoulder collar, circular ruffled four tiers of plantation skirt, my new elbow gloves along with a tiny half-moon diamond tiara in my hair roots. A diamond necklace suffocates my throat and two diamond earrings pinch both earlobes with two bracelets around my wrists like an alien princess. I sigh with contentment.
“Who do we want to nominate for King?” Ira says to the remaining nobles minus Rita and Dirk, who eat lunch into their individual jail cells on Sahara.
Ty nosily clears his throat, nodding. “Rann.”
Tok cheers, tossing his arm, “Raise hands for Rann as King.” All palms shoot upright swiftly into the air waves.
Rann swiftly stands, nodding and smiling. “I will accept as President, no kingly title. I’m the President of a Nation, not the King of a Universe.” He winks at me. I recalled that my Tele-prediction came true for him. Rann orders his first command. “Ira will retain Tech World and rule the Prison Planet. Ty will inherit the Farm World of Agri. Tok is responsible for the future planning of a new School for the learning children, and a new Medical Hospital for the sick ailing patients,” viewing me. “Starra…,” nodding, “…will live in her Bonita mansion on Commerce and will be given back her home world of Bonita as gifts of both her courage and bravery to the Kingdom from the Royal Noble Committee.” Rann scans the faces. “That’s it, folks. Dismissed!” I sigh with happiness.
The Royal Noble Committee has also ordered both the clean up of citizen and robot crews for the identification and burial of the bodies of children, parents, teachers, patients, doctors, nurses, technicians, guests, relatives, and visitors, after the permanent devastation and death on Planet Bonita. I will not be visiting my re-possessed home world for a very, very, long, long time. I sigh with sadness.
The nobles and noblettes quickly exit the Royal noble meeting room, leaving me and Rann, alone. Rann grins, blocking his body inside the exit archway, rumbling in his baritone trombone into my face. “May I speak with you in private, Starra?”
I nod with a serious demeanor. “Of course, Mr. President.”
Rann slowly reaches for my right hand, holding gently my five finger pads. He swings me into his chest. We exit the archway and travel in the opposite direction towards the set of elevators leading towards the upper levels of the castle.
Rann sweet breathes into my right eardrum, being so close to my cheekbone. I giggle. He says. “I’d like to show you some of the changes taking place inside my castle. I’m very excited about all the new transformations. I hope you will be, too, Starra.”
“Okay, Mr. President,” smiling and nodding.
We load into the elevator. Rann presses number-three. The elevators stops then we exit onto the third floor of castle with the nosily Rbot or repair robots working on the walls and rooms.
Rann cuddles me, fingering the mess. We pose at elevator archway. “I’m building a new banquet hall which will accommodate 500 people, all at one time. I want to give big huge grand parties and functions for the citizens of the universe to attend. I plan the first party, next week.” We scoot around the opening seeing the Rbots bust plaster and glue stones around the new flooring.
I view the mess, frowning. “You’re very ambitious for the new President of a Nation.”
Rann huddles me closer, almost kissing my cheekbone and whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings. “I’m a very ambitious man. Period!” Then, Rann back steps dragging us backwards into the elevator. We skip the fourth floor of the castle, the President’s Living-quarters and Guest-rooms for any newly invited visitors. The elevator halts on the fifth-floor.
We swiftly tour the new President’s “Entertainment Hall,” which is filled with many billiard tables, bar stools, bar counters, two dance floors, and lots of comfones and comlens for music, electronic games, and other electronic toys for any visiting citizens to party at Rann’s new castle. 
The elevator stops on the seventh floor, vomiting our boots and sandals, leading towards the cold stone twisted staircase. I sigh with fear.
“The steps are to the left.” Rann fingers left as I purposefully drag my dress behind Rann’s body. He gently tugs on my right hand, voicing with a friendly tone. “It’s all right, Starra. Only stairs, they’re not going to bite ya.” I tightly grab Rann’s left bicep for protection.

I flash past, mentally into the first alien-timeline when I was imprisoned in Tower Room for being accused of an alien and sentenced to die like a traitor by hanging from my alien’ neck muscles inside the Stadium upon the newly fresh pine-smelly constructed gallows.

I hug into Rann’s chest as we together tap each stone. I hold my breath and hold tightly to Rann’s bicep. He narrates into my right eardrum. “This was the old prison under Rex’s reign. I had the prison bars and steel cot removed. Rex used it from time to time as a holding pen for the awaiting executions of unruly prison inmates, never occurred during my life time.” He pauses for handsomeness, chuckling then frowns. “However, I only witnessed one hangman’s event personally inside the Stadium. It was a mysterious unknown female. She was convicted of treason to the Crown. The young girl was held, here, under Royal guard, then escorted to the Royal gallows. She placed her inside the hangman’s noose, then, like magic, she just disappeared from the gallows. No one in the universe could find her. It’s still a mystery of gossip to what happened to her.” He chuckles, again.
I exhale my breath, since I’m not a fish, but a mammal. “My, my, my! That’s quite a story tale, Rann.” I’m the Mystery Girl that disappeared from the gallows, the stadium, the planet, and the universe. I sigh with uneasiness.
Rann pats my forearm with tenderness as we stand in the archway of the Tower Room. He nods, viewing the room. “I didn’t want the Tower to remind anyone of a place of sadness. I have removed all the fixtures and enlarged the small window.” I tap my toes onto the white marble, smiling sweetly, and feeling happiness as I venture towards the exposed window set in the new wall. The Tower Room, minus the jail cell, the three-inched square window, the small cot, all the iron bars, and the bossy Honor Guards, is an open space of 13-feet high by 13-feet long by 13-feet deep with a squared-shaped new window on the east wall.
Rann quickly gallops, wrapping his steel biceps around my waist, breathing into my right eardrum. “Be careful, Starra! There’s no glass protecting you, just the open blue sky.” He fingers the direction of south while pulling me away from the window and then into his chest. “In the south, Rbots are repairing the old Game stadium for new Game events, hopefully finishing the work, next week. I’m building a second Stadium for bot racing, citizen athletic activities, other sporting competitions, and fun social events for all the citizens of the universe. In the north, I’m going to transform my gold Sahara castle into a Dance and Dinner Bar for adults, only, to attend before, during, or after working hours of their productive jobs,” chuckling. “The Uni-castle is planned as a gigantic Playground and Amusement Park for children and teenagers. Adults can be included, too. The Bio-castle will be a new Shopping Mall with Vendor Booths that represent all the planets to display their native merchandise for sale to both commoners and nobles. Ira will live in the Tech-castle wanting more floor space and houses for his new program called, a Police Force. The police force will oversee the enforcement of legal laws, rules, and regulations. Tok will reside inside the Resort-castle and then plans to convert it into a Gambling Hall for both fun and profit, since Planet Resort has been damaged, before bot repairs.”
I nod at each idea. Dirk and Rita have caused all the damage while upsetting the delicate balance of order and justice in the galaxy. I say. “These are excellent ideas. Commerce will truly become, a real place of true commerce.”
Rann moves his hands to my shoulders, squeezing them tenderly with my statement then whispers into my right eardrum. “I hope so. This is my dream. I want the remaining 1,000,000 citizens of the universe to rest and relax, after their productive day and enjoy the new atmosphere of my planet. I’ve nicknamed, the Party Planet for fun times,” chuckling. “And, southwest of here, the old Agri-castle is going to be a Family Restaurant,” pausing for handsomeness then swings my body towards his sober face. “I believe Bartholomew would have liked this idea. Don’t you, Starra?”
I nod, viewing my dress hem. “Yes! I do believe that Bartholomew would have approved.” I have finished mourning Bartholomew in both my heart and mind, because I couldn’t save him.

I flash past, mentally into yesterday when I had jumped from the carrier ship to save Rann, obeying my heart. I was angry at my blackmailed marriage, obeying the King.

I was unhappy, obeying my mind. I had a dull dead relationship with Bartholomew, after I had barged onto the Agri Jubilation Ball, and purposefully flirted with Bartholomew, daydreaming of a happy marriage, that didn’t happen. Then, the War came taking all of Bartholomew’s happiness, that did happen.
Rann tugs on my right hand, pulling me from the window with a bright smile as we pad towards the archway. He say, nodding. “I have one more place that I want to take you, Starra. I hope you don’t mind.” I shake my curls with no events on my social calendar for the day.
We enter the elevator while Rann presses the button for the sixth floor. He views me, nodding and smiling. “I had this place, especially designed and created for me.”
The elevator stops, we exit.
Rann leads me down a darken hallway towards a set of cherry red stained double wooden doors plus a matching set of Gbots guarding the doors. I snail-walk in my plantation dress, tripping over the hemline. I view the closed doors with mixed emotions towards Rann, the doors and the Gbots, wondering. Since, my T-powers are jumbled within my bouncing feelings, picking a fine time to quit working for me.
He views me, smirking and cuddling me into his chest. “Are you ready?” Then, Rann stomps forwards while gently jerking on my hand. He stops and comes around me, gently pushing my dress towards the Gbots. I can’t breathe in the air molecules surrounding my nose and mouth. I don’t like surprises or imprisonments.
We stop in front of the wooden doors. Rann views the doors. “Are you ready, Starra?” I do not answer.
The Gbots swing the heavy doors open wide as I view the bright color of red.
The entire walls and flooring paints in the color of red, studiously staring inside the square room. I waltz through the archway holding Rann’s hand. I stop and stare.
The walls hang with a series of long swirling and twirling plant vines of red roses from the ceiling, draping down to the flooring tile, and then over the tile in tiny individual red rose petals. I view my tiny ten toes swimming in loose soft red rose petals, smelling with my nose holes the sweet aroma of roses. I grin goofy when Rann wraps his biceps around my shoulders then peeks my right cheekbone with his soft lips.
He rumbles in his sexy baritone trombone. “I had this room, especially designed for you, Starra. Each rose petal represents every second of the morning, noon, and night that I think of you. I hope you are pleased.”
I stare at my toes, then the tile, the walls, the vines of rose petals hanging from the ceiling, smiling so wide that my cheeks might crack open and bleed. I sing sweetly. “Pleased!? Rann, pleased is not a sufficient word to describe this room. Honored, flabbergasted, astounded. I can continue, but I know that I cannot find the proper word that I’m searching for within my brain cells. Thank you, so much,” swinging into his chest then view his smiling face. “I love this room. Gorgeous!”
“Just like you, Starra,” he kisses my nose bridge as I blush with a pinky-pink. Rann fingers at the object behind my skull. “Our table awaits, Milady.” He scoots from my body and bows at his waist in respect and then twirls me in a half-circle as flutters of rose petals dance into the air, onto my dress, on me. He tucks me into his shoulder towards our Dining-table.
I note the perfect dimensions in both size, color, height, weight, and depth of both Dining-table chairs which are parked side by side, next to each other at table. I say. “The chairs?”
Rann nods. “I want our relationship to be an equal partnership fifty percent and fifty percent. I want the furniture to reflect my attitude of my life and my new vision of the universe with you, Starra.”
Two dish platters holds two meats, two fishes, two vegetables, two fruits, and two bread rolls under the two glass-covered white steam flowing platters complete with a circular chocolate cake with bunches of cute chocolate roses on top of the first tier between our plates. I smile.
We stop in front of the table on the elevated platform.
Rann releases me, standing in a sideway pose, saying. “Starra, you might not remember what happened the night before you…,” when I swing my body out to the left then back to the right. I giggle with delight watching the flutter of hundreds of air-borne red petals over my dress, over my toes and over my Rann
I view Rann, smiling and nodding. “I do. I remember. I remember drinking the little brown glasses of whiskey. I remember feeling, very good. I remember moving the building, kinda. I recall with clarity the unusual conversation using Telepathy with you. I told you about love and true love. Then, I told you. I said something, very important to me…my heart,” smiling and nodding. “ I truly love you, Rann.”
Rann smiles and nods, saying. “I recalled that, too.” He drops upon his right knee, pulling a tiny golden sating box from his white open vest, proposing gentlemanly. “Starra, I love you. Would you do me the honor of being the first Lady of my life, my nation, and my universe? Please, marry me. I promise to fill your life with happiness, prosperity, and love for the rest of my remaining days.”
I squeal like a pink plantation piglet in piccolo music. “Yes. Yes.” I drop upon both my kneecaps and place my hands over Rann’s extended hand, holding the big four-caret diamond ring. I smile and say. “I love you, Rann. I want to marry and be your first Lady.” The ring and the kiss places perfectly upon my body, as we kiss, foreverly. I sigh with true love.

Day 70. Stadium. blue sky. white clouds. yellow sun. wedding day. ten in morning. Ironically, the 70-feet platform erects in the exact same spot as my hangman’s gallows in the first alien-timeline. I smelled the dried blood from the Royal-guards’ injured wounds with my Tele-nose holes plus my regular eyeballs see the everlasting burnt maser waves permanently etched in the shape of tiny rearing horses into the wood under the faint white color of paint.
However, the pretty wedding altar nicely decorates in white flowers, consisting of roses, carnations, lilies, tulips, irises, and other perfumed flowers that I don’t care to research for their scientific names. The arch holds a fresh greenery vine leaves, too. I sigh with pretty.
Sbots or service bots straighten my white sheath gown that hugs my fitted body finely, trying to comb the wind-blown messy waves of tangled gray hair down my bare back. It drones. “President Rann, good morning! What is your desire for the day?”
I swing my curls at Rann, seeing him smile and happy. I waltz into his open arms with my own happy smile. I frown. “Rann, don’t you know that it’s bad luck to see the bride, before the wedding?” He doesn’t seem to care then plants a wet kiss upon my newly pink-painted lips. I’ll have to re-apply my lipstick, after he’s gone. We emerge, giggling and grinning.
Rann whispers into my face. “I know,” kissing my lips, again. We surface, giggling and grinning for a second time. “That’s why I want to return this item to you.” He opens his right palm, revealing my precious silver dagger.
I giggle, touching my dagger. “Weapons are not allowed at our wedding,” creating a new queenly rule. 
He chuckles and can’t quit kissing my mouth. “I want you to have it, just in case,” vetoing my queenly rule then kisses my lips.
“You better hurry or you’ll be late for your own wedding,” teasing my new almost-husband.
He chuckles then kisses my lips, again. “I can be late, because you…,” tweaking my cute button nose for fun, “…cannot marry, without me.” He chuckles as I giggle.
We kiss passionately like we’re almost-married then Rann slowly pulls away from me, winking. He swiftly swings his fine body away from me, pathing onto the opposite side of the wedding stage while hiding inside the white curtains, waiting to begin the ceremony. I sigh with true happiness.
The wedding march fanfares with a loud tone as I waddle in my white slip dress with a three-foot train from the left stage. Rann manly struts in his new white vest, white matching trousers neatly tucked into his spit and polished knee-boots from the right side of curtains.
We meet in the middle, cuddling like a pair of love bugs smashed upon the car wind shield, holding our bodies tightly together under the perfumed flowery floral archway, smiling and giggling like two teens on Prom night. Ira views me, saying. “Do you Starra take Rann…,” when the air waves swiftly shift along with the loud engine roar.
My Tele-senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling.
“Incoming…,” I T-shove Ira into the wall as I T-slap a bubble around me and Rann, roughly tossing us with a T-zap upon the rough wooden floor with a zapping sound.
Three Sbots, the flower arch, and two planks of the stage burn from a single red beam has scorched on my exact wedding spot. I leap, T-rex upon my sandals and snarl like an alligator at the escaping carrier.
“Starra!?” Rann sings in a breathless baritone, laying horizontally on the wood.
I sing in my deadly bass flute. “Dirk.”
“Starra!?” Rann sings in a breathless baritone, standing on his kneecaps, panting in heavy breaths.
The comfone mice squeaks then sounds for all eardrums inside the stadium, “Freebird is gone, General Ira.”
Ira holds his aching skull with his right hand and lifts the comfone to his mouth. “Freebird…is…here.”
I pitch my rosebuds of beauty at wood stage, sneering like a junk yard dog at the disappearing carrier. “I’m going to kill that man.” I run towards the edge of the 70-feet platform and then leap, T-rex into the air, soaring like a free bird, myself.
I glide my horizontal body without animal wings or a parachute 70-feet down towards the soil. I deftly land upon my sandals as the three inches of heels drown in the soft grass. I bend my kneecaps to balance my body then slowly upright my skull and shoulders into the air. I gallop towards my personal zipper.
Rann stands on top of the platform and cups his hand over his mouth. “Starra!?”
I silently T-lift my zipper into the air waves, grinning with a toothy smile and plot-a-plan of revenge then view my face at Rann. I see him wave both arms and finger pads like a crazed madman.
I connect, link, and Tele to Rann. Follow me, boy!
Rann connects, links, and Teles to me. I love you, Starra. Please, wait for me.

black outer space. minus 1000ºF. Dirk’s carrier ship carries both him and Rita while I note with no surprise, there, ya’ll.
I blast my red waves at his carrier as he defenses his ship against me, quite well, being the second best Tele in the universe. I dodge, dog, and cut my zipper to the left then to the right, zapping more red beams perfectly at one of three afterburners into burnt toast on Dirk’s ship. The carrier veers to the left towards the wormhole or a red and yellow fiery ring of death.

I flash past, mentally, last week when I rat-tattled about the location of the secret Dall-Tex Biosphere on Planet Earth and then lied to Dirk about surviving Earth’s deadly poisonous radiation.

wormhole location. Dirk and I venture towards the wormhole as my comfone pings in a musical tone of a-sharp for operational and then Rann’s voice in sissy flute.
“Starra! Come in, Starra! Starra!” Rann says via comfone. “Are you hurt? Answer me, please! I see you heading for the wormhole. Are you alright? Come in, please, Starra! Stop and hover your zipper.” Rann is so sweet worrying about me.
I snarl and view Dirk’s carrier, targeting his left wing then purposefully hesitate. My brain cells kick in. If I damage the wing, then the evil and lucky ducky Dirk can’t maneuver his ship safely into the wormhole. I snort and re-position the maser gun, pressing the button as the red wave soars over the port wing of the ship, looking like a good shot from Rann’s ship window. I giggle. I sigh with deception. 
“Destroy the ship, Starra.” Rann orders via comfone.
I obey and misfire a single volley of a red light as the red wave veers wide right of starboard side, missing totally Dirk’s carrier then giggle with my evil girl plan.
“You missed, Starra.” Ira chuckles via comfone at my poor performance. The carries wildly drives towards the mouth of the fiery wormhole, needing six more seconds near gone, never return, and explodes deadly while killing Dirk and Rita. I sigh with exultation.
“Starra, target the afterburner,” Rann commands via comfone, being really determined to eliminate both Dirk and Rita, once and for all. Alas! I have another plan for the non-dynamic duo. I snort then my comfone pings, again. Rann commands. “Starra, obey me.”
I snarl like an alligator, pondering that our marriage betta not be like this. I math backwards and watch before my eyelashes. “Six. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Emperor Dirk and Empress Rita has left the dang building. Yee-haw!” I raise both my arms inside the crammed cockpit while banging out a weird-o musical tone on the steel roof with my ten finger pads and celebrate my new happiness. A series of red, blue, and yellow far reaching vertical flames erupt like a set of fireworks on the fourth of July elegantly flowing from the wormhole mouth.
Then, the vertical flames accidentally blind my ship’s mechanic sensors. A second flare creates a gracefully horizontal wide band of fire expanding beautifully into a perfect rainbow of yellow, red, blue, pink, green, purple, silver, and gold, growing and eating space, stars, dust, and me.
My Tele-senses ping. Everything ain’t fine, darling. 
I dive, not with suicidal intentions, my zipper towards the stratosphere of Planet Bonita for a quickie escape and avoidance of the deadly band of fire as it violently strikes at me with a fury of outer space nature’s force. The band of flames jerks the joy stick out of my right hand when I T-slap a T-bubble around my body, seeing a lovely array of rainbow colors in my eyeballs. A heated band floats around my body inside my zipper. I watch the comlen burn black. The leather seat heats red, and the joy stick melts into silver. My body flesh scorches into pink.
I faint into total pain and darkness.





A tease from Starra’s fourth solo book...Whoa! Alien Princess

Rann still possesses his curly black hair, brown eyes, dark tanned skin on five feet and ten inches of tallness at 195-pounds with his flexing rippled chest muscles and 8-pack abs. I see no shirt or sleeves on his split down the middle white satin jacket vest with matching slacks tucked into spit and polished black knee-boots. A diagonal black sash falls from his right shoulder full of colorful small pins and six gold medals. I sigh with true love.

I flash past, mentally in the second alien-timeline when I almost came close to marrying this man, before I vanished, mysteriously.

Rann parks his fine body beside Ira. “New candidates welcome! I wish you good luck in your testing abilities and in your career choice for the Royal Militia. We need you. We want you. We thank you for testing.” Ira fingers me, since I’m the last candidate, in the last row, of the last two seats, that has been tested,
I elbow with pointy limb roughly through the standing candidates and stand center stage in front of  Ira and Rann, then two-step right in front of Rann. I grin and giggle with a girly nervousness bouncing on my cowgirl boot toes. I sing in my flute music. “Starra.”
Rann blinks his eyelids once, twice then thrice and cocks his skull sideways at me. “You’re a female.”
I wink at Rann and smile so wide that my cheekbones might crack. “His Majesty has excellent eyesight.”
Rann chuckles at my cute joke as Ira snorts like a wild boar for my attention which I don’t give a  !@# about. Ira takes over, sneering. “Can you fly, Female Candidate?”
I bat my long eyelashes once, twice then thrice at Rann, nodding, singing in my flute music like a cute snake, “Yes.”





About the author.

ipam enjoys reading and writing, especially about her boys, who live and play in hot sizzling Miami, Florida or her earth-girl, who is living and playing in an alien galaxy...far away from the USA. Yee-haw!

