Rush, Rush…Away
by ipam

Smashwords Edition Copyright 2013 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re­sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Characters:
Aneathea, angel-in-training and bodyguard of Argus
Arcturus, college football player
Argus, student, son of billionaire Archie Michael
Ashley “Ash” Francis Sain, student
Bezant, Messenger-angel, son of Archangel Metatron, head of Messengers
Blade, chauffeur of Argus
Bo Briggs, faithful angel
Capri, girl of Argus
Carole, Guardian-angel, daughter of Arch-angel Raphael, head of Guardians
Cecil, college football player
Chase, guardian-angel, Jam’s brother
Dallas Drummer, fallen angel
Drayton “Drake” Hatem, student
Edgar, student
Garrison, bodyguard of Argus
Ginger, Jam’s friend
Gizmo, college football player
Jake Gunter, college football player
Jam, guardian-angel-in-waiting
Joseph “Josh” Lavas, student
Lissa Landers, student
Lithany, Messenger-angel, daughter of Arch-angel Uriel, head of Life-angels
Lystra, Warrior-angel
Mella, destroyer angel
Morgan Mellon, student
Nia, bodyguard of Argus
Paisley, Jam’s not friend
Perry, Priscella’s brother
Petunia, guardian angel
Priscella Bramlett, college majorette and Jake’s girl
Quanta, girl of Garrison
Rashab, college football player
Sharonette, college majorette and Arcturus’ girl
Tabitha, college majorette and Cecil’s girl
Tilly, Death-angel, daughter of Arch-angel Azrael, head of Deathers
Tina Turner, tainted angel
Yusi, nerd college science student

Present day. Morning. Monday. US Highway 31. Birmingham. Alabama. clear and sunny skies. May. 67ºF. 8:45 am. Giggle. Giggle. “Stop it, Argus.” Invisible female purrs in sweet alto clarinet in the rear seat of the transport as I studiously stare brown eyeballs out the bullet-plated window. We comfortably cruise inside a limousine. I quietly sit inside a molded leather passenger seat beside the driver, observing people along the vanilla-colored sidewalk city streets. I flip backwards my baseball cap while getting a better perspective of city life in Birmingham, Alabama.
Birmingham is the largest major city in the State of Alabama which resides in a country called the United States of America. The city was first settled in the year 1813 called “Elyton.” The English name was assigned by a land-company backed by the US Railroad System used to transport iron ore and steel raw products from the southern rural farm towns into the northern Industrial cities, early in the 20th Century.
Birmingham locates between a high Appalachian Mountain Ridge and a low Valley Region in north central Alabama, composing a land area mass of 144.4 square miles with peak elevations of mountain tops at 600-feet high. Some of the major cities within the 100-mile radius of Birmingham include the smaller and populated towns of Montgomery in the south, Huntsville in the north, and Tuscaloosa in the southwest part of the state.
I feel the Human violence rumble between my strong bones like needles of ice picks from the cruel and hated mental Human vibrations flashing in and out within the city atmosphere above the cooling air currents of Metro City Birmingham. The spilled Human blood of a recent murder smells pungently and stinky inside my delicate nostrils and emits slowly from the ground soil like dog poopy. I don’t see, luckily that ghost or the many, many parked ghosts and wraiths trapped between an Earthly plane and a Heavenly sky when dead Humans are traumatized into spiritual separations of Soul and Shell. I remember my celestial teachings that Matter cannot be destroyed, only changed…continuously.
My eyeballs acutely scan the physical lumber-wood boarded and abandoned brick buildings, trashy littered dirty concrete streets, hacked weathered brown tree bark, polluted and weeded infected clay ditches, stray and lost lonely and scared pets, and sadly of all, the melody of angry, mad, and hateful Humans consisting of street homeless people, playground children, business company employees, home-bound mothers, school bound students to hospital bound patients, church volunteers, and finally the unemployed retirees while we speedy travel inside the cool limo jaunting down the paved gray roadways towards the manor.
The precious and delicate Souls walk, stroll, strut, drive, pedal, and press their leather, plastic or naked heels onto the concrete pavement every day and night, missing gleefully the colorful cascading eternity Battle above their Earthly skulls.
The bright yellow sun contains 30 million degrees of heat and light and disguises the War waging upon the baby blue skies dipping and tipping between the swirling white Cumulus clouds as I see with my eyeballs the full action and reaction, the jumps from battle to battle stretching across invisible air currents above the hills, valleys, and mountains of Birmingham, Alabama.
I am a Heavenly Angel. There exists seven levels of Angels with own great strength and poor weakness, awesome powers and specific talents including Seraphs to Arch-angels. Each Angel singularly has one particularly role both shared in Heaven and on Earth with a business-like Heaven providing Celestial supervisors, Angeldom classes, and Warrior training sessions, saving eternally time and needed re-education to become the supernatural beings known as “Angels.”
168 years ago. Earth. Tennessee. First visit. I earn, reward, and path to the Pearly Gates of Heaven with love and sacrifice for my Earth family after being birthed in the year 1845 before the “Civil War Between the States” in the great State of Tennessee.
The Civil War is fought from April 12, 1861 to April 9, 1865 between the “Union” consisting of the northern region of the United States and the “Confederacy” nicknamed for the declared seceded southern states of the USA over the issue: slavery of man. After four long years of bloody combat between American brothers and sisters, the Confederacy is totally defeated. Slavery is abolished. The old South is financial, economic, and property ruins as families survive and live without buildings over their heads, food for their mouths, money for their needs, and medicines for their dying.
I live among the food poverty, government taxes, family starvation, and quick deaths of all my kin, seeing all the male folks die as youths in the Civil War as a lonely maiden in Tennessee.
My family member expires from physical sicknesses, clinical aliments, and life-taking diseases as my neighbors beat and fight for twelve ears of soggy rotten Indian corn during the hard white snowy winters of Tennessee. Animals starve for food then die for the living skinny-bones Humans as I care, tend, and outlive many mamas, daddies, teens, and infants in my small country community then I die, and ascend to Heavenly peace.
Eternity. Heaven. I “sanitize” after my Soul arrival. “Sanitation” is a Heavenly process of cleaning the delicate celestial Soul of both Human pain and pleasure, relieving the Spiritual mind of shameful and shocking Human earth-trapped memories. After my brief R & R...(rest and recovery)….I pow wow for a short breakfast, lunch, and dinner along with a couple of nice dances with my big Heavenly brothers and sisters then I receive from the High Command a new Angel assignment, and path back to Planet Earth as a Human babe. I pain from Mama’s birth then breathe the first taste of oxygen.
83 years ago. Earth. Connecticut. Second visit. I live in the great State of Connecticut inside the northern section of the United States of America of in the year 1939 during the ending of the great Depression.
The Great Depression is the deepest and longest-lasting economic downturn in the history of the USA which begin on October 29, 1929 with the US Stock Market Crash, lasting for ten years until 1939 and placing millions of Americans out of work as businesses close and farmers walk off their ranches for food under President Herbert Hoover.
After the 1932 presidential election, Franklin D. Roosevelt wins in a landslide then establishes social programs that become known as the “New Deal” aimed at helping farmer and hiring people to build roads and maintain the infrastructure of city sewer and water plants while the US economy peaks at the entrance of the US into WWII.
I work as a studious librarian, tend sickness and ill family members then I die old and broken at the age of 83 from a swift heart attack, ascending once again towards the Pearly Gates into Heaven, greeted by Saint Peter with a big happy smile until I accept a new Angel assignment on Planet Earth.
Present. I see the homeless man under the Interstate-65 Bridge which is four blocks over from Magnolia Street as the limo lumbers in and out of slow traffic along the roadway since I possess some kind of Superman’s power of X-ray vision. However, I can see through the Periodic Table Element Pb which represents: lead as I giggle at my silly moment. This is one of many, and many Angel powers that I have learned to possess and carry during my brief Angeldom class before tromping back down to the red clay of Birmingham on Planet Earth.
The solo “Angel of Death” physically collects the dead man’s Soul. Death-angels, loosely termed roam individually but are known as the pack group, like globetrotting Girl and Boy Scout troops with matching uniforms and accessories for visiting Planet Earth. There are over six billion folks on globe with Human deaths every secondly of the day and night which requires many, many, many more trips by a single “Angel of Death.” So…there’s an army of them.
The tall large boned female with long waisted curly silver hair and dark glowing skin has silver swirling deep set eyeballs and wears a white sheath dress under the black long-sleeved knee length jacket, carrying a big black accountant’s leather briefcase.
The leather briefcase celestially…in a sense captures the Soul as it hovers out of the Human-shell, appearing as a blue gooey pulsated-shaped basketball which is surrounded by a thin black band of Aura. Over the centuries, a Death-angel corrals the Soul separating the Heavenly essence from the Human-shell before It escapes into the planet’s atmosphere creating the Human-eyeball seeing and Human-eardrum hearing Earth-bound ghosts and wraiths as I see successfully both the Death-angel’s briefcase and Death-angel ascend from the grassy green park in Birmingham, Alabama into Heaven where the Soul is re-juiced for another celestial purpose by The Maker.
The Death-angel neck snaps her face, nodding her skull at me then ascends much like an invisible elevator to the top of white swirling clouds, then towards the baby blue skyline then into the midnight dark and cold outer space limit, and finally they arrive safely inside Heaven…out of my physical sight and our enemy harm’s way. These beautiful and deadly gals and guys are ancient and possess limited awesome powers but hold a secret clearance over all Angels. And…all other Angels… (Life, Messenger, Guardian, Warrior, and few Aliens)….give them very, very wide, wide berth in terms of walking, strutting, and flying boundaries as I giggle with a girly tone.
I recall vividly that my first job as a “Life-angel” was to carry the tiny creation of babes from the Heavenly nursery cradles to the new biological Mamas on Earth while not being able to touch the newborns in fear of contamination of my own karma. Baby carriers are composed of cloud puffs of condensed air and dry moisture, forming the baby transport.
Ya thought…white swirling clouds are just pretty!
I remember tenderly holding the soft carrier with the puffy white handler below Mama’s nostrils, lifting the lid and seeing the pea-sized glowing colorful ball wiggle under Mama’s nose as she sniffs the colorfully air into her nose hole, creating a baby. Auras are pink for female, and blue for males.
Then, I don’t get my Angel wings at that point in time for being a baby transporter, floating easily up and down by cloud travel from Heaven to Earth while meeting and greeting many Angels of Death. Too easy! Too soft! Too quick!
Now, I test for my Opus Sanctorum Angelorum, which is a celestial test performed both at day light and night time exposure among the living, working, and playing Humans for a specific period of time on Planet Earth. Every Angel must pass this celestial trial before continuing to the next step: wings attainment.
I am a Heavenly “bodyguard” warding off Human and Spiritual bullies and bandits, interceding if necessary as I watch over a particular Earth-bound “Soul.” I trial and test my own merits, not without a support group. My support group consists of one preceptor who’s an ancient and experienced Angel, two counselors who are both older Angels to help me address my celestial problems, and a buddy who’s a younger Angel to confine and converse while enduring the Human tests. Actually, they’re really totally a set of celestial strangers whom I have never met as I terrible in fear and anxiousness.
The “Preceptor team” lives, works, and plays with the assigned Humans while they aid and support the new Angel-in-training and evaluate how ya work with Humans and other fellow Angels making me nervous and eager.
My new assignment is the secondary role of a personal bodyguard for the seventeen-year-old teenager named Argus who’s the billionaire son of Archie Michael living in Birmingham, Alabama.
This is the my first day of bodyguard work sent by way of Saint Peter as I materialize inside the 727 airplane which dumps Earth-passengers and one Angel…(giggles)…at the Birmingham International Airport. The limousine contains the entire preceptor team along with cute Argus and his cuter girlfriend named Capri, picking me and my tan duffel bag composed of two pairs of blue jeans and three cotton white T-shirts as I wear the baseball cap over my long Auburn hair.
Nia, my buddy Angel on the Preceptor team had advised using the shaded coverage over my pale face in the hot Alabama weather for protection of my delicate pink skin and good security for my current bodyguard duties. The pink baseball cap carries “B” which represents the famous College football team called Birmingham University or “Burn U” in the State of Alabama and matches my clothes for my five feet and ten inches of framed-slender body type.
The primary Angel job is to provide comfort and kindness to Humans while not interfering with the Human’s Free Will. Sometimes…Angels protect in other ways than soft caring words which refers the group called “Warrior-angels”, a special Celestial trained destroy and rescue unit.
When a Soul seeks help, their “Guardian-angel” appears, bombarding the Soul with love, kindness, patience, hope, and faith. When the Soul falls from Holy Grace, their “Guardian-angel” lingers in the background while a Demon caresses and nurtures the Soul into an evil thing.
At death, when Soul seeks help, their “Guardian-angel” comes along to the rescue, protecting the Soul as they both await the arrival of the “Death angel” to capture free floating Soul from Human-shell. Sometimes, during the death process, the Soul becomes lost and confused then the “Warrior-angel” declares the claim of the Soul for good as the Demon declares the claim of the Soul for evil, then the Soul is battled over for the win by the opposing super beings from Heaven and Hell.
If the “Warrior-angel” wins the deadly battle, the Soul goes happily into Heaven along with the “Guardian-angel.” However, if the Demon rules the deadly struggle, the Soul becomes the vile property of Hell along with “Guardian-angel” as a slave inside Hell because the “Warrior-angel” is dead turned into Angel Dust.
Inside Heaven, “Sanitation,” the cleaning process wipes out all emotions and feelings from the Soul’s mind which means no lingering sensations of smell, hear, see, touch, and taste of past life on Planet Earth. Yet, I feel the coldness of death, the screams of physical pains, and haunt of hatred decades old from long ago in the old city of Birmingham.
I also eyeball vividly the ravaging Warrior and Demon many mini-battles over the lost Souls located the rooftops of the physical Medical Center Hospitals of sick patients, Nursing Homes of ill elderly, and some private Homes of ailing Humans where the majority of Human deaths occur in Birmingham, Alabama.
I painfully grab the smooth door handle inside the limo, holding my folded fists tightly to the cool metal, closing my eyelashes completely and faithful pray for it to go-away. I open my eyelashes and blink once, twice then thrice looking outside the forward window while eye burning the dancing choreographed Warrior and Demon sky battleground as sweeps of disintegrated yellow powder covers the limo’s window, engine hood along with highway roads, walking sidewalks, green-leaved trees, and low flowering plants with Angel Dust.
The baby blue skies of Alabama dot with tiny red spots which represents the “Demons” who wear the full “red” body armor, striking their blue flaming swords at the “black” dots. The black represents the “Warrior-angels” fighting and defeating their natural super enemy….sometimes.
I see the hovering white-robed “Guardian-angels” closetly holding the blue auras in the form of circle representing the “Souls” for the victor. The scared “Guardian-angel” does not possess a physical body more like a floating silky white surrender flag attached to 20 feet Angel wings with super abilities to fly, hover, run, and soar across the moon and stars at light speeds, not for battle fighting.
“Warrior-angels” possess hands, feet, and limbs for holding their yellow flaming swords, whirling sharp pick axes, straight spears, secret daggers, and other weapons of destruction to slice/dice/mice Demon parts protected by their black body armor from their ratty shoulder-length hair to their booted covered toe nails.
I see along the right side of the blue sky five-Enemies who battles at five-Heroes over the Medical Hospital’s rooftop then five-Warriors are gone. Poof! The red Demon declares then claims the blue balls as they each twirl the blue over their bald skulls holding victoriously much like a prized glittering trophy then in one swift stroke with the blue saber the Demon slices the scared “Guardian-angels”. The yellow dust slowly floats to the earth dirt as the baby blue skies clear, once again.
I jump, kitten-like inside the leather as Blade neck snaps his skull at me, concerning with words. “Aneathea, ya okay, kid?” He is one of my Angel counselors on the Preceptor team, who talls at six feet and four inches consisting of skinny arms with matching thin legs and likes to wear the tight pencil dark blue jeans along with a tight cotton red T-shirt upon his flat chest. Airy flip flops exposes his bare toes and feet while straight brown hair falls over his eyeballs onto his thin shoulder blades, covering half of his peachy-skin ton that sprinkles with light tan freckles across his aristocratic nose along with thin pink lips while his throat decorates along the Adam’s apple with a combo gold and silver chained choker like a motorcycle biker. I find him funny with life statements and comical of bad jokes while he bad mouths both Garrison and Nia…not at the same time.
“I’m fine…” I nod my skull once while closing my eyelashes into darkness with deep breathes relaxing my jumbled emotions.
Giggle. Giggle. “No here, Argus.” Invisible body of Capri purrs in alto clarinet in the rear bench.
Blade frowns with twisted lips, ugly and quickly eye gleams the rear mirror at Capri and Argus then squints his hazel pupils and comments mildly to me. “You look….scare, kid?”
Blade also enjoys exhibiting without Garrison’s attention the Angel bad habit of driving the long slow-moving limousine without the use of his hands or finger pads or knees or toes nails since he possesses Angel-telekinesis, which is the single ability to move objects, large or gigantic with awesome Angel powers.
There is also Angel-telepathy so Angels cannot read Angel minds, only Human’s. However, some of the more ancient and experienced Angels can communicate directly with a young Angel using telepathy, if the Angel receiver is on.
“My first day of work….with different….” I grin with a smooth smile, cocking my skull to the side at him, while wording. “….characters.” Blade nods his skull with the accepted acknowledgment, chuckling.
Lunchtime. Manor. Red Mountain Estate. Dining Room. 71ºF, 12:54 pm. “Anathema.” Nia neck snaps her face to me and calls out with a nasty in her alto saxophone as she grins toothy with a full smile wearing the 14kt gold tooth cap on her maxillary central incisor, right.
She posses a curvy hourglass shape with large breasts and round hips surround the hips in skinny black jeans with a set of long combo packaged gold and silver jewelry chains running from the top of her tiny waist to her kneecaps. Black sneakers cover her feet as the baby blue T-shirt with printed words of malice English bounces on her front chest that covers part of her five feet and seven inches robust frame of 155 lbs with shoulder length white-blonde hair, brown eyes and rosy-peach skin. 
“Aneathea…” I pleasantly correct in flute soprano, crunching on the carrot stick.
“Anathema is a cursed thing devoted to evil.” Nia academically defines announcing to the Preceptor team.
Garrison, head Preceptor of the Angel team drains the glass of expensive red wine and wears a designer red/white striped dress button down cotton shirt under the blue wool jacket paired with khaki dress trousers and tassel tan shoes, sporting a thinly silver and gold chained pocket watch. He talls at six feet and two 2 inches composed of dark skin-tone, green eyeballs, and dirty blonde hair, ordering in tenor saxophone. “Reel it in, Nia.”
“Get it on, honey.” Quanta flirtatiously teases only at and to Garrison being his only “honey bee” and wears elegant designer high heeled shoes under her designer pants suits in soft Coral with the Peach blouse, surrounding her exposed neck with a fine array of jewelry necklaces of various gold and silver chains ending at her hidden waistline. She stands five feet and six inches of hidden thick frame with dark skin, hazel eyeballs, and bun of strawberry-blonde hair.
Garrison elaborates to faces around the Dining Room table. “Actually, Anathema has a Greek meaning ‘a devoted thing’ perceived from the custom of hanging an object in an old temple for a pagan god. Throughout Earth history, the custom was ritualized and established when shipwrecked sailors hung up their clothes for drying on tree limbs, or retired workmen hang up their steel tools after work. The concept of the ‘accursed thing’ dominated the forethoughts of mortals for ages.”
“See, the man’s destined for something great.” Blade announces wildly then slurps nosily on the dark colored sugary soda.
“Yeah, the bathroom with the yellow matching toilet seat…after his big lunch.” Nia disgustingly burps after her announcement then stands, stretching her long athletic arms and waving like an American flag as she bounces the glittering gold triangles around her throat.
“Where’d ya get the gold necklace, Nia?” Blade asks with curiosity.
Garrison elaborates to hearing eardrums around the table. “Abracadabra charm used by the Hebrews to ward off physical maladies such as…toothaches. The word was written on paper and suspended from the neck by a thread as Nia demonstrates so passionately.”
Nia voices in husky alto saxophone, finger pointing with a bright blood-red index finger nail at Garrison. “What’s it, a walking and talking Wikipedia cell?”
“A man of many talents, tastes, interests, and issues...,” Blade answers her question then slurps nosily on the third sugary soda.
“Unlimited knowledge is a wonderful thing to possess, children.” Garrison adds, chuckling at his profound statement with delight then drains the third glass of expensive red wine into his pink lips.
Capri coos, bird-like, tugging playfully on Argus’s bicep on the opposite side of the table as she finishes her meal then whispers softly into his eardrums completing her secret message. She jerks her skull upright, smiling and giggling with a girly tone as Argus stuffs the third buttered bread roll between his lips, slightly smirking at her secret words then eye burns Capri. Capri bats her black mascaraed eyelashes flirtatiously then giggles with a girly and finally blows a new pink bubble between her wine lipstick-colored lips since she has finished her light meal.
I note that Capri and Argus form a usual teen coupling bond in modern Birmingham as Capri models the latest designer magazine advertisement with tons of cosmetic store-brought makeup that hides either her natural beauty, or her “plain Jane” face. Her top and bottom lip paints wine-color that matches her finger nails and toenails around the strappy designer high-heeled sandals while apple cheeks crease in rose-color and eyebrows dust in gold, blue, and green shimmery powder that enhance her light brown eyeballs that flecks sometimes with the proper light in golden flakes.
Her black shoulder length hair curls and complements the fake tan which is supposed to appear Spanish, Italian, Indian, or…another exotic foreign type fashion model style since Capri talls at five feet and nine inches of a full figure. The native Birminghamian talks, eyes, and mauls the kneecaps, biceps, throat muscles, and earlobes of Argus since they are a couple that attends the same High School with their matching her and his body guards composed of us…Angels along with their parents’ money from their billions of bank accounts used for fun and sun.
Argus is both mysterious and dull, at the same time with his very quiet and quite character that amuses and entertains me as I giggle at his last facial ‘bad boy’ expression to Capri. Her absence of mature personality leaves him blank as Argus carefully watches and intensively listens with both his eyeballs and his eardrums to the present teachers, wise instructions, and numerous employees while he utters a few vocal commands only when required to travel to and from High School the required classes.
Argus also opts to dominate in a set of modest black wardrobe fittings consisting of a cotton short-sleeved T-shirt under a simple black leather wind breaker over black jeans while he talls six feet and six inches with white-blonde hair that parts right under baby blue eyes on a chiseled square face made of tawny gold. And his billionaire father owns a medical research company headquartered in Birmingham as tattled by Nia.
“Hey, Wonder Boy.” Nia yells then rudely finger points at her big round white analogy scuba diving watch with more microchips and computing power then the Huntsville Browns Ferry Nuclear Power Plant. She addresses the insulting name selected by lazy and sloppy Blade as he meets and greets Argus every morning and every afternoon with the terse name of “Wonder Boy” since his first day of employment then Nia repeats the pun for fun loudly. “Time to ride! I don’t want to get my fanny kicked and handed back to me for you…being tardy, again. So, tarry up, tarry out, and tarry ya’ll’s butt hinds to the dang car.” Nia bosses with orders, while making new rules, assuming multiple roles of scorekeeper, coach, nurse, accountant, banker, cook, and martial arts expert for Earth-kid.
Argus good sports the playful name, wiping his lips and finger pads clean with the steamy warm towelette and dries his face with the fresh clean cloth, returning the used pieces onto the table. He swiftly stands extending gentlemanly his open palm to Capri assisting her to stand from the Dining Room chair. Good breeding and good manners! Argus carefully wraps his arm around her tiny waist as Capri coos into his eardrums while they float out the door into the limo.
Afternoon. Play house. St. Marie Preparatory Academy. Southside. Birmingham. 1:10 p.m. The crescent-shaped bright orange-colored room holds three distinct sections of yellow rows counting one to twenty-five towards the rear wall that faces center stage. Nia whips her party through the side doors towards the last row in farthest third section of High School Play House Theater while motioning her hands then finger points at the lane of empty seats. Argus leads Capri by the hold then slowly pivots, flipping the padded chair down for her as she giggles and folds her blue sundress under her long legs like taught by her Mama as a Southern lady, smiling and whispering into Argus’ eardrums.
Nia halts the Angel parade five seats before Capri and Argus then pirouettes towards center stage, holding her hand in air and ending the march as Blade flops down, placing worn flip flops between the arm rests of forward empty chair then flips open the comic book of good guys vs evil villains as Garrison occupies the next chair follows by Quanta, and then…me.
Ms. V, or shorten name by the students from Mrs. Vinson instructs the Theater class, yelling loudly without the use of a microphone in alto saxophone B-flat. “Act 1, scene 1, Verona, a public place, enter Sampson and Gregory, armed with swords. Ya’ll are on boys.”
Two tall Rogues dressed in black berets, white button shirts, black pants, and different colored ankle length satin robes one of midnight blue with the other blood-red satin stalk upon the middle of the play stage, swinging left then right their silver raptors, sneers and snarls in sync with facial lips and mouths.
Miss V coaches loudly. “Sampson, your line.”
Sampson words the line. “Gregory, my word, we’ll not carry…foals.” Teen laughter and giggles bombard the echoing theater immediately.
Miss V swiftly corrects. “Gregory, o' my word, we'll not carry coals….not foals, coals. Coals used for heating houses in West Virginia.” Teen laughter and giggles echo within the empty theater immediately as she neck snaps her skull to the nosily students.  “Quiet, class.” Then, she turns her skull to the actors and calls out. “Again, Sampson.”
Sampson repeats properly. “Gregory, o' my word, we'll not carry coals.”
Gregory words his line. “No, for then we should be colliers.”
Sampson words the line. “I strike quickly, being moved.” Student swishes their swords left, striking the empty air currents.
Nia echoes in nasty alto saxophone as her voice carries down the row. “Amateurs.”
I suspect she uses some of her Angel-magic to capture and encase her meanie growling sound along our single of row of Angles since the real High School student line like ducklings in row number two and three for a clear view and better audio coverage of Miss V’s instructions of the play.
Gregory words the line. “But, thou art not quickly moved to strike.” Sampson’s raptor twitches mysterious out of control at Gregory’s advancing sword as both steel weapons clash then nosily fall from their semi-open palms as the boys studiously stare at the floor with the tossed swords.
“Nia.” Garrison growls like a wounded animal occupying his eyeballs with the new magazine and his hands with a cup of finely rich black hot coffee.
“Now, we should see more action between the houses of Montague and Captula.” Nia savagely boasts then deeply chuckles.
“Behave, Nia.” Garrison harshly disciplines her nasty comment.
“Going to tattle, there, Garrison.” Nia teases then chuckles at the vivacious venture.
“One demerit.” Garrison softly counts as his tenor voice carries to my eardrums.
Miss V yells with a scary tone in alto B-flat. “No raptors for this scene, boys. If you can’t keep the swords safely away from each other bodies, then ya’ll can be replaced with your roles in the play.”
“But…Miss V, it jumped….,” Sampson finger points at the downed sword while he uselessly accuses the toy weapon of malice as the teens giggle and laugh within ear shot.
“Safety first…remove the weapons from the floor, Dora.” Miss V motions with her hand as she watches the teen climb and grab each sword then orders to the actors. “Continue Sampson, a dog…”
Nia overlays using her Angel-power the natural tenor voice of the actor Sampson as he quotes with the incorrect dialog. “A dog of the house of Montague moves me.”
Miss V quickly repeats the correct line of the play. “No. No, Sampson. A dog of that house shall move me to stand: I will take the wall of any man or maid of Montague's.”
“Two demerits.” Garrison softly counts as his voices floats toward me and Nia.
Nia funs and giggles with a girly tone. “Give it up, Garrison. I’m just having some little girl fun.”
Miss V shouts. “Gregory, your line.”
Gregory words the line. “To move is to stir; and to be valiant is to stand: therefore, if thou art moved, thou runn'st away.” He paces two steps forwardly without the sword swinging his hand like he’s slapping a mosquito as the teen giggle and chuckle with humor.
Sampson words the line. “A dog of that house shall move me to stand: I will take the wall of any man or maid of Montague's.”
Gregory words the line. “The quarrel is between our masters and us their men.”
Sampson words the wrong line. “My naked weapon….” Teens laugh immediately.
Miss V yells into the rafters. “No Sampson, you can’t say that word in front of the parents.”
“Naked…” Sampson repeats, twice as they giggle immediately.
“That word, leave it out of the line…Sampson.” Miss V commands.
“Naked….” The single word echoes high and long from Nia’s bass saxophone as she projects the sound using her Angel powers throughout the auditorium while the teens giggle immediately.
“Three demerits.” Garrison softly counts as his voice carries to me and Nia.
Miss V neck snaps her skull to the students, calming. “Quiet, class.” Then she returns her eyeballs to Sampson and shouts. “Your line, Sampson.”
“Okay…my weapon is out: quarrel….I’ll be back….” Sampson neck snaps his face to the students then grins with a silly smirk as the teens giggle with laughter.
Nia swiftly stands from her chair and loudly claps at Sampson and annoying hoots bothering Garrison. “Excellent, encore, encore, baby boy.”
“You sound like Arnold.” Gregory garbles then chuckles at his friend.
“Right, man.” Sampson fist-bumps with Gregory, grinning with a toothy smiling and slaps the back robe of Gregory’s shoulders.
Miss V sighs then breathes, deeply and seriously threats. “Say right the words, or I’m replace you and your line, Sampson. ‘My weapon is out: quarrel, I will back thee.’ ”
“But…Miss V, that’s so…so medieval…like.” Sampson wizardly debates, while he bobs the skull up and down.
Garrison corrects. “I believe Sampson meant to say ‘Renaissance.’ The transition period between the medieval and modern worlds begins with the Italian humanists in the 14th century stimulated by the fall of Constantinople in 1453, the invention of paper printing, and the discovery of America in 1492 towards English literature and architecture in late 16th century. Shakespeare was morely a Renaissance artist and considered the greatest poet and dramatist of all time and in all countries…during his life.”
Nia chin whips her face into her chest, emotionally wording. “Ahh! I knew…the man well.”
“So did Garrison, right buddy?” Blade playfully slams his hand into Garrison’s chest, sniggering lightly as Garrison snorts with amusement while studying the magazine as I lean forward witnessing the bruising and amusing trio of Nia, Garrison, and Blade upon seeing Argus neck snap his face at Garrison holding a congratulatory smirk upon his pink lips. 
I nosily gasp, twisting my lips, funny and observing Argus as he returns his skull towards the class play overhearing the ancient historical banter between the Angels but Argus is Human.
Sampson argues with his literature creativity to Miss V. “How about this improvising? ‘My weapon is out: quarrel, I’ll be back…to thee.’ ” Teens clap for the new line supporting the change.
Miss V roller balls her pupils into her skull, warning. “Close enough! But…don’t improv too many of the lines…Sampson. Go Gregory!”
Gregory words the line. “How. Turn thy back and run?”
Sampson words the lines. “Fear me not.”
Gregory words the lines. “No, marry; I fear that thing!”
Miss V yells and claps for attention to her, complimenting. “Very good, boys.” The school bell rings loudly as she orders. “Every actor be here at 3:05, or I’ll pass out lines to the awaiting kids and remember there…is no food or drinks inside the auditorium. Eat and urinate before you come. Dismissed!” Teens giggle and chuckle as they stand and leave for their next class.
Night. Manor. Home of Argus and Archie. Roebob Springs Country Club. 23 Rutherford Circle. Birmingham. Full moon. Starry sky. 55ºF. 8:14 pm. The limo gracefully winds around the curvy Alabama countryside upon the smooth gray paved street running through mountainous green leaved woody hillsides of a selected few estate-sized lots consisting of one Craftsman bungalow, one English manor with detached summer cottage, and one Tudor Revival home inside the exclusive East Birmingham Roebob Springs Country Club and Golf neighborhood since the year 1917.
Three family generations of Micheals have lived in this house since 1917 composing the green grassy and flowered plants of twelve acres including the spring-fed fresh water lake that drains the water supply to local residents. The limo grazes down the brick driveway and passes the blooming yellow jonquils which were planted in the year 1923 as Argus returns home from Capri’s home from dinner with her family.
I am a lucky girl, living temporally as an Angel-in-training inside the nestled Appalachian Mountains in Alabama while standing inside the pink bricked patio of a manor owned by Argus and eye burn using my Angel-sight the 1,011 acres of wilderness that trails of brown trees, green plants, red birdies, clay wetlands, yellow sandstone sculptures, silver limestone quarries as I close my eyelashes and open my eardrums hearing the soothing call of Mother Nature that calms my tormented mind, body, and soul then the soft octave “A” chimes for my nightly Angel assignment.
Garrison gentlemanly escorts Quanta by her arm while he holds the hot coffee cup in the other hand. He follows by Blade, and Blade’s beer, Nia, and Nia’s ice cream dish, me and my notepad towards the pool patio for a picture perfect view of the full yellow moon blasting across the bright white stars.
Garrison slowly begins as always in tenor saxophone while lounging the love seat with Quanta. “Everyone did an excellent job, today. I’m very proud of your work. Tomorrow, you will be more productive…and more challenging.” He chuckles and eye burns me as I cringe with nervousness and continues. “For a few moonlight hours, allow me to give you a quick tutorial of Angeldom….”
Blade injects and finger points at me. “She not tour…like us?”
“Aneathea is fresh out of Sanitation.” Garrison clarifies to everyone.
Nia attacks then sympathies. “Ouch, sorry baby girl!” She nosily slurps the melted ice cream.
Garrison lectures to me. “Sanitation is the process cleaning your mind as a mortal on Earth.”
Nia rumors. “Not a pleasant process…”
“Nia, don’t tell fibs.” Blade reprimands, chuckling.
Nia grins with a wickedly smile then hums musically in alto saxophone for attention as always. “I heard it through the grape vine…..dum da dum dum…”
Garrison frowns with twisted lips, ugly at Nia then neck snaps his skull, updating and nods his skull at me. “You do not remember Sanitation, Aneathea…because the compression of memories since the womb is stored as pure feelings and emotions rather than sequential steps like a ladder.”
Blade funs, while chuckling with nonsense. “The…void…(i.e.) ….in my mind…(i.e.)…can’t remember yesterday…or day before yesterday…or day before that yesterday….”
Garrison continues as always. “Your creation from the beginning of your time has been compressed allowing you to focus on your next assignment....Angel.”
“Assignment…I…” stutter with a mental thoughts and confuse the words from the weird lesson that Garrison is lecturing.
Quanta neck snaps her skull then tenderly pats his bicep, softly talking in octave “A” soprano. “I am retiring to bed, honeybee.”
Garrison excuses his lady by nodding his skull then kisses her bare hand with a gentlemanly gesture as she stands. “Good night, Quanta.”
“Night, Quanta.” Nia calls then slurps nosily the melted ice cream from the dish like a dog.
“Good night Quanta.” I end and eye burn Garrison for more boring Angeldom stuff.
“Later, gator.” Blade salutes with his beer then sips more brew.
Garrison slowly sums in tenor saxophone while he eye burns me. “Back to Angeldom, you…Angel can have influence over everything in the Human realm. You…Angel can direct, guard, defend, and alert Humans directly or indirectly through secondary causes…their Human sub-consciousness. They communicate through the intellect, thoughts, interior feelings, and exterior words they hear from Humans.”
“Humans can hear us.” I learn.
Garrison clarifies. “You are a life shell, Aneathea…here on Planet Earth that touches and fills with the same red blood, pink tissues, maroon muscles, and other colorfully biological body parts…”
Blade injects, boldly. “Angels function…on them words, not them….actions.”
I correct, eye burning Blade. “Warriors-angels…do Heavenly actions.” Blade laughs with a hardy as Garrison parts his lips, widely, staring at me.
“Where did you learn that particular information, Aneathea?” Nia crinkles her forehead, ugly, puzzling and dropping the vanilla ice cream on her shirt.
I shrug my shoulders once then wisely explain. “I study. I read. I’m supposed to do that.”
Garrison confirms with a grinning toothy smile. “All trainees are supposed to study their lesson materials…Angel.”
Nia spits, coolly. “Well, fine. I study. I read. Angels show respect, gratitude and love for…”
Blade injects, rudely. “End of story time. Beddy-bye for me. Nighty-night, ya’ll.” He swiftly stands, while stretching his long skinny arms over his skull then cracks the bones sideways in his neck, elbows, and spine. POOF! He disappears from the pool patio.
I finger point at the empty spot, puzzling. “Can we do that??”
Garrison tenderly teases, grinning with a deceptive smirk at me. “Can you do that, Aneathea?”
I eye burn the sparkling clear pool then I neck snap my skull at Garrison, talking meekly. “Just asking? I don’t think I can do that...”
Garrison tenderly expresses, smiling. “Later in your training…Angel.”
“If you pass….,” Nia heart-breakingly dumps then sniggers since I am in training and if I fail, then I become…something else.
“I’m going to pass…,” announcing, proudly without the smile.
Garrison curls his lips to the left then carefully drones in tenor saxophone. “You will, Aneathea. I would suggest zapping from your private chamber to a single safe spot inside the pool patio area but move the chairs over to the wall, first. Then, if you accidentally miss your hard spot, you land in the pre-offered wet spot…(finger points to pool)…safely.” He chuckles then finishes his coffee.
“Road kill.” Nia insults with a nasty tone, standing and exiting the pool patio using her Angel powers by popping off the brick.
I slowly stand from the chair, strolling casually around the water and carefully survey the perfect landing spot away from the hard steel objects like the motor pumps, poles, and panels of concrete for practicing my Angel-teleportation skills from my bed chamber to empty pool patio.
Argus swiftly floats from the door into the patio area, wearing a white T-shirt, white shorts, and white flip flops, parking bee_hind in the chair next to Garrison, stretching his six feet and six inched muscular frame into the thickly padded yellow duck-designed chaise lounge. He bends sculptured biceps against his skull, eye burning the full moon and rumbles in sexy bass drum at Garrison, not noticing that I am standing against the shadowed wall. “Tell me, them composites of the number eighteen?”
Garrison encourages with an un-friendly attitude while drinking more hot coffee and read another magazine. “If you drink warm milk with a touch of whiskey you’ll fall asleep in exactly two minutes and thirty seconds, Argus. I guarantee it.”
“Eighteen?” Argus repeats, twice and eye burns the bright full moon, smirking, not moving from the comfortable lounge.
Garrison sighs then breathes, deeply, glancing at waist watch and remarks swiftly. “A little late in the evening for a debate, Argus.”
“Eighteen?” Argus repeats, thrice and eye burns the bright full moon, smirking and not moving his body from the patio furniture.
Garrison drains the coffee, placing the empty cup onto the side table and wipes his lips with the cloth napkin, beginning slowly. “Eighteen is divided by 1, 2, 3, 6, and 9 with 3, 6, and 9 adding back up to 18, hence 18 is a semi-perfect number.”
I watch Argus, feeling excitement and giddiness like a child stealing the last chocolate chip cookie from the kitchen counter cookie jar, and finally being able to chat with my employer, my protectee, and my assignment. Capri occupies him from breakfast to dinner and between school classes and break time then Garrison secretly meets with Argus outside the homework assignments which is after dinnertime until bedtime which I have noted.
Argus is both a mysterious and dull Human, chatting slowly, softly, safely, and mostly only using baby sweet talk words with Capri while avoiding the rest of his High School classmates since I shadow him in all his regular school academic courses being an Angel-in-training.
I swiftly stroll to the upright chair beside Argus, asking bravely. “What’s the perfect number…then?”
Argus quickly uprights, bending at the waist inside the patio lounge chair and removing his biceps from his skull and eye burns me then smiles as he spits, hotly holding two finger pads in the air and rumbles in bass drum. “Two, ya know….Adam and Eve, wife and husband, strawberries and chocolate, peanut butter and jelly….”
I smile and giggle with a girly then remark wisely. “Peanut butter and jelly are composed chemically of three components, the peanuts, the crème and the jelly.”
Argus compliments, winking at me. “You’re a smart girl, Aneathea.”
Garrison curls his lips, ugly then drones in tenor saxophone. “The perfect number is 6 because 1, 2, and 3 are the positive dividers. Soo…1 + 2 + 3 = 6. The number 6 is equal to half the sum of all its positive dividers. (1 + 2 + 3 + 6)  / 2 = 6. The Pythagoreans are credited for the number theory in which they coin as “perfect. The numbers for over 2,000 years have been known as ‘magic.’ ” Argus nods his skull with the silence acknowledgement as I listen patiently while Garrison drones. “In science, the atomic number 18 represents the element Argon. The 18-electron rule is a rule of thumb for characterizing and predicting the stability of transitional metal complexes in Chemistry. Also, there are 18 Jewish covenants, 18 Christian covenants, 18 Buddhist covenants, 18 Muslim covenants, 18 covenants of a New Arc of the moon, and 18 is…the mark of creation.”
Argus neck snaps his skull to Garrison, arguing boldly. “Deduce then…that…the number 18 administrates math, science, and religion disciplines.”
“The Mark of the Beast, Argus is 666, or 3 X 6 = 18.” Garrison curls his lips, ugly then drones carefully.
“Eighteen is the lucky number in Chinese culture for ‘one who prospers’.” Argus debates better and eye burns me, winking flirtatiously with his eyelid, left then smiles sweetly.
Garrison curls his lips, ugly then drones. “Northern China, the same people say 18 is avoided even in the naming of a single building because one can never ever return from the 18th level of Hell.”
“18th level of Hell, what’s that?” I question keeningly, staring at Argus, not Garrison.
Garrison curls his lips, ugly then drones. “In Revelations, Death and Hades are thrown into the Lake of Fire, this is the second death for sinners nicknamed the ‘18th level of Hell’ in which a person cannot return from…ever…forever…never….”
Argus ends. “And…18 on the right palm of the right hand of Almighty God in Arabic that represents the creation of the beautiful water foundations on Earth, when His right hand spins…makes the sun rise from the east. This measurement….” He grins with a toothy smile at Garrison, while finishing. “….in Heavenly terms that is known mathematically as 18.”
“Touché, Argus.” Garrison curls his lips, ugly then claps with the victory.
Night. Tuesday. Playhouse. St. Marie Preparatory Academy. Romeo and Juliet. 56ºF. 8:11 pm. Act IV, scene whatever….fake Juliet is plunging the fake dagger into the fake heart for the fake death when I note the real thing.
I close my eyelashes then re-open my eyelashes as I blink once, twice then thrice, seeing the slight movement at the top of the red curtains hanging over center stage. I stiffen with fear then narrow my eyelashes, focusing on the colorful armor from hair roots to toe nails as the skull helmet covers completely the face but illuminates with a set of yellow circles: eyes.
Demon is present, the Soul dies…soonest.
I scan with eyeballs the packed auditorium of stinky folks, wishing for a “Health-angel.” They’re a special type of limited Angels that practices healing on the Souls without touching the physical bodies like Earth physician. I feel sad, not helping nor saving the Human here at the school playhouse since the Soul is very confused about death, which has invoked the battle between good vs evil, hence the bold appearance of nasty red Demon.
Argus and Capri occupy the end seats of the la-st row in the third section while Nia guards Argus and Blade sits lonely inside the row above Argus and Capri with Garrison and Quanta three seats below Nia.
I sit beside Garrison and rotate my neck muscles around the theater room, following the Demon with feeling surprisingly fright from the physical tap upon my collar bone as Garrison instructs with soft whisper. “You, with me.” 
I jump, kitten-like, neck snapping my face to Garrison, assuming wrongly in piccolo panic mood. “…I don’t know how to fight.”
Garrison quickly surrounds and sound proofs the Human audience with an Angel shield, deflecting visually us standing near the rear wall and covering audibly our private Angel conversation. I feel the thud of invisible wall land on the floor next to my bony heels as Garrison cocks his skull to the left, inquiring softly to me. “Why would you need to fight, Aneathea?” I part my lips, widely and eye burns side motion of Argus shuffling his body around his chair then eye gleams me with his pupils for half-a-second then playfully flirts with hands and lips at Capri as she snorts ugly with giggling laughter.
I embarrassingly chin whip my face into my chest then from the side I eye gleam the dancing Demon sitting in the pretend chair inside the intersection corners of the ceiling and wall, commenting meekly to Garrison. “I …I thought it was an emergency….a bodyguard duty. Sorry. I thought to protect Argus…first.”
Garrison curls his lips, ugly then drones in tenor saxophone while leaning deeply into my face. “I’ll give you three marks for good intentions and battle readiness, how’s that? Please follow me, Aneathea. I have a very special surprise for our entertainment, tonight.”
I stumble and bounce down the long row of Human shins and Human toes rolling out into the empty aisle, following silently the finger points of Garrison into one of the many secret doors to the back stage lot which is dubbed the “electricity room” composed of dangerously hanging silver wires, black snaky long cables, and bright colorful TV monitors. I huddle in a circle with Nia, Blade, Quanta, and Garrison.
“Stand in a horizontal line, here.” Garrison softly orders, watches as we left to right stand with Nia, Quanta, Blade, and then me like baby ducklings.
I soldierly stand with my arms and hands gently swaying from my body as I see the red Demon in same corner intersection, not being able to do anything. So, I ponder my new Angel exercise while learning from my buddy Nia that Garrison is a very ancient Preceptor with centuries of celestial training and wonders if he sees the red Demon in the corner rocking on air.
Garrison stands center place in front of us and bright overhead lights, curls his lips, ugly, detailing our instructions. “This is a prism test. Do you know what a prism is…Nia?”
“Colored rainbow.” Nia quickly answers and smiles as Garrison nods his skull with approval as she inquires with care. “What about the bodily and verbal reactions from the Humans...out there in the audience watching the play who can…see us, Garrison?”
Garrison ignores her question, marching his body back and forth towards the stage, ordering. “That’s point of this….test. Single or numerous bands of prism light can be produced anytime and anywhere while you are alone and isolated. It takes great power, good concentrate, and gifted nerves of steel to produce a light show under the noses of the living and watchful…Humans.”
Blade reminds. “Once the light beams plays over the stage players with a surprise quark the audience will…nosy…(chuckles)….that something’s up, Garrison.”
Garrison curls his lips, ugly and drones carefully. “My contribution to the play as I flip the manual switch for the brighten light show during Juliet’s death scene.” He chuckles along with Blade and Nia.
Quanta bitterly complains while she twists her eyebrows, ugly. “Garrison, honeybee, you aren’t a real student, here at the school. Why bother to entertain the Humans?”
Garrison jokes with humor, smiling at her. “I want an ‘A’ in my Social Studies class for the semester.”
“Competition never dies, right, man?” Blade agrees, bobbing his skull up and down and sniggering at the future light show.
“Very correct, Blade.” Garrison confirms and nods his skull with the acknowledgement.
“You’re very odd and weird, Garrison.” Nia reacts swiftly then crinkles her forehead, ugly.
Garrison moves and stands beside me and commands while looking straight towards center stage. “I want each one of you to focus on the single light bulb in front of your visible line, hold both hands outward parallel to the floor towards the light. When I give the signal which will end at the count of three, I want you to concentrate hard on your light as the target of the prism beam.”
“Will the metal case of the light bulbs explode into pretty fireworks…for fun?” Blade asks, chuckling.
“Prism light, not thunderbolts.” Garrison substitutes while smiling.
“Cool, man.” Blade nods his skull with the acknowledgement and narrows his eyelids at the light.
“One, breathe, two, concentrate, and three…shoot.” Garrison softly instructs using his Angel-voice to attack our eardrums with the commands.
A single Emerald green ray shoots from the finger pads of Blade, first and hits the light, not exploding but illusions beautifully as a curved laser beam. A single red wave shoots from Quanta as Nia and Nia’s golden ray engulfs their parallel light bulbs. I add a single yellow beam from my left hand coupled with a single baby blue wave from my right hand as we create a awesome laser show of multi-colored lights from one side to the other side of the stage as Juliet dies then audience claps echoes into the playhouse immediately.
“Outstanding, pose, steady….scene ends. Curtain closes. Stand down!” Garrison curls his lips, ugly then drones in tenor saxophone. “Excellent job, every one of you. Time to go back home.”
The Demon has bolted during the Angel prism light exhibition as I scan visually for the dead body of the sick Human in the form of a single coughing fit or a single motion of clutching a hand to the chest, presenting no Human within my eyeballs.
The Soul must’ve called for their spiritual help from their Guardian-angel. Guardian-angels are difficult to see for all…Humans and most…types of Angels since their lack of a physical body and their great powers turn them invisible for both protection and productivity. So, I guess that Soul called for and the Angel answer as the Demon fled away making us Angels the winners for the night as I smile victoriously.
Quanta wipes her wet brow, and comments with a nasty and fixing the bun of her strawberry hair. “I’m sweating.”
“You stink, Blade.” Nia inches closer to him, wiggling her nose like a puppy dog and shoves his body towards the archway out of the back stage electricity booth.
Garrison lectures as we follow him into the empty hallway. “You will find energy balls, rays, plasma, and beams eat up tons of electric ions inside and outside your super being body. The effect produces an unpleasant body odor or as Humans like to say…B.O. but you will find that the worst of the damage is the smell within your super being body since it is made of chemicals, minerals, and enzymes. Bathing will remedy your malady…immediately.” He chuckles extending his arm for Quanta’s finger pads to escort her towards the archway of the building.
I brilliantly postulate, smiling and marching last in the parade. “So, Guardian-angels are made of fluff and puff for good energy that flows through…you kinda like a garden hose pipe propelling them around the cosmic.”
Garrison curls his lips, ugly then drones. “Exactly, Aneathea. Guardians wrangle large amounts of energy for specific directions and purposes but….the energy doesn’t harm them.”
“Warrior-angels must stink to high Heaven.” I quickly sum with brilliant pun and giggle with a girly timbre. “Get it!”
“Warrior…angels? Where did you conceive that term, Aneathea?” Quanta suddenly stops then gracefully pirouetting the elegant designer dress then twists her, ugly, puzzling.
Garrison pulls Quanta next to him in a Teddy bear hug, concluding with a smile. “Lesson done! Let’s go home.” They pivot soldierly towards the exit door.
Wednesday. Lunchtime. Argus’ Manor. Foyer. 68ºF 12:04 pm. I pad quietly through the foyer from the Dining Room into the Kitchen for food since Nia and Blade float using their combined Angel powers from the ceiling to the floor inside the Dining Room by clowning with an airy circus event with the food eating tools of silver utensils, China plates, glass food bowls, and Crystal goblets. That makes acquiring spoonfuls of delicious food impossible without staring World War III since Argus isn’t home to supervise the clowns deciding to eat his lunch with Capri at her home as I grunt with frustration.
My eyeballs sweep the beige foyer along with the attached Grand room that measures 35 feet in high of three story cathedral ceiling and 75 feet of whistling space as my ear drums hear the distance Human voices. One in a gritty low bass drum and the other high pitched mice-squeak as my body swiftly swings around the tight corner and acutely see that Capri is crying and Argus is pretending to care.
I back pedal quietly behind the elegant beige stairwell, accidentally spying like a thief because I cannot back track either to the kitchen or the dining room since I locate on the opposite side of mansion. The teen couple will view me through the expensive set of French doors into the patio or the second set of French doors going upstairs which can lead to pool side. So, I listen to the love quarrel.
My heart races swiftly coupled with a rapidly pulse as I wipe sweaty palms with an itchy sensation onto my dress. My eyeballs burn the marble floor as ear drums strain for faint words between the teens while an active mind puzzles about the handsome, tall, and charming stud muffin Argus.
My brain has learned nada from my sneaky Internet dives at midnight while Nia snoozes in the room next door about my employer Argus other then factual and visually collection of the handsome seventeen-year-old son of “gone-all-the-time” billionaire Archie Michael.
But I do possess logical reasons and vivid imagination answers and conclude that I hope the faint word exchange between Argus and Capri brightens my normal dull day as I spy by person while I silent my brain cells.
“Argus, darling!” Sniff. Sniff. Capri blows the running clear mucus from her cute button nose and softly voices in alto clarinet between the heavy sobs as she twists her skinny arms around his neck which permanently anchors her to Argus forever as she begs for his love….forever starting with the mysterious words. “Please, pretty….please with sugared cheerios…”
“Cheerios?” Argus injects and repeats the silly word then twists his lips, funny, pulling tenderly from her bad breathe while trying not to stain his white T-shirt with her wine-colored lipstick.
“I don’t like cherries. Sugared Cheerios are good and good for your bod.” She talks in plain b-flat then presents duck lips, funny and repeats, again. “Please, pretty….please with sugared cheerios…come to my party.”
He reminds, dropping her arms from his neck as he scoots some breathing space between their bodies. “Invite from your Father, not you, honey.”
She confirms, pouting with wine lips. “I’m his only child, Argus. What’s Daddy’s is mine to share and own….”
“Thanked your Father….can’t go, honey.” He commands, scooting away from her as she steps closer into his arms.
“I intercepted your little note, Argus. You couldn’t tell me you rejected Daddy’s invitation in person. I’m still mad and hurt…” She stomps a single designer high heel on the tile then smiles, confessing. “….but I forgive you, sweetheart. Kiss me!”
“Not having this conversation that we completed fifteen minutes ago, Capri.” He updates as she roller balls her pupils into her skull with his terse answer.
Capri orders, while folding her arms across her silk blouse. “I’m here to persuade you to come to my farewell party. We hoist sails on Daddy’s yacht for the party to the big island of the Bahamas within two hours, Argus.”
“Skipping school, again…Capri?” He reprimands, presenting duck lips, ugly then folds biceps around his muscular chest.
“School, you always drag in that dreadful institution, Argus. School’s over for me…for both us in two more weeks. We win. We graduate. We are…free of all authority figures. We are free…to fly far, far away…dreams of dreams…”
“Knowledge is a valuable ally…to dreams, honey.” He wisely lectures like an old Soul.
“You quote and speak like that teach geek Garrison…now, Argus. I guess your tutelage under him has improved your mind, body, and soul…next…ya’ll be quoting Shakespeare…or some other old…” She insults, swinging her body side to side.
“Garrison comprehends numerous varied subject matters, tantalizes my brain cells for them universal…answers, honey.” He grins with a silly smile, bobbing his skull up and down with a positive response for both him and her.
“No more questions! No more answers! No more tests! We graduate from school, move on to bigger and better things…like…me and you, Argus.” She touches his folded biceps, moving her finger pads to tickle his chest as he grabs her hand pushing it back down to the floor and shaking his blonde skull side to side.
“Bigger and better…agree there, Capri.” He bobs his skull up and down then eye burns the ceiling.
“I’m going to be eighteen the day after our missed High School graduation. You’re already eighteen years old, Argus. We can marry…at the islands of the Bahamas in secret then we can plan a great big wedding here with lots of bridal and groom parties with your and mine parents so we still get our financial inheritances. Daddy will…” Argus frowns with twisted lips, ugly as he shakes his blonde skull side to side with a negative answer as Capri surrenders. “Alright, I’m rushing the wedding part in the Bahamas. We go the party together and have some island fun. I’ll tell Daddy that this is our engagement party. Then, I can wear my Grandmother’s diamond ring. It’s the size of small golf ball…then you can buy me…something bigger. How’s that sound, homey?” She smiles with a goofy grin as Argus frowns with more twisted lips, ugly, removes her hands from his neck muscles for the second time as Capri folds her arms over the silk blouse, reprimanding. “Argus, darling, you’re being much difficult, right now.” She glances at her designer wrist watch and comments. “I must return to Daddy. Are you coming with me?”
Argus stares silently at her as Capri stomps her heeled sandal, twice then finger points at his nose. “I command you to obey me. Come with me on the yacht.” Argus stares silently as she calms her temper then smiles sweetly lifting her finger pad to his soft pink lips for a touch kiss and confesses. “I love you, darling. I need you with me. This party’s very important for Daddy. I can’t be without ….without you…please, darling.” Pretty Capri and handsome Argus make the picture perfect teen couple and if they marry, they will raise gorgeous pampered children...like everyone gossips.
168 years ago. Planet Earth. USA. State of Tennessee. First visit. I live on a small farm never being able to marry since I spend my entire life attending my sick Mama then my sick Daddy along with my sick sister and her sick children, and nursing the sick neighbors. After the Civil War, I follow on the farm with more poverty then my death, ending my maiden spinster never-married and never-met-a-male life. Then I re-generation as a second Human as I birth and re-live as the family caretaker for more sick folks then finally die an old graying maiden spinster at the age of 83 years old never touching the hand of a male either my Daddy or dying brother.
Present. Garrison lectures during my Angel sessions that the Heavenly process of “Sanitation” erases all the formal life time memories of your formal Human lives upon Planet Earth. However, I find that my Human memories are fully intact with painful and colorful sharp cuts into my beating heart with all losses of family and friends that I suffered and carried over 168 years ago.
Capri removes her finger pad from his lips then blasts nasty mean words, while shaking her folded fists in the air at him. “You didn’t love me. You never loved me. I just don’t understand you, Argus. I. Love. You.” She sourly pouts her wine stained lips then quickly sobers and parks folded fist upon her designer belt, shouting. “O! Another girl, who is it, Argus?”
I have noted with acute vision and acute hearing that Argus doesn’t really cuddle Capri much like his future wife, future fiancé, current girlfriend, or…even his loving family pet. Argus treats Capri more like a stray kitty looking for some bites of food after being fed then wanders away to have fun as she returns the another day for more food. I see that he is a Southern gentleman with her, treating her special in the public eyeballs at the facilities of school, playhouse, and other social events but it all end there.
“One of the girly bodyguards, right, Argus?” Capri accuses and finger points at the hallway where she thinks the body guards stand and guard Argus at his house as I giggle with a girly tone.
I evilly snigger then cover my mouth quickly with the hand, thinking mentally of her with the so hilarious and ridicule concept since I am one of his bodyguards. I grin with a toothy smile at the humor and honor of any type of romantic connection with Argus, playboy son of billionaire Archie Michael.
I neck snap my skull towards the elegant gold framed glided mirror hanging on the far wall beside the four tiered stairwell as my red hair blows wild and free like usual, fanning around my throat and cascades long red waves over my triangle face to my waist. The Alabama 110% humidity creates a puff and poof in height upon my rounded skull, adding volume and curls to the coarse but neatly trimmed textured hair endings.
“Sanitation” retains the biological shell and removes skin wrinkles, gray hair, age spots, and fat cells from Earth bio-shell making me look great at 168 year old. My skin taunts and glows with a healthy pink skin tone, coloring my cheeks and lips in candy pink, complimenting my Irish DNA from Almighty God. My green eyes balance my wide forehead that contains a straight nose, high cheekbones and thin pink lips that glide down to my swan neck on my tallness and slenderness of six feet and zero inches.
I have traded my shredded blue jeans in for a pretty flowing pink sundress with a set of breezy strappy sandals, following one of Quanta’s excellent clothing tips for a new dress code as I possess long arms and legs and big feet overhang on the tiny sandals as I giggle with girly tone.
Capri talks in piccolo soprano breaking my daydream as I hear within my eardrums. “Nia….that girl named Nia.” She slaps her hands against her naked legs under the sundress. “Of course, she’s always bossy with you. Bossy and flirting with…my great guy.” She sobs with a fake cry and addresses. “How could you Argus?” She sobers quickly and insults viciously. “Nia is kinda okay. Blonde. Pale. Tall. I’m me. I’m prettier. Smarter. Richer. Sweeter. I’m sweet to you, Argus.” She checks her designer watch for a second time then annoys. “Darn, I have to go. Argus, I…am…humbly…giving you…(displays her manicured wine-colored index finger nail in the air)…one more chance, please come with me.” He studiously stares and silently words as Capri calls out loud. “Good-bye forever. You have both embarrassed and shamed me, not coming to Daddy’s party with me. I’ll find another guy to care and love me. It was fun…while it lasted.” She cries into her hands swinging her body towards the front door archway then suddenly stops and pivots with stained tears running down her cosmetic-makeup face. Argus walks from behind her body then holds the archway door open as he gives her a short Teddy Bear hug and a single sweet peck on her tear stained cheekbone.
I bolt from steps into the kitchen that decorates with three walls lining with an assortment of stainless steel appliances, Oak hand-made cabinets with high and low shelving along with multiply kitchen ovens matching the multiply kitchen sinks. I face north at three set of undivided windows, seeing the clean and spotless partly green and mostly steel valley of the city of Birmingham, marching onto the bright pool patio breathing and panting from the intense chat and my devious spying being a bad Angel at the moment.
The city of Birmingham is built below and above three geological Mountain ranges one of which houses Argus and Argus’ home consisting of 9,000 square foot composed of 8 bedrooms, and 12 bathrooms that sits 350 feet at the peak top of the range called Red Mountain which overlooks beautiful and lighted downtown Birmingham. The long patio lip overshoots the edge of moist red clay dirty with sturdy concrete legs by 20 feet. If ya scare of heights, this isn’t the place…to buy.
I stop short at the end of limestone railing, not worrying about falling off since I possess Angel powers that work perfectly as I see vividly the red and black dots jump, leap, and bounce up and down, side to side in the baby blue skies over Birmingham rooftops.
I understand fully the tiny battles of Angels versus Demons over the Souls and feel emotionally so many sensations of…sorrow, sadness, pity, love, and hope. I close my eyelashes letting the bright sun warm my face, hearing car horn blasts into my eardrums, riding along the EMS vehicles on the streets into my Soul with laughing children, singing birds, croaking frogs, and fiddling crickets that uplifts my feels emotionally into happiness, peace, and joy.
I open my eyelashes and see the fiery dots over the hospitals of sick patients ready to die then turn away from the Human suffering, bouncing my nose into the strong jaw line and feeling the warm hands balance my shifting big feet in the tiny sandals as I uplift my eyeballs and exhales softly. “Argus.”
“Aneathea.” He purses his lips, tightly, talking softly and eye burns the blue skies, not me. “Sorry, you saw that ugly exchange.”
I nosily gasp while, chin whipping my chest into my chest and turn the color of bright strawberry red upon my pink skin, embarrassing both for me and him and desires to run into my room to cry, to leave the mansion, to return to Heaven, hoping not the failure of the test, the failure of my wings, not the failure of an Angel and not the success of a Demon.
“NIA….” Tenor trumpet blasts loudly in the hallway as Argus removes his warm hands then pivots toward the kitchen archway as we see chuckling Garrison then smiling Quanta and roaring like a Lion in the voice of Blade but only Blade’s back muscles parked in the archway frame.
“BLADE…” comes the husky female alto clarinet voice, approaching from hallway.
“I hope you finished your meal, Argus.” Quanta wisely cautions as Garrison escorts her to one of the breakfast table chairs.
Blade turns from the archway walking and tattling to the others selecting a chair at the breakfast table. “Nia finished her temper tantrum finale with a food fight…”
“…in the Dining Room on the table, chair, carpet and other places that the cleaning must want to pay very close attention too….” Garrison ends without missing a beat, chuckling lightly.
Argus grins with a toothy smile, shuffling to the refrigerator and retrieves the milk carton, saying nothing negative or positive about his paid but incompetent bodyguards or the food encounters against the Dining Room furniture as he hears cell ringing then moves his person into pool patio for a private conversation probably with his Father.
I hoof to the corner of the table used at breakfast time, pulling a chair and sitting quietly while working calmly on my jumbled emotions, vibrating raw nerve ending, and shallow breathing as I watch the rest of the play and the play actors.
Nia appears starkly inside the archway covered in orange sweet potatoes, green and red parts of the garden salad along with yellow banana pudding that splatters from her hair roots to toe nails looking like a very bad piece of art done by a two-year toddler. The art doesn’t compliment her yellow vile worded T-shirt, skinny blue jeans and used-to-be clean white sneakers minus her blue cap which exposes her short blonde hair to the cooking elements as Nia exercises her folded fists open then close with fury and angry as she growls, grunts, and groans deeply which staring hot fire ball killingly at smiling Blade.
Quanta side bars from the breakfast table, extending her open palm from Nia’s hair roots to toe nails dressing magically Nia by replacing her filthy clothing with a simple white silk sheath dress similar to a Roman’s lady gown and offers peacefully. “Better, honeybee. Now, be a good girl and try to sit at the table like a Southern lady of Alabama.” She gently shoves Nia’s shoulder towards me as Nia parallels Blade’s skinny body while she eyes him up and down, sneering like a mad dog then angrily sits besides me.
Garrison and Quanta join us at the breakfast table as Argus re-enters the kitchen, announcing wildly. “Capri is no more.”
Nia parts her lips, widely, talking softly “She…she’s gone?”
Argus bobs his skull side to side, grinning with a wickedly smile, adding. “…to Bahamas for her Daddy’s birthday party.”
“O!” Nia forms with her lips, looking at the table.
Argus cocks his skull to the left, blinking his eyelids once then twice at Nia, exchanging casually. “New dress, Nia?” Nia swiftly stands, while swinging her body side to side in the new gown then quickly sits down inside her chair as she parts her lips, widely eye burning Quanta as I nosily gasp with the secret information that we are undercover Angels on secret mission as Argus chuckles and comments. “Quick change artist, Nia…good trait to possess?” He drains the milk carton into his lips then tosses it into trash can.
“Did we damage your relationship with Capri, Argus?” Quanta innocently asks.
Argus cocks his skull to the right and rumbles in deep bass drum. “Never meant to be…Capri is enjoying….her destiny.” He grins with a toothy smile.
“I always said she wasn’t good enough for you, Argus.” Garrison words as he views the new magazine.
“Celebration, let’s go for a ride.” Argus claps his hand happily and eye burning Garrison.
“Back to school, classes started fifteen minutes ago, we’re going to be late.” Quanta warmingly warns, while staring at Argus.
Argus announces wildly being a new guy after dumping Capri “Blow off school! Ride my motorcycle down Highway 31 feeling breeze in my hair.”
“Helmet law.” Garrison words with his legal advice.
Argus brilliantly substitutes, grinning with a toothy smile. “Breeze on my naked arms and legs.”
“If you leave the mansion, you are required to have bodyguards per your Father, Argus?” Garrison words as he reads the new magazine.
“Does the chauffeur count, Garrison?” Argus asks, nodding his skull at Blade.
“I’m prime.” Blade stands, beating his flat chest like an ape.
“Ladies, any riders?” Argus offers and eye burns me.
“No thank you.” I reject, smashing my eyelashes down to the clean wooden table.
“No thanks, boss hog.” Nia waves off with a couple of weird green/yellow/blue manicured finger nails looking out the window admiring the pool with such a pretty day and no class, smiling.
“Lady Angels…do not ride machines.” Quanta coolly words as I smash my eyelashes upright with the foolish banter batting between Garrison and Quanta in an open conversation within Earth-kid’s eardrums.
“Very well, Quanta. Since, school is dismissed, classes are not. Quanta will lead the class sessions while…” Garrison neck snaps his skull at Argus and Blade exiting the kitchen then returns his eyeballs back to me and Nia, ordering. “I’m out having fun. Ta-ta, Angels.”
Nia smiles with a wickedly smirk and winks her eyelash, right at me then eye burns Quanta, adding. “And…”
Quanta voices in her alto saxophone. “We’re friends.”
Nia grins with a more wickedly smile, adding. “….and friendly.” She pauses for drama then inquires. “Do Angels get married?”
Quanta grins with sweet smile, voicing. “Absolutely! Where do you think baby Angels come from? Its a grand affair. I’m attended several events in my…time. Are you planning to marry soon, Nia?”
Nia shakes her blonde skull side to side, addressing. “Nope. No time. Garrison said we’re to continue our Angeldom this afternoon.”
I ask. “How long have you been here, Quanta?”
Quanta inhales then exhales like she’s bored with my simple-minded inquiries. “I joined the team two years ago.”
“Do you remember your birth?” Nia inquires with a sneaky tone.
“Too long ago….” Quanta vaguely answers the question.
“Do you remember the first trip to Earth?” Nia inquires with a more sneaky tone.
“Long time as well...” Quanta vaguely answers for a second time.
“Do you recall being Human?” I ask.
“Good question, baby girl…who was your first disguise of Human as an Angel?” Nia adds, rubbing her hands, snigger and enjoys trying to figure what age category Quanta fits into which includes of the following: 20th Century, 19th Century, Industrial, Renaissance, or Medieval. Maybe, she’s an ancient Soul like Garrison who lived among the cave people at the beginning of time or so he claims with lies. 
Quanta ignores Nia, popping the electronic notepad into her hands, studying the text categories for the next lesson as Nia finger points at the object, tattling. “Hey, that’s an eBook, the new rage here. Can I get one, Quanta?”
Quanta materializes with Angel-magic my electronic notepad along with a tuna fish sandwich, milk, and three chocolate chip cookies for my lunch since Nia and Blade destroyed the food items, lecturing. “Nia, we all have the eBooks containing….”
Nia fills. “…boring lessons and stiff rules. I’m talking about real eBooks for real romance and action novels like real teens….”
Quanta frowns with twisted lips, ugly, warning and holding the notepad in air. “Nia, those apparatuses contain all the information you need to pass this VIP test. Once, you have acquired your wings, the notepads you are given will contain instructions, rules, and laws about your next celestial assignment. You don’t need to know about irrelevant affairs. Let me take this moment and allow you some caution when surfing the on-line Internet and TV stations at this Human place of residence, Nia. You are being monitored. If you insist on watching channel 123 on the satellite dish, we’ll be meeting with more than Garrison.”
“What’s on channel 123?” I lean heavily into her eardrums, whispering with curiosity.
“Nia, if you corrupt Aneathea intentional…” Quanta words hang in silence like a gallows hangman’s noose.
“Later, baby girl.” Nia whispers into my eardrums then uprights the notepad for the daily lesson, grinning with a wicked smirk.
Quanta inhales then exhales wording with frustration. “Garrison didn’t provide an agenda. So, I guess the lesson topic is up for debate. What’s your fancy, girls?” She smiles at us
“You didn’t answer my question, Quanta. Your first…? Nia starts slowly for a second time with a grin.
“Time is infinite for us…girls. We live forever.” Quanta quotes boldly.
“Some of us don’t.” I add sourly, flashing my mind back to the battles of Angels and Demons that don’t survive over the rooftops of buildings inside the city of Birmingham that I can see with my Angel-vision.
Quanta threats, eye burning mischievous Nia. “Some of them get into trouble on purpose which might find themselves….Sanitized.”
“Ouch! Are you threatening….me, honeybee?” Nia finger points at her chest, sneering with a lovingly sound.
I take advantage of the rough situation and inquire. “Do you remember being Sanitized, Nia?”
Quanta nods her skull with personal acceptance and eye burns Nia. “Good topic for the daily assignment. Sanitation is the process by which the Soul is cleaned of all Human filth relieving the Soul of pain and pleasure in preparation for Angel duties and new assignment. To answer you question Aneathea, the process is painless to all beings including Souls, and Angels.”
Nia ferociously growls like a wounded animal then swiftly stands and finger points at her. “Don’t ever threaten me, Quanta.”
“Calm, Nia.” I tenderly pat on Nia’s forearm and encourages the process of faithfully obeying a superior Angel Quanta as Nia sit with her growling demeanor.
Quanta quickly awards and proclaims. “Ten demerits, Nia. Ten brownie points, Aneathea. The only sole purpose of Sanitation is to ease the Soul out of torture and torment of a greedy, crude, and rude materialist world into a peaceful, loving, kind environment working towards glory, and good. And demerits and points are the tools of that measurement for any and all new trainees like yourselves giving your supervisors a guide into your strengths and weakness from multiple angles. There isn’t a limit on the number of awarded demerits….”
I say with a humorous tone. “Awarded demerits sound like an oxymoron.”
Nia spit, coolly, frowning with twisted lips, ugly. “A what?”
“You’re very clever, Aneathea. Do you study a lot?” Quanta inquires, and eye burns me, sipping on her drink.
I educate. “Oxymoron is presenting a set of words together with the opposite meanings. Award is a good thing. A demerit is a bad thing. Therefore, the two words mean…”
“Neutral. Nothing. Nada.” Nia lists then laughs with a hardy tone. “See…I study.” She pauses for drama then concerns looking at Quanta. “How many demerits do you get before…?”
Quanta reads her notepad and answers. “Only a measure of the potential promise of an Angel. Can you sing, Nia?”
“Hahhhhh…” Nia rolls the strong alto notes off her pink tongue then drops to a deep tenor sounding. “….mennnnn.” I clap with joy as Nia holds her arms outwardly parallel to the table as sunlight beams onto her blonde skull like an Angel halo as I giggle with a girly tone.
Quanta offers with a nasty attitude then grins wickedly. “Outstanding pretty voice, good strong tone. You can become a Cherub, tomorrow….”
“Cherubs are the lowly things…I mean. Their roles are…” Nia dumps then snarls nasty at Quanta.
“Baby Angels start as Cherubs, singing, studying and working their way up the Celestial ladder maybe as high as an Arch-angel.” I counter with a nice phrase and full toothy smile at Nia.
“You are correct with your studies, Aneathea. There’s a reason for classes, sessions, and training to be the best Angel for the good of the Humans.” Quanta pauses for drama then eye burns Nia, asking. “Do you want to how many demerits rate a Cherub?” I giggle as Nia sneers with a low growl while Quanta continues in boring alto oboe. “What else can you tell me about the Cherubs, Nia?” Nia eye burns the floor as Quanta answers for her. “No wings. Angels are casted into different types. Can you name the types, Nia?”
Nia smacks her eyelashes upright, answers in slo mo using her alto saxophone. “Cherub….and then…..Angel and then….Arch-angel….”
Quanta waves her manicured hand like she’s casting a magic spell towards the west part sleeping chambers, announcing. “No more channel 123 for the rest of your time here, Nia. As of right now, your studies come first and foremost. Other distractions have been eliminated. Back to my quiz, the answers are Life-angels for obvious reasons then there come the Deathers for obvious reasons as well. There are Guardians for more obvious reasons and the rare but useful Health.”
I correct. “You didn’t mention…Warrior-angels.”
“They exist, yes…but not in your study core, Aneathea. I believe I need to peruse your notepad.” Quanta quickly floats my notepad into her hands, while reviewing studiously my assignments, inquiring. “Garrison provided you with extra classes. Yes?”
Nia frowns with a set of twisted lips, ugly and inquires about the interesting topic. “Warriors, ya mean like….those Fallen-angels.”
I adjust the discussion based on my Angeldom knowledge. “No, not like Fallen-angels in the poem Paradise Lost.”
Nia spits coolly and eye burns me. “A what?”
Quanta asks with a crinkled forehead, funny. “How do you know about Paradise Lost?”
Nia spits, twice eye burning Quanta. “A what?”
Quanta replies. “The silly long poem written by a Human in which the Humans seep the knowledge of both Angels and Demons.”
“I study. I read. I’m supposed to learn….,” confirming and bobbing my skull up and down.
“A poem, why do we need that stuff? It sounds boring.” Nia comments with a flat tone.
“You’re a walking library aren’t you, Aneathea?” Quanta smiles and compliments.
“You need a fellow, baby girl….” Nia remarks with the opposite compliment.
“Nia, do I need to remind you why we are…all here?” Quanta reprimands with a swift verbal kick.
“To get winged….” Nia smart-holes then giggles with a girly attitude and winks her eyelash, right at me as I grin in a silly pose.
Quanta firmly instructs. “I’ve adjusted your reading materials, Aneathea. And don’t ask Garrison for any more sessions. How about some exercises, girls…we must practice the mind and…the body? Stand up! Move into the middle of the floor.” She claps her hands with a loud noise then wiggles her finger pads at the door hearing tiny scrapes and scratches as the patio furniture pile in columns against the concrete siding for our Angel activity lesson then she commands. “I want each one of you to zap your body out to the pool and then return your person back into the kitchen, hopefully….at the same spot.” I stand with fear of the unknown, eye burning scared Nia as Quanta yells at us. “Now, please!”
I close my eyelashes and concentrate on a selected patio spot near the red and pink Rose bushes on the extreme east corner away from the double glass paned French doors, double undivided glass windows, and the concrete ledge of the pool as I pop my body outside successfully. I hear faint noises with my earlobes then open my eyelashes, neck snapping to the south upon seeing the red Demon engaging with the black Angel. Poof! Yellow Angel Dust falls upon the rooftops.
I neck snap my skull north seeing the pink and blue rainbow of falling stars lightening the baby blue sky with Life-angels floaters who gently ride the white clouds tucked into their arms their baby carriers containing the new creations of tiny rings of pinks or blues encircling balls of new Souls. Life-angels are very young and very new and are first jobs of any Angel after the “Sanitation” process on an infinite scale of Celestial time. They style in a pair of white shorts and tops covered in the appropriate pink or blue set of silk robes representing the Human sex of new Soul without any wings as I smile at the precious parade.
Death-angels dress in their severe black jackets over white battle gear carrying big oversized black briefcases as they drop steady in a vertical line like an up and down invisible elevator from Heaven gathering the recently departed and peacefully ascending into Heaven for the Soul to experience the “Sanitation” procedure.
The rare Health-angels wear a set of green pant suits, possess arms and hands with no legs or feet and carry green bags of Healing properties for the Soul, dropping onto Planet Earth by horse and white chariot to the proper residence.
My eyeballs skate to the peppered red and blacks spots that are dancing, twirling, and swirling over the tops of the buildings as yellow plumes of dust spray and carry the dust onto the ground, trees, bushes, and streets which is named “pollen” by the Humans. The occasional dead Demons explode mid-air as red then blue then evaporate into nothingness.
A single Life-angel has a Guardian-angel escort and then an occasion need the assistance of an assigned Warrior-angel while the Health-angel rely on their horse for global direction and protection and remember clearly that no one crosses a Death-angel…twice.
I sense fear around me then my eardrums hear the splash, neck snapping my skull to the pool then giggle with girly tone as Nia materializes over empty air and screams. “NO!” Then, she plunges feet first into the water pool as I gallop to the rescue, lending a hand and dumping her tall body out of the water onto the concrete. Nia stands wet from hair roots to toe nails then zaps her person dry parking her hands on her hips, spitting, lovingly. “Two times today, must be a new record for….honey-bat.” Nia laughs with a hardy tone.
“Honeybee, you mean…” I correct.
“She ain’t sweet. She’s a honey-bat. Bats are mean tiny little creatures who bite your neck sucking blood until you dried out and dead by suffocation.” Nia viciously words cutting her eyeballs into the kitchen window trying to locate Quanta using some type of Angel-magic.
“We’re being monitored, Nia.” I remind, scanning my skull with eyeballs at the outside video spy cameras.
“I’m not afraid of TV screens.” Nia raises her hands, waving at the TV screen in the corner of pool.
“We’re being monitored as Angels, Nia.” I remind, twice.
“I’m not too sure about the monitoring from…honey-bat.” Nia thumbs into kitchen. “She’s a ….”
Girls. Quanta connects, links, and Teles her words into my mental mind as I giggle at frowning Nia because we’re being monitored, not by the TV screens.
I lecture. “She’s our teacher for the day…Nia.”
“I miss Garrison. He’s a saint compared to….honey-bat.” Nia snarls with a nasty timbre.
“I thought you missed Argus.” I provide with humor and giggle.
“Since selfish, and egomaniac Miss Capri is out of the picture, now…there are unlimited possibilities, baby girl.” Nia smiles wickedly and winks with her eyelash, right.
Dinnertime. Red Mountain. Argus’ Manor. Den. First quartet moon. Rain. 70% precipitation. 65ºF. 7:03 pm. Blade hurls his long body over the long sofa in the middle of the room, turning on the 70 inched plasma TV and holds his beer can with the other hand as he views the weather report of more T-storms and more rain over Birmingham.
“Bladey boy, here, in my presence, where’s my butter knife?” Nia sneers in alto saxophone, standing at the edge of the sofa, folding her biceps over her vile T-shirt and fires heated balls at Blade’s body.
I shove Nia from Blade and Blade’s sofa towards the lonely chair in the corner of the Den, commenting. “Move to the big red chair, Nia, I want to sit on the comfortable couch with Blade.” I plop on the edge of the chair not filled with his legs then neck snap my skull to Blade, asking. “Does this TV set get channel 123?” Nia laughs with a hardy tone since Quanta has been true to her word, leaving any very selected proper family channels on TV inside my bed room while blacking out Channel 123 which I don’t know what it represents.
Blade quietly sits the beer on the coffee table coaster like a good house guest then eye burns me as he softly words. “Nia, this is your doing.”
“Not me.” Nia smiles with a wickedly grin and eye burns the big TV screen.
“You’re going to get into big trouble, Nia.” Blade warns then eye burns me.
“Not me.” Nia smiles with a wickedly grin and eye burns the big TV screen.
“Just tell me, what is Channel 123, I couldn’t find the reference…” I dump looking at Blade for some simple answers as Nia giggles.
“You’re going to get into big ginormous trouble, Nia.” Blade warns and eye burns me.
“Aneathea, stop asking about channel 123, you heard Blade, I’ll get more demerits from honey….” Nia empties with an incompletely answer as she eye burns the quiet hallway.
“Honey-bat.” I fill then giggle.
Blade scratches his skull and eye burns me, compliments with an evilly deceptive tone. “That’s clever and cute, Nia.”
“Not me.” Nia smiles with a wickedly grin and eye burns the big TV screen.
Blade nosily slurps his beer and finger points at me. “You…two Angels…”
“Argus is here.” I remind then eye burn the hallway.
“He’s out with his Father.” Nia updates as she watches the TV screen.
I ask. “Have you meet Archie Michael before, Blade?”
Blade continues his lecture and finger points at me. “You… two are as different as night and day, sun and moon, 0 and 1, good and bad…”
“Not me.” Nia smiles with a wickedly grin as she watches the TV screen.
“Nia, don’t pull the kid into shit. Garrison’ll reap your wings apart.” Blade cautions then sips nosily on the beer.
“I didn’t have wings, Blade.” Nia answers while eye burning the TV screen.
“My point’s exactly, Nia.” Blade retorts and eye burns me then nosily sips the beer.
“I’m not a kid, Blade.” I clarify. “Tell me, what’s on Channel 123?”
Blade chuckles, cocking his skull to the left then he eye burns me. “Aneathea, you’re very young on my infinite time scale.”
“I’m older than I look.” I debate.
Blade chuckles and argues, pointing at his cold beverage. “This beer is older than you look, kid.”
“How old are you, Blade?” I inquire.
Blade curls his lips, slowly then nosily sips the beer and finally advices. “I’m not supposed to be talking about this topic with either of you…two.”
“How many digits? Two, three, four.…” I prompt for any time frame hint.
“Man, I’m told you’re a walking computer.” Blade grins with a toothy grin then sips his beer.
Nia eye burns Blade, inquiring. “What’s the hang up on your ages, Blade? Garrison’s older than Red Mountain and Quanta…”
“Because…Miss Bot Geek….here can figure things out, Nia.” Blade warns and finger points at me.
“I’m here to learn…” I empty incompletely.
“…the right stuff.” Blade fills then eye burns Nia.
I debate. “You’re our guidance Angel. You supposed to answer all our queries about problems and issues and matters.”
Blade bobs his skull up and down, complimenting. “Right, Aneathea ‘cause ya don’t have any problems, or issues.” He chuckles then eye burns Nia. “However, Nia, on the other hand…”
“Not me.” Nia smiles with a wickedly grin and eye burns the big TV screen.
“Nia, you and I both know differently. Look, trainees are to learn and experience with their growing powers the interaction with all different types of characters that hover and fly around the cosmos. Aneathea doesn’t need the distraction. And you…Nia, you need to hit the old books, or maybe the entire book stacks at the local book store.” Blade lectures as I grin with a toothy smile.
“A what?” Nia spits without eye burn the TV screen and giving Blade lots of eye burns with her invisible X-ray vision.
Blade materializes the object, holding it in air. “Your notepad?” He tosses it as Nia blindingly catches with one hand without using her eyeballs while she studies the TV program as Blade numbers. “It contains over 850,000 scripts and 85,000,000,000 words.”
“I read something about…” Nia starts in slo mo while eye burns the TV screen laying the notepad between her legs.
“The notepad knows how much you have read. Don’t ever lie, Nia!” Blade warns then eye burns me.
“Do you have wings, Blade?” I subject change.
“Yipe!” Blade bobs his skull up and down and huffs musically, staring at me.
“Can we see them?” I ask and smile.
“Nope.” Blade shakes his skull sideways and puffs musically, eye burning me.
“You’re no fun Blade.” Nia comments and eye burns the big TV screen.
“I’m an Angel, not an Earthling.” Blade quotes with authority.
“Star Ship to the Moon.” I add and giggle.
“A what?” Nia spits, coolly.
“A movie.” I replace the words.
“How do you know that, Aneathea?” Blade frowns with a crinkled forehead, ugly, asking in an unfriendly tone.
“Are you two communicating in some kind of secret Angel code?” Nia asking while eye burning the TV screen.
“I….saw it on TV…before…Quanta censored the programs.” I lie since I saw the TV program a long time before that.
Blade chuckles and warns. “Quanta can be vicious when it comes to protecting the trainees.”
“How long have you been on Preceptor team, here?” I subject change.
“Ten years.” Blade answers as he studies me.
I eye burn the rug then Blade, calculating. “He’d be seven. Why would a child need…?”
“You think too much, Aneathea.” Blade studies me, twice.
I subject change without gaining any useful knowledge. “Well, I’m definite going to be thinking about Channel 123….between all my boring lessons.”
Blade leans heavily into my face, without touching my forearm as his presence sends tingling receptors to my brain cells, feels the chilling calm while he comments in an evil tone. “I’ll tell ya about Channel 123.” He whispers softly into my eardrums as my heart pumps and my pulse races while my palms sweat.  My body heats and mind quickly visualizes lots of different images as Blade slams his back muscles into the sofa fabric then nosily slurps his beer, watching the big TV screen.
I slowly stand from the sofa and announce. “I…bed…time. Good night!” I swing my body into hallway, padding into my bedroom.
Nia chuckles while swinging her skull side to side and compliments. “You’re bad, Blade.”
“I’m good at saving your ass, Nia. Don’t pull the kid into…” Blade empties incompletely.
“Shit.” She fills and annoys. “I heard you the first time, smartass.”
“Good ears, great quality for a….an Angel.” Blade laughs with a hardy tone returning his eye balls to the big TV screen.
Thursday. Midnight. Pool Patio. Aneathea. First quarter moon. Starry skies. 56ºF. I zap using my Angel magic from my bedroom to the back porch patio in the nighttime while the other folks sleep. Thump! I shockingly hit a wall of soft muscle then lose my upright balance of my body and forcefully grab the nearest object and successfully wrap my long arms around the person that smells male while trying unsuccessfully to stabilize both our bodies.
The male sways to the left, carrying me down as we splash together like a rolling log sideways into the cold pool water then we swiftly sink from the total combined weight that adds to over 400 pounds in six feet of deep water. I release my hands from his chest, flipping my bare feet and going no where and turning blueberry blue in my face from the lack of oxygen air provided by Planet Earth.
The male locks one strong bicep around my left shoulder blade and the second bicep around my waist, entangling us like a fishing net under water then he bends at his kneecaps, blasting his strong legs like a rocket towards the air surface as we emerge like a pair of flying fish then he life-guard swims me toward the corner of the water, pulling with strong muscles me onto the concrete steps of pool.
I cough then spit and cough then snip air into my tight lungs then spit more pool water from my tight lungs, and brush my messy plastered hair from my wet face, touching the male chest as I gurgle like a drowning sea lion. He quietly sits on the concrete next to last step, pulling me into his lap tenderly stroking my back muscles with long strong fingers pads, and ordering with a sweet rich bass drum. “Don’t talk. Breathe, easy.”
I cough then spit mouth salvia, twice and breathe heavy as my nerves shock back into my spinal cord while my mind whirls with dizziness, and my body shakes from the sudden coldness of the air and the swift hotness of his body.
“You’re shaking.” He reaches to the right, grabbing a folded beach towel from the pool chair, lifting me into the air with one bicep, wrapping the towel twice around my wet body as we scoot upward to the second step of the pool stairs, dangling my naked feet from his lap. He reaches to the right, grabbing a second folded towel, wrapping around my shoulders and part of my messy hair, pulling me into his heated and hot bare chest, whispering softly like a set of butterfly wings. “Don’t talk. Breathe. Relax.”
I close my eyelashes with the combo of soft warm towels and his body heat, smoothing my weary mind, and fall comfortably into a steady rhythm of his breathing, feeling safe, and experiencing for the first time ever in my long life not shown in the year 1845 or in the year 1939…love, not Mama and Daddy’s love but boyfriend’s love.
He slightly shakes me awake and names in deep sexy bass drum. “Aneathea, ya hurt?”
I alarmingly jolt from his bass drum, and blink my eyelashes once, twice then thrice, wiggling inside the warm coat of towels, reacting in slo mo talk. “Argus….not hurt.”
“Moving ya for comfort to patio lounge chair...” Argus slowly stands and powerfully lifts tall me into his flexing biceps without any vile grunting sounds as he slowly thumps and carefully cradles me to his chest. He straddles the chair with both legs, sitting me inside his lap as we drop sweetly together into the lounge chair then he caringly words. “Ya better?” He pops the tab of the beverage can. “Have a little soda…wash out the chorine.” He shifts the cool bottle can to my lips as I nosily slurp like a baby the warm hot liquid down my throat like an infant then I suddenly burp with loud disgusting sound as Argus calls then chuckles. “That’s my girl.”
He chugs the rest of soda can then suddenly burps from his lips very loudly the disgusting noise and chuckles, explaining. “The fizzy water of the soda burns the pool fumes out of ya esophagus. That’s why we burp.” He gently tucks the ends of the towels around my legs and shoulders, asking. “Ya feeling better? Warm enough?” He eye burns me then neck snap his skull to the dark shadows of the patio, scanning the concrete, inquiring. “Where’d ya come from? Thought…I was alone here.” I shift my eye balls to the same corner, elbow pointing into the darkness void with silence words, and visual actions for my silence message as he guesses then chuckles. “Playing hide and seek.” I burp with a loud disgusting sound as I gently bob my skull slowly up and down several times then Argus inquires. “Ya understand…hide and seek.”
“Child’s game.” I whisper softly.
Argus chuckles, while grinning with a toothy smile s at me, and talks softly into my eardrums. “Garrison mentioned you excelled at your academic studies. Hope ya plan to attend college but ya look too young for High School. Says…to me that you needed this job.” I wiggle out of the towels and successfully struggle out his lap as he comments with a sweet tone. “I welcome the company being more of a night owl like you…”
My eyeballs shift automatically to the battle occupying the night starry sky with little tiny dots of fires and flames displaying the colors of red, blue, yellow, orange, white, and purple then lots of bright yellow powder puffs which are the Angel Dust of dead Angels.
I lightly sob, thinking mentally the reward for being a good Soul on Earth then a good Angel in Heaven is snuffed out in a few seconds as Garrison and Quanta emphasize over and over again the potential promise of the Angel and the Angel’s test or failure…
Argus twists my body around to see me crying as I whimper helplessly. “I’m so lost.”
He hugs me closetly with his biceps then chuckles into my eardrums. “I’m here. It’s just a little water…nothing more....Aneathea.” I pull away from the warmth, the touch, and the man as he holds me tighter to his naked chest then narrates softly into my eardrum. “As a small boy, my Father told me stories. May I tell ya a story?” He words softly into my eardrum. “The great….Warrior-leaders wore black armor clad over their winged bodies with lances and shields and fought the dragons as the dragons fought the armies and prevailed not, saving the multitude and winning the days.” I grunt like a wounded animal as Argus continues. “I can read your mind, Angel. I just told ya the story of Saint Michael with the great victories, big heroes….and lots of action, thought bodyguards like you would enjoy that tale.” He chuckles as I wiggle my body trying to move out of his lap then he questions. “What, ya expecting something with a couple of little bunny rabbits and cute puppy dogs?” I giggle as he offers with a nicey-nice tone, grinning and eye burning me with a big smile. “You’re different…from others…Aneathea…”
“Two in the morning, Argus.” Garrison curls his lips, ugly then drones and stands at the archway of the patio door.
I swiftly stand in the wrapped towels and nod my skull at him. “Thanks, Argus.” Smile fast at Argus then present my lips in a flat line as I swing my body in a beeline quickly dragging the beach towels towards the kitchen door and greeting flatly to Garrison. “Good night.”
Thursday. Breakfast. Kitchen. T-storms. 100% precipitation. 61ºF. 7:45 am. Blade finger points at the object while sitting at the breakfast table mopping the fried eggs with his buttered biscuit, naming. “Rain.”
Garrison corrects, reading his new magazine. “I believe this is classified as an spring time thunderstorm.” Boom! Crash! Ping! T-storm produces heavy rain drops, loud thunder, and wild bright lightning indicating a severe storm for the day and part of the night in Birmingham.
Argus bounces happily into the kitchen, announcing, wildly while he eye burns his vision directly at me. “No school.”
Blade repeats. “Rain.”
“Celebrating more of your new found freedoms….Argus.” Garrison curls his lips, ugly while he reads the magazine.
“Capri really stifled my….imagination.” Argus eye burns me, grinning with a toothy smile.
Blade agrees bobbing his skull up and down, smiling while suggesting. “Ditching school works for me! How about a boat ride or a race to the Bahamas in the speed boats?”
Argus confesses and eye burn me. “I feel like racing, not boats. I’m going…”
Garrison names while eye burning Argus. “Rain.”
Argus eye burns at me, wording mysteriously. “Not in Calera….”
Garrison fills. “…to the farm.”
Nia growls like a wounded animal, deeply. “He means the horse stables.”
Garrison enlightens, looking out the window which shows a range of midnight black to Navy blue cloud cover over the entire city limits including downtown and outskirts area of Birmingham as white lightning clashes and thunder barks every three seconds. “Thunderstorms in Calera as well, Argus since your little farm homestead is only thirty miles south bound out of the city limits of Birmingham.” He returns to the magazine, informing. “However, rain is marching all over the entire State of Alabama from the white sands of Mobile to big rocket ships planted at Huntsville until 10:00 pm. You should view the TV stations more often and check the weather before making future plans that you can’t keep.”
Argus extends his arms for the invitation, grinning with a toothy smile, asking pleasantly. “Horse riding in the sunshine…who’s in with me?”
Nia spits, coolly, finishing her oatmeal. “Not me.” 
Blade shakes his black skull side to side while sipping the coffee cup. “Nope. Can I race the boat, instead?”
Garrison answers with a wickedly offer. “Not to the Bahamas but around Lake Martin.”
Blade cheers happily, looking at the rain. “Right on, there, dude!”
Garrison viciously cuts and smiles. “After the rain storm….”
Blade meekly pouts. “Wrong, on, there, sir!”
“Not wearing my new shoes.” Quanta informs, retrieving more hot coffee from the kitchen counter as she taps around in a new pair of designer heels matching her Coral pants suit.
Argus names. “Garrison?”
Garrison reads the magazine and rejects. “Argus. I see rain. I feel rain. I taste rain. And it is raining in Calera as well as Birmingham. You should stay and attend school since the weather’s lousy for outdoor activities…today.”
“Not raining in Calera….” Argus smiles and eye burns me. So, I inquire again…Garrison?”
Garrison returns his eyeballs to the magazine, updating. “Pass me by….please. I enjoy varied hobbies….not associated with wet stinky animals.”
Argus demands. “Need a bodyguard?”
Garrison eye burns me, asking. “Definitely….leaves Aneathea. Care to gallop through the wet tulips with Argus?”
“I love riding horses.” I address, smiling delightfully.
“You’ve ridden before….when, Aneathea?” Garrison frowns with twisted lips, ugly, inquiring with puzzlement.
“I love riding horses….for a try…my first time…trying to ride a horse? Ya know…maybe I love riding…horses.” I lie honestly since I remember riding in 1845 in the state of Tennessee at the age of three years old with my Daddy on top of a chestnut Bay filly.
Argus claps his hands together drawing the attention to him while grinning with a toothy smile and instructs to Garrison while he eye burns me. “Great, let’s go! Jan gots horse clothes for ya. So, we can stay the night and two…”
Garrison reprimands, looking at Argus. “No school, tomorrow, either…Argus.”
Argus instructs, chuckling. “Call me in sick, Garrison…I suddenly have developed a rapid case of Swine Flu.”
Garrison corrects while reading the magazine. “Swine Flu doesn’t thrive in hot weather. How about Rhus radicans?”
Blade leads. “That…is…?”
“Poison ivy.” Garrison curls his lips, ugly then smiles as laughter invades the quiet room.
“Sounds contagious?” Nia wrinkles her forehead, ugly then smiles and laughs at both Garrison and Argus.
Garrison updates, while smirking and looks at me. “It is. So, don’t be sharing anything with Aneathea…Argus…including your pretend Rhus radicans.” The Angels hoot with laughter as Argus grabs my hand swinging us towards the garage traveling like a rocket ship.
Interstate-65. South. T-storms. 90% precipitation. 65ºF. 8:17 am. The Porsche Boxster shines in metallic puke green vomit sitting next to the black racing motorcycle inside the six-numbered garage spaced with 19-inched black chromed wheels, beige leather seats, matching leather console as the loud radio speakers blasts Play that Funky Music by K.C. and the Sunshine Band. The two steel semi-circle roll cage add to the safety of our bodies in case of excess speeding using the 6-speed manual transmission which colors in a beige and steel vertical stick upon the floor of the five feet and nine inched wide little car and three feet and two inches of height as I fold my tall form into one of the two leather seats.
Argus revs engines like a growling, and stalking African tiger, exiting the garage into the hurricane-type winds, tear dropped splashy rain as the big black wipers flap back and forth under the dancing lightning before my eyeballs, and booming thunder inside my eardrums.
“0 to 60 in 4.6 seconds. Power of a jet plane with after burns launched from takeoff…kinda like defunked space shuttle if’an ya…an astronaut.” Argus laughs with a hardy tone, flying stiff finger pads into air like an eagle and describes perfectly our acceleration while my stomach stays behind inside the welcomed garage. “Like to soar…like an eagle. Way up into the sky line passed the moon into the Heavens…kinda like an Angel.” He neck snaps his skull to me winks his eyelid, right, inquiring with a flirtatious flair. “Ya scared of speed, city princess?”
I shake my strawberry blonde skull side to side, and subject change, grinning and flirting back while holding both palms tightly onto the door handle. “Only black T-storms.”
“Stay cool! Not raining in Calera…pretty day for riding beasts with a pretty maiden.” Argus rumbles deep bass drum then winks his eyelid, right at me.
I present duck lips, ugly and remind with a gentle tone. “The weather forecast…I saw it on TV. Rain all day…”
Argus races the car fast down the steeped hill from his manor onto I-65 as I feel the engine rev faster and cruise at a very high speed. “Naw. Not raining…sunny and funny….day… with you, city princess.”
I talk lightly not thinking about Argus breaking the posted speed limit which shows 70 miles-per-hour on Interstate-65 in the heavy rainfall with me and his fragile biological body that easily fragments and fractures from sharp metal and hard objects. “I feel awful leaving the others…in the rain.”
Argus easily smiles, passing in the left lane doing over 90 miles-per-hour as I quickly glance at the speeding dial of the car while we travel by the slow poke moving large transports of semi-trailer trucks and construction vehicles, talking comfortably to me. “Blade doesn’t ride anything that breathes and reproduces. Garrison’s a stick in the mud in the country, blood blue city slicker. Quanta doesn’t know what dirt looks like.” I laugh with a hardy tone at his dangerous devious evil humor as he concludes. “Nia don’t like horses…or horses don’t like Nia? Can’t figure out which?” He cocks his skull at me, winking flirtatiously.
“I think it…Nia.”  I wisely conclude and giggle with a girly tone.
“I think it…agrees.” He bob his skull once with my confirmation then presses the gas pedal as the car roars at 100 miles-per-hour. I use a touch of Angel-sight to see clearly the speedometer.
“You could have invited Capri.” I offer with a peacefully thought but not wishing it so since I like Argus and Argus’ warm hands.
Argus enlightens, watching the roadway as we approach more big heavy transports while speeding in the left lane which is clear of car. “Naw. First off, too nosily, not quiet type. Second off, fake looking, not pretty, third off, don’t need her! Don’t want her! We ain’t alike. Ya scared of heights, city princess?” Argus leans his frame heavily into leather seat, sniggering with delight then neck snaps his skull to me grinning with a toothy smile as we race I-65 as I shake my hair into my eyeballs then he comments. “Good, I like speeding, heights, and lots of sunshine.” He finger points at the bright yellow sun beyond the next hill on I-65. “Look a there, sunshine. This is Calera. My Father owns the land on this west side and Alabama Brier Patch State Park owns land on that side of highway.”
“You say my Father…everyone else here has a Daddy. Why’s that, Argus?” I note studiously.
“Your perceptive, city princess! Well, ‘cause…a sign of respect for my Father. How’s that?” He smiles sweetly turning his face to me.
I bob my skull up and down with the wonderful vocal gesture. “That’s so nice, Argus! So many teens didn’t respect their parents. I did…when…” I suddenly stop as I recall living two previous lives, and the painful loss of both sets of loving parents that I can’t share with anyone…Human that is.
“You’re a teen, thought you…the older woman.” Argus jokes with his silly statement then laughs with a hardy tone.
The car turns right then driveways down the straight smoothly paved road framed by dry white cotton fields on both sides of the tan road as the Antebellum house copies majestically like an ancient Greek picture from my World History Textbook. There are six tall squared-shaped columns holding up the roof tiles and shines in a prettily pink and swirling white pattern embedded into the granite. The outside porch holds four high to very low double wide windows which is good for thieves to enter the manor with a feel good exterior balcony that swings completely around the second level of the manor that features the Emerald-painted double front door entrance way with no welcoming committee.
Argus parks the car at the bottom concrete steps leading towards the grand porch and Emerald-painted double doors then quickly pops out the driver’s door, jogging around the car bumper and grabs my passenger door handle, slamming open the horizontal metal. Argus holds his hand for my exit, grinning with a biggy smile as I stand while he snakes his arm around my waist as we elegantly stroll up the eighteen steps…(I counted)….towards the closed door.
He tosses his free hand and twists the knob, entering, and presenting as he finger points at the short cowgirl in her dirty jeans, muddy cowgirl boots, and low hanging cowgirl hat that covers her eyeballs and names. “Jan.” He finger points at me, intros. “Aneathea. She needs jeans, boots, and hat, please…being only a city princess, not a rodeo queen.” He winks his eyelid, right at me as Jan motions me towards the steps for my new fashion statement.
cotton/horse farm, Calera, sunny skies, partly cloudy, 67ºF, 8:35 a.m. Argus and I model in our matching long-sleeved red and white checkered-boarded cotton shirts with the faded pencil skinny blue jeans over matching cherry black Gator cowgirl and cowboy boots. He escorts me holding my hand leading us to the Barn, motions with his finger pads at me then finger points at his friends. “These are American Quarter Horses. The breed of these horses that like to run….way fast…faster than my Boxster...” Argus chuckles with delight as I smile at him then continues, padding to the horse’s forehead. “And…they’re used by police law enforcement officers and on little kids’ nature trials. So…ya see…they be nice and friendly to all folks…if’an you’re a good Soul.” Argus winks his eyelid, right at me moving to the next stall with a different horse.
He two-steps right, moseys down to each individually stall holding a different color of horse, educating. “Quarter horses are birthed to a certain patterns of colorings like bay, brown, black, chestnut, red dun, blue roan, Palomino, buckskin, and gray.” He gently pats the new horse’s forehead then continues. “Official, this gray coloring is called ‘white’ but they ain’t really any white Quartet horses only white marking on their face, or below the knees, or around them socks.” He produces an apple then muzzles its mouth as the horse grabs and chews the fruit while horse juice drools from its lips then Argus continues. “This here’s Mojo. Mojo stands twenty hands…that’s about seven feet. I’m six, six. Good ride for me.” He body spins his face then measures with a single hand against my upper arm and squats down with his hand measuring and calculating then her grins with a silly smirk, and maths. “Your about fifteen hands almost six feet, right?” I nod my skull in silence as he two-steps to the next stall. “That’s a good rider partner for me.” He winks his eyelid, left and swings his skull to the next stall, chuckling as I two-step behind him.
Argus gently pats the colored horse with the Buckskin pattern on the forehead, produces another apple for horse’s teeth and tongue then he clicks like a hen chicken as the horse nods his skull up and down with visual thank you. “This here’s Bucky noted for her buckskin color. See the light brown to tawny colorization in her skin and pretty black mane, tail, and socks…like little kid socks around her hoofs. This here’s a cutting horse. Pat her…” Argus slowly glides my hand to her soft forehead, grinning with a toothy smile.
Argus compliments to me, smiling. “See…she likes ya. I can tell.” I stroke the course black thick forelock which is composed of black hair as Argus explains. “Them horses are athletic animals possessing magically innate ‘cow senses’ and I do mean…literally. Horses have the odd ability to swirl, twirl, and turn sharply to keep them cows from returning to the herd in which they are born with….that’s a gift from Our Maker.”
Argus bobs his skull up and down as I agree and nod back my skull in silence acceptance, smiling with him then he continues. “This sport ability rose from the actually American West when cows needed to be vaccinated, castrated or sorted for some reason from other cattle herds, then over time the job developed into a national sport at all the Rodeos across the United States.”
Argus lifts the steel latch of stall upright, leading both Mojo and Bucky by their cloth red halters over their skulls toward the Cedar red wooden post that stands about three feet high, clicking separate tan reins into the halters. He grabs the pail holding stiff plastic brushes and starts brushing Bucky’s tan coat as it finger points at the second brush. I jog to the pail and grab the brush dragging it down Mojo’s gray soft coat ironing out the hay weeds and grass particles shining his skin clear and smooth with my hands.
Argus holds his hand for my brush then replaces both into the pail while decorating Bucky for our pleasure riding down the flat trail as he lectures to me. “In real life and real rodeo, horse and rider work together, select and separate single cow from small pack. As cow tries to return to herd, rider loosens the reins….(holds tan long leather in air)…puts the hand on saddle horn and hangs on to dear life as horse and cow bob heads until cornered and roped by another cowboy….(lifts the brown leather saddle in the air)…grab them blankets…off the rack.” I pull two thick short blankets colored in weaved red/green/black squares from the railing, tosses over the horse as Argus pitches the leather saddle over her spine then cinches the leather belt over her stomach gut, yanks the leathers tightly then wraps the tan riding reins around wood post.
Argus pivots gathering a black leather saddles then dresses the gray Quarter horse, grinning a toothy smile at me as he squats and attaches white cloth boots to horses’ hind legs, teaching to me. “Splint boots protect the horse’s forelegs from injury if the iron shoe attached to the hoof accidentally catches the other leg as it strikes ground for balance. Mojo used to be a barrel racer. Ya know…run around plastic round sandy filled barrels faster…than my Porsche.” He winks his eyelid, right grinning with a wickedly smirk then updates. “And Mojo and Bucky are old. They enjoy riding for a short period of time since its good exercise but we take care great of their old legs and joints…kinda like old folks.” He works the tan bridle and silver bit into each mouth then scratches Bucky’s forehead with a tender hand, calling. “Gimme your boot.” He cups his finger pads together, ordering. “Give ya a boost.” I place my left boot into his hands then toss my right leg over her back, rolling sideways directly into the saddle and settling comfortable into the leather seat with tiptoe boots into the stirrups as Argus glides the reins into my hands.
He mounts precisely in one long swing into his Western saddle and lazies the reins around the saddle horn, instructing dangerously. “We start a long walk, first, then trot…like slow, controlled jog and then lope, called canter…then …” He smiles wickedly and winks his eyelid, right at me.
“No, Argus!” I shake sideways my bright red cowgirl hat covering my red hair.
“Yeah, city princess!” He chuckles with a devilishly tone and finger points towards the east direction. “That way! Hold reins looser…(pulls the reins from my tight grip)…like that…Bucky knows the exact spot. Ya doing good, Aneathea. Great job, city princess. We goes towards the pond. Okay?” I nod my skull in silence as Argus and Mojo take the lead slightly towards the woodlands.
Bucky and I roughly bump together as a horse can on a flat dirt trail towards the hidden pond side by side with Mojo and Argus while he narrates in more horse knowledge. “The Quarter horse is the first breed of horse native to America which evolved from the bloodlines of Arab, Turk, and Barb horse breeds. During the Colonial American, the landowners brought and shipped the blue blood steeds from the countries of England and Ireland in the early 1600s. Resulting in this is great beast…(pats Mojo’s arched neck)…compact, heavily muscled with a passion for short fast racing….like my Porsche.” He chuckles and winks his eyelid, right at me then continues. “Them animals run short distance over a straightaway faster than any other horse in US of A. First race was in Enrico County, Virginia in 1674 with one-on-one match races going and coming down narrow village streets, country lanes, and other level field pastures.”
I remind. “I remember reading the same historical information but…we are not racing, Argus.”
Argus lectures throwing his still finger pads towards the sun. “Go West, young man, so did his Quarter Horse. During the 1800s, the big cattle ranches stretched across the great dusty plains, the horse’s natural built-in sonar focused on their ‘cow sense’ coupled with their natural calm disposition towards folks made them horses the number one friend of cowboys and the number enemy of cows.” Argus bursts with deep bass drum laughter at his creative lame joke as I giggle with a girly tone then he continues.
“Quartet horses possess heavy muscles and a run sprinter’s speed that gives a prominent feature towards the American roping and barrel racing against the refined English Show Jumpers and second best friends of Humans….dogs.” He kicks the stomach then Mojo trots into a steady pace as Bucky duplicates the horse’s style while I jerk, jolt, and jar painfully in the leather saddle from the vertical bumper car ride on hoofs and dirt against my tender bee_hind since I haven’t ridden since the Earth year of 1845.
Argus grins with a silly smirk, lecturing. “A horse’s gallop feels like the steed’s back muscles are moving up and down and both back and forth. Ya know…like a swing…(holds his hand parallel to ground moves it like a swing)….when the hind legs engage, the head and neck raises as the hind legs steps under then as the head and neck drops, the legs push off the ground. When the legs touch ground again, the head and neck are low for the stride, then come back up as horse gathers speed. During galloping, the head and neck continue back and forth fast…faster than my Porsche.” He chuckles with a devilishly timbre as I roller ball my pupils into my skull because I understand the concept of riding and galloping but don’t particular feel galloping into a race at the moment since the sun is shining while I enjoy my free but limited time with the cute Human-teen named Argus.
Argus balances on his boot soles inside the middle stirrups and orders, grinning with a wickedly smirk as he neck snaps his skull to me. “Now, we do a two-point position canter. Raise your bee_hind out of saddle, lean slightly forward to balance the horse’s center of gravity, hold onto the horn, focus on the landscape and push your boot toes deep into stirrups…more freedom for Bucky, let her do the work and you enjoy the ride, especially when jumping over tall obstacles.”
“No.” I cry uselessly as Argus nudges Mojo into a graceful lope then Bucky quickly canters two-seconds later as I hold the round saddle horn with ten finger pads while crossing my ten toes nails with luck while enjoying the smooth flowing cool-in-my-face ride as the trees and scrubs become green ghosts within my peripheral eyesight.
Argus direct points with his index finger point. “Over the fence…”
“No.” I cry for a second time.
Argus leans his torso heavily into the neck of horse like a straight sewing pin then quickly uprights at the waist and neck snaps his face to me and winks his eyelid, right, smiling with a toothy smile and offer. “Mojo says no problem.” Argus kicks the snot out of Mojo’s stomach as the stallion gathers more speed while Bucky duplicates the speed and danger towards the fence.
“NO!” I cry for a third time lifting my bee_hind in air like a bumble bee, planting securely my boot toes deeply into the saddle stirrups and bend at my kneecaps for the impact from ground to air back to the ground following his obtuse instructions as the broken part up and part down wooden fencing post columns with a two feet height materializes within my violet eyeballs.
Argus grins with a toothy smile, leaning his face towards me and lectures. “Horses switch their leads on approach and over the fence. They lead right then they land on the left. Feel the horse, let her do the work…and hang on…”
“Nooo,” I sing in soprano as Bucky gathers more speed like a freight train, water foamy sweat pours out her body from the heated and humid springtime warm weather while snorting loudly and breathing heavy as her skull bobs up and down like bouncing ball then we fly like birds, soaring high and long over the fence…then silence for….1 second. 2 seconds.
Bucky loudly thunders on her front hoofs as clay red tornados tear from her rear hoofs as dirt swirls and twirls from takeoff to landing with her skull bobbing up and down, snorting loudly and breathing heavy while the two horses race like a pair of jet fighters towards the lake pond against each other and against Argus.
I hold the sweaty leather horn and painfully jolt at my kneecaps then lean my body like a straight pen over her dark brown mane and sweaty neck suddenly back into her center of gravity over my saddle as our smooth flight intersects the hard ground when I neck snap my skull to Argus, grinning like a silly kid with giggles along with Argus grin and chuckle along with his winking eyelid, right.
Mojo slows down to a canter then paces into a trot as Bucky follows and strolls into a walk as the horse breathes heavy and pure the new air molecules from the gently woodland breeze upon seeing the tiny fresh buds of green grass Mojo suddenly stops and drops his lips to the tender grass for a snack. Argus leaps, T-rex from his saddle, jogging to Bucky and calls. “Whoa, girl!” He grabs her bridle, leading her next to Mojo while ordering sweetly. “Come on down, city princess. Gots more adventures before suppertime.”
I swing my right leg from the saddle as Argus grabs my waist with both hands, assisting gently me down to the ground and shuffling quickly me to the rock formation designs that appear like a complete Living Room set of back-less and leg-less chairs. He educates to me, finger pointing at the rock. “Limestone boulders, good solid earth materials for building concrete bridges and roadways around here…in Bama.” Argus tosses me the pack of sealed peanut butter and crackers, ordering. “Let’s break, nourish our bellies.” He quickly sits and tenderly pats the empty boulder in the shape of a backless chair as I quietly sit and eat ladylike one cracker at a time as Argus narrates between his bites of food, finger points at the tree tops in the south direction. “Ya like to climb?” I nod my skull in silence then he continues. “That’s Berry Patch State Park. No hunting. No fishing…only sightseeing.” He finger points at the tree tops in the north direction, explaining. “That’s my Father’s property. No hunting. No fishing…only sightseeing.” He stands quickly and roughly brushes the food crumbs from his red and white checker-board shirt, grinning silly at me then body spins towards the horses and ties tan riding reins around the horn, then he in a surprise move he loudly slaps each bee_hind as Mojo loudly neighs with displeasure then viciously gallops away at full horse speed following by Bucky.
I unladylike lope towards Argus, yelling really loud and finger pointing at the runaway horses. “We’re stranded, Argus. The horses are escaping…without us.”
“Naw, city princess. They head home for suppertime. We go up, up, and away into the pretty clouds. Gots more adventures.” He grins with a wickedly smile, grabbing my hand and shuffling us towards the worn dirt path, leading through a winding trail of overgrown thorny deep green bushes and overhanging long brown tree limbs as we carefully move around nature object like seasoned mountain hikers…well Argus is.
I climb and breathe then pant and climb and breathe then pant and stumble in my cowgirl boots then mew, kitten-like as I recover and climb then step over small rocks and long tree branches following behind Argus’ board shoulders towards the clear top of the mountain peak. I soldierly stand straight and tall feeling like I am almost touching the clear beautiful baby blue sky and white fluffy clouds then I squat on my bee_hind, crouch-walking towards kneeled Argus who faces the drop-off of the mountain.
He neck snaps his skull to me, grinning with a toothy smile and finger points with his right hand in the far distance as I follow the direction, cupping my finger pads over my eyeballs for a better view, spotting preciously the little things, “Babies.”
Argus shoulders his hands over my arms blocking me into his chest, whispering gently into my eardrums like a set of butterfly wings, “American Eagle chicks. Found them, last week when riding…just birthed…native Alabamians.” He chuckles with light tone then asks. “Ya scared of more height?” I nod side to side slightly my red skull in awe and wonderment as he instructs. “Follow me!”
I follow the leader, stomping cowgirl boots over the tree roots then the small rock boulders then the patches of dry and wet leaves as we swing under the low tree limbs, and finally, we arrive at flat tea table cliff of breath-taking silver-whitish limestone rock.
Argus shuffles toward the skyline, planting his bee_hind on the solid rock, scooting his body towards the edge of nothingness as his shins hangs over the air like a ghost then he tenderly pats the empty spot between his legs, inviting. “Sit here, city princess.”
I mice-squeak. “There!”
He tenderly pats the spot between his legs. “…like riding in front of a horse or a motorcycle or a bicycle. Right, here!” He grins with a wickedly smirk and winks his eyelid, left.
I vocal, croak-like. “Okay.” I straddle over his left thigh then gingerly step a right boot into the empty spot, squatting slowly down on my bee_hind as my legs plummet the air waves like a ghost then wiggle my sexy body against his hard body muscular chest, abdomen, and lower body parts as Argus giggles with a silly sound. He places his strong muscular bicep around my waist, happily securing me to the cliff and him as I smile and giggle like a silly teenager.
He finger points at the bird nest. “Eagles are large, powerfully built birds of prey with heavy head and beak, weigh 14 pounds, 42 inches in high, and 8 feet of wing span for females, have large hooked beaks for tearing flesh from food, strong muscular legs, and powerful talons with keen eyesight up to 3.6 times more then the Human acuity. Eagles build nests, or eyries in strong tall older nature structures…like 200-year-old trees that live here…in Bama which is near the water while they lay two eggs. Then, the older chick (usually female) frequently kills her younger brother and sister once hatched as the parents take no action to stop the killing.”
“No,” I vocal, froggy.
Argus lectures. “Yeah, eggs hatch in the order they laid. Eaglets break their shell by their baby egg tooth which is the pointed sharp bump on top of their baby beak, taking 12 to 48 hours. Once eggs are hatched, Mama Eagle stands vigilance over her babies as Daddy Eagle provides food. See….(finger points at the babies in the nest within my Angel-sight distance)…them grayish-white covers over their small bodies. Them legs wobble with weakness and eyeballs are partially closed, limiting their short vision. Their only protection is their Mama and Daddy. Eagles shred meat from the killed prey and coaxes the tiny chick to eat from their stinky bad breathe beaks….(I giggle)….while standing on the nest as the parent birds move around on their talons balled into folded fists to avoid accidentally skewering their own little babies.”
“Wow!” I hum musically.
“Eaglets grow rapidly. At three weeks, they’re one foot high and their feet and beaks are near adult size. At five weeks, they can eat and tear up food. At six weeks, the stand tall like Mama and Daddy. They flight at 13 weeks and single free adults at 20 weeks. Eagles live up to 30 years. Once upon a time, there lived 25,000 of them beautifully creature thousands of years before the United States of America formed as a great nation of folks, soaring through the free baby blue skies over the wood timber-bordered lakes, fresh clean streams, and salty coastlines. Now, there calculates around 10,000 eagles in USA and a little more in Alaska, and Canada. The prime reason being the domination by selfish needs of Humans…”
“Yeah,” I nod my skull once then grin with a silly smile at the little baby animals.
“Watch this!” Argus pitches the three loose limestone pebbles into air, hitting precisely the side of dead tree bark near the nest as I see two chick skulls bob up and down, hearing tiny baby squawks with my Angel-eardrums. Argus snort loudly then hugs me closetly with both strong and warm biceps as I giggle at the precious sight.
“So cute,” I say, softly.
Argus whispers softly into my right eardrum. “Just like a city princess, I know.” He partial lifts my armpits into the air then commands. “Scoot up, so we cans leave! I see Mama Eagle coming to the rescue. Them parents veer only about one or two miles from their chicks.” Argus slowly stands and quickly scoots us away from the dangerous cliff while holding my armpits so I don’t fall off the steep cliff then steps safely away from the edge towards the rock bed as I swing towards his body.
Argus stumbles backwards on cowboys against the solid rock boulder then tumbles forward to catch his balance directly into my open arms from the accidental fall, calling. “Great catch, Aneathea.” I smile as he wraps both biceps around my waist, sweet breathing into my face. “Ya scared of mud slides?”
“No, Argus.” I word softly, smiling.
He finger points down the slope of the mountain side. “New trail leads down, round us back towards the pastures to my friend Betsy.” He release the warm hold and swings in the opposite direction and leads, first then he drop offs the edge of the mountain as I gallop to the edge.
I see him slide down the loose gray gravel like a pro snow boarder with his arms parallel to the dirt then I place my left boot for guidance and my right foot for steering with both arms bent at elbows for balance then I jump, kitten-like onto the loose gray pebbles, sailing like a boat down the smooth gray and tan hillside, seeing Argus jump onto the grassy soft green patch as he quickly turns his face, staring at me.
Then, I uncontrollably plow my body into his hard chest and arm muscles, panting breathlessly between my giggles while he wraps a set of strong biceps around my shoulder and at my waist keeping me from falling onto the dirt and grass while hearing faint mumbles from his lips.
“Funny move, city princess.” He prettily compliments then grins with a toothy smile.
“Sorry, my first time…” I meekly say as he chuckles then releases me from the warm embrace.
He pivots us toward the thick green and brown woodlands, trucking over more dead tree limbs and wet leaves as he curls his left bicep around my shoulder, seeking his new friend Betsy, asking. “Ya scared of bears?”
“No, Argus.” I word firmly.
Argus whispers into my face, grinning with silly smile. “Good, lots of bears in these mountains…maybe cougars. Ya scared of cats?”
“No, Argus.” I word firmly.
He suddenly stops, shuffling his body behind me. “Just asking, see the spotted owl…over there.” He finger points at each critter, shuffling a pair of strong biceps around me while we avoid the tree snagging its limbs in our faces and scattering around the nature props for stumbling feet around the bushes as we walk deeper into the woodlands. “Pair of Blue-tail Swallows, they’re good bug hunters in the air using their slender bodiess as weapons.” He finger points at the birds, lecturing. “See…there…its a long Blue Pointed-Tail Swallow, that’s a male. His tail gots twelve features deeply forked which increases the maneuverability of their flying while it functions as…a sexual adornment.” He chuckles between the words while wrapping his biceps tightly around me for fun then releases his arms from the hold and lecture. “Female Swallows only like mates with a long lengthening…” He chuckles and winks his eyelid, right and finishes. “Tail…” Argus shifts his body beside me holding my hand as we carefully walk around more tree limbs and thorny low scrubs. He suddenly stops, while shifting behind me and holding steady my shoulders and leans into my eardrums, hums. “Shhh!” I shift uncomfortably as he hums musically. “Shhh! Watch this!”
My eyeballs dart at the slick movement, seeing a small square-like grayish-brown top coat of an animal with white color under its belly and furred brown tail that leaps, kitten-like from the tree branch about 15 feet high into air like a funky bird then soars, kite-like without flapping its wings to the sister tree branch about 60 yards in flight as Argus names. “Southern Flying Squirrel is the smallest of tree squirrels, weighs three ounces, lengths about eight inches. It doesn’t actually fly but rather uses its loose folds of skin called patagium between the wrist of fore and hind legs as a combo of parachute and sail then glides to the tree limb. They are capable of gliding distances of 80 yards or greater, can turn, or change at any angle of descent. Just before landing, its drops tail, and lifts its forequarters, slackening the flight skin like air brake to land sure-footed in flight but they’re relatively clumsy on ground.” He chuckles with the weird science explanation then lectures to me while finger pointing beside my face in the distance as my eyeballs focus. “Hear it and look at that, he’s flying to his mate in the old Woodpecker hole dig out of the old 150-year-old Oak tree.” I stare at the Flying Squirrel then hear the faint bird-like song as they greet and meet each other in their home then I smile at Mother Nature and her beautiful Earth-world.
Argus gently pushes me forward around more overhanging tree branches as we stumble over low brushes then he sees and names loudly. “BETSY.”
I suddenly stop walking and park folded fists on my hips, eye burning the metal machine. “A tractor?”
Argus tenderly pats the clay red dry mud on the electric blue chrome metal finder covering the big black tire then motions with both hands and details while finger pointing at his machine friend. “Betsy, ain’t no tractor. She’s the fastest girl I know, travels 50 MPH, and the only trust-worthy one on entire Planet Earth.” He pauses for drama, smiling and nodding his skull at me then calls. “Ya scared of tractors, city princess?” Argus rumbles in bass drum holding the passenger door open on the machine, inviting me.
“No, Argus.” I smile with a goofy grin, shaking my skull side to side in disbelief that his best friend is a metal female as I march around more low bushes towards Argus.
I climb the three metal thin planks as Argus holds me steady at the waist as I pace side to side on the thin ladder with no railings and use my hands touching parts of the machine then I high-jump with male bicep assistance into the door waddling towards one of two silver fabric lined buck seats.
Argus rounds the engine then leaps, T-rex into the tractor cab, neck snapping his skull at me with a precious goofy smile as he cranks the cold engine like twisting the ignition switch on a car, lecturing. “Betsy’s better than truck. She gots 4-wheel drive, a loud radio…(turns up the volume of playing Country music song)…3-gears for go, stop, and reverse, 360 window view of woodlands, farmlands and skyline, smoke stack…(toot. toot.)…and horn….(beep. beep)…and you.” He names as I giggle with a girly tone while turning strawberry red with embarrassment being a part of Argus’ small world…today.
The electric blue-painted tractor climbs up the medium hillside of maize (corn) stalks as we listen to Country music and slide backwards into the chair then parks the tractor on top of the plateau. Argus stands from his driving silver chair and shifts behind the seat, patting tenderly the headrest that reaches the rear of your skull.
“Pilot my chariot, milady.” Argus smile and tilts his face towards me while rubbing the soft fabric with his finger pads.
“Me.” I mice-squeak and stare at the empty pilot’s seat.
“Yeah, you, come on over, Angel.” Argus extends his open palm to me like a southern gentleman then I place my hand in his warm hand and stand, walking towards the chair as he calls. “Wait…I gots to sit first.”
He shifts around the other side of the buck seat, sliding into the rear while spreading his kneecaps wide with a spot for my bee_hind, again as I narrow my eyelashes and comment. “I think this is a plot to…”
“…to what…what am I plotting to do, Aneathea?” Argus wiggles his eyebrows, funny and tenderly pats the spot with his left hand as I struggle between the round steering wheel and his hard body for a second time, today.
“I…,”smile and comment. “….will figure that out later…Argus.” I remark and place my hands on the round steering wheel as Argus touches both his hands over mine then he rolls the tractor using the gear hand pedals on the steering wheel forward.
The tractor jolts and jerks along the plowed red clay clumps as I bounce and grind into his hard chest muscles while he giggles like a girl then sometimes grunts like a wounded animal with his whispers softly echoing into my eardrums like a set of butterfly wings. “You’re a good cowgirl, Aneathea. You can ride a horse, hike a mountain, drive a tractor, and…tame a cowboy.” I giggle without any returning words since I’m a little overwhelmed with his soft side as we chug along the hills and valley with the sun setting in pretty colors of red and pink as we watch it smile with toothies, nod our skulls then dive our bodies over the mountain.
He steers the tractor using the grill high lights into the fresh water creek as the big black four tires rock back and forth against the rippling water then Argus toots the white smoke from the smoke stack for fun and chuckles as he slowly shifts my right hand towards his face and kisses the top of knuckles then says. “What’da ya think of my farm, city princess?”
“I love your…farm. I love being here. This place reminds me…of…” I dump without more explanation since I keep referencing my past Human lives on Planet Earth because the Heavenly Sanitation process don’t work on me for some very strange odd reason as I frown in frustration.
“…of what? How can you be reminded of something you’ll have never visited? I don’t understand, Aneathea.” Argus debates with puzzlement since I can’t see his face but hear his confusing words.
“I reminded of the books that I read for my homework assignments. Garrison is a master over me…” I try to word without trying to lie since I’m an Angel and must tell the truth at all times.
“Garrison is a master over nobody. Do you like it here with me, Aneathea?” Argus asks with a firm tone. “I mean to say I hope you like it here…with me, Aneathea.”
I twist my body in a funny position to see his baby blue eyes and answer with a honest heart, mind, and soul. “I love it here. I want to visit…as much as possible…with you, Argus. Do you believe me?”
“Yes. I do. Let’s take her up the hillside. I want to show ya something, Aneathea.” Argus commands as he drives the tractor from the Creek and up and over another next hill that fills with smooth rolling mounds of green grass of pastures used for feed to the horses and cows as he parks and shuts down the engine in total darkness except for the light from the full moon beaming over the grass making tiny flashes of diamonds along the wet dew from the night air.
Argus flips on the overhead lights inside the cab then wiggles inside the pilot’s seat as I stand out of the way then he jumps up from chair marching toward the metal and slams open the tractor door when he leaps, T-rex onto the grass as he pauses at the bottom of the thin ladder and calls. “Aneathea, come on down.” I stand at the open door as Argus holds his arms in a semi-circle and calls. “Jump into my arms, Aneathea. I promise to catch ya, honey. Come on, jump to me before the overhead lights fade inside the cab.”
I hesitate then see his bright smile between the shining rays of moonlight and leap, T-rex closing my eyelashes while I land perfectly between his biceps, not touching the ground with my boot heels since Argus supports my entire body with his taunt muscles. He pulls me into his chest and smiles with a biggy grin then drops my boots onto the smooth grass, leaving me standing alone and cold as he turns soldierly towards the rear end of the tractor, flipping the small metal compartment and lifts a single an orange cheap vinyl patio pool folded at the silver metal struts lounge chair from the trunk of the tractor, smiling and asking. “Ya scared of cows?”
“No, Argus.” I say and smile as I park near his body then he hands off a yellow cheap vinyl patio pool folded at the silver metal struts lounge chair.
He twirls his body as leader of the trail towards the outlined strands of moonlight against the grayish-green hill following the moon beams as we climb up, talking. “We tote up hill and eat supper.” He holds the brown weave picnic basket in his left hand while swaying the chair in his right, explaining. “Jan has prepared us supper some good home cooking fried chicken…and…pork and beans, and other country stuff…just like true cowboys of the American West, right, cowgirl.”
“Yee-haw.” I shout loudly then giggle with a silly girly tone, raising my folded fist striking the air like a true cowgirl.
Argus swings his body in an 180 degree rotation and faces me, and marching backwards in the grass, sliding the patio pool folding chair into his left hand then offers his right hand as we climb towards the peak of the hillside, complimenting. “Pretty good rebel cry…for a city princess. We work on your girly alto, tomorrow.” I grab his hand as we trot higher onto the short grasslets swaying around the fire ant mounds, sailing over hidden rabbit holes, and soaring over stacked cow patties among the bright starry sky when Argus stops suddenly at the peak of the hillside, planting the picnic basket on the grass, calling. “Right, here….supper is served.”
He unfolds the portable patio lounge chair posing it east to west aligning with the moon light as I trot my body and un-folded patio pool chair vertical in the air next to Argus in parallel formation for laying out my furniture, giggling. Argus lifts my folded chair into the air and shifts it from my selected spot, placing my foot stool over his foot stool as they interlock over the vinyl material then announces. “Ya see, they form a tiny table for our magnificent feast.” He chuckles in his sexy bass drum as I smile and giggle with a girly tone then he finger points at the yellow seat and head rest. “You, there, city princess. Me, here.”
Argus straddles the orange seat like mounting a stallion as I glide ladylike my bee_hind and fold my legs curved at the ankles like a Southern Belle upon the south side of the yellow light weight patio pool lounge folding chair. He opens the picnic basket picking out the food items after laying out a green and white checkered cotton cloth over the intersecting lounge chairs that forms a small table. The supper entrées includes a tray of golden brown fried chicken parts along with four cans of cold baked brown beans with six slices of white bread rolls and four milk bottles as Argus sits one milk bottle near my plastic plate then he finger points in silence at the food. I select my food items for supper consisting of a single one bread roll, one can baked beans, and a single piece of fried chicken breast.
Argus plows with a manly appetite polishing off the rest of the items including the remaining three cans of baked beans, five bread rolls, and six pieces of chicken including the other breast, two wings, two thighs, and two drumsticks that I didn’t retrieve for my supper.
He finishes the first drumstick in three bites then licks the bone clean and picks up the second one, holding it out in the air and inquires with some type of Southern manners. “Ya want a drumstick, there’s only two?” Then he dumps half the contents of his milk from his bottle after the question.
“I prefer the white meat, thanks.” I explain after consuming my entire can of cold baked beans and single delicious bread roll while I unsuccessfully cut and scratch at the golden brown thickly breaded chicken breast with a small plastic knife and fork from the picnic basket as the big oval-shaped hunk of meat swiftly slides to the right side of my small plastic plate for the third time.
Argus chews on the drumstick meat watching me with interest as he chuckles when the chicken breast flies almost off the plate and into my lap then hums in deep bass drum. “Naw, city princess! That’s not the right way to eat chicken. Ya got to use your fingers, teeth, and lips like a real cowgirl. No silverware needed.” He lifts the greasy fried chicken breast then looks at me while he tears the thick meaty sections pulling it apart then lays the broken chicken onto his plate, explaining. “Okay. You can tear it off from the bone but ya gots to eat it with your fingers. No forks allowed.”
“No fingers allowed. Thanks for cutting…tearing the meat, Argus. I can take it from here.” I hold the plastic fork in the air ready to grab the pre-offered white juicy meat from Argus’ finger pads instead he grins with a wicked smile.
“I’ll feed ya. Open your mouth.” Argus jerks the last piece of torn meat from the bone, holding it out in the air like he going to feed some overhead birdies, smiling with a goofy grin.
I seriously react by dropping my jaw line open then crinkle my forehead, ugly. “Beg pardon.”
“Open your mouth. I’m going to feed ya like a little kid so’s ya don’t get chicken parts on our matching cowboy and cowgirl shirts.” Argus wildly announces, shuffling the white meat within his folded fingers towards my face and orders again. “Open your mouth.”
“No, Argus. I’m a grown…person.” I debate being a mature but young Angel without my wings but trying to earn them which doesn’t include a cute billionaire’s son babying me. 
Argus moves the meat slowly towards my face then orders. “Don’t bite me. Okay. Or, I might bite ya back…” He chuckles in a hardy tone.
“No.” I fold my hands over my shirt, shaking my skull side to side like a little kid.
“Yes.” He guides the meat though the air like a puppet towards my shaky skull.
“Argus.” I name with annoyance at the silly maneuver.
“Close your eyeballs as well…” He orders while slowly sliding the meat in the air towards my face.
“Argus.” I name with more annoyance.
“It’s fun, Aneathea! Don’t ya like fun and games like hide and go seek.” Argus debates with a fine point then smiles with a beautiful set of perfect white teeth.
“Fine.” I say, softly.
“Close your eyeballs and lean towards the plate.” He orders and smiles holding the meat hostage against my watering taste buddies.
I shut my eyelashes and offer. “My eyeballs are closed but if my eyeballs are closed then I can’t see the food sailing in the air.” I argue then smash my eyelashes upright and grin with a silly smirk.
“And you can’t chew the chicken if’an you’re beating your lips together. Open your mouth.” Argus orders as I comply by closing my eyelashes creating total darkness since the moon light is pale against the surrounding dark grass of the pastureland as I lean my skull arching my swan neck towards the invisible meat while trusting in Argus.
“Fine.” I say, softly.
“A little closer, Aneathea,” he orders with a firm tone as I glide my face and neck over my plate then he voices. “Come closer, Aneathea.” Argus taunts as I sail my skull over the make-shift table feeling the double material of vinyl between my finger pads as he commands. “Almost there!” He joshes in his bass drum timbre while I lean my face, neck, and shoulders over my plate and the make-shift table into his orange chair with my eyeballs closed as I crawl upon my hands and kneecaps to reach the meat.
“Here it comes!” Argus calls to my eardrums within the blindness from my pupils as he hovers the juicy meat two inches from my nostrils then I surrender the moment as I open my jaw lowering my lips and exposing my pink tongue then Argus giggles like a girl as he places the meat into my mouth. I close my lips, chewing vigorously on the juicy meat with my eyeballs shut and blind as Argus praises with a sweet sing. “Good girl.”
My kneecap slides to the left from the slick vinyl of my chair as I tumble forward in an uncontrollable fall and plow into a wall of steel flesh while Argus grabs both the sleeves of my cowgirl sleeve as he giggles like a girl. I open my eyelashes as I nestle his neck and collar bone on the left side while Argus pulls my body backwards from his chest, commenting, “Funny move, city princess.”
“Sorry, Argus,” I quickly word then jerk back my tallness from his loose gripe of muscles as he chuckles.
“You can stay here for a spell while I feed ya the rest of the chicken breast.” He offers with a friendly tone, winking his eyelid, left at me.
“No, I can feed myself inside my own seat.” I jolt my bee_hind and working kneecaps backward crawling into my patio pool lounge chair while I straighten my messy shirt and my messy hair. Argus lands the torn pieces of chicken in a circle on my plastic plate then eats one of the fat juicy pieces and smile with food between his molars as I giggle.
“Made ya laugh…” He comments and remarks. “Thought I was losing my touch…with…” He pauses for drama then names. “City princesses…,” he winks his eyelid, right and swings his skull towards the picnic basket while examining the next items for food.
“Looky what I found four sets of mini-pecan pies. These are delicious on your taste buddies. Okay. Open your mouth, Aneathea.” Argus holds the pie between his finger pads, smiling and chuckling.
I can’t bear to fall into his lap again so I honestly lie. “I don’t want dessert. You can eat the tin pecan pies, Argus.”
Argus shakes his skull side to side, ordering with a sweet tone, “Just one little pie. Open your mouth for me, Aneathea.”
“Argus.”
“One pie then you can eat your chicken in peace. I promise.” Argus negotiates with me as I bob my skull up and down several times in silence than lean my swan neck towards the hovering pecan pie as he glides the sweet dessert into my mouth.
“Mmm, good,” I offer with my tongue filled with gooey pie filling.
“Good girl.” Argus compliment then shoves two little pies into his mouth, chewing vigorously as he smiles with closed teeth at me. I finish my slices of torn chicken breast then we clean up the mess of crumbs, plates, and garage on our make-shift table then stretch out upon the patio pool lounge chairs before we return to the manor for bed time.
First quarter moon. Starry skies. 57ºF. 8:32 p.m. I rub my tummy with my left hand filled with the delicious home cooked Southern food, stretching my long legs and long arms from my hair roots to my toenails on the yellow cheap patio pool folding lounge chair. I firmly tuck the soft sides of the light wool blanket between my knees then stare studiously into the bright and vivid white stars flashing their own auras of light and communication.
Then, I stiffen with tension upon seeing the tiny specks of red and black lights, whimpering softly as I close my eyelashes, blocking my pupil and mentally think of the cute baby eagle chicks feeding from their Mama inside their twig nest on the side of the mountain.
“City princess…,” the orange cheap patio pool lounge chair talks using Argus’ bass drum, rattling with his swaying six feet plus body with tiny mice squeaks as I giggle at the combined musical tones attacking my left eardrum then it repeats. “City princess…,” the chair talks. I giggle feeling heart energy near my left arms and hovering over the left side of my face.
“Yes, Argus,” I voice in flute soprano with my eyeballs closed avoiding the battle in the starry night sky of Angels versus Demons.
“Ya scared of stars?” He inquires with a soft tone of curiosity.
“No, Argus.” I quote my famous motto from this morning to this evening.
“Why ya eyelids closed, Aneathea?” Argus sweet breathes onto my nose bridge, puzzling with more curiosity.
“Resting….just a moment,” I honestly lie with my eyelashes shut from the battle.
“O!” He hums, moving his body deep into the arch of the squeaky chair then finger points into the night sky, naming in bass drum. “I sees Jupiter…over there,” the chair mice squeaks to the right as he continues. “Over here….is red Mars,” the chair mice squeaks to the left. I giggle while he talks. “But…the moon shines best….close is the best term…close like you…you’re close.” I giggle with my eyelashes closed, feeling the sweet breath on my left cheekbone. I open my eyelashes, gently turning my face to the left, and see Argus and Argus’ bright smile making me feel good as he compliments. “Good, ya finished resting.”
I twist my entire six feet and one-inched long body sideways in the chair, hearing my quartet of mice squeaks and views Argus with my goofy smile while he twists his tall body sideways, staring at me while he smiles and leans his body heavily in my space moving closer towards me.
I scoot backwards away from Argus then swiftly tilt the cheap patio pool lounge chair sideways with me inside as I tumble onto my back muscles then roll sideways like a twirling log down the steep hillside composed of ant homes, screaming loudly. I roll like a snowball down the wet grass, not finished, screaming loudly. Then I continue steaming like a train into the wet cow patties, screaming loudly, not finished and finally hit the pool of water with my left rib cage and twirl on my belly button plopping into the wetness as my face misses the water while I inhale then exhale with panic and finally lay into the cold water as it ripples against my still body.
Argus leaps, T-rex galloping and flying then soaring off the hillside and kneecaps beside me, chuckling and forcefully grabs my waist, hauling in one horizontal lift my body into the air, the using taunt muscles Argus stands me upright slapping into his taunt chest, chuckling and inquiring with concern as his face lights and brightens with worry in the moon beams, “Aneathea, so sorry. Couldn’t stop ya?”
“Embarrassed,” I weakly drone, dropping my eyelashes and stare at my wet cowgirl boots rippling the waves of the creek stream on the farm.
Argus rips off his red and white flannel shirt, wrapping it around my wet arms, rubbing tenderly my arms with strong finger pads, rumbling in bass drum. “Naw, don’t be embarrassed, city princess…them chairs ain’t anchored to nothin’. Ya hurt, any cuts, scrapes, Aneathea?”
“I healthy,” I grin with a silly smirk, wrapping my arms around my shaky body from nervous energy and nervous excitement.
“Ya look healthy.” Argus smirks with a set of crooked lips, left then closetly hugs me against his tight eight-pack abs of his heated chest.
“I’m drying….” I twist my lips, funny while I eye burn his muscular chest.
“I’m heated….” He grins with a toothy smile, sweet breathing against my right cheekbone.
“My clothes and my body are dry where I touched you…your chest. You’re heat.” I studiously observe.
“Thanks, kindly.” He grins with a toothy smile then sweet breathes on my right cheekbone.
“You’re hot and heated.” I examine, poking my ten finger pads at his chest muscles and steel biceps.
“Embarrassed, city princess?” He challenges, grinning with a toothy smile as I shake my strawberry blonde hair side to side then Argus envelopes my face, kissing tenderly my lips.
Friday. breakfast. Kitchen. Sunny. 62ºF. 6:02 am. I bounce excitedly inside my chair at the round breakfast table which locates inside the big wide kitchen space of the manor as Cook places two fried eggs on my plate while Argus chats and finger points at the electronic map on the small laptop the horse trail we will tackle this morning for lunch with another picnic basket.
“Ya scared of snakes, city princess?” Argus asks then chuckles as I smash my eyelashes upright, pausing my fork in the air waves without addressing his dangerous question.
Jan reprimands Argus, direct pointing her fork at his face like a weapon. “You ain’t trailing down that old native American Indian trail into that active rattlesnake nest, Argus. If you disobey me, I’ll tell your Daddy then he’ll whip your bee_hind….” She pauses for drama and adjusts with a toothy smile. “Or…he’ll let me whip your bee_hind.”
“Just joshing ya, Jan.” Argus chuckles and pats Jan’s arm still holding her fork like a deadly weapon in the air waves then he adds. “Did I get your heart pumping, city princess?” I slightly nod my skull up and down from terror and triumph as Argus chuckles in the quiet kitchen.
“Argus.” The tenor saxophone rumbles over the laughter while my eyeballs slice towards the sound inside the kitchen archway as Argus stands and greets Garrison.
“Garrison.” Argus thunders in bass drum, eye burning his bodyguard who hasn’t moved from the archway into the kitchen.
Garrison drones to me in his tenor. “Aneathea, time to go back home for your classes at school.”
“No.” Argus addresses for me which I like since I don’t want to go back to school for the day while I desire spending the sunny morning, afternoon, and evening with Argus.
“Yes.” Garrison debates as he stands in the archway, not moving into the kitchen and sitting at the breakfast table.
“I say no.” Argus commands while clouds of loud thunder bangs the skyline with three claps of ear-splitting noise as I slice my eyeballs towards the open window noting the bright sun rays and baby blue skies.
“I say yes.” Garrison copies the command in his tenor saxophone while more clouds bump together creating three claps of thunder with more ear-splitting noise ringing in our eardrums as I quickly cut my eyelashes against the windows noting the same yellow sun beams and blue skies.
“You have my permission to leave, Garrison.” Argus orders since he’s the client and Garrison is the…
I suddenly realize that Argus is a human who’s challenging an Angel since Garrison is my monitor for me to test and pass my Opus Sanctorum Angelorum, which is a celestial test performed both at day light and night time exposure me to the living, working, and playing Humans for a specific period of time on Planet Earth. Every Angel must pass this celestial trial before continuing to the next step: wings attainment.
I soldierly stand, ending the check mate among the super inflated egos then wonder my an Angel would have possess an inflated ego like a human teenager then clear my mental thoughts as I announce wildly. “I will leave as requested by Garrison.”
Argus neck snaps his skull to me, parting his lips, widely exposing his pink tongue that I found enjoyable last night while he softly words. “You are invited to stay, Aneathea…” He swings his skull, snarling viciously like a junk yard dog at Garrison. “…not Garrison…ever.”
Garrison eye burns me, explaining as he poses at the kitchen archway. “Aneathea, please come with me. You’re registered as a student in high school and are required by Alabama law to attend school unless you are sick…or something…”
“Yes, sir,” I bob my skull up and down, once as I scoot the chair away from my jeans and walk around the table towards Garrison.
Argus pulls away from the table, chasing my around the table as I plow into his chest then he softly whispers into my right eardrum. “Aneathea, please stay…with me. We won’t go to the snake pit. I promise since I’ve already visited there before.”
I back step from his heated body while Garrison carefully watches my Angel behavior with narrowed eyelids, talking softly. “Argus, I’ve had a fun time…visiting here on your farm. Thank you for a wonderful day and evening…”
Garrison catches the curious word, inquiring. “Evening…I warned you not to contaminate Aneathea with your…”
“Watch it, Garrison. This is my….time.” Argus hotly warns with a growling animal sound from his bass drum as he balls his hands into fists.
Garrison steps towards me, jerking my arm towards the archway. “Time to leave…with me, Aneathea. Say bye-bye to Argus….” He body spins his face and my body towards the archway as we march out the kitchen echoing our footpads through the marble foyer then out the door.
We bolt out the entrance door upon the front porch as I view the black sedan with four doors as Garrison finger points in silence at the passenger door while I stomp my cowgirl boots to the metal, slamming it open and sliding inside the smooth leather as Garrison warms the engine.
Garrison compliments, slowly driving the car down the driveway towards the county roadway which leads to Interstate-65. “You did a good job, Aneathea. This is part of your…test.” I blink my eyelashes once, twice then thrice as I comprehend the nice compliment and nature of my test while Garrison continues. “You are an Angel from Heaven. Angels are tested as well as humans. You see how humans act which includes spoiled rotten billionaire boy Argus. This is typical of all humans, especially male teens. So, I compliment again. You have passed your test, Aneathea which is getting you closer to her new assignment.”
“Thanks…,” I slowly word as the sedan enters a tunnel of prime rich colors of green, blue, red, and yellow as I stare at the pretty but weird phenomena.
“We are traveling home....” He chuckles then explains. “Angel transport.”
Study Hall. St. Marie Preparatory Academy. Southside. Birmingham. Heavy rain. 75ºF. 9:01am. I drop my bee_hind between the cold steel and smooth wood of my assigned student desk in Study Hall as I glide the stacks of my school textbooks over the glossy Formica with tons of assigned homework that I can complete now or later tonight with the help of Nia. I slide my eyeballs across the wide room at the waving hands like a swift flashing Choo-Choo train signals as Nia stands upright against the double set of undivided windows. She smiles with toothy grin, nodding her skull up and down then quickly jerks her mobile telephone in the air then finger points at the little communication devise used by all teens on Planet Earth.
The currently assigned teacher presiding over the students inside Study Hall doesn’t mind that the teens text back and forth with their outside friends in active classrooms and the interior teens sitting next to their Study Hall neighbor between the fours walls since the teacher doesn’t care for the noise of baritone trombone nor flute soprano.
I bob my skull up and down with my silent acknowledgement, scratching inside my backpack for the popular teen mobile telephone since I am learning and don’t really have any humans friends but Argus as I wipe mental thoughts of my fun day with him and see the first text from Nia.
And???? Nia texts on her cell to me.
Duty  responsible  obligation!!!! I text back to her and pop the tab of warm beverage for consumption.
Nia texts. Not you!!!  Tim???
She re-texts. *Him???
Very nice  gentleman. .manners. I text then nosily sip on my warm beverage.
Nia texts. “Not horses!!! Argus???
They both are  fun and fast. I text, while giggling with my secret fun.
Nia texts. You rides   Tim???
She re-texts. You rode the horse…not him??? LOL!!!
I neck snap my face to Nia shaking my skull at her as she laughs for humor then I text. Behave, Nia!!! I rode Bucky the horse   Argus rode Mojo the horse. The end!!!.
Nia texts. “Mojo means karma, baby girl. That means something for both of you. Tell me everything from your car ride with Tim???
She re-texts. *Him???”
Rain in B-ham    strange …no rain in Calera. I text, finishing the beverage then burping softly from the fizzy gas.
Nia texts. Nothing is strange for Argus….and???
We raced to the pond on horses. Fun!!! I text and giggle at the event.
Nia texts. “I no like horses. Dip to the second part???
She re-texts. *Skip to the second part???
No second part…or third part…or finale!!! I text and nod my skull at the cell, holding my secret thoughts from Nia.
Nia texts. Make me work for the answer  baby girl???
One word…at a time   until??? I text and giggle as the bell rings for my next academic class.
History Class. T-storms. 100% precipitation. 79ºF. 11:33 am. The severe weather alarm sounds through the overhead speakers as Mr. B shouts with excitement to his students. “Tornado warning…head to the basement. Now, stand from your desks. Get moving. No running. No shouting. No crying. Don’t panic. Keep walking, walking down to the basement. We will be safe.” Mr. B’s voice fades along with his body with other teens who quickly path down the flight of stairs into the basement from the violent storm.
I run and peek out windows along with three other brave teens as the midnight blue and black clouds swiftly rock and roll against the high winds as they beat Planet Earth then accentuate the skyline with whitish-yellow dancing lightning. The nickel-sized tear drops of rain heavily pound on the window seals, upright grass, low bushes, and tall talls. I don’t see any type of twirling tornado instead I see an Angel and a Demon locked in arms, battling along with the windy natural elements near the tall telephone poles and wiggling cable wires.
Boom! An Angel and a Demon hover over the big hole in the building roof then vanish into down into the theater galley as I swiftly exit out the archway, dashing down the empty hallway, and tosses the door open. I see an unconscious shallow-breathing Miss V in the middle of the theater stage, galloping to the fallen body, gingerly touching her neck veins.
“Too late, honey.” Tenor saxophone sounds from the visible body floating in the corner of the ceiling.
I swiftly stand, eye burn each corner of the auditorium, calling out. “The night of the play, you were here for….her.”
The Demon hangs and rocks his pretend rocking chair from the ceiling in the southwest corner, viciously replaying. “Old bat suffered mild stroke…didn’t croak. Rotten luck that night…”
“The zooming lights blinded your eyeballs. You ran. I saw you…rush, rush away….,” I giggle with a girly tone at the chicken Demon.
“Not from light show, babe,” the Demon lovely spits, shaking his helmet side to side.
“Angel,” I correct and smile.
“Too late, again…on the wall.” The Demon defines.
“Which wall?” I neck snap my skull to the north wall, scanning for partials.
“All of them.” He snort and snarls with amusement for jerking me around the room then laughs with a hardy tone as I scan the north wall then view with my eyeballs the east wall and finally the west wall. I see the yellow Angel Dust coating the walls, the carpet, and the wooden theater stage floor of the dead Warrior-angel. The Demon eye burns the alive and breathing Guardian-angel holding the bright blue body of the Soul then congratulations his person. “My prize….”
I ferociously command to the Guardian-angel, holding both my hands in the air while eye burning the Demon. “Do not give the Soul to him.”
The Demon eye burns the Guardian-angel then returns his eyeballs on me, cocking his helmet sideways with curiosity. “What ya looking at, precious?”
“What am I looking at?” I intrigue.
“Me.” He finger points at his red armored chest.
“I don’t know what you mean, Demon.” I confuse.
“You’re a very intriguing mystery, darling.” The Demon stands from the rocking chair, floats his red body armor slo mo down in the middle of the stage next to the bio-shell of Miss V.
“How am I able to talk with you?” I puzzle.
“I have a voice.” The Demon removes his red helmet revealing a pale face, blonde ratty hair, and intense brown eyes, lecturing. “I have a body. But, how are you able to see me, sweetheart?” He screws his eyebrows, ugly while presents duck lips, ugly.
“I’m a…,” interrupted with my sentence.
“…not Warrior, kitten,” the Demon smiles with a perfect set of white teeth, stomping his red hoof prints on the center stage in yellow Angel Dust who only an Angel can see.
I brilliantly adjust. “Life-angel.”
He laughs with a deep tenor, detailing. “Baby carrier, you can’t fool me, cutie.” The Demon eye gleams me from my naked toe bones inside my sandals up to my strawberry-blonde exposed hair roots, jerking his glove from his naked hand, and swiftly grabs my forearm, pulling me toward him while he complexes. “You are something….more.” I jolt my arm from his strong gripe then back pedal immediately feeling pain throbbing on my limb.
“You’re hot.” I exclaim, rubbing the painful red finger pads imprinted on her top forearm.
“Thanks, love.” He smirks with a set of crooked lips, left then slightly bows his skull, grinning with a toothy smile.
I re-word as I continue to rub my burnt arm. “I mean to clarify that your hand sizzles my flesh.”
“I’m from Hell, babe. Do you expect Popsicles?” The Demon smirks with a set of crooked lips, right and chuckles at his lame joke while he reaches for me.
I possess no celestial weapon since only Warrior-angels carry weapons of mass destruction because the rest of the Angels don’t need them to survive. I rotate my neck muscles around the auditorium, planning a quick escape then back pedal from the Demon for time, hitting the wall.
I feel the soft floatie Angel Dust sprinkle into my hair down on my shoulders then see it land on the carpet, remembering the hard small notepad in the back pocket of my jeans, sliding my right hand, griping the hard edge and pulls it upright then flings it sideways at my target. Perfect aim!
Red and blue sparks flame from the middle forehead of the Demon high into the air like fireworks then he beautifully falls backwards onto his back muscles then rear skull as his legs and red boots soar into the air like a circus clown performing a silly comedy act.
“I win.” I raise my arms with victory, chucking and twisting towards the archway for help.
He uprights his body from the floor then surfboards his body bending at his kneecaps on the invisible line while he parallels next to me, grinning with a wicked smile, producing a blue fiery sword and threat with a deadly tone. “You lost, girly.”
I swing around at his swaying him and eye gleam the 100-year-old tree trunk decorating the west wall from the shattered sunlight glass of the rooftop, then plot-a-plan to teleport my body safely onto the tree overhang then escape through the wide opening. I eye burn the Guardian-angel in the corner of the ceiling holding cautiously Miss V’s Soul. 
Ascend, angel. I link, connect, and Tele to the Guardian-angel, watching her slip away safely upward towards Heaven as I close my eyelashes then unsuccessfully teleports my body to the tree. Nothing is happening to me since I can’t perform the Angel teleportation without proper practice. So, I open my eyelashes and swiftly gallop along the carpet like a race horse to the tree bark, tossing my shoes behind me for climbing the trunk.
The Demon neck snaps his skull at the Guardian-angel successfully disappearing into the building rafters in silence as the Soul is gone. His prize is escaping as the Demon growling low like a wounded animal then body spins at me, yelling. “You little brat, you are mine…now. I will drag you back to Hell for a good time, honey pie.”
“Only if you catch me, dork.” I swing my body up into the tree trunk, pouncing onto the bark, and crawls on six (palms, kneecaps and naked toe bones) up towards the black skyline then over the broken glass as I stand and reach with extended arms and wiggling finger pads for the next tree branch to escape.
“Checkmate, baby.” The Demon loudly shouts, teleporting his body and stands before me as he rears his flaming sword for the final blow to my skull.
“Hey, Red Rover, red rover…I’m coming over.” The invisible body rumbles in deep bass drum from the opposite direction against the howling winds of the severe thunder storm.
“You…,” is last the word of the Demon who bursts and evaporates into prettily red and orange flames.
The visible body swishes left then right, laughing with a hardy tone and rumbles in bass drum at the flames. “You’re dead, Red Rover.”
I flop my squatted body down onto the thin tree branch, covering my skull with my single arm and hand from the wickedly firework explosion, tilting my body left as I recover from the drop and balance my body center of the tree trunk. I tilt toward the right slightly then lose my balance on the narrow trunk, twirling in a vertical flight like a jet fighter without Angel shielding…(don’t know how to shield)…bracing my entire 120 pound body with my left arm. I thump painfully upon the hard red clay dirt onto the wet ground and roll horizontal onto my back muscles then continues the motion onto my stomach, suddenly stopping and closes my eyelashes, feeling pain then passing out, totally.
Saturday. Breakfast. Aneathea’s bedroom. sunny skies. partly cloudy. 71ºF, 8:34 a.m. Argus holds her arm loose inside his single palm, watching peacefully Aneathea sleep, and prays that she lucky to be alive based on her limited talents as a newbie Angel. He flows a full blast of magical heat from his finger pads, healing her broken arm, numerous red cuts, and blue bruises on her weak body from the high fall. Aneathea stirs lightly from her slumber and blinks her eyelashes once, twice then thrice, focusing on the face.
“Aneathea...” Argus names, assisting me upright against the bed head board as I feel pain shoot from my middle finger pad to the top of right shoulder bone like a box of needle pins as I visually cringe then feel stronger and grin silly at Argus. He leans heavily his skull into my face, inquiring. “How ya feeling, honey? Ya broke your arm when you fell off that nasty tree. Are ya in pain? Brought beer….to ease your pain?” He chuckles with his silly joke and corrects. “Naw. I brought ya medications prescribed by my personal healer. Do ya want something for the pain?” I shake my skull sideways, feeling better with him near me, actually I feel really heated and hot, grinning with a silly smile.
“Are ya dizzy? Lay back and relax, ya feel best.” Argus smiles and pats tenderly my healthy arm as I feel more heat and hotness, grinning silly at him as he adds. “Something to drink.” I bob my skull in silence as he reaches and grabs the soft bottle of cool water, placing it against my dry lips then I nosily slurp the water as he talks. “I treated your arm last night. Ya feeling any discomfort?” I purse my lips, funny.
“Probably, more like your nerve endings are tingling from the injury and my treatment.” He grins with a silly grin and tattles. “A family secret…an old secret remedy.” He smiles and offers. “Good old fashioned prayer.” I giggle and bob my skull up and down several times as Argus gingerly touches my injured arm. “Sooo, let’s try moving your arm…(unwraps bandages)…gimme a punch right into my palm.” He dictates, holding his hand in the air.
I lightly punch my fist into his upright palm, feeling no pain then I punch with medium strength, feeling no pain. I punch with a hardy throw with no pain as I grin with happiness. Argus compliments, bobbing his skull up and down, once. “Good strength. You remember falling from the tree?” He presents duck lips, ugly as I eye burn my healing arm while he interrogates. “Why ya perched on top of a tree during a tornado, honey? Ya fell onto the ground from thirty-five feet of space. I couldn’t catch ya in time.” He chuckles at his silly joke, inquiring with a nosey demeanor. “Why were you in the theatre, Aneathea?” He pauses for drama and eyeballs his pupils on me.
I honestly truth...sorta and eye burn him. “Well…I heard lots of loud and soft sounds and loud and soft noises from the fierce winds. I heard the tree slam into the building sounding like a bomb. Then, I saw the tree on the rooftop and headed to the basement…then, I heard the winds then I saw the tree…then I saw Miss V.”
Argus informs with a serious timbre. “Miss V is dead.” He purses his lips, rumbling in bass drum with his personal question. “Who was chasing ya, Aneathea?” I shrug my shoulders once without answering his direct question as Argus twist his lips, ugly then body spins towards the archway and exits, silently.
Thirty seconds later. Nia peek-a-boos her wiggling blondish-brown eyebrows around my bedroom door frame and quickly hustles, sitting nosily on the top of the bed comforter, and grinning with a toothy smile then tattles. “Baby girl, are you okay? Heard tell, you got hit by a tree and…you were trying to save Miss V. Must say…you did a very bad job. She’s dead. Everyone knows….Garrison, Blade, and Quanta, the entire gang but…Argus, of course…”
I twist my lips, funny, tattling more than Nia knows. “Argus knows. He told me that he knows about Miss V. Well, I guess he heard the bad news from some of the other kids, or from you.” Nia presents duck lips, ugly and she shakes her skull sideways as I continue. “Well, he knows. Is this bad?” Nia shakes her skull side to side with a good answer for me as I tattle. “Argus saw me fall off the tree.” Nia twists her lips, funny with puzzlement as I continue. “Well, I guess he heard that also that I fall off the tree. How could he see me fall from the tree? Right, he couldn’t see me. He’s…” Nia purses her lips, tightly as I continue. “I did fall off that tree. Argus was here, questioning me about the tree and Miss V. Does Heaven know? Am I going back up for this screw up? I hope not. At least, my arm is fixed.” I pant heavy then breathe rapidly, holding my un-wrapped and un-injured arm in air, smiling friendly at Nia.
Nia smiles, waving off the suggestion and assures. “No. It’s cool with the big bros and sissies, you get to stay….here…with me and Garrison, Blade, and Quanta as long as you want to, Angel.” She eye burns my arm, presenting duck lips, ugly, inquiring. “Your arm is fixed. Fixed, your Southern expressions are funny. Do you mean that you have healed your broken arm? Hmm! That’s a magnificent feat for you, Aneathea…at your lower stage of infant Angel development.”
I continue with the truth. “I…didn’t heal…myself. Can I do that?” Nia shakes her skull side to side as I address. “O! I’m healed, not injured anymore. Argus told me that he healed me using prayer. Can he do that? I’m really surprised if he can do that. The power is prayer is powerful and I would know. But…I remember something weird. My arm healed with sizzling hot temperature like heat….”
Nia smashes her eyelashes upright and question with a scary timbre. “Heat…like hot heat? You are being truthful to me that you felt heated hotness on your broken arm.”
“What?” I squawk like a bird.
Nia roller balls her pupils in the rear of her skull, singing. “Hmm! I shouldn’t tell. I’m not supposed to tell you. I feel that I get to tell you, Angel.”
“What? What?” I squawk like a bird, twice.
“I read the poem Paradise Lost that you referenced about the Fallen-angels. They lived on Planet Earth, waiting for their chance to redeem Earth, Heaven and…Humans…(holds her hand in air)….and we…me and you take care of the Humans….that’s our job.” I bob my skull up and down several times in silence as she questions. “Do you really know the true differences between Fallen-angels and Heavenly-angels?” I bob my skull up and down several times in silence as she questions. “Do you know the true difference between Angels and Demons?”
I bob my skull up and down in silence as she asks. “Demon fly in their red wings while Angels favor black wings, do you know that?” I bob my skull up and down in silence as Nia informs. “There is another VIP difference between Angels and Demons….” She pauses for drama as I stare at her then she announces wildly. “You should know…now because you have seen a Demon up close and personally.” Nia bobs her skull up and down several times in silence.
I honestly lie. “No.”
“Yes.” Nia huffs musically, bobbing her skull up and down several times.
I honestly lie, twice. “No.”
“Yes.” Nia puffs musically, bobbing her skull up and down several times.
I honestly lie, thrice. “No, I have not seen a Demon up close or talked with one…Nia. Your mind game is silly.”
“Yes, you have Aneathea. You make a very good point because you have seen, walked, and talked with a Demon up close and personally.” Nia recognizes my lie, bobbing her blonde up and down, once and name. “Argus.”
“Argus.” I yelp like a puppy dog.
Nia bobs her skull up and down several times while explaining mysteriously. “He’s a demon. Demons can heal…you and themselves. They use heat to heal body parts. Heat’s a known element for healing biological forms like sunshine from the skies. That’s their trademark. Ya know…hell and hot weather conditions…forever.” Nia cuts her eyeballs to my arm as I rub the healed injured which was healed by Argus using some type of heating element as Nia boasts in her alto saxophone. “You don’t believe me. You’re here as my buddy in the Preceptorship. You trust me and I trust you or does this Demon have more the advantage over me?” Nia extends her hand towards my chest but doesn’t made contact with my body then she demands. “Touch it!” I stare studiously at her pale hand and still five finger pads as she orders firmly. “Touch. It. Aneathea.”
I extend my trembling index finger to Nia, barely tap the top of her knuckle with my finger pad and immediately feel cold which leans towards ice cold cubes like in refrigerator freezer for beverages cold then I mice-squeak. “Cold.”
“Demons are the opposite…of us… (finger points at me)…and you are opposite of them.” Nia ends her statement with mystery and a dead pan straight pin lips.
“Do you expect Popsicles?” I whisper softly under my breathe repeating the Demon’s question inside the galley of the theater when he touched my hand then I immediately sense panic, worry, scary, sad, and hurt…all at the same time as I repeat for my eardrums. “Argus is the Demon that I’m supposed to….to…what….what do I do, Nia?” I swiftly toss the silk bed covers from my healthy and active body, demanding in flute soprano. “I desire to leave…go back home…to Heaven, Nia.” I swing my toe bones onto the lush thick carpet then soldierly stand in my pj’s since I can’t transport my Earth bio-shell back into Heaven without some type of divine assistance. Because, I don’t own any Angels wings and I’m present on earth soil for my wing attainment but I might just fail then I’ll become a…Demon.
Nia stands in front of my shaky body, gingerly touching my right shoulder with two ice cream cold finger pads, encouraging. “We…me and you…are here to watch him, Aneathea with the help of Garrison, Quanta, and Blade. This…is…your…test.” She releases my shoulder then casually strolls with her cold hands cupped behind her belt, walking to the undivided bedroom window away from me, tattling. “You failed as Life-angel when you crashed that puffy cloud right into the earth soil, remember, Angel?” She chuckles then neck snaps her skull at me, grinning with a toothy smile, offering. “Good thing…you’re blessed.” She neck snaps to her skull back to the window, replaying, “…when flying on that fluffy carpet, while you were bringing the tiny little babies to their Mamas. Piece of cake compared to this assignment, huh, baby girl?” Nia pauses for drama for…1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds then she smiles, “We….me and you…are a team. As dream team of super beings as we watch and wait…him.” Nia concludes while her eyeballs search the skyline for trouble.
Lunchtime. Argus mansion. Aneathea’s bedroom. 68ºF. 12:04 p.m. My bedroom door slams with a loud bang as the tray nosily rattles between the hands as Argus smiles with a goofy smirk, presenting the good smelly food while he rumbles in his deep bass drum to me. “Brought lunch, ya feel like food, honey?”
I impatiently wait and watch for more Demon tricks as Argus quietly sits on the edge of my bed, grinning with a toothy smile when he shifts one of the hot beverages to my pink lips, words. “Thirsty?” I swiftly grab the hot cup of chocolate milk and accidentally touch is his hand, feeling the hot sizzling heat as my mind flashes back to the creek stream on his farm in the cow pasture when he instantly dried my wet clothes then I sit the cup on the side nightstand.
He surrounds both his heated hands over my right knuckles, observing. “You’re shaking…too much air conditioning in the house. Garrison liked it cold. I’m sorry, honey. Ah, little Angel, let me warm your hands….,” offers Argus the demon since I believe Nia. She tells me the truth: I involuntarily shake with fear and fright along with other surface emotions including the deep desire to rush, rush…away.
Argus comforts with a soft baritone, “...and your heart.” He slowly leans with his face deeply into my space as his hand touch becomes hotter, heated, and sizzle the tips of my sensitive finger pads up towards my hands to my wrist and up to my elbow with super natural fiery warmth.
I quickly shift her body sideways off the opposite side of the bed, releasing from his tight hotness and soldierly stands while I announce wildly. “Excitement…the excitement of yesterday, this morning, and now…” I pause for drama and eye burn the tray of food. “I am sorry I don’t seem to be very hungry…just rest. I have school homework to busy me as well since…ya know…” I let the words linger then suggest. “Nia can bring my supper this evening so’s not to bother you…again…Argus.” I smile sweetly moving my body towards the window far away from him.
Argus wickedly smirks for two long seconds then dumps. “Nia’s gone!” He grins with a toothy smile and tattles more, “…Garrison and others, too. I have terminated their employment with me since I don’t really require the need for personal body guards to guard my body.”
Argus smirks with a set of crooked soft pink lips, left then enlightens some more. “They served their…duties.” He regally poses lifting his shoulders towards the heavens then smiles at me, explaining. “Ya don’t work for Garrison….anymore, Aneathea. Ya can work with me…here….stay in school, study your academic lessons. Ya know…we can go to college…together…you and me…if’an you like that idea…(chuckles)….how’s that sound, honey?” He grins as I bob my skull up and down, once in silence then he clarifies. “This is my invitation…to you, not a request or….an order?” He smiles then swiftly stands and instructs with a friendly tone touching the new object that he places next to the cup on the nightstand. “I’m around here all day. Okay? Just tap the buzzer, I’ll come very quickly to your aid.” Argus shifts to door, smiles, swings toward archway, exits.
I quickly race to the bedroom window and eye burn the paved street, the line of trees, the row of tall mountains then plot-a-plan to escape since learning of the bad news that Nia is gone with the wind as them Southerns like to quote to ya face. however, Nia is part of my team, waiting and watching somewhere close to the manor…maybe inside the woodlands, sitting on a log stump, or down in the city streets sitting at a outdoor table for me to escape and find her.
I close my eyelashes, and mentally think Angel teleportation, feeling nothing but numb and dumb then I open my eyelashes since the teleportation isn’t a working Angel talent for me. I scan the mechanic details of the expensive window frame, pane, and glass concluding that it has good body construction of wood inlays, sliding the glass up as the window guides open without any sound. Then, I crawl with my hands over the window wooden seal panel, dropping my open palms into the red clay dirt as my sandaled feet fly from the pane and land on the brick surface performing a forward flip with a slight ting of violent pain echoing up my spinal cord as I ignore that “aching” sensation, and concentrate on the “fleeing” sensation.
I upright from my knee crouch, trot over the concrete patio, slipping successfully over the patio lip and slide my body down the rough rocks, soft dirt clay, and hard bugs towards the paved roadside then I quickly dash into the dark forest, and skip over the single hiking trail way used by Humans then jog into the deep forests.
Dinnertime. Pool Patio. Sunset. no clouds. 57ºF. 5:32 p.m. Three men wear a set of black battle armor over their arms, torso chest, and legs coupled with a pair of midnight glossy black wings edged in a thick solid band of shimmery silver, decorating their 26-feet of inflated Angel gear. Saint Michael, Saint Gabriel, and St. Michael’s son Argus loosely form a semi-circle near the pool at Argus’ home in Birmingham, Alabama, discussing in deep baritone the delicate dangerous situation.
Argus purses his lips, tightly and eye burns the baby blue skyline then confesses to his Angel-Dad. “I lost Aneathea.”
Michael shakes his blonde skull sideways and repeats to no one in particular. “Aneathea is missing.”
Gabriel crosses his bulky naked biceps over his chest battle armor since he doesn’t like the black long-sleeved sissy T-shirt and does like to break the rules, injecting boldly. “You know, Michael. I will state again…my viewpoint on this particular sensitive subject matter. We aren’t supposed to be…”
Michael neck snaps his skull at Gabriel, snarls like a junk yard dog then corrects viciously, “….which isn’t valued here, only your muscles, Gabriel.” He jerks the cell from his battle vest, cursing strongly while he dials the digits of the familiar telephone number then holds the cell to his ear, waiting for the connection and softly whispers a few sentences of secret words for….1 second. 2 seconds.
Azrael who is head of all the Death-angels materializes in a solid Human form, appearing in a set of midnight black swirling floor-length robes while exposing his solid colored glittery and shiny diamond silver Angel wings of 27 feet as he meets, greets, and smiles with ease while facing his Angel-brother. “You rang, Michael.” Silence for 1 second. 2 seconds. Azrael neck snaps his skull to the other Angel-brother, greeting with a smile. “You tell me, Gabriel.” Silence for 1 second. 2 seconds. Azrael neck snaps his skull to the younger Angel. “You tell me, Argus.”
Argus eye burns his Angel-Dad then views Gabriel as Gabriel bobs his skull up and down, once in silence tattling then rests his eyeballs upon Azrael, worrying. “She’s missing.”
“Aneathea.  Is.  Missing.” Azrael picks up the subtle if not encrypted translation quickly then curses as he chin whips his face deep into his chest and wiggles his two finger pads in the empty air, producing a glass circle covering the patio ceramic table top while he eyeballs the numerous colored dots, relaying softly. “Tracking?”
Argus struts to the glass monitor, finger pointing at one of the active dots, and reminds firmly. “You can’t track her…here on Planet Earth. She’s a free spirit, remember….”
Azrael reprimands the Graceling. “I recall that fact with accuracy, boy-angel of Saint Michael. I have other methods for surveillance at my disposal…”
Argus shoves Michael from the glass radar towards the pool water, whispering softly into his face. “Father, I have friends in this ream available to me. If we don’t act quickly before the Demons…”
“Pink…for girl.” Azrael smart-holes loudly over the Graceling’s silly banter then finger points at blinking ping while he instructs softly. “Eleven avenue that intersects with the numbered twenty-two street which is near the geographical area called Brother Bryan Park, one of my people is picking up…a delivery and has located and identified her. At this very moment, Aneathea dashes to the abandoned warehouse at the street corner, bangs the metal lock with a palm-sized rock using her physical strength. The metal latch has broken apart and the door cracks slight open. She…”
“She’s gone.” Argus growls like a wounded animal as he flips his face toward Azrael.
“Garrison found her…first.” Gabriel knows…way too much as he bangs his left fist against the table as it rattles and rolls with a slight shake.
Azrael jerks the cell from his robes, talking softly then swings his skull to Argus and extends his right hand, boasting with a smile. “You’re welcome! And…I expect a middle seat on the first pew at your church wedding to Aneathea, Argus.” Argus nods his skull in silence acknowledgement while he shakes the pre-offered hand for both thanks and honor, watching Azrael disappear into nothingness.
“Flash to the park, ready for War….boys.” Michael smiles with a toothy grin and disappears, first as a couple of his black and silver feathers gently float towards the patio brick then dissolves into yellow Angel Dust.
Warehouse, 7:02 p.m. I tiptoe within darkness and pant for fear then breathe for air as I walk and scan, brushing the red dirt and wet sweat from my face and clothes then hear the sound of clapping hands follows by a surprising tenor male voice.
“Come out! Come out, where ever you are…,” voicing in tenor from an invisible presence within the darkness that covers a concrete floor, four concrete walls, and three metal shelves. The warehouse had been used as an automobile parts store before the USA economy had tanked on the good small business owners of Humans in this area of Birmingham Metro.
I puzzle with curiosity as I march around the dark corner, seeing the bright overhead lights illuminate the floor, and view Blade sitting comfortably upon a beaten Rose flower designed beige sofa with his propped bare feet and toes in the air without the use of a foot stool. Nia lounges in her vile T-shirt, black jeans, and rattling chains like a visual ghost inside the oversized brown leather chair. Garrison and Quanta regally sit in their designer clothes at the Oak table with a pair of orange tinted drinks.
“Baby girl…” Nia names, while smiling with a big grin, and waves with her free hand for me to move forward towards her station.
Garrison motions with his free hand, rejoicing with fun. “Welcome to your party!” I scan the empty and abandoned warehouse, lacking any dull or pretty decorations of balloons and vanilla cake then twist my lips, funny.
“Your party, please sit here, dear?” Quanta mysteries and motions with her free at empty chair beside her like an old friend.
Blade holds the beer mug in the air, toasting wildly. “You’re special, Aneathea. Cheers!” He downs the golden liquid quickly then nosily gasps for oxygen.
“You’re not really special, Aneathea. Blade likes to lie. Its his nature.” Garrison adjusts then chuckles and finishing his orange beverage as he nosily gasps for oxygen.
“I’m an Angel, not a Human.” I bravely proclaims while I boldly confuse as I crinkle my forehead, ugly at the odd behavior of my Angel team.
Nia laughs with a hardy tone, cocking her skull sideway and views me then expresses. “Think, baby girl! An Angel with no wings, who cannot Sanitize, who cannot fly, who cannot heal, who cannot zap, who…”
“I can zap.” I proudly debates then screw my eyebrows, funny.
“Geez, she’s dumb…but pretty.” Blade amuses with a snort then downs the second beer mug and nosily gasps for oxygen.
Nia grins with a toothy smile and confesses for some strange reason. “You can zap with help, baby girl. Your room is right next door to me and I am right next door to the pool. So, bad news…it was me. Good news, I did it for you.”
I cock my skull to the left, confusing. “Why?”
The deep rich bass drum voices left of me behind my shoulder, “Because…they’re Demons.” I body spin then nosily gasp for oxygen and blink my eyelashes once, twice then thrice, seeing Argus dressed in a set of black shiny armor across his chest, arms, and legs standing in the middle of two other black clad Warrior-angels with black edged in silver inflated 26 feeted Angel wings of glossy feathers. He smiles with perfect teeth and presents, staring at me. “Short intros, Aneathea…meet my Father Michael and my Uncle Gabriel.” Michael and Gabriel nod their skulls, once in silence and smirk with a set of crooked lips, left.
“Michael’s son.” I name, staring studiously at handsome, tall, and Angel Argus.
“Too late as always, Michael, honey…Aneathea is with…us.” Nia rumbles in her tenor saxophone as I neck snap my skull and nosily gasp for oxygen, eye witnessing Demons standing in a duckling row who are dressed in their red battle armor along with four-feeted golden raptors and inflated 25-feet wings coloring in bright fire engine red feathers outlined in a thick single band of glittery gold.
“It’s never too late, Nia, honey…Aneathea, walk to me. They won’t harm you. I won’t allow it.” Argus eye burns me, grinning with a sweet grin and bobbing his skull up and down several times and extends his open palm to me while he positions the other hand at his kneecaps holding his silver four-feeted sword.
I swing my skull to them and word. “Demons, here.” Then, I neck snap my skull to Argus. “Angels, there.”
“She’s smart, clever this one.” Blade teases then chuckles, whipping the raptor against the breeze inside the warehouse, striking nothing but air.
“Free spirit comes to mine.” Nia adds then chuckles, jiggling her hips along with the gold and silver chains of jewelry.
“Owned by no one, wanted by everyone.” Garrison quips then chuckles, holding a glass of orange tinted beverage in his right hand as the left hand sways the saber against his kneecap.
“I don’t understand.” I narrow my eyelashes and confuse while I stare at Garrison for the correct answers. “She does have her moments, thou.” Blade laughs with a hardy, joshing.
“Part of her innocence...” Argus sweetly words, wavering his open palm for the invite to move towards him.
Garrison proposes, grinning with a wicked smirk. “Michael, let her chose.”
“No, Father.” Argus neck snaps his skull at Michael, dropping his free hand, and tilts the sharp blade sideways and aims at Garrison’s nose.
Michael softly lectures without moving his stance. “Aneathea, Nia is correct. You do not possess any powers….Angel powers. You are an…Adiabel.”
“Pardon me?” I puzzle, cocking my skull to the right at the sound of the funny word which isn’t part of my Angeldom lectures.
Garrison poses the Planet Earth history question to me. “What do nuns, maidens, and volcanoes have in common from your World History class lectures, Aneathea?”
“Objects of sacrifices.” I answer, studying Garrison’s reaction to my answer.
Blade pitches then chuckles. “You’re getting warm.”
“What subject are the most sacrificed from your World History lecture?” Garrison asks.
“Girls, females, women,” I answer correctly.
Blade kicks then chuckles. “You’re getting hotter.”
“Any particular type of female?” Garrison inquires.
“Young girls,” I answer.
“You’re flaming.” Blade punts then chuckles.
“What attribute do those young girls possess?” Garrison asks.
“Youth, innocent, virgins,” I answer.
“You’re sizzling.” Blade encourages then chuckles.
“I’m a virgin.” I announce wildly the truth.
“Touchdown!” Blade raises both his arms excluding the raptor which stows inside his leather sheath beside his leg into the air then laughs with a silly tenor.
“I have never…,” I dump with truth.
“…been touched by Human filth,” Nia spits, acidly.
“Stop toying with the kid…let’s do it, Garrison?” Blade orders, jerking the raptor from the sheath, whipping the gold blur fast in the empty air.
“Patience, Blade.” Garrison words then softly curls his lips, left.
“Your dust carries awesome powers within your Soul, Aneathea.” Michael tattles.
I neck snap my skull to him, debating. “Because…I’m a virgin.”
“You are birthed on the eighteen of the month.” Garrison informs.
“So….,” I smart-hole and swing my skull at Garrison.
“You have been birthed and died on the eighteenth of the month, precisely at the eighteenth hour of night.” Michael updates. “Eighteen is the number sign of purity as identified by HIM who art in Heaven.”
“Okay. That’s special.” I voice in flute soprano, twisting my lips, funny.
Garrison clarifies. “The analogy is similar to chess. When the queen is captured, checkmate wins the game for that person. Whoever possesses you, wins the battle…forever, Aneathea.”
I shake my strawberry-blonde skull side to side, countering with an angry alto. “No, Demon, you have errored. I see the fighting. I see the Angels losing. I can’t hear the battle sounds but the Angels are losing, not winning. You’re wrong. You’re lying to me, Demon.”
Michael compliments, bobbing his skull up and down several times. “Very good, Aneathea! Garrison purposefully has left some vitally important information out of his selected explanation as usual. As long as you exist, there will be War between Angels and Demons. The side which captures your Soul encased in your physical bio-shell…so to speak gets a really long winning streak just like some college football teams here in the great state of Alabama….”
“Can’t be?” I fear the uncertainty.
“Yes, honeybee,” Nia bob her skull up and down, once and confirms Michael heavenly fact.
Blade materializes the red Ruby jeweled golden dagger in the air, spinning the sharp shiny blade horizontally like a majorette baton for fear, flying it four inches from my deep jugular vein that connects to my swan neckline. I do not move, sweat, work but stare studiously at twirling weapon.
“You cannot kill her.” Garrison neck snaps his skull, reprimanding his buddy Demon Blade.
“No one can kill you, Aneathea.” Michael updates, shaking his skull side to side.
“Or harm you…it is forbidden.” Garrison adds and confirms with Michael.
“She has to sacrifice…herself.” Nia rattles her gold and silver chains on her belt as I cut my eyeballs to her while posing like a queen in front of the twirling pretty dagger.
Garrison storytells, while smiling wickedly. “Then, you will implode by spraying beautifully sprinkles of thick pink dust bunnies in the air and all over my Demon armies.”
“Angel Dust.” I softly whisper, eye balling the twirling weapon four inches from my throat.
“The consensus is mixed, I’m afraid.” Garrison curls his lips, slowly and updates. “Some Demons want you dead. Some want you alive….”
“What do you want, Garrison?” I inquire as I eye burn the dagger.
“Alas! The match point will be determined here in this room…for me.” Garrison curls his lips, slowly, concluding.
Gabriel suggests with a strong purpose. “You must sacrifice yourself for the Angels to win…Aneathea.”
“No!” Argus shouts at Gabriel then eye burns me, encouraging. “No, Aneathea toss those mental thoughts out of your mind. I’ll fight for you….for the rest of eternity…if I must.” He draws the sword up and even with his jaw line and direct points the weapon at Garrison, signaling the upcoming fight with the Demons then neck snaps his skull at Michael.
“Brave and foolish words, Argus.” Garrison warns, and curls his lips, slowly.
“We’re keeping her. We won…for the rest of eternal…Angel scum.” Nia parallels her raptor to the floor next to her chest and direct points the weapon at Argus, snarling and snorting like a junk yard dog.
“Fight…ya’ll Demons for Aneathea’s freedom.” Argus begins the challenge in his deadly bass drum.
“You’ll lose, Argus.” Garrison elegantly counters as he watches Angel-daddy Michael with mystery and intrigue.
“Never.” Argus kicks back, smirking with his victory of goodness over badness.
“Arrogant, kid! Let me whip his ass, Garrison.” Blade materializes a pair of wickedly clawed golden raptors in both his palms, twirling them like two majorette batons in the air.
Michael lectures. “Aneathea…. (drops his face to the floor then uprights)…please, listen to me… (holds out his hand)…. good beings will…always fight against evil ones, anywhere, anyhow, and anyway.”
“Father’s right, Aneathea…please walk to me. I…will protect you, honey.” Argus extends his empty palm for a second time for me to move towards him.
I neck snap my skull to Garrison. “Why…do some Demons want me alive, Garrison?”
“Ya alive, we fight. Ya dead, they win.” Garrison truths and presents a set of dead pan straight pin lips.
I neck snap my skull to Argus, and stare studiously into his worry and care that etches upon his handsome face. I have longed for a touch of deep Soul-fulfilling love and have experienced many touches of pure Soulful happiness for three short days with Argus while learning that he is the child of Saint Michael.
I understand deep down into my toe bones that Angels fight Demons over lost Souls…forever as Nia words correctly and realize that this is my test: victory or defeat?
I swiftly reach, and grab then jerk the spinning dagger with my right hand, plowing the sharp tip deeply into my beating healthy heart left side of my earthly bio-shell. I stumble backwards my folded body from the violent thrust, mental shock, and physical impact of the sudden intense emotional achy searing pain…then the dagger disappears from my palm and within my heart organ. I feel no bad pain, only sweet peace.
“Noo,” Argus yells, while tossing his sword to the hard tile, catching me in mid-air then gently kneecaps his legs on the floor, hugging closetly my torso into his heated chest.
“I love you, Argus.” I confess with happiness, seeing wet teardrops descend down from his precious baby blue eyeballs.
“Sleep, Angel.” Argus tenderly kisses my smooth forehead, smiling sweetly into my closing eyelashes.
The four Demons totally vanish from the occupied warehouse as Michael, Gabriel, and Azrael slowly strut towards kneeling Argus as Adiabel Aneathea implores beautifully into a thick patch of pink dust, spraying the floor, walls, shelves, and Warrior-angels with a pool of glittering pink frosted powder.
“We won.” Gabriel softly whispers for delicate Angel-eardrums assisting Argus upright, staring at the droplets of pretty pink dust.
“Good always wins….brother.” Michael quotes happily ever after as Warrior-angels vanish from Planet Earth.
October. Saturday. Gardendale, Alabama. 64ºF. 10:01pm. clear and bright night. moonlight. An invisible face loudly yells. “Help me.” Tina scampers over the honeysuckle bushes into the barn yard, seeking the helpless and needy Human.
An invisible face softly calls. “Help me.” Tina quickly locates the soft whisper call for aid behind the old wooden barn doors.
Tina is an Angel from Heaven that makes her prime job to protect Humans. Tonight, Tina starts her new duty as she narrows her eyelashes, searching the darkness of the empty barn, and locates with Angel-eardrum the distressed voice beneath the hay floor, lifting the metal latch bolted to the wooden floor door upright, feeling the wet dampness.
Invisible face faintly says. “Help me…” Tina drops into a bee_hind crouch on the root cellar dirt, hearing the heavy door stomp closed behind her skull while it surprisingly locks her into a visual plunging darkness inside the deep root cellar.
“Noooo,” Tina alarmingly cries.
An invisible face gleefully shouts. “Lure an Angel in the dark.”
“Noooo…,” Tina cries with a repeating plead.
“Zap the lock, close it shut,” an invisible face loudly words above Tina’s skull.
“Nooo…,” Tina wails, again.
“Tap the Angel, one…two…three,” an invisible face beautifully sings in alto clarinet.
“Noo,” Tina softly whispers.
“On the wingtips…,” an invisible face brilliantly instructs.
“No.” Tina faintly weeps.
“Ambrechadbre, its free.” Invisible face finishes with an evil purpose as Tina helplessly slides her injured body deeply down into the dirt floor, bleeding profusely from her nose, ears, mouth, and tenderly ripped back muscles.
“I’m the Angel….the Angel…Angel.” An invisible face shouts with victory, slapping open the root cellar door and reveals the moon light rays dancing across the damp red dirt as Tina’s eyeballs fight against the bright lights.
Tina painfully sobs with wet tears from the barbaric removal of her delicate soft feathery Angel wings, stating honestly. “I am the Human.”
366 days. 23 hours. 14 minutes later. October. Sunday. Gardenville. Alabama. Mellon Bookstore. partly cloudy skies. 55ºF. 9:15pm. Tina grabs the book from the horizontal shelf, and seizes an empty leather chair in the quiet wall corner, crossing her long legs in an Indian style pose then turns to Page 1, reading studiously, while she jots the interesting sentences into her notepad with her feathered blue ink pen, pondering deeply the full meaning of the vocabulary words.
The Research Reference Books scanned by Tina’s eyeballs and interpreted by her sharp mind has identified thus far from her in-depth studying as she follows the black letters upon the white pages written by Humans claims that all the data talk of Angels and Demons in the languages of Talmudic, Gnostic, cabalistic, apocalyptic, patristic, and legendary texts as well as stored information on Guardian-angels, Arch-angels, and the departed loved Humans from the Greek, Roman, Egyptian, Asian, Babylonian, Tibetan, Buddhist, Celtic, Theosophical, New Age, Catholic, Cabalistic, Jewish, and Christian roots…(breathe)…then…(giggles).
Tina softly whispers under her breathe. “Wings lost, retrievee becomes thy Human. Retriever becomes thy Angel.” She shakes her strawberry-blonde skull sideways, feeling that these words from this ancient sentence is totally different from the other textbooks she has studied and gathered so far during the past one year, 359 days, 21 hours, 30 minute, and 4 seconds as she snorts, un-Angel-like.
Her situation is most unique, finding this path to be unusually challenging and unlimited depressing, and feels her Soul separated and misunderstood at times when not meaning to give that first impression. She exhibits multiply Human emotions that cause her to be very sensitive, deeply frustrated, and poorly dissatisfied with the world of yesterday, tomorrow and…at the moment.
She must curve her direct destructive deep thinking of today, and concentrate on her inner introspective nature of the goal, the purpose, and the objective for tomorrow as she sighs then breathes, deeply.
Tina tosses her skull side to side, feeling her long hair bounce around her sweater then decides to direct all her energies and powers for something more and something better in this world until it changes for something greater.
The old text book between her finger pads from the Rare Book Section that locates in the rear of big super bookstore does not give any clear hints about the time period for the “Retrievee.” She lifts the book blocking her pale face, and re-reads the related three paragraphs then smells it…an odor of mixture of tar and bacon.
She leaps, kitten-like upright on both booted feet, cutting the air currents with her acute vision since her sight is useless, only the smell provides the small clue to her unique dilemma. She moves her body in the direction of odor, trailing it like a canine bloodhound when the odd odor leads to the Food Court where you can purchase tasty drinks of lattes, coffees, teas, and other assorted beverages while consuming an array of rolled meaty sandwiches along with the fattening eye popping sweet breads.
Tina passes the Kiddie books, Self-help guides, Romance novels, Teen fiction books charging down the tile floor as she halts her boots then dices her eyeballs left then right. Her sensitive nostrils breathe the cluttered air of the fresh baked rolls and steaming coffee beans where the odd odor is faint.
She/he/it has back pedaled around Tina’s hot pursuit while Tina pivots on her booted heels 180 degrees back tracking her hunting prey while she sniffs the lovingly fragrance of tar and bacon, unmistakably fresh.
Tina darts down the opposite wall of book stacks in super Bookstore, and relies on her accurate fourth sense of Human traits, halting at the Science Fiction book stacks where the odor is stronger, and scans people, places, and things then hears the squawking call of Human vocabulary words on her left.
The mystery female flashes back faster than a lightning bolt perpendicular to Tina’s pose…or in this case…nose as Tina gallops straight pin towards the white wall, skirting her boots around the wall corner and see the female’s tanned profile for a split nanosecond as she pulls the big EXIT door open then vanishes like a magician beyond the EXIT sign.
Tina races to the swinging door, and catches the lip, observing the mystery female galloping towards the fire engine red Mustang as the girl opens and shuts the passenger door like a vanished wraith. Tina memorizes the personalized license plate as the car shifts into a dangerous high speed then travels down the narrow alley, spitting red dirt clay, trash particles, and dust bunnies in the air waves, wearing the car tag: MELLON4.
Monday. morning. Gardenville Preparatory High school. Third period. English Literature. Overcast skies. 61ºF. 11:06 am. “Hey, doll…” Dallas who is a Fallen-angel of six feet and five inches with a mesomorph body type of squared wide board shoulders, straight blonde hair with bangs under a handsomely perfect heart-shaped face with preciously baby blues eyeballs and olive skin addresses in his sexy baritone trombone then playfully tugs the strawberry-blonde bangs of the girl who sits alone on the side student table next to the decorated wall of English castles as he manly struts, manly to his assigned student seat at the corner table.
“Hey, dork…” Tina reacts, not registering Dallas’s smirk since he always smirks pleased with his self, or fonts his fake grin flirting with all the high school girls, or fakes his full smile for his evil purposes reserved for the high school boys. She continues writing inside her notepad with her feathered blue ink pen.
The bell loudly rings as the students quickly dance to their chairs while books and notebooks roughly bounce on the flat table surfaces.
Miss R is the English Literature teacher for the third period 12th Grade graduating class as she waves her both hands up and down at the students, yelling. “Settle down.” She smiles and reaches for her book, sitting her bee_hind on the edge of her teacher desk, reminding. “Yesterday, please turn in your books to page 397, we were studying Hamlet…”
Roger of first row table, seat one stands and places both his hands over his invisible heart organ then passionately swoons to Miss R. “To be…or not to be.”
All teens laugh as the music rings inside the quiet classroom while Miss R smiles, compliments then bobs her skull once, proclaiming. “VG, Roger.”
Invisible face sounds with a friendly tone outside the hallway. “Visit alert…” Principal Arthur Weston marches through the single archway, appearing at Miss R’s desk, and trails a new student like a puppy dog.
The static electricity sizzles in the air as the wind currents alarmingly shifts Tina to the new presence as she stops writing, and views the un-natural disturbance. Her hand twitches while her heart jumps then re-starts and her cowboy boots shift toes onto the floor for a better audio and visual presentation.
Standing straight and tall, smiling with ease the body besides next to Principal Weston who is the most gorgeous guy in the Milky Way Galaxy of six feet and six inches with a pair of shredded black jeans, a cotton maroon T-shirt over his ripped and ready bulging biceps, triceps, and other “…ceps.” His black with bright blue shimmering naturally wavy hair parts on the left side of his skull along with a set of lightly black whiskers dusting his peachy-pale handsome face with dreamy baby blue eyes as Tina appreciatively drools with lust.
She slices her eyeballs center stage of the classroom where every female is sitting straight, tall, and arched, fanning their manicured “color of the month” long fingernails, and batting black thick mascaraed eyelashes while swirling their shoulders at the new hubris demi-god.
“Bo Briggs….transfer from Homewood,” Principal Weston calls and smiles, handing off the loose stack of paperwork to Miss R.
“Welcome, Bo, take a seat anywhere.” Miss R instructs then rudely finger points a manicured index fingernail while she scratches her black ink into her grade book counting the new student as Principal  Weston turns his body towards the door, leaving Miss R. She politely remarks. “Thanks, Arthur.”
Bo grins with a toothy smile and eye burns the rear wall directly at the corner table in the lengthwise semi-crowded classroom then manly struts towards Dallas as Tina smirks with a set of crooked soft pink lips, left as she ponders that interesting choice seat. Every female’s neck muscle strains with eye-popping and bulky blue pumping blood vessels as their swirling and twirling head spin watches Bo settle into his place.
Miss R continues. “As…I was saying…Hamlet is in turmoil….add….to my list.”
Student in table three, seat two adds. “Torment.”
“Tragedy.” Student at table four, seat five shouts.
Student in table one, seat two exclaims. “Feigned madness.”
Miss R lists and smiles. “VG, other themes include treachery, revenge, incest, and moral corruption….remember these for your mid-term test.” The teens moan in unison as Miss R continues. “What other pressure points are exerted within the play’s complex philosophical and ethical issues from Hamlet?”
Student in table one, seat three relays. “Cold-blooded murder, calculated revenge, and thwarted desire.”
“What did you like best, Vicky?” Miss R encourages the verbal discussion thread, motioning with her free hand at Vicky.
“When Hamlet rushes into her room, stares at her, and says nothing. Polonius informs Claudius and Gertrude that Hamlet is ‘madly in love’ but in kinda a weird crazy sick puppy love way.” Vicky explains, crinkling her forehead, funny.
“VG, other vices?” Miss R charms and smiles at the students.
Student at table three, seat three speaks in slo mo. “The spying…as Hamlet mourns his father’s dead with erotic…”
All teens laugh as music echoes against the rafters as Miss R spits with annoyance. “Erratic, Jerry.”
Jerry corrects in a loud tenor. “Erratic behavior. Claudius sends Hamlet’s pals Rosencrantz and Guildenstern to spy on the prince but the great prince is cooler.”
All teens giggle as the sound floats from the desks as R correct, presenting duck lips, ugly at the student. “Jerry means to use the adverb ‘smarter.’ ‘Cooler’ doesn’t substitute for ‘smarter’.”
“It does in my book.” Jerry smiles and retorts quickly.
“British book, not Alabama hick slang, bozo.” Student at table one, seat one adjusts then grunts like a plantation pig at silly Jerry.
Miss R firmly orders. “Settle down, kids…name some of your favorite quotes?”
“To be or not to be.” Student #1 voices.
“Get thee to a nunnery.” Student #2 shouts.
“The rest is silence.” Student #3 yells.
“O, woe to me.” Student #1 adds.
“Alas, poor little old Yorick, I knew him so’s dog gone well…back then.” Student #4 provides along with some teens laughing as he alters the famous Hamlet quote.
“Hoist with his own petuny…,” Jerry misquotes along with some teens sniggering at his verbal mistake.
Student in table three, seat two joshes, “Jerry’s a stinky petuny.”
All teens laugh as the music rings with vocal abuse while Roger stands and finger points at Jerry, informing, “Petard….hoist with his own petard.”
Student in row two, seat three, orders, “Sit down, retardo.”
All teens snigger as it slides against the floor as Miss R smiles and compliments, “Excellent, Roger. What act?”
Roger present duck lips, ugly then spits with his mouth salvia while laughing, “You want me to act…okay. I can sing… Fa….La…Re…”
All teens laugh at the funny song while the student in row two, seat three demands with authority. “Sit down, dork.”
Miss R asks. “What numbered act is cited for that famous quote in the play?”
Roger scratches his skull with a set of dirty finger nails, thinking slowly. “Uh…”
“Act III, scene 4 states hoist with his own petard.” Miss R quotes and smiles as the bell loudly rings then students swiftly hustle up from their chairs while backpacks slap vertically against bodies. Miss R swiftly assigns to the fleeing students. “Short essay on your favorite quote…why you like it for our vocal discussion in class, tomorrow along…with a big surprise.”
Lunch. Outside. Picnic table. Overcast skies. 65ºF. 12:06 pm. Bo and Dallas sit isolated under the 150-year-old thirty-feet high Oak tree shading them from the dull sunlight with its thick green leaves attached to long and low hanging brown limbs while they diligently work on their lunch and the secretively curious and lovely attentive high school females work on Bo.
The pretty female smiles and bats her black mascaraed eyelashes, extending her manicured blue fingernails then greets with a super friendly alto clarinet. “I’m Sherry…(fingers at the girl on her right)…and this is my best friend Linda. You remember Linda, Dallas?”
Bo smiles with a friendly nod and shakes both the female’s manicured hands, saying calmly. “Nice to meet ya, too. I’m quiet certain Dallas remembers both of you, also.”
Sherry invites and smiles. “We’ve commandeered a table under the veranda, Bo. You could join us since…(face looks at gray sky)….it looks like rain.”
Dallas shakes his blonde bangs sideways, waving his hand and correctly sums in his baritone trombone. “Naw. Rain tomorrow, dolls.” He informs while he finger points with a jerky motion in the far distance. “That your lunch blowing away…” He snickers for amusement then inhales the loaded BBQ sandwich.
Linda quickly turns, seeing their chosen table empty while their food plates launch into hyper drive speed much like flying space ships and their drink bottles trail with brown liquid exhaust from a set of invisible engines. “Our lunch…” She yelps, hauling her designer high heels for the save as Sherry silently turns and taps a staccato rhythm on the concrete after Linda and Linda’s lunch.
Bo chuckles then vocally thanks. “Not nice but appreciated.” He dives his teeth and tongue into the BBQ sandwich and chews then swallows then slurps on the milk carton, narrowing his baby blues on the familiar Human in their English Literature class, inquiring. “She’s alone.”
Dallas cocks his skull sideways, scanning the noisy tables under the café veranda, and rumbles in his baritone trombone. “Debbie? Naw. Debbie ain’t lonely. She’s with Scott. He’s in the toilet…smoking or shitting or a combo.”
Bo points his clean fingernails across Dallas’s whiskers, correcting annoyingly. “No, the strawberry blonde shell under the maple tree, alone…writing.”
Dallas neck snaps his skull to the girl and grins with an evil smirk, proclaiming shockingly. “She’s Tainted.”
Bo tilts his jaw line left then right studying her while he gently twists his eyeballs back to café veranda with the tables of overcrowded hungry students. He sees clearly the different metaphysical auras shifting up and down along the Angel color wheel spectrum, inquiring sadly. “Pink, red, orange, green, blue…is Mary Margaret sick?”
Dallas stuffs a mouthful of salty potato chips between his pink lips and talks as the broken particles fall down his sharp chin and neatly pressed green T-shirt, flicking off the food crumbs with his trimmed clean fingernails, educating with his divinatory knowledge. “Stage three cancer…”
“And Glenn Dixon...?”
Dallas neck snaps his skull to Bo, growling like a wounded animal. “Don’t do that, Bo. Trouble will follow you and….” He pauses for drama while his eyeballs scan the skyward clouds, rattling carefully in his deep baritone trombone. “…me. Heaven knows, I don’t….” A short series of loud thunder booms immediately among the gray overcast clouds.
“Observing.” Bo switches his eyeballs then dices the air currents between him and her, questioning thoughtfully. “What’s her name? Why can’t I tell that?”
Dallas munches on three bites of his sandwich, mumbles incoherently in his baritone trombone. “Not your business, bro.”
“Maybe… I should make it my business…man.” Bo eye burns Dallas and smiles, offering assertively.
Dallas rotates his jaw line slowly to Bo then suspiciously subject changes. “Hadn’t seen you since the funeral…three…days? I actually thought I won’t see your sweet smile again…ever.”
Bo smiles, while tilting his skull sideways to Dallas, reflecting sweetly. “You grew on me.”
Dallas wrinkles his aristocratic nose and forehead simultaneously then exclaims annoyingly in his baritone trombone. “Horseshit.”
“Reported to Central.”
“And…” Dallas dumps then swallows another bite of the man-sized chucky sandwich.
“A++.”
Dallas swallows the lump of food then obnoxiously burps and laughs while he honestly compliments. “You’re a good obedience Faithful Angel, Bo.”
“Thanks, man.”
Dallas chews and swallows his food, asking curiously. “Why ya here on Earth… visiting, Bo? Next assignment or…something?”
Bo swallows his food and wipes his mouth with the back of his hand, clearing nosily his throat of descending wet proteins and announces surprisingly in bass drum timber. “Vacare…”
Dallas swallows his food, twisting his skull un-naturally and eye burns Bo while cleaning his dirty teeth with his tongue tip then he blinks his eyelids once, twice then thrice and disagrees while he slowly shakes his skull side to side and answers in his deep baritone trombone. “No…no way, not happening, bro….no.”
Bo equals the eye burn towards Dallas while he bobs his skull, vertically, spitting his mouth salvia onto the table. “Come on, man.”
“Eo Ire Itum.” Dallas coolly mocks in his baritone trombone.
Bo wrinkles his forehead, funny and ponders thoughtfully. “Ya know…there are many numerous meanings for that particular Latin phrase.”
Dallas explains his way. “My translation…go home, son….move along, doggie, progress out of my eyeballs…pal.”
“Come on, man.” Dallas spits, forcefully.
“No.”
“Come on only eleven days, buddy.” Bo unsuccessfully bargains as Dallas shakes his blonde bangs sideways and bounces his curly locks like a male fashion model as Bo reduces. “Nine days, I don’t snore.”
Dallas continues to shake his blonde bangs side to side, ordering. “Go home, Bo.”
“I need a respite.” Bo debates, mercifully.
Dallas options. “You’re a….an Angel, a Faithful Angel go back home to Heaven.”
“I’m entitled to vacare, you know that and I’m kinda fond of this short but sweet visit as Hu-man on Earth.” Bo protects his visit.
“They still do that.” Dallas inquires.
Bo tips back the plastic carton, finishing his milk and wipes his lips with the back of hand, informing seriously. “After long assignments…”
Dallas ponders deeply the information then says slowly. “Elmo Raymond Fleming was a long assignment. He lived for 100 years…”
“You, he, and I celebrated his birthday last week…before his passing to Heaven.” Bo adds.
“Only me, and him…why ya always include yourself in our reindeer games, bro?” Dallas spits insultingly.
“I was there.” Bo reminds annoyingly.
“You were Elmo’s Heavenly Guardian-angel…only. You don’t count, bro.” Dallas adjusts correctly.
“I do.” Bo debates and grin with a toothy smile.
“You don’t.” Dallas repeats, twice.
“The last four years would’ve been boring without me.” Bo neck snaps his skull to Dallas, smirking with a set of crooked pink lips, left while he emphasizes the brotherly point of view.
“Maybe…,” Dallas adjusts.
“Maybe….yeah,” Bo confirms.
Dallas neck snaps his skull to Bo, questioning very cautiously. “Let me reiterate….slowly….why… are…you…here, Bo?”
Bo both sniggers and smiles then he neck snaps his skull to Dallas, teasing humorously. “Vacare…lost your Latin translation ability I see. I will talk in English…slowly. I… am… on… vacation.”
Dallas purses his lips, tightly then wrinkles his forehead, whipping his hands vertically like chopping wood in the pretend forest, suggesting. “Go vacation in Mexico where the regular Angels do…”
Bo retorts hotly. “Hey, man, I spent 100 years of Angel wings flapping around this city that I didn’t see because Elmo was paranoid with his mental and physical aliments.”
Dallas snorts, lecturing decisively. “His mother was paranoid. Elmo was just heavy infatuated with…ghosts.”
“I lived every day and night on that cow farm. There were no ghosts. I never encountered a dead spirit remotely floating up or down those twenty miles of limestone gravel roads.” Bo neck snaps his skull to Dallas, inquiring honestly. “Did you ever see one?”
“Guess they called ‘Bama Ghostbusters’.” Dallas laughs with a hardy tone then neck snaps his skull to Bo, asking curiously. “Did you call it in?”
“Contacted Central. No ghost haunting reported…ever.”
Dallas bobs his skull up and down, once then finishes his BBQ sandwich. “There you go. Mama was mentally insane. She definitely transferred her ‘noid-ism’ to Elmo.”
“I guarded a troubled man.”
“Tough being a protecting Angel…” Dallas dumps, swallowing the lump of food.
“Confined to the manor and farm land for 100 years, 36,500 days, 876,000 hours…”
“24/7 Angel.” Dallas reminds and insults then pops a handful of potato chips into mouth, chewing vigorously. 
“A very long time…indeed.” Bo confirms, bobbing his skull up and down several times.
Dallas inquires. “Didn’t you volunteer for that job?”
“I was drafted at the last minute. I didn’t have a choice.” Bo briefly replays in his mental mind.
“We all have choices, Bo.” Dallas gently reminds his Faithful-angel brother.
“We all have the ‘right’ choices, Dallas.” Bo wisely reminds his Fallen-angel brother.
Dallas mouths. “O!” Then, he eye burns the dill pickle.
“Back to the city…” Bo requests as he nods his skull at Dallas.
Dallas sums the facts quickly. “Boring steel and mine town. Birmingham, largest city in Alabama, settled 1813 called ‘Elyton.’ English name by some minor redneck land company backing the established railroad system, transporting iron and steel here to the Yankees.” Dallas halts his sermon then neck snaps his skull to Bo, snorting with humor. “You do know what Yan-kees are? Northern folks that live in northern cities like Pittsburg.”
Bo bobs his skull, waving his hands as he swallows his sandwich while Dallas continues. “Birmingham locates Appalachian peak Mountain Ridge and low Valley Region in north Central Alabama, land area 144.4 square miles, highest elevation mountain peaks at 603 feet. Major cities, 100 miles within Birmingham include Montgomery, Huntsville, and Tuscaloosa. City grew into Industrial center first half of century.”
Bo laughs and interprets. “Can’t spell the words ‘the’ or ‘and’ for your English Lit research papers?”
Dallas curses softly at Bo then bravely continues. “Present, Birmingham called ‘Magic City.’ Uh…does that have a familiar ring-a-ding to ya, Bo?”
“No.”
“The vocabulary word is ‘yes’.” Dallas corrects and chuckles with amusement.
“Los Angeles is the ‘City of Angels,’ bro. I’m ancient, not anal.” Bo spits annoyingly as Dallas laughs with a hardy tone, wiping down the tears from his face with both hands as Bo wrinkles his forehead, ugly and motions his free hand for Dallas to continue.
Dallas nosily clears her throat then finishes quickly. “After years of crime, violence, city employs jobs in healthcare, government…banking.”
Bo stands and claps and whistles, shouting his bass drum with joyous song. “Bravo, bravo. Encore! Encore!” He re-seats, issuing calmly. “Tell me about Gardenville, Alabama.”
Dallas roller balls his pupils deeply into the rear of his skull, eating the dill pickle in two chomps, and purposefully slurs his words. “Farm town, cows, horses, pigs, and one fresh gravesite of formal dead, stiff, and smelly Mr. Elmo Raymond Fleming.”
Bo bobs his skull once in agreement then requests nicely. “Right-o, the formal Mr. Fleming would’ve invited me to stay at the manor. Five days and four fun-filled nights.”
“Bro?”
“Do I have to beg, Dallas?” Bo nags with annoyance.
“Like to see that visual performance, bro…on your knees, wiggle the bee_hind, holding your wrists flexed downward…heel, Bo. Sit, Bo. Retrieve, Bo. ” Dallas visually describes then pants his pink tongue like a puppy dog, holding his arched wrists upright then laughs, hardy.
“I’m begging with big nice words. I’ll be a good boy.”
“Born the first Boy Scout....” Dallas dumps, crunching into the apple.
Bo firmly reminds while he purses his lips, tightly then neck snaps his skull at Dallas. “I did you a big whomping favor allowing your evil stirrings into Elmo’s life. If it won’t for me, you’ll be living on the street like the rest of the Fallen-angels.”
“And I chose to debate that fragile point…here, at this spot under the old Oak tree without the yellow ribbons. Since, I don’t need the fancy decorations. Look…I bowled him over with my charisma personality…” Dallas lectures.
“What personality? You’re a thief.” Bo truthfully corrects.
“….and hypnotized him with my courageous rescue.” Dallas lists.
“You knew Elmo would fall from that horse. Ya got Angel-sight called clairvoyance.” Bo truthfully corrects.
“…and beguiled him with my genius….self.” Dallas grins and poses with food between his molars for two seconds then alters. “Myself….got ya!” Dallas loudly snorts, exclaiming with victory.
“Six days.”
“You said five.” Dallas adjusts.
“Four, man. Totally.” Bo negotiates as silence covers the chat while Dallas grunts like a wounded animal with his approval then Bo compliments and smiles. “Thanks, Dallas. You’re the man.” Bo bobs his skull up and down, once then spoons a scoop of the vanilla pudding from the plastic cup.
“I hope that I don’t regret this.”
Bo chin whips his face and stares at Tina, asking curiously. “How’d ya know she’s tainted?”
“See the brown aura.” Dallas explains.
Bo sadly informs, bobbing his skull up and down several times. “Brown means clinical sickly with a mental illness, too.”
“Squint your eyeballs really close, see the maroon band around the brown painted one with patches of black dots. Sickly humans have blue layering around the brown, not that.” Dallas intellectually defines then smart-asses. “Ya should’ve studied more, bro.” He dumps the entire cup of vanilla pudding into his open mouth like a wild monkey of the jungles in Amazon. 
“Studying didn’t keep you out of….trouble.”
Dallas grins with a wicked smile. “But you tried…”
“I’ve never seem a Tainted-angel before.”
Dallas relays, shaking his blonde bangs sideways. “Rare, very rare.”
“How did she get Tainted?”
Dallas stares studiously at Tina then sighs deeply, informing patiently. “You’d have to ask her.”
“The Tainting process is unique.”
Dallas educates. “The whole ‘Taint’ thing is unique. I only remember the overall theory….a Human can brutally remove an angel’s wings.”
“How can a Human do that, Dallas?”
Dallas snorts with an evil tone then spits, hotly. “By a trick, trade, or torture…something really weird.”
“Hmm! We should help her.” Bo proposes and grins with a toothy smile then neck snaps to his skull to Dallas.
Dallas lectures. “You’re not smelling the home baked chocolate chips cookies from the oven…” He shakes his skull sideways, answering. “No, bro.”
“Why not? She used to be an Angel. She’s one of us.”
Dallas sadly quotes. “I used to be An angel. Now, I’m Fallen. And now…she’s Tainted. No, bro. Finish your pudding.”
“I did. No way to reverse the Tainting.”
Dallas shakes his skull side to side, guessing. “Don’t think so.”
“We can use my time to find out.”
Dallas firmly objects. “No, bro. I thought you wanted to tour the ‘City of Steel’.” He chuckles.
“I can do…both.”
“Don’t know.” Dallas grabs the back of his neck muscles, massaging the ache of Bo since the Angel always enjoys messing in affairs, not his own.
“Are we disallowed?”
Dallas advises. “Don’t think so. But it’s an unofficial rule, not to contact them.”
“Them? How many Tainted-angels are there in existence?”
Dallas relays. “She’s my first encounter.”
“Mine as well. Why can’t we contact one? Is she contagious?”
Dallas roller balls his pupils deeply into the rear of his skull, scratching his forehead with his dirty finger pads, emphasizing. “No, she’s Tainted, not infected, Bo.”
“Can she get sick with Human infections…smallpox, chicken pox…the like?”
Dallas purses lips, tightly in a deep thought, lecturing informatively. “If I recall correctly, she’s Human with a boost of Angel DNA.” He snorts with amusement then nibbles at the pear skin.
Bo spits jokingly. “That should keep her healthy and sanitary.”
Dallas laughs with a hardy, chewing the food between his words. “Good point, I hadn’t thought of it that way.”
Bo coos lovingly. “She’s really pretty.”
Dallas shakes his blonde bangs sideways, and orders, hostile-like. “No, bro.  The answer’s no.”
“She looks young and…” Bo chuckles.
“We all look young and precious…Angel DNA.” Dallas reminds of their creation.
Bo laughs with a hardy tone and inquires. “How’d ya know I was going to said that?”
“You’re too predictable, bro.” Dallas snorts.
“Hmm! I need to change that.”
Dallas joshes, fun-like. “After three centuries…doubt it.”
Bo both slicks and smiles. “Since…I can’t change my predicted behavior and you know what I’m going to state next. I vote we help her.”
“No.”
Bo tells happily with a smile. “Good, we gots a plan…” He crunches on the apple, and satisfies with his new idea.
Dallas snorts with a small amount of invisible air, and grunts like a wound animal, calling out. “We. Gots A. Plan. You gots a plan. I gots school…”
Bo laughs, reminding pleasantly. “No. That’s why you’re here. I thought you were bored with the steel and mine city.”
Dallas lectures. “Part of the inheritance requirement from my dearly departed adopted father Elmo Raymond Fleming…I must complete high school receiving a diploma as in an authentic wood pressed paper with little red, white, and blue ribbons.”
“You possess hundreds of high school diplomas.”
Dallas reiterates. “All over the world, not from Garden Preparatory.”
“Bummer.”
“Bum…mer…” Dallas crinkles his forehead, ugly, slicing his eyeballs to B and asking mildly. “Why didn’t you stop him?”
“Can’t interfere….buddy.”
Dallas jerks his jaw line in Tina’s direction as she placidly sits under the Maple tree ignoring her high school students then predicts. “O! But you want to mess with a Tainted-angel…she’s big bad trouble. Fleming was old and…”
“Elderly. I thought the idea had merit. You can’t get the money until you’re eighteen…”
Dallas rumbles in his baritone trombone with aggregation. “I’m way over eighteen.”
“In Angel years…” Bo dumps then snorts with amusement they are both the same age in heavenly math charts.
Dallas briskly reminds. “In Fallen-angel years, too.”
Bo laughs then inquires. “When’s your fake Earth eighteenth birthday?”
“Next month…” Dallas dumps then chews vigorously on the pear meat.
Bo insists with free care. “See, we gots two more weeks….with me. We’ll have fun and play games, and celebrate your new independence.”
“Soooo…vacation still means you’re hiding out as a Human.”
Bo corrects and smiles. “Human form. Wings tucked. Out of Heaven. Off limits. Consuming food….” He finishes the delicious red apple.
“Par…tee.” Dallas vocals while he sniggers since he doesn’t have time to have fun and play with the mounds of homework awaiting his full undivided attention.
Bo chuckles then reminds. “Monitored.”
“When are you not?” Dallas questions then eye burns the gray overcast skies for any more Angels hiding in Human forms.
Bo inquires with curiosity. “Do Tainted-angels retain their Angel abilities?”
Dallas neck snaps his skull at Tina and alludes. “Don’t know.”
“Don’t know. I can’t believe my angelic ears heard those adverbs. You don’t know something, Dallas.” Bo teases for fun then powerfully punches Dallas’ bicep with his folded fist, exclaiming. “Then, I say we should test her.”
Dallas neck snaps his skull to Bo, calls annoyingly. “Test her…for what? Math skills? English words? Perfume?”
Bo smiles with a friendly smirk, wiggling his eyebrows, funny and inquire with passion. “Perfume, does she wear perfume?”
“Naw.” Dallas huffs musically in baritone trombone then attacks the rest of the pear.
Bo reports. “Now, for the documented record, my man, that’s too quick of a reply worthy of my attention….and my investigation.”
“Naw.” Dallas puff musically in baritone trombone then finishes his milk carton.
“Ya know something spill it, Dallas.” Bo guesses good.
“Naw.” Dallas huffs musically in baritone trombone then parts the banana peel.
Bo neck snaps his skull to Dallas, citing with total confidence. “I can read your mind, buddy.”
Dallas swallows the lump of food, speaking with divinatory education. “Firstly, I know for the true historical fact you cannot do that on me. Secondly, I will not allow you to do that on me…thirdly….”
“You know her.”
“She’s calls me, ‘dork’.” Dallas tattles then finishes the banana.
Bo laughs with a hardy, inquiring amusingly. “Why would that be, man?”
“I call her ‘doll’.” Dallas confesses.
Bo neck snaps his skull to Tina, smiling with a sweet grin. “Hmm! I can see the physical as well as maybe…”
“She’s the reason I failed last year…not completing my high school diploma.” Dallas adds.
“So?” Bo questions.
Dallas sighs then breathes, deeply, and explains, fury-like. “Tina cheated on my paper.”
“Why would she do that? She’s an Angel with lots of Celestial knowledge of the entire universe. Can’t she pass her own high school tests?” Bo intrigues.
“Failing English Lit, slanted those matching Emerald eyes at my test, copying my answer as the teacher accused.” Dallas storytells.
“Emerald eyes?” Bo narrows his eyelids, spying on the pretty girl and hopes to verify her eye color.
“Bo.” Dallas neck snaps his skull to him, reprimanding.
“The entire test?” Bo swings his skull at Dallas, smiling then questions.
“Only a small section related to Theology…” Dallas explains.
Bo shakes black skull sideway and crinkles his forehead with comment. “That doesn’t make any sense, why would she cheat on Theology that’s our easiest subject matter in Angeldom….”
Dallas sighs then breathes, deeply, talks, aspirate-like. “She didn’t. We both used the same familiar format of Angel examples because of our ‘related’ experience. When the teacher studied our answers, her only presumed assumption presumed was that we copied off of each other’s test.”
“She failed the class, too.” Bo surmises.
Dallas finales with deep bitterness. “We both got suspended which in turn suspended our grades which in turn suspended our lives for another round of borr-ing high school.”
“That tells me, immediately that we should help Tina.”
Dallas neck snaps his skull to him, lecturing annoyingly. “Look Bo, I don’t know and don’t possess the knowledge to help a Tainted-angel.”
Bo forcefully slaps at Dallas’ bicep for fun as Dallas grunts like a junk yard dog and Bo smiles and announces with a pleasant bass drum. “Well, we gots two weeks to figure it out, man.”
“How are you…supposed to do that, bro?” Dallas inquires by shaking his skull side to side.
“Talk to her…” Bo bravely injects.
“About the Tainting….no, no way.” Dallas disagrees with that conversation.
“We can…” Bo dumps.
“You can try…” Dallas insists.
“You can try for the sake of redemption…on you’re….” Bo requests
Dallas roller balls his pupils deeply into the rear of his skull then tosses his skull backward while missing the tree bark, complaining bitterly. “Don’t tax me with this subject matter.”
“Dallas, it’s been centuries…” Bo does want to tax him with that very subject matter.
“Only a 100 years, bro, since the incident...” Bo gently reminds as Dallas vividly tries to forget.
“You can redeem your good graces, got back into Heaven and she can help you do just that.” Bo proposes and smiles at his brilliant idea.
“You wish too much, Bo.” Dallas plays with the wrapper on the empty vanilla pudding cup.
Bo shouts with happiness. “This is the perfect opportunity…..a Celestial life time…opportunity. A Tainted-angel goes home. I can hear the Cherubs singing the repetitive chorus blasting the news across the Pearly Gates. Who saved her? Dallas the Fallen-one…Dallas the Angel has returned….Dallas…”
“I’m over it. I’m moving on with my Fallen-life. Don’t wish for something that can’t be retrieved, restored…reinstated.” Dallas lectures, ripping the wrapper from the vanilla pudding cup.
“Why not? I can help. And the gang misses you.” Bo offers then chuckles.
Dallas snorts with a steam of invisible air, grunts like a junk yard dog then comments sarcastically. “When was the last time you visited with the gang?”
“About 100 years, but I keep in touch by email…mobile telephone nicknamed a cell…great little Human devices…., Bo waves his mobile telephone in the air wave then chuckles at the little invention.
Dallas snorts like a plantation pig then compliments. “Glad you’re highly entertained, bro.”
“Think about it. We both…you and I…can help her…and we…both…like a team….can help you.” Bo purses his new dream of aiding Dallas.
Dallas lights the cold cigarette, holding it in his single left hand, expressing sadly. “Like the good old times, together.” Bo pours his bottled water over the burning joint as Dallas spits, fury-like. “Hey.”
“You picked up bad habits…” Bo reprimands, jabbing his index finger into Dallas’ face.
“I retained my favorite bad habits. I need a smoke.” Dallas searches the paper bag for another new cigarette.
Bo chuckles and tattles. “Remember, when I lifted that pack of cigarettes in the air, crashed them letting the tobacco particles fall to the dirt on your first day at Elmo’s house….”
Dallas shakes his blonde bangs sideways, grinning and proclaiming with fondness. “In the underground root cellar, yeah….scaring the stuffing out of my muffin…bro.”
Bo exclaims. “And…you’re one of the great big bad Fallen-angels…” He laughs, hardy.
“I have sworn an oath to repay ya back for that stupid dare devil stunt along with the others, one day.…” Dallas confirms then finger points at the oversized lunch cooler. “Hand me my bottle of dessert.”
Bo challenges. “Today’s that fine day…I’m Human…kinda.…” Then he chuckles and rambles around the cool nylon bag for the remaining last item of Dallas’ lunch.
“Be very careful in what you wish for…there….Human…” Dallas kinda threatens then chuckles with an evil laugh.
“Cheers.” Bo holds and toasts with his third milk carton, handing off the cold bottle to Dallas.
Dallas cracks the top and gulps the liquid then literally spits from his lips the nasty beverage onto the grass, yelling ferociously. “Blab!” He eye burns the bottle, not recognizing the design. “What’s this?”
“Chocolate milk.” Bo dumps then noisily slurps on his white milk.
“My German beer…” Dallas neck snaps his skull at Bo, inquiring.
“I know you thought it was beer which is another retained bad habit, Dallas.” Bo grins with a toothy smile for the brilliant switch-a-roo, while reprimanding.
“I’m way over eighteen centuries….”
“Then, you definitely know what’s good for you. Drink up, its good for your body, and your soul, man.” Bo orders then gulps the milk in one swig then burps with happiness as the bell loudly rings and students swiftly shuffle their covered toe bones inside the classroom while Dallas stands and softly curses.
Afternoon. Mellon Bookstore. Clear skies. Sunset. 58ºF. 8:01pm. Tina sits in the oversized chair, and waits for her girl The girl possesses long thick straight brown hair with naturally golden highlights, an oval face of tawny tanned skin with brown doe-shaped eyes and petites at five feet and three inches with short legs, tiny waist, wearing her designer clothes, designer shoes, and a matching purse, and carrying the cell phone in her left hand since she skidded by Tina on Sunday afternoon after losing the rabbit chase.
Then, Tina will punch the girl’s nose then blacken one eye socket and finally pull chunks of her brown hair from the roots or….maybe Tina will not as she snorts with her amused and abused vivid imagination.
However, Tina knows her reading the precious ID from the personalized car license tag named MELLON4. Morgan Mellon is the daughter of alive and breathing Mr. and Mrs. Matthew Mellon who lives in Morrisville, Alabama. Her father owns a chain of Alabama Athletic Sporting department stores which leads to great wealth and small fame in the little country town and now…the thief of Tina’s Angel wings.
Tina sniffs up her nose holes the wet mucus from her running nostrils along with holding back her gathered tears of emotions….happy, sad, mad, fury, and finally relief of searching over two standard Earth years as her sharp mind shifts backward in Earth time to the past two years…not celebrated happily either last week when Tina had become a Human. Tina quickly sobs a small set of wet tears, wrapping her arms around her thick knit sweater.
Her jumbled and fumbled deep emotions don’t adjust very well to the trauma of permanently living on Planet Earth without her Angel family and friends but Tina has survived two long years with some of her Angel powers intact for her bestest survival.
Correction there….she doesn’t posses her awesome Angel powers but Tina retains some basic Angel abilities of clairvoyance (future prediction) along with some other survival skills taught at her Angeldom lessons.
That particular touchy supernatural Angel ability allows her to live among the Humans without their knowledge of her past, her current present, and hopefully not too long from now…her future return into the Heavenly Gates with smiling Saint Peter.
Tina lives meekly and simply with the high hopes of returning into Heaven, leaving the material possessions behind as she sobs back the wet tears of depression, loneliness, and uncertainty.
Every time Tina looks into the mirror she sees a female face that counts of 100 Angel years old but physical appears like an Earth age of seventeen with a round face, apple cheeks, pink lips, naturally wavy waist-length strawberry-blonde hair, and ghostly mint green eyes on a peachy-pale complexion at five feet and eleven and a half inches, just shine of six feet on her thin frame.
Not of Tina’s choosing since after the Tainting, she’s cursed with an abundant Earth food allergies, avoiding both legumes and fish as she sighs then breathes deeply.
She doesn’t possess tiny or large slivers of scar tissue where her wing stems protruded from her hypodermis. Two years ago, her back muscles were forcefully ripped open and pulled from the hypodermis which lies below the fleshy skin of her Angel wings which is attached to the underlying bone and muscle of her shoulder blades then the wings were touched by Human hands…and taken with curious mystery and bloody pain.
Her new Human back muscles don’t hurt, or ache from that violent barbaric procedure since she appears, totally like a healthy Earth teenage girl living in Birmingham, Alabama.
Tina lives without seeing or hearing the other Angels above her skull, flapping around on their wings when touring their new domain, and protecting their new charges since she knows that they are there and they know that she is here living as a Human in Birmingham, Alabama.
After years, days, hours, minutes, and seconds of intense reading sessions at the Bookstore and local Library, she has hypothesized that an Angel can contact her….if she/he so desires, either mentally, verbally… or in a tactile touch. Tina has researched and studied tons of Human paper documents, repeating the same data over and over…again, stating a “Tainted-angel” is lower than a Demon….untouched….unwanted….unknown.
Tina is on her own and fins for her Tainted life to survive in the harsh cruel world…here….until she finds her wings and the proper wing method of reversing….that ”Taint” thing since Tina doesn’t know what happened, doesn’t know how it happened, and does knows it will happen, again…getting her Angel wings back.
She grins with happiness at the future excitement, elation, and escape of this Human world after discovering the odd smell of her tracked wounded Angel wings…her Angel wings around that Human girl named Morgan as she smiles with accomplishment.
Tina un-wraps her numb socked feet from the Indian style posture, stretching her long pencil jeans into two straight pins, yawning then inhales and exhales fresh breathes of oxygen while pondering Morgan’s home address. Tina has never kidnapped, or has never hurt anyone, or has never exhibited any evil opposite “Human” persona since her natural statehood of Angel is very meek and mild, smiling and ponders her delicate dilemma then she sighs and breathes, deeply.
So, in the meantime with her lack of an evil plan and evil Human in tow, Tina reads, studies, watches, and waits for her secret planned plot to unfold on her determined day once she finds Morgan, again and retrieves her Angel wings.
The overhead loud speaker cracks, announcing the closing of the store by shutting off the overhead lights which reflect off the vertical metal sections of book stacks, and indicates to the customers to exit the Book store for the evening as Tina gathers her saddle purse, replacing the borrowed books back onto the shelves for tomorrow’s duty of Tainted-angel investigation and research.
Tuesday. Gardenville Prep. English literature. Third period. Partly cloudy skies. 67ºF. 11:03 am. The bell loudly rings as students quickly shuffle heels into the room and books and backpacks dive successfully onto the flat desk surfaces.
Bo plops into his assigned chair and sours his lips, ugly leaning deeply into Dallas’ space, whispering, softly. “You should’ve introduced me to Tina, Dallas.”
“Naw.” Dallas huffs musically, rearranging his books and notepads around him for the new school assignment.
Bo continues unperturbed in his bass drum. “That was…the most opportune time while we were passing her.”
Dallas neck snaps his skull, commenting wisely. “Bo, look…leave her alone.”
Bo heatedly remarks. “No. She can help you. You can help her. I feel with stronger emotions now…then yesterday.”
“I’ll buy you a beer later….then you’re feel numb and weak….” Dallas dumps and chuckles at his mental image of Bo relaxed and drunk on a half bottle of beer.
Bo orders. “Introduce me, next class….”
“This is our only class….together.”
Bo wrinkles his forehead, ugly and questions. “Is she in any of your other Honors classes?”
Dallas shakes his bangs sideways, flipping the pages of the English Lit book, tattling. “She’s not an academician, Bo. I think she’s smart but pre-occupied all the time with her wildly free mental thoughts. She makes lousy grades which prompted her suspension.”
“You don’t make lousy grades.” Bo observes with duck lips, ugly.
Dallas marks the page in the English Lit textbook and neck snaps his skull to Bo, confirming and smiling. “Right-o, bro. The school policy required punishment for both parties since the teacher couldn’t prove burden of guilt…on either student.”
Bo expresses, inquiring. “Bummer. Isn’t this a private school? How did she come back from cheating and a suspension?”
Dallas updates. “A rich elite private school in Bama. These types of schools must provide one percent for minority fellowship.”
“She’s not a minority.” Dallas eye burns the rear of Tina’s strawberry-blonde hair.
Dallas explains, aspirate-like. “Girls count on the minority totem pole…here. The standard references any academic minority in which the school must provide for the minority illiterate as well. So, the school has selected one…her.”
“She reads, writes, and speaks in a few thousand different languages, since she was a Heavenly Angel, Dallas. How can she be labeled illiterate?”
Dallas grabs the back of his neck muscles with his right hand, rubbing intensively the growing arch from Bo’s nosy questions, lecturing with cautious. “Its calculated into her very low below the clay dirt G.P.A which stands around 1.0.”
“On a 3.0 scale….” Bo dumps.
“Try a 4.0 scale.” Dallas adjusts.
Bo twists his lips, ugly then confirms with a smile at Dallas. “Hmm! She does need our help, bro.”
“Bo, you ain’t listening to me. Tina don’t like people…teachers, students, teens….all Humans… maybe small animals.” Dallas describes in general steering Bo’s thought process down another intellectually pathway away from aiding a Tainted-angel.
Bo spits, appallingly. “She’s mean…to small animals.”
“Naw.” He presents duck lips, ugly then corrects. “She’s very…very shy, withdrawn, keeps to herself….eating lunch by herself…sits…” Dallas clarifies, shaking his skull sideways.
“…by herself. You know… I do possess 20/15 Angel-vision. I observed her behavior, yesterday.”
Dallas quips, heartache-like. “She has no friends from either side of the triangle, nerds, or jocks, or socialites. She’s a loner and based on her circumstances I can understand her mental mentality.”
“You’re giving up to soon, man.”
“We shall see, bro.” Dallas rumbles in his baritone trombone, and eye gleams Miss R.
Miss R proclaims, standing behind her desk. “Today, Hamlet…”
Roger stands and poses both his hands over his invisible heart organ, quoting. “To be…or not to be.”
Teens laugh as it rings with a good accommodation of Roger’s poem as Bo leans his light dusting of black whiskers into Dallas’ left eardrum, tickling the flesh, and mouthing incoherent secret words, while Dallas smiles with humor at Bo’s creative image. Dallas whispers a low baritone, correcting Roger’s position. “Brownie points!” Bo nods his skull, once imitating teen-Human behavior.
Miss R smiles, motioning with her hand to sit down position as Roger sits then she decides. “Not to be… pass up your homework.” She walks to the nearest table collecting, and shuffling the papers then darts her eyeballs around the faces. “I’ll grade and post those by tomorrow. In the meantime, I have a very special assignment…,” instructing as teen moans echo in unison. Miss R warns. “This is part of your final grade for those of you who want to graduate this year.” She returns her body to her desk, lifting the small brown weave basket to the nearest table, lecturing. “Select one folded paper, don’t open it or I’ll reward ‘F’ on your project. This is the first of the new school year.” Teens groan in unison as she continues. “Yes, and time for my yearly prep talk….”
An invisible face speaks, padding through the archway of the class room. “Good morning, Miss R! I have another transfer for your class….two days in a row.” Principal Weston bounces his short round body inside the classroom, trailing a Human as the girl stops, poses, and smiles to her new classmates.
Tina nosily gasps for oxygen then smashes her eyelashes upright, sitting fifteen feet from the new student… and the thief as Miss R greets with a friendly nod and names. “Morgan Mellon, pick any seat at any table. You’d arrived in time. We’re about to discuss the mid-term literature project.” She rudely finger points her Coral manicured index finger in the air representing any seat in the room.
Morgan sashays her sexy hips straight to the rear wall, pathing right for the corner table as Tina watches along with the other twenty-three pair of eyeballs. Morgan sways on her tippy toes in the four-inched designer shoes, popping a series of tiny explosions of pink strawberry bubble gum from her lips as Tina smells the sweet taste of strawberry that lingers in air.
Bo stands like a Southern gentleman, pulling the empty chair then plasters a big stupid grin on his handsome face as Morgan bats her black mascaraed eyelashes, pouting with her painted red lips then giggles with a girly twang. She lady-like smoothes her fashionable short mini-skirt tucking it under her legs then plasters her bee_hind in the pre-offered seat. She turns her chair and her body inwardly towards both Bo and Dallas, ignoring the English Lit teacher then giggles with a girly twang and smiles with a toothy grin then pops her pink bubble gum into a small round circle, loudly.
Visible student drops the weave basket onto the teacher’s desk while Miss R claps her hands for attention, ordering. “Open my gifts…and I want all the number one’s…over by the door.” She motions her hand up, down, and side to side, instructing. “One’s by the door….up…get up. I know there are four of ya’ll….” She waves her hand at the archway, yelling at the sitting students. “By the door….if you haven’t figured out the math. There are twenty-four students which is divided by four equals perfectly a set of six teams.” She giggles with a girly twang and smiles, vengeance-like.
The poor four post traumatic stressed Garden Prep students wander nosily to the closed door, whispering softly into each other scared face while bobbing their skulls as Miss R commands, military-like, and rudely finger points her Coral manicured index fingernail while sitting vertical cross-legged on her desk top. “Good. Number two’s by the far north window.” She moves an index fingernail at the second target. “Number three’s by the middle window. Number four’s by the south window. Numbers five’s by the black board behind me….and finally number six’s in the rear wall. March, one, two, three, four…one, two, three, four….”
Tina possesses the number four on her paper slip and sighs then breathes, deeply since she is tired of pretending to be High Schooler but she can’t get any working job without any working form of legal document. The illegal aliens living in the US have the recognition of Human traits which includes their birth certificates, foreign accents, exotic facial features, and Human fingerprints…all these items can’t be fabricated by Tainted-angel.
One year ago. Tina plops into the State of Alabama on her first Earth Assignment as a new Guardian-angel. Then, after the incident, she is a Human and has to speak, read, and write as a Human. She has to act and behavior as a Human, surviving as a Human, sometimes, without any food and shelter with clinging fabric rags upon her naked back muscles from the protection of a hot bright sun and a sharp cold wind along with the other harsh elements that Mother Nature has been assigned by the Great Creator on the round ball of blue and brown called Planet Earth.
Present. Tina swiftly stands then firmly presses her finger pads onto her blue jean skirt straightening the denim down towards her long pale legs as she nervously strolls and slowly bounces and quickly dodges the flowing and flaring other teen life forms towards the south window as she follows behind Dallas, the new boy Bo, and the new girl Morgan. They pose in a half-moon circle, inspecting their separate small slips of papers, chatting as Tina sandwiches between the two tall males.
“Hey, doll…,” Dallas neck snaps his skull to her, greeting with a friendly wink of his eyelid, left and smiling sweetly at her.
She quickly reacts and winks her eyelash, right at Dallas while smiling with a lovely set of perfect white teeth. “Hey, doll back. Love the pet name, babe. You can call me, Morgan.” Morgan coos and taps her staccato footprints closing inside to the body of tall Dallas and bumps his right hard bicep with her manicured red sharp fingernails. She giggles with a girly twang, cutting her eyeballs vertically then horizontally at the tall muscular he-man form with her non-stop girly flirting action.
Dallas crinkles his forehead, ugly, shaking his blonde bangs sideways at Bo, dumping annoyingly. “Ya got a four, too.”
Bo hand whips the small white paper in the air holding it by his five finger pads, yelling proudly. “See, four.”
Dallas shakes his bangs sideways, narrowing his eyelids at the Faithful-angel, sneering then swiftly grabs the paper from Bo’s hand, inspecting with his baby blues as Dallas extends his open palm to her while he eye burns at Bo, “Morgan, let me see your….”
Miss R gallops between the bodies of Morgan and Dallas, shaking her skull and waving her right hand between the huddled students, ordering. “Bo, Morgan, starting a new school isn’t easy. I can sympathy. But…you must wing yourself from Dallas. He’s a very good student and can tutor you on Literature text bites that I will admit. However, you need to go to your selected teams for this new assignment. It’ll be fun to meet and greet…”
Dallas hands the collected papers while he eye burns at Bo, and explains, stun-like. “We…for some unknown and unexplained supernatural mysterious reason…seem to possess the entire paper slips with the number four, Miss R.”
“Impossible.” She mumbles, reading the slips with her eyeballs quickly then Miss R blares. “Tina, your slip please.” Tina hands off the folded paper with the number four.
“This rocks! We’re on the same team.” Morgan neck snaps her skull to Bo, finger pointing at Dallas and asks shockingly. “Is he really smart?”
Bo bobs his skull up and down several times while he grins with a stupid smirk and adds in his loud bass drum. “Genius…smart…I believe the term applies to Dallas.” Morgan smiles with an evil grin as her red lips stretch fully even from ear to ear, giggling with a girly twang as Dallas shakes his blonde bangs sideways then shuffles his booted feet with nervous energy.
“What are the odds of one table collecting the same number…three times?” Miss R shakes her skull side to side with confusion then eye burns each student with teacher suspicion.
Morgan continues to grin and proclaims in low alto. “This rocks….like a zillion to one odds…”
Miss R returns the white slips into Dallas’ palm then swirls her skull and eye burns at each student, concluding. “I don’t mess with destiny. I’m not a judge. I guess fate placed ya’ll together…good luck team number four!” She pivots soldierly and walks to her desk.
Dallas respects. “Thanks, Miss R.”
“He’s really smart, right?” Morgan yelps like a puppy dog, clapping her hands and smiles with happiness.
“Let’s move back to our table.” Dallas orders, while motioning his right hand up, down, and around the room leading first to their assigned table as Bo pulls a chair for each female while Dallas resumes his assigned seat, detailing. “We need a topic…”
“We need a leader.” Bo votes.
“I vote for you, Dallas, honey.” Morgan bats her thick black mascaraed eyelashes, smiling sweetly, and touches his right bicep with her red manicured long fingernails.
“Second.” Bo chuckles and watches the ‘Earth’ diva annoy Dallas.
“Alright!” Dallas nods his skull once at the accepted title then he talks slo mo. “I…am…leader.”
Miss R claps her hands together and center stages her body in the middle of the black board, instructing. “Pick any subject matter! I’m not selective to your choices as long as it relates …I mean in some small tea tiny part…to Literature.”
“American Literature, Miss R….” Visible student shouts from her selected team next to the window.
“World, Ancient, Mythological, Eastern, Western, Biblical.…review any and all topics. Let me repeat once more. I’m not selective about the topic. If you’re uncertain, see me.” She pauses for drama then holds her palm up for silence then continues. “However, I’m very picky about you following the rules of the san gradable literature project.” She holds a single Coral manicured index finger up in the air. “Rule one is one paper collaborated by your team. Ya know, the ones standing on your right and left feet.” The group of teens laugh in unison as Miss R holds her middle finger up beside her index finger pad. “Rule two, four subject headings with four team members writing the one paper...”
“Mss R, four different subject headings in one paper, how’s that possible?” Visible student asks.
“For example, if I select to explain an elaborate written prose on the geographic directions of Earth. I would have four different viewpoints composed of east, west, south, and north. Get the pic!” Miss R vocally demonstrations as the group of teen skull bob up and down in silence.
“Thanks, Miss R.” Visible student yells.
Miss R holds her ring finger up beside both the middle and index finger pads. “Rule three, written in professional research style.” Teens moan in unison as she adds. “I see you understand my request with the APA footnotes.” She giggles then commands, military-like. “You have three weeks to complete your work which is typed with font 12, Times Roman style, double spaced of ten pages including the header page and the last page of references which means eight pages of well documented researched accurate data. That’s two pages per student. Easy…(smiles)…please, folks, don’t make things up. I don’t like it when you fib, tattle, or rattle about fake events. I’ll distribute with a delightful pleasure ‘F’ for failure to finish. Understood?” Silence from the teens as she challenges. “Excellent, start your engines…ready, set, go!” Miss R removes her grade book, a set of loose homework papers, the empty coffee mug from her desk, sailing at hyper speed her body into the empty hallway.
Dallas as leader leads. “Simon says what topic? I’m not picky about subject matter, only gradable material for passing.”
Morgan finger points her bright shiny fire engine red index finger at Tina, popping a small circle of pink bubble gum between her bright shiny fire engine red pursed lips, tightly then neck snaps her brown skull to Dallas, spitting venomously. “Can she talk?”
“Yes.” Tina huffs musically in her silky flute soprano.
Morgan continues to pose her index fingernail at Tina, pops three pink bubbles, slurping her pink tongue and malevolently questions. “Is she the one percent minority person for this school?”
“No.” Tina puffs musically in smooth alto flute.
Morgan still finger points at Tina then cruelly asks. “She’s the academic minority. Is she illiterate?”
“No.” Tina huffs musically in her sharp piccolo soprano.
“This sucks! I need this class to graduate high school.” Morgan roller balls her pupils deeply into the rear of her skull then neck snaps her skull to Dallas, pouting with her red lips, bitterly.
“Ditto, mama.” Dallas snorts with an invisible stream of air then shrugs his shoulders, once and neck snaps his skull at Bo as Bo presents duck lips, ugly and eye burns nasty Morgan.
Morgan vituperatively inquires. “Can she read and write?”
Dallas names with nasty baritone. “Morgan…?”
Morgan barks in an unkindly twang at Dallas. “I can’t fail this class. I can’t…”
Dallas replies as he eye burns shy Tina, commenting. “No one’s going to fail. I believe we have started off on the wrong foot.”
Morgan drones in her flat alto, looking at her sandals. “My feet aren’t wrong. I have a right foot and a left foot.”
Dallas vibrates in his diplomatic baritone. “An informal expression meaning to say that we need to greet and meet all the students in class.” He rudely finger points at Morgan and intros, “Sweet Tina meet Morgan. Morgan meet …”
Morgan rudely pops her bubble gum between her molars, interpreting with a callous attitude. “My toes are painted Rouge Red inside my new designer sandals, not rough cowboy boots.”
Dallas neck snaps his skull to Tina, inquiring and smiles with a sweet grin. “Are your boots rattlesnake or gator, doll? I like rattlers better. They have such pretty colors like you, Tina.” Bo grins as Morgan hisses and Tina smiles since Dallas is always sweet to Tina when he’s not flirting with every available and unavailable girl in and out of class time at Gardenville Prep.
Morgan poses princessly both her hands under her chin, popping her bubble gum with an open mouth among her back molars, talking ruthlessly. “I saw my sandals in Vogue….that’s a popular fashion magazine, darling. You should purchase one, get some fashion tips. I hate to tell ya but blue jeans…”
Dallas commands and eye burns nasty Morgan. “Blue jeans are the height of fashion on the four corners of the world, Morgan.”
Morgan continues viciously. “My feet are pedicured… last night, the manicurist sprayed perfume on them. Can you smell…?”
“Bacon.” Dallas smirks with a set of crooked soft lips, right then cuts his eyeballs directly at Morgan as he dumps the noun brutally while Bo laughs and Tina stares at Dallas.
“That sucks…bacon?” Morgan repeats the food item and wrinkles her tanned forehead, ugly while she exclaims in her soprano clarinet.
“I smell the strong odor of bacon.” Dallas announces wildly, repeating the food items as he leans his face heavily into Morgan’s shoulder and flexes his inflamed nostrils in and out two times then smiles and tattles. “You…you smell like…pan fried hot sizzling fresh cooked bacon.”
Morgan pops her bubble gum between her molars, sliding a set of her right manicured finger pads to her red sticky lips then she exhales her bad breathe, speaking meekly. “I consumed a B.L.T. for lunch.”
“ ‘xplain everything.” Dallas taps his pencil upon the notebook and head spins his eyeballs around the table, summaries happily as Bo laughs while Morgan sourly pouts and Tina sweetly smiles.
Bo announces in bass drum “Leader leads.”
“Leader does lead.” Dallas sighs then breathes deeply, cutting his eyeballs to the wall clock and taps his finger tips upon the table, deciding. “We meet after school at….”
Morgan offers then smiles, popping more bubble gum. “Mellon Bookstore.”
“Excellent suggestion, Morgan…at 2:05 pm…bring your brains and brass for tackling the books…sounds good?” Dallas compliments as teen skulls bob up and down in the affirmative when the bell loudly rings and students nosily depart out the classroom.
Afternoon. Mellon Bookstore. Table. Partly cloudy skies. 68ºF. 2:05 pm. Dallas slams his backpack on the table, studying the running life form called Bo walking towards him then yells. “Where were you, Bo?”
Bo gently drops the backpack on the carpet, surveying the new conference room that locates inside the Super Bookstore, rumbling in his bass drum and smiles. “Around…”
Dallas soldierly stands and eye burns Bo’s baby blues then tilts his skull to the left, studying the past moments of Bo’s adventure then snorts with invisible steam. “Speeding…racing the sports cars…”
“That you give me…a ride, a transport for moving about…the town and along the country side….”
Dallas shakes his blonde bangs sideways and rudely finger points his neatly trimmed clean fingernail at Bo, rumbling his baritone trombone. “That…I have generously lent to you out of the bottom of my giving heart and my closed mutant stupid brain cells during you’re forced vacare on me and mine. Its being returned to the dealership after you disappear. Don’t wreck the car, bro?”
“Ya gots money from Fleming…” Bo dumps then chuckles as he checks out the Sports book stacks filled with new magazines.
“Very limited monetary funds until the gigantic inheritance kisses my butt….don’t wreck the car, Bo?” Dallas dangerously threats his Angel-brother then violently scoots the chair, plopping on his lean wallet inside his slender faded blue jeans.
Bo imitates, hostage-like and holds up his hands then chuckles, proclaiming. “I want, man.” Bo tilts his skull and wrinkles his forehead while he studies Dallas, inquiring inquisitively. “How’d ya know I was racing?”
“Angel powers….remember?” Dallas dumps while he jolts hand written notes upon the paper notebook.
“I’m impressed.” Bo scoots out the chair, rotating his neck muscles around the nice store of books.
Dallas spits heartlessly and eye burns Bo. “I’m impressed, also. Why did you manipulate the weak-minded Humans with the Literature project, Bo?”
Bo neck snaps his skull at Dallas. “No, buddy. I don’t possess my …,” objecting.
Dallas rudely finger points at Bo, growling like a wounded animal. “Yes, you do…the survival pack.”
“Yes. I have them. Yes. I promise on Thrones and Seraphs that I didn’t manufacture this. Chill man, why so explosive?”
Dallas holds his neatly trim and clean index fingernail up in the air, lecturing brutally. “One, I need to pass this class. Two, I need to pass to this class to graduate. Three, I need to pass this class to graduate for the paper diploma. Four, I need to pass this class to graduate for the paper diploma to receive my proper inheritance.”
Bo shakes his black skull sideways while examining his cowboy boots then chin whips his face and purses his lips, tightly and eye burns Dallas, questioning faithfully. “Your money?”
“Yes, my money owned to me since…,” Dallas benevolently comments.
“You’re acting so Human. Drop the act, buddy.” Bo lectures then taps loose finger pads on the table surface.
“I am Human, not…you…Bo. Money’s important for humans…for food, shelter…,” Dallas lectures once again to his Angel-bro.
Bo repeats with passion and confidence. “You’re returning to Heaven, man. You don’t need money for those material value things.”
“How apropos…your nickname for me…is…’man’… Angel.” Dallas sneers with disgust while questioning Bo’s logic.
“Good point, Angel.” Bo brilliantly adjusts then chuckles.
“I’m very concerned about my well-being, Bo. The money’s tied to school. The school’s tied to the paper. The paper’s tied to…,” Dallas dumps once more.
Bo forcefully slaps his folded fist into Dallas’ bicep, grinning with a toothy smile and exclaims with a positive attitude in his deep bass drum. “Don’t sweat it! I’ll tutor the Angel. She’ll do part. I promise, Dallas.”
Dallas eye burns baby blues on Bo, warning, truly. “You should be worried about ‘not doing your part,’ Bo. You’re a…Faithful. If the big ones catch you playing around with fire, you’ll get burned.”
Bo smiles with ease, surveying the store for Tina, speaking honestly. “Vacation. I can play with anyone as long as I’m not destructive.”
Dallas shakes his blonde bangs sideways, repeating un-happily. “I think…she’s the one that’s destructive.”
Bo smiles and confirms, swinging his body to the right at Tina. “She’s shy. You clued me into that fact…yesterday. Everything’ll be fine. Relax, man.”
Morgan strolls to the conference table, popping her pink bubble gum between her molars then sits her designer purse inside the empty chair and eye burns Dallas then views Bo with interest.
Tina walks from behind Morgan’s bee_hind and watches the mating exchange with intrigue as Morgan selects a seat between Dallas and the air waves, shuffling her chair close to Dallas’ right bicep then touches her forehead and chats with her limited two words into Dallas’ right eardrum then giggles with a girly twang as she smiles then pops her bubble gum.
She clears the pink remnants around her red lips with her fire engine red nails then repeats the disgusting procedure as Tina paces around Dallas on the opposite side of the square table between the males, parking her bee_hind in the empty chair, laying her hands on top of her notebook and readies for information exchange of the new school assignment.
Morgan smiles with an evil smirk then pops her gum and announces in alto clarinet. “I’ll order drinks.”
Dallas chuckles and gleams his baby blues on Morgan, equipping stupidly. “Alcohol’s served here.”
“No, bozo! Lattes or frappuccions…,” Morgan reprimands to Dallas as she winks her eyelash, right at Bo while ignoring Tina.
“O!” Dallas mouths with his lips then flips a blank page in his notebook, absently.
Morgan pops her gum and rudely direct points her red index fingernail, declaring. “Him?”
“Give him a caramel macchiato.” Dallas answers for Bo and scratches some major topic ideas into his notebook.
Morgan rudely points her index finger at Tina, charging boorishly. “Okay…you?”
Tina puff musically in flute soprano. “I…”
Morgan pops her bubble gum between her molars and smiles with a wicked smirk, detailing. “You look like a peppermint girl.”
Dallas winks his eyelid, left and playfully teases Morgan. “You’re a spearmint girl.”
“More like juicy fruit which is really sweet and gooey.” Morgan talks sexy, winking her eyelash, right at Dallas as he smiles then she flips the cell and waits for the connection commands. “Ralph…” She winks her eyelash, right at Bo.
Pause.
Morgan orders. “Bring me…four lattes…me, iced skinny latte, an ice peppermint white chocolate mocha, and two caramel macchiato, a tray of lemon drizzle loafs, marshmallow twizzles, chocolate cookies, red velvet whoopie pies, and granola bars….and bring over four gift cards…”
Pause.
“Fifty.”
Pause.
“Thanks, Ralphie, honey.” Morgan slaps the cell down from her eardrum, stowing it inside her purse and eye burns Dallas, smiling with a toothy smile as she winks her eyelash, right at Bo then pouts her red lips, cute-like.
Dallas sighs then breathes deeply, rumbling in his baritone trombone. “I’m leader.”
“Leader leads.” Bo bobs his skull up and down, once and smiles with approval as Tina observes.
Dallas exclaims. “We should meet…here…after school…every day.”
“Every day!?” Morgan narkly piques.
“No. Once….,” Bo interjects.
Dallas spits as leader of the team. “Yes. Twice a week, we only have three weeks.”
“Plenty of time that’s…,” Morgan screws her eyebrows, ugly and wrinkles her forehead, funny and counts by using her manicured finger pads silently and slowly.
Ralph talls with a pimpled faced, arriving in time with the rolling cart filled with four tall glasses of white thick foam over a dark rich colored liquid eating two sets of green straws as he lands the tray of goodies in the middle of square conference table along with the colorful drinks then he turns in silence and leaves the room like a wraith.
Bo offers and nods his skull at Ralph. “Thank you, sir.”
Tina meekly says as Ralph exits the door. “Thank you.”
Dallas addresses with a nice baritone. “Thanks, bro.”
Morgan still counts on her manicured fire engine red fingernails as Bo helps her with the answer. “Twenty-one days, including fifteen days of Monday through Friday and six days of Saturday and Sunday.” Dallas laughs as Morgan pouts and Tina observes.
Bo grabs two chocolate marshmallow twizzles, stuffing one the sweet desserts into his mouth and chews then swallows and grins as Dallas moves the latte to his elbow. Bo smiles between the bites of food, nodding his skull in silence delight and sucks on the sweetened caffeine beverage then wrinkles his forehead, funny and admiringly studies his beverage.
“What’s wrong?” Morgan perplexes.
Bo stutters with shock. “This…beverage…is….awesome.” He holds the beverage upright studying the colored liquid as Morgan eye burns Bo then Dallas laughs and Tina confuses while Bo announces with embarrassment. “I mean to say that I haven’t tried the caramel…”
Morgan flicks on her fingernails up and down, declaring sweetly. “Love it! I love them all…” She nosily slurps her beverage while she reaches for the granola bar while Morgan words to Tina in a single command, military-like. “Drink up, girl!”
“Not thirsty.” Tina humbly says and eye burns the blank pages of her notebook, absently.
Morgan eye burns shy Tina then spits with venom. “What, ‘not thirsty’?”
Bo inquires with a nice tone. “Aren’t you going to try the beverage, Tina?”
“No thanks.” Tina meekly talks and eye burns more of the blank pages, randomly.
Morgan bitterly bites at Tina. “Why not?”
Tina eye burns Morgan, explaining softly. “Allergies…sorry.”
Bo twists his lips, funny, asking worriedly. “You’re allergic to food, what types of food?”
Tina lists. “Peanuts, tree nuts, shellfish, fish, milk, egg, wheat, berries…,” She eye burns more blank pages inside her blank paper notebook.
Morgan insults then laughs. “You’re allergic to the whole freaking world. How below the Heavens and above Hell…do you live on this planet, not girl friend?” Then, she nosily sucks on her beverage.
Dallas breaks up the upcoming cat fight. “We…”
Morgan drops the heavy glass with a thud then dumps, peeved-like. “Now, you tell me. I go to the trouble…”
Dallas firmly reprimands. “She didn’t ask for the drink, Morgan.” Morgan eye burns shy Tina then sneers, spitting with a set of invisible rusty nails. “You could be more social and talk to people, or is it only animals you converse with?”
Dallas retorts then chuckles. “Squawk like Morgan, instead…she enjoys the attention.” Bo laughs while Morgan hisses and Tina stares then Dallas rumbles his occasional Southern charm. “For your outdated files, Morgan…Tina’s a Southern lady.”
“Me, too.” Morgan adds and informs. “I was born…here…in the South part…in Alabama. That’s a Southern state like Georgia…right?”
Dallas orders. “Back to business, we should work on Saturdays, also.”
“My appointment calendar’s full. I decline.” Morgan rejects then eats and chews then she swallows a lump of the snack.
Bo smiles at Tina while he crawls like an earthworm his warm finger pads onto her soft forearm like an ant, invading her space, asking sweetly. “Is your appointment calendar full, Angel?”
Morgan informs, snit-like. “I just explained that…”
Bo neck snaps his skull to crude Morgan, sneering madly. “Was I talking to you, Miss Mellon?”
“I thought….,” Morgan pouts her lips, sourly then smashes her eyelashes upright, talking in an elf cute-like tone.
Bo engages with in rapid firing pattern at Morgan. “Your mental processing is flawed or failed. You need a vacare.” He laughs and enjoys being Human for a short period of time and likes to exhibit those nasty Human traits for a little while to some of the more deserving Humans. That’s the point of vacare.
“Vacare? What’s vacare?” Morgan mumbles the foreign word, irked-like.
“Latin for ‘vacation’.” Bo explains.
“You probably more familiar with the word called ferias…” Dallas educates.
Bo expands. “A period of time devoted to pleasure, to rest or to relax. Days free from work.”
Morgan screws her eyebrows, ugly and wrinkles her forehead, funny then replies. “Vacation, well, why didn’t you just say that…v.a.c.a.t.i.o.n.” She giggles with a girly twang her spelling.
Dallas commands. “Look younglings…”
Morgan wrinkles her forehead, ugly then jabs her red fingernails rudely at Dallas, yelling. “Younglings…you calling me fat.”
“How did you, Miss Mellon ever pass into the 12th grade?” Bo eye burns Morgan, inquiring as Tina giggles with sweet twang.
“Shut up, boy.” Morgan spits, peeved-like.
Dallas whacks his hand up, down, left, then right in the air like chopping wood in the pretend forest, grabbing the center stage of the table, ordering. “Look younglings, I need to pass this course.”
Morgan neck snaps her skull on Dallas, smiling with a wickedly grin and speaks quickly, “...or repeat being a senior for the third time, Dallas.”
Dallas straightens his torso upright, and rumbles in baritone trombone. “That’s correct, Miss Mellon! I… will…not be a repeating senior for the third time.”
“You’re Elmo’s…,” Morgan musically snaps her manicured finger pads and doesn’t guess. “What’s the word, heiress? No. It’s he…rest...,” she sputters as Bo laughs and Tina smiles.
Dallas neck snaps his skull on Morgan, spitting venomously. “What did you call me, Morgan?”
“Ya’ll know…for a beautiful princess you have a handsome prince, a wealthy countess has her rich count, a lovely duchess with her dashing duke…and the other royal peoples.” Morgan poorly explains.
Bo provides. “The word is heir. Dallas is the heir of Fleming’s grand estate.”
Morgan nods her skull and studies the words on her latte, talking bitterly. “Right, heir.” She eye burns Dallas, then grins with a wicked smile, tattling. “So heard, you need that paper with these colorful ribbons to be the next heir of that money inheritance.”
Dallas corrects. “It’s called a high school diploma.”
“You’re a mean guy, Dallas.” Morgan stingingly bites.
“You’re a…,” Dallas swiftly halt while eye burning Morgan.
Morgan rudely direct points her fire engine red manicured fingernail at Dallas, spits, hotly. “Say it! I double dog dare ya.”
Dallas sighs then breathes deeply and brilliantly substitutes. “I’m going to say that we need to work together on the Literature project which needs to be completed and presented in three weeks before Miss R. Okay…back to the discussion, do we have any topics?” He nosily sucks down his cold latte.
“Snakes.” Bo offers and eye burns Morgan with a bright smile.
“No.” Dallas vetoes.
“Bees.” Morgan counters and eye burns Bo.
“Buzz. Buzz.” Bo hums musically then chuckles.
“No animals.” Dallas vetoes.
“Stars.” Bo titles.
“No outer space.” Dallas vetoes.
“Wizards.” Morgan talks.
“Witches.” Bo counters.
“No Goth.” Dallas vetoes.
“How about a crystal blue sea with white hot sand located in a placid village with outdoor cafes?” Morgan offers for selfish reason then giggles with a girly twang.
“No.” Dallas vetoes, shaking his blonde bangs sideways.
Morgan holds her key chain up as the heavy object swings gracefully back and forth from inertia, smiling with a wicked grin and silences as Dallas inquires. “What’s that?” He eye burns his baby blues on the swaying object.
Bo quickly observes and answers. “A very large shiny key chain…”
Morgan smiles and offers wildly. “Our project…Angels.”
“Excellent choice, Miss Mellon, I fully approve and relate.” Dallas winks his eyelid, left at Bo as Bo cuts his eyeballs back to Tina while Tina visually cringes at the delicate topic as well as eye burns Morgan’s rotating key chain.
Morgan neck snaps her skull on Dallas, asking. “This rocks! Ya religious…or something there, honey?”
“Something like that.” Bo offers for Dallas and eye burns Morgan with interest.
Dallas comments and scratches his ink pen upon the notepad, smiling with a wickedly smirk. “My own religion and it does include Angels.”
“Good pick...then.” Morgan nosily sucks her latte, places her key chain inside her purse, pulling the cell to her eardrum and smiles wickedly at Tina.
“What you about…Angel?” Bo softly addresses softly, gently touching her arm as he draws Tina’s eyes to his face.
“I...,” Tina starts.
“Ralphie, honey, could you roll that heavy cart filled with those smelly old books to my table...please.” Morgan yells into the cell.
Pause.
“You’re a sweetheart.” Morgan quips then slaps the cell shut and nosily sucks on her latte, asking. “What types of Angels do we use for the paper? Some are nice...right?”
“Nice Angels are called Benevolent.” Dallas offers directly to the teens and watches Bo’s reaction as Tina eye burns Dallas with interest.
Bo counters, eye burning Dallas. “Bad Angels are called Fallen.” Tina eye burns Bo with curiosity.
“And those really goody-goody Angels are named Faithful.” Dallas retorts into Bo’s smirk as Tina eye burns her pupils between Dallas and Bo while they eye burn each other and grin with toothy smiles.
“How about Guardian-angels?” Morgan asks, licking her finger pads with the white crème sugary filled inside the red velvet whoopie pies.
Dallas explains and eye burns Bo. “Those Angels are categorized as ‘Faithful’.”
Morgan asks, looking at the pictures in her book. “Never heard that description, Faithful? How about those...ya know...Messenger-angels?”
“They’re all Messengers of good, love, and peace.” Bo expresses as he eye burns Dallas and Tina swishes her skull to Bo then Dallas with interest.
“Aren’t Angels asexual, not male or female...?” Morgan comments as Bo and Dallas laugh while Tina giggles and Morgan screws her eyebrows, ugly and wrinkles her forehead, funny and inquires. “What’s so funny?”
Dallas neck snaps his skull at Bo, relaying. “Let’s just say that I like to think of my personal Angel as male.” Tina eye burns both males with curiosity.
“You’re gay....,” Morgan stingingly bites as Bo hoots and Tina giggles.
Dallas neck snaps his skull at Morgan, spitting with stinging retort. “No…bi…babe. I’m 100% male.”
Morgan waves her manicured hand in the air then informs. “All Angels are male. Ya know...from the Bible their names are masculine...,” she counts on her finger pads. “Michael, Gabriel, Raphael…”
Bo dumps, smiling with a wickedly smirk at Dallas. “Satan.”
“Is Satan a male, or female?” Dallas challenges back at Bo, grinning with a toothy smile.
“Some of the bitches I met could be Satanettes.” Morgan injects then nosily sucks her latte.
While Bo and Tina chuckle and Dallas neck snaps his skull at Morgan, smiling and complimenting. “I like the way you think, Morgan.”
Morgan winks her eyelash, right at Dallas and gingerly touches his bicep, purring seductively. “I like your presence stirring my air waves, Dallas.” Ralph arrives and lands the rolling cart between Morgan and Dallas then leaves, silently as Morgan calls. “Thanks, Ralphie, honey.”
Dallas tosses at Tina and Bo a set of big and small bounded and bind books around the table for their review, research, inspection, investigation, and study of data points needed to fill ten typed pages of one English Lit paper due in three weeks.
“Lots of resources, just on the first row of the cart.” Morgan waves her manicured fingernails over the books, scanning with her eyeballs, commenting based on the titles.
Bo opens the first book, scans the words then remarks. “Israel University, world famous scholars…”
“Oriental Institute…” Dallas adds the research institution from his book.
“ ‘Orient’ is from the Latin word meaning ‘east where the sun rises.’ Did you know that, Tina?” Bo invades her space and smiles sweetly, asking with a kind tone as Tina smiles at Bo.
Morgan injects. “What’s opposite of that?”
“Opposite of me...is you.” Bo winks his eyelid, right at Tina and tenderly touches her arm as he whispers secret words into her face.
“Reverse of sunrise is sunset. That word occident is from Latin definition that means ‘for west.’ Ya know…where the sun sets in the west.” Dallas studies the book, informing.
Morgan thumps the pages, yelling. “This rocks! The book came from Cambridge University from renowned PhD of…something.”
“Cambridge, Harvard, Princeton U. professors are listed inside these manuals...,” Bo lists.
Dallas annoys, “...or simply crack-pots wanting money. The world runs on money….lots of money.”
“Dallas’ favorite quote.” Bo quips then chuckles and eye burns Dallas.
“Actually, its my favorite thing.” Dallas eye burns at Bo, grinning with a toothy smile and exclaims in a proud baritone trombone as Bo frowns and Tina stares then Morgan smiles as the conversation dies for….1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds.
Bo studies the book, citing interestingly. “Hmm! Some of these older rare books have written pages recorded in the language of Hebrew or ancient Greek. That’s a very long time ago. You’re tutored in the ancient texts. What’da ya think about this, Dallas?”
Morgan cheerleads, viewing the colored pictures in her book. “This rocks! It's really cool to believe in Angels. It's definitely cooler to believe in Angels then church. They're everywhere, today. Cutesy little figurines in the churches, bookstores, TV shows, and the movies…all about Guardian-angels.”
Dallas comments. “I’m pleasantly surprised by those books, Morgan. The manuals will offer a refreshing helpful look at our English Lit topic of Angels such as who they are, what they do, and why it matters.”
“Thanks, Dallas.” Morgan eye burns on Dallas, smiling sweetly while he ignores her and reads the thick reference book and busy with his jolting notes as she questions. “So, the first subject to write about is Messenger-angels.”
Dallas elaborates without writing down any notes or reading the text inside his book while he eye burns Bo. “They’re sent to mankind to deliver messages, minister to humanity, teach doctrines of salvation, call mankind to repentance, save individuals in perilous times, and guide humankind.”
Bo expands without writing any notes and reading his book as he eye burns with Dallas. “Roles of all Angels include protecting, and guiding Human beings, and carrying out good tasks…”
Dallas eye burns at Bo, snorting then adds for fun. “Bad tasks go to bad Angels.” Bo laughs as Tina confuses with both Bo and Dallas, staring at Dallas.
Morgan reads from the book. “Angels have a greater knowledge than men, not omniscient. What’s that mean, not omniscient?”
“The capacity to know everything infinitely…including thoughts, feelings, life, and the universe.” Bo eye burns on Dallas and lectures as Tina views her pupils at Bo.
“Omniscience is to know everything.” Dallas eye burns on Bo and counters as Tina views her pupils at Dallas.
Bo tattles while he eye burns Dallas. “Dallas practices inherent omniscience which is the ability to know anything that one chooses to know.” Tina views her pupils at Bo.
Dallas finishes while he stares at Bo. “Some argue omniscience is inherent rather than total to preserve freewill, or in other words for a worthy being capable to chose freely…his own beeping life.” Bo chuckles at Dallas’ creative explanation as Dallas sneers at Bo while Tina eye burns both males.
Morgan flips the pages of her book back and forth, shouting. “Where’s that at? I’m lost.”
“Never mind.” Dallas eye burns on Bo and huffs with a steam of invisible air as Tina view her pupils at Dallas.
“O! You’re arguing.” Morgan flicks her wrist up into the air, dropping her skull and scans her book while she nosily sucks on her latte.
“Debating.” Bo corrects and chuckles as Tina eye burns Bo.
“Ho, hum! More stuff with Angels for the paper.” Morgan rudely finger points at the colorful pic and informs. “We can add Angel clothing which is their military uniforms. This rocks! I didn’t know Angels had uniforms. I’m going to get an ‘A’ on this assignment.” She giggles with a girly twang then nosily sucks on her latte.
“For battles....,” Dallas eye burns Bo, informing as Tina views her pupils at Dallas.
“The uniform is called ‘tunic’ and flows down to the kneecaps. The breastplate called pe…pe...,” Morgan reads out loud from her book.
“Peturges….,” Bo eye burns on Dallas, correcting as Tina views her eyeballs at Bo.
“….or a longer tunic to the ankles with a long gold and jeweled pall…pall...,” Morgan reads from her book.
“Pallium…,” Dallas eye burns on Bo, clarifying as Tina views her pupils at Dallas.
Morgan repeats the correct word supplied by Dallas. “Pallium…this rocks? See the pic. What is it?”
“Sword.” Bo eye burns on Dallas, defining as Tina views her eyelashes at Bo.
“Saber.” Dallas eye burns on Bo, substituting as Tina views her eyeballs at Dallas.
“This rocks! Here’s another description of Angels depicted in these long soft white robes with vestments of ‘cope’…or is that word ‘cape’.” Morgan ponders the word inside the book.
“ ‘Cope’ in Latin language means ‘cape.’ A long cloak open in the front that is fastened at the breast with a clasp.” Bo eye burns on Dallas, explaining as Tina views her pupils at Bo.
“The cape is colored and worn by the rank of the Angel with black highest colored and white as the lowest tint in certain circumstances.” Dallas eye burns on Bo, adding as Tina views her eyelashes at Dallas.
“Where are ya’ll reading that stuff? I don’t see it. Wait for me to find that page...,” Morgan flips the pages of her book back then forth searching for the information.
“What certain circumstances, Dallas?” Bo narrows his eyelids and eye burns at Dallas, puzzling as Tina views her eyeballs at Bo.
“In battle, Bo.” Dallas eye burns Bo, remarking and smiling with a wickedly set of crooked lips, as Tina views her pupils at Dallas.
Morgan reads out loud from her book. “This rocks! Here’s more stuff. Angels are described by church leaders….”
“No.” They voice in unison as both Dallas and Bo neck snap their skull upon Morgan.
“Okay...,” Morgan eye burns the text while Bo and Dallas stare fireballs at each other as Tina views Bo then Dallas when Morgan quotes more facts. “Listen to this good tidbit. Some believe Angels are former Humans. Adam is the first Angel now known as Arch-angel Michael. Gabriel is Noah from the Ark, Viva, la Flood!” She giggles with a girly twang and eye burns Dallas.
“No.” Dallas eye burns Bo, correcting as Tina views her pupils at Dallas.
“No, this rocks!” Morgan screws her eyebrows, ugly and wrinkles her forehead, disagreeing as he puffs violent forced air from her parted red lips.
Dallas eye burns Bo, expanding. “I meant Morgan that we shouldn’t write about controversial subject matters only the clearly stated common Celestial facts from the authentic published resources.”
Morgan flips the pages of her book, scanning the first sheet and announces in her alto clarinet. “This is published...by Norwood…”
Bo eye burns Dallas, injecting. “I agree with Dallas…only the clearly stated common Celestial facts, like there are different types of Angels. They fight in battles, and wear battle gear.” Tina views her pupils at Bo.
“Battle gear, where’s that at?” Morgan annoys as she present duck lips, ugly and flips the pages of her book back and forth looking for pictures of Angel battles.
Dallas eye burns Bo, commenting. “A common term among…Warriors.” Bo loudly snorts as Tina views her eyelashes at Dallas then Bo with kitty-cat curiosity.
“Not a Warrior girl. Get it! I live in Morrisville, not the Alabama city of Warrior.” Morgan exclaims in her alto clarinet, giggling with a girly twang as she continues to study the pics of Angels.
Dallas orders. “We have our topic. Let’s divot up the work load for the paper.”
Bo bobs his skull up and down, once then adds, “… and concentrate on the true characteristics of Angels...”
Dallas eye burns Bo, lecturing with a wicked grin. “Angels have been, are, and shall forever be the awesome Warriors for God, and special agents of His wrath and power.” Tina views her pupils at Dallas.
Morgan reads out loud from her book. “This rocks! Listen to this text. Angels have no free will only carry out their orders to the letter. For example, Angels have a great abundant of wealth and can cure all illnesses on Humans. I didn’t know that. I can use this. This rocks!”
Bo shakes his black skull sideways, updating. “Those are teachings of Theosophy for devas.”
Dallas vetoes. “No fake gods.”
Morgan intrigues. “What and where are the fake gods?”
“Devas are fake gods and only urban myths. The same goes for studying the little gnomes and fairies.” Bo informs with a smile at Dallas.
“No make believe.” Dallas nods his jaw side to side, confirming with Bo.
Bo asks to Dallas. “How about reincarnation and regeneration?”
“Naw. Too risk-ation.” Dallas reacts then chuckles at his silly inside Angel joke as Tina giggles and eye burns Dallas with interest.
“Stick to the most common Angel appearance, roles, and duties.” Dallas orders, flipping the pages of his book and marking with yellow sticky notes for physical references he needs to complete the finished paper for his specific topic.
Morgan asks. “How about beliefs of Angels?”
“Do you believe, Dallas?” Bo eye burns Dallas and smugly poses with a big grin.
“Naw.” Dallas huffs musically and shakes his blonde bangs side to side while he chuckles at the stupid question from Bo.
“How about Angel powers? Says here…Angels can touch, push, and lift objects including Humans. Is that true?” Morgan eye burns Dallas, inquiring honestly.
“Yeah.” Dallas answers surly as Tina eye burns Dallas.
“Yes.” Bo confirms with a curt staccato as Tina spins her skull and eye burns Bo.
“Angels convey warnings to Humans by visions or dreams. This rocks! Is that right?” Morgan eye burns Dallas, asking excitedly.
“Yeah.” Dallas answers surly while marking more pages within the new book with yellow sticky notes as Tina swings her skull and eye burns Dallas.
“Yes.” Bo agrees with a curt staccato then Tina neck snaps her skull and eye burns Bo.
Morgan reads out loud from her book in her natural alto clarinet. “Angels appear in the form of an extraordinarily beautifully radiant beings surrounded by a white bright light with a pair of big white wings.” She eye burns Dallas, questioning with curiosity. “Where’s the halo? I thought Angels had halos?”
Bo scans his book and chuckles, addressing her query. “Optional gear?” Tina swings her skull and eye burns Bo.
“Halos?” Dallas shoots the noun and inquires which one is the optional gear while he chuckles and debates. “Or wings?” Tina flips her face and pupils to Dallas.
“What’s the optional gear?” Morgan squawks like a bird, puzzling with the new as she searches the book for the answer.
Bo announces wildly, scanning the third page of the new book for more Angel references. “Halos are the optional gear. Wings are mandatory, Dallas.” Tina swings her skull and eye burns Bo.
“....and colored,” Dallas adds, smirking with a set of crooked pink lips, left as Tina snaps her skull and eye burns Dallas.
“What? Where?” Morgan flips several pages in a row of her book in a wild order, searching for that answer. “Where is that information located in this book?” She leans her face over into Dallas’ space and inquires. “Or is the information inside your book?”
“Angel wings are prettily colorful, not just pure white.” Bo includes, grinning with a toothy smile while he finger reads the heading on the Angel battle picture as Tina swings her skull and eye burns Bo.
“Okay, Bo! Well, then mark that place in your book for the footnote reference of our paper.” Morgan orders then scans her eyeballs along the line, reading out loud in her new book. “Says here...Angels put out a nice pleasant fragrance. They smell?” Morgan pops her chin upward then eye burns Dallas, questioning with curiosity.
“Very good.” Bo invades has face into Tina’s space, smiling sweetly while he talk with honest feeling as Tina neck snaps her face and smiles back at Bo. 
“Fallen-angels smell yummy good....too.” Dallas adds flamboyantly then smirks with a set of crooked soft pink lips, left while chuckling when Tina swings her skull to Dallas when he winks his eyelid, left at her then Bo growls like a wounded animal.
Morgan reads the sentence out loud. “Humans are protected by Guardian-angels. Fifty-five percent of all Americans believe in the beings called Angels.”
Dallas dictates while scanning the new page with his eyeballs. “Good reference, Morgan. Mark that page in your book.”
Morgan obeys then slaps a hot pink sticky note between the pages, pondering thoughtfully. “How many pages for a ten-page paper?”
“Ten.” Dallas puffs musically then laughs hardy at his lame joke.
Morgan curls her red lips like a fighting dog and comments nasty at Dallas. “Wow! Thanks for the update Master-Mean-Know-It-All. I mean….how many words are totaled in a ten-page research paper for our school assignment?” Morgan clarifies with a real purpose.
“With 300 words on a page…,” Dallas smart-asses with the answer for Morgan then he smirks with a crooked lips, left and chuckles wildly.
Morgan whines her voice in flute soprano like she has stepped in puppy dog shit. “I have to write 300 words on a page for my part of the Angel paper.”
“Angeldom…,” Bo corrects, smiling sweetly as he studies the new page while Tina swings her face and eye burns Bo.
“What?” Morgan mice squeaks, while looking at Bo as she crinkles her forehead, ugly.
Bo updates and smirks with a crooked lips, left while he flips to the new page searching for more Angel facts. “The study of Angel duties is called ‘Angeldom’.” Tina head spins her face and eye burns Bo.
Dallas answers Morgan’s original question with astonishing details when he previews the new page in his book. “With 300 words on two-typed 8.5 by 11-inched white paper, that’s 600 words. The entire paper will contain 2,400 words gathered by all of us.”
Bo brilliantly injects. “However, when the paper’s Introduction single page and Conclusion single page is subtracted from the 2,400 words…”
Dallas wrinkles his forehead, ugly while he face flips his chin upright and stares at Bo, questioning. “Introduction single page?”
“Ya know…the part, Dallas...where you explain to Miss R why we selected to write with great gusto and glee about Angels.” Bo clarifies, chuckling as he eye burns Tina then slides his eyeballs to Morgan and returns them back to Dallas while Dallas eye burns Morgan for causing him for work then Bo suggests very cautiously. “That is…too pass this class and to graduate high school and receive that red, white, and blue colored flat piece of pressed wood.”
Dallas whines in deep baritone like he has stepped in cow patties on the farm. “Fine. I’ll write the intro.”
“Write the conclusion…too.” Bo brilliantly adds, grinning with a toothy smile as Dallas shakes his blonde bangs sideways and returns his pupils to the new page in his book.
Morgan perplexes as she studies Bo. “How many words in an intro?”
“About 70…,” Dallas scans the new page and answers quickly.
Bo eye burn Dallas, grinning with a big smile, clarifying crystal clearly. “Dallas is smart. He can write two pages of the ten pages for both the intro and conclusion….then you can subtract those from your 600 words, Morgan.”
Morgan shoots both her hands and arms vertically up into the air then cheerleads wildly, and smiles with bright toothy grin. “I can. You can. That’s easy. This rocks!”
Dallas warns, hotly while eye burning Bo. “Wrong-o, bro. I cannot write 300 words introducing Angels.”
“Four types of Angels, Dallas. That’s 300 divided by four…” Bo numerically counters, grinning with a toothy smile as Tina giggles with a girly twang at the funny chat between the males.
Dallas precisely measures. “Is not an even number?”
“Make the intro 280 words easily divided by the number four for the even number of 70.” Bo counters mathematically, smirking with a set of crooked pink lips, left.
Morgan annoys as she swings her face to Bo then Dallas. “What are in the world are ya’ll talking about?”
Bo translates. “Ya see, Morgan…start with eight pages of 2,400 words then subtract out the 600 words…”
“Wait, Bo?” Dallas whips his open palm up to stall him, screwing his eyebrows, ugly while he eye burns Bo.
Bo continues, unperturbed-like, grinning with a toothy smile while educating Morgan with his wonderful math solution for their research paper. “2,400 words minus 600 words is…”
Morgan spits, mesmerized-like, drooling from her red lips, ugly. “Is…what?”
Bo joyfully concludes his math lesson, smirking with a crooked pair of pink lips, left as he eye burns Morgan. “1,800 words to be written by the four of us.”
Morgan screws her eyebrows, ugly then wrinkles her forehead, funning and pops the piece of bubble gum in an oval design then rudely blurts in alto clarinet. “I have to write 600 words. How did it go up?” She face flips her skull to Dallas, whining in flute soprano like a puppy dog. “I don’t understand, Dallas.”
Bo grins in a toothy smile, explain with a more simple answer. “The new total 1,800 words is divided by the number four which equals perfectly 450 words…even.”
“Even Stephan.” Dallas spits, coolly and shakes his blonde bangs sidewalks, pondering Bo’s ridicule word limiting essay, snorting loudly then nosily slurps his latte.
“This rocks! I understand that math equation since Miss R told us at first we had each write 600 words and now I only have to write 450 words then I am done with this project…forever.” Morgan glowingly brightens her white between her lipstick-painted red lips while nodding her skull up and down at Bo.
Bo bobs his skull up and down, once while grinning with a toothy smile then amusingly adds. “With whipped crème and a single red cherry along with a few brightly yellowish sparkles on the top.”
“What’s my topic for the paper? I can finish…now.” Morgan eye burns her expensive platinum watch then neck snaps her skull to Bo, talking hurriedly. “Make my 4:15 nail appointment.” She giggles with a girly twang.
The single chair nosily rattles while Dallas quickly stands and orders. “We’re discussing that very topic, later. Go back to reading the textbook for more reference materials for the eight pages of paper, Morgan. I gotta pee.”
Morgan maliciously calls, jabbing a red painted sharp index finger at him. “You’re a rude, crass, and obnoxious thing, Dallas.”
“I aim to please…doll.” Dallas eye burns his baby blues at Morgan, speaking roughly then manly struts away from the table and students as Morgan hisses like a rattlesnake for his rude non-Southern manners.
“Potty time for anyone else?” Bo politely suggests then rotates his neck muscles to Morgan.
The single chair gracefully glides sideways as Morgan slowly stands then grabs her designer purse, mumbling incoherently. “I need a cigarette.” She prisses her bee_hind away from the table towards the EXIT door in the Mellon Bookstore.
“Good, that leaves me and you, Tina.” Bo smiles sweetly at Tina then he eye burns the hallway with busy Dallas and the abused smelly bathrooms.
“Okay.” Tina puffs musically as she reads the next page of her book.
Bo neck snaps his skull to Tina, grinning with a toothy smile, and honestly talks. “I’m sorry about Dallas. He’s a real nice and pleasant guy…usually. However, this is the first time for me meeting Morgan, she’s a little…”
“Bitter…,” Tina concludes, softly.
Bo laughs with a hardy baritone and repeats the adjective. “Bitter, she is at that.” Bo wickedly smiles and guides his skull and eye burns missing Dallas, the used bathrooms, and the smoking signs then swings his skull back at Tina, smiling sweetly. “What are you…besides pretty like an Angel?” He teases with a sweet nature while he invades her space while his warm soft finger pads overlay her knuckles, gently.
“Studious.” Dallas rumbles in his baritone trombone as he sneaky peeks his face between Bo and Tina, eye burning their folded hands together then Tina unsuccessfully jerks her hand from Bo’s gripe as Bo firmly presses his warm soft ten finger pads, holding their hands and their hearts as one while Dallas continues to eye burn their stacked hands.
Bo kiddingly quips and smiles directly into Tina’s eyes. “Dallas, finished your biologically functions….so soon.”
“Not soon enough…”Dallas eye burns their stacked hands and comments nasty. “Where’s the…bi..?”
“Here” Morgan calls with a shout and prisses her body towards Dallas and the table.
Bo slowly lifts his ten warm finger pads from Tina’s soft knuckles and smiles sweetly at her, talking softly into her right eardrum. “We’ll talk, later… together.”
“Okay.” Tina says, meekly, grinning.
Dallas claps his hands together for attention and orders while he slams his hips into the padded chair. “Now, back to our English Lit project and hand-picking the sub-topics of Angels for the ten-page paper due in three weeks for a passing grade to graduate High School.”
“Stop repeating that. We know why you’re here, Dallas.” Morgan annoys then commands with a surly alto. “Let’s not tarry, I got appointments, appetizers, and A’s to finish.” She giggles with a girly twang while the teens read quietly their individual books for the sub-topic categories for…1….15…30…45….61 seconds…Morgan breaks the silence and reads in her alto clarinet. “Listen to this. Says here 80% of teens believe in Angels along with ghosts, vampires, Big Foot….”
“No occult.” Dallas decided quickly while reading the book.
“Okay.” Morgan nods her skull and puffs musically as she studiously stares her book.
“A shoulder Angel.” Bo themes with the new idea as he continues to examine the text.
“No.” Dallas vetoes while he studies the pages of his book.
“What’s that?” Morgan chin whips her face to Dallas, asking flatly.
“A shoulder Angel is a Hollywood picture showy icon that’s used to represent the Soul’s conscience….either your nice-nicey good or your very baddy bad side.” Dallas creatively illustrates to Morgan as he gleams more words in the book and sniggers at the silly Humans who live on Planet Earth.
“Dallas don’t got no conscience.” Bo viciously attacks then chuckles while he studies the text.
Dallas subtlety stabs and smiles. “Neither does Morgan, do ya honey?” He continues to preview the new page.
“Is that temptation ya stewing, darling?” Morgan venomously retorts as she scans the new page.
“Inner conflict of character.” Bo tosses as a new theme, turning the page.
“I’m not conflicted.” Dallas eye burns to Bo, reacting violently to the sensitive topic.
“Confused.” Bo brilliantly substitutes then chuckles while eye burning Dallas.
“Conned.” Dallas stingingly spits, shaking his blonde bangs side to side then returns his eyeballs to the book.
“You’re not nice, Dallas.” Morgan leans into his face and softly mews.
He eye burns his baby blues at Morgan, smirking with a set of crooked pink lips, left, calling. “Warned ya…doll!” Morgan tosses her skull backwards then returns her eyeballs to the book.
“Watcher Angels.” Morgan offers a new theme.
“No.” Dallas vetoes.
“This rocks! Says here…that Watcher Angels watch over Humans and are mentioned in the books of …,” Morgan starts.
Bo finishes. “Enoch, Book of Jubilees, old testament of Pseudepigrapha….”
“What’s an e-knock? Is that a new app for my cell?” Morgan bewilderedly inquires.
Dallas snorts with a loud sound then insults. “Forget it, Morgan.”
“Listen to this. Says here…it describes them as looking like a Human that never sleeps and remains forever silent from the daughters of man…” Morgan pauses for drama then tilts her skull at Tina, speaking insultingly. “So, are you a Watcher, Tina? You’re a very quiet…Human and you look extremely exhausted all the time with a big black…”
Dallas commands. “Shut up, Morgan.”
“You ain’t my Mama.” Morgan neck snaps her skull at Dallas and stingingly returns.
Dallas chin whips his jaw line at Morgan then viciously tosses. “You ain’t got a Mama, a Human Mama…that is.”
Morgan maliciously socks back. “You ain’t got a brain cell, ya stupid turd…”
“Enough, Angels.” Bo voluntarily referees the cat fight, smiling with a wickedly smirk then softly chuckles and reminds. “Sub-topics, remember.” Teens return their eyeballs down into the white pages studying the black words for…15…30…45…52 seconds.
“Fallen-angels!?” Morgan announces wildly for the themed paper.
Bo joyously compliments, grinning with a toothy smile directly at Dallas. “Good sub-topic, Morgan.” Dallas frowns and Morgan smiles while Tina cringes.
Dallas offers. “I volunteer to write the sub-topic….,” he sighs then breathes, deeply like he has been fatally wounded in his heart with a dagger then names softly. “Fallen-angels.”
Morgan reads in her alto clarinet. “Says here…Fallen-angels have unlimited secret magical powers. Is that right, Dallas?” Tina swings her skull and eye burns Dallas.
Bo answers for Dallas while scanning his book. “They’re called Angel powers…with unlimited, not secret but great supernatural abilities.” Tina neck snaps her skull and eye burns Bo.
Morgan narrows her eyelashes on Bo, questioning suspiciously. “Is that true, Dallas?”
Dallas eye burns his baby blues on Morgan and talks, business-like. “I’ll write the sub-topic and let you read my findings, Morgan.” Then he pauses for drama and chuckles as she hisses like a snake.
“Next sub-topic...” Bo referees as teen drop faces into more pages of Angel fact and fiction in their individual textbooks for….1…15…16 seconds.
“Angel of Death.” Morgan announces wildly for another new theme of their research paper.
Dallas gleefully pitches at Morgan. “Good one.”
“The Slaughterer.” Bo brilliantly substitutes and eye burns Dallas with big smile as Tina swings her skull and eye burns Bo.
Dallas nods his jaw, once and names approvingly. “Great Second One.” Then he chuckles along with Bo as Tina neck snaps her skull to Dallas.
Morgan reads out loud from her book. “Says here…Azrael is given all the powers of Heaven, enabling him… another guy…figures.” She giggles with a girly twang then continues. “…enabling him as Master of Death.” She neck snaps her skull to him. “Is that all true, Dallas?”
“Excellent Second One.” Bo respectively remarks and grins while looking at Dallas smiles and bobs his skull in silence agreement as Tina swings her skull and eye burns Dallas then Bo.
Morgan continues onward. “More good stuff…the Master of Death appears with 70,000 feet and 4,000 wings. His whole body is covered with red bloody eyeballs and orange fiery tongues…”
Dallas shakes his blonde bangs sideways, disagreeing loudly. “Not right, Morgan.”
“How do you know, Dallas?” Morgan chin whips her face to him, asking inquisitively.
Bo freely shares, staring at Dallas. “She has twelve wings and dresses as a beggar equipped with a hidden straight golden sword with three eyes.” Tina neck snaps her skull and eye burns Bo.
“Not right, Bo.” Dallas disagrees while he reads his book as Tina swings her skull and eye burns Dallas.
Bo lectures to studious Dallas. “Death of Souls is made known to the Angel of Death through the Roll Book in his possession highlighted with a bright white band around the name of the Soul doomed next to die.” Tina neck snaps her eyeballs at Bo as Bo chuckles then corrects. “But…then again, new technology has replaced the old stone Roll Book with theses cell telephones.” He pulls the cell phone that Dallas has assigned for his short vacare, admiring the black shiny metal finish then slips it back into his blue jeans then returns his eyeballs to his book.
“Not right, Bo.” Dallas disagrees while he studies the new page of his text book.
Morgan reads. “Listen to this…when a good person dies, the Angel of Death comes with a lot of good Angels, carrying a batch of sweet fragrances and sweeps the good Soul from Planet Earth like a morning dew droplets towards Heaven. When a baddie person dies, a company of Demons yanks the Soul out with spit irons. Wow!” She pops her jaw upright and eye burns Dallas, inquiring with intrigue. “What are spit irons, Dallas?”
“You don’t want to know, Morgan.” Bo honestly assures while reading his book as Tina swings her skull and eye burns Bo.
“Not right, Bo.” Dallas disagrees and shakes his bangs sideways, studying the new page.
“Says so…right here…in this old book.” Morgan jabs her nail at the page and argues with Dallas.
“Not right, Morgan.” Dallas repeats and shakes his bangs sideways, turning the page.
Morgan reads. “This rocks! The three methods of execution connected with the Angel of Death include burning by pouring hot lead over the head, or slaughtering by beheading, or throttling…?”
Dallas brilliantly substitutes. “Strangulation.” Tina swings her skull and eye burns Dallas.
“Never seen it.” Bo thoughtfully returns while he eye burns the book as Tina head spin her face and eye burns Bo.
Dallas accurately throws, previewing the new page. “I have. Scary stuff…that.” Tina neck snaps her skull and stares at Dallas.
“Intimidating.” Bo mercifully adds, examining the next page as Tina swings her face and views Bo.
“Over kill!” Dallas amusingly tosses when Bo laughs and Tina stares at Dallas then Bo with intrigue.
Morgan reads out loud. “There are six Angels of Death. Azrael over kings, Kapziel over youths…” She halts her update then ponders her mental thoughts and talks excitedly. “Whoa! That’s me, right? There’s a particular Death-angel over teens….exclusively for teenagers…for us…for me….”
“Yes, Morgan.” Dallas nods his skull, once in agreement while scanning the page for any Angel references.
“I have a personal Death-angel.” Morgan narrows her eyelashes and smiles with a wicked grin, verifying the new data.
“Ya…so…ya betta be good. And ya betta be nice, since, ya don’t wanna see old evil Kapziel over flight…,” Dallas sings in his deep baritone trombone as Bo laughs and Tina giggles while Morgan screws her eyebrows, ugly at him.
“Bad job of singing, man.” Bo unmercifully teases as he flips the page of his book.
“I failed Cherub music class.” Dallas justifies then snorts as Tina swings her skull and stares at Dallas.
“You were kicked out, Dallas.” Bo joshes then chuckles when Tina face flips her jaw and eye burns Bo.
“Mashbir over animals, Mashbit over children, Af and Hemah over man and beast…good stuff…here. Right here on this page…in my book.” Morgan taps her red index fingernail inside the book while she reaches for more pink sticky notes to mark the Angel reference.
“Naw…I wasn’t.” Dallas pops his jaw line upright and swiftly returns, eye burning Bo as Tina turns her skull and eye burns Dallas.
“Yeah….I was present.” Bo smiles and quickly tosses back as Dallas laughs then Tina neck snaps her skull and stares at Bo.
Morgan counts, sliding her red index finger nail over each word in her book. “One…two…ten….twenty…thirty-two…”
Dallas eye burn his baby blues at Morgan, inquiring curiously. “What’da ya doing Morgan?”
“Counting my words.” Morgan rapidly words then continues her vocal count. “Forty…fifty-three….”
“Your words?” Dallas repeats, screwing his eyebrows, ugly.
“I’m going to write my part of the paper about Dead angels. Ya people that die and go to…Hell.” She giggles with a girly twang then explains. “I’m counting out the words to see how close I’m to the number 450.” She eye burns Bo, confirming her plot. “Right, I write 450 words for my paper and Dallas does the rest.” Bo nods his skull up and down in silence agreement as Morgan giggles with a girly twang then continues. “There are tons of sentences here for 450 words. How many words are required in a sentence, Bo?” Morgan sweetly asks as Bo smiles and chuckles at silly Morgan.
Dallas firmly instructs. “Morgan, you have to write the sentences in your own words or that’s plagiarism.”
“Is that bad?” Morgan inquires innocently as she eye burns Dallas, smiling.
“F++” Dallas spits, stingingly.
Bo offers while he eye burns Dallas. “Dallas’ll proof your work, Morgan and re-write if necessary. He’s a genius.”
“O! Would you, Dallas, honey? You’re a girl’s day dream.” Morgan coos, lovingly.
“Of course...he will to get that ‘A,’ right, man?” Bo chuckles and grins with a toothy smile along with Tina’s giggles while Dallas softly curses under his tongue at both Bo and Morgan.
The single chair smoothly glides to the left while Morgan swiftly stands, announcing in her alto clarinet. “I have my sub-topic. I’m leaving.”
“No, we need four subjects for the ten-page paper.” Dallas leads as leader and eye burns her.
“Bo says only eight pages, honey.” Morgan eye burns Bo, smiling at him.
“We have three sub-topics for the ten-page paper due in three weeks. Miss R specified four sub-topics. We selected Angels. So far, we gots Fallen, me…Faithful…Bo and dead…you, Morgan.” Dallas clarifies and grits his teeth filled with food partials from the sweet breads.
“Yucko…wipe your mouth or go brush your teeth, Dallas.” Morgan orders then rudely direct points her elegant long manicured fingernail at Boys’ and Girls’ used bathrooms.
Dallas cleans his teeth with his tongue tip then re-opens his mouth for her visual inspection. “Done.” Morgan hisses as Bo snorts and Tina giggles.
Bo proposes. “I took the topic of Faithful-angel, since I’m so good.” He chuckles, invading his face into Tina’s space, talking sweetly. “Tina and I can split the writing assignment of 450 words. That’s 225 each.”
“No, Bo.” Dallas vetoes and neck snaps his skull at Bo.
Morgan whines in flute soprano like she has stepped in brown puppy poop then finger points at Tina. “Not fair, she’s only writes 225 words. I want to write 225 words, not 450.”
“No, Morgan.” Dallas vetoes and swings his skull at her.
“What do you say, Tina?” Bo asks, touching her soft knuckles with his warm soft five finger pads, smiling with a wickedly grin as Tina giggles with a girly twang.
“Four team members, four topical subjects are your ears plugged or waxed over, Bo?” Dallas annoys like a madman that missed his daily medication.
“F++.”  Morgan boldly repeats, folding her arms over her silk blouse.
Dallas the leader leads and finger points at the rolling cart of reference manuals, ordering. “Separate these books from the pile as our accurate and valid references, and pass out some more manuals for another chosen sub-topic.” Bo lifts and shifts one book at a time to Tina who shuffles it to Dallas as Morgan tosses a set of new books around her space at the table for further research. “Thanks, doll.” Dallas greets sweetly Tina and smiles then swings his skull into the pages of the new reference manual along with the other teens for…15…30…45…60…90…120…151 seconds.
Morgan nosily clears her throat, reading out loud in her alto clarinet. “Says here…there exists Tainted-angels.” Morgan pops her jaw line upright and studies Tina, smirking with a set of crooked red lips, right while she inquires softly. “Have you ever heard of that, Tina? Guess not, either. It seems to me that you didn’t seem to be contributing any useful information to our VIP project.” Morgan swings her skull and eye burns Dallas, talking crudely. “See, I told ya. She’s the solo one minority reject at Garden Prep with her illiterate skills…”
“Morgan.” Dallas names.
Morgan eye burns Bo, asking sweetly. “So, it is a fourth type of Angel for our paper, or is it not, Bo?”
“I guess.” Bo eye burns Dallas for any help with question.
Dallas rubs with his right hand at the nape of his neck muscles from the aching pain as leader and presents duck lips, ugly while he vaguely commands. “Don’t know, look for some more types…there’s plenty more book resources.”
Bo nosily clears his throat, agreeing with Morgan. “I find this type to be an excellent choice of Angel…for starters, we don’t know anything about Tainted-angels. Opportune choice to learn, Dallas.” He wickedly grins at Dallas.
“You’re full of opportunity today, ain’t ya, Bo?” Dallas spits, venomously.
“Always willing and wishing to learn different points of view, Dallas.” Bo offers with a friendly gesture while smiling like the Devil him self.
Dallas flips his eyelids at Morgan’s book, quickly scanning the data on the open pages then declares. “Not much data or reference material, here…maybe half a page of information, we should axe this one...as leader....”
“I disagree, Dallas.” Bo argumentatively debates, smirking at Dallas.
Morgan cheerleads. “This rocks! We have four subjects, Fallen, Faithful, Dead, and Tainted. I called Dead angels, remember. I almost have 450 words for completion.” She giggles with a girly twang as she slams the book shut with her data points for her paper.
“Do not?” Dallas forcefully tosses.
“Do so?” Morgan fiercely returns.
“Let’s see.” Dallas demands and tries to pull the book from her hands.
Morgan jerks her closed book back from Dallas and yells. “Noooo…I don’t have time to play with you, corndogs. I have a social schedule.” Morgan eye burns her watch, commenting. “This sucks. We’ve been trapped here for two hours. Wrap this up…now.” She slams her palm on table. Thump!
Bo peacefully offers. “Morgan makes a very good valid point. We have our four subjects. We have been here for a long time. So, we need to move to the next phrase, writing the outline.”
“Outline, why do we need an outline? I have my 450 words…of dead things.” Morgan whines in flute soprano like she has stepped in puppy poopy.
“Do not?” Dallas starts again.
“Do so?” Morgan viciously returns at Dallas.
“No copying the sentences from the reference books, Morgan.” Dallas warns.
Morgan moans like she’s been stabbed with a dagger. “Why not?”
Dallas lectures. “That’s called plagiarism.”
“O!” Morgan mouths her red lips, silently.
Dallas threats with a harsh tone. “Or making up fake…or false descriptions for the Death-angels section of our paper, Morgan.”
Morgan debates. “That’s called imagination.”
Dallas retorts. “Then image an ‘F’ as your reward, Morgan.”
“O!” Morgan mouths her red lips, silently.
Bo invades Tina’s space, smiling and asking sweetly. “What do you think of our sub-topics, Tina?”
“Don’t ask her? She’s asleep or numb or…stupid. The school reject! Bo has decided to use four excellent sub-topics of Angels since our Leader isn’t leading….anymore. We go with Tainted-angels for the fourth subject.” Morgan flips her cell and rudely orders into the tiny speaker. “Ralph…” She winks her eyelash, left at Bo. Then, Morgan hears the voice of Ralph answering the business landline inside her Father’s office as they carry on the one-sided conversation within the teens’ eardrums.
Pause.
“Dictionary.” Morgan words.
Pause.
“The big fat one.” Morgan briefly describes to Ralph.
Pause.
“Thanks, Ralphie, honey.” Morgan slaps her cell shut, laying it on table and eye burns the couple of Bo and Tina who whisper secret words into each other’s nose holes.
Dallas scans the table of contents of three books, analyzing quickly. “Tainted. We need more resources.”
“I’ll have one of the book nerds ran a search engine on the Net…we can pick up more information….” Morgan dumps when Ralph arrives to the conference table, pushing a cart with a large dog carrier-size box then he turns his body in silence and exits the door as Morgan calls into the empty hallway. “Thanks, Ralphie, honey.” She eye burns Tina, smirking with a set of crooked red lips, right and questions. “So, what’s the completed definition of Tainted-angel?”
“Dishonored being.” Tina softly whispers.
Morgan thumbs through the pages of the big fat book then inhales and exhales, nosily and reads in her alto clarinet. “Says here…tainted is a trace of something bad, offensive, harmful with infection, contamination, decay, spoil, foul, unclean….”
Dallas sneers the compliment at her. “Thanks, Morgan. You definitely know your academic way around a Dictionary.”
“Daddy’s owes it. Here’s… (points at another book)…more sucky stuff for the footnote references to your paper, Tina. Okay, we’re set for finishing our research assignment in English Lit class. I write on Dead angels. Bo calls Faithful. Dallas says Fallen-ones. That’s leaves you as the Tainted-angel, doesn’t it Tina? How apropos, don’t you think?” Morgan sneers, unladylike at Tina as Bo growls like a wounded animal and Dallas rubs the nape of his neck with his right hand.
The single nosily rattles, moving backwards as Tina swiftly stands and eye burns occupied chair of Morgan while she suggests in her flute soprano. “I’m going to ask Miss R to assign me to another team. I don’t belong here.”
“Tina, don’t do this.” Dallas drops his jaw line and neck snaps his skull at Tine, pleading softly.
“Too late for you, darling, and too late for the team…Tina the Tainted-angel. Do your part, or we all get an ‘F’?” Morgan insults then theorizes with a snarling smirk. “Or is that your original plan to reject us all from school….this year. Heard tell, you got kicked out last year and are repeating the 12th grade for the second time, Tina?”
Tina eye burns Morgan, speaking courageously. “The truth sets us all free, Morgan.”
“What does that mean, girly?” Morgan poses, stun-like with her lips parted.
“You know exactly what I’m referring too, Miss Mellon.” Tina violently returns.
“She’s crazy. She’ll fail us all. I’ll talk with the English teacher, myself. I want her off the team before I get an ‘F’.” Morgan viciously bats and slams her palm on the table surface. Thump!
“That’s not going to happen, Morgan…or Tina.” Dallas reasons and holds his hands parallel to table, shaking his blonde bangs side to side.
“Yes, it will. She’s planning…planned this. Revenge of Dallas from last year, I know what happened Tina. You cheated since you’re the school illiterate reject…” Morgan viciously stings while she eye burns Tina.
“Morgan, stop!” Dallas commands.
Morgan continues. “Dallas translation means that he’ll fail for the third time and it’ll be your fault, Tina.”
“Morgan, enough!” Dallas demands.
“I don’t mind spending next year repeating my senior year.” Tina informs as Dallas smashes his eyelids upright and screws his eyebrows, ugly while wrinkling his forehead, uglier and softly whispers. “I do mind…I mind a lot….”
“Come on, Tina. Please sit. We aren’t finished. I’ll help you with the paper.” Bo swiftly stands and pre-offers both his warm ten finger pads in peace without touching her swaying arms.
“You’re a….durf, Dallas.” Tina appropriately words as Bo laughs and Morgan giggles while Dallas frowns at the funny noun.
“Serf. She called you an ancient Greek slave, man.” Bo joshes then laughs.
“Durf head.” Tina brilliantly substitutes at Dallas.
“Did she say…nerf?” Bo adjusts then screws his eyebrows, ugly then chuckles at Dallas.
“Yes, she did.” Morgan joins the one-sided lecture.
Tina calmly voices in her flute soprano and back steps on her boot heels from the table. “I’m leaving. Thanks for the drink and food, Morgan.” She spins her body and prisses her bee_hind away from the teens and towards the glass front doors of Mellon Bookstore.
Morgan waves her single hand up then down with vigorous energy while wickedly smiling and calls out in her alto clarinet. “Bye-bye, Tina, don’t copy the words, that’s an ‘F’ but you know that, don’t ya, honey?”
“Morgan!” Dallas eye burns her, rasping her name sadly.
“I need a drag.” Morgan pulls a single cigarette from her designer purse, bouncing her high heels towards the EXIT door, and disappearing into bright sunlight.
Dallas growls like a wounded animal and hits his fist upon the flat table. “We can’t pass without her.” The table slightly rocks then rolls side to side.
“She’ll come back. Give her some time to lower her temperature.” Bo offers and smiles at Dallas.
“No, she won’t. We cannot pass. You heard Miss R one paper with four students, four topics, and four presentations. Not one, two, or three…four.” Dallas holds his four finger pads in the air, counting out the clear English Lit instructions.
“Chill out, Dallas.” Bo words and chuckles.
Dallas screws his eyebrows, ugly then inquires intellectually. “What’s a durf?”
Bo chuckles and advises. “Look it up….,” He finger points at the fat Dictionary.
Dallas flips numerous pages inside the thick Dictionary to the odd word, reading shockingly. “It is a colloquial for the physical area between the genitals and anus.” Bo laughs with a hardy tone, moving beside Dallas.
Bo stares studiously over Dallas’ right shoulder, grinning with a toothy smile then gleefully adds. “Durf …the lower area between a male’s nut sack and asshole that prevents a male from shitting on his nuts.” He laughs. Hard. Loud. Steady. Then, Bo wipes wet laughter tears from his eye sockets as he compliments Tina. “Classy! The Angel’s smart. Ya got to give her points for guts, gravel, and granite…”
“I need a smoke.” Dallas injects and softly mutters, strutting his long legs away from Bo, the table, and the fat Dictionary.
“Dallas!?” Bo names, scanning the word inside the Dictionary then laughs with a hardy tone and names, twice. “Dallas!?”
Bo struts away from the table and follows Dallas out the EXIT door as swirling stinky smoke pours from his nostrils and lips in long white lines as Dallas puffs hard and heavy on the single cigarette while Bo catches up with Dallas in the bright sunlight and shaded cool Smoking Section behind the Bookstore. Bo names, thrice. “Dallas!?”
“What, man?” Dallas smart-asses.
“It’s cool. Everything’s cool. I think…I think…she likes me.” Bo joyously talks then pinkly blushes upon his cheekbones, shy-like.
“I don’t like you. As a matter of fact, I hate your guts, Bo.” Dallas spits, rusty nails-like and complains. “My project is important.”
“Or no money, Got it. But…remember…we...me and you are working to get the Angel…both Angels…that’s you…reinstated into Heaven. So…forget the money, man.” Bo firmly reminds with the overall Celestial goal, bobbing his skull up and down several times.
“Tina’s mad.” Dallas subject changes.
“Tina seems only slightly miffed, mildly upset.” Bo leans his body against the wall, folding his naked biceps over his T-shirt, admiring the baby blue skyline and flying red birds with his eyeballs.
“Upset, she called ya a…butt hole. Well, it was worse than a butt hole.” Dallas replays then he laughs along with Bo’s deep musically baritone.
“Tina called you that creative noun, Dallas.” Bo re-adjusts and laughs for a second round.
“She meant it for both of us, Bo.” Dallas re-applies with a set of dead pan straight lips.
Bo argues. “Look Dallas, you caused all the damage…”
“Morgan.” Dallas names.
“…that I can fix....better than before.” Bo peels, slick-like, smiling friendly.
Dallas shakes his blonde bangs sideways, ordering seriously. “I’ll fix it. Go home, Bo. Where you belong?”
“No, man...vacare. I want to stay...and play.” Bo wickedly grins, slapping his fist into Dallas’ right shoulder pad.
Dallas reprimands the Faithful-angel. “Look...use American slang…you’re too formal, Yankee…too British, duckie. Too rigid...bro.”
Bo offers. “I’ll talk to her…meet her….go to her house. How’s that?”
“I don’t know where Tina lives.” Dallas confesses.
“O!” Bo mouths his pink lips, silently.
“The only reason you’re a funny loving male…today…is that you didn’t have to struggle for food and shelter like an…a wild animal, Bo.” Dallas flatly words in his deep baritone trombone recalling aspects of his previous Fallen-angel struggles.
“Neither do you…” Bo sadly talks.
“Anymore.” Dallas finishes.
“We need to get her address.” Bo subject changes.
“We need…,” Dallas starts then mashes the cigarette into pavement with cowboy boot tip.
“You need to quit that nasty habit, man. My sinuses are dizzy.” Bo encourages then violently snorts and blows a strong force of contaminated air out of his stinky nostrils from the cigarette smoke.
“Okay, you need an address...to correct this problem...bro.” Dallas accepts Bo’s help with his current problem of finishing the research paper.
“Watch me, operate! I’ll go and swoon her to come back to our next meeting. When’s the next meeting?” Bo inquires then chuckles.
“You can’t swoon a stray dog, Bo.” Dallas insults nasty.
“Strays aren’t very friendly.” Bo remarks.
“I don’t have her address but her name’s Tina Turner.” Dallas shares.
“The singer?” Bo questions, while twisting his lips, ugly.
Dallas chuckles like silly clown. “It’s a joke…on you, lighten up, Bo.”
“Her address is located in the student files at the school, right? I can….,” Bo theorizes.
“No Angel powers, Bo. You need to reserve your Survival Pack while here in Birmingham. Mine are very limited due to the fall. Call Central?” Dallas instructs.
“I can’t. I’m on vacation, not assignment.” Bo shakes his black skull side to side, pondering the solution.
“Get her as your new assignment….then…,” Dallas counters with a wise idea.
Bo shakes his skull sideways, questioning seriously that wrong advice with the High Command. “A Tainted-angel? I might get her in trouble.”
“How about you into trouble...slick?” Dallas twists the words around, eye burning Bo.
Bo shares. “They won’t touch her or come near her. The Faithful can see her aura from far, far away. She smells….good…her aura…bad…her coloring’s….pretty.”
“She’s a Human with a touch of Angel DNA.” Dallas reminds.
Bo subject changes. “The school files?”
“Called breaking and entering, bro.” Dallas words the illegal police phase.
“You want to pass this VIP class, right, man?” Bo reminds.
Dallas sighs then breathes, deeply, whispering softly. “Right…” He studies the low altitude of sun in the fading sky then orders. “After five, the school staff and teachers are gone for the day. The doors are locked for security.”
“How do we get inside, Dallas?” Bo inquires.
“We fly.” Dallas joshes then snorts with a heavy sound and adds, “….on cycles.”
“The motorcycles…the ones hidden in the dark part of the six-door garage.” Bo grins with a toothy smile, clarifying excitedly.
“The only way to fly…,” Dallas laughs with a hardy tone, slapping the right shoulder of Bo as they stroll towards Dallas’ American pick-up truck for home and their rescue mission.
Gardenville Manor. Garage. Partly cloudy skies. 59ºF. 5:21 pm. Dallas and Bo push the dead motorcycles into the private drive, gearing up their bodies and minds for the ride back to the high school property as Dallas lists and finger points at the parts of nearest cycle. “ESA II, traction control, ABS, heated grips, on-board computer and BMW Nav…cool.”
“175 horsepower rated output with 103 pounds per feet max.” Bo adds, admiring his new ride.
Dallas finger points at first one, ordering. “Me gets the magna red. You gets the sapphire blue metallic.”
“Giving me the keys to your $20,000 superman racing machine.” Bo teases then chuckles.
“Flies like an Angel above 7,000 RPM’s.” Dallas smiles and humors as Bo chuckles.
“We shall see.” Bo challenges then straddles the smooth black leather seat as Dallas hands off the matching blue helmet while Bo waves off with his hand and puffs musically. “Naw.”
“Alabama helmet law.” Dallas orders because he doesn’t need Bo in trouble with the local law enforcement officers patrolling the city streets and country roadways.
Heavenly Angels do not possess any type of physical and valid motorcycle licenses, birth certificates, or Social Security cards while temporally visiting in the country known as the USA. Bo accidentally could be marked as an illegal alien with his crazy careless and reckless limited Angel actions then swiftly prompt a single hot US Government investigation into Dallas’ normal boring Human life since he happily lives in Birmingham, Alabama without all that additional sappy Human drama.
Bo sucks the blue helmet over his black hair, flipping his dark visor down over his eyeballs for wind protection then guns the handle bar, listening to the four-cylinder engine roar like an Africa jungle lion.
Dallas leads then heavily speeds in excess of the posted 45 MPH sign down Vulcan Parkway, turning the cycle left onto 18th Street traveling for two miles. Dallas slides the bike to the right onto Highland Avenue then sharps the turn to the left at 21st Street, rounding to the left onto 11th Court then guns the flat road straight ahead with the high speed of 60 MPH until he slides the motorcycle to the right onto Ireland Way then left onto 22nd Street, and finally Dallas turns his body and cycle to the onto Magnolia Court pouring the thundering rumble of the machine into the empty High School parking lot. The boys park behind the set of green trash dumpsters.
Bo critiques. “Ya could’ve taken Highway 31 all the way...”
“Not much fun there....,” Dallas injects then smirks with a quiet gesture.
Bo compliments, wiggling his inflamed nostrils. “Elegant spot…”
“Shut up! Your fault...if ya haven’t made Tina mad....,” Dallas reprimands and reminds with a nasty baritone.
Bo remarks while securing the helmet onto the twin handlebars. “I didn’t make Tina mad. Morgan got her upset. What’s up with that girl? Do you know her?”
Dallas tattles. “She likes you.”
“Morgan?” Bo names, hostile-like.
“No…Tina.” Dallas corrects then grins while wiggling his eyebrows, funny at Bo.
“Tina...yeah, Tina. She likes me...man.” Bo fist-bumps his hand with Dallas as they chuckle then Bo slides from the smooth leather seat of the motorcycle and shifts, wraith-like to the hidden side door off the campus Lunch Room among the dark shadows, offers with a brotherly gesture. “I’ll do the honors...” He parallels his hand to the ground before attacking the locked latch.
Dallas swiftly grabs and halts Bo’s wrist in the air then commandingly orders. “Naw, save your Survival Pack, Bo. You got limited juice.” He flips his right hand in one sideway sweep like chasing away a group of gnats from the dead road kill. The metal latch clicks with a percussion cymbal ting as Dallas grins with a toothy smile.
“Smells like...” Bo dumps, holding his nose bridge with two finger pads, and snort out the foul stale air from his nostrils.
“Concur. They turn the A/C off during the evenings to save electricity...” Dallas shares as Bo visual cringes his facial muscles.
Bo vividly remembers when Dallas detailed all the various crappy and dangerous places he lived and survived as a Fallen- angel before he was adopted by Millionaire Elmo Fleming as the pretend tall mature fourteen year-old teen. Since, all Fallen-angels look like cute seventeen-year old teenage boys and girls because the Humans do not know their true originals...or true intentions.
Fallen-angels can’t materialize stuff like such as clothes, cars, or food. So, they survive like their Human counterparts and are required to hold down a job to work for money and to purchase goods or default their limited Angel talents to stealing and cheating. Actually, most Fallen-angels are either successful in something with their wealthy lives, or failures living in various homeless shelters or along street corners with no future.
Fallen-angels are different from Humans and possess limited amount of their supernatural Angel talents of healing, strength, projection, telepathy, and telekinesis with physical objects. Fallen-angel can intimidate or overwhelm any size Human but the Human is assigned a powerful Heavenly Guardian-angel like Bo so that isn’t allowed to happen. Only if Human is very, very bad, then the Guardian-Angel will not oversee their evil actions or nasty behavior which defaults to a Demon from fiery Hell.
Dallas marches his boot toes passed the bathrooms, the vending machines, the Library then suddenly stops at the square white door of the Administrator’s Office, smiling with a silly grin then waves his finger pads up and down, magically popping the metal latch. The door cracks open when Dallas kicks in with his boot toes and flips the light switch with a snap of his wrist, moving towards the useful desk computer.
“No filing cabinets...,” Bo observes, swirling his neck muscles side to side at the nicely decorated office setting and missing the items.
“Computer files, not paper. Get with the 21st century, Bo.” Dallas lectures then chuckles, waving his hand at the desktop computer which magically boots up, scrolling down a set of electronic files of the entire Student Directory while he pin points the exact name then shares. “Tina lives off….,” Dallas screws his eyebrows, ugly studying the blinking lines.
“Off what street…,” Bo scans his eyeballs over Dallas’ right shoulder.
Dallas advises. “Near the Alabama Power Headquarters Building on Seventh Avenue.”
“Can you show me the map on this thing?” Bo excites within his baritone trombone timbre.
Dallas rubs his right hand behind the nape of neck muscles with aching pain of trouble, cutting his baby blues at Bo, warningly warns. “This really ain’t a nice neighborhood for…you, Bo.”
“Nice neighbor. Tina lives there....,” Bo worries within his baritone trombone timbre.
“Eighth Avenue, North, 14th street…,” Dallas finger points at the computer screen. “Best roadway is I-65 then peel off onto Finley Street and then right onto 3rd Avenue and left onto 14th Street.” He finishes the GPS explanation then soldierly pivots to Bo and cautiously advises to his long time childhood friend. “Be very careful, bro.”
“Roger, dodger.” Bo playfully slaps Dallas’ back muscles with his right hand then sharply pivots on his left boot heel, galloping to his bike.
House. 8th Avenue. North. 14th Street. Birmingham. 4:38 pm. partly cloudy. 62ºF. 5:03pm. The city street decorates with parallel rows of two-story high vertical stacks of cemented dark brown clay bricks attached to stubby four thick columns shown only on the front porch to eyeballs. The columns holds up the A-line slick black asphalt roof tiles on each house that equally surrounds with a complete set of eight squared windows covering in a set of five ugly jailed bar-type Iron vertical steel rods on the outside of the visual window while the dull beige-colored plastic blinds lounge vertically inside the interior of the small house which shuts and chokes the alive or…maybe dead folks inside.
The physical street litters with creatively fire-burned out assorted automobiles with missing one, or two tires with numerous broken car windows, abandoned one-wheeled bicycles, wandering prettily stray dogs and cats, and one lonely vividly tattooed Ice Cream Truck blasting a happy preppy musical tone of Earthly joy.
Big and little kids circles like attacking native Indians around the Ice Cream Truck, purchasing an assortment of teeth-decaying sweets then one-at-a-time the kid runs around to the side yards, shouting and hollering their vocal Earthly joy.
Bo parks his motorcycle inside the collapsing wooden gate onto the private walkway of the old house located exactly 8th Avenue, North, 14th Street then he moseys his tallness stomping his boots on the flat slab concrete towards the single beige weather beaten front door. He hopes that Tina will greet him with a sweet surprise before he knocks on the wood as he notes the dark and quiet interior rooms and wonders quickly if she is out shopping as he halts at the obstacle and whacks his knuckles heavily between the good pieces of rotten wood panels as the noise echoes onto the empty porch and throughout the opened windows of Tina’s house.
Alabama weather is in October is pretty and pleasant with the air temperatures hovering in the high 60’s along the bright cloudless skies, while the Alabama nights lounge lazily in low 50’s.
Tina opens the front door without fanfare, staring studiously at her guest then smiles friendly as
Bo’s heart stops then re-starts.
Bo smiles, feeling the Human-like mixed emotions inside his heart, his mind, and along his spinal cord tinkling up, down, and around his biological shell as a Faithful-angel, you concentrate on your assignment, guiding the Human down the righteous path of goodness and kindness. You don’t exhibit emotions about your personal feelings regarding your own nature, only your current Heavenly assignment.
Tina wears her destroyed skinny faded jeans, tucking inside her black cherry rattlesnake cowgirl boots along with the white knit sweater that carries an prettily arrangement of pink, baby blue, and maroon multi-rose petal flower on her chest. She slims tall at six feet and one-inch compared to his six feet and six inches with her mint green crystal pupils glowing in the dull sunlight.
She is beautiful but he expects as much from an Angel which is part of their Celestial image along with their Angel traits of calmness and serenity that Tina displays….lovingly.
Bo grins with a toothy smile and directs points his index finger nail at her colorful boots. “Burning fan.”
“What?” Tina follows his index finger towards the floor.
“Burn U! Roll me! Yay!” Bo cheerleads with a silly motto, displaying a set of deep dimples in his peachy-pale complexion that compliments his million dollar smile.
“O! Color of my boots. I guess....,” Tina softly words staring at her boots.
“You guess. I thought the response was yay, man or right on….,” he laughs, “…some rather loud obnoxious reply.”
“Yay, man.” Tina repeats the words then smiles sweetly into Bo’s face.
“Hey, do you want to…,” Bo starts slower.
Tina holds both her palms into the air and finishes faster. “I know why you’re here, Bo. I’ll do my part of the project.”
“May I enter?” Bo boldly asks, eye burning the walls.
“No.” Tina puffs musically, shaking her strawberry blonde skull side to side.
“Please, Tina. It’s…cold outside.” Bo pleads then pouts his pink lips, child-like.
“Go home, Bo.” Tina orders, finger pointing into the empty street.
“Not leaving.” Bo shakes his skull sideways and grins with a toothy smile, rejecting that idea but he has another cool idea.
“I promise to finish my part of the report. Don’t worry?” Tina shakes her strawberry-blonde curls into her face, staring at Bo.
“How about a FEC?” Bo mysteriously words.
“FEC….what’s that?” Tina quizzes then screws her eyebrows, ugly.
“Family Entertainment Center.” Bo softly defines.
“I didn’t know. That’s an interesting set of words. Is there another translation, Bo?” Tina intrigues and presents duck lips, ugly.
“The Bowl and Eat Family Fun Center on Highway 31.” Bo clarifies and smiles.
“You talk funny...Bo.” Tina sharply comments, wrinkling her forehead, funny.
“Not Southern, no accent but...manners. Want to go with me?” Bo invites with a biggy smile and adds a bobbing skull for visual verification.
“No, thank you.” Tina declines.
“You’re very polite. I like tender-hearted girls.” Bo leans into her space, smiling with a bigger grin.
“No, thank you.” Tina declines, twice.
“I’m sorry if I insulted you, today at the Bookstore, Tina.” Bo offers.
“You did not.” Tina words.
“I’m sorry about Morgan.” Bo offers.
“You feel sorry for Morgan.” Tina announces wildly in her flute soprano.
Bo presents dead pan straight pin lips and corrects. “I feel nothing for Morgan. But…I do feel something for you.” He smiles at her as Tina swiftly smiles then quickly un-smiles, realizing he is the friend of Morgan and Dallas who live on the other side of town, not her neighborhoodie.
Tina eye burns her boots, softly whispers. “You shouldn’t.”
Bo gently pushes his body passing her through the doorway then eye burns the high ceiled Living Room with two opened unsealed windows and a set of thin beige ratty curtains swaying in the cool breeze from the pretty sunny day, inquiring. “This your place?” He eye burns the walls, the ceiling and the exposed archways of hallway rooms towards the kitchen.
Tina intercepts him at the kitchen doorway. “I...,” she puffs musically.
“No A/C. No lights...” Bo flicks his wrist at the light switch up and down three times for more studious observation then he realizes that Tainted-angels have the same bad situation as Fallen-angels, talking softly. “No furniture.” He sharply pivots to her pretty face, questioning seriously. “What’s up with that, Tina?”
“I’m poor. Okay. It’s not against the law to be poor....,” Tina viciously answers, posing folded fists on her hips and dismisses with a sweet flute soprano. “Thanks for coming, Bo.”
“No lights...are you a bat or something?” Bo teases with his silly humor, smiling at her.
“I’m something, okay. Good bye, Bo.” Tina ends the silly chat.
“Is there food in the fridge?” Bo inquires, moving his tallness towards the kitchen for a look-see.
“Yes.” Tina puffs musically.
“Want to share with me, I’m starving.” Bo shifts his tallness around her body and interests in her well-being and safety since Dallas’ data exchange at the school is correct about this nasty neighborhood for a single beautiful girl to live by herself without any illuminated lights and an illegal weapon for protection.
Fallen-angels survive with their limited Angel talents intact for protection, defense, and savaging but Bo doesn’t know a Tainted-angel’s array of limitations making this nasty neighborhood arrangement unacceptable to him even if Tina isn’t part of the flock, anymore.
“No.” Tina circles around Bo, stopping his tallness by pressing her hand in the middle of T-shirt against a set of taunt chest muscles then gasping hotly when she feels the strong steel, inhaling his fragrance of musk and man, delightfully.
“Fine, we can share food at the Bowling Fun Center.” Bo brilliantly concludes, smiling sweetly and feels her smooth finger pads massage his chest then chuckles with delight.
“Bowling, I don’t bowl, sir.” Tina softly objects, staring at the sexy outline of his T-shirt pressing his steel abs.
“Lady.” Bo names and chuckles.
“Man.” Tina retorts.
“Woman.”
“Boy.”
“Girl.”
“Bo.” Tina names.
Bo wraps his hands around her shoulders then triumphantly compliments, and chuckles. “You know my name. Congrats! Let’s go eat then I can teach you to bowl.”
“Aren’t you leaving?” Tina questions.
“Not without you, bowl and eat at the fun place.” Bo smiles, not moving away from her in his cowboy boots, either.
“You’re impossible.” Tina insults.
“You’re impressive.”
“Bo!” Tina removes her hand from his T-shirt and finger waves at the closed front door.
“Tina....,” Bo grabs her wavering hand, pulling her wrist to his mouth, smiling then kissing her wrist as she gasps breathlessly, smacking her eyelashes upright while her pupils enlarge wide and round quickly from the hotness of his kiss. Bo wickedly smirks then pulls back the loose bulky sleeve of the sweater from her wrist to her bicep then tenderly kisses the anterior of her forearm, moving his soft lips to the elbow then jumps, kitten-like to her swan neck and up to her right earlobe playing his tongue against her eardrum as she giggles with a girly twang.
She backpedals her boot soles against the wall as Bo wickedly smiles, holding her body between his soft hands then she opens her eyelashes and eye burns his baby blue eyes as they tenderly shift and hits the wall while she cushions inside his biceps. Bo pins her arms over her the top of her skull against wall, hugging closetly her body inside his chest and enjoys the dancing movement of her mint green eyeballs as he gently attacks her smooth jaw line, then jump, kitten-like onto her soft pink lips, kissing for…..1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds. 4 seconds. 5 seconds.
Bo quickly jerks back from her face and smiles as she mumbles softly “....leaving...”
“Yes.” Bo softly words.
“Yes.” Tina breathlessly rasps.
“Yes.” Bo puffs musically then swiftly plows his lips into her open mouth as Tina completely stills, closing her eyelashes and enjoys the gently touches of delight, joy, and warmth of his body, his hands, and his soft lips.
Bo parts their lips then slowly surfaces his skull into the air as Tina opens her eyelashes and he seductively smiles at her wickedly grin then he confirms. “That’s settled, right?”
“Right.” Tina grins with a toothy smile as Bo folds her into his chest, walking as one figure into the evening as they giggle and coo like two elementary school kids during play recess.
Tina finger points to the old Chevy four-door white rusty sedan. “We can take the car.”
“I have the bike.” Bo switches the transportation, finger pointing at his new machine.
“It’s going to be cold when we return.” Tina innocently pleads while Bo nods his skull in silence acceptance since Tina probably doesn’t possess an overcoat warm enough for his windy motorcycle. Bo doesn’t need one, using his Angel Survival Pack for both comfort and warm but he can materialize a warm furry coat for Tina. Yet, by stealing the clothing item from local department store with his Angel powers, that sinful act won’t go over well with his Heavenly brothers and sisters.
“Good thinking.” Bo wraps his long arms around thin body marching to the old car as Tina opens the driver’s side while Bo slides into the single bench seat of ancient 1970’s version automobile, inquiring. “This your car?”
“Charlie lets me drive when I fill the tank with gas.” Tina explains then smiles.
“Got it!” Bo holds the gold-plated money clip in the air filled with bunches of dollars given by Dallas for gas, shopping pleasure for clothes, and now....his first date of the evening with Angel-girl Tina as Bo chuckles like a silly teen, feeling Human is so very good.
Bowl and Eat Family Fun Center, Highway 31, North, Gardenville, 61ºF, 5:01 pm. Tina and Bo stroll arm-in-arm into the building as Bo escorts they to food counter, asking. “Your pleasure....Angel!”
“I...,” Tina puffs musically.
“Big burger with works, large order of fries, and a large vanilla milkshake.” Bo whispers into her left eardrum as Tina nods in silence then repeats the same words along with Bo’s food order, and Bo’s money payment.
Tina shifts from the ordering counter and examines the red painted Game machine designed like race car with a set of horizontal pedals for the gas, clutch, and brakes along with a floor stick for riding the gears into a manual transmission voyage. Bo shuffles money quarters into the slot and hits button as the machine’s lights, engines, and sound electronic cards activate the game as Tina giggles with a girly twang.
“Pretend you’re leading the pack, and go....,” Bo teases, slapping a sweet kiss on her smooth forehead, turning his body sideways and waiting for their food order as his eyeballs watches Tina’s sloppy maneuver with both the gas pedal and the clutch, not....all at the same time as he chuckles with delight.
Tina is very amusing to see since Bo doesn’t want to hurt her feelings as she struggles with the gear box stalling the machine, twice then Bo reaches over touching the red metal with his index finger tip using some of his Survival Pack to re-start the race engine, chuckling as Tina stalls it…thrice.
During vacare, Faithful-angels are given bits of time to rest and recovery from their previous assignment since Bo had guided, guarded, and glowered over Elmo Fleming from birth to death while Elmo’s life had lasted for 100 years and 2 days....a very long assignment in terms of Angel duty.
Usually, a Human life spans in age ranges of 70’s to 90’s and its rare for longer periods of Human time but in the case of Bo Angel assignment Elmo did and Bo is mental, physical, and spiritually wiped from long-term Angel duty. Therefore, he has been granted vacation for six days before his next Angeldom class attendance and homework.
All Faithful-angels reward and reassure their role in universe on daily basis since the purpose of Angeldom is to teach and to instruct Gracelings (baby Angels) the proper ways and methods for exhibiting nice behaviors patterns of mature and good adult-Angels.
The rewarded and planned vacation allows Bo to enjoy the benefits of Planet Earth without his Angel duty and responsible while his normal Angel powers are subdued during vacare especially visiting Earth. Since there are too many temptations for Angels living and breathing among the deceptive and dishonest Homo sapiens, so the vacationing super beings possess a supply of very limited Angel talents which are termed “Survival Pack.”
His Survival Pack does not allow the creation of any worldly material items such as clothes, or money and the vacationing Angel cannot harm any other Earth native large or small. Bo can’t project an appearance over his normal Angel face or use his telepathy or telekinesis in massive doses, either.
The Celestial guidelines allows the Faithful-angel to experience working and walking among the Humans but restricts their Angel senses to hear, see, smell, taste, and touch while at the same time as devoted Faithful-angel, Bo can’t interfere in any Human’s life span. Period.
Bo sees the homeless, abandoned, sick, weak, and downtrodden Earthlings as he walks around the city limits of Birmingham, Alabama and is absolutely forbidden to provide any Angel aid or help. That’s the purpose of being human...or humanity...to help their fellow Human beings.
Disguised in his Human being form also heightens Bo’s emotions, feelings, and sensations in the physical forms of sweating under the bright yellow sun to tasting the refreshing beverage of sweet tea of Alabama that made of pounds of sugar, three gallons of water, and lots of fresh black tea leaves.
At this moment, his nerve endings sing a delightful tune for Tina since she isn’t exactly a Human and isn’t exactly an Angel being exactly something in-between. So, Bo isn’t breaking any rules.
Speaking of rules, during vacare the Faithful-angel isn’t mentored, or watched. In essence, his essence isn’t a bleep on the Heavenly radar screen making Bo happy about that, giving him time to figure out how to help Tainted-angel Tina convert back to Faithful and bring Fallen-angel Dallas back into the fold of baby lambs and adult sheep as he sniggers with deception.
If Bo can solve the mystery of Tina’s Tainted state, then he can provide the useless knowledge to Dallas then in turn, Dallas can save Tina and save himself as Bo chuckles with delight of his new idea of his temporary un-official off-the-clock Angel duty.
The cashier calls the proper number as Bo walks to the counter, pulling the heavy tray into his chest, pivots and smiles sweetly at attentive Tina. She swiftly stands, brushing the girly sweat from her hands onto her destroyed jeans, commenting. “That...that was different.”
“Different makes us...special.” Bo smiles then winks his eyelid, right, announcing his bass drum. “Lead the way to our table, Angel.”
“That task I can complete.” Tina giggles, moving her body though the bowling alley to a private spot between the two wall intersections away from the crowds.
Bo places the tray on the table, scooting quietly into the bench seat then settling into a warm spot then quietly moves his hands into a praying triangle, closing his eyelids and wording softly. “Thank ye Almighty God, Savior Jesus Christ, and Holy Host for our fine blessings and eats, tonight. Amen.”
“Amen.” Tina softly mumbles then chin whips her face upright and dives her open mouth into the big burger, chomping and biting the messy food particles and weird ingredients that bombard her pink tongue. She eats and bobs her skull up and down while complimenting Bo’s food selection.
“I must admit I’m very fond of cow.” Bo words funny then smiles after swallows the lump of burger.
Tina giggles with a girly twang then chews her food and swallows the French fries and corrects. “Beef...the term is beef, not cow, Bo. There are many parts of the cows...not edible.”
“O! Of course, beef.”
“You talk funny, Bo.” Tina cocks her skull to the left, studying his handsome face and too proper manners for a seventeen-year old teenager.
“I could argue with ya’ll...here...that very same point.” Bo retorts then chuckles.
“Where do you come from...Bo?” Tina inquires between the bites of food and smiles.
Bo cramps a big hunk of beef into mouth, chewing twice then swallows the delicious meat, wording mysteriously. “Up there...,” he motions with his jaw upward towards the geographical direction towards the major city of Huntsville, Alabama and garbles the single word. “North.” He hopes to give the impression of some other place else than Heaven since Angels aren’t supposed to lie.
“Yankee, as we say. That would account for your lack of accent but you possess very nice manners.” Tina compliments and giggles at Bo.
“My parent...uh...Mama’s a very good prison guard.” Bo punts for fun then chuckles after chewing.
She giggles then teases. “You’re so...bad. I bet your dear Mama’s sweet, kind, and nice to her blue-eyed baby boy.”
“Sometimes…” He joshes with her then inquires. “You born here...as they say?”
Tina swipes her mouth with the paper napkin, piling the dirty paper napkin and plastic items into a medium triangle of trash, offers. “I finished my food. Thanks for the meal, Bo. It was really good.” Tina swirls her skull and eye burns the busy bowling alley near their table.
Bo smiles with a tint of happiness, realizing that Tainted-angels don’t lie unlike those Fallen-ones. Ya can count on their kind to cheat, steal, borrow, beg, and badger without end as deceptive Earth-bound beings but some Fallen-angels provide themselves an honest and modesty living someplace on Earth, not in Birmingham. Well, maybe Dallas is the exception.
Bo notes Tina didn’t directly answer his questions and didn’t directly lie about anything either since Faithful-angels can’t lie. So, maybe Tainted-angels possess some of their Heavenly goodness traits as he smiles at Tina.
“Do you want dessert? I have learned to love pe-can pie. Did I say that right, Tina?” Bo questions then chuckles while having a good date with Tina.
“Pe-can or pecan is both acceptable.” Tina neck snaps her skull to an empty bowling alley and remarks. “Maybe, later for me...,” Tina swiftly stands, asking politely. “May I start the play?”
Bo swiftly stands, clearing quickly the trash of paper plates from their table and moving it to the garage receptacle then addresses and pulls Tina from the bowling aisle. “Yeah, let’s get our shoes, first.”
“Shoes!?” Tina puzzles, looking down at her rattlesnake boots.
“Special shoes, so you don’t scruff or slid on the polished wooden floor...over here.” Bo grabs her arm, pulling Tina in the direction of shoe counter, inquiring. “What’s your shoe size?”
“Eight.”
“Eight for my Angel.” Bo neck snaps his skull to the shoe attendant and order while smiling friendly then requests. “Eleven and half for me.” Bo exchanges his footwear for the bowling shoes, motioning Tina back to their assigned bowl aisle, slipping on the special shoes.
Bo swiftly stands, wording. “Now for our balls....,” he shuffles to the nearest round stand and finger points at the three layers of polished fiberglass balls in varied colors, instructing. “See, each ball has a number etched on the outside. Pick up the ball, hold it with your three fingers next to your knees and measure the lightness or heaviness of the weight then pick the ball that comfortable in your hands.” Bo exhibits with his instructions by standing soldierly and dropping the green ball to his kneecaps then sways it front to back and smiles at Tina. “I like using number 20 which is 20 pounds of weight.”
Tina measures three different weighted balls, selecting the lightest one which doesn’t cut into skin cuticles then nods her skull at Bo as they walk back to their assigned bowling alley, commenting. “Twenty pounds of moving glass. You’re going to bust the wall with your toss.”
Bo teaches. “Roll, not toss. Don’t toss the ball in the air or they’ll toss us out on our a…,” he doesn’t finish his sentence but playfully winks his eyelid, right then chuckles as Tina giggles.
“Okay. I’ll roll the ball but I don’t think it will make it to the little bottles....,” Tina concerns as she lays the yellow ball into their side bend.
“Pins.” Bo corrects then chuckles.
“Yeah, pens or pencils, I’m not very good at this game.” Tina words funny and laughs.
“Ya played before...,” Bo dumps.
“No, that’s why I’m not very good at this game.” Tina giggles with a girly sound that’s so perfect, elegant, and feminine like an elegant white graceful dove.
Bo smiles, while pulling her into chest and whispering softly. “No defeatism. This is for fun and giggles, remember.”
“Okay, fun and giggles.” She giggles for fun and winks her eyelash, right at Bo.
Bo places his ball in the bowling bend, asking lovingly. “Would you like instructions...personal instructions before our cut-throat match?”
“Cut-throat match?” Tina repeats with worry as Bo hugs closetly her body into his chest then peaks a wet kiss upon her smooth forehead.
“Joshing...fun and giggles....remember.” Bo teases then chuckles.
“...but the cut-throat comment...,” Tina repeats with worry.
Bo hugs her for a second time and peaks her cheekbone with a quick kiss and explains. “Funny...it was a rotten joke, okay?” Tina bobs her skull up and down, once in silence, smiling sweetly at Bo as he releases her warm and moves to the mounted score board.
Bo sits in the chair and pre-sets score board, typing the nouns ‘Angel’ and ‘Demon’ nicknamed for bowler’s pen names, chuckling as Tina inquires. “Which one are you?”
“Demon, ‘cause I’m a very, very bad boy...tonight.” Bo chuckles, wrapping Tina in a Teddy bear hug then steals another kiss on her cheekbone then releases her body and walks to the bowling bend as he grabs his twenty pound weapon. He moves into the center of the driving lane, standing soldierly then advances his shoes four steps from the land towards the edge of alley which is represented by a yellow line for tossing the bowling ball.
Bo neck snaps his skull to Tina, instructing. “Watch me, first. My feet. My hands. My pose. Okay?” Tina bobs her skull up and down, once in silence as Bo marches like a solider in three long strides, swinging the his bowling arm backwards with the heavy ball then gracefully leans his torso forward with a twisted curtsey. He releases the ball, whamming the fiberglass into all ten pins as each curved-shaped bottle drops like a dead fly from an air spray Raid attack.
Tina bounces up and down on her shoe toes and claps her hands wildly, calling. “Very good, Bo.”
Honestly, this is the first time that Bo has bowled in the Human physical sense, watching for years Elmo and Dallas play together as father and adopted son since Bo was Elmo’s invisible and protective Guardian-angel. Par for all Guardian-angels, follow your assignments 24/7/365 at all times...at home, at work, at play, at school, at the grocery store, and in the bathroom as Bo snorts with humor.
Secondly, Bo has tapped into his Angel Survival Pack for the winning strike since if he was left alone to his Human talents he couldn’t make the ball bounce into the pins, only the gutter. Bo isn’t supposed to use his Survival Pack except for an urgent emergency since the Angel power is very limited but he has never once exhausted the Angel Survival Pack.
“Thank you, kind lady.” Bo bows deeply at his waist, galloping to her face then grin with a toothy smile and offers the challenge. “Let’s set a new rule, every time there’s a strike, we kiss.” Bo doesn’t wait for her respond then plows his soft lips into her softer lips, wrapping his arms around Tina as they happily surfaces then giggles like elementary school children at play recess.
“Thank you.” Tina agrees and smiles.
“You’re so polite, Angel. Now, your turn....,” Bo encourages, gently pushing her towards the alleyway.
“Maybe, I should watch your bowling stance and swinging move for a second time since I didn’t really get all it....,” Tina proposes with twisted lips, ugly and stares at Bo.
Bo shakes his skull sideways then puffs musically. “Naw. That’s the point of fun and giggles.” He gently pushes her away from him as she glues her soles firmly to that spot.
Tina surveys the open court with gathered families and friends having a good time eating, drinking, and playing with a competitive friendly spirit then neck snaps her skull to Bo, and concerns. “Everyone’ll see my clumsy arm movements.”
“Naw. I promised a lesson.” Bo pulls with his warm ten finger pads Tina into the middle of the lane as she holds her ball with two hands and she faces the pins as Bo instructs into her left eardrum. “Now, I’ll stand behind you guiding your hand with the ball. You walk three steps and stop before the yellow line.” He finger points at the yellow line. “See the line, there.” Tina nods her skull in silence as Bo cradles her body to his chest, holding his hand over her right hand that carries the fiberglass yellow ball as he giggles like a girl feeling her soft limbs rub against his taunt muscles and softly instructs into her left eardrum. “We will walk three paces to the yellow line and then you release the ball. I promise it will soar straight into the pins....”
“How do you know that?” Tina puzzles, crinkling her forehead, funny while staring at the ten pins.
“You saw my strike, didn’t you?” Bo challenges then chuckles into her soft hair.
“Yes. But you’re talented.” Tina compliments, staring at the pins.
“I’m skilled just like you.” Bo whispers into her left eardrum, hugging tightly her body deeper into his chest while shifting his left arm around her. “Ready...set...walk...” Tina and Bo stroll in even three steps towards the yellow line as he swings their right arms holding as one fluid motion the ball behind their backs then orders. “Release it.”
Tina exhales the held air from her lungs, expelling the ball from her right finger pads as the yellow ball gently guides onto the wooden polished floor then rolls and rolls and rolls and rolls in a straight bee-line down the middle of the lane pin. It beautifully collides into the center pin of the ten-pin line-up as one by one the pins fall and roll to a dead halt like poisoned ugly rats onto the floor.
Tina holds her breathe and her fists, tightly, watching the  ball attack each pin then she bounces up and down like a rubber ball, clapping madly and sharply pivots, sharply, exhaling her breathe with a single noun. “Strike. I did it. I got a strike, right?”
“And an earned kiss...for that very strike.” Bo proudly awards, wrapping her body tightly around his arm muscles while her excited jumps then he passionately kisses her soft forehead, pulling Tina closer into his steel gripe for three long seconds for the passionate kiss upon her soft lips then they happily surface while giggling like a pair of elementary kids at play recess.
“Thank you.” Tina words and smiles.
“My pleasure...Angel...more of that to come. Watch this!” Bo winks his eyelid, right then swings his body around heading towards the bowling bend that holds his twenty pound ball. He manly struts into the middle of the land and with three long strides then whips the ball back then forth, releasing it as the thundering noise of scattering pins in and out along the alley way displays a second strike.
Tina jumps on her feet and legs up and down, clapping, smiling, and giggling rhythmically in sync because she getting another sweet kiss as Bo gallops to her for his victory kiss. They swiftly collide and gently dive into a kissing showcase then slowly emerge with happy faces as Bo calls. “Your turn, Angel. All by yourself...”
Bo smiles with a silly grin and gently shoves Tina into the center of the lane and softly instructs. “Three steps then release the ball. I promise it’ll hit the middle of the lane for a strike.”
“And another kiss...,” Tina neck snaps her skull at him, smiling with goofy grin as Bo grins with a silly smile and nods his skull, once in silence acceptance as Tina races to him for a quick good luck kiss then she body spins her feet pathing into the empty alley.
Bo places his finger pad on her pseudo-name at the score board, willing with his mental Angel-mind her ball down the lane to hit all ten pins as Tina roughly jerks the ball in a crookedly forced swing then watches it bounce four times before rolling smoothly down the side of the lane. 
Bo chuckles at her sloppy moves then taps into his Angel Survival Pack for her winning frame since he enjoys seeing her happy and content with the little Earth game because he’s building her confidence up in her social skills and trust skills within her short perception of him.
That’s the only way he can talk with Tina about the “Tainting” incident since Bo doesn’t possess the necessary Celestial knowledge to convert Tina back to her full Angel status but coupled with Dallas’ intellect they both can solve the major magic mystery.
Tina witnesses along with the other bowler’s eyeballs her amazing second strike, then leaps, kitten-like in the air from her bee_hind crouching position on the polished floor then gallops and giggles into Bo’s wide open arms for her deserved sweet kiss.
For thirty minutes, Bo and Tina battle like warriors against each other back and forth for the rest of game match until the last frame, performing a perfect score with ten executed strikes for ten games including the two bonus rounds of hundred points each for a grand total of 300 for Bo and Tina. The bowling galley claps, cheers, and applauds their perfect scores and sweet kisses as Tina smiles and laughs freely along with some cheery songs as they drive the old Chevy back home to her house in Birmingham.
House. 8th Avenue. North. 14 Street. Clear skies. 55°F. 7:02 pm. Tina shoves the gear into “P” in front of her darken residence as Bo swaddles his arm around her shoulders and softly mumbles secret words into her right eardrum.
“Something’s wrong.” Tina eye gleams out the right car side window, jerking the handle of her car door and exits first, facing her yard and views with her narrow eyelashes the lineup of people from her neighborhood overflowing from the edge of her broken gate into the next door neighbor’s yard and a little beyond under the blaring city street overhead lights.
Bo blinks his eyelids once, twice then thrice, staring studiously at the nice cultural blend of African-American, Mexican, Caribbean, and Anglo faces while noting the tall woman who wears a sparkling orange flowing ankle-length wool dress and direct points her Westchester shotgun at both Bo and Tina.
“Who are these people?” Bo stands beside Tina’s collar bone and whispers into her left eardrum with worry.
“Miss Bertha...,” Tina names while she stares at the different sizes and heights of flaming lighted wax candles in their hands creating a ghostly effect on the fading sunset in the west which casts dark shadows onto the trunks of the tall Maple and Oak trees. Tina asks in fear and fright. “What’s wrong…Miss Bertha?”
“Nothing, child.” Miss Bertha voices in her alto saxophone and direct points the shotgun at Tina’s chest.
Bo wraps his hands around Tina’s waist for protection, thinking that he doesn’t like the mojo of the crowd and isn’t leaving Tina here in this neighborhood for any reason with this type of deadly killing social behavior from Miss Bertha and Miss Bertha’s kin.
Tina shakes her arms up and down with nervous energy as her vocals crack loudly. “I… borrowed the car…for a few hours...Miss Bertha....”
“Time to move along child. Your dues are paid.” Miss Bertha rumbles in her alto saxophone as she shifts her eyeballs to Bo.
“My dues...Miss Bertha?” Tina confuses as Bo tightens his arms around her waist.
“See it…how he shines...” Arthur shifts his cane and big shoes off the front porch, shuffling his body towards the city street and direct points his dirty index finger nail directly at Bo then wickedly smiles with weird white eyeballs.
“I placed gas in the car for my dues.” Tina explains, holding her palms in the air, not understanding their rude comments, or weird behavior.
Miss Bertha allows Tina the usage of the old vehicle to drive back and forth to school since Tina doesn’t possess her Angel powers for easy teleportation around the city because Morgan has stolen her Angel wings. Now, Morgan and Tina are in the same place at the same time for the same special something to happen. However, something stranger is happening now…at this time.
Tina has drowned in fun tonight for the first time in many, many moons since day after day Tina arrives from her boring school to her lonely house for many, many suns after Miss Bertha had found Tina stealing bits of used food from the set of garbage cans behind Miss Bertha’s flower garden.
Eleven months ago. Miss Bertha has arranged for Tina to live in the old dark house for Tina’s protection and Miss Bertha’s security since some of the younger adults and little kids thinks that the old run-down brick one-story house with missing both glass windows and proper door locks is haunted by a ghost...her.
Miss Bertha in her so-called kindness has provided a simply shelter for Tina from the harsh elements of nature, not an air conditioning or heating unit during the seasonal changing weather patterns but Tina has lots of wool blankets, boxes of white candles and working flashlights that she stole from other living spots as she slept sometimes in sheds, or woodlands during her first year of surviving as a Human on Planet Earth.
Present. This welcoming committee isn’t friendly but scary as Tina’s neighbors react to Bo’s first visit in a very odd and threatening matter as Bo whispers into her left eardrum. “Let’s move, Tina. You’re not welcome here, anymore.” He two-steps to the right towards his motorcycle.
“No, this is my home. I have lived here…,” Tina adamantly refuses to leave by force, shaking her strawberry-blonde curls side to side while eye burning Miss Bertha.
“Leave, Tina. Your dues are paid.” Miss Bertha threats in her alto saxophone while she direct points her shotgun at Tina’s throat.
Arthur moves his skinny body closer to the city street, announcing wildly. “He’s strong…look at his aura. It reaches up to the heavens.” He finger points at Bo, circling his dirty finger nail while it outlines the different shades of pretty colors that he sees without his natural eyeballs.
Auras are easy to see on Humans and non-humans which include Angels who do possess colored auras along with Tina who maintains one…totally different. Arthur can see Tina’s aura even being eyeball blind and a special needs kid along with his Sickle Cell disease that attacks his regular Human senses which makes him rely upon his paranormal senses for sight, smell, and touch.
Bo has an aura that is trimmed in many circular bands of gleaming green for health, pink for love, and a yellow tone that represents friendliness which is all surrounded by a thick ring of silver as Tina shifts her eyeballs slightly to the left catching the shimmery outer bound of Bo’s aura within her peripheral Angel-vision then twists her lips, funny. But…silver is represented only by Heavenly Angels.
“Tina, I don’t like this.” Bo softly whispers into her right eardrum, watching carefully Miss Bertha, Miss Bertha’s gun, and Arthur and finally realizes without tapping into his Angel Survival Pack that they are targeting him. By some unidentified miracle on Earth, these strange Humans have figured out Bo is an actual Heavenly Angel visiting Earth incognito.
“Leave Tina, your friend kindly be taking your place.” Miss Bertha orders in her alto saxophone while she direct points her shotgun at Tina’s skull.
“What? No!” Tina defiantly shouts since this is her home, the only place she can stay until other swift arrangements can be made. Tina wants to help Miss Bertha and calm her nervous energy.
Miss Bertha leaps, frog-like off the first step into the dried dead weeds and partial yellow grass from the warm November weather and holsters the Westchester panel deeply into her armpit like she has actually used the weapon before tonight, commanding. “Get girl. You…boy…stay put, Angel.”
“No.” Tina puffs musically, standing her ground for both the verbal and physical fight.
“Angel, tell her…get out…or I shoot.” Miss Bertha warns to Bo and direct points the barrel at Tina’s eyeballs.
“Get on the bike, Tina.” Bo protectively orders.
“They…you…they might harm you, Bo.” Tina stutters with her English words since without her Angel powers she isn’t sure what and why they want to do with Bo.
The crazy people think that Bo is an Angel but Tina is the Angel, maybe a little tainted. Miss Bertha can see that Tina’s aura, once bright and silver long time ago and then after losing her Angel wings, has changed into a sick green moldy and yucky brownish something weird color.
“Ya bag on the bike, Tina. Now, get.” Miss Bertha rumbles in her alto saxophone and direct points the shotgun at Bo instead of Tina.
“Please, Tina, leave here, use my bike.” Bo shoves her to the concrete sidewalk, motioning with his hand at the bike then nods his skull, once for her to leave. Bo has a plan and his Angel Survival Pack, figuring out that this isn’t going to be easy for him to execute but Tina has to leave so she won’t get harmed, or killed.
The crazy lady believes that Bo’s Angel powers will protect the neighbor like Tina’s presence did. In reality, Tina has used the power of prayer to God Almighty, holding the Human and Human’s neighborhood together because it wasn’t her presence, but her…present.
Bo snorts with amusement that these weak-minded Humans will never learn as he shakes his skull side to side at the danger then neck snap his skull to Tina’s sad face, watching carefully Tina and Tina’s wet shiny tears flow down her cute apple cheekbones, and seeing her move closer to the motorcycle.
“Ya sick, now…Tina. Don’t need ya around the good Angel. Ya get!” Miss Bertha shouts and follows Tina’s path to the bike with the barrel tip of the deadly shotgun.
Tina sees her single ratty pink cloth bag strapped to the rear leather seat of Bo’s nice motorcycle with no other executive choice since Miss Bertha aims her gun directly at Tina’s rear skull as Bo faithfully obeys Miss Bertha’s new rule to stay in the city then occupy Tina’s role as the protector of the neighborhood. Tina decides to go and get help from Dallas since Dallas lives some where on the other side of the mountain and he can call the local city police and rescue Bo.
Tina straddles her right leg over the wide motorcycle seat then eye gleams at Bo as he forms the silent word between his pink lips: leave.
Tina presses the single black button with her index finger pad, hearing the engines ignite but she doesn’t know how to drive a motorcycle as Bo shouts at Miss Bertha. “Let her leave in peace, I’ll stay.” Then, he neck snaps his skull and watches Tina struggle with the bike’s oversized hand controls.
“After she go, ya get in house, Angel where ya stay…long time…,” Miss Bertha order then grins with her missing top and bottom teeth.
Tina guns the engine using the left handle, getting the feel of the awesome power of the man-made machine as the noise roars like an Africa jungle lion while the crowd of eyeballs watches her permanent exodus out of their neighborhood.
The red missile silently soars fifteen feet into the dull skies as the sun slowly sinks into the Birmingham brown mountain tops while the mysterious rider releases an array of loud whomping spray of bullets from his rifle, spraying the heated metal at the three porch lights, two bird houses, and a swinging flowered potted plant under Miss Bertha’s veranda.
The frightened neighbors violently hit the concrete, the grass, and red dirt, breaking their nose bridges, bruising their cheekbones, and cracking their arm and leg limbs while they viciously settle their bodies upon the hard cold gray asphalt.
Dallas snorts with amusement, landing deftly his $20,000 BMW motor racing bike on its single rear tire then leans his torso swiftly forward while he magnificently balances the monster machine parallel upon 14th Street. He quickly slams the ABS brakes, sliding the bike sideways low into gray pavement in a semi-circle for a second round of his high flying ammunition target practice. Dallas accurately pinpoints a row of TV satellite dishes, blowing the pieces into fine white tiny specks of metal then peppering the heavy pieces of hard chimney bricks with bullet holes for fun and giggles.
Bo Angel-flashes his body from the car onto the bike, hugging closetly Tina into his chest as she guns the engine with the right bike handle to no where then Bo Angle-flashes him and his bike into a small grass city park at the intersection of 16th Street and 6th Avenue.
The bike circles round and round, sliding in the dry grass until Bo switches off the driving gear then uprights the bike with one hand, holding Tina with the other against his chest. She cries wet tears then pants quick oxygen breathes with excitement, terror, relieve and worry as Bo whispers into her right eardrum. “See, you’re okay, Angel.” He cradles Tina with both his hands and arms as she heavily leans into his chest for comfort and safety then she covers her crying face with her open palms as Bo assures, grinning with a toothy smile. “We’re fine, angel. See, no damage.”
Dallas Angel-flashes his motorcycle beside Bo in the grassy park then grins with a goofy smile and spits, self-confident-like. “Wha’da ya think, bro?”
Bo smirks with a set of crooked lips, left then smart-asses. “About time?”
Dallas spits his mouth salvia onto the grass, yelling. “About time…,” he direct points a dirty index finger nail into Bo’s face, talking. “You’re lucky, bro that I like to spy on you, keeping tabs on your bee_hindie since I’m responsible for your person during your vacare.”
“I can take care of myself, snot-hole.” Bo remarks while he worries over Tina.
“Yeah, as long as big bro is watching your…a…,” Dallas nags.
“Dallas!” Bo neck snaps his skull to him then names.
“Your pitiful people skills…,” Dallas rolls his bike in the geographical direction south, announcing in his baritone trombone. “I lead.”
“I follow.”
“Tina?” Dallas eye burn her and rumbles in his deep baritone trombone.
“You gots a new baby sister, man.” Bo laughs with a hardy tone then starts the cold engine, cradling Tina with his one arm as Dallas shakes his blonde bangs sideways in silence leading them home.
Gardenville manor. Living room. Partly cloudy skies. 53ºF. 8:03 pm. Bo and Dallas park inside the lighted six-door garage as Bo gently lifts Tina from the leather seat and carries her like a newborn baby into Dallas’ house, parking her inside the plush cherry leather sofa then gentlemanly kneels, asking politely. “Are you alright, Tina?” Tina nods her skull, once in silence as she curls her exhausted body into a tight ball like a sleeping kitten onto the leather arm rest.
Dallas quietly sits on the edge of the wooden coffee table and hands off the beverage to Bo. “Beer? Do you want one, Tina?” Tina shakes her skull sideways in silence as Dallas figures she is a sweet tea drinker then pre-offers the cold bottle of soda. Tina accepts the glass in silence with her right hand.
“You didn’t bring me a soda.” Bo remarks and pretends hurt feelings then chuckles.
“After our encounter with the ‘Psychic Network Neighborhood’ thought you should calm your intense Human nerve endings. One slip, all it takes…man.” Dallas downs half his beer in three gulps. Burps. Smiles. Bo laughs as Tina giggles and Dallas grins and comments. “See, I’m entertaining. Tina’s back with the living.”
“What happened back there?” Bo eye burns Dallas for an explanation.
Dallas presents duck lips, ugly then he subject changes. “Forget it! What’s going to happen…now…tomorrow… the day after tomorrow…the tomorrows…?”
“What do you mean, Dallas?” Bo screws his eyebrows, ugly, eye burning and questioning Dallas.
Dallas eye burns Bo then cuts his eyeballs at Tina and claps both his hands for attention, talking truthfully. “Okay! Time for truth or dare…just kidding? There’s no dare, only truth.” Bo intrigues with his visual observance and mental IQ that Dallas can be so informative, secretive, and cautious….all at the same time.
“What truth or dare?” Bo defensively attacks as Tina eye burns her cold bottle of soda.
“It’s a child’s game even a Graceling in Heaven knows the simple game, Bo.” Dallas retorts as Tina chin whips her face and eye burns Dallas.
“Truth, then. I’m a Fallen-angel. Bo’s a Faithful-angel.” Dallas direct points his dirty index fingernail at her. “You’re a Tainted-angel, Tina.” She smacks her eyelashes upright as Dallas nods his skull up and down, once and confirms. “Yes, we all know what you are. Your aura gives it away…sickly brown tint with green moldy dots…ugh!”
“Stow it, Dallas.” Bo shouts.
“I only call what icky green and brown gooey…things I see.” Dallas insults then nosily slurps his beer bottle.
“You telling me and her….Dallas, this is all….some how a related at the metaphysical level.” Bo perplexes while wrinkling his forehead, ugly then looks at Tina.
“Isolated incident...only….,” Tina remarks.
“No, I don’t think so. I happen to find it intriguing that we are all…together in my home on my sofa drinking my beer like old war buddies.” Dallas joshes with a serious note swinging his skull at Bo then neck snaps his skull at Tina while nosily slipping on his beer.
Bo openly confesses, staring at Tina. “Truth, then? I want to help you, Tina. Help you get your wings back and then you can be…”
Tina sadly dejects. “Impossible.” She sighs then breathes, deeply. “I have…tried to find the solution. There doesn’t seem to be a clear one.”
“I don’t believe that. There’s a purposeful reason and a root cause for every single thing in the universe.” Bo cheerleads then quickly grins at her.
“Mr. Positive.” Dallas re-names, smirking with a set of crooked lips, right then nosily slurps his beer.
Bo neck snaps his skull Dallas, reprimands, hotly. “Stow it, Dallas.” Bo cuts his eyeballs at Tina, confessing. “We know your secret so share your knowledge with us. We…all three can help each other and find the one clear solution….(pats her hand)…then we…three can be happy…forever.” He grins with a toothy smile as Dallas snorts like a wild boar.
Tina shakes her skull side to side, detailing from her studies and memories. “Not much there to share…I was coaxed into the darkness. The incantation removed my wings to…someone.” She quietly slips her beverage, eye burning the floor.
“Do you know the incantation?” Dallas inquires.
Tina finger points at her temple and offers. “Burned into my brain cells…”
“You need the reverse spell, not that one. I stronger suggest purging that spell from your mind.” Dallas orders then swiftly stands and fetches another bottle of beer from the Bar Station located in the Den from the hidden small refrigerator.
“Do you know the reverse spell, Dallas?” Bo eye burns Dallas while crossing his invisible toe bones for any good luck, asking hopefully.
“Naw. I only remember studying the “Tainting” outcome. I actually didn’t know that it could be accomplished. I read that the process is so complete that you don’t…,” Dallas screws his eyebrows, ugly then comments with a medical touch, “…possess any scars on your back.”
“That’s right. My body’s pure like a Human’s.” Tina sadly confirms.
“You don’t seem to tan? Is this your nature coloring?” Dallas questions while eye burns her pinky pale forearm.
“From being an Angel, yes…I look the same except for my missing wings.” Tina sadly informs.
“Do you heal?” Dallas asks.
“Very slowly.” Tina answers.
“So, you can bleed?” Dallas collects data.
“Very quickly.” Tina answers.
“Can you use telepathy or telekinesis?” Dallas collects more data.
“No.” Tina answers.
“Can you project a fake image of some person or animal?” Dallas asks.
“No.” Tina answers.
“Do you possess any of your Angel powers?” Dallas inquires.
“Not really, I can tell if a Human has evil or good intentions towards me.” Tina concludes then twists her lips, funny.
“Wow! You got a bum deal.” Dallas comments then slurps on his new beer.
“Mega bum deal.” Tina sadly adds then eye burns Bo.
Bo covers both her hands with his warm ten finger pads then tenderly offers with an assured tone. “We…you, me and him are going to change all that…Tina. I promise.”
“Bo!?” Dallas exclaims, hotly while eye burning Bo then cuts his eyeballs at Tina.
“I heard tell you’re on vacare.” Tina drills.
“You remember your Angeldom.” Dallas informs.
“I didn’t get to take vacare. I remember all my Angeldom teachings.” Tina expresses.
“Bo returns in three days.” Dallas clears.
“O!” Tina mouths her pink lips in silence then eye burns the floor for a second time.
“Three long days with 24 hours per day is a long, long time from now…” Bo smiles then requests with a nice tone. “Can you show me your research so far? I want to compare to my work.”
Dallas upsets and yells at Bo. “What work? You’re supposed to be working on my English Lit project, Bo.”
“I will.” Bo words then smiles and tenderly pats on Tina’s hand giving his 100% undivided attention to her pretty face.
“My notes are in my bag. I left it on the bike.” Tina swiftly stands as Bo gently pulls her hands forcing her body back down to the sofa.
“Never mind, got it.” Bo words then magically Angel-flashes her bag to her feet, waving his dirty fingernails horizontally for his brilliant performance then chuckles.
“Ya just didn’t…,” Dallas incompletes then finger points at her bag, shaking his blonde bangs sideways with a warning. “Bo, I told you…”
“Told me…what, Dallas?” Bo questions but interests more in Tina by winking his eyelid, right and patting her hands as she giggles at him.
“Your Survival Pack….save your powers, Bo.” Dallas warmingly warns with a sobering slur in baritone.
“Intact, working, and none of your bees wax...man.” Bo commands with humor as Tina giggles at his banter while he winks his eyelid, left at her, smiling wickedly.
“Okay…then when, Bo?” Dallas annoys Bo.
“Then when, what, Dallas?” Bo questions while he flirts with Tina.
“When are you working on my work?” Dallas whines like he stepped in cow patties in the rear of his farm ranch.
“When its due…hang tight, man.” Bo words as he stands and sits with Tina on the sofa, studying her hand-written notes while he smiles and flirts with her finger pads.
“Its due in three weeks but you’re leaving in three days.” Dallas annoys.
“You only need to pass, right?” Bo questions then curls his arm around Tina’s shoulder, moving closer to her warm body while reading her material as they whisper secret words then giggle like a pair of elementary kids at play recess.
“Yeah, pass.” Dallas bobs his skull up and down several times, watching the fooling around love birds instead of Bo finishing the VIP school paper.
“So, the letter ‘D’ is still passing, right?” Bo chuckles while he questions as he tickles Tina’s rib cage then she gently slaps his hand from her body while he sweet breathes with more secret words into her face.
“Yeah, passing…,” Dallas bobs his skull up and down several times, watching the love birds then nosily slurps on his beer.
“Excellent, I promise you’ll make a ‘D’ on your project so…you can pass and graduate….” Bo injects as Dallas snorts in fury.
“ ‘D’. “ Dallas huffs musically then yells. “Bo…ya promised to write the entire thing with Faithful, Fallen….”
“…and Tainted…,” Bo fills.
“Yeah, Bo!” Dallas bobs his skull up and down, once with the confirmation then reminds. “Morgan has Dead angels.”
Bo adjusts with the proper Celestial term. “Death-angels, I recall. And I keep my promises…all of them.” He arches his neck and kisses her left cheekbone as Tina giggles and finger points at her Angel homework.
“Good enough for me.” Dallas bobs his skull up and down, once with their understanding then nosily sips the rest of beer bottle until empty.
Bo neck snaps his skull at Dallas, smiling wickedly then commands. “Now, I need a favor from you.”
“Another favor, I’ve reached my limit…for…you…for the rest of eternity, bro.” Dallas stands and twists his body to the right away from Bo and Tina love birding pic, dumping the glass bottle into the re-cycle bend to protect the Earth’s natural resources.
Bo yells at Dallas’ back muscles. “Stow it, Dallas. Go and find some of your fellow Fallen and ask about the Tainting ritual. I bet a few have researched that concept more than once but don’t have the guts or gravel to do it.”
Dallas scratches his whiskers on his face with dirty fingernails. “That’s a good idea.” He direct points his index finger at Bo, reminding. “But….you owe me big time, bro.”
“Yadda. Yadda. I like your whining on Mondays, only, at 6:00 pm after supper…Dallas.” Bo retorts as he grins and winks his eyelid, left at Tina while Tina laughs.
Dallas roller balls his pupil deep into his skull then twists his body towards the kitchen as you hear the garage door slamming with a bang for his exit out the house.
Gardenville. Carson Road. Five bedroom and four bath house. Clear skies. 52ºF. 8:35 pm. Dallas slams the ABS brakes of his sports car in front of the three-door garage then Angle-flashes his tallness inside the lavender frosted girly bedroom as Morgan shifts her skull from the rear porcelain tiles of the Jacuzzi hot tub outside off her private bedroom patio while she smiles and eye burns Dallas. “Where ya been, baby?”
“Working on Angels…Fallen-ones.” Dallas laughs at his mentally lame joke on Bo.
Morgan seductively grins then holds her redden colored arm into the air, detailing. “I’m all prunie.”
“I can see that.” Dallas smiles, marching to the edge of the Jacuzzi tub and experiences the hot sweaty water attacking his cheekbones.
“You really are working on your English Lit paper?” Morgan honestly inquires then winks her eyelash, right at him.
“Yeah. I’m really working on my English Lit paper so I can pass this class and get a high school diploma. Did you finish your section for the Death-angels, Morgan?” Dallas questions, staring at her while leaning his body against the table of towels and folds his naked biceps over his T-shirt.
“I thought that turd…what’s his name is going to finish it for me.” Morgan softly mews, gliding her wet body from the opposite side of the Jacuzzi tub towards smiling Dallas.
Dallas squats on his cowboy boots in his dry clothes onto the wet tiles, sighs then breathes deeply as he corrects. “Bo…his name is Bo, Morgan.”
“Whatever, did you convince him to do our Heavenly bidding, baby?” Morgan softly mews, folding her naked arms on the wet porcelain tiles inside the Jacuzzi.
“I believe it’s more our Hellish bashing.” Dallas chuckles, while pondering another mentally lame joke at Bo.
Morgan squawks with an ear piercing sound at Dallas’ wording then compliments. “Good boy. You’re the best…baby.”
“I bring news…” Dallas dumps.
“Well, tell what news?” Morgan excitedly greets.
“Tina lives with me…at the manor.” Dallas boasts then smiles.
Morgan swiftly stands from the hot water in her bikini and yells. “What!? She’s not in the house on 14th Street.”
Dallas stands upright and moves from the wet flinging droplets and he adds. “Strange occurrence! Miss Bertha tried to kill her.”
“Kill her, for what purpose?” Morgan eye burns the water then returns her eyeballs to Dallas, inquiring with a wickedly grin as she wraps a large towel around her cooling body.
“Money, maybe? I thought you paid that witch….very well.” Dallas theorizes.
“I do. Or rather…now, I did. What in the Sam Hill got into that woman’s head of all things? Is Tina un-harmed?” Morgan greedy inquires and smiles.
“Thanks to fast acting ‘wonder boy’…me.” Dallas finger points at his T-shirt, grinning mischievously at Morgan.
“Well, then…I’ll reward ‘wonder boy’…later for his heroic deeds.” She presents dead pan straight lips at Dallas, demanding. “But…why were you the hero for poor Tina?”
“Doing my casual spying on her safety, when I noticed the unholy disturbance?” Dallas honestly truths, while chuckling about another joke on Bo.
“Does Tina suspect where you were hiding out, spying on her?” Morgan greedy inquires.
“Ya mean…. where is my loyalty hidden to her…or you?” Dallas twists her words, and twists his lips, ugly while eye burning Morgan.
“Hiding, spying, suspicious of you, a Fallen-angel. Can she see that?” Morgan asks.
“Doubt it. She was very shaken, scared, and crying especially with a gun pointed at her face.” Dallas narrates.
“She likes you.” Morgan jealousies.
“She’s a nice girl, Morgan.” Dallas truths.
“That sucks, baby. I’m your girl…remember. I don’t like you speaking nicey-nice of other girls.” Morgan greedy demands things her way.
“Did I mention the gun pointed in Tina’s face?” Dallas replays.
“Tina can’t be killed.” Morgan insists.
“She can be wounded, hurt, damaged,,,.” Dallas truths.
“So?” Morgan down plays.
“So, that fatal act might foil our eternity paradise plans.” Dallas reminds, folding his biceps across his T-shirt and leans against the table for a second time.
“O! I still…don’t want you speaking, looking, talking, walking…or stalking her.” Morgan orders.
“Ya know, what I mean, Morgan. She’s a lonely girl with no friends. She can’t trust anyone.” Dallas replays.
“I wouldn’t know how that feels.” Morgan confesses as Dallas presents duck lips, ugly as she selfishly inquires. “Have you found the source of that ancient method to collect the rest of her Angel powers?”
“Tina doesn’t have her Angel powers.” Dallas shares.
“She….lies.” Morgan growls like a wounded animal.
“Actually, I believe Tina.” Dallas crinkles his forehead, ugly while he eye burns Morgan. “But someone’s lying.”
Morgan seductively smiles. “I trust ya, baby to uncover the complete truth, darling. Did ya ask your…un-natural friends?”
Dallas details. “Other Fallen, yes…I’ve inquired and gathered bits and bites of celestial Heavenly data, here and there. Tina mentioned that she has a notebook of Angel information from her extension research….”
“Exactly, steal it.” Morgan orders.
Dallas instructs. “I’d rather her volunteer the information so she can…trust me. Then, I can use the data to steal her wings.”
Morgan demands while she jumps, kitten-like out the tub. “Then volunteer…look, we don’t have time. This mission has a time limit. I want Tina’s Angel wings…now, Dallas.” Morgan waddles her sexy bee_hind towards him, allowing the large towel to slip a few inches down her throat, exposing more of her tanned skin than normal, smiling wickedly.
“Of course, we have time…lots of time…forever time…eternity.” Dallas reminds.
“I don’t want to wait an eternity. I have waited two long dull borrr-ing years. I don’t want to wait another hour. I…Want…Her…Powers.” Morgan princessly demands.
“You must be patience, doll.” Dallas devilishly smirks, watching her dance sexy towards him.
Morgan suddenly stops and sweetly twangs. “Get the info for me, please.”
“Morgan, why did you enroll at Gardenville Prep?” Dallas demands.
“To keep an eye on my investment and my prize…,” Morgan dumps then smiles.
Dallas raises an eyebrow, left, questioning firmly. “Which am I?”
“You…you’re my baby.” Morgan pouts her red lips, cute-like and happily pet names.
Dallas puffs a single breathe of forced air, tattling. “Your trophy baby….”
“You’re more then that, babe…,” She closetly tugs him closer to her wet body by draping her long arms over his shoulders then pulls Dallas directly into her breasts as the towel drops, revealing more then just the tiny bikini.
“Ya got my shirt wet.” Dallas softly proclaims, feeling her naked skin against his T-shirt.
“Let it dry out, while we workout.” Morgan wickedly smiles, kissing his face.
Gardenville manor. Dining room. Clear skies. 49ºF. 11:26 pm. Tina reaches for the yellow highlighter without looking up from reading the old ancient book found in Elmo’s vast personal Library inside the farm house as Bo reaches for the same object then their finger pads touch, sending electricity sparks through their individual spinal cords as their eyeballs jump, kitten-like into each other’s face then they grin with a pair of goofy smiles.
He smiles, not the “Hi there, honey” smirk, or the “Let’s take a break, dear” grin but the one that silently speaks…..“Hey, hot babe” smile as Tina hotly gasps then slowly inhales breathlessly, staring at Bo.
Bo slowly stands, tenderly pressing her knuckles with his left hand and skates the edge of the rounded table while he seductively stalks, appeals, and admires her sweet smile and pretty face as Tina tilts her chin to the left, cocking her skull sideways and giggles with a girly twang. Bo orders. “Time for a break…”
Bo gentlemanly scoots her body from her chair at the table as Tina soldierly stands on his command, facing him as Bo passionately kisses her soft pink lips then closetly hugs her body tight into his steel muscles as he continues to deeply and passionately kiss her lips then he swiftly pulls back his face and wipes the mouth spittle from his lips with the back of his right hand then orders. “Back to work….”
“Awe…so soon.” Tina mews like a kitten for more warm milk as Bo back pedals and skates around the other side of the table completing the circle then sits and crams his face into the old book.
“Afraid so…,” Bo pours his perfect vision over the boring contents, looking for any hint to the noun, Taint or the verb, Tainted.
“I found a little more of something…,” Tina finger points at her book then eye burn Bo, smiling sweetly.
“Good girl, you deserve another reward.” Bo swiftly stands along with Tina, shifting his tallness around the table and into her wide open arms for a big Teddy bear hug, wrapping his steel biceps around her slender shoulders while they swiftly dive and passionately kiss lips.
Dallas slams the garage door, strutting swiftly into the Living Room upon seeing the sweet embrace of the couple then mouth spits salvia in the air as he growls like a wounded animal then vocal nasty. “Hey…what’s this?”
“Hey, man.” Bo swiftly greets then quickly meets her lips for round two.
Dallas orders and eye burns the Tainted-one. “Tina, take a spare bedroom…,” he direct points his clean right index fingernail to the right side of the Living room out into the empty hallway. “…on east side, down the hallway.” Dallas direct points his clean left index fingernail to the left side of Living Room out into the empty hallway and orders to the Faithful-one. “Bo, ya gots the west wing on the third floor…”
“The old master suite…,” Bo substitutes while he eye burns, cuddling Tina into his chest.
“Ya remember…good, then I don’t have to draw a pic with crayons.” Dallas angrily fumes then huffs and puffs blowing a string of invisible steam from his inflamed nostrils.
“Dallas!?” Bo names while eye burning him and holding Tina between his biceps.
“I’m sleeping in the bedroom on the second floor…in the middle of stairs.” Dallas explains, waving his finger pad in the air like a pointing Golden Retriever.
“That’s the play room…,” Bo recalls then chuckles as he eye burns Dallas, holding his hand tightly around Tina’s waist.
“How apropos?” Dallas teases then sneers like a cornered alley cat.
“It’s a game room for St. Peter’s sake…,” Bo wrinkles his forehead, ugly and re-names while he eye burns mad Dallas and holds Tina closer to his chest.
Dallas commands with a surly slur. “Enough, Angels. I’m boss. You ain’t. Time for bed for everyone. Chop! Chop!” He claps his hands together like a teacher then reminds. “School tomorrow, if I remember correctly.”
Tina pulls from the warm Teddy bear hug then twists her body towards the right side of the Living Room, padding her naked toe bones to her new assigned sleeping chamber as she glances back behind her left shoulder for a final look-see at sweet and happy Bo. Bo winks his eyelid, right at her then grins with a bright smile as she disappears from his eyeballs down the dark hallway.
Bo swings his skull at Dallas, correcting Dallas and Dallas’ damage. “Innocent, man.”
“One….didn’t look innocent.” Dallas eye burns the dark hallway for Tina then neck snaps his skull to Bo, reminding. “Two…not a man.”
“Ya look like a man.” Bo joshes then chuckles.
“Irreverent, Bo.” Dallas angrily reprimands.
“She’s over eighteen.” Bo softly words, smiling with a big grin.
“She’s a baby, Bo…barely over 100 years in our time span. A Graceling…,” Dallas spits, hotly.
“How do you know that info about Tina?” Bo tests then crinkles his forehead, ugly.
“I know…lots of stuff, Bo. I live on the planet, not in outer space.” Dallas violently lashes back in baritone trombone.
Bo twists his lips, ugly and softly reminds. “I live here also…”
“Three days and counting backwards…now…from midnight…go to bed, Bo.” Dallas orders as Bo advances into Dallas’ face.
“You’re wet.” Bo punches the dark spot on Dallas’ T-shirt and shares, smirking with a set of crooked pink lips, left.
“Called puddles formed by potholes on pavement while driving motorcycles...,” Dallas dumps.
“Nighty-nite, Dallas.” Bo body spins his tallness towards his new bedroom, grinning with a toothy smile.
Wednesday. Gardenville Manor. Dining Room. sunny skies. 65ºF. 2:01 pm. Tina laughs with a hardy tone as she enters the kitchen space from the side garage door and follows by Bo. Bo grins with a toothy smile as they purposefully skip their last class of Study Hall while Tina teases. “You’re such a show-off, Bo. Dallas has warned you. You have to save some of your Survival Pack for an emergency.”
Then, Tina sharply pivots, burying her body into his hard muscles and his soft hands, smiling seductively along with her flicking Mint green eyeballs as Bo dips down his jaw then tenderly kisses her soft pink lips for a few seconds then they breathlessly emerge and smile at each other.
Bo closetly hugs Tina, smelling her sweet lavender hair and gently strokes with his tender ten finger pads her back muscles then talks. “This is an emergency situation, finding your wings….before…” Tina chin whips her face towards his chin as Bo pulls back from her body, examining her sad frown then quickly wipes her un-happy tears with his thumb pad, talking softly. “We are very, very close, Tina.”
She bobs her skull up and down, once in silence then Bo encourages with a sweet grin. “I feel it. We have exhausted all the manuals at the Mellon Bookstore and the other ones here in Fleming’s personal Library. His Library still contains more than a dozen Rare Collector Books for us to search and explore. I’m not giving up, and neither are you?” He studies her beautiful mint green pupils as she nods her skull, once in silence then Bo offers. “I’ll fix snacks. You tackle the reminding books we selected last night before bedtime.”
“Okay.” Tina softly rasps and separates her body from his hot steel biceps then coldly walks to the wooden table and opens the book she had marked with the pink sticky last night, researching more terms and words that relate to: Tainted. She sighs then breathes, deeply.
Bo quickly returns, placing the square tray of goodies and drinks in the middle of the table and inquires tentatively curious of her latest findings. “Wha’da ya find…so far?”
“Book of Enoch teaches Humans about Angels, Watchers, and Nephilim.” Tina lectures.
Bo shakes his skull sideways and quickly vetoes. “Useless for our purposes.”
“Book of Jubilees with texts told from an Angel’s Heavenly POV about the Creation of man to fall of Adam and that other stuff.” Tina lectures.
“Nothing there.” Bo blows that data also. “Next?”
“I browsed the Lost Scriptures of the Old Testament from the First Book of Adam and Eve, Second Book of Adam and Eve, the First Book of Enoch, the Second Book of Enoch Jubilees, Jasher and, the Story of Ahikar...” Tina lists as Bo shakes his skull side to side for the useless information then Tina continues. “I re-read the Apocalyptic Writings and the End of Days of Apocalypse of Abraham, the Apocalypse of Thomas, Fourth Ezra and Second Baruch.”
Bo shakes his skull sideways indicating visual the useless data as Tina finales. “…and…finally…the Gospel of Philip, the Gospel of Mary Magdalene, the Apocryphon of John, the Gospel of Thomas, and the Gospel of Judas.”
“We have to keep looking, Tina.” Bo encourages then grabs his book, flipping to the Table of Contents, and silently scans with his eyeballs and thinks with his brain cells.
“Well, there is…,” Tina screws her eyebrows, ugly then wrinkles her forehead, funny and direct points her trim and clean index fingernail at the sentence she has read about fifteen times, talking mysteriously.
Bo invades his body into her space, scanning the selected text then twists his lips, funny. “What’d ya find, Angel?”
“Some earlier Semitic-language material...,” Tina shakes her strawberry-blonde curls sideways, commenting with uncertainty.
“Ya mean Greek.” Bo brilliantly substitutes.
“No. I think the passage was written in any earlier time frame than Ancient Greek. I have seem a little of Ancient Greek but this is really different and strange to my eyeballs.” Tina illuminates with the pink highlighter and twists her lips, funny.
“Hmm! You’re right.” Bo sings then grabs the book from her finger pads and holds it center stage into his face then flips the book sideways, up, down then upside down, again and keenly interest with the very old but ancient weird words. “Very strange writings...indeed.”
“Can you read it, Bo?” Tina swiftly stands, moving beside him, and staring at the upside words in the upside book.
Bo drops the upside book even with his knees then swings his skull and smiles at her while tattling honestly. “No. I can’t but Dallas can. He wasn’t lying about being a genius. He was…is the smartest Angel I know, Tina.”
Tina intrigues while she stares into his eyeballs. “What happened to Dallas? How did he become…” She suddenly halts then swings her skull and eye burns the smooth table and drops her bee_hind into empty chair then nosily scoots the chair into the table while she apologizes softly. “I’m sorry. I should be more sensitive about delicate subject matters. I didn’t enjoy talking about my…condition. I should respect Dallas’ privacy. Don’t tell him. Okay?” She flips her face and eye burns Bo with a set of dead pan straight pin lips.
Bo pulls a chair next to her chair then encircles his bicep around her shoulders while he huffs then puffs with a string of invisible air then smiles wickedly at her, talking slowly. “Dallas and I go way back…long time. He’s smart. He’s helped me numerous times during Angeldom and out of Angeldom.” He chuckles then pauses for drama, gathering his mental thoughts, narrating cautiously. “It was 50 years ago take a few days here and there when Dallas fell because of a new assignment. I was guarding Fleming. So, I couldn’t kick his bee_hind back into Heaven keeping that boy in line. He was guarding a female…”
“Female…that’s highly…oddly…usual…isn’t it? I’ve never heard of such a thing.” Tina comments and wrinkles her forehead, ugly while she absorbs the story from Bo.
“Well, it was a new experimentally tryout as….they say. Dallas volunteered being excited about the prospects of female Souls for guarding instead of male.” Bo narrates.
“The ladies man….,” Tina replaces then giggles.
“He failed.” Bo swiftly blurts.
“Did others fail as well?” Tina inquires.
“Ironically, yes. The experiment proved a very bad idea issued by Central. It was repealed but not the associated Fallen-angels.” Bo replays.
“That doesn’t seem fair to Dallas, or the others for a stupid tryout.” Tina complains.
“Life’s a test, whether Angel, Human, or Animal.” Bo gently reminds as Tina nods her skull up and down, once.
“I failed my test, also.” Tina sadly tells.
“No, Tina. You were clearly ambushed based on your data and your condition. And you were… are young.” Bo wickedly smiles as Tina blushes a cute pink tine on both her pale cheekbones then Bo lectures. “Gracelings don’t make mistakes, mentors do. And when I find out your attacker….,” he laughs with an evil tone and promises. “Well, that’s a different fairy tale.”
“You sound revengeful, Bo.” Tina boasts.
“I’m a Guardian with lots of rules, regulations, and benefits surround that title, Angel.” Bo lists and grunts like a wounded animal then tenderly kisses her lips. They surface and smile at each other.
“We were discussing Dallas.” Tina recalls for wandering one-minded Bo.
“So, he succumbed to the greedy world of Earthly treasures…,” Bo tattles.
“Money.” Tina brilliantly substitutes.
“You definitely don’t miss his proclamation of it. And Earthly pleasures…,” Bo doesn’t like to see Dallas indulge so deeply in Human sins.
“Women.” Tina intellectually adds.
“His charge was rich, loaded….as they say along with the Human traits of beautiful and lonely. Dallas soared in flight above her head every morning, noon and night as she places a good prayer for a nice husband, desperately.” Bo narrates.
“Dallas wanted to answer her prays, desperately.” Tina replaces.
“Dallas wanted her, her money, her lifestyle, her greed….a.s.a.p. He knew as an Angel exactly how to attain all the above nouns.” Bo shares the other personality of Dallas.
“Okay. He’s smart and he failed by doing what. What do you do when you fall?” Tina inquires, not knowing.
“You remember your Angeldom. There are numerous methods executed to fall.” Bo lectures.
“He committed murder.” Tina toots in her soprano piccolo.
“No. Dallas isn’t a Demon. He simply stole.” Bo remembers hearing the gossip of his brotherly friend.
Tina bobs her skull up and down several times, wording thoughtfully. “Stealing is up there with lying, cheating…”
“Yeah, all them other nasty ones. He stole. He was tossed out on his asset, surviving on his liabilities which didn’t amount to two cents…as measured by Humans.” Bo sadly narrates.
“His charge was both beautiful and rich.” Tina preps the storyline.
“…and died two days later.” Bo punts, shaking his skull sideways.
“Oh, no.” Tina toots in her soprano piccolo.
“Dallas was infatuated, lustful. He didn’t…he couldn’t see all the Angel facts. He couldn’t accept her Heavenly faith. He thought he could change it…for her and him.” Bo narrates.
“O! Poor Dallas!” Tina sadly sings in bass flute.
“He struggled for years, decades….as a Fallen.” Bo replays.
“You couldn’t help him?” Tina quickly inquires.
Bo sighs then breathes, deeply, explaining. “One, I was on the job. Two, no one aids Fallen-angels. Ya know…”
Tina bobs her skull up and down several times, wording softly. “Yes, I recall. I wonder how everyone will react to…”
“Tina, you’re not Fallen, your Tainted. There are numerous big and little letters between ‘F’ and ‘T’ that makes up your totally different one-time circumstance.” Bo lectures, cuddling her body closer into his chest.
“Enough about me….,” Tina nags.
“I’d like to do more than talk about you, Angel. However, we’re pressed for time.” Bo wisely cautions, flipping the book upright and to the previous page, scanning the words.
“Time, tick-tocks away…how many days until the end of your vacare?” Tina sadly inquires, feeling the nervous flutter of pretend butterflies inside her stomach.
“Three.” Bo numbers.
“Three more days and nights, then you’re gone…forever.” Tina counts.
“Naw. I’m back in Heaven on another job.” Bo updates.
“….while…I’m struck here…on Earth.” Tina softly finishes then sighs and breathes, deeply.
“Naw, you’re coming with me. I promise that we will find your wings.” Bo challenges.
“I have hope.” Tina sadly discourages.
“Hope, faith and…,” he kisses her cheekbone and finishes. “Love.” He smiles and grunts like a wounded animal in her left eardrum.
Tina pulls her body and face away from his silly grunting noises then flips her face towards his toothy grin, inquiring honestly. “Do you really love me, Bo?”
“Yes, ma’am, lady Angel…absolutely.” Bo grins, nods his skull up and down, once in confirmation then answers.
“Bo….we’ve known each other….,” Tina nags.
“A few days…yes…but…we’ll get to know each other, very well over the next thousand centuries…” Bo promises and smiles.
Tina giggles and smiles with faith. “I have hope.”
“I have big faith…in you, me, and Dallas.” Bo encourages.
“I don’t know. Dallas doesn’t like me, much.” Tina shakes her strawberry blonde curls sideways, observing studiously.
“What? He likes you, Angel. But…not like, I like you…doll.” Bo rubs his nose into her button nose, flirting, cute-like.
“Dallas hasn’t blinked, burped, or barfed my way.” Tina lists then concerns with her deep emotional doubts about Dallas and her relationship.
“Honestly, I’m not interested in seeing Dallas’ puke green vomit cover his ugly face. Secondly, he’s working behind the scenes for your cause. I promise.” Bo updates and smiles.
“Really?” Tina puzzles.
Bo bobs his skull up and down, once then happily updates and grins with a toothy smile. “Really? He’s been reading those boring textbooks inside his bedroom…double checking our work.”
“The modified play room, ya mean.” Tina brilliantly substitutes and giggles. “Since, we took over the manor….”
“This house is big enough for all three of us.” Bo boasts and advices. “Ignore Dallas since, he’s got his own way of doing stuff.  He’s quite gun-ho about solving your…condition.”
“Really? He’s not nice to my face nor does he talk to me about my condition…since last night after my rescue from Miss Bertha.” Tina observes, parting her lips, widely.
“It’s not you, it’s that Morgan person. Man, she’s a real bi…bitter female.” Bo re-names with a nasty timbre then chuckles with a nastier tone.
“They think alike.” Tina brilliantly notes.
“What’da’ya mean, Tina?” Bo winkles his forehead, ugly, commenting mysteriously.
“Money. They have that hobby in common.” Tina bobs her skull up and down, once and tattles.
“Yes, you’re very observant, Tina. They do at that.” Bo agrees.
“What’da’ya thinking about, Bo?” Tina puzzles.
“Pondering, everything.” Bo remarks.
Tina huffs then puffs a short spray of invisible air then concludes with defeat. “I’ve pondered so much data. I’ll think my gray matter has turned bright orange from overexposure.” Bo chuckles at her cute joke as she enlightens. “But…I seem to remember…remember something…in the Book of Jubilees where I found that weird writing…”
“This…,” Bo holds the book center stage of his face in the upside position as she studies the upside down words.
“The word I recognize is ‘Athos’.” Tina details, finger pointing at the selected upside down page inside the upside book since Bo refuses to upright the manual to the proper position for review.
Bo eye burns the ceiling, accessing his IQ then substitutes. “Ya mean…Mount Athos.”
Tina bobs her skull up and down, once then explains. “Yes, the book spells it as A.T.H.O.Z. I originally thought maybe it was Ancient Greek but the ‘Z’ is really the ‘S’ right, Bo?”
“If you were to substitute ‘S’ in the word, your reference would be translated into Mount Athos. That word translates into the ‘holy mountain’.” Bo educates.
Tina flips more pages inside a second book near her right hand, scanning the words, and reading the paragraph of completed sentences out loud to Bo. “The geographical range for Mountain Athos locates on the peninsula of Greece requiring a government special entrance permit which is only valid for males over the age of eighteen….” Bo chuckles as Tina chin whips her face at him then brutally reprimands. “It’s not funny, Bo.”
“Very funny.” Bo grins with a goofy smile then comments silly.
“How’s this very funny, Bo?” Tina inquires.
Bo shoots his arms into the air vertically then expands his arms in an arch, talking brilliantly. “I’m…way over eighteen.”
Tina grunts with a small sound like a baby pig then flips her face to her book, reading out loud. “This funny writing…here that is not Ancient Greek. I believe it to be one of the Lost Books of the Bible specifically this might be the Aramaic document which warns of the twelve disrespectful sin commands for Humans living and working their limited time as spiritual Souls on Planet Earth. Ya know…part of the twelve commands include Envy, Greed, Lust…and this one points directly to Arrogance.”
“I gotta get this completed set of Aramaic twelve for Dallas for Christmas. He’ll appreciate the literal meaning, literally….” Bo remarks with his dry sick humor then chuckles.
Tina swiftly reprimands. “Bo, pay attention! This book and sentence text seem to reference both Mount Athos and that weird fragment found in one of the existing caves inside the interior cavern of Mouth Athos. The fragment is radiocarbon dated at 100 BC...”
“A radioactive fragment? I don’t get it, Tina.” Bo wrinkles his forehead, ugly and confuses.
“The Lost Book talks…it tells how descendants…or flesh and blood Humans in this case…by the sinful command of Arrogance can disregard all their proper heavenly procedures…becoming…” She pauses for drama then reads out loud. “Unbelievable. This small radioactive cave fragment written on a small section of the north wall at Mouth Athos spells out both the verbal and visual methods of how a Human can physically become an Angel which is etched with the small fragment by a white insignia of Angel wings….”
“Absolutely, impossible.” Bo rumbles in his bass drum, shaking his skull side to side with falsehood.
“It’s here.” Tina finger points at the rare old book between her arms which references the radioactive fragment inside Mount Athos.
“No, it’s there.” Bo direct points his index finger in the east location at Mount Athos, grinning with a toothy smile.
“Yes, it’s there inside the cave under the protection of….” Tina bobs her skull up and down several times then seriously questions with a pair of twisted lips, ugly. “Who lives in that cave…Humans?”
“Monks, bats, and more bats.” Bo answers then chuckles.
“What do we do, Bo?” Tina excites.
“Stay here. I’ll be back, Tina.” Bo swiftly stands, kicking his chair from his legs into the middle of the room then flash modes his body into Angel style white robes similar to a Monk attire living within Holy Mountains without a pair of Angel wings since he’s on vacare.
“No, take Dallas with you….for protection.” Tina worries.
“Dallas can’t jump space and time. He’s only Fallen, not Faithful. Wish me luck!” He lifts from the floor and blows a kiss as his invisible forced air touches her forehead with a silly smacking noise as Tina giggles with a girly twang.
Tina worries then extends both her arms vertical into the air, warning with deeply mixed emotions. “Bo, this is extremely dangerous.”
“For Humans, you, Dallas….not me.” Bo grins then chuckles.
“Bo, are you bringing the radiated fragment back here…to Birmingham for examination?” Tina inquires.
Bo shakes his skull sideways and holds his baby smooth chin with his left hand, pondering. “I can’t do that. I can memory it….rapido.”
“You mentioned that the writing is too odd for your brain cells.” Tina replays.
“Right!” He stills and silences while he hovers in the air as his robes swish back and forth from the slight breeze near the ceiling vents then he jerks the mobile telephone from the rear pocket of his shredded jean and playfully wiggles it near his right cheekbone and decides. “Take a pic.”
“The cell phone, brilliant.” Tina claps her hands together in happiness and grins at her Angel-guy.
“Right, Angel.” Bo rushes his tallness down to the floor and quickly peaks her soft lips then flies up towards the ceiling and calls. “Now, wish me luck, Tina.”
“You didn’t need luck, Bo. Because, you’re a genius like Dallas.” Tina compliments and smiles.
“That…is yet to come, Angel.” Bo winks his eyelid, right then Angel-flashes into nothingness.
One hour later. Bo Angel-flashes back into the Dining Room. Empty! He swiftly uses his Angel powers and physically materializes the Monk’s entire written contents from his cell phone pics into a set of wrinkled old dull yellow parches of papers laying them gently across the empty space on the Dining Room. Then, Bo uses his Angel powers, again and glues the stack of loose yellow pages into forming a small new book of new information then bounds the new book in old torn smelly worn cow leather of dank brown wrapping the leather around the yellow pages tenderly and carefully then chuckles like a silly clown.
Bo secretly positions his newly created old worn book at the edge of Dining Room table on top of Tina’s working papers that holds her scratched, scribbled, and scripted hand written notes from the various written passages of old rare Historical Books in Fleming’s Library.
Bo scans the contents occupying the round Dining Room table, seeing notepads, pens, pencils, posties, and purpose as he evilly smiles then loudly names. “Tina.”
“Bo!” Tina toots in her flute soprano, appearing like magic and pops her pretty face around the corner, smiling lovingly then gallops her body into his hot steel biceps, heated tallness, and warm soft finger pads, asking excitedly. “Where’s the book?”
“No book.” Bo softly shares.
“No book!” Tina disappointedly repeats.
“Data’s in my cell phone.” Bo informs, bobbing his skull up and down several times and cuddles Tina into his chest for protection and love.
“Let’s have a look see, Bo.” Tina gurgles her words against his T-shirt since she can’t see his face then violently jerks her body from his chest but Bo doesn’t release her and holds her body hostage in his hot biceps.
Tina stomps her right bared foot at his left cowboy boot without harm as she forcefully pulls from his body and faces his skull while flicking her eyeballs back and forth with confusion. “Bo!?”
“I can’t translate the words…Tina.” Bo reminds.
“I can.” Tina excites then swings her skull to the table, searching for his cell phone.
“You can’t either. We deserve a break.” Bo commands without an explanation, smiling with an evil smirk.
“I’ve been resting for an hour since you were gone.” Tina replays as she searches for his cell phone among the notepads, pencils, and history books.
“I’ve been working for an hour…doll.” Bo updates with an un-happily frown on his handsome face.
“Sorry, you have. You want to nap before supper, Bo.” Tina swings her skull and eye burns him, offering friendly while she smiles.
“I have a much better idea to relax and waste some time before we re-start our intense headache work, again.” Bo winks his eyelid, right then shuffles both their bodies as one from the Dining Room into the empty hallway, traveling like a speeding car into the private cozy Den.
Bo leads, first towards the sofa, holding her hand then stops before the horizontal stacks of soft pillows lying across the sofa then he sits his bee_hind in the middle of sofa and man-pulls Tina with his steel biceps into his folding lap and cuddles her like a babe. He gently kisses her knuckles, first then her right elbow, moving to the right side of her neck muscle then jumps, kitten-like to her right earlobe.
Tina giggles as Bo wraps his steel muscles around her upright lounging body cupped into his lap, arms, and chest….and soon to possess her precious Angel wings…and soon they will depart Planet Earth to Paradise Heaven as he wickedly smiles and softly names. “Tina…”
“Yes.” She breathlessly says.
“I love you, Tina.” Bo declares with his heart, his mind, and his Soul as Tina blinks her eyelashes once, twice then thrice studying his face with her pretty Mint green eyes.
Tina confesses with a sweet smile. “I love you, Bo.” They deeply and passionately kiss and they didn’t surface, willingly.
Two hours later. Knock! Knock! Tina breaks her lips from Bo and Bo’s kiss, whispering softly. “Someone’s at the door.”
Bo lightly rubs his whiskers across her smooth peachy-pale jaw, lifting his jaw to see her pretty Mint green eyes that flick back and forth absorbing his grin as she giggles then he sweet breathes into her face. “Ignore it!” He passionately kisses her soft lips, again.
Knock! Knock! Tina breaks her lips from Bo’s second kiss and Bo, stating mildly. “The door.”
Bo grunts like a wounded animal then violently inhales then viciously exhales and swings his skull and eye burns the empty hallway that leads directly to the front door of the manor where the steady loud sound is thumping against the solid cherry wood.
Tina and Bo are buried together deep and down into the long soft pillows of the red and yellow stripped sofa in the Den away from Dallas’ spying with Tina’s arms and hands wrapped around his shoulders and neck massaging all of Bo’s tired muscles, pleasurably.
Bo returns his skull and faces Tina then lightly strokes both her arms with his ten finger pads since Tina tenderly lies on top of his T-shirt and jeans while their tongues play and fight together with fun and giggles, hotly then Bo surfaces from air and questions. “Did we order pizza?”
“No.” Tina puffs musically then giggles with a girly twang.
“Ignore it!” He commands then tenderly kisses her left earlobe then jumps, kitten-like into her throat moving up to her jaw as she giggles.
Knock! Knock! Bo whips his chin his face to the ceiling and silently mouths something incoherent then neck snaps his skull to Tina and names. “Dallas.”
“Dallas!?” Tina repeats the proper name.
“He’s banging the nails off the door warning us to untangle before he eye burns our bodies…” Bo pauses for drama then grins with big smiles and finishes. “…as one...again. He’s sooo jealous.”
“Eye burns?” Tina puzzles.
“New book author, she writes about Angels.” Bo updates then grins.
“You in particular.” Tina inquires.
“All Angels…that’s includes you...sweetheart.” Bo coolly compliments then kisses her lips, hotly.
She giggles then orders. “Answer the door, Bo.”
“No.” Bo huffs musically then kisses her jaw line, tenderly.
“Yes.” Tina pulls back from his face and orders.
“Dallas has a key. It’s his house.” Bo reminds then kisses her nose, gently.
“Bo.” Tina demands.
“Ok.” Bo huffs musically then lifts her from his T-shirt as she uprights on her knees then he rolls his tallness from the warm sofa and swiftly stands. He gentlemanly assists Tina from the sofa by extending both his hands around her small waist and helping her to stand straight and tall while he admires her beautiful delicate face.
Bright orange bite marks mar her peachy-pale soft skin from her swan neck to her smooth forehead where Bo has playfully attacked with teeth and tongue and her lips are swollen pink from their rough tongue battle. Bo closetly hugs her into his chest then strokes her hair with one set of finger pads while he kisses the top of her skull with his lips.
Bo releases Tina and pulls from her face, smiling with a toothy smile then soldierly pivots in silent toward the archway of the Den, strutting in his long strides down the empty hallway as he sneers and swears at Dallas & Dallas’ rotten timing.
“I’ll get us beverages.” Tina calls from inside the Den then swings her body and happily skips towards the kitchen.
Bo quickly marches his cowboy boots along the dark hallway then at the intersection where the hallway meets the foyer then thud. He trips his left big toe boot on the wrinkled fabric hill along the purple and white wool hall runner then uncontrollably lands on his right kneecap, sliding his big bee_hind in a forward motion and painfully hits the granite foyer on fives (toe boots, elbows and nose).
He accidently busts his big nostrils with tons of bright red blood gracefully hitting the smooth foyer floor while he softly curses between his pink lips.
The front door barges unexpectedly open as un-invited and un-known guests scan, target, attack, and peel Bo’s right bicep then left bicep of Bo’s fallen body from the dirty tile as his blood elegantly dives to the granite. The guests forcefully drags semi-conscious Bo towards the open archway door since he is dizzy, disoriented, and determined to win, stupidly.
Bo weakly jerks a single flexed left bicep upward from the un-welcomed tight hand gripe for a defense maneuver when Visible Invader #3 gut punches with a folded fist into Bo’s tender stomach tissues. Bo grunts like a wounded animal and violently inhales and viciously exhales, screws his eyebrows, ugly while he wrinkles his forehead, funny and closes his eyelids then crashes both his kneecaps onto the hard floor in pain and suffering.
“Got him!” Visible Invader #1 victoriously shouts as he and Visible Invader #2 holds upright bleeding and wounded Bo by his armpits exhibiting a half-conscious state of mind.
Visible Invader Leader softly voices in her alto clarinet. “Ah! My poor baby had an accident. I’m here to care for you…now…Bo, honey.” She tenderly touches his smooth forehead then neck snaps her skull at Visible Invader #4 and commands. “Find that girl…NOW.”
Tina peeks her pretty face from around the corner wall out of the darken hallway, hearing strange voices with her eardrums then softly calls. “Bo.” She suddenly halts, scanning with her eyeballs and observes the dangerous deadly dire scene as semi-conscious Bo injures and bleeds inside two pairs of un-familiar hands.
“Grab her!” Visible Invader Leader direct points her red sharp manicured index finger nail at Tina and venomously yells.
Tina slowly back pedals in her boots from the alerted invaders and quickly tosses the two sweaty juice glasses at the two advancing strangers as Visible Invader #6 quietly attacks at her back muscles, grabbing her twin shoulders with his manly strength and holds tightly.
Tina cries out in fear. “Bo! Bo!” She shoves both her shoulders backwards deeply into Visible Invader #6 and leverages her swaying body slightly apart of his tallness then hauls her right boot backwards, kicking the snot out of his right shin.
Visible Invader #6 flies backwards through the air from her Tainted-angel power kick and deftly lands on top of Visible Invader Leader as they fall, tumble, and tie prettily like a wrapped Christmas bow onto the foyer, humorously forming a rounded lump of twisted arms, and legs.
Tina marches her right boot towards the open door, executing a fast forward escape plan, unsuccessfully as Visible Invader #4 violently punches her tender stomach with his folded fist as Tina bows to make-believe Fairy tale princess in pain when Visible Invader Leader stomps in her designer high heels then violently lifts Tina’s skull by a handful of strawberry-blonde curls. 
The folded fist stingingly plows across Tina’s cheekbone and eye socket as Tina slumps her body down towards the cool granite while Visible Invader Leader direct points her index fingernail out the door, commanding. “Move her and him into the van!”
“MORGAN!?” Dallas shockingly yells after parking his sports car on the street since the driveway is full of three unfamiliar van and sees Bo.
Five Points Station. Birmingham. Alabama. Root cellar. partly cloudy skies. evening. 55ºF. 7:32 pm. Morgan protectively cradles the black knife to her breasts like a newborn baby, slicing her eyelashes side to side for any type of surprise attack at her body with caution.
Bo firmly bounds at both his arms and ankles by two sets of steel encased ropes in the corner wall but he is a true Guardian-Angel while vacationing on the Earth plane with his limited and diminished Angel Survival Pack intact, thankfully. He can free his body anytime during this dire, dangerous, and deadly fandango, waiting patiently for the right moment to save Tina.
Tina wraps like a Christmas present, tying in three spots on her body with white bows of rope around her shoulders, wrists, and ankles while she visually injures in black and blue bruises on her peachy-pale face and along her exposed arms from her torn white sweater. Tina visually is conscious, lying sideways like a dead fish meat on the long solid black stone table.
Dallas eye burns pacing Morgan then neck snaps his skull at cornered and crouched Bo, ensuring that the Faithful-angel is safe while he holds the worn brown wrinkled cow leather book between ten finger pads, staring studiously at the yellow pages.
Morgan rambles in her alto clarinet. “Don’t you see, Dallas? You can be complete. I can be complete. We both…” She pauses for drama then laughs with an ear piercing scream then finishes. “…can be powerful Angels together...until the end of time.” She dances her body in two circles with dagger held between her breasts then suddenly stops and evilly smiles at Bo then swings her skull at Tina.
“There’s no end of time, Morgan.” Dallas educates and studies the old book that locates lonely on the raised platform much like a preacher’s church sermon lecture on Sunday morning.
“End of eternity….then.” Morgan briskly substitutes, slowly circling her body round and round in a circle then suddenly stops and eye burns Tina.
“Eternity is never ending, Morgan.” Dallas teaches and continues to study the rare book.
“Demons.” Bo spits, coolly.
“Where…where are the Demons?” Morgan neck snaps her skull at Bo, asking then wildly pants her breathe and mouth spits her salvia onto the dirt.
Bo clarifies. “Stealing Angel wings makes you a Demon then you turn blue from the lack of Heavenly oxygen.”
“Even better.” Morgan words and smiles then grunts like a wound animal.
Bo neck snaps his skull at Dallas and mentally diagnoses. “She’s crazy, Dallas.”
“Blue demons.” Morgan describes then laughs and drools, twirling her body around in a dancing circle while cradling the black dagger.
“She’s grande loco, man.” Bo shakes his black skull side to side then chuckles.
“What’s the final procedure, baby?” Morgan talks like a normal teenager as she shuffles on bare feet towards Tina, smiling wickedly and extends dangerously the dagger to Tina like giving a birthday present.
“Don’t touch her, Morgan.” Bo protectively threatens and rumbles in his bass drum.
Dallas carefully flips the fragile yellow faded pages and can’t believe all the answers of all his massive questions stood like a granite statue in the old man’s Library that Tina accidentally found. He studiously reads the old Latin sentences then verbally instructs to Morgan. “You must cut out the scar tissue of the ripped wings on the Angel using Saint Michael’s dagger…” He pauses for drama, absorbing the precious words then returns his eyeballs to the page and finishes. “…at the blacken skin of her back muscles.”
“I don’t have wings, you idiot. There’s no scar tissue.” Tina updates then sneers at Morgan who stands two feet from Tina’s tied wrists behind her back muscles.
Morgan neck snaps her skull at Dallas and pouts her lips, cute-like as Dallas narrows his eyelids and reads the text. “Touch her back with the knife…the black slits will appear.” He chin whips his face then watches and coaches Morgan in the Ancient Latin ritual.
Morgan easily cuts Tina’s white rope and her white sweater with the sharp black dagger, exposing Tina’s smooth peachy-pale back muscles then quickly uprights her folded hand in the air and steadies the tip of the dagger at the target, quickly thrusting her hand down.
“Touch, not thrust, Morgan.” Dallas forcefully yells from the podium as Morgan stops her hand in mid-air then neck snaps her skull to him, smiling wickedly.
“Don’t touch her, Morgan.” Bo warns then neck snaps his skull Dallas and dangerously threatens. “Do. Not. Do This. Dallas.”
Morgan lowers the dagger then gently touches between Tina’s shoulder blades with the dagger tip while immediately two separate black vertical dead-looking ugly raw jagged raised wrinkled skin fusions violently cracks within Tina’s smooth back muscles as she painfully screams and cries with agony.
“Amazing.” Morgan softly whispers then wickedly smiles watching the skin morph into baby skin earthquakes on Tina’s peachy-pale skin.
Dallas silently reads then neck snaps his skull at Morgan, instructing wisely. “Now…gently, cut the blacken slits from her back….gently, Morgan.” He quietly observes both Tina and Morgan.
“No….no…please.” Tina cries and helplessly struggles with the tight ropes since she is only a weak Human, not a powerful Angel, rocking her body back and forth on the table and tries to move from away Morgan when Morgan stingingly plows her folded fist into Tina’s bruised face.
Tina abruptly halts her swaying motion then silently cries in pain as Bo rumbles in bass drum and neck snaps his skull at Dallas. “Wait!”
“No waiting!” Morgan quickly retorts and focuses her eyelashes upon Tina then dangerously sways the silver dagger, posing the tip on top of the left blacken wound.
“You’re not reading…not translating the Latin correctly, Dallas.” Bo swiftly lectures, narrowing his eyelids with purpose.
Dallas raises his palm up into the air, warning. “Hold, Morgan.” He neck snaps his skull at Bo, talking truthfully. “I was top dog at translating my Latin assignments, Bo. I recall you cut class…a lot.”
Bo chuckles then retorts with honesty. “We were young and stupid….okay, I was young and stupid. I caught up and surpassed your abilities, man.”
“How have you surpassed me, Bo?” Dallas inquires.
“Dallas?” Morgan names, dangerously posing the tip of the silver dagger two inches from the left black wound.
“Be patient, Morgan.” Dallas orders as he eye burns Bo while Morgan eye burns Dallas with puffs and huffs of forced air, standing impatiently with her hands akimbo.
Bo enlightens. “Guardian-angel lessons, assignments, and studies…part of the job…I couldn’t dodge, man.”
“Your job was guarding Fleming…24/7/365.” Dallas debates.
“Fleming also snored almost 24/7/365. His biological body was like a very sick young child instead of a healthy elderly adult. During the rest periods, I studied my assignments…my Angel assignments.” Bo emphasizes, bobbing his skull up and down several times.
“I don’t believe ya, bro.” Dallas truths, while narrowing his eyelids at the Faithful-angel who tries to trick him into something dangerous.
“Dallas, I truly don’t give a damn if you don’t believe me or didn’t trust me or…,” he suddenly halts then chin whips his face deeply into his chest then lifts his skull up as he stares at Dallas, lecturing honestly. “You are translating the words…wrong.” Bo neck snaps his skull at Tina, talking slow and carefully. “If…I…am….right.
Dallas swings his skull and eye burns at Tina, deciding the truth. “Fine.”
“Baby?” Morgan seductively purrs, hanging the silver dagger in the air waves like a line of drying clothes on the back porch.
“Morgan, give me the dagger.” Dallas extends his palm and demands, hotly.
“No.” Morgan richly bites, protectively cradling the silver dagger to her breasts.
“I need to release Bo.” Dallas orders while holding his palm open.
“No, he’s a more powerful Angel than…you…baby. Don’t trust him. Don’t trust her. Don’t trust them. They’re trying to stop us.” Morgan strongly advises, swaying her shoulders and cuddling the dagger into her chest.
“Can’t argue with Heavenly truths.” Bo snorts like a wild boar then smiles and eye burns Morgan as she hisses using her tongue like a snake.
“Okay, can’t disagree with that fact. Give me the dagger…thou. Bo needs to…,” Dallas starts.
Morgan executively decides over Dallas. “No, I keep the dagger.” She flips her five manicured fingernails back and forth at Dallas giving the visual signal to ‘continue’ then orders in her alto clarinet. “You…you do your thing with him, figure out the Latin words. I’ll stand guard…guardian of us…baby.”
Dallas smart-asses, wrinkling his forehead, ugly. “Whatever!” He shuffles his boots to Bo, holding the open book next to Bo’s blood-dried nostrils then commands. “Translate, bro….here.” He finger points at the selected sentences then patiently watches and listens.
Bo magically surrounds Tina with his Angel shield for both protection and love as Dallas busies with the difficult reading material then Bo direct points his dirty index finger nail bonded with his wrist like a wrapped Christmas bow in front of his torn T-shirt at the particular sentence and teaches. “This word teres. The Latin term has many meanings such as rounded, polished, smooth, fine, elegant.”
Dallas counters. “Teres means ‘to cut’…much like…cut the glass.”
“Yeah, much like…cut the skin.” Morgan replaces with an evil twang. “Her skin.” She viciously squawks like a preying bird.
Dallas neck snaps his skull at her and crudely yells. “Shut up, Morgan.”
Bo softly lectures. “Cutting glass damages the product. Glass is created by smoothing. Teres means smooth, not cut. The meaning is tricky, Dallas.” Bo pauses for drams as Dallas absorbs the virtual concept within his brain cells then Bo translates the text. “You use the dagger to smooth. I’d recommend glide the blade down the scar tissue, gently. That releases the wings from a Tainted-angel freely into the atmosphere.”
“Into the atmosphere…,” Dallas repeats then wrinkles his forehead, ugly.
“In limbo….,” Bo adds then twists his lips, ugly and declares. “If I have translated correctly….”
Dallas interprets. “You mean, the Angel’s wings are up for grabs.”
Bo bobs his skull up and down several times then paraphrases differently. “Tina’s wings are hidden in cyberspace…at the moment.”
“Get them out….for me, Dallas.” Morgan orders and pouts her lips, cute-like, moving her body to stand in front of Tina’s horizontal form which perches like a dead fish on top of the three-feet high table.
“Hush, Morgan.” Dallas orders as he studies the weird sentences and ponders the Latin text along with the valuable Angel translation service from Bo.
“Once released, it’s a race to the wings…for the winner.” Bo neck snaps his skull at Morgan, watching Morgan ponder that deep Angel statement.
Morgan shifts her eyeballs at Bo then surprisingly dictates. “Kill her, the winner…me…get her wings. The Latin word says ‘to kill.’ I must kill her so the Angel can’t re-possess her wings. Retrievee must die.”
“Retrievee must die.” Dallas repeats the silly statement and sighs then breathes, deeply then neck snaps his skull at Morgan, questioning intensively. “Where on Earth did you read that weird Latin incantation, Morgan?”
“Here.” Morgan pulls the small book from her designer purse that locates on the dirt floor next to Tina’s table leg then tosses in the air the small black crinkly leather bound book at Dallas as he accurately catches in his left hand then flips to the first page, studying the words as Morgan continues. “It states in the Latin language the Latin word secare…’to kill’…to kill her.” She soldierly pivots and direct points the silver dagger tip at Tina’s skull, hissing like a snake and softly repeats. “Kill…her.”
Dallas critically examines the old book, screws his eyebrows, ugly and wrinkles his forehead, funny, asking thoughtfully. “How did you acquire this old manual, Morgan?”
“Tina?” Morgan names and lowers the dagger tip toward Tina’s eyeballs then dangerously lifts then thrusts the tip up and down for show and giggles with a girly twang at Tina.
Dallas eye burns Tina, asking perplexingly. “Tina, where did you find this book?”
Tina stares at wild-eyed crazy Morgan then shouts. “I found…”
Morgan tattles. “She stole it from Dad’s bookstore, thief.” She pauses for drama then declares in her alto clarinet. “I decree as future Angel that this worthless thief deserves punishment…death.” She laughs with an ear piercing scream.
“Morgan, finish your story?” Dallas orders.
“O! That! I stood in aisle two as Tina tucked the little book into her ratty bag, watching her… sneak…,” Morgan replays.

“Why didn’t you stop her, Morgan?” Dallas asks.
Morgan swings her skull at Dallas with the dagger hanging in mid-air over Tina then screws her eyebrows, ugly and questions, “…for a ratty book?”
“No, your mission was to observe Tina’s movements especially at the Bookstore in the location of the rare and valuable books. We… all…were looking for the Angel wing incantations. She stole the information from us. Why didn’t you inform me?” Dallas questions.
Morgan narrows her eyelashes then seductively smiles, talking passionately. “Baby, I forget. I’m so sorry.” She pivots her body then seductively sashays her hips towards Dallas and calmly explains. “Everything’s okay…now…that book don’t work…remember? You’re so smart finding the other one…baby.”
“That book don’t work….finding the other one?” Dallas roller balls his eyeballs up, down, left then right, pondering smartly and holds the book center stage of his body, demanding. “Morgan, when and where did Daddy buy this book?”
Morgan shrugs her shoulders, once then tosses both her head and hand in the air to the right, announcing mysteriously. “Some where, some place, some day, some year…I don’t really recall…at the moment.”
Bo sums for all un-waxed eardrums. “But…you didn’t have trouble remembering it was located in the Rare Books Section…or that Tina, a former Angel without her wings needed the data inside that book to recall her wings from cyberspace or…”
Morgan shouts. “Or else…nothing? Shut up, ya little Earth bound Angel monkey…” She neck snaps her skull at Dallas, complimenting triumphantly. “You played his fiddle, right, baby?”
Dallas colors in bright strawberry red upon his stoic face then cautiously warns. “Morgan?” In his heart, Morgan has truthfully confessed lots of correct statements since Dallas had supplied the information needed to trap both Bo and Tina on Earth for the ancient Latin ritual of Angel wing removal.
“I do remember your time’s near. I do recall you like this little Tainted thing.” She pauses for drama and wickedly smiles at Bo then Morgan continues. “I, also remember you can’t leave until your vacare is finished, hence ya trapped here in Birmingham.” She robotically rotates her neck muscles side to side at the four walls of the room. “Do ya’ll…know where this little temple stands?”
“Five Points Station…,” Bo knows.
“A place of vile evil, malice curses, witch burnings, and malicious counter spells….for any being…an evil being…to access, to use, and to destroy...,” Morgan rambles in her new bass clarinet.
“She’s muchos mucho grande loco, Dallas.” Bo tattles then shakes his skull side to side and chuckles.
“Trapped in Five Points Station without your powers, hence…” Morgan suddenly stops, while panting with shallow breathes then yells. “I…Kill…You…Bo.”
“Morgan!?” Dallas screams, swinging his body in the direction of Morgan and Tina.
Morgan eye burns Dallas, pleading innocently. “Listen, Dallas. Bo wants to confuse and to upset your mighty brain cells…baby. We won. We have the power…the dagger…in your hands to do this. Do this right! I get her wings and unearthly powers. You get his wings and heavenly powers. What a great team we’ll be…conquering, conquesting, and controlling…the entire planet.” She wickedly laughs and finales. “Earth is our oyster, baby.”
Morgan gracefully pirouettes and soldierly marches toward Tina, hanging the dagger tip in the air then dangerously dives at Tina’s skull, crying angrily. “Good ridden, Tainted thing.”
Morgan purposefully hits the secret invisible Angel shield provided by Bo then painfully both the dagger and her folded fists bounce backward from the un-seem force field as her fanny lands flat upon the dirt floor. Morgan furiously curses and examines Tina, not dead then she leaps, T-rex upon her sandaled feet and soldierly pivots, eye burning Bo.
Bo sweetly smiles, winking his eyelid, left at Morgan, standing upright for the vicious dog fight between him and her with a tiny zing of his Angel-powers from his limited Survival pack as Dallas alarmingly shouts. “Morgan!?”
Morgan swiftly dashes on sandaled feet, wrapping a two-fisted gripe as her knuckles turn white around the hilt of the dagger.
Dallas cautiously warns. “Stop, Morgan before you hurt Bo. You’re right. The dagger can kill Bo since he’s not in his pure Angel state.”
Morgan growls like a wounded animal, confessing. “My plan.” She marches onward towards Bo.
Dallas violently shoves with both his hands Bo into the wall corner then protectively blocks Bo warning fearfully. “Our plan. I use the dagger on Bo. I get his wings. You get Tina’s.”
Morgan adjusts the plan, stomping her high heels closer to Dallas. “She’s Tainted. I want pure clean wholesome Angel wings. I want his.”
“No.” Dallas bites, hotly, blocking her advancement towards crouched Bo.
“Out of the way, baby.” Morgan commands.
Dallas raises his arms over Morgan’s skull then bomb drops his hands onto her folded fists, using his strong male biceps and halts her advancement towards wounded and bounded Bo who crouches in the corner of Temple Room. Dallas sighs then breathes, deeply, recalling the Latin passages in ancient book, summing quickly the bits and bites of the new Celestial knowledge calculating within his active brain cells.
Saint Michael’s dagger requires one single straight cut to any part of the skin to paralyze an Angel and leaves no visual or painful mark hence the procedure will release Bo’s Faithful wings into cyberspace along with Tina’s. The second cut using Saint Michael’s dagger, if not properly positioned, will terminate Bo’s life force as a Faithful-angel. His feathers, skin, blood, tissue, and eyeballs become part of the vast Cosmic. Bo hasn’t committed any evil infractions against his Angelic goodness Soul by-passing a reserved spot in Hell.
Bo is Dallas’s friend, his pal, his buddy…his brother both Earthly and Heavenly thus, the Pearly Gates of Heaven will rust and fall off before Dallas allows Morgan to touch Bo with that killing weapon. Dallas spits, hotly, holding Morgan at bay. “Give me the damn dagger.”
Morgan yells, fighting and trying to yank her folded fists from Dallas’ tight gripe. “No!”
Dallas uses his manly strength, prying her girly manicured soft fingernails from the silver dagger while he plans to release the weapon and catches it falling with gravity towards the dirt floor.
Morgan wildly screams into Dallas’ left eardrum as the dagger swiftly drops out of her hands and Dallas accidentally slips on his right cowboy boot pathing his body backwards towards Bo while Morgan grabs with her right hand Dallas by his T-shirt, stretching the cotton fabric towards her flying fury and the flying dagger.
The weapon hits, impales, slices hotly as Saint Michael’s dagger traces a perfect straight line from Dallas’ left side of his forehead down through his cheekbone, jaw, collar bone and finally deep into his left rib cage then the dagger plummets deeply into his beating heart.
The power within Saint Michael’s dagger penetrates any and all known invisible and visible energy and matter within the vast Cosmic with dangerous, damaging, and destroying death to the lame and stupid recipient as the heart stops and Dallas dies.
The burning weapon dives down deeper, tearing and ripping at Dallas and Dallas’ delicate biological organs though the delicate body matter of the stomach, liver, spleen, hip bone then shoots its silver tip outside, tearing the beautiful olive skin on Dallas’ leg left and exposing his naked white pelvis bone along with other white bones, pink muscle tissues, and broken veins of red blood that leap-frog into the air then lands on the dirt.
Morgan squats on her kneecaps then deliberately stumbles her body forward and successfully catches the dagger as the silky dagger’s tip sears her open right palm, slicing a vertical bloody wound thought the meat and trails straight down into the aortic cardiovascular vein of her right leg as dead Dallas whacks the floor. Thud!
Morgan fearfully cries then helplessly clutches her right leg as spring boarding red bright blood arches beautifully in height towards the ceiling while the dagger cartwheels and tumbles in mid-air like a dancing ballerina then silently stops horizontally in the dirt floor.
Bo gallops to dying Morgan, punching her nose with his folded fist as she bleeds then faints in the dirt while Bo grabs both her dagger and Morgan, galloping with his Angel-strength to Tina.
“Hold on, Tina. Don’t move.” Bo glides Morgan’s hand holding the dagger, smoothing each of the black vertical raw jagged line along Tina’s back muscles as Tina painfully screams while her wounds closes, revealing peachy-pale soft healed skin. Bo cautiously shuffles away from Tina after finishing his task and forcefully tosses barely alive Morgan into the dirt as Saint Michael’s dagger magically disappears from his right hand.
“Tina!?” Bo softly names, holding both his hands and arms outward, not understanding what to do or how to help Tina further.
“I’m sick.” She raggedly coughs and announces. “Going to hurl. Get away!” She pushes Bo away with her hands as he back paces and observes and worries.
Tina slips off the table and doubles over at her waist in pain, crying wet tears of agony as she eye burns the dirt with her arms wrapped around her tummy then she coughs and spits then drools and vomits then growls and finally hiccups. Pop! Tina splatters her body on fives (kneecaps, elbows, and nose) into the soft dirt.
Her twenty-two feet wing of tips to tails appears in full horizontal wing extension colored in a blinding pure white etched with three colorful vertical layers protruding from her back muscles. Tina’s Angel tips paints around the edges in bright hot pink then prettily dances inward into a thick ring of purplish mauve and elegantly taps towards the center into deep wine that compliments her peachy skin.
Bo swiftly rushes, using strength biceps to lift Tina in one swoop from the dirt then uprights her body between his strong arms, landing her boots upon the dirt then frowns with worry as Tina smiles with a purple bruise on her peachy forehead, green vomit particles around her pink lips, and a series of red blood blots flow down her bruised blue button nose.
“You are so beautiful, Angel.” Bo compliments but he doesn’t kiss her…after she bathes.
Tina neck snaps her skull behind her right shoulder. “My wings?”
Bo jokes. “One, two. All present and accounted for Miss Angel.” He smiles then his body swiftly shimmers out and in like a ghost.
Tina screams. “What’s… what’s happening to you, Bo?”
Bo grins with a silly smirk, alerting. “Central calling.”
“You’re fading.” She meekly rasps.
Bo corrects and smiles. “I’m phasing. You’re healed Tina but weak. Hold onto me! We’re leaving Earth.”
Tina neck snaps her skull at Dallas, mewing softly. “What about Dallas?”
Bo eye burns Dallas, whispering quietly. “I can’t help him… anymore.”
“…and Morgan.” Tina pitifully examines her dead and distorted face and body.
Bo un-emotionally blurs. “Not my problem.” Pop! His wing expand into twenty-five feet of white feathers surrounding with a first layer of painted sky blue then bright electric blue that nicely blends into a deep Navy blue.
“Your wings…so beautiful.” Tina smiles and admires with her puke green vomit crinkles ugly on her lips as Bo violently gags.
Bo nosily clears his throat then softly whispers. “Not as beautiful as you, Angel.” They smile silly then they phase totally.
Heaven. Harps. Halos. Infinite time. Bo and Tina lounge inside the white love seat, overlapping their finger pads, arms, legs, wings and the rest of their body parts as they grin with silly smiles then coo like love birds and happily share secret words between their eardrums.
Dallas solos on the opposite inside the oversized lounge chair, studying his Angel-brother and sister the new lovey-dovey couple in Heaven and his personal eternity friends…forever as he wickedly smiles and starts. “So, you saw…”
Bo finishes. “I see everything, man.”
“You returned to help me. I’m grateful, Bo.” Dallas softly words and tilts his head in a humble bow for thanks.
“I returned to help both, you and Tina.” Bo wildly announces then kisses her lips as Tina giggles.
“You knew that…,” Dallas guesses.
Bo shakes his black skull sideways, answering, honestly. “I didn’t know who used Michael’s dagger to touch Tina.”
“Why not, bro?” Dallas confuses.
Bo replies. “The dagger contained both your and Morgan’s finger prints on the hilt. I just didn’t know…the truth.”
“That’s the reason for the Angel shielding, Bo.” Tina boldly injects.
Bo gently kisses her forehead, gently, explaining. “My shielding was for your protection from poco loco Morgan.”
Dallas adds. “Serving her time with Satan...for eternity.”
Bo notes then smirks. “Yeah, she finally got her wings.”
“She possesses Angel wings.” Tina meekly inquires.
Bo wickedly smiles, tenderly kissing her soft lips and freely tattles. “Demons are given bright red wings for being bad…very bad.”
“Well, the wings will match her fire engine red long manicured fingernails.” Tina confirms and bobs her skull up and down, once.
“You’re so…,” Bo starts.
“So what, Bo?” Tina questions.
Bo finishes. “So perfect, Angel.” He kisses her soft lips, smiling seductively.
Dallas impatiently yells. “Time out, love birds! Back to my questions…bro.”
“More questions, Dallas...” Bo wrinkles his forehead, ugly and confuses.
“You didn’t know who touched the dagger?” Dallas annoys.
“The dagger’s very special. Did you see it shimmy from black to silver when Morgan touched Tina’s back muscles?” Bo reminds.
“That was painful.” Tina reacts.
Dallas tilts his skull to the left at Bo then puffs musically. “Yes….” Then, Dallas tilts skull to the right at Tina then huffs musically. “And yes.”
“The being of the dagger is the owner. The owner can wand its magic to any other being such as an animal, human, angel, demon, other…” Bo lectures.
Tina blurts. “There really are ‘other’ others.”
“Aliens.” Bo substitutes and chuckles.
“You mean outer space aliens. Really, Bo?” Tina expresses with shock.
“You have studied, Bo.” Dallas compliments and smiles.
“Advancement, man.” Bo grins to Dallas then answers. “I had to witness the true owner.”
“Morgan claimed the title when she touched my back.” Tina verifies.
Bo confirms. “Right-o! I felt in my heart that Dallas could be saved. Even though he did steal the dagger from the Michael’s weapons stores…uh...by the way, you’re going to get reprimanded for that stupid asinine act.”
“Harp lessons, right? I hate with deep caring passion harp lessons. I find them worse than a six- inched pick axe wound to the chest.” Dallas visualizes nasty while shaking his blonde bangs sideways.
“Probably, and teaching the Cherubs musical scales….for a while.” Bo wickedly finishes then chuckles as Dallas curses, hotly.
All baby Angels at age of three Celestial years old learn their music notes and octave scales as the music instructors endure ear piercing pain, heart wrenching sorrow, blackboard scratching nerve endings until their next rotation duty.
Tina puzzles. “So…you figured out that Morgan owned the dagger. How did the right book…”
“Appear…,” Bo fills then laughs with an evil tone.
“Tina discovered the small carbon radiated fragment in the Book of Jubilees located inside the cave on Mount Athos in Greece that allows only the entrance of males over the age of eighteen. So, I snapped a pic into the cell phone and flashed it and me back to Birmingham.”
“You tricked me.” Tina sums as Dallas chuckles.
Bo carefully explains, passionately kissing her lips. “I treated you, Angel from being tricked by Morgan…and my brother there.”
“It seems to me that Heaven tricked all of us.” Dallas concludes then nosily slurps the grape juice bottle then wrinkles his nose like a puppy dog and closes the cap. It’s not beer but he’ll survive his nasty bad habits from Earth when he lived as a Human.
“Heaven treats all of us.” Bo reminds then smiles for both Tina and Dallas.
“Ah! A Heavenly test?” Tina spouts.
Bo preaches. “My test? Your test? Her test? Yes. Tests are part of being Angels in Heaven and Humans on Earth.”
Dallas follows up. “I passed. You passed. She passed. We all…passed.”
“Yes, we did tested and did passedth.” Bo chuckles at his lame joke, smiling at Dallas
Dallas presents duck lips, ugly then concludes. “You planted the right book into Mr. Fleming’s Library for Tina to find. So simple!” He pauses for drama then compliments. “I’d have never suspected that that book was newly placed upon the shelf since Mr. Fleming collected old, new, and rare literature of every type of Ancient history for decades.”
“Coupled with the fact you didn’t study.” Bo observes then sniggers.
“That’s about to change…” Dallas confirms and bobs his skull up and down, once.
“See…how he’s sucking up to us…with the former proper title of Mr. Fleming, instead of old man…,” Bo lectures and chuckles.
“Yeah.” Tina agrees and giggles.
“He’s practicing…” Bo tattles.
“So, Bo…you were playing Angel detective.” Dallas theorizes.
“I was playing matchmaker. I hoped you and Tina would become friends, first and then…” Bo dumps.
“We became friends, first…instead.” Tina corrects, giggling and rubbing Bo’s hand.
“Very good friends, I recall.” Dallas winks his eyelid, left and teases then wickedly smiles.
Bo smiles at Tina. “Fated from the beginning…,” He honestly proclaims.
“How’da ya know, Bo?” Dallas wrinkles his forehead, inquiring.
“Heaven knows everything, Dallas.” Bo reminds then grins with a toothy smile.
“I shall remember that.” Dallas quotes and smiles.
“You shall learn that, Dallas.” Bo reminds, twice.
Dallas sings with a robot flare. “Stored, filed. Beep!” Tina and Bo chuckle then Tina rubs Bo’s hands.
Tina narrates. “I’m still confused about some of the steps in your detective work, Bo. Dallas stole the dagger. Morgan used the dagger. The dagger cut my wings. However, the book that Morgan’s Daddy purchased did not contain any of the real Latin rules. Where did the data of the wrong book come from?”
“Dallas knows.” Bo solves then finger points at his bro.
“No.” Dallas huffs musically, shaking his blonde bangs side to side.
“Confession time, man.” Bo nags.
“No.” Dallas puffs musically and shakes his bangs sideways.
“Dallas, we’re lounging 500 feet from the High Command. Don’t lie. Spill the beans.” Bo orders like a true Warrior-angel from Heaven in Saint Michael’s army as Tina giggles at Bo’s command over snot-hole Dallas.
Dallas sighs then breathes, deeply, talking honestly. “I plotted to take your wings, Bo, sadly. I wanted you to live on Earth, happily. I prepared Mr. Fleming’s inheritance papers in your name, successfully.”
Bo holds upright his clean index fingernail, singing. “Ah! Finally, you’re obvious obnoxiously obsessiveness with the money and graduating teen High School. There was a sub-plot. I just couldn’t finger it, buddy.”
Dallas shames more. “I wanted you well cared for and I arranged for Tina and you to meet. I knew about her post Tainted condition. I wanted her happy and you happy. Ya’ll could’ve been very happy…together.”
“The real plot.” Tina acknowledges.
“Good, Dallas. Now, I confess. I plotted to return your wings. I returned to arrange for you and Tina to meet….as well.” Bo clarifies, confesses then chuckles as Dallas laughs.
Tina names. “Then…Miss Bertha?”
Dallas shakes his blonde bangs sideways, offering honestly. “No…a minor side character.”
“Correction! A weirdo side character.” Bo confirms, shaking his skull sideways.
Tina proposes. “The red plot thickens.”
“I thought I wanted to be…with Morgan the rest of my life.” Dallas confesses.
Bo lectures. “You see, Tina. Only a female can acquire female Angel wings…using Saint Michael’s dagger. Dallas possessed that knowledge.”
“How did you know I was coming?” Tina eye burns Dallas, questioning.
“I lived as a homeless bum on the city streets for years…decades, Tina. Listening. Watching. Learning. The house up the road planned to deliver their baby by mid-wife. A baby girl…” Dallas dumps.
“I was a random choice.” Tina updates, dropping her jaw in shock.
“Sorry, Tina, you worked into my plan, perfectly. I waited and watched your landing in the grass meadows near the old red barn on the edge of Five Points Station for your first contact with the new baby.” Dallas updates.
“First contact?” Tina words.
“You’re required a first contact to witness the birth of the infant.” Dallas guides as standard for any new Guardian-angels then he questions. “As I recall your arrival using my useless hindsight, why did you swoop down alone? Where were the Seraphs?”
“I can elaborate…there.” Bo takes over.
“Bo?” Tina neck snaps her skull at Bo and names.
“My doing, I’m afraid. I watched you, Dallas…all those long years struggle…survive…alone and alive. And…then…I learned of your evil plot.” Bo laughs with a deep bass drum and provides. “I arranged for Tina to tap down alone so you could strike.”
“What backfired?” Tina puzzles.
“Morgan.” Dallas names, while shaking his blonde bangs sideways, and talking scary. “She went hopping toady frog crazy with bloodlust. She wanted to kill you, Tina. She didn’t want to hear about the Tainted condition or…any ritual.”
Tina starts, feeling deeply mixed emotions. “I struggled…”
Dallas confesses. “We both were stranded. I’m sorry, Tina. I was searching for the ancient texts…as well...”
Bo finishes. “….without success. When Mr. Fleming passed, I was allowed to return to save both of ya’ll. Morgan was the key. We couldn’t step forward without her re-activating the dagger, twice.”
Dallas shakes his blonde bangs sideways, talking honestly. “I didn’t understand the awesome power of the dagger or the purpose or the action or the consequences for all of us.”
“My research that I conducted for years at the Mellon Bookstore as I read passages…” Tina tosses.
Dallas stings, “….that Morgan wrote. She faked the words and books leaving a trail for you, Tina. We couldn’t find you after…”
Bo kicks in. “I take it from here. Dallas. He saved your life…on that starry night inside the root cellar, Tina. He knocked Morgan unconscious, carrying her to the car while you escaped. She was readying to stab the dagger into your newly acquired flesh and blood Human body.”
“Thank you, Dallas.” Tina compliments, eye burning him and sweetly smiles.
“Morgan and Dallas lost track of you but I never did. I had to wait until my job terminated then I became free to facilitate the Angel tale…with a happy ending.” Bo storytells his way then kisses her soft lips.
“Both of you were watching over me the entire time, I have two Guardian-angels. I’m a lucky… Angel.” Tina joyfully proclaims, smiling at Bo then Dallas.
Bo proposes. “I must admit I was worried about your indecisiveness with the book, Dallas.”
Tina asks. “How did you know which book was correct, Dallas?”
Dallas snorts like a wild boar then shares. “Morgan wrote crap sentences in her fake book that read ‘Retrievee loses wings. Retriever gets wings’.”
Bo snorts like a wild boar then questions. “Where did that nonsense come from?”
Tina informs. “You read that data. I copied all of Morgan’s pretend make-up incantations in my research work.”
“I did.” Bo alarms with shock.
Tina compliments then giggles. “I didn’t realize Morgan had such creative writing abilities.”
Bo confesses. “I thought it was written by some spaced out joint-smoking hippie from 1960’s. She fooled me…also.”
“Morgan didn’t fool you, Dallas.” Tina compliments and smiles at him.
“Because, Bo had fooled me by planting the real Latin text on the table inside that old book among your scribbled notes. Then, yesterday…,” Dallas pauses for drama then confesses. “I realized just how dangerous and deadly Saint Michael’s dagger was to…all of us…Angel, Human, and Animal.”
Tina eye burns Bo, smiling wickedly, questioning. “Why’s Dallas an Angel, Bo?”
“Excuse me, doll.” Dallas viciously greets.
Bo laughs then explains. “Dallas stumbled into the path of Light by saving you, Tina…the first time. He just needed someone to jerk his bee_hind back on track…a few times… before he got the big pic.” He chuckles along with Tina as Dallas roller balls his pupils into the rear of his skull since Bo is correct.
Tina offers and smiles. “You saved all of us more than once, Dallas. I…am very gratitude.”
“I’m just relieved. I invested a lot of time and energy in you, man.” Bo offers.
Dallas corrects. “Angel, not man. Get a new reference, bro.”
“How about boy?” Tina brilliantly suggests.
“Good one, Angel…little boy…” Bo repeats then sniggers at Dallas.
“Little boy blue to match his baby blue wings.” Tina giggles with a girly twang and sweetly suggests as she smile at Dallas.
“Keep…’man.’ That’s what I am...” Dallas poems then sniggers. “Know this…the real ‘man’…(points at his white T-shirt)….was the real matchmaker.”
Tina swiftly stands as Bo follows her body by holding her right hand, not letting go, asking kindly. “Where you going… Angel?”
Tina giggles and informs. “I’m giving Dallas a hug and a kiss for making us match, Bo.”
Dallas wickedly smiles then stands, holding his arms outstretched like a half-moon in silence with his 25 feet of wings bouncing up and down which displays a pretty etching of many, many rings of colorful baby blue layers around his pure white feathers.
Bo swiftly stands and hugs, closetly Tina into his chest then strongly suggests. “You can hug him…briefly. No kissing, not my Angel…(points at Dallas)…by that Angel.” Bo neck snaps his skull at Dallas and sharply advises. “Get your own Angel, Dallas.”
An invisible face loudly yells in the far distance. “Harp lessons…Dallas.” Then, Dallas strongly curses.
Two days later. October. Friday. Morning. Homewood High School. Homewood. Alabama. Locker. Hallway. 62ºF. Partly clouds sky. 7:52am. SLAP! Lissa forcefully jerks her hand back from his face, leaving an embedded imprint of red, temporarily while the other two alpha males of the trio soar like a lifting commercial cargo plane roar of laughter.
Lissa eye pins them nasty the laughing two boys to the scruffy beige wall with her ice cream cold fridge stare. The Ice Princess’s best feature is her icy aqua piercing eyes of an angry reincarnated babe warrior from Ancient Greek History mythological while the two alpha males of the trio again fly in volume higher and longer with blasts of space shuttle thundering baritone laughter.
Lissa neck snaps her skull to Drake and arches her perfectly shaped golden honey eyebrow, right then she purses her cherry red lipstick-painted mouth together, tightly while she studies her wounded prey for two eternally long silence seconds and finally voices in her flute second octave ‘A’ breathlessly. “I’m done with you with…Drayton. You’ve burnt my toast for the last time.”
“She means to say…burnt her…asset…,” Josh brilliantly substitutes while Ash painfully smashes Josh’s shoulder with his huge paw.
“Chill, dog, I can’t hear the domestic violence thread.” Ash swiftly reprimands then he and Josh howl like a couple of forest wolves as they both eye burn frowning Drake then cut their eyeballs to pouting Lissa.
Drake narrows his eyelids barely covering his brown pupils and slices the slits left at his pre-kindergarten pals with a disgusted lip sneer like a junk yard dog as the other two alpha males of the trio drop their vocal volume to a low mope head rattle.
Drake head spins his face to her, talking nicey-nice. “Lissa….please try to be a little understanding. I was assisting her with…”
“…vertical mouth to mouth resuscitation.” Lissa empties then wrinkles her forehead, ugly, folding her lean biceps over her silk designer red blouse.
“So, what’s a horizontal mouth to mouth resuscitation?” Ash bumps his pointy elbow against Josh’s steel bicep, asking as they giggle like a pair of high school females in the bathroom stall texting the ‘right’ boy.
Josh tenderly strokes his dusty blonde whiskers covering his pale face with one hand, theorizing. “If ya play dumb, Lissa’ll explain both and if ya lucky, see a demo.” The two alpha males increase their vocal volume with the flight of a fighter jet rumble of laughter.
“Lissa!?” Drake names, holding both his palms in the air, not touching her body, but trying to law trial his persuasive arguments before the beautiful judge.
“Forever gone…Drake.” Lissa gracefully pirouettes in a perfect 180 degree turn in the opposite direction of Drake, marching literally by stepping her kneecaps high in four inches that attaches to her designer strappy red sandals with the silent music inside her teen girly brain cells, swinging her right arm back and forth with the proper body cadence.
Lissa is a head majorette for the Homewood Eagles Marching Band since her short life rotates around the baton. The baton is a light weight hollow steel pipe which is 36 inches long and 1.5 centimeters thick with two weighted balls on each end of the pipe for total of 10 ounces of twirl, swirl, and hurl excitement.
Josh swiftly cuffs his finger pads in the formation of a fleshy fog horn then blows into his lips, shouting really loudly. “Forever and ever…plus one day….and more beyond the stars….gone…bye…Lissa, wissa.” The two alpha males light with Fourth of July firework bombs of baritone laughter.
First Period. Latin class. 8:01am. The bell loudly rings as bodies accidentally crash together and metal lockers nosily slam shut while teenagers Drayton Hatem, Ashley Francis Sain, and Joseph Lavas man-strut down the crowded hall into their first period Latin class.
“Wissa…,” Ash words between his pink tongue and white molars then chuckles lightly and neck snaps his skull to Josh, strolling between him and Drake towards the classroom, expressing. “I can audioize a couple of more creative words than wissa…bro…like witcha….and bit…”
Josh swiftly lifts up then jerks down his free hand, slapping his jeans and details. “Forget it, man. She ain’t worth detention or harassment charges. Her Daddy’s one of them active arresting Captains on the Homewood Police Force…and carries a great big gun for fun and stuff….,” He chuckles while Ash presents duck lips, ugly pondering these interesting life threatening facts.
“The gun’s for protection of Homewood citizens, not fun and threats, Josh. Get real! And don’t tease Ash, he believes ya.” Drake bosses as captain of the trio who talls besides his football buddies at six feet and six inches, deep tawny complexion, short curly black midnight hair and heart shaped face with an aristocratic nose and a set of high chiseled cheekbones envious from any New York fashion model under a pair of almond-shaped brown eye sockets and thin pink lips.
The rectangular room decorates with four undivided windows which display bright beams of yellow sunlight and thick pillows of white fluffy clouds and holds ten beige Formica rounded tables with groups of three or four students for the active participation and interchange of Latin words, sentences, and conversation.
“Great news…,” Mr. Demuth intros with a smile since he is the permanent American History teacher and is, also the temporary instructor of 12th grade Latin Studies but can’t willingly or technically speak, understand, or write a single word of Latin before, during, or after class time.
Two months ago. Summer. July. The “real” Latin teacher purchases a ticket by crossing the Alabama state line into the small horse town of Pulaski, Tennessee and wins the Saturday night TV drawing of the State of Tennessee Lottery valued before the US Federal withdrawal taxes at $4,000,000 between her out-of-school summer session in July then executively decides to retire her academic career…forever.
Present. Mr. Demuth has stupidly volunteered to cover the Latin class until a new teacher is hired to replace the Lottery winner making today his successfully completed third month of skipping his active Latin sessions. He starts every day with the words. “Great news….” Then, he finishes his practiced short speech and vanishes for the rest of the period, drinking the famous vendor’s gourmet coffee and eating a couple of the famous vendor’s donuts hidden secretly inside the school’s Teacher’s Lounge while he enjoys reading the latest non-religious semi-cult mystery fiction novel for forty-nine minutes and eight seconds.
The Latin class contains eighteen students who will attain “A’s” for the Fall semester on their electronic Report Cards as long as they keep quiet, obedient, and Mr. Demuth’s secret inside their brain cells and off their forked tongues.
Mr. Demuth continues along with his big smile. “You’re so smart. I don’t need to teach ya’ll…Latin. Please practice among yourselves…if ya’ll feel like doing that. Please excuse me, I have a VIP meeting.” Mr. Demuth ends his Monday thru Friday morning ritual, abandoning his class room and his student for the open door.
Drake jerks the chair from the table, plopping his bee_hind into the soft padded seat. “Homecoming Dance?” He mews like a three-week old kitten looking for Mama’s warm milk.
Ash twists his high-back wooden chair backward as the seat faces the empty teacher’s desk, straddling the padded seat with his left leg like mounting in the saddle of his favorite stallion then crosses his steel biceps on the arm rest of the chair, leaning his shaven chin on top of his folded biceps while he eyeballs Drake, talking overconfidently. “Don’t sweat ants! We’re here… line ya up a hot babe.”
“Every hot babe has been booked since the Fourth of July.” Drake drones in baritone trombone, shaking his naturally wavy shoulder length black hair and eye burns a pair of invisible holes located on the table surface with his deep emotional thoughts of Lissa, Homecoming Dance, and Dad.
“Not every hot babe…,” Josh encourages then dumps six bottles of ice cold drinks in the middle their group table.
Drake reaches for the dark liquid of the Coca-Cola while Ash grabs the Mountain Dew bottle of soda, staring his eyeballs scary at the yellow liquid like a poison ivy rash.
One year ago. Drayton Hatem becomes a billionaire teenager at the age of fifteen years old when his beautiful and precious Mama passes into sweet Heaven from her last and final fight with her flower vine growing cancer. All her land masses and financial assets list her only precious child as the single benefactor in her Last Will and Testimony legal binding documents presented to Drake before her death in their Living Room. 
After legal dust settles, Drake’s Dad starts his mid-life journey of touring every major city in the world until…death, leaving his only child with a garrison of highly paid and military trained nannies, maids, servants, cooks, gardeners…pretty much…strangers to care for his only flesh and blood relative within the safe and secured confines and boundaries of the great State of Alabama in the awesome United States of America.
Drake isn’t overly upset about Dad’s decision to vacant him and his home town of Homewood, Alabama since his Dad has traveled for most of his Fatherhood days and nights building his big bad empire, becoming the most reliable Security Guard Company in the world. To do that, Dad is required to see, entertain, and visit his wealthy and pretty clients who pay millions of dollars in protection for themselves and their precious family members.
After Drake received his massive inheritance, he decides to help his school by upgrading all the physical facilities at Homewood High School since he lives there about half his short life during the mornings stuffing down six fresh country breakfast buttered biscuits over the single patty bittersweet hog sausage until evening around supper slurping up home-made spaghetti dinners while heavily involved in the school’s all year sporting events and sporting practices.
Accountants and lawyers, representatives of an anonymous wealthy donor, legally purchase new furniture, new books, new lockers, and new school blue and white uniforms for the band, football team, baseball team, basketball team, track team along with any other sporting programs. There is a newly constructed Book Library, Science Lab, Computer Lab, Gymnasium inside the new Sports Stadium along with numerous classroom buildings near the resurfaced Teacher and Student asphalt paved parking lot.
All the current, out-going, and in-coming teacher receives a big lump sum bonus of money along with a great big pay hike on the tree-tall monetary ladder based on the teacher’s years of dedicated and devoted service and long-standing patience with their often rude, obnoxious, and mean High Schoolers making both the students and the teachers at Homewood High School very happy to start the new school year in August.
Included in each classroom there’s a small kitchenette with a sink, running water from a faucet, one microwave, and a refrigerator filled with assorted cool and hot beverages of healthy and fresh snack foods for those important think-tank academic school sessions.
Present. Latin class. “I want Dr. Pepper.” Ash deeply moans like he stepped his cowboy boots in a high pile of fresh green cow patties surrounded with black horse flies then Josh shrugs his shoulders, once shaking his blonde buzz cut sideways then brotherly swaps his un-opened drink for the Mountain Dew since the soda tally only includes one Dr. Pepper beverage.
“Thank ya, kindly.” Ash politely salutations, tilting the bottle upright into his open mouth.
“Manners…if not rudely obnoxious.” Drake insults, chuckling.
Ash slaps the glass bottle onto the table then mice-squeaks. “Me.” Then, he presents duck lips, ugly pondering the unkind remark from Drake as Josh nosily slurps down the Mountain Dew beverage then burps in loud pronunciation that sounds like the alphabetic letters of ‘a’, ‘b’, and ‘c.’
“Yes, you…dumbo with big flappin’ earlobes, ya need the services of an otolaryngologist, bro.” Josh chuckles then tenderly slaps his folded fist at the middle of Ash’s left big ear protruding from Ash’s brown skull.
“Naw. That’s a doc that cleans the funky yellow wax out of your ears when ya don’t wash but once a week like my Coon dog…Josh.” Ash returns back then silently sips on his drink.
“Josh means ya need a plastic surgeon to clip your ears, Ash not an ENT…which is an ear, nose and throat physician.” Drake clarifies as a female classmate named Nina inside his Latin class from the first round table near the archway approaches from the left.
Nina smoothly slides from her five finger pads with three gold rings a single small item onto the table then assaults with her witty poisonous personality along with a silly smile and good teeth to Drake. “Note, Your Majesty!”
“Thanks, Nina.” Drake acknowledges with a head nod, cutting his eyeballs to classroom doorway.
Josh neck snaps his skull to door, gossiping then laughs. “Bad news travels faster than sunlight.”
“Good news for Drake!” Ash gleefully teases then neck snaps his skull back to their student table observing Drake’s facial expression of both his immediate freedom as a single boy and his upcoming capture as a rich boyfriend which has been smartly executed by one of many lovely females at Homewood High.
Amazon queen Tammy is skinny and possesses a set of colored teeth braces with her long auburn hair down her back and straight bangs across her wide forehead holding the door frame up with both of her hands then smiles goofy and winks her eyelash, right directly at Drake. Drake nods his skull, once in silence acknowledgement at Tammy, holding the solid pink folded note in the air with his right hand for her eyeballs then her grin rapidly slams into her left golden dangling ear-ring towards her right golden dangling ear-ring. Then, Tammy slowly drifts her tallness like a practicing New York actress exiting the New York theatre stage into the darkness of the empty hallway.
Josh rolls his massive shoulders upward, tilting his head backwards then gulps half of twelve ounces of beverage and swallows. He flips his chin down to the table surface then presents his pink tongue then obnoxiously burps a disgusting sound three times in a row, facing Drake and smart-holes. “Whatever! Is your Dad coming to the Homecoming Dance next Friday night, Drake?”
“No.” Drake puffs musically, eye burns his magnificent vertical twirls and back swirls with the empty bottle of Coke between his two palms.
“When’s your Daddy coming home, Drake?” Ash asks, rotating musically sings with his five finger pads across the chair wood while he holds the half full bottle with his left, eye burning Drake.
“Where’s he at?” Josh inquires then swallows the rest of the second Dew and disgustingly burps his encore as Ash chuckles after the showcase performance.
“….with some blonde on the coast of Spain, Sweden. or Suez Canal?” Drake flatly dumps in baritone trombone then uprights and finishes the rest of his Coke then softly burps from the carbonation water while he eye burns the invisible holes on top of the surface.
“Where’s the Suez Canal?” Josh interests, pulling the set of Latin textbook and new spiral wide-lined notepad towards his chest then opens the book to page 37.
“Another one, Your Highness.” Nina returns to their table and slides a second yellow note onto the surface and smiles then gracefully pirouettes her bee_hind back to her seat.
“Thanks, Nina.” Drake appreciates in his baritone trombone, slicing his eyeballs at the archway for a second time.
“In Egypt…,” Ash educates, neck snapping his face along with Josh’s skull at the doorway for a look-see at Drake’s overt admirer.
Pixie princess Sherry cutes with her black bob clashing with her ghostly pale skin and colorful Aquamarine eyes as she hides one-half of her petite body behind the wooden frame of the doorway of Drake’s Latin classroom. She swiftly twirls three fingers of her left hand at Drake as he holds upright the yellow butterfly-shaped note in the air, nodding his head, once in silent acknowledgement and grins goofy as Sherry slides her exposed half-self out of eyesight into the empty hallway.
“Pretty certain…she be promenading with Garth in four days at the Homecoming Dance.” Ash neck snaps to his skull at Drake and warns warmingly, bobbing his brown skull side to side.
“Pretty certain…I be sporting a black eye for four days including the Homecoming Dance.” Drake certainly predicts, grunting like a wild boar and stores the yellow note with the pink one inside his jeans’ pocket for his home trash can in the kitchen.
“I thought it in Africa.” Josh kicks back, flipping several pages inside his Latin textbook and then jolts down some words with his ink pen.
Ash lectures for all eardrums. “The Suez Canal is an artificial waterway in the country of Egypt that connects the Mediterranean Sea with the Red Sea which earns the nickname ‘Highway to India.’ The Suez opened in November 1869 which allowed shipment transportation between the countries of Europe and Asia without the navigation headaches around the longitude country of Africa…”
Josh neck snaps his skull to Ash and annoys for fun. “Bummer. Ya can’t travel with your Dad to all them different countries.”
Drake circles his clean and trimmed index finger nail around the table surface while eye burns on of the two invisible holes, announcing softly. “I’m in the way. He’s always in meetings or committees or…”
“Acquaintances.” Ash boldly finishes, smiling at the table surface.
“Good way to put it, Ash.” Drake compliments while he continues to eye burn the table, smirking with a set of crooked pink lips, left.
“He didn’t become a billionaire by sitting on his duff, Drake.” Ash gently reminds, presenting a set of dead pan straight pin lips as he stares at the table surface.
“Good way to put it, Ash.” Drake compliments while he stares at the invisible hole on the table and smirks his lips, left.
“Cheer up, Drake! We’ll find ya a date for the dance.” Ash brotherly encourages, scanning his eyeballs around their Latin classroom for a few of the single pretty things sitting at the tables.
“Good way to put it, Ash.” Drake compliments while he continues to eye burn the invisible hole, presenting a set of dead pan straight pin lips.
“You’re hooked on Lissa for the dance.” Josh interests then swats the invisible fly bothering his nose hole and returns his eyeballs to the Latin textbook, flipping the next pages for the new word.
Drake purses his lips, tightly then huffs musically. “Naw. She’s comfortable. She tells me what to do.” He pauses for drama then confesses. “I do it.” He swings his skull at the soda bottle collection and grabs a new Mountain Dew with his right hand, drawing the beverage into his chest then pops the lid with his good finger dexterity.
Josh shakes his blonde buzz cut side to side, whining like he stepped his cowboy boots in his Coon dog’s poop. “Man…and here I thought all this time that all females were supposed to be subservient to their males.” He quietly sips his beverage for thirst then returns his eyeballs to the Latin textbook for the new words.
“Good way to put it, Ash.” Ash repeats Drake’s witty quote, chuckling and stares at Drake laughing with him.
“Which lovely female do you desire, Drayton?” Josh pitches with a friendly glove as he jolts printed words onto his paper notepad from the pages of his open Latin textbook.
“From Mars, or Venus…or ya launching a ship to Jupiter at noon, Josh?” Drake teases then sucks nosily on the Coke.
“I gots first pick of Venus girls…hot bodes and lush lips…,” Ash requests then laughs wildly.
“Drake’s first.” Josh flips his face to Ash and wrinkles his forehead, ugly while he reprimands his Southern hick buddy.
Ash retorts with snort like a wild boar. “I’m second…then.”
Josh toots with a tenor trumpet hoot, chuckling. “I’m second since I do all the proper research of datum for my new ‘Babe Project’.”
“How about Tasha?” Ash flatly tosses as the girl and name jump into his brain cells.
“Taken.” Drake swiftly bats.
“O! How about Janet?” Ash calmly pitches.
“Taken.” Drake rudely kicks back.
“O! How about you go stag?” Ash wisely proposes.
“Unacceptable…,” Josh barks like a Coon dog in place of Drake’s baritone trombone then writes a couple of words inside his notepad data from his open Latin textbook.
Ash neck snaps skull to Josh, asking politely. “Why not, Josh?”
“How about Diane?” Josh subject changes, pondering the next pretty thing in his mental line-up of “OK” girls that attends Homewood High.
“Taken.” Drake loudly punts.
Ash funs then chuckles. “How about you stay home, Drake?”
Josh stops writing with his ink pen then chin whips his face at Ash, viciously attacking like an eagle at its prey. “Unacceptable.”
Ash cuts his green pupils to Josh, questioning with a fatherly tone. “Why does he need to come if Drake doesn’t have a date, Josh?”
Josh holds upright his dirty index finger nail then proudly justifies. “This is the primo grand social function of the year at Homewood High…one….(holds second finger)….two…this is sponsored and hosted by Daddy Hatem.” Then, he ends with a big toothy grin.
Ash wisely lectures. “Drake said that his Dad ain’t coming, Josh. He won’t be there and definitely won’t be noticed absent since Daddy Hatem never has come to one dance in my presence.”
Josh wittingly insults, smirking with a set of crooked lips, right. “Might I generously point out that lots of things never come in your presence, Ashley Frances?”
Ash violently suggests. “Ya itching for a black eye, bloody nose or both, pal?”
“Cool down, dog.” Josh kids as he swings his face at the open Latin textbook and reads some of the English sub-titles that quickly identifies the definitions of the Latin words.
“Dad was ever present at all the Homecoming events when I was younger.” Drake sadly expresses, staring at Ash.
“Before your Mama…” Ash doesn’t finish.
“Yeah, before that…” Drake doesn’t remind.
“Drake cannot, will not, and won’t not…” Josh incorrectly rants, dropping the ink pen inside the middle of the open Latin textbook, marking his reading spot. 
“You failed AP English last year didn’t you, Josh?” Ash teases then chuckles.
Josh illustrates by starting with his index finger, listing socially. “The superstar quarterback, an academic scholar, and the billionaire teen bachelor is all’s required to attend his own party.” He holds the three finger pads with the three titles in the air, wiggling and grinning with duel talents.
“Ya failing your AP English classes…this year as well?” Josh teases then sniggers.
“Not my party…the High School’s dance and food.” Drake quickly corrects.
Ash twists his pink lips, left, shaking his light brown cropped hair side to side and narrows his eyelids as his Emerald green eyes peek-a-boo between the pink folds, repeating one of the three titles offered by Josh. “Billionaire teen bachelor….that sounds so wrong. How about teen billionaire bachelor? Naw. Only teen billionaire, ya don’t need the bachelor part, that’s for a group of elderly men like my Daddy…who ain’t a bachelor…just so’s ya know. He’s happily married to Mama...”
Drake playfully injects, eye burning Josh and smiles. “Who’s the babe I’m taking to the Homecoming dance, Josh?”
“Call Daddy?” Ash wisely advises.
Drake shakes his black skull like an Africa jungle lion. “No. No. No way. I don’t like his choice of…”
“Acquaintances.” Ash finishes then grins with a toothy smile at Drake.
Drake both compliments and chuckles with humor. “Good way to put it, Ash.”
“I’m working on it! Tonight, I…uh…I...,” Josh mysteriously solves then grins in a toothy smile at Drake as the bell loudly rings then chairs nosily scoots across the wooden floor as bodies briskly shuffle out the archway into the crowded hallway.
Ash slaps the butt of the empty soda bottle onto the table, proclaiming boldly. “We be coming over after school, Drake for snack, supper, and dinner listening to Josh’s solution for ya problem with the Dance.” He chuckles along with Drake as Josh smiles with a big toothy grin.
Evening. House. Drake Hatem. Bedroom. 62°F. 6:03p.m. Clear sky. DING. DING. Myra slowly opens one of the double front entrance doors of the Hatem Manor in Homewood, Alabama then sweetly smiles at the welcomed and cordial guests of Drake as Josh smiles with good tooth and nods his skull, once to Myra then horse gallops through the granite foyer, runs like a jack rabbit towards the center stairs and bolts like a thoroughbred race horse up to the third level floor which holds the private bedroom wing of Master Drake of Hatem Manor. 
Ash pauses for politeness his tallness at the archway and smiles sweetly at Myra then slowly steps forward in her face then upsweeps her small round body with a Teddy bear hug between his long arms and steel biceps as Myra giggles in his arms. 
10 years ago. Ash spends mega loads of his time in Myra’s and Drake’s company when his sister is diagnosed with terminal cancer. Ash’s Mom allows her son to be housed and raised by Myra and indirectly by Mrs. Drake while Ash lives within the Hatem Manor for three long years like a “pseudo-son” to nice Spanish spinster Myra and an annoying new “step-brother” to Drake. Drake and Ash likes to think each other as “real” brothers only without the shared blood molecules since Ash would do anything for the Hatem family tree that includes steal, cheat, lie….and other sinful acts.
Present. On each visit to the Hatem Manor, Ash seeks out his “other” maternal Mama as Myra gives him a loving light peck onto his right cheekbone within the Teddy bear hug to her beautifully tender-hearted “pseudo teenager son.” Ash gently drops Myra to the floor when she soldierly pivots towards the kitchen to finish her Nanny duties for the evening before leaving Drake alone at bedtime as Ash gently lopes likes a tall giraffe, towering his neck and skull above Myra’s skull, and following her into the kitchen as she rudely finger points at the large square tray filled with an assortment of short and tall bottles of chilled beverages and a variety of vertical and horizontal piles of sinful snack goodies for the boys to eat while they start their High School project.
Myra slowly spins her body to Ash for the new set of nightly instructions for the mischievous litter of Coon puppies alone inside the empty house with an outside detail of armed and well-paid bodyguards stationed at the Guard House which is parallel to the entrance street of the Hatem private driveway while Ash tries really hard but voices in a series of poor Spanish words. “Grace us...bono...it… fi…man…no…” Myra giggles with a girly tone and quickly cups her right hand over her open wiggling lips to silent her loud noise and disguise her improper gesture then slowly removes her hand and smiles sweetly at Ash.
Nine years ago. Ash is eager to learn a new foreign tongue while Myra unsuccessfully tries every four hours of the 24 hour day during the next three years to teach bright and smart Ashley Frances another different cultural language. However, some people don’t possess gifts of languages but gifts of love, instead which concludes Ash’s lesson of the one and only universal language that he needs for life.
Present. She smiles sweetly at the handsome muscular teen that talls at six feet and six inches with his light brown hair highlighted with tiny shades of blonde, Emerald happy green round pupils on his heart-shaped face of peach-beige skin that always holds a big wide smile of good teeth.
Myra inquires with a motherly tone. “Ash, what are you telling me? I can’t understand a word of your funny Spanish dialect coupled with your slow sounding Southern accent-o.” She giggles then motions horizontally with her right hand to Ash for a second try at speaking a new cultural language other then the encrypted football plays and convoluted American teen slang.
Ash nosily clears his throat, talking slo mo with the single Spanish word. “Grace…us.”
“Are you telling me ‘thanks’…in the Spanish language?” She smiles sweetly with a toothy grin since Myra has guessed correctly the foreign word without her eardrums hearing the proper Spanish pronunciation because Ash has practiced this particular greeting since 2007. Ash bobs his skull up and down several times like a draft mule in silence as Myra nicely articulates in her native tongue of Spanish. “Gracias…now you repeat that word back to me, Ash.”
“Gracie us….” Ash slurs with his big thick pink tongue coupled with his slo mo cowboy Southern draw as Myra giggles with a girly tone then quickly covers her curled lips with five finger pads while Ash humorously adds in his poor Spanish mixed with his good American tone. “Bono…o…bono…it…o.”
“Is the next Spanish word ‘bonito’…that translates into the English word ‘good’?” Myra easily guesses, smiling brightly and flipping her hand back and forth for a ‘good job’ signal as Ash nods his skull, once in silent acceptance.
“I want it to translate into ‘pretty’ then I want to add the word fee….man…no.” Ash voices in funny baritone trombone, ending with his goofy grin of both love and contentment to Myra then he places all his funky sounds together, voicing. “Cheek-o, grace us…bono...it...o…fee...man...no.”
Myra giggles at his usual flawed performance but continues to encourage Ash’s sweet willingness to try something new. “Very close, allow me to repeat it.” Ash nods his skull in silence with eternal patience and student eagerness as Myra voices. “Chico…gracias, bonito femenino…” Then, she wrinkles her forehead, funny, translating the Spanish phrase into a proper English sentence, announcing wildly. “I’m not a pretty doll…Ash.”
Ash lightly taps her left cheekbone, softly wording his devotion. “You’ll always be one to me, Myra.” He swings around her round body then gently lifts the heavy tray into the air.
Myra compliments. “You’re a sweet boy, Ash but never, ever speak a different language. You don’t yet have the lip flapping usage of the proper accents or correct pronunciations. With your funky tongue movements and Southern accent, you could conjure up Satan’s granddaughter by mistake.” She chuckles, moving to gather her purse and car keys from the side table for her trip back home to her house four streets to the west of the Hatem Manor as Ash spins his body around to face Myra with a pair of twisted pink lips, ugly.
Ash mysteriously ponders. “Satan don’t have a granddaughter, does he?”
Myra chuckles then briefly clarifies. “A very old expression that translates into a teenager’s meaning of ‘wrong doings.’ ” She rudely direct points her red manicured index finger at food tray between Ash’s folded hands, ordering firmly. “Please bring the tray and all the related trash items downstairs to the kitchen. The last time, you little boys ate in Drake’s bedroom he was attacked by ants as they partied on the floor and his bed coverings with the spoiled and spilled grocery store remnants.” She moves her body sideways towards garage door for her car then leaves Good-bye with a backward left hand wave to Ash.
Ash shouts before the door shuts. “Promise, Myra. I’ll personally bring the tray to the kitchen. Good night! Drive safely home!” He smoothly exits the archway, heaving the tray onto his left shoulder like an underpaid restaurant waiter towards Drake’s room while reviewing and chuckling at his unsuccessfully attempt to talk in a foreign language.
Bedroom. Third floor. 6:32am. “Complete, utter, silly, nonsense…Josh.” Drake rattles the single paper in his right hand as he musically thumps the pressed wood with his left index finger and thumb.
“Hey, don’t screw up the paper! I can’t read the dang words…,” Josh whines like he stepped his cowboy boots in a pile of fresh brown puppy poop, finishing strong and victoriously, “…for my ‘Babe Project’.”
He swiftly extracts the torn notebook page with the scribbled blue words before Drake totally destroys his hard day’s work of face sweat and pretend tears then cuddles it like a small child into his chest for love and protection. Josh has spent all his school homework hours looking up each Latin word, translating their proper meaning since his ‘real’ Latin teacher doesn’t exist at least in terms of flesh and blood at Homewood High School to aid him along with the truthful fact that Mr. Demuth wouldn’t help with Josh’s personal secret project.
“Snack time…,” Ash calls, parking the heavy tray on top of the four-chaired Pub table that locates on the east wall of the master bedroom then loudly pops open the new chilled can of Dr. Pepper then nosily rips the wrapping paper of the nutritious chocolate and peanut butter Power Bar down the middle. He slowly crams the food into his parted lips, staring studiously at Josh and Drake fighting with their distorted body language and loud verbal catfight calls.
The master bedroom sets at 120’ degrees North by 86’ degrees West. Okay! The entire Hatem Manor represents that accurate geographical altitude and longitude coordinators while the manor…maybe a castle is the proper English term was the last present for Drake at Christmas time from his Mama before she died and ascended happily into her new home in Heaven.
Nine months ago. Mama spends all her time designing, decorating, and doting on the details with Drake for his new home of Hatem Manor which has seven bedrooms and eight bedrooms that located on two levels, the second and the third floors. The first level houses the Kitchen space, a formal Dining Room, the great Living Room, a Library, a Movie Room, the six-car garage, and a swimming pool. The boys only mess up the Master Bedroom, the Movie Room and the Kitchen along with the associated area of the Bathroom facilities.
The Master Bedroom measures 150 feet lengthwise from the east to west wall which is three big semi-tractor trailers lined side by side and 150 feet across from the north to south wall, which is  one sideways railroad car going across the tracks. The height space consumes 25 feet from Heaven (Drake’s ceiling) down to Hell (Drake’s floor) which is big enough for a teen to whomp four hundred tennis balls across to another teen over a three-feet high net.
The east wall displays a gigantic “dead King somebody of France” real replica royal sleeping bed frame with four 15-feet high white Granite smooth columns (making a square) embedded with tiny speckled golden flakes (not real mineral gold). The iron (real mineral of Earth) canopy is draped in a set of four separate heavy thick, and girly soft velveteen Hunter green curtains which are outlined on the top panels in prettily gold fabric trimmings that ends with a pair of big sissy golden tassels.
Inside the comfy dark cocoon created by the four Hunter green curtains, there are two thick layers of silk solid-golden bed coverings with thirteen Satin pillows where one King-sized cotton pillow is used for Drake’s skull resting along with the 800-thread count of golden-colored Satin sheets that covers under Drake’s princely bee_hind and over Drake’s kingly….ya get the pic.
Myra complains with unending pleasure about the dirty smelly mattress sheet every Sunday morning after Saturday’s morning laundry duties are done to Drake so there are built-in vertical and horizontal assorted storage doors and store cabinets that occupy the rest of the west wall hiding Drake’s dirty clothes and other secret stuff that Drake has forgotten about until found by Myra.
The north wall displays a set of six double-sided French doors which are fancy weirdly 2-D squared glass plates built between the wood door frames since Ash believes that only girls should use French doors but he dropped his personal opinion when Mrs. Hatem ordered the merchandise to decorate Drake’s man cave.
The French doors are set apart every 50 feet which is (for ya’ll mathematically-challenged dorks) 150 feet divided by three that equals 50 feet of space between the side edges of the yellow stained wooden frames while the 50 feet of free space between the sissy French door occupies with set of nicely hand-crafted built-in wooden vertical or/and horizontal shelve units.
The shelf units contain Drake’s tacky Geology Rock Exhibition from the 4th Grade when he won second place in the school’s Science Fair along with thousands of silver and gold-plated trophies, hundreds of green spotted paper certificates, ten red vertical ribbons, and one single bronze medal from his various sporting conquests since he was born.
There are billions of pictures framed of him and his family members and well-bred boyhood pals and millions of musical, theatrical, adventure, horror, comedy, mystery, historical, and religious CD’s along with hundreds of small electronics toys for listening to music, gaming for entertainment and surfing the Internet and one cell phone next to the computer laptop and computer related other junk that comes with that.
The west wall decorates a king-sized water bed with a cool-looking black lighted head board and matching double shelf foot board when Drake got hurt from a bruising quarterback sneak last year in the Homewood vs. Vestavia Hills Center Regional Football Game Playoffs in November. Homewood High lost the playoff game when Drake received a pinched nerve in his neck from the brutal illegal defensive lineman tackle then his private and highly paid physicians, nurses, accountants, and lawyers purchased a soft and cushy water bed for his medical and physical recuperation until December.
Now, when Ash and Josh are invited to stay over at the Hatem Manor normally after their weekend midnight curfew with the lovely female species, they verbally cat fight and physically dog fight over the 100% custody rights of the darn water bed for the night.
Besides the water bed covering one-third of wall space, there are three 62-inched plasma TVs. One plasma screen continuously shows on the local Cable station one of the naughty porn TV programs while the second plasma displays an active porn program set up on Satellite dish. The third plasma runs the illegal porn flick by an independent vendor, compliments of Mr. Hatem’s highly paid and smart body guards for Drake since growing teens need constant stimulation to learn in any and all educational environments. The rest of the floor, wall to the corner is covered with thousands of educational, musical, action, death, adventure, historical entertainment DVD’s and electronic games and attached junk for the game boxes.
Between the east and west walls, there are life-sized electronic arcade toys that imitate car racing, snow ski jumping, aerial fighter jetting, ocean water surfing, game pinball, western gun shoot-outs, outer space alien attacks, and war helicopter flying.
The south wall has two hidden door for bathrooms on each end of the wall intersection with a separate vertical shower stall, and horizontal bathtub and bidet which is a French word for cleaning your bee_hindie with splashing fresh smelling perfumed water after you…ya know. 
Ash likes to use the French word “lavabo” for bathroom because he’s trying to practice a new foreign language to get multiple scholarships in both sports and academic in College. There are two lavabos as Ash would say and between the lavabos, slightly more towards Drake’s bed frame there’s a set of secretly disguised doors that appear part of the yellow plastered wall with a big hidden secret space of 20 feet long by 15 feet comprising a “girly” walk-in closet with numerous built-in vertical and horizontal shelves. The shelves house nine various colored clean and folded cotton long or short-sleeved T-shirts and six pairs of various faded to dark blue jeans and four pairs of shoes, Sunday best black leathers, worn soft tan flip-flops, brown and blue Ostrich cowboy boots, and white athletic shoes.
In the middle of the south wall, slightly away from Drake’s bed frame and between about shoe foot marker of 95 feet to 125 feet, there’s a Pub table for displaying short and tall stacks of edible stuff stuffs, while rudely chowing down your food, and drinking your beverages with your pals. The long ten table holds six people with easy and parallel to the table is a complete Living Room suite of two sofas, six chairs in cherry leather fabric dotted with three coffee tables and four side tables in cherry wood for doing school homework…or in this case, finding Drake a date for the Homecoming dance.
Drake soldierly stands in front of the sofa, scrubbing both his palms over unshaven face, asking honestly. “Did you pay someone for that garbage, Josh?”
“I’m smart. I get ‘B’s.’ I figured it out all by myself.” Josh princely poses with a big ole grin on his handsome mug, holding the paper in the air near his T-shirt for protection while he eye burns Drake and finger points at the first Latin word, proudly.
“Josh, if you have under paid someone then I’ll probably get an email or phone call or a face-to-gun visit for blackmail or ransom or something illegal and dangerous to…” He pauses for drama then mice-squeaks. “ME.” He sighs then breathes, deeply and demands. “Did ya tell them the curse was wanded on me?”
“No curse, man…it’s a charm…,” Josh corrects, shaking his buzz cut side to side with a pained facial expression.
“What curse, what charm? What’da ya steal, pal?” Ash slaps his big naked feet onto the beautifully soft white carpet section composing the Living Room setting as he stands next to Josh. He has ditched his cowboy boots and stinky foot socks outside on the front porch since they are covered in horse shit, hay needles, and wet grass finishing up his last duty of the day by hustling the baby calves into the protective grassy pastures with their Mama’s for his Daddy.
Josh neck snaps his skull at Ash, sneering like a junk yard dog and threats. “I don’t steal…any thing…from any one…at any time, Ash. But….I might steal a punch or two with my fist…(presents right folded fist)…into your head to rattle your sleeping brain cells.”
Drake relentlessly torments Josh for added information. “Did you pay what…a witch…a psychic…a priest…another weird-o? How much did you spend, Josh? Where’s my wallet?” He manly struts to the Oak writing desk, tossing each horizontal drawer open looking for his misplaced bank ATM card.
Drake will run to the bank for more cash since someone that Josh has carelessly employed to translate these silly Latin words will be visiting the Manor later tonight for additional monetary compensation as he snorts like a wild boar. That’s always the case with a billionaire! People quickly learn that billionaires will pay them to keep their mouths shut…sometimes for years, decades, and centuries.
Josh pleas, shaking his skull side to side. “I didn’t give anything to my sister, Jose….this time. Boy Scout honor…(holds his three finger pads up)….ya know that she likes to visit those weird-o fortune tellers outside the dir clay grounds of Five Points Station on these rotten picnic tables. Ya know, Five Points Station is that mythological place in the center of metro city Birmingham where weird-o strange events occur every night of the week, including Sunday. Jose keeps asking the old lady that has jaw jouls like a Basset Hound if’an ya going to marry her, Drake. The old lady says no…not Jose but you’ll get married to some weird-o chick that likes the Devil…or some silly nonsense….”
Drake neck snaps his skull to Josh, crinkling his forehead, ugly and smart-asses. “What!?”
“I translated the words…myself…from our Latin books. We’re all getting ‘A’s, remember? Gonna look good on my report for my Daddy.” Josh confesses, grinning with a toothy smile then presents a set of dead pan straight pin lips, studying the wrinkled notebook paper between his hands with eyeballs. 
Ash toe crawls on the thick soft wool carpet to Josh, thief snatching the wrinkled single page of paper from Josh’s finger pads, trying to the read the first funny foreign word. “Ex...”
Josh tenderly plows both two open palms into his wrinkled paper and Ash’s chest, shoving gently Ash from the thick carpet, since Josh doesn’t want to rip the delicate torn sheet, warning. “No…don’t read the words…we have to light the candle….first.”
Drake neck snaps his skull at Josh, parting his lips like a chicken then commands. “No Josh! No candles in the house. I can’t find the landline in time to call the fire truck.”
Ash swings his body at Drake, who works out at the next set of desk drawers like a new weight training program then intrigues. “Where’s your cell phone, Drake?”
“In the car…,” Drake honestly lies, searching another drawer for his Bank’s personal money ATM card.
“Why’s your cell, a very important part of a teen’s world…in the car, Drake?” Ash inquires but knows the real answer.
Drake purposefully ignores the imposed question from Ash then body spins his tallness from the writing desk and eye burns Josh, holding his Bank green-colored ATM card in the air then demands. “Josh, how much did you pay for that magical curse? I want to gauge the amount of cash I need to withdraw from the bank…2,000, 3,000 or 5,000.”
“It’s not a curse, Drake. It’s a sweet innocent charm for getting you a girl for the big Homecoming Dance. And I didn’t pay anyone. I created it myself…for free. Ya know, free of charge.” Josh chuckles and smiles, bobbing his skull up and down several times like a circus pony while holding the wrinkled paper into his chest away from Ash’s spidery finger pads then hopes. “However, if this works, ya’ll pay me, right…Drake?”
Drake musically puffs. “Pfft!”
“Don’t you have money in your wallet, Drake?” Ash honestly questions.
“No.” Drake huffs musically, staring at Josh.
“No.” Ash quickly repeats the wrong word.
“No, I do not have money on me.” Drake coolly clarifies.
“Is there money in the house’s wall safe behind the picture of forest deer?” Ash annoys.
“No.” Drake puffs musically, staring at Josh.
“How much money did you give away…for today, Drake?” Ash knows that Drake is a very good heavenly Soul, living on Planet Earth, even without all Drake’s billions of George Washington’s inside the local bank’s vault.
Drake slices a set of brown eyes at Ash and yelps like a Mama dog. “Enough, pup.”
“Plus the cell phone…,” Ash adds then shakes his skull side to side, chuckling and eye burning his naked toe bones.
Josh suddenly stops fiddling with his grocery bag paper sack of secret goodies, neck snapping his skull and worries with deep concern. “Ya gave your personal cell phone to the street bums. Your cell bill’s going to revel the US ceiling debt that currently stands at $24 trillion dollars, and counting towards the heavens...(smiles)….good thing, you’re a billionaire teen bachelor.” He chuckles and returns his face and eyeballs back into the grocery bag paper sack, rattling the secret contents towards the top of lip.
Drake quickly retorts. “No, I gave the cell to the new receptionist at the Church’s Mission Center for the homeless…and.”
Ash injects friendly, smiling. “Drake, you’re the most generous teen billionaire I know, since I’s only knows one. But, hoss….you really need to consult with your high-paid arrogant legal lawyers before giving away money stuff. The dress shirts…”
Josh chuckles then flips his face towards Ash, updating. “Did ya read the latest Quartet ebook by that new writer pen named as ipam?” He grins ear to ear, bobbing his skull up and down several times, sharing. “Sawyer’s a hoot. I love that guy. Drake reminds me of Berrington, thou…what’da ya think, man?”
“Yeah, that’s one of Tom’s gentlemanly coined phrases.” Ash nods his skull, once in agreement, elaborating with his personal opinions pleasantly. “I find the eBooks intriguing, interesting, and interluding with their complicated plots of sensitive…like me…and hard snot-hole guy personalities…like me, too. I’m similar…to…Tom…I think.”
“Naw.” Josh puffs musically, shaking his buzz cut sideways as he lifts each item from the bag laying on top of the table, and verifying his sack filled goodies for Drake’s ritual.
“Yeah, he’s genius smart, handsome…funny…like me.” Ash finger points at his slightly soiled clay red T-shirt, while confirming then chuckles like a clown.
Josh counters and shakes his buzz cut sideways. “No, man. You’re more like Mangrove, studious, dependable…reliable.” He confirms the right number of items then gently returns each object back into the grocery bag.
Ash counters clock wises. “Not Frank, I’s be more similar to Stu…being an outdoorsy guy…and all’s…”
Josh re-counters clockwise. “Maybe, 50% Mangrove and 50% Gage, but I’m definitely 100% Sawyer…blonde, tall, good looking, funny, smart…”
Ash quickly returns. “You’re not a lawyer, Josh.”
Josh swiftly punts then eye ball matches with Ash. “My post school goal is ‘lawyering.’ ”
Drake walks between Ash and Josh who stand at two corners of the small Pub table, folding his naked biceps arms over clean T-shirt, lecturing quickly in deep baritone. “Back to business…”
Ash and Josh look at each other, smiling goofy then simultaneously name. “Berrington.” The three alpha males rapidly shift their narrowed eyelids at each other while traveling with single railroad train speed baritone laughter.
Drake suddenly stops laughing then shakes his skull sideways, asking innocently. “Who’s Berrington?” Then, he and Ash hoot like a pair of mating woodlands Spotted Brown Owls as Josh claps both his hands for attention.
Josh commands. “Let’s do this.” He nosily rambles into his grocery-sized paper goody bag for the paper instructions then kneecaps his body and the bag upon the wooden part of the flooring in Drake’s master bedroom. He carefully pulls each item from the bag and then gently lays the object upon floor with tender loving car as Drake carefully observes his loco poco friend.
Ash picks up the lonely wrinkled and stained ripped single sheet from Josh’s notebook that locates on top of the Pub table right beside the missing grocery bag of surprises, studying the odd words, judging quickly. “This doesn’t look like a curse to me.”
“It’s a charm.” Josh smoothly reminds as he continues to measure with hands and finger pads then lays out each item on the floor.
Drake harmfully predicts and finger points at mess that Josh is creating in his bedroom. “Blackmail to me. What ya doing, Josh? Told ya…no candles. No flames. No fire. No fire trucks. No house. Poof!” he demos the conceptual event with rocketing his hands together then separating his finger pads like an exploding missile in the air as Ash and Josh ignore his silly banter.
Josh honestly updates, sweet breathing his lips upon the wooden floor as he adjusts the small candle into a straight pin line with the other items. “Candles are important. Paired with words…the Latino words.”
Ash chuckles then correctly corrects. “Not Latino, you meant to say Latin. Latino is the language of a person living in South American. Latin is the language of Angels…Demons and religious beings…”
“Dorks, I have Donald Duck and Duffy Duck for Bama childhood friends.” Drake wittingly comments, weighing one of the extra short thick white waxy candles from the grocery bag inside his right palm.
“See….I’s set all the candles on the wood part instead of the carpet….for safety.” Josh instructs, finger pointing at each candle for show.
“Smokey the bear cub…” Ash teases, while studying the paper then slices his eyeballs and studies Josh’s odd formation of his tiny candles.
“Says three apart…,” he reads out loud from a second sheet of ripped notebook paper between his finger pads then neck snaps his skull to Ash, commanding. “Scoot the sofa over for more room…man.” Then, Josh parks his elbows on the wood, sweet breathing on the candles while he carefully re-arranges the candles for the proper presentation of the ritual.
Ash faithfully obeys. “Okay.” He lets the wrinkled and stained sheet of paper gently float down from tallness then it tenderly lands on top of the third candle wick as Josh violently snatches the paper from the candle then grunts like a wounded animal at Ash’s carelessness.
Drake squats on kneecaps then swiftly retrieves the wrinkled and stained paper from Josh’s left hand then stands and read the Latin words upside down by mistake while he intrigues. “Who taught you how to do this thing, Josh?”
Ash man-pulls the short sofa towards the wall from the upcoming fiery candles agreeing that Josh could burn the house down if not properly supervised by his bestest buds then soldierly stands, wiping the small amount of sweat from his forehead. He twists his lips, funny pondering the odd words then concludes. “Hey, Josh, it’s a chant…in Latin…not a charm.”
“It’s a charm.” Josh properly corrects, pampering his candle collection.
“Ex…,” Ash sings the first Latin word of the chant in tenor trumpet.
Josh neck snaps his skull at Ash then growls like a wounded animal and violently reprimands. “Don’t read the words out loud, man. The charm’s for Drake, only for Drake.” Ash shrugs his board shoulders, once for the verbal reprimand then slowly walks and guard-like hovers over Josh’s skull like he going to bird crap on his hair as he watches Josh baby the tiny candles like a matching set of Football Heisman’s trophies with his right hand then Josh uprights his torso re-reading the paper instructions between his finger pads.
Drake can read the Latin words once he turned the paper in the right direction but doesn’t understand the English translation then dangerously asks his loco poco pal, Josh. “What does this little short and sweet charm do for Drake, only for Drake?”
“Give you luck, man.” Josh proudly announces, chuckling with his cool idea.
“Hey, I can use some luck….too.” Ash bobs his skull up and down several times while requesting with greed.
Josh stops his immediate task then neck snaps his skull at Ash, complimenting awesomely. “Ash, man…ya be the luckiest son of the gun on the planet.”
Ash presents duck lips, ugly with folded fists parked on his narrow hips then confuses. “How figure?”
“Who ya taking to the dance?” Josh smiles and interrogates.
“Jessica.” Ash proudly answers.
“The prettiest girl in our dang school.” Josh compliments. “What’s your GPA?”
“4.0 plus.” Ash proudly answers.
“Highest honor student in our dang school.” Josh compliments more. “Where ya going to college?”
“Burn U.” Ash proudly announces.
“Best darn college football team in the nation.” Josh compliments with the greatest compliment of all times then snorts like a wild boar. “See, ya the luckiest son of the gun on the planet…ya don’t need luck Ash, Drake does.” Josh thrusts his arms into the air like a football touchdown then chuckles along with Ash.
“You’re really weird Josh.” Drake annoys and presents duck lips, ugly.
Ash proclaims with a much better solution. “Call Daddy, Drake…get ya a tall sexy model…”
Drake spits, hotly. “No.”
“But…make sure the Angelic Madonna can two-step with our country redneck melodies.” Ash adds then giggles like a girl.
Josh soldierly stands, presses his gathered jeans down along his long legs, examining his nifty handy work and doubling-checks the instructions on his sheet of paper then reads out loud. “Candles are spread six inches apart or…as close as I can figure.” He chuckles then commands. “Next, sit on the floor in front of the candles….,” He finger points at the wood.
Ash annoys for fun while smiling. “Indian style, legs crossed, knees bent, yoga style, spread eagle, how does Drake sit in the floor, Josh?”
“No.” Drake bitterly bites, staring studiously at three white candles on wood with his biceps folded over his T-shirt.
“Legs crossed is best…Josh.” Ash wisely decides for both Josh and Drake.
“No.” Drake huffs musically, not obeying.
“Legs crossed so he can reach the candles, Josh.” Ash wisely decides for both Josh and Drake.
Ash sings. “Hmm! You should change into your shorts so you can flex your legs better for the actual ritual, Drake.” While Josh reads the paper then Ash chuckles and Drake twists his lips, ugly while shaking his skull side to side disobeying all the presented decisions by Ash.
Josh nosily thumps the paper then reverses Ash’s decisions. “Naw, Ash. Drake might get leg cramps and ruin my vibe thingy.”
“No.” Drake spits, hostile-like.
Ash chuckles then amuses, extending his arm and wiggling his finger pads. “Come on, Drake! This is so amusing listening to Josh’s vibe thingy.” Then he chuckles with delight as Josh stands looks at his display.
“No.” Drake spits, more hostile-like with biceps folded over his T-shirt, not obeying any commands from silly Ash and strange Josh.
“I’m serious. This charm’s going to get you a girl for the dance.” Josh eye burns Drake, promising with a biggy smile of white teeth.
“Pretty or ugly one…?” Ash curiously options.
“One of the pretty girl at school…,” Josh proudly answers.
“Are you certain?” Ash puzzles, arching his brown eyebrow, left.
“Promise, a pretty one…,” Josh confidently answers as he shifts his fingernails behind his back muscles then crosses both finger and toe nails.
Ash neck snaps his skull at Drake, complimenting bitterly. “You’re so shallow, Drake.”
“I try.” Drake proudly agrees.
Ash sings. “Hmm! What pretty girls are left and available at school for the Homecoming Dance next Friday night?” He purses his pink lips, tightly while pondering the mental thought.
“Well, there’s…,” Drake slowly starts, dropping his jaw line as both eyeballs from Drake and Ash meet each other faces then they shout in baritone. “Lissa Landers.”
Josh eye burns Drake, smacking his eyelids upright and holds upright his three finger pads in the air, promising brotherly. “Scout’s honor, Drake, this will not attract Lissa. I promise with crossed hearts and strong milk bones…not Lissa. No way! No how! No boy.” He shakes his blonde buzz cut sideways.
Drake tosses his arms with his exposed palms in the air, shaking his skull sideways, exclaiming very nervously. “Not happening, Josh!”
“Then…you’re game, Drake?” Ash finely debates and chuckles at the slight position indication.
“Maybe.” Drake meekly remarks and winks his eyelid, right at Ash as Ash chuckles like a clown and smiles along with Drake.
“I’m almost ready for the male ritual.” Josh back steps from his candle collection, proclaiming proudly and finger points to the wooden floor.
Ash neck snaps his skull at Drake, while chuckling and re-adjusts. “I think he means to say ‘mate’ ritual.” Drake roller balls his pupils deeply into the rear of his skull as Ash eye burns Josh, annoy more for fun. “Sooo…does Drake practice, first?”
Josh viciously attacks, swatting his hands and arms at a set of invisible gnat in the air. “No, we don’t practice. Drake lights the candles and reads the words…plain and simple.” He neck snaps his skull at Ash, complimenting bitterly. “Quit being a smart-hole, Ash.”
“Are you certain that it’s not…read the words, first then light the candles. Some of those occult rites have particular evil ways to access the evil princess or monster...depending on which one Drake feels like taking to the Homecoming Dance next Friday night.” Ash theorizes just to befuddle Josh for fun and frighten Drake for more fun then chuckles with an evil baritone trombone as he eye burns the tiny three candles upon the wooden floor.
Josh wrinkles his forehead, ugly and accepts the wrinkled and stained paper holding the Latin words from Drake then narrows his eyelids, re-reading the proper ritual instructions then announces. “I am hundred percent absolutely positively certain that Drake lights each candle, first then reads the associated sentence that I have brilliantly translated from our Latin textbook into this page….today during all my academic classes expect at football practice. Coach would kick my a…”
“Good enough, ready Drake.” Ash leads as new leader then smiles at Drake.
“No.” Drake puffs musically while he eye burns the first candle.
Josh smoothly glides his naked feet to the far left position of the first candle then orders. “Sit down…here…” Josh squats on his knees then tenderly pats the edge of carpet that is far away from the candles as Drake shifts from table and huffs then puffs with breathes musically.
Drake realizes from Ash’s bold comments that this is only pure entertainment purposes for Josh’s benefit since he has went to the trouble of setting up the stupid something ritual thing as Drake winks his eyelid, right at Ash then Ash chuckles as they both kneecap their bodies on the ream of the carpet next to each other.
Josh is regally posed like a concrete lion on the left of Drake while Ash kneecaps like a gargoyle statue on the right of Drake then Drakes slaps his hands on top of his folded legs and stares at the first candle. Josh violently shakes the tiny box of read wooden fire matches next to his smiling lips as Ash giggles like a girl at the silly Hollywood pic. Drake twists his lips, ugly viciously jerking the box of real matches and pre-offered single page of paper from Josh’s ten finger pads.
Josh commands and finger points at the object. “Light the first candle on my side.” Drake does that as Josh orders. “Read the first line on that page…,” Drake silently scans the paper with his eyeballs as Josh yells. “Out loud, man.” Ash speeds his loud baritone timbre with a sports car rumble of obnoxious laughter as Drake pouts his lip, silly then Josh wrinkles his forehead, ugly.
“No. Snot-hole…” Drake swiftly scoots his body backwards on the knee pads of his jeans from the carpet away from the lighted candle before standing, knocking, and catching his house on fire with the small amount of real flames.
“Plan ‘B’ Ash.” Josh quickly hollers, swiftly grabbing Drake’s left bicep with his ten finger pads as Ash viciously attacks with both his hands upon Drake’s right bicep then they, three violently twist, and turn for three second then successfully spin Drake flat upon his back muscles. Ash and Josh smoothly plant their bodies onto Drake’s chest and legs as he views the arched ceiling for pesky flying insects.
Ash chuckles with delight as Josh bad breathing into Drake’s face. “Read the darn paper, Drake.”
“We’re not letting go until you finish this, bro.” Ash chuckles at the funny event, while slapping his right muscular leg onto Drake’s right calf as Drake whines like a little girl.
Drake ferociously jerks his limited human strength of arms and legs left and then right, gritting painfully his top and bottom teeth molars since his is strategically body pinned between the Homewood High School’s super star football offensive end and the super star football defensive lineman. Their two bodies total mathematical over 450 pounds of body pressure, heavy muscle and strong density bones that covers his very limited 224 pound frame as Drake huffs then puffs musically, narrowing his eyelids on the paper in his right hand.
“Ex lucem ferre…,” Drake reads out loud as ordered by Josh while Josh lights the middle candle.
Josh spit, hotly. “Next.”
“Ad incendia rutilus…,” Drake words then Josh lights the last candle.
Josh spits, hotly. “Last part.”
“Hic ater angelus.” Drake finishes reading the last sentence on the paper then Josh blows out in three individual heavy puffs each burning candle on the wooden floor as Ash roars like an African jungle lion with baritone trombone laughter, moving off Drake’s legs. Drake uprights and bends at his wrist from his flatten position, slicing eyeballs left then right and cursing strongly at his lifetime school pals.
Ash swiftly stands, pre-offering his hand to Drake as Josh slides his knees side to side, collecting the burnt candles on a small glass tray then carefully stands from the completed task with the delicate contents and swiftly trots into the master bathroom to run cold water over the heated wicks.
Drake violently threatens in baritone trombone. “Are you two girls done for the evening?”
Ash chuckles, updating with a happy smile. “Yeah, I gots a date with Jessica.” Josh slowly emerges from the bathroom, wrapping carefully the cold candles in the thick cloth then shuffles to the floor and collects his remaining property items.
Josh and Ash fist-bump their hands together and chuckle like farm turkeys as Josh wishes success to Drake’s gritting bitter smile. “Your luck runneth over, man. See ya at school…Monday morning meeting your new hot date for Homecoming.” Josh quickly dumps the stuff into the paper bag then sweeps the bag into his left arm like holding a baby while he smiles goofy and bobs his skull up and down several times with his celebratory victory of the ritual.
Ash announces wildly for all eardrums. “Drake might find her this weekend, Josh. What’s your 
plans, bro?”
“Lay low, read…maybe a movie…,” Drake softly words, surveying the drying candle wax on the wooden floor while Myra might inquire about that weird substance on Monday afternoon after his football practice from school.
Ash invites. “You’re welcome to join me and Jessica, tonight. We’re seeing a new action flick.”
“No thanks.” Drake softly words, pondering how to clean up the drying candle wax from the wooden floor without Myra’s finding it, first.
“Forget…coming with me, three’s company with saucy Jennifer…later, gator.” Josh nosily rattles the full paper bag in his left arm then quickly chit-chats his dismissal and motions his right hand using some invisible geometric symbols only Josh knows then exits the bedroom archway.
Drake walks and wishes the final good-byes and good-lucks to his pals at the front door of Hatem Manor then securely closes and locks it for the night as he sighs and breathes deeply.
Normally, during the weekend nights, he’s with Lissa as they get some food, grab a movie, and spend the rest of the evening exploring each other’s body parts until her curfew at midnight by her overprotective Daddy. Drake chuckles and always remembers to be very cautious and careful with the daughter of a police officer.
In one single mental thought, Drake realizes his busy days and nights of using and abusing Lissa has ended but he doesn’t really mind since Drake does not possess Soulful love for Lissa. He doesn’t really hate Lissa, either but he does really feel comfortable with Lissa, not comfortable enough for marriage rings or college books as he snorts like a wild boar.
Drake hasn’t formally laid out his plans for college being a teen billionaire bachelor or billionaire teen bachelor as Josh likes to proclaim but his Dad strongly hints about Drake joining the company firm and begin learning the world of business which Drake will eventually inherit. Drake concludes that this his future, his Dad’s empire of power and greed just like his Dad.
Drake safely double checks each sealed windows and bolted doors before bouncing his bare feet up the stairs into his bedroom, planning to finish the new science fiction novel he purchased yesterday and then retire like an old man for the evening as he snorts like a red bull.
Saturday morning. Bedroom. Midnight. 46°F. Waxing Quarter moon. Cloudy night. Cool. Crash. Boom. Pop! Drake violently jerks upright upon his bony elbows, blinking once, twice then thrice more solid artificial light into his star-spangled eyeballs. The faint exterior light from the outside hallway shines and sparkles every night into the dark corners of his room for both protection and safety. One reason is not to carelessly trip over the paddles of junk on the dark floor and two is not to accidentally rip the heavy curtain off the bed frame railing as green streaks of faint golden patterns illuminate into a thick velveteen fabric before his 20/15 vision.
Drake swiftly tosses back the edge of the heavy curtain to the right side then lounges like Queen Cleopatra sideways on the bed mattress, listening with his acute eardrums as his eyelids smack upright with shock as his ear drums confirm vocal sounds. Faint. High. Far.
He slowly stands, allowing his numb legs to adjust to his pre-dawn sleeping muscles then his eyeballs quickly adjust to the faint light in his bedroom as the noise targets within the interior of his bedroom somewhere between the east to west walls. He cocks his skull to the left, listening with eardrums as his mind figures out the pinpointed sound comes exclusively from west wall. Near. Low. Loud.
He grabs his dirty T-shirt from the chair overlaying over his naked chest and lucky that he has fallen asleep in his dirty jeans from school…again. Drake inhales then exhales, deeply, fighting the tension and fear inside his sharp mind and his shaky arms as he jerks the wooden baseball bat out from under the bed, lifting it parallel to the floor at his shoulder height ready for an impeding surprise attack.
He could contact the two trustworthy, dependable, and highly paid security guards posted at the Manor’s entrance gate, if he be a wussie baby. Instead, Drake wants to investigate the noisy disturbance first hand, and then run like a toddler wetting his dry diapers for help, following up with a girly screaming out the bolted front door to the paid help.
Drake slowly exits out the first set of doors from his room, exposing his body partial to the lighted hallway and keeping wisely his body inside the lighted empty hallway for an open and accessible an emergency escape. He lightly creeps on his two arched footballs close to the wall, stopping every two feet, scanning with his eyeballs the front wall then neck snapping his skull behind his shoulder to the rear wall while he intensively listens and studiously watches for any dangerous and quick-draw movements. Clear. Low. Close. Loud.
He quickly assesses the audio sound that locates clearly at the end of the west wall near the TV units and expensive electronic equipment while swiftly concluding that thieves are inside Hatem Manor stealing the electronics. Not possible!
The house is sealed tight and right while Drake checked then double-checked the locked doors and sealed windows then set the house alarm after Ash and Josh left his property driving away in their trucks. No one could have entered from the outside woodlands without tripping the house alarm then someone has entered from the inside basement door. Yeah…a spy.
Drake gracefully dances on foot balls swiftly to the second entrance door of his bedroom, strikingly poses for readiness at curved archway as he bravely ventures to scan the dark section, peeking his eyeballs around the expensive wooden frame then sees a dark figure helplessly flounders inside the shallow depths of the waterbed with a ceiling opening the size of a motorcycle over about the waterbed furniture where the intruder has crashed landed like an outer space meteorite.
He leaps, kitten-like onto the carpeted floor, splashing his naked toes in the cold water then leans his torso heavily into the broke part of the bed, surveying the mysterious person that lightly drowns in the water.
The person has fell fanny first, breaking the rubber mattress and lounging neck deep in the musky water as the arms and hands flap up and down like a wounded seagull, trying to displace the water from the face. The rest of the body covers in torn rubber material and waves of ripping water currents produced by swimming motions.
Drake powerfully jerks the flinging hands and arms into his chest, lifting the rest of hidden body over the busted bed frame and controls the panicked being from drowning then quickly wraps his strong biceps around her chest.
He instantly recognizes that the being as female since Drake has been probing physical girls at fourteen-years old with the permission and assistance of his Dad. The first difference between a boy and a girl is her softer skin, leaner muscles, and delicate bone structure especially if all above matter is lightly perfumed.
At six feet and six inches, weighting in at 224 pounds of taunt and tough steel muscles for surviving those sneaky quarterback attacks from opposing aggressive and over-hyped defensive linemen for kicks and bench pressing over 400 pounds of iron for strength then executing his infamous Hale Mary football passes for the winning football game, Drake ain’t no average teenager.
Drake places her active and kicking naked feet upright onto the floor as she fights against him while Drake snorts like a wild boar and amuses that this is his house, his bedroom, his bed…now his girl.
And his healthy biological body instantly realizes that she is completely wet and totally nude while tucked inside his steel biceps as she swiftly snips her mouth for more oxygen then calmly leans her face into his naked chest as his raging male hormones wildly react to their close together impromptu magical moment.
While Drake mentally flashes back that he had rolled his body into his dead King something bed frame, last night wearing his jeans then fell asleep from reading the new adventure book then had donned an open button down shirt over his arms and shoulders this morning to investigate the strange noise….her.
She swiftly attacks with her toes and feet as weapons at his stiff legs since his biceps wrap like a Christmas bow around her shoulders and waist then she talks with a funny accent. “Er tus ree cal pux…”
Drake tightens his manly grip around her shoulders making her stop moving and shaking her soft limbs then rumbles in his deep baritone trombone. “Calm down, gorgeous.” He snorts like a red bull then softly words into her left eardrum. “I rescued ya from drowning, honey. The least I can get is a…,” he chuckles with an evil chuckle then completes, “…thanks.”
She pulls back her shoulders away from his chest as Drake reduces his manly strength then she eye burns his male features. He smiles at her as she blinks once, twice then thrice her black thick eyelashes and totally faints, dropping her limp skull and body into Drake’s arms.
“Maybe, I’ll get that thank you… tomorrow.” He snorts like a wild boar, cradling her dead weight into his chest. Lucky for her that the complete darkness inside his bedroom prevents him a hot eye burn of her naked body with her warm sizzling soft skin taunting his naked chest.
He feels her feminine features which are very generous massaging his manly skin as his manly mind and his teenly hormones dance wild and free then he snorts like red bull and swiftly carries her to the sofa, grabbing the blanket then drapes it over her innocence.
Drake quickly pads his naked feet into the second bathroom, gathering two clean bath towels for her wet hair and her wet body. Last thing he needs is a sick and sneezing bathing beauty since he plans to collect on that “thank you” promise after a proper introduction and probably some food….tomorrow as Drake grunts like a wounded animal pondering that Ash and Josh ain’t going to believe this beautiful day dream.
Drake wraps the towel around her long wet hair, tucking the ends around her neck then he places the second towel around her knees and feet since the short blanket has absorbed most of the excess water and works perfectly hiding her breasts and hips. Drake powerfully lifts her into his chest then trots her unconscious body into the spare bedroom down the hallway for her beauty rest until sunrise as Drake smiles all the way back into his “dead king something Louie” bed frame, falling sweetly asleep.
Bedroom. 9:02 am. 56ºF. Partly cloudy sky. Mild. Drake smoothly rolls into the soft velveteen curtain, stirring his eyelids open and wipes the dried crude from his eye sockets and dirty face with both his palms as he swings his body flat onto his back muscles, eye burning the white plastered ceiling. He softly moans like he has stepped his cowboy boots in fresh dog poo about the boring day without any activities without…
He upright his torso upon his pointy elbows, shifting his body sideways towards the wall then slides his feet onto the floor, parting the thick curtain open to the right side. Drake swiftly stands then quietly stomps big feet across the soft carpet to the opposite side of his bedroom then stumbles to a sudden halt as he eye burns the surreal scene.
An eight-foot grizzly bear has parachuted in an eagle spread formation through the white popcorn ceiling landing face down on the water bed since the wooden bed has balked and bent to the bear’s will, collapsing upon itself in the center wooden panel. Water slowly drips and leaks from the broken corners of the bed while gallons of water floats and drifts around the waterbed’s furniture legs while some of the excess liquid dangerously drains into the HD plasma TV screens, stereo equipment, and the rest of the electronics that locates on the lower shelf on the wall. Good thing, Ash switched off the nasty porn shows playing on the three plasmas or there might’ve been a fire.
Drake swiftly paces backwards from the mess and smell of the stale water evaporating inside the interior of his room, leaning against the dry wall and pondering the events of last night. Then, Drake remembers…
Drake quickly exits the archway into dark and cool hallway, swiftly jogging down towards the spare bedroom…where the loser of the waterbed fight sleeps. During the nightly stayovers of Ash and Josh at Hatem Manor, Josh usually wins the brotherly competition since Ash is the more kinder Southern gentleman allowing Josh the shallow victory as Drake snorts like a wild boar.
He suddenly stalls inside the curved archway, smacking his eyelids upright at the female who sleeps on her stomach muscles with her long legs from her knees exposed skin naked for his pleasant eye viewing pleasure. The green bed comforter covers most of her body except for her black long naturally wavy hair fanned across the hills and valleys of the bed pillows while the two bath towels seductively drape off the edge of the bed as Drake nosily gasps for air.
The female is a mirage. Yeah! The ones ya get when you drink too much while Drake enjoys beer like most guys he doesn’t get wasted like the lower percentile of morons in the male world. Not from drinking…
Okay, so…he has envisioned the hot babe image from eating too much finishing the entire pack of fresh cinnamon sweet rolls and half the single tiered chocolate cake…last night prepared and left by Myra making him on a sugar high overloading his gray matter…this morning.
Drake quietly steps his right foot forward, not wanting to awaken the beauty…or the beast as he suddenly halts at the foot…her foot.
The female doesn’t stir from Drake’s sneaky prowler-type advancement moves upon the soft carpet but her face completely buries under the green-colored bed comfort while her foot pad is exposed with a series of tiny little dark lines that contrasts against her pale skin. Drake has never studied a human foot pad before but her foot heel bone is narrow leading the foot soul to curve upward into a set of wide toe pads much like a cute baby duckling webbed foot as he ponders her correct shoe size.
Drake studiously notes that the entire length of your foot soul is similar to the open palm of your hand with numerous tiny vertical but sometimes oddly geometric shapes that connects upward to each individual toe pad from the bottom of the heel ball. Her white foot soul looks like an artist has sketched a 3-D design upon a green background similar to one of the pictures inside a Biology textbook at school.
There are peek-a-boo light gaps between her five toes meaning she possesses a set of tall and thin bones which are surrounded by her pale epidermis that glows and gleams against the bright sun rays bombarding the bedroom. Her right foot beautifully arts a red-blood colored single birthmark in the shape of solid star inside the curved arch below her big toe.
Drake prettily admires her finely defined right ankle bone, her lean muscular calf, and the little peek show of her smooth pale skin of her right thigh as he slowly reaches with a steady hand for the bed comforter then suddenly stops at the lustful temptation of viewing the rest of her naked body covered by the bedspread.
“Okay…dream? Mirage? Or nightmare? Which one are you, girl?” Drake softly options, quickly inhaling then slowly exhaling as he extends his five finger pads and gingerly touches her ankle which is the farthest body feature from her wicked fighting arm span. His index and middle finger pads gently tap her skin…warm to the touch and softer than silk.
The female immediately awakes, snapping her eyelashes upright and curling her body like a newborn sleepy kitten into a round ball then she painfully slams both her shoulder blades against the bed head board as the entire bed shimmies in the metal frames on the carpet.
Her pale face prettily angles directly at Drake who locates at the edge of her bed mattress as her big deer-doe eye sockets roller ball around the bed room while she scans the walls, the ceiling, the floors, many pieces of furniture and then returns her big baby-blue pupils back at Drake. She immediately senses safety then rotates her swan neck muscles towards the three set of windows not covered in their decorative curtains but wide open with the yellow sunlight of a bright day reflecting off the glass pane and other shiny objects inside her new atmosphere and strange environment.
Completely satisfied that she is safe and secure, she tilts her skull sideway like posing for a photo portrait, eye burning directly into Drake’s Soul then names in sexy alto saxophone. “Drake.”
Drake smacks his eyelids uprights, dropping his jaw deeply into his chest, commenting shockingly. “You know me.”
She curves a set of red Ruby lips from earlobe to earlobe onto her pretty pale face, wording mysteriously. “I do not know you but I recall your name.”
Drake shoots up his open palms in the air like he’s being robbed for money, shaking nervously both his hands, interrogating. “Hold a sec. How’s that possible? Who are you? Where did you come from? And how did you happen to fall into my room?” He suddenly stops then quickly inhales and slowly exhales and questions tartly. “How can you speak perfect English? Last night…you were…talking some really weird stuff.”
“My native tongue.” The female purrs in her alto saxophone.
“What country are you from? What native tongue is that? I didn’t recognize any of these words?” Drake briskly interviews.
“So many questions from you….,” She seductively twangs her sexy alto saxophone then smiles sweetly, pushing down the green bed comforter from her chin and exposing her swan neck.
“Don’t?” Drake holds his hands upright like a Stop sign, explaining carefully. “You…didn’t have any clothes on under the blanket.”
“O!” She innocently draws the bed comforter up and covers her chin, blinking her long black eyelashes once, twice then thrice and ponders her solution.
He shifts his nervous feet backwards from the mattress then coolly advices. “Hold on! Lemme get you a shirt and shorts.” Drake shuffles his body sideways to the wooden chest of six drawers which holds some of his old clothing as he pulls the first drawer and searches with eyeballs and finger pads.
Drake swiftly jerks the items up and down inside each drawer until he finds the right sizes then he turns and gallops like a racehorse back over to the soft edge of the bed mattress, tosses accurately and landing the clothing near her face, instructing. “I think you can fit into the large shirt with ease. The gym shorts have an elastic waistband for your….,” He grunts like a wounded animal and smiles then finishes, “…your smaller size.”
“Thank you.” She softly appreciates and smiles.
“I…I…will get us some food. Are you hungry? I am. Get dress! Go down the stairs to the foyer, turn right, the kitchen’s massive….ya can’t miss it. I’ll be in there making a mess stirring us some breakfast. Okay?” Drake invites then grins with a goofy smile as he back pedals on his naked feet then hits the wooden archway with shoulder pads.
“Okay.” She softly words.
He soldierly pivots inside the archway towards the hallway then sharply about faces back to her pretty smile then greets. “What’s your name?”
“Mella.” She names and smiles with a prettily grin.
Drake nods his skull, once with his good Southern manners taught by his Southern Mama then addresses, smiling friendly. “Nice to meet you, Mella.”
“Nice to meet you, also…Drake.” Mella continues to smile and stare at him.
“See ya down stairs.” Drake finger points at the archway. “…for breakfast...food.” He swiftly pivots and slaps his nose on the door frame like an idiot then back pedals and neck snaps his skull to her, grinning with a silly smile as she smiles at him while Drake vanishes from the doorway like a ghost into the dark hallway.
“Okay, Drake.” She shouts into the empty room, throwing the bed comforter to the floor.
Drake smiles, jogging slowly down the steps, whispering. “Mella.”
Kitchen. Tap! Ting! Tap! Ping! Drake can’t decide where to place the small crystal glass vase holding the fresh cut thirteen combined pink and yellow Carnations that the Grocery Store Florist drops off every Saturday morning along with the food items Myra has ordered for the weekly shopping at Hatem Manor.
Mom always had cooked their breakfast every morning on Saturday whether Dad was present or not and filled the same small crystal glass vase with a fresh arrangement of pink and yellow Carnations on their breakfast table for a pleasant decoration and interesting conversation as Mother and son.
Drake doesn’t have his Mom or her cooking any longer but the Carnation’s sweet fresh smell reminds him of Mom’s constant presence inside his house. He believes that she’s in Heaven and watches over him like an invisible friend as Drake smiles at the warmth around him thinking of her big Teddy bear hugs and her tender warm hand touches.
He shuffles the burnt orange-tinted stoneware on the table for two people with the accompanying blue and orange strip cloth napkins while the spoon lays on the right side for the scrambled eggs and the knife on the left for buttering the toast as he seats his plate at the head of the table with Mella on his right just like the way Mom instructed. Drake smiles excitedly then scoots the vase to his left and more into the middle of Mella’s place setting so she can enjoy the fresh cut flowers.
Mella sashays her tallness into the brightly lighted room in the shape of a rectangle, seeing that the right wall houses numerous stainless steel appliances consisting of the stove top, bottom baking ovens, three microwaves, two refrigerators, one built-in deep purple colored embedded black flaked Granite counter tops that compliment the Maple wooden cabinets between the appliance stalls.
The left wall draws a long Granite counter top across the peach painted wall with four underbelly Maple cabinet doors containing upstairs a set of three stainless steel sinks in the middle of Granite for cleaning and preparing cooked meals. The west side of the room displays a set of French doors, opening into the bricked pink patio off the side of the kitchen while in front of Mella, standing Drake fusses over the small vase of pretty pink and yellow flowers in his right hand then finally selects the perfect spot on the breakfast nook housed in the southwester corner of the kitchen.
Drake chin whips his face and eye burns her pretty face, smiling friendly as Mella jiggles her feminine assets in his loose T-shirt towards the cozy corner on the kitchen as she exclaims. “This place is grand.” She scans her eyeballs from the ceiling to the tile flooring then finally rests her emerald green eyes upon the flower pots outside the French doors, studying the wildlife.
“Thank you and good morning, Mella. Are you hungry?” He greets friendly, finger points at the thickly padded cushion curling in a half-moon around the breakfast nook then he shoves his body towards the stove top, checking the heated pans.
Mella follows him to the oven, eye burning the colorful skillet, greeting friendly and copying Drake’s words. “Good morning, Drake, again. Yes, very much so.”
“Do you cook, Mella?” He asks, stirring the American cheese into the scrambled eggs before it scorches.
“No.” She puffs musically, observing his cooking skills.
“Do you have a preference for certain kinds of food groups?” He wonders if she has food allergies.
“No.” She puffs musically, studying his hands.
“You’re too easy.” Drake playfully teases then chuckles as he removes the large skillet from heated stove eye.
Mella presents duck lips, ugly then puffs musically. “No.”
Drake chuckles, while seeking her forgiveness. “Sorry, it’s a joke…a really bad joke.” He grabs her arm, pulling her body near the table nook then parks the light weight table for an opening into the padded cushion and invites and smiles. “Have a seat, princess.”
She scoots her legs into the nook and addresses nicely. “Thank you.”
He jogs to the stove, lifting the skillet of hen eggs mixed with American cheese, red onions, green peppers and his special tomato sauce into both hands while he slowly pads towards Mella’s plate, first then brags. “My special day and special meal, every Saturday….”
“I thought every day is a special day….here.” Mella has been taught to say as she stares at the sizzling cheese over the eggs.
Drake confesses. “I guess so. We could argue philosophy…at breakfast. But, every Saturday is a special day for me. My Mom and I used to eat, chat, and bond every Saturday morning since I was a child before my weekend activities.”
“Your Mom?” Mella puzzles, while spooning a portion of the sizzling cheese with eggs and holds it in the air for cooling like she had been taught.
“Mom passed to Heaven…long time…now.” Drake sadly expresses, whipping his body around the other side of the nook, sliding into the opposite side of the bench and dumps almost the remaining skillet of food into his plate.
“I’m sorry, Drake.” Mella offers, placing the small bite of food inside her mouth then enjoys the tart and cool favors, chewing slowly.
“Thanks….anyways, Saturday has been a special time for me…” Drake softly talks then stirs his food together allowing it to cool.
Mella extends her two finger pads, gently touches the yellow Carnation, feeling the soft petals then bends her nose to smell the aroma, complimenting. “Sweet.”
“Mom always provided a vase of fresh flowers which always were Carnations on the table during breakfast. I kept the tradition…” Drake dumps then places the cooled food into his mouth, chewing.
“And your Mom’s memory.” Mella adds.
“Yeah, our time together, our special day. Is there a special day for you, also…maybe today?” Drake joshes with his un-invited but very welcome mystery guest then bites around spoonful of eggs, chewing.
“Today…a special day…for me?” Mella puzzles the question.
“Ya know.” He starts then swallows the eggs and chews three bites then swallows the food, teasing wittingly. “Special, since you crashed through my ceiling this morning. Are you a skydiver? Night diving’s dangerous, isn’t it?”
“I’m not a skydiver.” Mella rejects then bites into the spoonful of her delicious eggs.
“You don’t look old enough to fly a plane or skydive. Are you a pilot?” Drake inquires nosy.
“You didn’t alert the local police authorities about my surprise invasion and yet, you don’t seem concerned…about your house’s damage.” She observes then giggles. “I might’ve damaged the roof when I fell.”
He winkles his forehead, funny inquiring briskly. “You fell off the roof?”
“I fell through the Earth’s atmosphere creating a hole in the house roof, landing in a water pond. Why’s there a pond in your house, Drake?” Mella puzzles more then slurps her tongue around more eggs.
He chuckles then staccato for fun. “Water…bed.”
“Water…on the bed. Why’s that?” She twists her lips, funny and asks.
“Water inside the bed. There’s a thick tough rubber lining inside the bed frame filled with water. I used the bed when I was injured in the football game while I rested my hurt shoulder on the soft material instead of a hard object like a sofa or mattress.” Drake details, while chomping off three bites of the buttered toast.
“That’s sounds oddly strange but very comfortable.” She spreads her knife of Grape Jam on the toast, eating half of it.
“It is. I’ll purchase another bed for…” He suddenly stops then neck snaps his skull and eye burns her face, wording. “Never mind.”
Mella finishes her glass of cold milk, placing the spoon the left of her plate after eating all her eggs and two pieces of toast, leaning her left shoulder towards the table as she cocks her face to Drake and asks pleasantly. “Why am I here, Drake?”
Drake chuckles then remarks drily. “I think that’s my question. You fell through my roof without sustaining any damage to your…” He looks at her jiggling breasts fluttering like a pair of Swallow-tail butterflies inside his old worn white T-shirt and smiles then finishes. “…body. I carried your unconsciousness nude self into the guest bedroom. Now, we’re having breakfast, together. I guess…I just like to entertain un-invited guests.” He scoops a spoonful of eggs then raises his eyebrows in a surprise flirting action at sexy Mella.
“Ex lucem ferre ad incendi rutilus hic atra anglia.” Mella voices in her sexy alto saxophone, smiling with an evil smirk as Drake drops the spoon of eggs as the stainless steel musically chimes against the stoneware then he neck snaps his skull and eye burns Mella, dropping his jaw line and bugling his eye sockets, horror-like.
“You summoned me…here.” Mella narrows her black long eyelashes which barely gleam her Emerald pupils in the sunlight leaning her chin heavily into Drake’s face, commanding. “Why?”
“It really did work.” He whispers with a scary tone.
“If you’re referring that silly little Latin incantation which dumped me into a pond of stale water…” Mella empties then sneers like an alley cat into Drake’s face.
“Your weight…or more likely the impact of your body broke the bed…actually the water saved your life. If you had hit the hard wood flooring…” Drake dumps then suddenly stops rambling, pondering the many of many impossible impossibilities.
“Drake, why did you summon a Destroyer-angel?” Mella sharply demands in her new alto clarinet.
Drake drops his jaw into his chest, stuttering badly. “Destroy…er…with the…’e…r’…part.”
“Destroyer-angel….you forget to add the ‘Angel’ part.” She toots like a flute then smiles seductively.
“Angel, does that mean supernatural powers?” He inquires with more scary mental thoughts.
“Supernatural powers…lots of megatons of supernatural power…big bad supernatural powers.” Mella emphasized three-fold to scare Drake, grinning wickedly her Ruby red lips.
“What kind of Angel is…a destroy…er, Mella?” He learns too slowly.
“A Destroyer one, I destroy really bad things…and such….” Mella mysteriously words then smirks with a set of crooked red lips, left.
“Bad things…you destroy bad things. Ya know, I’m been told that I’m good…sometimes. Maybe, all the time…are you planning to destroy me, Mella?” He prays for his Earthly life force.
“No, Drake. You summed me here. I…” Mella presents a set of dead pan straight pin lips then softly advises. “I’m more like your servant…in a way if you can literally translate that silly little Latin incantation.”
“He did it.” Drake swings his skull and stares at the empty peach wall, whispering softly under his breathe. “I can’t believe this. He really did.” He neck snaps his skull at Mella, studying her female features from her silky black hair roots to his white T-shirt, smirking with a crooked pair of lips, left then clarifies in a sexy baritone trombone. “So, ya really are an Angel.” He smiles and compliments his childhood buddy. “Josh said that he could conjure an Angel but…you’re different from my vivid imagination…” He chuckles then pretends to know. “I thought all Angels have round bright glowing halos, a pair of white big satiny wings, shimmering pale skin and long unruly strawberry blonde curly hair.”
“They do.” Mella agrees since she has been taught the same Angel knowledge.
“You don’t?” He wrinkles his forehead, ugly and observes her black silky hair with no halo then inquires. “Where’s your wings?”
“I’m not a Heavenly-angel, Drake.” Mella shockingly confesses then curls her lips, left.
“Not a Heavenly-angel, then…you are…you’re…where are you from exactly, Mella?” He suddenly fears…for something.
“Drake, there’re lots of different types of Angels in the Cosmic and used for different purposes to keep the universe in balance. There are Messenger-angels, Guardian-angels, Faithful-angels, Fallen-Angels, Tainted-Angels, Warrior-angels…,” Mella swiftly educates.
“So, you’re like one of my Guardian-angels.” He bobs his skull up and down several times, guessing.
“No.” Mella puffs musically.
Drake ponders the list she described then guesses a second time. “Then…you’re a Warrior-angel….then….for….”
“I’m a Destroyer-angel.” Mella tattles as she smiles at Drake.
“O.K. Is this a problem…for me?” He fears for Earthly life force from a Destroyer-angel who is not from Heaven but someplace else.
Mella twists her skull towards the appliance, staring at the stove top and sighs then breathes, deeply, talking softly. “It’s a problem for the both of us. I…shouldn’t be here…period.”
“Geez, I’m sorry. What can I do to repair the damage, Mella?” Drake peacefully offers. 
“Damage done!” Mella sadly hoorays as she ponders not immediate solution.
“Oh! Are you mad…at me?” Drake confuses then wrinkles his forehead, ugly.
“No, Drake. I…I am more confused…,” Mella rotates her swan neck around the kitchen then the patio entrance door like she’s waiting and watching for someone then shares, “…then angry. I…I’m a creature of energy. Your energy was pretty awesome, summoning me here…into your house.”
“Where ya from, if you don’t mind me asking?” He picks up some more VIP datum.
Mella swings her skull towards the blue skies with the flying red birds out the window and comments really odd. “Out there in the Cosmic…as you humans would say.” She horizontally waves her right hand like she swatting house flies from her food plate in the air then collects her own datum. “This friend of yours, Josh, a priest…preacher…Holy Man?”
“All star offensive lineman….” Drake chuckles and tattles.
Mella giggles with a sweet girly twang then repeats. “A what…oaf?”
Drake laughs with a hardy tone, elaborating. “Some females might paint Josh that mental image. Actually, he’s a teen like me bored with school and looking for ways to stay in trouble. He’s trying to help me find a date to the upcoming Homecoming Dance held on next Friday night.”
“Who’s coming home…a family member? Are they ill?” Mella asks, crinkling her forehead, funny.
“No person is coming home, Mella. At my high school, there’s a football game next Friday evening then there’s a dance after the game to celebrate…like a party. Do you know what a party is?” Drake teaches.
“People. Food. Laughter.” Mella lists, presenting a set of dead pan straight pins lips.
“That and there’s dancing. I don’t have a date for the dance after the football game.” He shyly confesses.
“A fine male species like you?” Mella smiles seductively giving him the evil eye scan from handsome face to taunt steel biceps rolling up and down his arms.
He chuckles then confesses more. “My former girl…my date dumped me…last minute.”
“That’s where I come into the picture. Do I have your story updated, correctly?” Mella sums, presenting a set of dead pan straight pin lips with her new alto clarinet.
“All the girls worthy of goddess worship are taken.” He tattles then grins with a toothy smile.
Mella laughs with a musically ting then insults. “You do not date females below your goddess standard beauty rule, Drake.”
He avoids her rude comment and her Emerald eyes and quickly subject changes. “I’m going dateless when Josh insisted he had gotten the perfect solution which is that silly little Latin incantation. I promise…(holds his right palm up in the air)….I had no idea beyond my imagination that these words spoke…”
“Summoned an Angel. Those words are real, true, and very powerful. I’m impressed….with you…Drake.” Mella winks her long black eyelash, right then bites into his un-finished half toast.
Drake chuckles and flirts with a sweet smile. “Good. I’m…very impressed…with you…all of you.” Drake winks his eyelid, left then scoops up a spoonful of his cold eggs then eats.
“Flirting doesn’t seem to be your problem, Drake.” She proposes, arching her eyebrow, right and slants her lips, right at Drake.
“Not with you…” He duplicates her facial expression then chuckles and scoops around spoonful of the cold eggs.
“Since, I’m here…summed by your…” Mella dumps.
“Does that mean you must obey me?” He intrigues, swallowing the lump of eggs.
“Nice try…slick. I’m an Angel, not a Genie, Drake.” Mella adjusts then giggles.
“There’re such things as Genies…geez?” He ponders the true mysteries of life.
“There’re such things as other super natural beings that I can’t begin to describe. But, back to our discussion I’m an independent…” She giggles then clarifies. “…entity with my own ideas, interests, and feelings….like you. However, I’m only temporary…”
“So, the incantation wears off.” He concludes, twisting his lips, funny.
“Something like that. I must explain that I’m stuck here for the next seven days…Earth time until I can return…” She dumps.
“Return to where?” He swiftly inquires between bites of old toast.
Mella doesn’t spill her secrets to smart little human teen males and smirks with a set of crooked lips, right. “Where I belong and you don’t…” She pauses for drama as Drake chuckles then she proposes with glee. “Well….since I’m stuck here….we can hang together….as you humans say.”
“You can meet Ash and Josh…first…thing….” He wants his pals to know the truth about the silly little Latin incantation.
“No…” Mella puffs musically, shaking her skull side to side then orders. “No encounters with other teens. I must be stay incognito until the…” She empties.
“Homecoming Dance next Friday night…then…” Drake eye burns her pretty face then announces sadly. “…you’re gone…” He ends.
“I am gone but at the moment I am not accustomed to…here…” Mella rotates her swan neck around the kitchen then stares out the French door, expressing with mixed emotions.
“Don’t fret! The dance’s next week…on Friday. This is technically called Saturday on Earth time.” Drake smiles brightly and finishes the last scoop of his eggs and peacefully offers to the pretty teen girl who really is an Angel. “You can safely hide out here…with me…I mean…at my house for the short six days of the week, enjoying the TV, DVDs…”
Drake halts his nosily invitation, observes the darling position of her head tilting to the left and staring at him then finger points out through the dark archway into the other rooms of the large house, explaining. “The electronics in the other rooms….just make your…body…(chuckles)….at home as…we humans like to say.” Mella giggles with a musically ting as Drake gathers the used eating utensils into his dirty plate while being a good Southern host taught by his Mom and offers. “I can show you the house, first. We can do something for fun later in the afternoon. How does that sound for a plan?”
“Alright as long as I don’t meet any more teens…young beings…ya know.” Mella orders, while bobbing her skull up and down several times.
“No sweat. Since you’re an Angel and do you possess supernatural powers? Can you fly? Can you disappear?” He interests.
“Yes. I can do lots of nifty tricks but not on this plane…actually….” She eye burns the ceiling, pondering thoughtfully.
“You were talking in an odd language…this morning…when you landed…here. Now, you speak in a set of perfect English words within your perfect sentences for us to communicate.” Drake keenly observes, wrinkling his forehead, ugly.
“Sorbeo…,” Mella words the funny phrase.
“Latin, right?” Drake identifies as she nods her skull, once in silent approval then Drake laughs while he humorously remembers the English translation. “Means...to suck…”
“Suck in…,” Mella adjusts.
“Suck on…,” Drake boldly words, while smiling seductively then laughs wildly.
“Suck in…like an absorption.” Mella corrects.
“O! I thought you said…’suck on’. I missed confused the verb. Sorry!” Drake bravely words then chuckles and grins with goofy smile as Mella understands his sick teen humor.
Mella flicks her trimmed and clean two finger pads into the air then threatens Drake like a destroyer battle cruiser in the ocean. “Maybe….I should fix your hearing or…is it those ears, Drake?”
Drake still continues to smile and snigger while he enjoys the playfully banter along with the way her Violet eyes dance in the sunlight, offering peacefully. “Thanks, I’m fine. I like my ears and my hearing. So, you have the ability to suck in…,” he dumps then chuckles.
“In theory, I can absorb any or all talents by a simple touch tip of my finger pad to the skin on a human. I have this innate talent to absorb, or Sorbeo to learn your abilities immediately as a survival mode mostly within a strange environment.” Mella rotates her swan neck around the kitchen then declares. “…like here.”
“That’s cool. What else can you do?” He desires to learn more about her and her innate talents.
“Practically anything…” She boasts then smiles brightly with her soft red Ruby lips.
“Does that include killing….people…beings…?” He adventures.
“Teens…for summing me unexpectedly out of my home. Yeah, I can do that, too.” Mella nods her skull, once, grinning with a wickedly smile, explaining amusingly.
Drake swallows the lump of bile back down his tight throat from her vocal threat then tattles more quickly. “Josh and Ash forced me…by force. Ya know. They held me down on the floor bent my elbows back and capped my knees in pain until I read them words…”
“Relax, Drake. I like you. I don’t know about my nicey feelings for Josh, thro…,” she smiles evilly.
“You’ll see them at the dance just for a one quickie nanosecond of your life I promise…then they’re gone. Poof! Out of your eyesight until you leave. Please don’t hurt my friends.” He begs for his pals.
“I like you, Drake. I’m here. I’m stay. And I’ll enjoy meeting Josh…for a few seconds.” Mella smiles with her sweet grin.
Drake claps his hands together in a quick celebration, announcing. “Good, I live….and so does Josh.”
“This Homecoming Dance held next Friday night, what’s my function as a date?” Mella inquires about her new role.
“That’s my date…you’re my date to the dance. And that’s easy to dance….with me…only with me, not with Josh or Ash. Don’t accept any dances from Josh….” Drake drills, shaking his skull side to side then ends. “Ever.”
Mella nods her skull, once, agreeing. “Ok…only with you, Drake.”
“Quick study, too.” Drake winks his eyelid, left and compliments. “I like that. By the way, can you dance, Mella?”
“I…I’m not certain that I can dance, Drake. Maybe, I can’t go to the Homecoming Dance with you?” Mella finely debates.
“No prob…let’s clean the kitchen then start the dance lessons.” Drake smiles and swiftly stands then gentlemanly extends his open palm for her upright assistance from nook table. She tenderly touches his open palm while Drake quietly stills and gently massages the top of her hand, complimenting. “You’re so soft.”
“Soft like a snake.” Mella quotes the giggles.
“Snakes aren’t soft….Mella.” Drake adjusts, not releasing her hand as he wrinkles his forehead, ugly.
“Their skins are very soft and pliable. Haven’t you ever touched one…a snake?” Mella smiles seductively and eye burns his terrorized face. Too bad, she can’t read his zipping mental thoughts inside his closed mind since she is an Angel with limited abilities on the Earth plane.
He firmly rubs the back of his neck muscles with his left hand, recalling that Mella tattled that a Destroyer-angel destroys bad things as Drake quickly ponders which realm a Destroyer-angel comes from and her purpose in the Cosmic then remembers to answer her personal dangerous question and nosily clears his throat and puffs musically. “No.”
“There’s a few in the flower beds throughout the patio garden….maybe later, today. OK?” Mella proposes with a deadly pretty smile.
“After the kitchen’s cleaned, dance lessons…and…,” Drake counters with a set of other safe alternative activities as Mella horizontally waves her hand sideways like she batting away flies from dead road kill for two seconds. A bright yellow-whitish light swiftly invades from patio window, illuminating completely the walls, the ceiling, the floors and all the counter tops. Ting! Ping! Ding!
The light swiftly fades and the cooking pans, eating dishes, and utensils completely disappear…correction there, the items are neatly stored inside the glass covered China Cabinet that visually gleams clean, shiny, and sanitized.
Drake’s face blanches to pure white as he words meekly. “How did ya do that?”
“Angel powers…,” Mella giggles then boasts.
Drake eye burns Mella, smiling with a toothy grin and excites boldly. “Wow! I can’t wait to see you strut…” 
“Strut!?” Mella verbs, wrinkles her forehead, funny.
“Your dance moves….,” Drake smiles with a wickedly grin, lifting up and down both his eyebrows with amusement then giggles like a sissy girl.
“Dance moves!?” Mella puzzles.
Living Room. Thump! Pad! Skid! Drake leads her into the middle part of the wooden flooring outlining the square footage of the Living Room after he shoved with his He-man strength of steel biceps at sofa batting it against beige wall then winning. He rumbles in his sexy baritone trombone. “Going to teach ya to dance. Ya know…some teen ritual dances. Don’t ya do ritual dances at your place?”
Mella bobs her skull up and down like a circus pony, grinning with a silly smile then waves horizontally her hand in a series of invisible geometric symbols, agreeing. “Yes, of course…dancing.”
“Good.” He swings his body towards the book shelf that holds the DVD player on the third level, strutting quickly and out reaches with an index finger and pushes the button, cramming the selected CD into the mechanic horizontal tray. The musical notes arch with the second octave ‘C’ on the electric guitar played by one of the musicians of the Eagles rock and roll musical group singing harmoniously their 1970’s hit song Life in the Fast Lane.
Drake soldierly pivots, smiling like a sly fox and eye burns sexy Mella as she studiously stands in the middle of the lonely floor straight and tall with her long arms relaxed at her sides displaying good posture, wearing the thin white cotton T-shirt burned with the fighting words of the Burn U represented by the Birmingham University Football team located with the city limits of Birmingham, Alabama which is almost too cute on her body as it falls to her kneecaps. She’s barefooted along with Drake on the smooth wooden floor which is ideal for two-step dancing.
Drake suddenly halts and bends at his knees, flexing his spine backwards like an arched deer-bow and quietly strums the air guitar with flying finger pads as the “real” song peaks at the guitar solo. He suddenly stops strumming with his finger pads when the words begins again then straightens his spinal cord like a tree trunk and slowly slides his toe bones across the soft wood, jiggling sexy his hips side to side, smiling with a toothy grin while he pretty much shows-off his cool moves for her as she stares with a set of dead pan straight pin lips.
He croons. “Come on…get down, Mella!”
She chin whips her face towards the smooth floor, talking innocently. “I’m not standing on top of a ladder, Drake. My feet are flat on the floor. I believe your eye vision needs to be checked for a case of sudden brain trauma hallucinations…which could be caused by….”
“ ‘Get down’ means to dance with me.” Drake curves a slow smile around his handsome face, explaining the teen vocabulary.
Mella silently mouth forms. “O!”
He dances closer, admiring her big deer-doe eyes of dark violet color ringing her black pupils that dilate tiny from the bright sunshine bombarding the floor while he skin radiates warmth and light like a glittering candle. Her lips are smooth and Ruby red lushly curved-shaped and her long natural straight waist length hair drapes her shoulders down to the corners of elbows with a blue-black silky shine. Mella is beautiful like a delicate Porcelain doll.
“Start by wiggling your hips…like so.” Drake orders, swinging his narrow hips left side to right side then back and forth then around and around for her visual demonstration as he hold both his arms and hands parallel to the floor, chuckling with enjoyment.
“Wiggle.” Mella verbs and crinkles her forehead, funny.
Drake gingerly touches her collar bone with both his hands as she visually tenses from the stark motion then softly sweet breathes into her face. “Relax, I don’t bite.”
“I can sting.” Mella adds, warrior-like.
Drake softly chuckles, accepting. “Maybe later, wiggle like this.” He shifts his hips right side to left side, displaying the visual movement and instructs. “Better yet…I’ll place my hands on your waist.” He lowers his hands around her tiny waist since Drake talls at six feet and six feet for a growing teen and Mella stands at six feet without the designer high heels which will make her six feet and three inches, the perfect couple for dancing at Homecoming next week. He smiles sweetly, bobbing his skull up and down several times for encouragement as Drake swirls his hips around and around in perfect time with the song and rotates his hands left side to ride side on her waist, commanding. “Wiggle, now.”
Mella slightly shuffles with her kneecaps like a nervous twitch, making no progress on ‘wiggle’ stage as Drake puffs musically. “Naw. Ya need more movement from your feet, ankles, knees, hips and legs…all at the same time.” He quickly drops his hands down to her hips rotating both his hands and her hips right side to left side, back and forth then around and around for the physical and vocally demonstration.
Mella silently mouth forms. “O!”
“Ya feel that. It’s different from walking your feet backwards or forwards…,” Drake dumps, bobbing his skull up and down several times with encouragement.
“Yes. I can sense your desire attainment for me. This is similar to walking side to side but standing in one place.” Mella nervously expresses, shifting her hips and her other body parts round and round inside the tight perimeter of Drake’s hands while she slightly bumps and grinds against his cupped finger pads as she giggles with a musically ting and Drake grunts like a wounded animal.
He chuckles with amusement at her new discovery of dance and her sexy exotic body motions, encouraging better. “Right….ya got it! Now, move with the beat of the music.”
She suddenly stops her dancing, while listening with her eardrums to the banging snarl drums then taps her right foot to new rhythm of combined song notes and musical instruments. She quickly shuffles her hips right side to left side then slightly bends at her kneecaps, slowly lowering her entire body towards the floor for three full seconds then slowly lifts her body back upright for another three seconds as Mella words between the panting breathes. “Fun…sensations….inside me….thrilling…electrifying…” Drake paces his body backwards from Mella, observing her coordinated body moves with his eyeballs, grinning with a toothy smile.
Mella is a natural dancer for a tall girl and quickly develops a good body routine, swaying her lips from left to right, bending at her kneecaps, lowering her body towards the floor then shifts gears, swaying her hips right to left and slowly lifts her body towards the ceiling. She adds flipping her neck muscles side to side with her black hair swaying in the air in rhythm with her hip swings. She closes her eyelashes, savoring each rock and roll note with her smooth seductively step then tosses arms into the air at different intervals, creating a hot exotic dance routine. She hoots like an owl between the drums sets then spins her body around in half-circle during the drum solo in the music.
Drake enjoys watching her sexy dance performance then shifts his bare feet in front of Mella adding his unique touch of cool hip flinging to her brilliant routine as they dance to the steady beat of the rock and roll song as the tune whines into the finale encore, Drake uprights his body like tree trunk then gently touches her right shoulder. She snaps open her pretty Violet eyeballs, slowing her sexy hip swings and smiles sweetly at Drake then Drake grins and shares. “Mella, ya gots the hang of rock and roll. Let’s try some swing dancing.”
“I am swinging with my dancing.” Mella shows-off the visual concept by swaying her hips left then right, dropping her chin deeply into her chest and closes her eyelashes dancing to the music while Drake pivots and shifts his body back to the DVD for next dance lesson.
Drake selects the next CD then swings his skull at Mella while she dancing, vertically flicking his eyeballs all over her body swift-like, smirking seductively and  nods his skull, once, rumbling in baritone trombone then shoves the new music into the horizontal tray on machine. “Yes, you…do swing very well…I’ve observed. I meant to explain that you and I touch hands and dance at a different rhythm.”
Mella suddenly stops dancing with her arms relaxed at her side, and tilts her jaw slightly to the right at Drake, proposing innocently. “You want to touch my hand, Drake.”
Drake soldierly pivots from the DVD player to Mella, while commenting like a true teen stud. “I want to touch a lot of body parts but…,” he pauses for drama then smirks seductively, halting his movement directly in front of her pretty face, bending at his elbows and holding his palms in front of her shoulders, suggesting. “We’ll start with the hands. Okay?”
“What other body parts, Drake?” Mella asks innocently with a set of dead pan straight pin Ruby red lips.
“A little joshing….kidding…another bad joke. Okay, Mella?” Drake covers his teen studdness during his girly sniggering and grinning with a toothy smile at her.
Mella forms her mouth, silently. “O!” Drake tenderly grabs both her shoulders with his hands, slowly slides his palms down her T-shirt then onto her naked skin as Mella giggles with a musically tone then Drake holds both her warm hands and winks with his eyelid, left.
“Now, some slow dancing.” Drake instructs, grinning with a toothy smile.
“I recognize the classical music playing loud…Chopin’s Minute Waltz.” Mella cocks her jaw to the left towards the DVD player hearing the music as Drake arranges her right palm hugging his left palm with the arms shaped like a ‘V’ pattern for leading her around the floor.
“Very good!” Drake compliments then orders. “Place your left hand on my collar bone or behind my shoulder blade.”
Mella releases her hand and smiles at Drake then she slowly moves her index finger up his wrist then his elbow then his bicep, and finally lands her soft hand upon his collar bone, giggling with a musically tone then lists. “I can Tango, Fox Trot, and Waltz especially to Chopin.” Drake busies shifting his bare feet around the wooden around her fixed position for their slow mo dance session as he looks at the floor.
He jerks his chin upright then explains in teen terms while smiling. “That’s great. But, slow dancing is kinda like waltzing but, not moving around the room…staying in...”
“…one place. Your teen dance rituals require little talent from the dancing team.” Mella fills then huffs musically as Drake chuckles like a clown then grunts like a wild animal with a wicked smile feeling her body heat which makes his body heat faster.
Drake leads Mella slowly in a circle around the floor as their feet barely move and their hips barely swing as he confesses wildly. “There’s a reason, a really excellent reason for…not moving around.”
“O! What would be that reason? I can’t comprehend the circumstances….” Mella lectures like a Mama dog as they complete the first circle with their bodies apart with their palms remain stationary on his collar bone and her waist.
“I…will demonstrate later...okay?” Drake winks with his eyelid, right then, man-pulls Mella with his right hand closer to his T-shirt as Mella giggles with a musically tone while Drake starts a new circle as they slow dance.
“Okay.” Mella softly words, shifting her bare feet between his wide legs on the floor for their close body contact.
Drake softly instructs into her left eardrum like a set of butterfly wings. “I’m leading all the dances…okay?” She nods her skull, once, then he instructs. “You’re facing me. So, tuck your right arm down closer to your body as we swing around with the music and move your left hand down my back.” Mella faithfully obeys, guiding her left hand from his collar slowly down his shoulder blade to his waist as she giggles with a musically tone as Drake grunts like a wild animal as their bodies stand apart two inches from their T-shirt to T-shirt and their cheeks hover in their sweet breathes.
Then, Mella swiftly backpedals her face from Drake’s cheekbone while she eye burns his face, advising. “Should we not practice in the appropriate white tie attire with a formal Ball gown for…me and a tail coat for you…?”
Drake chuckles like a clown with her elegant idea because she’s a like a Southern lady and he’s a true Southern redneck then puffs musically. “Naw. I’ll be wearing jeans.”
Mella presents a set of dead pan straight pin lips and repeats with befuddlement. “Jean…I’m confused. That’s a man from France. You’ll be dancing with a male, Drake.”
“Definitely not…with you and only you…babe.” Drake laughs like an African hyena, clarifying.
“What about Josh?” Mella inquires with mystery.
Drake chuckles like a clown, updating. “He gots a female to dance with.”
Mella nods her skull, once then agrees. “Good.” Then, Drake man-pulls Mella closer back into his T-shirt as he grunts like a wild animal, feeling her hot body and soft cheekbone against his face as they spin very slowly bare feet around the wood while the classical music hums in the background.
Drake smiles evilly, whispering into her left eardrum. “Good for Josh…and very good for me.”
“Very good for me.” Mella softly words, touching Drake’s warm cheekbone that swiftly sends warmer temperature sensations into her face and down her spinal cords.
Drake whispers into her left eardrum as he twirls her around the floor slowly. “Ya see…here in America…this is the country of America. You’re in the country of the United States of America…”
Mella pulls back from his face and yells. “USA!” She adds a sweet smile and giggles with a musical tone.
Drake smiles then man-pulls her back into his cheekbone and his T-shirt, softly complimenting like a set of butterfly wings. “Right! The great state…”
“Great state…great for what…what’s great, Drake?” Mella moves her lips against his eardrum with the query.
“Another American expression of my home, the great State of Alabama in the city of Birmingham. And finally, answering your initial question. Jeans are made of fabrics called denim for durable and strength and other stuff.” Drake softly details like a set of butterfly wings closing his eyelids, smelling her sweet fragrance of roses, grinning with a toothy smile.
“O!” Mella mouths, silently.
Drake chuckles like a clown, ordering. “Extend your right arm out…like so along with mine.” Mella and Drake move their arms together parallel to floor in the air like an arrow as he instructs into her left eardrum. “I’ll place my left arm parallel to yours…” He entwines her finger tips with his, gently pulling her closer into his T-shirt and his face as she giggles with a musical tone.
“Like this.” Mella softly words into his face.
He softly expresses. “Like that!” He chuckles like a clown, ordering. “Now, clasp your right hand around my neck along with the other one.” She drapes her left hand and finger pads gently against his neck muscles, tickling his skin before she cups both her finger pads as Drake sniggers like a silly kid, complimenting. “Good. Then, I put my right arm around your waist.” He snakes his arm around her waist cupping with his left arm, slowly man-pulling her close to his chest as her breasts press into his T-shirt. Drake loudly animal grunts as she musically giggles then Drake whispers into her left eardrum like a set of butterfly wings. “Ya got it! We both got it! Then, we hold each other close like this so our faces touch during the song…every song….for the rest of the night.”
Mella swiftly jerks her face from Drake’s warm cheekbone then whips her right palm upright, bending her elbow into a ‘V’ pattern while she holds her right arm in the air against nothing since Drake has both his arms hugging her waist, explaining honestly. “A waltz. This is a waltz, Drake but, we must continue stand apart by two inches and hovering our open arms to the side…”
“Sorta, Mella. We can pull our arms downward creating a ‘V’ shape…see this.” Drake instructs by shoving his left hand into her open palm then dropping their elbows into their rib cages, cradling her closer into his chest then he whispers into her face. “Or…you can move your left hand to my waist or my neck during the music as well.”
Mella pouts her lips, cute-like, exploring. “That’s not part of the waltz, Drake.”
Drake chuckles like a clown then clarifies. “Kinda is. You can leave your hand on my neck listening to the music…as we’ll sway our bodies side to side…in one fluid motion.” He whispers into her face then orders. “I like your hand on my neck.” Mella faithfully obeys replacing her right hand cupping with her left hand on Drake’s neck as he snuggles her neck with his nose like a puppy dog as she giggles with a musically chime.
Mella whispers into his right eardrum. “Drake, you must understand in this tight position, Waltz couples can’t perform the left box turn, right box turn, side whisks, twinkle…
“Rightttt….,” Drake sniggers like a weasel and smells her skin sweet sense of fresh Carnations.
Mella whispers like a set of butterfly wings. “Then, this is an illustration of folk dancing or commonly called ‘peasant dance’ with the peasant’s bodies held tight and close along with short steps of a gliding movement.”
“Closeeee.” Drake whispers like a set of butterfly wings, shifting his nose to her warm cheekbone.
“You’re breathing on my nose, Drake.” Mella observes.
“I gots bad breathe.” Drake quickly pulls back from her and concerns as he wrinkles his forehead.
Mella presents a set of dead pan straight pin lips, reassessing. “I didn’t say that. I can feel your warm soft breath on my nose. Is this normal?”
“Way normal.” Drake answers, while grinning with a wickedly smirk then placing his cheekbone against her cheekbone as they slowly circle around the wooden floor with the music playing in the background.
“So, this is Latin dancing like a Samba in which the couples don’t follow the line of dance but perform their routines more or less in one spot.” Mella rapidly words.
“Closerrrr.” Drake hugs Mella tighter into his manly gripe then sweet breathes on her earlobe.
“I’m going to wear a short-skirted Latin outfit to emphasize my leg action and body movements.” Mella postulates.
Drake swiftly jerks back his face from her earlobe, asking curiously. “Do them Latin outfits cover your entire body?”
Mella presents a set of dead pan straight pin lips, informing educationally. “No, only about half…or maybe a third of a dancer’s body.”
Drake smiles happily, bobbing his skull up and down like a farm pony, offering…way too friendly. “Definitely, we’ll go shopping later this evening…to the Mall. Girls love the Mall.”
“For short-skirted Latin outfits?” Mella questions, when screwing her eyebrows, funny.
“Amen!” Drake softly prays, plows his nose back into her sweet throat, purring like a kitten into her neckline and shifts his hands back behind her waist, pulling her close and swaying his hips with her hips in one place as slow music plays in background while Mella places both her hands along Drake’s neck muscles. They slowly sway to the music.
Mella whispers like a set of butterfly wings into his eardrum. “Drake, when’s the turn?”
“The. Turn.” Drake softly words, concentrating on her sweet fragrance and moving his nose towards her earlobe.
Mella quickly jerks her chin from his neck, narrating with her sexy alto. “In a proper Waltz, we’re supposed to slide step, glide, and then rotate in a spinning turn.” Drake grins with a crafty smile and pivots his right foot backward, swinging his hip to left against the right side of her body then swiftly spins them in a dizzy completed circle then uprights his face and body and leans against her breasts and smiles.
“We just executed a spin.” Drake updates during his male chuckling.
Mella critiques his bad performance with a crinkled nose, cute-like. “That wasn’t a very good spin….a free spin should….”
Drake bolts his nose even with her eyebrows, mesmerizing magically. “Believe me.”
“Believe, Drake?” Mella puzzles.
Drake sighs then breathes, deeply, explaining hopefully for the last time since her numerous questions are interfering with his day fantasy and her silky body movements. “In teen slow dancing at Homecoming, couples never break the embrace…”
“But, spinning in a Waltz involves breaking the hold…,” Mella dumps, wrinkling her forehead.
“That’s why we’re practicing for the upcoming dance. This is new…for you. Couples, you and me.…don’t ever break the hold. Bad luck!” Drake honestly lies grunting like a wild boar.
“Bad luck, in dancing?” Mella questions, while twisting her lips, funny.
“Yeah, another Bama teen thing! So, we just kinda spin around…really slowly and calmly and softly...” Drake sniggers like a kid while slowly moving in another circle on the floor and comments. “Like this.”
Mella forms mouth, silently. “O!”
“Think of our dancing characterized by close embrace and subtle swaying of hips and tiny steps of walking in…,” Drake empties.
“…one place.” Mella fills then wrinkles her forehead.
“Ya see...ya got it! Perfect!” Drake smiles then snuggles his neck into the crook of her swan neck, swaying side to side with her body and his smooth motions as one as he grins happily.
Mella whispers, slowly. “Teen slow dancing...”
Drake slowly covers his lips with his lips as Mella quickly pulls back, facing Drake and halts their dance moves then announces. “Your mouth’s wet.”
“My mouth?” Drake repeats, twisting his lips, funny.
Mella describes with amusement. “Your mouth is…wet like a kitten’s nose.”
Drake chuckles like a clown, offering. “I’ve never hear my mouth described with such…cuteness.” Then, he snorts like a wild boar.
Mella entertainingly continues. “Kittens have wet, moisture, soft, and cool little pink noses that tickle my skin when touched and their tiny pink tongues are raw to feel when they lick your fingers.”
He sniggers like a weasel at her aptly creative description of his kiss. “Didn’t know that.”
Mella wittingly describes with a set of dead pan straight pin lips. “You licked me…like a kitten’s tongue…with your wet lips.”
Drake snorts like a wild boar then tries to clarify. “I didn’t lick you.” He chuckles like a clown then confesses. “I tried…to kiss you.”
“Kiss!” Mella verbs.
“Do ya know what a kiss is, Mella?” Drake cocks his skull to the right and wrinkles his forehead, inquiring.
“No.” Mella puffs musically in her sexy alto.
“Has anyone ever pressed their wet lips against your dry lips for…say about…two seconds or more?” Drake sniggers like a weasel, grinning with a wicked smile.
“No.” Mella huffs musically in her sexy alto.
Drake expands his wicked smile from ear to ear then chin whips his face towards the ceiling and softly whispers. “Thank you.” He jerks his jaw and eye burns her pretty face with her white perfect teeth, Ruby red lips, Violet pupils against her pale white skin then soldierly pivots towards the DVD player, walking to book shelf and shuts down the classical music. Drake swings his body and faces Mella, softly instructing while strutting and grinning wickedly. “I’m going to teach you to kiss.”
“Kiss!?” Mella verbs and presents a set of dead pan straight lips, standing upright and tall like a solider as Drake grabs her right hand and leads her to the green and white striped sofa against the wall. Mella folds her body into corner arm rest, tucking her long naked legs under her fanny as Drake sits on the edge of the sofa with his flat bare toes on the cool floor, holding her right hand and gently massages her five finger pads.
Drake honestly lies, grinning with a wicked smirk. “This act is definitely a high requirement for the Homecoming Dance since you’re my date…to dance…and….”
“Requirement.” She watches Drake caresses her five fingers tips then moves his finger pads into her open palm, feeling his warm hand on her while traveling up her elbow towards her brain cells then back down into her heart as she giggles with a musical tone.
“Yessss.” Drake hisses with drama and swiftly raises the top of her hand to his mouth and smiles as Mella parts her lips, widely then he purses lips, tightly and kisses her index finger, first as Mella giggles with a musical tone. He kisses each knuckle tenderly until he reaches her pinky finger then educates. “The word comes from the Old English cyssan meaning ‘to kiss’ creating the term ‘coss’ for ‘a kiss’.” Mella feels warmth sensations explode from her hand to her hair roots then back down to her naked toe bones as Drake flips her curved hand open to the palm facing the ceiling and presses his lips against the finger tip of her index finger, moving to each finger tip slowly as Mella flushes warm tinkles that explode in different direction within her body.
Drake covers her wet hand with the warm touch of his left hand then slowly opens her palm, exposing her soft skin cooling with her warm fever as he eases his lips to her palm and roughly licks with his tongue then gently kisses inside of her palm as Mella feels suddenly hot, exhaling then inhaling heavy for air to cool her internal fire while Drake softly asks. “How does that feel, Mella?”
“I…”
He continues caressing her limb and moves his lips to her wrist and roughly licks with his tongue then tenderly kisses with pursed lips then swiftly breaks while lecturing. “Kissing is a physical expression of…,” he tilts his head to the left, eye burning her face, “…likeness between a boy and a girl with deep sensations of touch…” Drake massages the soft skin of her wrist with his gently heated fingers pads as Mella draws her eyes to her arm and watches Drake’s kissing coupled with Drake’s touch that stimulates in her mind, her heart, and soul very intense feelings of joy and happiness as he softly whispers. “….taste and smell senses are used.” He pauses for drama then smiles innocently. “How does this feel, Mella?”
“I…”
Drake lifts his index finger pad to his lips, licking his own appendage with his pink tongue then swiftly drops the single wet finger from his parted lips and guides it to the top of her naked elbow for a dramatic kiss-touch as Mella’s heart skips a whole single musical beat like a scratched CD and her body temperature soars into hotness like a solar flame then she eye burns him as Drake smirks seductively and breathlessly asks. “How does this feel, Mella?”
“I…”
Mella watches Drake caress her right arm with his gentle warm strong finger pads from her wrist bone to the tip of her collar bone as she feels fire, flames, and fever invade her mind, her heart, and her skin. Then, Drake swiftly drops her right arm from his strong grip as Mella watches it lifelessly flap upon the soft fabric of sofa then Mella experiences cold, coals, and concern.
Drake tenderly steals her left arm, pulling her body closer to him as he caresses with his warm finger pads limb from her wrist to her collar bone while Mella feels once again the warmth, wonder, and wildness. Then, Drake swiftly rescues Mella’s fallen right arm, gathering the two limbs by her wrists then slowly lowers his skull down to her appendage and protectively kisses both wrist bones at the same time as Mella’s Her heart rapidly flutters like hummingbird wings and her skin exponentially flares into a fever fire within her mind and her body as she closes her eyelashes.
Drake swiftly man-pulls her soft feminine body closer to his steel muscular chest, dipping slowly his jaw to kiss tenderly the edge of her shoulder as Mella feels her chemical and biological body do something highly pleasurable for first time then she giggles with a musical tone, smiling.
“Did you like this, Mella?” Drake rumbles in sexy baritone trombone at her shoulder which echoes into her right eardrum.
“I…”
Mella arches her swan neck backward from his skull as Drake deeply snuggles with his nose then his soft lips into her warm throat while she tilts her skull sideways inhaling his rich cologne of spices and leather then Drake painfully bites with his teeth.
Mella swiftly jerks back her face from Drake skull and spits, hotly. “You bit me.”
Drake raises his single eyebrow, left and reminds, coolly. “Told ya…I bite.” She giggles with a musical tone as Drake chuckles.
“Then, I’m going to sting you later.” Mella warmingly warns and smiles.
“Looking forward to it, baby.” Drake grins with a toothy smile and dangerously invites then Drake dives his skull into her neckline and kisses with his hot wet lips as she tosses back her skull with delight. Drake man-pulls Mella closer to his hard chest, wrapping his muscular steel-like arms around her fragile body at her shoulder and waist then pens her against him.
Mella’s pulse bangs against her wrist bones as her single heart swiftly throbs inside her chest then her breathe stops as Drake slowly drags his hot lips from her right neck to her right jaw line to her right cheekbone to her right forehead. Then, Drake releases his touch for one full second then places his hot lips on the center of her forehead and slowly drags his lips to the left side of her forehead then left cheekbone then left jaw line and, finally onto her neck.
Drake jerks his face from her neck then grins wickedly as Mella limps into his arms with her eyelashes closed, posing like a sleeping princess ready to be awaken from her deep slumber while Mella feels her nerve endings tingle with heat as her tummy passionately flutters, and her skin continuously burns out of control with hotness then Mella slowly opens her eyelashes and eye burns Drake.
Drake studiously stares into her mischievous innocent Violet eyes for one second then swiftly locks and roughly plants his hot lips onto her softer flower petal lips as Mella nervously tenses then slowly relaxes as Drake sucks her lips tenderly, prying gently open her tight lips as their pink tongues entertain, play, and fight each other for…1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds. 4 seconds. 5 seconds. 6 seconds.
Mella nervously tenses, again as Drake releases his man-strong around her back muscles and gently cradles her inside his steel biceps then playfully bites her lips before he gently kisses them again as they slowly surface from Drake’s kissing lesson while Mella inhales heavy and Drake exhales swiftly.
Drake alarmingly inquires as her skin glows like a flaring star in the night. “Mella, are you okay? You look…pale.”
“Fine.” She breathlessly pants her pink tongue while she inhales then exhales heavy for H2O.
“Mella, your lips are softer than roses. Your mouth is sweeter than honey. And your kiss inflicts more pain….than a bee’s sting.” Drake romantically bumps his lousy poem and grins really silly.
Mella sniggers like a weasel, smirking with a set of deeply colored blood-red lips from their vigorous tongue fight and questions. “Want me to sting you, now, Drake?”
Drake laughs with a hardy tone and huffs musically. “No! I’m describing our…moment.”
“A bee sting!?” Mella debates, smiling.
“Okay. How about an eternal electronic shock, then?” Drake quickly adjusts then chuckles like a clown.
“Much better….but the sting is…very good.” Mella mysteriously offers and smirks with a set of crooked lips, left.
Drake leans into her face then softly whispers. “Kissing is the second most common form of intimacy among teens.”
“What’s the first?” Mella wonders as Drake smirks seductively, roaming his eyeballs vertically from her hair roots to her ankle bones. “What’s the first form of intimacy, Drake?” Mella repeats.
Drake slowly answers, eye burning her face. “Touch. Touching is the first form.”
“Can we touch and kiss more…and sting a little later?” Mella sweetly proposes, smiling.
“Amen!” He softly whispers then kisses her soft rose petal lips.
Wednesday afternoon. English Literature. 5th period. 2:02pm. 75ºF. Sunny sky. Warm. Buzz! Buzz! Mr. Heimburger answers his cell phone as students tap, script, and scrabble on their in-class assigned Renaissance Essay. “English Lit.”
Pause.
“Yes, I will.” Mr. Heimburger replies with the one-sided verbal conversation then slaps his cell shut and neck snaps his skull at the named student, ordering. “Mr. Hatem, your presence is required in the Principal’s office…ASAP.”
Drake chin whips his face at Mr. Heimburger and asks with a set of duck lips, ugly. “Do I take my books?”
Mr. Heimburger smart-asses. “Did you bring any illegal substances to school? Shoot any one in the parking lot? Or generally harass an instructor in the hallway?”
“No, sir.” Drake honestly answers.
“Good to hear, please leave your books and walk, don’t run down to the Principal’s office. I deduct I’ll be seeing you back under thirty minutes.” He lifts the horizontal object that represents his material pass for walking the empty hall during school time from classroom to the approval destination and orders. “Take my calling card.” Teen giggles invade the quiet room immediately.
“Yes, sir.” Drake soldierly stands without his books, grabbing the horizontal twelve-inched wood-shaped old fashion ass burning paddle filled with six small ½ inch holes burned into the Maple wood. The carrying handle of the paddle looks like part of a broken canoe raft. In the ancient days of high schooling during the 1950’s, 1960’s, and 1970’s, the canoe paddle represented a weapon used to whomp mischievous students on their buttholes by the Principal but today that evil demonic practice has is outlawed and is illegal in every state in the union of the US.
Drake hits the door with his right hand then huffs and puffs musically toward the Principal’s office, pondering his situation, his circumstance, and his dilemma since he never ever has been called to the Principal’s office for any unknown or known reason as he sighs with a heavy heart and thick brain cells.
Principal’s office. Slam! Thump! The door silently slams open as Drake stands and grins while Mella smiles sweetly, batting her black eyelashes inside the hard back chair of the office then Drake surprisingly names. “Mella.”
Mella quickly bounces her entire body upright on her footballs, greeting joyously with an array of smiles, giggles, and claps of her hands, wearing the newly purchased destroyed jeans under the pink and purple two-layer tees with the purple sparklingly flop-flips. All items had been purchased by Drake on Saturday afternoon along with the shortest and tightest Latino dance dress for Mella and Mella’s dance début at the Homecoming Dance this Friday night after the football game.
“Hi, Drake.” She names, towering her tallness over petite and angry-faced Myra who is parental guardian and housekeeper of house and him when Drake’s Father is away at business meetings.
Drake eye burns Mella then slides his eyeballs to Myra, questioning. “Why are you here…at…school instead of…”
Myra firmly fills in the blank for Drake, “…school. She’s a minor teenager requiring academic supervision and educational studying. You should’ve known better Drayton. I’ve brought Mella into the school for her International Exchange Student Internship here at Homewood High which Mella elaborately explained to me.”
“Exchange…student…Mella?” Drake substitutes and finger points at Mella.
“Drayton, you’re might….have created trouble for…all of us by not following the State of Alabama Department of Education rules and regulations.” Myra lectures, folding her sleeves over her sweater.
“Rules…and regulations?” Drake carefully repeats, eye burning Myra as she bobs her skull up and down like a circus pony along with Mella. Drake suddenly realizes that Mella touched Myra’s hand and absorbed all of Myra’s knowledge by Sorbeo then created the fantasy story of an exchange student to cover her presence at Hatem Manor.
Principal leans his bulky short body frame over his desk, filling out the new student transfer forms, advising slowly without eye contact. “All minors less than sixteen years of age are required to attend an academic institution during the day.” He faces Mella, inquiring quickly. “Where are you from, Miss…?”
“Hale…H.A.L.E.” Drake honestly lies then twists his skull and winks his eyelid, right at Mella as she softly giggles in her musical tone.
“Miss Hale, what country are you from…again?” He slumps his butt-hole heavy into the big oversized chair, hovering his face over the lined white sheets and the tiny black boxes of the missing student data.
Drake honestly lies for a second time then winks his eyelid, right at Mella. “Alaska.” Mella giggles with a musical tone.
Principal quickly notes as he pops his round skull then wrinkles his thick forehead, ugly and screws his hairy eyebrows at Mella. “Alaska’s not a foreign country, Drake.”
“Closer to Canada…then Bama.” Drake wittingly injects as Mella giggles with a musical tone.
“Quiet correct, Drake.” Principal compliments, scratching more words and figures into the tiny boxes. “Well, I guess…we can contact the school for your high school transcripts, what’s your...”
Drake honestly lies for a third time then winks his eyelid, right at Mella. “She’s homeschooled.”
“Homeschooled, well, I’ll need some official academic documentation of her attainment level from….,” Principal rushes his demand which is required to finish the long form.
“My grade level, senior.” Drake lies additional and winks his right eyelid at Mella.
“Your grade level, 12th.” Principal slowly repeats, eye burning Drake then slides his pupils at Myra.
“Dad made the arrangements.” Drake lies more, neck snapping his skull at Myra, and offering friendly. “I can contact…”
“Not necessary! If Mr. Hatem has arranged schooling for Miss Hale, then we’ll patiently await the academic documents from…Alaska…” Principal screws his hairy eyebrows, ugly then orders. “Mr. Hatem, please escort Miss Hale to her first class.”
“I’m going to school. Cool!” Mella softly words and claps her hands beside Drake, smiling and giggling musically.
“Mella?” Drake names.
Mella proclaims. “I’m so excited. Can I be in all your classes, Drake?”
He drags his right hand across his aching neck muscles, not realizing the process ended and encourages. “I…guess...so.”
Principal orders and taps the messy paperwork into neat pile, landing the stack to the side of his desk until her transcripts arrive for verification. “Excellent, lead Miss Hale to your classroom, Mr. Hatem.”
“Now…today?” Drake shocks with a teen heart attack.
“Now…today!” Principal repeats the same words and hands off the single note for Miss Hale’s entrance into her class then finger points at his closed office door.
Classroom. Mella swiftly pads on her flip-flops beside Drake, softly giggling and clapping her hands with delight at prospect of going to school and being around Drake during the daylight hours since she enjoys being around him at the nighttime hours, too. Drake grabs her wandering hand and leans into her face, whispering softly into her left eardrum. “Sorry, I forget to tell Myra you are staying…there…here…about you….” He presents duck lips, funny.
“Don’t sweat ants, Drake! I can act well pretending to be a …high school student.” Mella replies, strolling beside Drake while swings their hands back and forth, giggling musically.
Drake suddenly stops walking, twisting her face with the cup of his hand, and advising wisely. “Look, don’t talk…”
“You don’t like my accent.” Mella talks in a slow sweet Southern draw imitating the High School Receptionist when she greeted the Human with a hand shake by Sorbeo.
“Cut the accent, okay? You’re from…” Drake seriously dumps and presents a set of dead pan straight pin lips.
“Alaska. Where’s Alaska, Drake?” Mella asks, leaning heavy into his face and his T-shirt as Drake chuckles like a clown then sobers his mental thoughts seriously.
“I’ll show you a map, later, at home…when we’re…out of school.” Drake gently swings their bodies towards the classroom with the closed door and instructs. “Listen, act…like a student…ok? We don’t say much, just stay quiet, and look straight ahead at the blackboard.”
Mella dumps, wrinkling her forehead, funny. “Why would I do that? Aren’t I supposed to talk about my experiences as…?”
“You’re an Angel.” Drake reminds.
“Destroyer-angel.” Mella adjusts, smiling sweetly at him.
“Yeah, that one. Don’t call attention to yourself! Ya know, blend with the crowd of students…girls…the females.” Drake dictates.
“Do you want me to find a friend of a girl? That’s not the term…a girl as a friend.” Mella proposes and smiles.
“No, definitely absolutely not.” Drake stops walking and twists his body and his face towards Mella and reverses his confusing order, shaking his skull sideways.
“Why not, Drake?” Mella sweetly mews in her sexy alto clarinet then pouts her lips, cute-like.
Drake tries to clear up his instruction. “Mella, you’re here as my date to the Homecoming Dance this Friday. That’s three days from now.” He eye burns then floor, cursing softly from his lack of hindsight then chin whips his face to Mella, explaining. “I wished I had sent Myra on a terrific vacation out of Bama instead of lying about Dad giving her the week off from babysitting the house. I should’ve known better realizing that Myra likes to keep tabs on me and doesn’t have a cell…”
“Cell?” Mella repeats, presenting a set of dead pan straight lips then elaborates with deep emotional concern. “Are Myra’s red or white cells damaged inside her body? She’s a nice lady but I can fix…”
Drake puffs musically. “Naw.” Then, he chuckles like a clown and clarifies. “Cell is a shorten word for a teenager’s world of communication…(holds mobile phone in the air)…this is a mobile telephone that allows me to talk to other teens…like when they are outdoors in the yard…from right here.”
“O! So pretty!” Mella gingerly touches the black shiny tool with the tips of her finger pads. “So, Myra is not chemically sick but possesses a set of healthy biological cells and you communicate with teenagers on a metal cell….,” Drake nods his skull, once then Mella bold proclaims. “Myra told me that she guards you. But…you have a Guardian-angel, Drake. Why not call on her for help in this situation and you don’t need a metal cell to communicate either?”
Drake laughs with a hardy tone, concluding. “That’s great. Yeah, I should’ve called her but I didn’t know that. We…we, Humans ain’t given lots of Celestial info like that from…(smiles)…The Maker.” Drake grabs her hand, walking towards the class room.
“Strange tradition, Drake!” Mella crinkles her forehead, funny, commenting.
“Yeah, strange!” He grins with a toothy smile and eye burns her face. “Look, students don’t like the academics of school only the social part. So, act like a social….” He empties.
“Misfit.” Mella fills, bobbing her skull up and down like a circus pony.
Drake chuckles like a clown and adjusts. “No, you’re not a misfit. You’re different. Be social…but be cautious.” They reach the closed door then halt.
Mella innocently confesses. “I…I don’t know what that means, Drake.”
“Be cool! And don’t chat to anyone!” Drake commands in teen terms.
“But you…” Mella starts.
“But me…” Drake ends, smiling at her.
“Am I your girlfriend, Drake?” Mella quizzes, winking her eyelash, right at him.
“No.” Drake spits, flatly.
“No.” Mella softly words and deeply wonders, presenting a set of dead pan straight pin lips.
“You’re my date to the dance, that’s all. Okay!” Drake addresses.
“Will you give me a kiss for luck?” Mella sweetly asks.
“Kiss?” Drake repeats the key word.
“Like you did this morning…and you did last night and you did the day before…” Mella reminds, gently.
“Kiss?” Drake repeats the first key word.
“Before…you drove away in your big truck for school…leaving me alone like you did for the past two days....a hug and a kiss every day and night….” Mella requests, while giggling musically.
Drake chuckles like a clown then scans the empty hallway with his eyeballs since he isn’t embarrassed about kissing Mella but he doesn’t want a teacher seeing his improper behavior which might get back to Dad. Since, Drake has lied to both the Principal, and Myra that Dad has arranged for an exchange student with Alaska to exchange information at his school. Geez.
Drake wonders if Mella possesses other types of “Angel” powers like the ability to read his mind since he has forgotten about Myra as he snorts like a wild boar, pondering his fun with her since Saturday morning and planning to contact his Dad telling him what’s happened, happening, or going to happen. That a beautiful girl is sleeping in the manor in another room…of course. 
Dad doesn’t care, criticize, or contemplate the details of Drake’s teen life in Birmingham, Alabama since their last reunion on New Year’s Day ten months ago came and went because his Dad is too busy with his “acquaintances” to spent time with his only flesh and blood biological son while Drake empties his active mind.
Drake eye burns Mella standing so close, so beautiful…so now as he quickly man-pulls her to his chest, covering her lips with his for…1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds. 4 seconds. 5 seconds.
They surface and split apart as Drake words. “We good!” He smiles coolly at Mella as she smiles goofy at him.
“I…”
Drake smirks with a set of crooked lips, left as Mella leans heavy into his body, accepting his tight hug for the final act. Yeah! This act’s good for both teens.
The door flies out from the archway as Harvey soldierly stands, dropping his jaw line low and eye burning his eyeballs vertically slow then horizontal more slowly at the luscious babe.
Drake violently sneers like a wild jungle tiger, gathering forcefully a fistful of Harvey’s T-shirt fibers then man-pulls Harvey from the archway and swings his body in a half-circle out into the clear hallway since Harvey is advancing to the Boy’s Restroom for his hourly smoking time.
“Hey, gorgeous.” Harvey loudly calls and stumbles his big feet backwards from the door as he eye burns Mella and Mella’s feminine parts…way to long.
Drake viciously sneers like mad dog loudly, warning deadly. “Shut it…man.” Harvey laughs as Mella purrs and holds onto Drake’s right bicep then Drake powerfully pushes Harvey away from Mella.
They turn and face the open door then stroll side by side without holding hands into the crowded classroom as immediate whispers, soft mumbles, and a few isolated loud whistles echo off the beige walls.
Drake diligently searches with his eyeballs for the source(s) of the isolated whistles, wrinkling his forehead while screwing his eyebrows, ugly then eye burns the male line-up in the last row along the rear wall where he usually seats between Ash and Josh with the other athletic players from either the Defensive or Offensive Football team, taking mental brain notes then sneers like a wild jungle tiger at the winking the male’s eyelids and bobbing skulls who visually attack Mella.
Mr. Heimburger shuffles the transfer note from Drake into the loose stack of essays from students then commands. “Mr. Hatem, I give you the honor of introducing our new student.”
Drake nosily clears his throat and wittingly intros with a great big smile planted his handsome face. “Mella…the class. The class…Mella.”
“Hi, class.” She giggles with a musical tone, flipping her three finger pads in the air giving a girly smile on her lovely face.
“Tell us something about yourself, Mella.” Mr. Heimburger orders.
“I’m from…” She begins, staring at her new class mates.
Drake lies. “…Alaska, Mella is an exchange student for the semester…”
Mr. Heimburger inquires. “Alaska, do you like polar bears, Mella?”
She twists her skull and eye burns Drake for the proper answer as Drake slowly drags his right hand across his aching neck muscles and slightly bobs his skull up and down for a secret message affirmative answer then Mella says. “I love them.” She giggles with a musical tone, clapping her hands together.
“Very well, have a seat…students continue on your assignment. Mr. Hatem, please show Miss Hale the in-class homework for the day.” Mr. Heimburger hands off his personal English Literature book until one can be accessed for the new student and dictates.
“Yes, sir.” Drake answers, shuffling Mella to the empty chair.
Mella slides into the first row, third seat while Drake finger points at the reading assignment in the book, whispering softly into her left eardrum then soldierly stands and pivots towards the rear wall, strutting, manly down the aisle between Josh and Ash, grinning with a wicked smile.
Josh smiles with a biggy grin, leaning heavy into Drake’s desk, talking proudly. “It worked.”
“Naw.” Drake puffs musically, stroking the ink pencil against the paper to complete his class assignment.
Josh violently bobs his skull up and down, grinning with a wickedly smile and finely debates. “It worked. The Angel’s here seated in the front row. I’m not blind…Drake.”
“…only dumb, Drake.” Ash wittingly adjusts, cranking his skull around the forward students and eye burns the rear of Mella’s black hair.
“She’s here.” Josh words, rudely finger pointing at Mella in the first row, third seat.
“Daddy’s doing.” Ash guesses, slamming his eyeballs back to his essay.
“Wrong, Josh.” Drake firmly rubs with his right hand the back of his neck muscles, then lies using Ash’s convenience sentence. “Daddy’s doing.” He doesn’t want to reveal or acknowledge that the weird Latin incantation worked very well which has landed a desirable Angel who is also a Destroyer-one inside his bedroom floor on Saturday morning a little after midnight.
The guys wouldn’t believe his tale since he doesn’t believe his tale and Drake is here and sees Mella with his own eyeballs and still doesn’t believe the tale. The tale, the girl, and the event will stay secret and buried deeply….until Friday night when she returns, vanishes, or goes away….back to her Celestial realm somewhere in the Cosmic.
“I hear voices. I don’t like to hear voices. I find the voices irritating. Therefore, gentlemen, do you require additional homework for the evening for disturbing my texting?” Mr. Heimburger yells from the 180 degree angle of his tilted desk chair.
“No, sir.” Drake answers collectively for the trio as Josh and Ash swirl their neck muscles sideways in silent towards their desk tops for completing their English Literature class essay.
“Very good.” Mr. Heimburger addresses then returns to texting on his cell as the school bell loudly rings while chairs nosily scoot side to side and bodies swiftly dash out the door.
Josh bolts like a colt from his rear seat equaling the long leg strides with Ash, galloping towards the front of the room like a pair of thoroughbred horses for the first place trophy and watching Mella exit her seat and travel towards the archway. Drake hurries to gather his both backpack and books, heading his pals off at door, taking the parallel course in a different row of student desks.
This is the last academic class for the day before the last period of football practice for Drake, Josh, and Ash while Drake decides that he’ll drive Mella home, first and then arrive to his easy football workout, late since this is Homecoming week.
On Homecoming week, the opposing High School Football Team is comprised of weakly wussies and wimps, ensuring an easy victory dance on the cold Homecoming night for the Homewood High Eagles Football Team after last year’s embarrassing lost to a tough and rough rival opponent in front of the old Homewood Alumni’s eyeballs and gray hairs.
Drake steamrolls through the students, finding surprisingly Mella in a huddle safely between two other villains as he immediately skids his cowboy boots to a halt then sighs and breathes heavy while he readies for the upcoming verbal cat fight.
“Drake, darling….why didn’t you tell me about our lovely Mella?” Lissa grins with a wicked pretty smile, complimenting and eye burning Mella, not Drake.
“Lissa…” Drake moans like he stepped his cowboy boots in a pile of fresh horse shit in the grass pasture while Mella smiles brightly along with Lissa’s.
Josh swiftly introduces to Mella, smiling with a big goofy grin then winks his eyelid, left reaching his hand unsuccessfully at Mella’s forearm. “Josh, nice to meet ya…Mella.” Drake violently knocks away Josh’s right hand, right bicep, and his entire body from Mella, standing next to her instead with Lissa hovering on the other side.
Mella arches her silky black eyebrow, left, studying the young teen. “So….you…are… Josh?”
Drake quickly injects, man-pulling Mella into his chest. “Josh, Ash…meet Mella.”
“It worked. Told ya!” Josh leans heavy into Drake’s left eardrum, whispering softly.
“No, it didn’t.” Drake swiftly counters, shoving Josh from him and Mella into Ash as Ash chuckles like a clown then halts Josh’s inertia which was heading towards the set of metal lockers.
“Mella, our new exchange student from…” Lissa flips her five manicured red nails into the air. “…you know.”
“Alaska.” Drake honestly lies.
“She’s the perfect replacement member for my squad.” Lissa boldly proclaims, bobbing her skull at her majorettes, grinning with a perfect smile.
Homewood High School Band Majorette Squad. The seven baton twirlers for the Band literally and figuratively contain the most beautiful females in High School from Grades 10th to 12th since these girls win all the beauty pageants held in the city, the county and the State of Alabama like….white on rice.
“Squad?” Drake repeats, screwing his eyebrows, ugly.
“Lissa means the majorette beauty line-up.” Ash clarifies, smiling brightly at the line-up that surrounds their leader Lissa.
The six majorettes tall from a series of varied heights from 5’11” to 6’1” with their long model legs, their tiny waists, their flat abdomens, and a breast size range from big C to double D’s. Yeah! The real life Amazon-queens bow down their skulls to one and only Amazon-princess Lissa head majorette and leader of the “Earth” goddesses.
Lissa stands, warrior-like with her designer heels apart by six inches and her folded finger pads on her waist between the tall beauties, appearing petite, cute, and adorable at a total height of five feet and two inches with a tiny waist and her set of big boobs along with her long blonde sun highlighted curly hair on tanned sun-kissed skin. The other twirlers possess ghostly pale-complexions with a crown of long straight black hair to their waistlines since Lissa likes to stand, not think…outside the box. The combination of clashing color and odd shapes makes the majorette field squad form kinda like an Oreo-cookie but with a horizontal-shaped adaption.
“She can’t.” Drake violently retorts since he has noted too late that Mella possesses all the right assets for majorette duty in the Band. She is tall, pale, breasts, and beautiful as Drake’s sub-conscious mental imagination vividly envisions Mella in that stretchy tight two-pieced fabric much like a skimpy bathing suit top and shorty-shorts as he grunts, animal-like.
Drake neck snaps his skull and eye burns grinning Ash and drooling Josh, quickly. Yeah! They invade his day dream as well.
“She can. I just asked her. Mella has accepted. So, the matter is settled, Drayton.” Lissa neck snaps her skull to Mella, smiling friendly, giggling in her girly twang.
Drake painfully tenses with his neck muscles while her wrinkles his forehead, ugly, pinpointing. “Mella, can you twirl a baton?” Then, he thinks better of the implied question since Mella can acquire any Earth talent by touching the Human subject with her Destroyer-angel talent Sorbeo. Like that, she can twirl a baton, maybe two or…more with her Angel powers as Drake exhales, wiping both hands across his face and whiskers.
“Yes.” Mella puffs musically, tenderly touching Drake’s right bicep. “Please, I want to play…”
“…in the Band at the football game on Friday night.” Lissa finishes with a pretty smile.
“She doesn’t have a…costume, Lissa.” Drake intellectually debates.
Lissa swiftly retorts. “She can wear Trish’s. They’re the same height and weight.”
“Vetoed, Drake.” Ash injects, grinning with a toothy smile at Mella.
Drake neck snaps at him, yelling viciously. “Shut up, Ash.” He swings his skull back to Lissa, debating brilliantly. “She doesn’t know the routines, Lissa. The game’s on Friday.”
Lissa explains. “There is no twirling baton routine needed since we march straight down the field to a set of drum taps, posing in the military arch for the walk-through of the nominated Homecoming Princes and Princesses.”
“Vetoed, Drake.” Ash injects, grinning with a toothy smile at Mella.
Drake neck snaps at him, yelling violently. “Shut up, Ash.” He face flips back to Lissa and finely argues. “She ain’t going to finish the Winter term at school for the rest of the football games.”
Lissa comments, fiery. “That’s purr….because Trish gets her leg cast off in three weeks. She’ll want her position back on the squad.”
“Vetoed, Drake.” Ash injects, grinning with a toothy at Mella.
Drake neck snaps his skull to Ash, yelling ferociously. “Shut up, Ash.”
Lissa regally poses like an Amazon-princess and opens her horizontal palm in mid-air, slamming playfully her manicured sharp red finger nails into Drake’s chest. “Wallet. Open. Money.”
“You get paid…” Josh swiftly starts. “…to perform what act…or acts, Lissa…?” He laughs with a hardy tone, elbowing his pointy bone at Ash’s rib cage as Ash sniggers like a weasel.
“What now, Lissa?” Drake whines like he stomped his cowboy boots in a pile of fresh green cow shit.
“Why ya paying money to Lissa…Drake?” Ash asks, eye burning Lissa.
“Band fees to join the club, baton, boots…” Lissa lists.
“Boobs.” Josh adjusts and sniggers.
“Shut it, Josh.” Drake fondly phrases.
“That’s a given.” Ash yells but leans into Josh’s eardrum for amusement as Josh bobs his skull up and down like a circus pony and grins with a wicked smile.
“Shut it, Ash.” Drake shouts at Ash as he eye burns Josh with his slanted eyelids that means Drakes doesn’t need any more vocal advice as Josh and Ash howl with forest wolf laughter.
“Money, now.” Lissa orders as her sharp manicured middle finger nail stabs into Drake’s T-shirt.
“Now, I see why ya dumped her…Drake.” Josh words at the wrong time.
Lissa quickly adjusts her body into her warrior stance by parking her hands on her hips and sandals apart, readying for fight then raises her arched golden honey blonde eyebrow, right and questions. “Who dumped whom?”
“Shut it, Josh.” Drake fondly phrases, twice.
“Let’s get going majorettes!” Lissa orders. “I’ll pay her fees….and collect the money later…Drayton.”
“Where ya going, Mella?” Drake gently touches her forearm as Mella stops.
“Sixth period, Band practice…” Majorette #2 identifies.
“Now…today?” Drake shocks into a heart attack.
Ash informs, tugging at Drake’s shoulder. “Football practice, too. Don’t wanna be late! Come on, Drake.”
Drake man-pulls Mella closer into his chest, while he needs to talk about this delicate dumb decision as he whispers softly into her right eardrum. “Mella, can I speak with you, privately?”
Lissa lectures. “Mella comes with me. She has to learn to pose her body properly.”
“I don’t see that as a problem for us…guys….” Josh rudely kicks in, smirking happily.
“Position her head exactly.” Majorette #3 clarifies.
“Measure her body for…” Majorette #4 adds.
“I can do that for Mella...” Josh rudely injects, grinning.
“…for forming the arch, properly.” Majorette #5 explains.
During the Half-Time Show at the Football Game, the Band members march to a set of drum taps across the grass field, forming an upside down smiley face on the grass with the Majorette squad at apex. Then, the twirlers create a pretend overhead the head sword military arch using their steel batons as the Homecoming Princes and Princesses carefully wander underneath the Human arch while camera bulbs brightly flash and majorettes widely smile then the Homecoming Queen is quickly crowned.
Lissa gets her “fifteen minutes of fame” for the one night when each couple poses for the camera, Lissa poses and smiles next to class couple while Lissa’s pic shows up the local newspaper, High School yearbook and all the numerous Internet blogs for rest of the Football season. Since, Lissa’s shortness gets her face, neck, and her big boobs into the single photograph opt while the taller majorettes get decapitated. OUCH!
“Say bye-bye to Drake…Mella.” Lissa orders, Hitler-style, while steering Mella and Mella’s right forearm towards the outer doors that leads to the Band Room.
“Bye, Lissa, wissa.” Josh salutations and chuckles like a clown.
Lissa adds wildly. “Mella’ll be bunking at my house with me for the rest of the football season.”
Lissa is a mother hen of Majorette squad. No dating. No frolicking. No boys. Lissa keeps the squad squeaky clean with their Snow White reputations at least during the school months of August to November while the pretty majorettes lead the 175-member Band onto the field and outside the School as Angelic Angel role models for little tiny upcoming future baton twirlers at Homewood High School.
Drake shakes his skull sideways, fearing deeply that the Destroyer-angel might talk…way too much as he retorts. “Don’t think so, Lissa.”
Lissa sweet breathes into Drake’s nostrils. “I know Myra’s not there…at night.”
“Myra?” Majorette #1 inquisitively overhears with her super eardrums.
“Drake’s maid.” Josh substitutes.
“Myra oversees the household since…” Drake updates.
“You…were alone with Drake…at night…” Majorette #2 comments then pauses then neck snaps her skull at Drake then swings her eye ball at Lissa. “Lissa…alone in his house….”
Drake doesn’t want to embarrass Lissa especially front of the majorettes since not a lot of folks know Dad’s away for business…almost every day and night and Lissa has a good reputation since her Daddy’s the big Captain on the Homewood Police Department that carries a bigger gun.
Drake shares. “Myra stayed until 10:00 pm which was Lissa’s curfew at the same time.”
“You live alone, Drake.” Majorette #3 interprets.
“Yes.” Drake puffs musically, staring at Lissa.
“You’re at teen. The law requires…” Majorette #4 blurts.
Drake eye burns at Lissa chivalrously charges. “I have guards.”
“Like body guards that guard his body.” Josh boasts for his pal. “Ya know, Drake is…teen billionaire.”
“Are you dating someone, Drake?” Majorette #5 asks, smiling sweetly.
“Heard you’re free…?” Majorette #1 tattles and winks her eyelash, right at Drake.
Lissa orders. “Attention, Majorettes!”
Josh proclaims. “Drake’s with Mella…now.”
“You…with her…” Majorette #3 finger points with her sharp polished red index finger rudely at Drake then neck snaps her skull to Mella.
Drake clarifies. “Mella’s my guest…house guest.”
“Not any longer, Drake.” Lissa comments without fanfare.
“What, Lissa?” Drake smart-asses.
Lissa jumps. “Drake, we both know you’re a rotten host for any female guests.” Majorette giggles echo against the locker as Lissa shares. “You lack the amenities for any female personnel and…”
“Tampons.” Josh adds for fun then sniggers.
“Please, Lissa.” Drake poses without using his fist, first.
“We… majorettes have female needs…” Lissa lectures.
“Desires…” Josh substitutes and sniggers.
“Perfume.” Lissa lists.
“Smells good.” Josh adds.
“Makeup.” Lissa lists.
“Fresh face.” Josh adjusts.
“Lipstick.” Lissa lists.
“On my shirt…” Josh calls and finger points at his T-shirt and sniggers.
“Knee boots.” Lissa lists.
“On for a while.” Josh storytells.
“Josh?” Lissa reprimands, neck snapping her skull at him.
“What?” Josh smart-asses then grins as he and Ash snigger like a pair of slick weasels.
“Hair products.” Lissa lists.
“I like apples best.” Josh favors.
“Josh?” Lissa reprimands, again.
“What?” Josh smart-asses then chuckles like a clown along with Ash as Drake observes and hears along with Mella and the squad of majorettes.
“Fingernails.” Lissa lists.
“Long and sharp!” Josh describes.
“Josh!” Lissa reprimands more.
“Well, I like them long and sharp…” Josh repeats and sniggers.
“Tiara.” Lissa lists.
“Remove…” Josh yells and sniggers.
“Josh!” Lissa reprimands one more time.
“Off.” Josh adjusts then chuckles like a clown along with Ash.
“Majorette uniform.” Lissa lists.
“I like them sequins.” Josh confesses.
“Josh.” Lissa reprimands.
“I do like them sequins.” Josh honestly confesses, bobbing his skull up and down like a pony along with Ash as Drake stares and hears the stupid teen word exchange.
“Settled.” Lissa victoriously concludes, eye burning Drake. “Mella stays with me.”
“Mella!?” Drake whines like he stepped his right cowboy boot in fresh dog shit in the back yard.
Mella giggles with a musical tone and promises sincerely. “Don’t worry, Drake! I’ll still be your date at the Homecoming Dance.” She pauses for drama then playfully reminds. “This is a new adventure for me and fun…with you and my new fun friends. Is that okay with you, too, Drake?”
Drake feels his neck muscles tense as he slowly drags his right hand over his neck and drags his words. “I guess…so.”
“Thank you, Drake.” Mella joyously bounces on her footballs, tenderly kissing his cheekbone then quickly swings her body to accompany Lissa and her new squad mates to Band practice.
“What’s your probe…man?” Drake neck snaps his skull at Josh, reeling with a set of gritted enamel.
“I want to see her in them shiny sequins.” Josh tattles then snorts like a wild boar and fist-bumps his right hand with Ash’s.
Thursday. Morning. 8:02am. 63°F. Sunny skies. Cool. Lunchroom. Hungry teen stomachs and smashing teen lips swallow either hole, half, or one/fourth of the steamy round brown fluffy buttermilk finger-licking pancakes that drowns in sweet Maple syrup at breakfast time. In the afternoon, the strong and tough guys and gals slowly lug hundreds of canned food items into several parked mobile vans for the Annual Food Drive for the needy families in the county.
Then, the students finish their creative work on their Homeroom floats and costumes for upcoming Homecoming Parade which is held on Friday afternoon while the Football team practices their plays for the winning the Homecoming Game and a few brave and tough students open veins for the Annual Blood Drive that benefits the local Blood Center and hospitals.
5:20pm. Drake sweats, and exhausts with both hunger and anger after his tough football practice for the big Homecoming Game, tomorrow as he manly struts into the empty Band room, seeking kidnapped Mella from her mad and crazy leader Lissa since Drake has seen a single black silky hair, or a pretty primed hindie of Destroyer-angel Mella since lunchtime when Lissa kidnapped her away from his protective steel biceps.
Drake follows by his good pals Ash and Josh, stomping nosily in cowboy boots to Lissa as eyeballs search walls, flooring and open doors then smart-asses. “Where’s Mella….Lissa?”
Josh opines, hotly. “Chill, dog! You’re doggie’s fine…I do mean fine.”
Drake neck snaps his skull to Josh, fondly phrasing. “Shut it, Josh.” He swings his skull and eye burns Lissa, demanding. “Where’s Mella?”
“Miss her, man?” Josh kids, silly.
“I don’t miss her. I’m…” Drake suddenly stalls with the real truth as he stares Lissa and Lissa’s stubborn smile.
“Yes…” Josh pokes.
“Dad’s responsible for her ….” Drake empties and stares at Lissa.
“Yes.” Josh pokes harder.
Drake neck snaps his skull to Josh, lying. “She’s an exchange student, durf.” He eye gleams the head majorette, demanding with fury. “Where’s she, Lissa?”
Lissa dictates. “Drake, darling, I’m responsible for my girls.”
“Where’s she?” Drake demands for a second time with inflaming nostrils like a mad dog.
Lissa drones. “I require all my girls to participate in every activity at the school. These activities build character, integrity….”
“Looks good on a college application…” Ash remarks, business-like, nodding his skull in agreement.
“Where, Lissa?” Drake demands for a third time, almost stomping his boot toe only Lissa’s soft sneakers that she wears at majorette practice.
“You are correct and articulate as always, Ash.” Lissa purposefully subject changes and letting Drake know who the real boss, and smiling fully. “Mella has volunteered to provide the Gift of Life.”
“She’s having a baby…” Josh spits, hotly, neck snapping his face to Drake. “You the…”
Drake neck snaps his skull at Josh, growling like a wounded animal. “Shut it, Josh before I assist you.” He face flips and eye burns Lissa, questioning with a nasty timbre. “Gift of life…what’s the Gift of Life…Lissa? And what does that have to do with Mella?”
Josh words silly, chuckling like a clown. “Well, I guess that’s better than the opposite of life…the Gift of Death… dead, pal...gone...forever….”
Drake neck snaps his skull at Josh, fondly phasing. “Shut up, Josh.” He swings his skull at Lissa, demanding forcefully. “Where. Is. Mella?” He sneers like a mad dog then snorts like a wild boar with invisible steam flowing from his inflamed nostrils.
“Gift of Life is the motto for the Red Cross Blood Drive, Drake.” Ash solves the mystery puzzle.
“Mella’s donating blood.” Drake words with shock.
“A good cause.” Lissa remarks, nodding her skull, once.
Josh presents duck lips, ugly, judging. “A painful adventure, I don’t…”
“Shut it, Josh.” Ash yells as Drake shoots off like a rocket space from the Band Room, sprinting on his footballs while he powerfully shoves the students parked at set of double doors of the School’s auditorium.
Drake swiftly bolts into the open flooring, scanning with eyeballs all the angled cots and chairs and finds her, whispering softly. “Mella?” He dashes to her rescue.
Mella and Mella’s arm stretches lengthwise across the lounge chaise while the Red Cross Nurse punches the girl’s stubborn vein for fourth time as Mella softly cries with wet tears rolling down her pale cheekbones along with a froggy vocal. “Ouch! Hurts.”
Nurse flatly words. “Part of your sacrifice, dear for the sick patients…”
Drake painfully jerks the arm holding the needle from Mella’s forearm, dictating. “Stop that.”
Nurse neck snaps her skull to panting Drake and orders. “Don’t touch me! I will…”
Drake kneecaps his body to Mella, touching her colorful wounded arm then bites back in his nasty baritone trombone. “Mella’s crying, upset. Don’t you care about her well-being, being a caring and compassionate nurse and all?”
Nurse reminds. “She volunteered.”
Drake retorts, patting tenderly Mella’s healthy part of her arm then neck snaps his skull at Nurse. “Not for pain, obviously to me, her veins are deeply embedded for a blood letting.”
Nurse dumps. “She…”
Drake orders, standing and holding Mella’s other hand. “She’s leaving. Let me help you up, Mella.”
Mella words with a new set of glittering wet tears and stares at Drake. “The Gift of Life.” Drake eases Mella’s legs from the sturdy cot, assisting her to stand and then tenderly wraps his steel biceps around the shoulder of her non-injured arm as she cradles the bruised limb to her rib cage.
He gently hugs Mella and lightly pecks her left cheekbone for comfort, whispering softly. “Do you possess veins?”
“I…”
“Do you possess blood?”
“I…” Mella vowels.
“Probably not.” Drake guesses as they slowly stroll toward the archway as he visually examines the failed multiple needle punctures that has caused blue marks upon her arm, inquiring. “Do you bruise?”
“Nicely.” Mella verbs.
“I’ll take you home…” Drake decides, whispering into her left eardrum.
“That’s my job, Drayton.” Lissa overrules, grinning with a toothy smile as she magically appears from the darkness with the Amazon-queens in tow.
“Lissa?” Drake sneers like a mad dog while growling like a wounded animal.
The majorettes form around their injured squad mate, cooing and mewing with advice and assistance as Lissa stands, warrior-like with her hands on her hips, commanding princessly. “Thanks for the save, Drake. We will take it from here. Don’t worry! She’s in good manicured and lotion kiwi scented soft hands.” Lissa holds five finger pads in the air, giggling with a girly tone then perfectly pirouettes and exits with the Majorette squad, yelling. “Tell Drake bye-bye, Mella.”
Friday afternoon. Flat bed trailer. Football team. 66ºF. Bright sunny sky. Hot. Drake fights hard with his assailant as his cotton T-shirt stretches taunt then rips ugly in half down his throat to his belly button, exposing his naked muscular chest and eight-tightly packed abs to the wildly cheering crowds as Josh laughs with a hardy tone and Ash rudely finger points rudely and chuckles like a silly clown.
The Homecoming Parade features a swaying Marching Band, several Homeroom colorful floats, the tumbling Cheerleaders then three Sports-decorated flat bed trailers of showing off the Football, Basketball & Baseball boys and girls impressing the school neighborhood.
“Join the line-up…now, man.” Josh announces, proudly, slapping playfully his rotating folded fists into Drake’s solid chest as Drake junks to the right from the anticipated impact.
Many of the buffed male team players have shucked their T-shirts off their hard bodies, exposing ripped and ripe muscular sinew in the hot warm air waves while they playfully imitate Mr. Universe positions on the flat bed of trailer at the by-passing citizens of Homewood as excited female toss fresh cut flowers onto the float and children throw wrapped candy pieces. While depressed males pitch boos and adults cheer wildly and other laugh and giggle with the fun.
The stereo speaker in the cab of the pick-up truck that pulls the flat bed trailer plays the musical third octave ‘c’ chords with the words. “Strike a pose…Strike a pose…Vogue, vogue, vogue, vogue, vogue…Look around everywhere…” The tune is sing by the pop musician Madonna of the Strike a Pose song in her 1980’s album.
“Strike a pose…” Josh humor, dancing in cowboy boots the two-step while clapping his hands and biceps side to side with the music as the crowd cheers. 
Ash decides. “Atlas dude.”
The participating males…one at a time…twist the half-naked body sideways, facing the crowd then beautifully arches the left bicep into a smooth bump upon his curved arm then kisses with his chin the arch for two seconds. Then, one at a time, each player prettily swings his body sideways to the other side and rolls his right arm upright forming a hard steel muscled left bicep imitating the Greek god Atlas pose as the crowd claps, hoots, yells, and whistles echo to the clouds, wildly.
“Hulk man.” Josh shouts.
The row of half-naked players sway their bodies in front of the crowd then one at a time….each player bends their kneecaps, lowers the chin deeply into the chest and bows their arms pose in the shape of a completed circle, flexing their arm biceps and triceps into twin sets of smoothly curved bumps of flesh as the eight-pack abs stack like a steel chimney tower inside the bare chest then their mouth parts the sounds of a garrison of angry wild animal grunts between their pursed lips as claps, hoots, yells, and whistles invade the air waves more wildly.
“Water boy.” Harvey yells.
The male players…one at a time…raise a pair of scrupled arm muscles evenly with their broad shoulders, pumping the sexy biceps and triceps up and down slowly on their arms, grunting with wild bird toots in musical tone as claps, hoots, yells, and whistles erupt from the crowd with extreme wildness.
The Grand Marshal ends the Homecoming Parade at the front doors of the High School Administration Building by waving his right hand while the Marching Band starts then finishes the School’s Fight Song as High School students who are dress-up in their costumes of cowboys, wizards, pirates, Hollywood starlets, and scary monsters sing and cheer the last trailer that contains the Football Team who continue to show-off their athletic stances on the edge of the flat bed platform, striking goofy muscle poses as the females happily croon. Ash, Drake, and Josh leap-frog from the trailer onto the red clay as they stand, observe, and laugh at late goof balls parked on the wood of the trailer.
School parking lot. Football float. “DRAKE!” Lissa prettily dashes in her indigo blue mid-drift top and matching shorts parade majorette uniform, swaying her baton back and forth in the air then suddenly stops and pants heavy then calls loudly. “Drake!”
Drake neck snaps his skull at Lissa, smiling and holding his arms outward to catch. “Lissa?”
Lissa staccatos then pants for air and words. “Come…Mella…she…”
“Mella?” Drake alarms with shock.
“…trouble.” Lissa finishes then gracefully pirouettes, dashing towards the academic classrooms inside the school campus with Drake, Ash, and Josh running on the heels of her indigo blue sneakers.
Hallway. School Locker. Mella involuntarily leans her shoulder blades against the cold metal lockers as the male heavily invades her space, positioning both his hands between her skull and bad breathing into her nostrils. “I…like…you.” He tenderly gathers a thick stand of her black locks with his right hand then twirls it around his thick fingers.
“I like Drake. Sorry!” Mella clarifies.
He bad breathes, drooling like a mad dog. “Drake’s a lucky boy…but I’m the luckier man.”
“Sorry, Drake’s my man. Please move out of my way...” Mella pushes back with her ten finger pads against his hard steel naked chest since her new shiny baton prettily lies on the opposite end of the hallway from his violent toss of the twirling weapon.
He snorts like a wild boar then wickedly tugs on her thick stand of hair and bad breathes. “I…like…you.”
“You failed numerous vocabulary tests as a child, correct?” Mella concludes.
He releases his finger pads holding her hair then shifts his right index finger, stroking the anterior soft skin of her right arm then slowly adjusts his right hand back against the metal locker. He leans his face into her nostrils as Mella snorts with an invisible steam of fiery fury, thinking about putting this Human inside the locker…for fun.
Drake rounds the wall corner of the hallway, eye burning the male and igniting his fiery fury with a deadly twist of head bashing as he sneers like a wild jungle cat and names. “MELLA.”
Mella pushes her ten finger pads at the male’s chest trying to bugle his bulk since she can’t see anything but his black chest hair then names. “DRAKE.”
Ash suddenly stops, and names. “HARVEY.” Harvey is Mayor’s son who is the ‘worsest’ Football player on the field but gets to work out and stand on the field’s sidelines with his team mates.
Drake swiftly races at Harvey, colliding their steel bodies together like cloud thunder, hitting the school wall like a bomb, sliding to floor like a pair of snakes, rolling on the tile like tree logs as they punch then whack with their folded fists into body parts like a pair of pro boxers, splitting cheekbones, nose holes, and lips like a trained surgeon as red colors the tile like a talented painter.
Ash and Josh rush and separate the fighting teens while Josh drags Harvey towards the lockers, slamming powerfully his back muscles into the metal, pinning Harvey’s collar bone with a pair of steel biceps, and watching the red blood drain down Harvey’s nostrils that Drake has busted with pleasure.
“Whoa, man! Star quarterback don’t need suspension before the big game, tonight.” Ash cautions as he Teddy bear hugs Drake against wall while Drake pumps both his raw fists marred with Harvey’s blood into the air for more destruction between Ash’s armpits.
Mella swiftly gallops to her hero, eye burning his bruised cheekbone and split lip then she switches places with Ash and closetly hugs Drake’s body, tenderly caressing his aching neck muscles with both her warm finger pads. She emerges from the love embrace with bright smiles and eye burns Drake.
Drake gently touches his non-painfully face with both his healed knuckles, feeling an intact cheekbone and the dried blood upon lips, whispering softly. “What…did ya do, Mella?”
“I fixed ya like them Southerns say.” Mella smiles and inquires. “Do you like my handy work?” She giggles with a musical tone.
“Mella.” Drake whispers, hugging her body as Lissa pulls Mella from Drake.
Lissa dictates like a princess. “Okay, Mella. The show’s over.” She drags Mella towards the archway, ordering. “Let’s go, home and get ready for the Homecoming Football Game. We have hair, makeup and placement of our tiara along with the band photos due in two hours, majorettes. Say bye-bye to Drake.” Mella giggles musically, walking backwards on her sneakers and eye burns her hero waving her five finger pads, continuously.
“Time to eat then suit up for game, man.” Ash dictates, tugging lovey-dovey Drake out the opposite door towards the football locker room and football field.
Josh asks, pushing Harvey towards the field, too. “What about It?”
“Bring him along for fun and games…with the boys.” Ash commands while holding a wicked smirk on his face. “Once…they learn about his girl-stealing...” Josh and Ash both roar with evil laughter.
Friday night. Homecoming Game. Homewood High. 54°F. Clear sky. Cool. The Football players rule over the rough and rowdy crowds who continue to echo and cheer their favorite teams before and after the crowning of the Homecoming King and Queen during the Half-Time activities.
Lissa is the head majorette of the seven-person squad of baton twirlers while during this Half-Time activities the Band including the majorettes, the flag bearers, the sword bearers, and the dancers do nothing but watch the crowning of the Homecoming King and Queen then march off the field playing the School’s Fight song entertaining the audience while the Football players rest and refresh for the remaining time of the game.
The clock counts down the last 10 minutes and 43 seconds before the start of Homecoming Dance inside the decorated gym while under the smooth twilight moon and twinkling stars, the country two-steppers will dance to a live Southern rock music upon worn cowboy boots, will eat tons of Southern food, will gulp secret stashes of cold beer under the hollow wooden theater stage which is used for nothin’ but storage. Of course, all this will occur after Drake tosses the winning ball of the winning play for the winning touchdown to win the Homecoming Game. 
Drake claps his hands together after the offensive football huddle, jogging behind Center then he looks with eyeballs to the left then to the right, calling the audio signals. “HIKE.”  The football flies into his ten finger pads with sweaty leather as Drake shifts his body backwards from the Center, as he eye gleams any unprotected Tailback who jerks and jaunts inside the field goal grass.
Harvey purposefully slips his horizontal body down onto the grass as the Defensive Guard leaps, kitten-like over fallen Harvey, lowering his helmet like a launched missile for the full body impact, ramming Drake’s rib cage with the helmet. Drake quickly stumbles backwards and slowly releases the football while he respectfully bows to the Defensive Guard, grabbing his aching ribs in pain then the Defensive Guard backs up then forcefully plows his helmet at Drake’s skull.
Drake lands flat upon back muscles with arms and legs in a spread-eagle formation as he spits blood from his mouth into the air, grunting with pain and snipping the air for oxygen and closes his eyelids from intense pain and nausea dizziness.
“Drake!?” Mella alarmingly screams then leaps, T-rex from the bottom bleacher onto the white gravel, narrowing her eyelashes and observes the medical staff running onto the field to work on Drake.
The mobile cot raises high into the winds, decorating Drake like a Christmas bow across his secured bandaged neck, naked chest and socked feet as Mella follows with her eyeballs the mobile gurney plowing up towards the Football locker room located on top of the hill, seeing the door open then slam shut, locking Drake away from her.
Mella gallops towards the fenced gate that leads to the football as Lissa jerks Mella’s arm with the steel baton, demanding. “Where are you going, Mella?”
“I must check on Drake.” Mella responds as she eye burns Lissa’s gripe on her forearm and growls like a wounded animal.
“Not possible, he’s with the doctors…in the locker room. No girls. No one’s allowed up there but coaches and players. We wait for any news…here in the bleachers.” Lissa motherly lectures to her majorette, while appearing with her own set of sad pupils.
“I must go to Drake.” Mella eye burns Lissa, insisting with fear and worry.
“No, Mella. You’re part of the Marching Band. You’re required to obey me as a majorette. Stay with the Band…until the football has ended in…” Lissa eye burns the Game clock and repeats. “Ten minutes and twenty-two seconds…then we all can visit Drake.” She smiles sweetly.
“I’m going to the restroom.” Mella twists her face from Lissa in the opposite direction of Football Locker Room, gritting her teeth like a wounded animal.
“Over by the Food Concession Stand, the Girl’s Restrooms are on the right.” Lissa directs, watching Mella pace towards the Concession as Mella literally disappears around the corner then arrives beside Drake and Drake’s cot.
Mella temporary freezes in time, space and movement the medical personnel as she gingerly touches the busted nose bridge, split lips, broken collar bone, and bruised spinal cord while she completely heals Drake, smiling sweetly then secretly kisses his soft pink lips as Drake blinks his eyelids once, twice the thrice open and eye burns the porcelain doll before his pupils. “Hello, Prince Charming.” Mella teases as Drake chuckles.
“Drake.” An invisible body voices in his tenor saxophone over Drake’s body. “I thought you…alone. My mistake!” Then, a visible body appears beside Drake then eyeballs Mella, announcing wildly. “It’s time.” They all three disappear totally.
House. Drake Hatem. Gym. 9:02 pm. Mella deftly lands on her booted feet beside horizontal Drake as they position on the hard floor while she kneecaps to his body and violently shakes both his shoulders as Drake uprights his torso upon both of his elbows and eye burn the familiar room, stuttering with befuddlement. “This…gym…” He pauses for drama, announcing. “....my house?”
Within Hatem Manor the gym sets between the Pool House and the kitchen doors as the gym floor gleams with a set of wall mirrors from ceiling to floor on the east side with eight pairs of light and heavy free weights upon their metal stands on the west wall and six different types of Cardio-exercise machines on the north side.
“Correct, Drake.” The tenor saxophone judges and stands alone inside the south empty corner of the Gym, gently dropping his Navy blue briefcase beside the wall.
Mella rudely finger points at the voice of the lone figure, stuttering softly. “He…he…this is your Father…Drake.”
Drake ponders how he got here but is glad his Dad came to the Football Game, snatching after that sneaky quarterback tackle as he nods his skull, once, confirming positively. “Yeah…my Dad! I know he isn’t similar looking to me. I look like my Mama with her black hair, not his blonde.”
Mella eye burns Drake’s Dad, jabbing with her index finger nail and staccatos, slowly and cautiously. “Drake…this…is…that…is…”
Drake cocks his skull sideways at her, asking innocently. “Who do you think this man is, Mella?”
Mella shockingly intros. “This…that…Drake, that’s one of Satan’s generals.”
Drake corrects, chuckling like a clown. “This is my Dad…Mella. His name is Daniel Hatem. He’s got an evil temper and sometimes is a little demonically rough tough attitude with folks…but definitely…not Satan.”
“Not Satan, he…is…a friend of Satan’s. One of Satan’s generals.” Mella honestly updates, staring at his blue eyeballs.
Daniel curves a slow smile onto his pale face which doesn’t resemble his biological child, warning. “You should listen to Destroyer-angels, Drake. They always provide great insight into…trouble.”
Drake slowly stutters and rudely finger points at Mella. “You…you know what she is.”
“Mella…” Daniel names sweetly, shaking his blonde skull side to side then eye burns her as Drake drops his jaw line open and stares at his Dad while Daniel reprimands. “You are such a disappointment, darling. But…this is your first assignment as Destroyer-angel. Satan will understand. I’ll personally take the time to explain to him…every detail. The most important being… (chuckles)….excuse the pun! You are too young and too inexperienced for such a large…job.”
Drake neck snaps his skull to Mella, talking in his scary baritone trombone. “Satan…as in the leader of…evil…forces.”
Mella bobs her skull up and down like a circus pony as Daniel advances toward them then Daniel playfully joshes. “The bad guy…as ya’ll say down South.” She forcefully grabs at Drake’s bicep then back pedals them from Daniel.
Drake protectively shoves Mella behind him, ordering. “Get behind me!” He holds his folded fists in the air.
Daniel slowly taps on polished leather shoes and torments like a Demon. “You can’t protect her, Drake. You’re only a…Human…a puny sub-creature of Earth….”
Drake violently taunts, rolling his folded fists in the air as Mella hides behind his back muscles. “…that can beat your butt any day of the week….”
Daniel soars in volume like an accelerating military cargo plane liftoff roar of laughter, taunting Drake. “Bravo, the little Human has spunk….and fight. Let’s see you bleed, little creature…”
Drake suddenly halts, holding his single palm upright at Daniel, crying. “Wait!” He neck snaps his skull to Mella, enlightening. “Isn’t this the moment when you tell me that I’m some great and powerful awesome Angel of light and might that fights to save you and me from evil?” Mella shakes her black skull side to side without any vocals as Drake confirms. “Right, Mella?”
Mella continues to shake her skull sideways, whispering softly. “No, Drake. You are Human.”
Drake rubs both his dirty hands over his sweaty face then holds both his dirty palms in the air at Daniel stalling his advancement then brilliantly adjusts. “OK! Alright! Then…I’m a great and awesome Demon of dark and bark that fights to save you and me?” Mella continues to shake her skull sideways as Drake confirms. “Right, Mella?”
“No. You’re only a flesh and blood Human, Drake.” Mella verbally confirms as Drake presents duck lips, ugly.
“Great.” Drake whines like he stepped his left cowboy boot in a pile of fresh green horse shit in the front pasture then neck snaps to skull to Daniel and whispers under his breathe. “We are both going to die…”
Daniel torments more and presents a set of dead pan straight pin lips, standing his body regally like a prince with both his arms relaxed to his kneecaps, cocking his skull sideways and studies Drake. “A hundred percent Human son that created from I….a Human boy.” He shakes his skull sideways then bitterly complains.  “Talk about lousy luck.”
“Lousy luck…I’m not lousy or lazy. I’m lucky…” Drake sharply corrects then sneers like a junk yard dog.
“Drake….Daniel is a Fallen-angel meaning he has fallen from the Battle in the Garden of Eden who sided with Satan….forever.” Mella explains, cupping both her palms around Drake’s waist as she stares at Daniel.
“I should be some part Angel or…part Demon…or part ‘something’…” Drake quickly sums with his limited knowledge of Angels and Demons and Hell and Heaven and other super beings living on Earth from his Sunday school’s lessons in church and with his Mom.
“Sorry, son. It seems ‘bad apple rotten’ luck befalls upon the both of us. I want…need an heir for my evil great purpose. You need to be bad to become that heir.” Daniel clarifies.
Drake shakes his skull sideways and confuses. “I don’t understand. I am…”
“…not bad, Drake. You’re a good, kind, generous, thoughtful, and happy Soul.” Mella greatly compliments, smiling as she hides behind Drake’s back muscles.
Drake remembers, reminds, and reminisces as he talks to both Mella while his Dad listens. “My Mom was a good person. She was Human. She cared for everyone….especially me…”
“Your Mom was too caring.” Daniel comments with a touch of sorrow.
“You actually loved her.” Drake confirms with a touch of angry.
“Yes.” Daniel softly whispers, bowing his chin in more sorrow.
Drake smashes his eyelids upright, stomping a left naked foot at Daniel, shouting in rabid dog madness and finger points at him. “You…murdered her because she was caring…good…too kind for your evil purpose.”
Mella firmly interrupts. “No, Drake. Daniel didn’t do that vile act. Your Mom was very truly sick with cancer. She…was destined to die from her cancer illness.”
Drake snorts like a wild boar and viciously predicts. “And…I’m destined to be evil…like you, or die being good…like Mom. So, which is it, Daddy Dearest Daniel?”
Daniel shakes his skull sideways and smiles with the truth. “I am your real Dad, son.”
Drake spits mouth salvia on the tile and violently retorts. “No…you’re…you are different from me.”
“I…hoped you would turn out bad…evil…like me….” Daniel chuckles like a clown and quotes. “A chip off the old block…as those Humans say. Right, Mella?”
Mella names. “Drake…” She neck snaps his skull to Daniel then returns eyeballs to Drake, updating. “You must understand that Fallen-angels can marry other Fallen-angels or Earth-bound Humans and produce offspring…”
Drake mice-squeaks. “Me!”
Mella continues with caution. “Fallen-angels birth little baby Fallen-angels. The mixed couple…”
“My Mom and him…” Drake confirms and rudely finger points at Daniel.
Mella maths. “They have a fifty/fifty percent chance of birthing a super being infant.”
“Tough luck, Human. You lost the coin toss.” Daniel terminates then sniggers like a weasel.
“Then…I’m greatly lucky…that I ain’t born with no super being powers or I’d be like him…” Drake proudly cheers while rudely finger pointing at his real biological super natural Dad. “I’m proud to be a Human and an American.” He snorts like an angry bull at his silly pun in light of the presented dangerous and deadly situation, ending up with him and Mella 100% dead while Drake sure hopes Heaven is as pretty as proclaimed.
“Them…your last words, Human.” Daniel taunts the Southern way then chuckles with his demonic bass tuba like a Devil Dog.
Drake annoys for fun. “Naw, I thinking of more…”
Mella giggles with a musical tone hearing Drake’s victory as Daniel snorts like a fire breathing dragon hearing Drake’s defeat as Mella narrates while she hides behind Drake’s back muscles. “All Fallen-angels possess great supernatural powers, Drake…”
“Like I mentioned before, you can’t save her or yourself….from your fatal demise with a Fallen-angel…meaning…me.” Daniel laughs with a deadly bass tuba and smiles at Drake.
Drake threatens with a deadly vengeance. “Bring it on…Dad! I’ll die trying to defend Mella as best as I can…since I’m made of good…and you’re…”
“…evil. The boy can’t say the darn dirty word. He’s sooo…goody-goody-two-shoes. I should’ve killed you in the crib…when I have the opportunity.” Daniel expresses with contempt.
Drake poses in quiet, wrinkling his forehead and gathering his mental thoughts then softly words. “In… the…crib…” Drake swings his skull at Mella, inquiring with her vast knowledge. “He knew back then that I was going to be a good person. How did he know that? Couldn’t he have changed me with his Fallen-angel powers…to evil, becoming an evil person on Earth?”
Mella tilts her skull to the right, glazing into Drake’s brown pupils, enlightening. “Not really, the essence of all Human beings is the Soul…”
“…which don’t come from Mommie dearest, or Daddie dearest, or Hell.” Daniel adds with mystery.
Drake smashes his eyelids upright, dropping his jaw line, and talking spiritually. “The Soul comes from…Heaven.” Mella smiles brightly and nods her skull, once at Drake’s epiphany.
Mella confirms. “Daniel can see that you’re born to be a good person. He can’t change you, Drake. He can’t stop your progress in the path of light….”

Drake terminates and nods his skull, once. “…only with death…”
“You left something out, Mella.” Daniel glances at his trimmed and clean fingernails, reminding gently.
“No.” Mella softly quotes, eye burning Daniel.
“Yes.” Daniel softly counters, looking at her.
“I…told…the…truth.” Mella words in slow mo.
Daniel curves a slow smile upon his pale face to the left, advising. “Don’t ever trust Destroyer-angels, Drake. They always lie. The lying talent is built into their innate nature…to survive…for any reason and from any cause…”
“Mella tells me the truth.” Drake flips his body around and grabs Mella then protectively wraps his naked steel biceps around her shoulders.
Daniel taunts, curving a slow smile upon his pale face to the left. “Mella can’t protect you, either, Drake. You’re my offspring. You’re off-limits in her domain.”
“I will…watch me.” Mella calls his bluff.
Daniel shakes his skull sideways and rudely finger points at Mella, challenging. “Look at her, Drake…really examine her physical statue. She’s beautiful, alluring…seductive.” Daniel curves a slow smile upon his face to the left then titles. “Seductress…yes...that proper noun comes to mind. Wouldn’t you agree, son? You’re a flesh and blood teenager with raging male hormones.”
Drake quickens. “All Angels are beautiful.”
“No. You haven’t been to…Heaven…” Daniel chuckles like a clown and finishes. “…yet. But I can tell you with honest to goodness truth for darn certain that all Angels are not beautiful. As a matter of fact, the others ones…” He finger points at the ceiling which represents Heaven. “…are really ugly and rounded fat similar to little pale piglets with pink undertones on their bellies.” Daniel laughs with a bass tuba and continues. “You’ll see what I mean when you reach the Pearly Gates meeting St. Peter for the….” He pauses for drama then terminates. “…first time.”
Drake neck snaps his skull to her, questioning. “Is his correct, Mella?”
“Yes.” Mella whispers the word like a set of butterfly wings and realizes the direction this mad-man conversation is turning towards Daniel’s favor.
“Destroyer-angels...” Daniel names, while cocking his skull at Mella. “…are very, very pretty and very, very…” He sniggers like a weasel then states. “…dare I say it…sexy, alluring, seducing…” Then, he names. “Mella.”
Drake inflames with flying fury at Daniel. “Mella told me all that the necessary information about Destroyer-angels. I don’t appreciate your vile explanation or vulgar ideas floating inside my head.”
“Well, then, lad, I’m glad you came out smart.” Daniel pauses for drama then continues. “I guess that I don’t have to mention that Destroyer-angels are the exact opposite of Guardian-angels in every purpose. Guardian-angels are designed to guide and protect the good souls on Earth where Destroyer-angels are created to lead and seduce all the good Souls towards Hell… with her supernatural talents…beauty, brains, breasts…”
“Enough, Daniel!” Drake spits his mouth salvia in the air, stomping his left bare feet on the tile.
“Still protecting the little wretch…” Daniel warns then smiles.
Mella motherly orders in her sexy alto. “Stop it, Daniel. I don’t like your tone or your words.”
“And if I tell you…” Daniel suddenly stops then slowly begins with a bright smile. “This is the part that she left out of her short and sweet narrative of the precious story of Souls.” He grins with a toothy grin then tattles. “Mella works directly for me. She’s my employee in my evil business….my evil empire.”
Drake quickly releases her shoulders then body spins his face to confront her and names. “Mella?”
“I can…” Mella raises both her palms upright in the air then defends.
“I can explain better. I don’t want her giving you the half-way truths mixed in with the full lies.” Daniel pauses to breathe then grins with a toothy and tattles more. “I hired Mella to seduce you, Drake…her first assignment as a Destroyer-angel.”
He mice-squeaks. “What?” Drake paces backward by two steps from Mella, studying studiously her facial expression of parted Ruby red lips and wide doe-eyes of Violet, pondering Daniel’s words, and understands this dire, dangerous, and deadly situation.
“Destroyer-angels are raised differently from us…’bad rotten apple’ Fallen-angels. They are birthed from a pair of Fallen-angels, hence the supernatural talents. As I stated before, not all Angels, Fallen or otherwise are beautiful beings…from a purely esthetic point of view. The cute little babes are jerked from their evil Fallen moms and…” Daniel halts and ponders his next words, explaining. “…trained similar to their counterparts, kinda like a Guardian-angel with a twist.” He chuckles like a silly clown then adds. “…an ingenious wickedly evil twist.” He materializes a set of metal chairs, sitting his bee_hind in the far one then swiftly, motions with his hand into the other two empty seats parallel to him as Mella stomps her majorette boots around the metal then perches on the edge of padded chair with both her hands inside her lap like a Southern lady while she eye burns the tiles then cocks her skull diagonal towards Drake. The three beings form a perfect triangle for story time fun.
Daniel leans his back into the chair, holding right kneecap upright as his heel bangs on the padded fabric, tattling. “The beautiful babe…don’t you think Mella beautiful, Drake?” He chuckles like a silly clown then narrates. “I plucked her from the Nursery, himself. She’s a pretty little thing with her big Violet-colored doe eyes, pale skin, and red lips. Yes, a pretty little girl that grows into a beautiful teenager. Mella is real, not fake like some of these other High School females with their plastic body parts. Mella is only a teen seventeen years old based on Earth time.” He sniggers like a weasel then recalls “Where am I going? Yes, the pretty girls and guys, we don’t discriminate….in Hell.” He grins with a wicked smile at Mella then continues. “When I finally accepted the fact that my boy…” Drake snorts like a wild boar at his Dad while Daniel ignores the nasty sound then Daniel updates.  “…was a permanent good Soul. I set upon a new course of…(sniggers)….deception using a Destroyer-angel.” He pauses for drama then enlightens. “A Destroyer-angel is…educated with schooling of intelligence, manners of sophistication, and seduction of technique but…whole of innocent.”
“Mella…” Drake whispers like a set of butterfly wing, eye burning the floor.
Daniel torments. “That got your attention...right, boy? All Destroyer-angels are virgins like their counterparts.” He chuckles like a silly clown then continues. “You figured that from the get-go, right, boy?” He smiles with a toothy grin then updates. “Yes, virgins act, look, and even smell different from these nasty others. It’s the whole innocent thing that attracts the good Souls to our side…seduced, sealed, and savored….their motto.” He sniggers like a weasel then shares. “I’ve never seem a Destroyer-angel fail…”
“I failed.” Mella rasps, softly.
Daniel sighs then breathes, deeply, concurring. “You did at that. But…I mentioned before I’ll be discussing the final outcome of your first assignment with Satan, Mella…”
“I…” Mella violently stutters with her internal mental thoughts.
Daniel eye burns her, asking. “Would you like to provide additional information to me, Mella?”
“No.” Mella puffs musically.
Daniel reminds. “I’m your immediate supervisor or have you forgotten your position?”
“No.” Mella huffs musically.
Daniel rubs a single hand over his flaming red haired goatee while he continues to observe Mella, assuring positively. “You aren’t to be blamed for your failure, Mella. The little Human Joshua is truly the cause of your missed opportunity.”
Drake neck snaps his skull to Daniel and violently quizzes. “Joshua, what about Josh?”
“The little Human is clever but really lousy in foreign languages. He translated the wrong Latin phrase ‘light burning’ into ‘light-bearer’…” Daniel pauses for drama then smiles and shares. “All in all a mistake…interfering with my overall evil plan which in turn impacted a lot of beings…Fallen, Destroyer, and Human.”
“Ex lucem ferre.” Drake repeats the Latin words when he read from Josh’s ripped paper performing the stupid chant.
“From Lucifer…” Mella correctly translates, staring down at the floor like Hell.
“I don’t understand. I chanted the words to bring me…” Drake grins with a goofy smile at Mella then names. “…an Angel.” Mella smiles brightly tossing her eyeballs to the floor then back at Drake.
Mella recants the correct English version of Josh’s paper. “You called forth a ‘Destroyer-angel’ when you spoke ‘lucem ferre’ in the Ancient Latin chant. That’s how I appeared…or fell into the water.” She giggles with a musical tone at her mental flashback.
“Then, you were a mistake….for the very beginning.” Drake deducts then neck snaps his skull at Daniel with his parted lips.
“Right, boy? She was a mistake observed by you. I had assigned Mella to you at 11:30 pm Earth time.” Daniel confirms, bobbing his skull up and down like a pony.
“The chant ended at around 6:30 pm Earth time.” Drake recalls.
“Since, Joshua gave you the correct Latin words to vocalize for conjuring a real Destroyer-angel at 6:30 pm Earth time, Mella was sitting idle in limbo until 11: 29 pm for her new assignment from me in Hell, of course. When she entered your space….as Humans say. She immediately descended upon the Earth plane as called brought forth by Joshua’s silly Latin incantation straight to you in our house. I couldn’t stop the process, Mella.” Daniel explains.
Mella growls like an alley cat then spits her mouth salvia into the air. “You knew…about the incantation and my capture.”
Daniel nods his skull, once, grinning with a slimy smirk, confessing. “Of course, I know. I’m your boss and keeper. I have followed all your failing tasks on this assignment.”
“You spied on us.” Drake injects with angry.
“I spied with my spy hoping she would seduce you to the dark side…” Daniel laughs with a hardy tone then terminates. “As it unhappily ended, she didn’t. So, I get the boring task of ending your life…Human.”
Mella stands and kicks the chair with her left boot, screaming violently. “Drake wins. You…can’t change the rules, Daniel.”
“There are only my rules, beautiful babe. I make up the rules that you are required to follow, Mella. A new rule…I’m adding is that the two life forms of my Human son and the meddling Human Joshua.” He neck snaps his skull at Drake then comments. “I can’t allow him to interfere again with my plans. He’s too smart for his own good.”
Drake taunts and grins. “Josh…you can’t harm him. He’s a good Soul. From what, I have heard and learned, you can’t touch him without some kind of bad reprimand…probably from your supervisor, Dad.”
“You’re correct, Drake. But…she can.” Daniel finger points at Mella then chuckles like a silly clown and orders. “You can reprieve yourself, dear.” He smiles, folding his white dress shirt sleeves over his Navy blue sports coat.
“I refuse.” Mella defies and folds her naked arms over her blue sequined majorette uniform.
Daniel smiles and reminds. “We’ll be discussing your little rebellion later, Mella.”
“I’ll protect Drake, first.” Mella devotes moving closer to his body for protection.
Daniel evaporates his personal metal chair with a single wave of his right hand, smiling wickedly then commands. “You will not be trying, Mella. You, more than I, realize your ultimate weaknesses. You are Human as you stand from the chair, yelling at me…very cute, by the way. However…I will be remembering this.”
“Not fully…Human, I still have some Destroyer juice left.” Mella argues.
“Ah! Yes! Your pull from the Ether Zone has left you with very little Demon juice for the ride back home, Mella.” Daniel neck snaps his skull at Drake and wittingly remarks during his weasel sniggering session. “A flaw with the Destroyer models…”
“I’m not flawed.” Mella stingingly bites then stomps her right majorette boot.
“The Destroyer-angel is trained, or more appropriately, treated as Humans with a series of etiquette from proper table manners, excellent communication languages, and goody social skills. Since Humans don’t possess supernatural powers, we don’t allow the Destroyers to zap and zing Humans for fun prey like the Fallen-ones…(chuckles)…therefore, her powers buzz in a weaken state from the lack of utilization.” Daniel explains.
“So, the lack of Destroyer juice keeps her Heavenly innocence intact.” Drake deducts, smiling at Mella.
“Good boy, Drake. Mella can’t conjure material possessions, or project images, or give you the winning six Lottery numbers for tonight’s gambling feat. No, she can only seduce with her long legs and big doe eyes. Do you like her big doe eyes, Drake?” Daniel smiles at Mella, complimenting.
“I can heal.” Mella adds.
Daniel waves a single trimmed clean manicure index fingernail at her, lecturing fatherly. “You will not. You don’t have enough juice to go back home.”
“What?” Mella smart-asses, while she tosses her lips and her arms apart from shock.
“You have a set of self-preservation survival skills, Mella. I didn’t have time to instruct you properly in Earth documentation since you were encapsulated by Joshua. I couldn’t communicate with you….at any level but Human. Since, you are somewhat Human, you can’t see my Fallen form.” Daniel clarifies.
“That didn’t matter. I can take care of myself.” Mella argues.
Daniel roars like an African lion then updates. “You don’t realize how dangerous your Human life is at the moment. You lost over 96% of your powers when you fell from the sky and you have been zapping Destroyer juice all over the place. Yes, I can and do trace it.” He steps his left shoe leather towards her, warning. “Mella, if you lose all your powers and can’t return home…” He suddenly stops then talks in his demonic voice permanently. “You. Will. Die.” He pauses for drama, sharing in his regular tenor saxophone. “You are not Human, but un-natural. You did not belong here and cannot stay. You will dissolve into…nothingness.”
“I will die.” Mella softly translates.
“…very fast, swift without pain, of course.” Daniel softly proclaims.
“I understand.” Mella sadly expresses, bobbing her skull up and down very slowly.
Daniel humors. “Good, I’m glad that’s cleared up, Mella.” Then, he neck snaps his skull to Drake, exclaiming with a loud tenor “Now…back to business…”
“I’m not doing business with you.” Drake rumbles in a deadly baritone trombone.
“You don’t have a choice, Human. I’m your Dad. I’m going to kill you. I’m going to get my riches back, re-marry, produce an heir, and live happily after ever….here on Planet Earth.” Daniel smirks with a set of crooked lips, left and proclaims to the Heavens.
“I’ll going to stop your dreams, Dad.” Drake viciously threatens.
“Look at the bright side, son, you’re going to a really nice place with the other goody-goody folks that I don’t really care about.” Daniel counters with a fiery flame, then sniggers like a weasel.
“Not today, Dad.” Drake kicks in then grins wickedly.
Daniel punts and chuckles like a silly clown. “You’re smart and arrogant….”
“Qualities, I inherited from you, Dad, thanks for the assist.” Drake wits.
Daniel about faces then calmly walks to his briefcase in the corner then kneecaps, reaching inside with one hand and slowly pulls an eighteen-inched golden gleaming curved saber from the Alligator leather, smiles brightly. He soldierly stands with a two-fisted grip, admiring his face in the clear reflection as Mella swiftly charges at Daniel like a rhino with her chin low for permanent physical injury at Daniel.
Daniel twists his waistline sideways then uprights a single palm towards Mella, persuading firmly. “No, Mella. You are not to fight, or get injured. You…are too value to me.”
“I’m not your pawn.” Mella yells, galloping towards Daniel.
“You. Will. Obey. Me.” Daniel slightly shoves at the air currents with his open palm as Mella quickly tumbles backwards in the air like a backward body flip then hits her chair, overturning both of them as Mella lands on her stomach and the chair on top of her back muscles for the final count.
Mella puffs musically. “Pfft!”
Daniel neck snaps his skull at Drake then charges like an angry bull at the un-armed kid as
Drake swiftly lifts his folding chair into both his hands, readying for ultimate short and swift battle. He isn’t giving up hope until no longer breathing, neck snapping his skull to Mella, and seeing her face filled with her fear, sorrow, and regrets. Drake skates his emotional pulse on the edge of his mind and within his heart about Dad, Mella, and Satan, swiftly concluding that Mella is so very innocent after listening to Daniel’s detailed explanation.
Drake powerfully blocks the forward swing of Daniel’s pretty saber with his folded metal chair, rattling his bones from the metacarpal fingers to his metatarsal toes at the intense swift collision being a young and strong teenager, concluding that one of Homewood’s opposing Football Team’s defensive linemen hit harder than this. Then, Drake laughs with a hardy tone from his nervous energy and victory excitement as Daniel strikes a sloppy parry directly into Drake’s homemade body shield. The chair and Daniel’s weak muscles visual quiver from the poor thrust as Daniel back pedals two steps then snarls like a junk yard dog.
Drake swiftly rears the chair upright over the crown of forehead then violently slams it into Daniel’s right shoulder blade which holds the loose swaying golden saber as Daniel quickly drops the weapon to the floor. Clank!
Daniel shockingly stumbles on his dress shoe leathers while back pedaling slowly then hits the wall. Thud! He slowly slides down onto the floor with a set of crooked lips, right and blood from his lips, earlobes, and nose hole. Plop! Drake guards his own body using the folded chair as a body shield waiting for the next surprise strike from his Dad growling like a jungle cat.
Drake studiously observes Daniel and Daniel’s face, suddenly realizing that Daniel doesn’t possess the proper warrior skills to fight in a battle. Too soft! Too old! Too fat! Drake can see pass the once Heavenly being into a real Fallen one that has acquired much material wealth over the many, many centuries on Planet Earth. Dad has always taught Drake to delegate the duties, the tasks, and the responsibilities to the others since Dad is always the commander, not the commanded since the one commander might get killed, or captured without his proper body guards, or his loyal guardians to protect their one and only leader as Drake snorts like a wild boar.
Drake mind switches his brain cells studying the medical visual facts of Daniel, seeing that Daniel shorts at five feet and nine inches compared to his six feet and six inches while he weights heavy at 230 pounds of fat and soft tissues compared to Drake’s poundage of 224 of steel and taunt muscles as Daniel proudly wears his tailor-made designer Navy blue wool suit which is the social status of a billionaire compared to his comfortable T-shirt and jeans which is the real status of a Bama redneck. Daniel breathes hard from his whacked lips, visually sweating raindrops of perspiration from his forehead then coughs sharply from his injured lungs like an ancient Fallen-angel.
Drake neck snaps his skull to Mella figuring Mella is Dad’s weak link and quickly recalls their his social and informative chats with Mella since she is a Destroyer-angel sent to convert Drake to evil side, permanently. Drake chuckles like a silly clown thinking that Josh used a simple silly Latin incantation to conjure up an evil Angel, first before his Dad since Daniel isn’t smart enough allowing his enemy to capture his prize using the young girl to do an old man’s job.
Daniel has tried to use his Fallen-angel super natural powers on Drake. Too old! Daniel must try to hire an assassin just to murder Drake, directly. Too dumb! Daniel has tried to divide Drake in half with the heavy sword. Too weak!
Drake suddenly realizes also that Daniel protects Mella from his waning uncontrolled Fallen-angel magic, shielding Mella from his and Drake’s harm, and needing Mella to finish his evil bidding as Daniel reveals yet another key factor before Drake’s eyeballs that Destroyer-angels are trained to act like Humans to destroy Humans.
Drake executively decides that Mella needs to be destroyed, not Daniel since Daniel is an ancient Demon and direct reports to his boss Satan. If Drake gets freed, Daniel will get punished since all evil beings like to punish each other as Drake snorts like a wild boar.
Drake rapidly gallops to Mella, jerking both the chair and her simultaneously from the floor, pulling Mella tight into his chest, wrapping his right steel bicep around her body securing her inside his tallness so Mella can’t move her arms, wiggle her toe bones, or spit in face as he hears her light sobs float up his right eardrum. Then, Drake offers with tight smirk. “Time to negotiate, Dad.”
Daniel jerks his double chins towards Drake, seeing Mella, sneering like a junk yard dog and commands in his tenor saxophone while he sits on the floor like a toddler that pooped his diaper. “Release her.”
Drake dictates. “I will kill her.”
“No.” Daniel puffs breathlessly and holds his single right palm upright.
“You a betting man, Dad. She’s weak, barely moving in my arm.” Drake relentlessly taunts, squeezing his steel bicep around Mella’s waist. 
“Her time is drawing near, son.” Daniel talks.
“Her time?” Drake questions, wrinkling his forehead and mentally prepares for Daniel’s next surprise attack as he holds his homemade body shield over him and Mella and scans his eyeballs at the ceiling then the floor then returns his eyeballs to Daniel.
Daniel advises while still propped onto the floor folded at his waist with his legs outstretched like a child’s toy. “She arrived at midnight…seven days ago. You were there, son.” He grins then explains. “She must return home by midnight…or…”
“Call me a limo and some guards that I know, then I’ll leave you…” Drake chuckles like a silly clown and terminates. “…and her in peace, Daddy dearest.”
Daniel sighs then breathes, deeply, re-positions his body and crawls on fours (palms and kneecaps) then uprights his torso on his weak knees then slowly stands on two Alligator leather dress shoes then slowly limps his legs to his briefcase in the wall corner and bends at the waist. He pulls his cell, pushing the single button and listens then softly mumbles for two seconds then Daniel replaces his cell into briefcase and uprights like an ancient solider and direct points his right index finger nail at the gym archway without seeing Drake’s face and instructs. “Outside, they wait.”
“They…are outside at the door, Drake.” Mella softly whispers, pressing her cupped hands around Drake’s waist then sadly sobs with wet tears.
Mella doesn’t want to leave Drake or Planet Earth. This place is nice and pretty and safe and warm compared to her other home since her first Home is dark, cold, and ugly since she only recalls the darkness then Daniel then many teachers who teach her about her target Drake. Now, she has to return with Daniel and then see Satan and doesn’t remember meeting Satan…ever.
Drake gently pushes Mella from his chest, spinning her around to face him, memorizing her Violet doe eyes, Ruby red lips, and Ravin hair then swiftly dips his skull and passionately presses his wet lips against her soft rose petals, taunting his Dad into a visual blood lust.
“Release her…now.” Daniel growls like a wounded animal as they slowly surface from kiss and smile at each other.
Drake neck snaps his skull and eye burns Daniel, laughing with a hardy tone at his dull Father as Mella softly whisper while the words float into Drake’s right eardrum. “Walk out the door, Drake, you’ll be safe. I promise.” She eye burns Drake’s strong chin, sad brown eyes, and happy smile for the last time.

Drake violently shoves Mella from his body as she swiftly lands horizontal upon the clean tiles then he quickly twists his body and soldierly marches steady towards the double set of wooden doors out of the Gym since Mella has promised with her whisper to save him even though Drake can’t save her. He is only a flesh and blood Human, not a Fallen-angel, gritting his teeth bitterly.
The familiar faces swiftly barge through the open archway, cocking their skulls in both confusion and mystery at the picture scene then their weapons quickly jerks their eye level at Drake as Drake slows his pace. Then, body guards and body guard weapons vanish, immediately.
“Mella.” Daniel yells in tenor saxophone across the tiles.
“Leave, Drake.” Mella echoes in alto clarinet across the tiles.
Drake soldierly pivots and witnesses angry Daniel limping towards weak Mella since Drake doesn’t exactly know Daniel’s internal limits of his Angel powers but his external face carries more than a small verbal reprimand towards Mella who is getting weaker within her Human body based on Daniel’s detailed explanation.
Daniel frequently repeats to Mella, warning that she must return back Home seven days from her unexpected arrival period or…become so weak that she’ll never go back Home while means that Daniel can’t kill but can really damage Mella before return back home…to Hell.
Drake swiftly races to Mella, sliding on his kneecaps like at First Base safe, covering his horizontal body over her sideways body then threatens like a Cobra snake. “Back off, Daniel! I’m staying and fighting you until Mella transport ….‘cause…” Drake laughs with an evil tone and guesses. “I gots a good feeling that she’s more valuable to Satan….than you.”
“Your quick, boy, I’ll give you that.” Daniel sharply snides as he steadily limps to the both of them.
“I’s got more quick to give you, Dad. So, hurry up.” Drake brilliantly counters then laughs with a hardy tone.
“Respecting me, again, son.” Daniel wittingly inquires then winks his eyelid, right at Drake.
“Only to draw your attention from my frontal attack, Pops.” Drake quickly struggles from a horizontal to a vertical position then swiftly charges like an angry rhino, swinging the folded chair like a baseball bat, and connects to Daniel’s face and three ribs of his rib cage in one fluid sweep.
Daniel tumbles backwards, falling flat onto his back muscles, rolling to his side and splits his mouth salvia mixed with his blood flowing elegantly from his nose holes, lips and ear canals. “Pfft!” Daniel huffs musically.
“He bleeds?” Drake neck snaps his skull to Mella, questioning.
“Yes, and more…whack him again, Drake.” Mella orders with an evil alto, watching Daniel huffing in short puffs from his first set of injuries.
“Yeah.” Drake gallops like a thoroughbred horse, closing the far distance between him and Daniel, and lifts the chair like a rock boulder over Daniel’s skull.
Drake plans to knock the Fallen-angel unconscious, contacting the local police, and getting Daniel arrested for an attempted murder charge to his favorite son or until some other Fallen-angels show up to take care of Daniel…if that works among Angels and Demons.
Daniel swiftly lowers the chair to even with his waist then slams it onto the tile. Boom! He studies the flowing red blood, the loud wheezing sound, and the old ancient Fallen-angel, announcing softly. “He’s unconscious.”
Mella slowly taps her majorette boots, carrying the saber then hands off to Drake and names. “The Sword of Beelzebub.”
Drake gingerly touches the pre-offered saber from Mella, examining beautifully the golden blade attached to the shiny gems of Ruby, Emerald, and Sapphire embedded into slick smooth steel-looking hand hilt, asking shockingly. “Will this work?”
“Better than the folding chair.” Mella wits, posing her body regally and parking her folded fists on her hips over Daniel then giggles musically.
Drake motions a single hand for her from Daniel out of weapon range then swiftly raises the saber with a double fisted gripe over his skull, struts to Daniel as he deeply inhales then violently exhales, studying his Dad then normally inhales then exhales and studies his Dad, twice.
“Drake.” Mella yells.
“I…I…” Drake stutters softly and lowers the heavy weapon. “…can’t do it.” He purposefully drops the saber onto the tile. Clang! He eye burns Dad, then neck snaps his skull to Mella, confessing softly. “Mella, I can’t do it. He’s still flesh and blood…and part of my blood…like I am part of his blood.”
Mella rapidly taps to Drake, eye burning Daniel her boss, wrapping her lean muscles around Drake’s steel chest, wording honestly. “You’re a good Soul, Drake. Daniel…is not. There’ll be more battles with your Dad, Drake. I’m sorry to advice. The cycle of good versus bad…never ends…only continues…until….”
Drake wraps his steel biceps around Mella pulling her from Daniel feeling both her concern, and fear then he smiles sweetly and talks seriously. “We can move…out of Birmingham….to Caribbean…just me…and…” Mella swiftly kneecaps her body onto tile, wrapping her hands around her abdomen as Drake quickly drops onto his knees and wraps his steel biceps around her shoulders, asking worriedly. “What’s wrong? Are you hurt? Did Daniel hurt you? We go to the hospital. You never a physician…”
Mella sadly expresses, flowing a set of wet hot tears, sobbing lightly. “I’m fading. My energy is on the other side, waiting for me…calling me to come back…Home.” She bends at her waist from the pain of weakness almost kissing her forehead to the tiles.
“Fading…to the other side.” Drake mysteriously repeats, not understanding and presses his hands over her shoulders.
“I mentioned before…seven days ago that I can’t stay. I’m not allowed. I must leave. This is the procedure. I vanish into thin air but back to…my Home, Drake…not your home, Earth.” Mella softly words, eye burning the tile and flowing more wet hot tears of sadness.
“What about us…Mella?” Drake confuses.
“There is...not us, Drake. I am a Destroyer-angel.” Mella emphasizes clearly.
“You’re assigned to me based on Daniel’s…explanation.” Drake informs.
“Daniel did assign me to you…then. Now…Daniel is…” Mella slices her eyelids to unconscious Daniel.
“….not dead. I can see his chest inhaling and exhaling.” Drake completes.
“You’re right. He’s not dead…yet. He and Satan…will...well…not good.” Mella terminates with the wrong ending.
Drake rumbles in his sexy baritone trombone. “Have a good time, I reckin’ ”
“A reckoning…yeah, Drake!” Mella playfully teases then lifts her face and eye burns Drake who smiles sweetly and blinks back his wet tears hiding them from her as he tenderly touches her face with both his warm ten finger pads.
Daniel soars in volume like a taxing Boeing 747 jet liner before his vicious attack, calling easily with his Demon-telekinesis the “Sword of Beelzebub” from the floor into his right hand then swiftly slices off Drake’s left leg arm, enjoying his eternally victory as Drake quickly dumps red blood, single left leg, and the rest of his body onto the tiles bleeding tons of red color everywhere.
Mella violently yells. “Petunia, help…him.” She swiftly stands, tossing her skull backwards and eye burns the ceiling that represents Heaven.
Daniel laughs with a hardy tone and spits, crudely. “Wrong side, dear.” He grins with a toothy smile, popping his twenty-one wings feet of dirty, dark, dull gray-colored Fallen-angel wings from the lack of his usage and his personal cleaning since all wings on such as Earth birds, Demon beasts, and Heavenly Angels need attention and care, not abuse. Daniel charges like an angry rhino at Mella, flinging violently in different directions the saber in the air with his single folded fist.
Mella materializes her own defense weapon, the silver “Sword of Mammon” protecting her self and Drake, galloping towards Daniel as Daniel hits the blade low at her legs as Mella hits her blade high at his gold as both the colors prettily flash and minerals beautifully sing in an alto second octave d-flat.
Mella twists her blade sideways, forcing both their sharp tips downward almost touching the clean tile, sneering like an alley cat then bends deeply on her kneecaps and leaps, T-rex into the air, inflating her wings, smiling with a wicked grin.
His skull follows Mella’s magnificent Angel-leap then his skull hangs in space along with his open mouth then Daniel smashes his eyelids upright and swiftly back pedals from her stinking and smelly sulfur acidic wing wake of her part oxygen and part hydrogen, declaring shockingly. “You…you have wings.”
“Yeah, Destroyer-angel comes with a complete set of …fangs…that bite…” She opens her mouth that fills with two sets of protruding small sharp two-inched canine teeth. “…and …wings…that fly, Daniel. You shouldn’t read the manual, pal.” She giggles with a musically tone and swiftly lifts her arms vertical, swishing gracefully her wings, once then she beautifully flies into the twenty feet ceiling and hovers like an Angel.
Mella viciously laughs as her sweet tart echo bounces off the ceiling plaster then narrates as she illustrates. “Hover. Glide. Soar.” She stops her movement then shuffles her arms to her side like a solider along with the straight pin sword position blending against her left leg then tucks her 22 feet of wings into her back muscles a like tiny her pinky finger on a Human hand and promises. “…and kill.”
Mella rapidly plummets by her majorette boots like a space meteorite of Earth gravity toward the floor, stopping six feet inches from the tile and four inches from Daniel’s nose then inflates her red feathers and preciously enfolds her 22 feet of wings around Daniel and Daniel’s gray feathers. Mella lovingly taps the arch of her wing down to the tip of Daniel’s wing matching feather to feather as she feels the Swords of Beelzebub and Mammon disappear from the cocoon.
He worries. “No, Mella.”
Mella loves. “Magnetic moment. Didn’t ya remember, boss?”
“It’s supposed to be a loving touch…” Daniel sweats.
Mella freezes her voice like ice crystals. “In this case, I love you…master…to death.” Mella possesses a talent equal to Daniel within her twenty feet of blood-red wing, wiggling her soft feathers around his fat tummy and expensive Navy wool suit, cocooning Daniel permanently in her sweet loving embrace.
“No, Mella!” Daniel really sweats.
Mella curves her vertical wings gathering and shifting the air wave current of the room’s atmosphere around Daniel, creating a concave of prettily mixed deep royal purple and dark blood-red hue colors as the Angel maneuver sucks up the breathing air like a household vacuum cleaner drawing him closer to her as the swirling forced air surrounds his body like a mouse trap executed by the kitty.
“No, Mella!” Daniel implores.
The outer stuff called skin covers all Humans while the skin under the feathered wings of Angels is a different nature, composite, and purpose. Angel wings protect their body against pathogens, and water loss as well as it functions as insulation, temperature regulation, sensation, and ultimately as a weapon. Angel wings are composed of a series of multiple layers of ecto-dermal tissue, and strong muscles without any broken fragile bones, ligaments, and internal organs…unlike the precious structures of Humans.
The fluffy soft feathers serve for warmth, insulation, and beauty….and magnet to other Angel’s feathers as Mella’s wings touch Daniel’s wing creating a maroon neon magnetic moment in space and time inside the gym floor of Hatem Manor.
In Earth Science for Humans, a magnet is a force that pulls the ferromagnetic materials into an electron shell which attracts, or repels other magnets. In an ordinary ferromagnetic material, the tiny magnets are scattered all over the place, and their magnetic fields cancel each other out thus, no magnetism.
In Angel’s wings, the north arch of wing is attracted to the southern wingtip creating an electrified balance called the “magnetic flux.” The in-between invisible space becomes an electron shell of organized atoms of tiny ferromagnetic particles. The tiny ferromagnetic particles are composed of lead, zinc, copper, brass, nickel, iron, aluminum, and other earth metals floating around the air waves invisible to Human eyeballs and scattered inside the transparent space between an Angel wings. When the tiny ferromagnetic particles de-magnetizes, loosing their individual properties, the Angel field collides into a strong electromagnetic shell which isn’t commonly used as a deadly weapon but a cocoon of sweet embrace.
Mella gathers an electron shell around his body forming a protective maroon magnet cocoon as she snarls like an ugly gator, grinning wickedly and promises. “No escape, Daniel.”
“Mella.” Daniel softly whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings.
The first tap of Daniel’s wing tip quickly produces a flaming mouth acid that violently ejects and coats her pink tongue since Mella doesn’t wanna release Daniel…ever. Then, her body bitterly stings with numerous sprays of Daniel’s external fluid of sulfur acid bursting from his body parts, a common component of a Demon’s inners.
Mella fights against Daniel’s exponential muscle strength and increased body heat from his ancient body and his ancient wings as her Destroyer-angel form quickly absorbs the deadly yellow acids and stinky green fluids into her weak body, closing her eyelids and squashes the intense pain, embracing her love for Drake into her mind, her heart, and her Soul then reaches into her emotional depths pulling the evil feeling into her strength.
“Die, Daniel, die.” Mella hates.
The yellow sulfur acids connects within her DNA atoms, stinging her eyeballs, blacking her wing tips, and consuming her feathers one-at-a-time in a series of free falling tiny red fiery ashes, burning her face with fever along with smoking her inner organs but Daniel is experiencing the same visual, mental, physical and ass-kicking effects of Mella’s magnetic flux. Then, Daniel suddenly stops struggling against her wing cocoon, allowing a blanket of maroon heat to cover him like a bed of thorny stemmed roses.
“Bye, Daniel.” Mella promises.
Mella swiftly jerks her wings apart and seriously fumigates the foul “Daniel” stench from her black half-dead feathers, her burnt body, and her sharp mind as the well done toasted and burnt charred black body quietly tumbles onto the dirty tile vertically then horizontally as Mella sneers like an alley cat then head spins at Drake.
Mella rushes to Drake, pulling his body into her loving arms, wiping very gently his red blood from his face with her soft finger pads and names. “Drake.”
Drake appears like a peaceful sleeping child within her arm as Mella unsuccessfully wills him awake, desiring stupidly his lousy jokes, his precious laugh, his soft lips, and his steel touch as she loudly sobs flowing her wet hot tears from her eye sockets dropping onto his red-stained handsome face.
“He can’t hear or see you, Mella.” Petunia beautifully sings in her musical second octave soprano ‘a’as she lovely strolls in her floor-length robed white silk dress with the showy three feet train, covering her queen-sized soft Angel body. She paths her body from the set of free weights stands lining the west wall towards Mella, rotating her neck muscles around the pretty gymnasium, and admires the Earth stage, only temporary.
Mella softly talks, eye burning and hugging on Drake. “Why didn’t you come when I called?”
“You are not Drake.” Petunia softly words, strolling her body around the parked love birds.
Mella softly talks, eye burning Drake. “He needed you.”
“He didn’t ask for my help.” Petunia argues.
Mella softly words, eye burning Drake. “But I did…”
Petunia debates. “You don’t need any kind or un-kind…help, Mella. You have super being powers….given…by…”
Mella strongly defends and whips her face to Petunia. “I know what I am, Petunia. I ask again. Why didn’t you help, Drake...”
“Rule one, Humans must ask for help.” Petunia raises her short stubby neatly trimmed manicured index finger in the air then counts. “Rule two, we do not interfere…”
“Drake was threatened with evil.” Mella viciously revisits.
“Drake was threatened by his Father…” Petunia elegantly counters.
“An evil more powerful figure in which his weakling son do not know until….” Mella fires back with fury.
“Rule three, Humans must learn from…” Petunia counts, holding three finger pads in the air.
“…their mistakes. Demon poopy, you and I both know that rule…” Mella eye burns Drake then tenderly shifts unconscious Drake to the tile and slowly stands then about faces and briskly stomps her majorette boots three inches from Petunia’s nostrils. Mella deeply inhales then quickly exhales, tattling to Heaven. “You and I both know that rule…can be bent almost into a complete perfect circle without ever breaking…”
Petunia raises her short stubby neatly trimmed manicured index finger in the air, reprimanding softly. “Quiet, Mella. I am the decision maker here, not you.”
“Yeah, what else is new?” Mella swings her body around to Drake, talking softly then kneecaps on the tile and gently touches his right cheekbone, proclaiming. “He’s dying, Petunia.”
“Yes.” Petunia puffs musically, rotating her neck muscles around the large space then settles her eyeballs on Daniel.
“You…you’re so…uncaring…for a…a believable being…” Mella observes, touching gently his soft lips.
“I care.” Petunia words musically in octave ‘a’.
Mella rotates her neck muscles around the gym, wondering. “I don’t see a Death-angel…yet.”
Petunia chin whips her face to the ceiling, shrugging her shoulders, once, talking honestly. “Hanging around for the final breathe…they don’t like crowds.”
Mella nods her skull, once in silence acknowledgement then chin whips her face deep into her chest, surveying Drake and sobs with wet hot tears. Then, she elegantly places her right red painted index finger nail on top of his right bicep, healing completely the small patch of four pink cuts, and three tiny blue bruises then the single red slash zigzagging across his chest.
Then, Mella hovers steady her index finger pad over the new wound then suddenly halts knowing if she completely heals Drake, Mella will run out of her Destroyer juice since she only possesses a very low amount during her entrapment on the Earth plane. If she uses 100% of her juice, Mella can’t go back home to Hell with other Destroyers.
A Destroyer-angel is a special breed of Angels that has been created by Satan occupying the same outer space realm as the Guardian-angels with a single purpose of destroying the Human Soul for traveling to Hell instead of Heaven.
Mella voluntarily blinks the wet water from her eye sockets and rudely sniffs, wiping the clear mucus from her nose with her finger pads, whispering softly. “I’m so sorry, Drake.” She gently touches his eyebrow, left and offends with her nasty alto clarinet. “You’re going to die….since your personalized assigned to protect Guardian-angel…”
“Whoa the stage coach, sister. You’re dissing my turf.” Petunia bites.
Mella neck snaps her skull at Petunia and stings. “Petunia, you are his Guardian-angel. Why wouldn’t you guarding him…from Daniel? From me? From everything?”
“One, Humans must ask for help.” Petunia giggles musically in her flute first octave ‘a’ then tosses.  “You read….way too many teen novels, Mella. That’s not how Angelology works, sister…”
Mella bats the ball out of the park. “Stop calling me that term, I’m not your sister or friend or BFF.”
Petunia pitches, eye burning Drake. “I’m not allowed to jump into the frill and save the day.” She pauses for drama and touches her chubby index finger pad to her double chin, proclaiming. “I like that motto recorded for future reference.” She giggles musically in her flute second octave a-sharp.
“Petunia!” Mella viciously names.
“I’m not allowed to interfere with Human Free Will.” Petunia softly reminds.
Mella vividly recalls since all Guardian-angels are always present but invisible to some Human eye balls. “You witnessed Daniel…sleeping…then fighting…then…slicing Drake’s arm…like the coward he was….” She neck snaps her skull at oven burn toasted Daniel.
“Yeah.”
“You watched, doing nothing.” Mella neck snaps her skull at Petunia and furiously accuses.
“Yeah.”
“How can you call yourself a Guardian-angel?” Mella asks, caressing the soft cheekbone of Drake’s face without any of her Destroyer juice.
Petunia informs. “I watched everything. I am Drake’s Guardian-angel. I saw everything including…you.”
“Me!” Mella mice squeaks.
“Do I hear a mouse? Or is a rat?” Petunia giggles musically in her flute octave third ‘a’ then lectures perfectly. “You’re it, either way, Mella. Where as, I can’t interfere with Drake’s Free Will, you are riding that ancient space shuttle to the dark side of the moon, girlfriend.”
“What are you telling here, Petunia?” Mella softly words.
Petunia dictates. “I am a Guardian-angel...”
“…with the power to save Humans.” Mella finishes.
“You are a Destroyer-angel.” Petunia repeats, grinning.
“Yes.” Mella puffs musically.
“Hence, the name Destroyer of all bad things that you destroy.” Petunia reminds.
“I killed Daniel after he stabbed Drake. That’s what I do….yes.” Mella confesses.
“Let’s have a review lesson.” Petunia rustles her sandaled feet under her long silk white robes like a playfully cat, talking softly, and bobbing her skull up and down like a pony.
“What!?” Mella smart-assess.
“Think back, Mella. You have taught Drake to lie.” Petunia raises the short stubby neatly trimmed manicured index finger, talking honestly.
“To lie!?” Mella confuses.
Petunia names. “Mella Hale. That’s clever I must admit.” She giggles musically in her flute first octave a-sharp.
“Thanks.” Mella accepts and smiles.
“It’s not a compliment…doll…and then Mella is from the country of Alaska.” Petunia adds, raises two short stubby neatly trimmed manicured finger pads in the air.
“Alaska is the 49th state of the US.” Mella quotes the historical fact then wrinkles her forehead as she comments. “That isn’t a lie.”
“Drake’s lie, I correct…you.” Petunia brilliantly adjusts while she slowly pads around the love birds, raising the third short stubby neatly trimmed manicured finger pad in the air and adds. “Then, Mella is in the 12th grade. Come on!”
“I needed a cover.”
Petunia stops her queen-sized body in front of Mella, presenting the three finger pads then folds them into her soft robes, talking seriously. “Cover up! Yeah, you did it. And you got it! That ‘gotten it’ has landed Drake on the naughty list.”
Mella sits upright on her bend leg smashing her majorette boots, folding her naked arms over sequins, eye burning the tile, pondering the words then returns her eyeballs to Drake, pondering the words then neck snaps her skull at Petunia, complaining. “I tire of your riddles, Petunia.”
“Seven days ago, Drake had A++ recorded on his Angel card…now….” Petunia dumps.
Mella neck snaps her skull at Drake then returns her eyeballs at Petunia, growling like a wounded animal and inquires. “What in Heavens does that mean, Petunia? What going on…here?”
Petunia teases. “Ya know for a Destroyer-angel, you’re really dense, sister…”
Mella swiftly kicks in. “We ain’t sisters…babe, just on the opposite side of the plane…get it…not room but plane...like the Celestial plane.”
Petunia quickly returns back. “Got it….non-sister. Well, get this announcement…opposite Angel. It means Drake is going straight to Hell when he stops breathing his last breathe…in your arms…right here….today…in a few more minutes…like soonest.”
“No, way.” Mella tosses.
“Yes, way.” Petunia pitches.
Mella threatens in her usual bass saxophone. “You can save Drake. You’re his Guardian-angel that’s what you…are assigned to do, Petunia.”
Petunia explains. “Too late, you’ve condemned him, you, the big bad Destroyer-angel. You have fulfilled your purpose, Mella set up by Daniel.”
Mella tosses both her palms upright, shaking her hands violently, disagreeing. “No. No. No. I failed.”
Petunia reprimands. “Stopping repeating that word…the new word is…yes…yeah…uh huh…right on!”
Mella viciously yells. “Then, I’ll take you with him.”
Mella jumps, kitten-like from kneecaps to boots, exploding brilliantly her burnt blackened with some blood-red feather on her wings of 22 feet in the air as her burnt damaged black feathers slowly fall to the gym floor, not dissolving. She deeply bends at her knees, swishing gracefully in one fluid swoop, lifting gracefully a full measure of five inches into the air, dropping her chin deep into her chest and magically materializes the Sword of Mammon, threatening deadly. “En guard, Angel…”
Petunia examines her perfect set of neatly trimmed clean manicured short nails without looking at hovering Mella then enlightens. “Your juice is almost gone…Mella. You couldn’t smash a pair of butterfly’s wings into a powder of fine yellow dust.” Petunia lifts her double chins and stares into Mella eye sockets and remarks. “We both know your powers are already on the other side just waiting for your physical body to arrive for healing and recovery.” She neck snaps to her skull at Drake, observing sadly. “Alas, a maneuver poor Drake can’t do.”
“You’re so evil, Petunia.” Mella sneers like an ugly gator, while landing gently beside Drake and kneecaps then she touches his face tenderly with her right hand as the Sword of Mammon disappears from her left hand.
Petunia reprimands. “I am the decision maker, here. How many times do I remind you of that duty?”
“One more time…” Mella smart-asses.
Petunia insults. “You’re stubborn and stupid and selfish but those infantile characteristics come with your impetuous youth and inexperience as a so-called ‘newbie Angel’.”
Mella shakes her skull sideways, questioning seriously. “What are you trying to say to me, Petunia? I simply don’t understand your convoluted statements.”
Petunia tattles. “You can save him if you won’t so selfish…Mella.”
“Save Drake?” Mella repeats and neck snaps her skull to Petunia.
“You have barely enough Destroyer juice to save Drake’s life…until that death thing rolls around…again. The next time is out of my hands.” Petunia waves her chubby neat and trimmed short fingernails sideway indicating that her current Guardian-angel duties ceases, terminally.
“I do.” Mella puzzles.
“You do.” Petunia solves and nods her skull, once.
“If I…” Mella empties.
“….use your remaining Destroyer juice on Drake…then, you become…”
“I don’t understand…” Mella confuses.
“You are an Angel….(snorts nasty)….if I dare use that precious Heavenly term.” She safely cautions, holding up a single palm, lecturing. “Your Angel powers can be shared or …in this case…given away to…others as set by the…rules.”
Mella twists her lips, funny, examining. “Given away to others…like Humans, like other Angels. These are not any Angel rules that I learned during…”
She smiles with a toothy grin of perfect big horse teeth. “You can relinquish your Destroyer juice…if you wanted to…Drake.” Petunia explains and adds. “And may I add, my darling, Mella…ya gots to be the dumbest Destroyer-angel…(giggles with music)…on Planet Earth.”
“He’s dying.” Mella sadly moans with a broken heart, crying heavy wet hot tears from her eye sockets as the tears bombard his face and her arms.
Petunia lectures. “True fact, sweetheart your last bit of Destroyer juice will fix it…as them Southerns like to say….join his missing limb back into his body, then Drake becomes completely intact, while you become simply….”
“….nothingness.” Mella fills.
Petunia elaborates. “No rest, no recovery, no re-assignment…”
“Nothingness.” Mella softly whisper and neck snaps her skull at Daniel as his badly burnt black non-functioning Human body slowly is phrasing in and out then finally will fade and return back to Satan then….nothingness of Daniel for his failure with her as Destroyer-angel that accidentally fall onto the Earth plane.
Petunia waves her plump hand and magically materializes the round clock with a series of big blue digital numbers, displaying the number 13. “You have thirteen seconds before you return to…your place, Mella.”
“Thirteen seconds for what?” Mella neck snaps her skull at Petunia and sees the blue clock counting backwards with number then fully understands.
“Eleven…now.” Petunia counts down with a flute octave third ‘a’ and eye burns Mella.
“I…” Mella vowels, while studying Drake.
“You have ten seconds, now, Mella.”
“I…” Mella vowels for a second time while studying Drake.
“Destroyer of everything…” Petunia shakes her strawberry-blonde skull side to side, knowing that Mella would fail but her Angel supervisor insisted on this ‘dog and pony’ show.
“I…” Mella vowels for a third time while studying Drake.
“Three seconds, Mella.” Petunia countdowns.
Mella quickly rips the football jersey from Drake, exposing his naked chest then firmly drapes both her hands over his heart, the organ of life, closing her long black eyelashes, and quickly flowing the last of her Destroyer juice into his body as Drake glows in a bright purple tint from his hair roots to his toe bones while Mella complete empties her Angel existence.
Mella exhaustively collapse her torso over his soft naked chest, whispering softly like delicate butterfly’s wings with her very last ounce of strength the last heart-felt emotion in the American precious words. “I love you, Drake.” She passionately kisses his soft lips then vanishes into nothingness.
One week and one day later. Saturday morning. House. Drake Hatem. Kitchen. Breakfast. 62ºF. Partly cloudy sky. 8:03am. “I want the bacon.” Ash whines like he stepped his right cowboy boot in a pile of fresh bull crap which he did since both his boots and dirty socks stand on the front steps of the porch while he finger points at the tiny empty spot on his full plate of breakfast items at Drake’s house in the side chair around the kitchen nook.
“You’re a garbage disposal, Ash eat the sausage.” Josh commands, covering his bacon strips…the last ones fixed by Drake with a range of thick spread eagle left finger pads from selfish Ash.
“It gives me gas.” Ash bitches then arrogantly reaches for Josh’s bacon as Josh slides his full plate on the other side of Ash’s long finger pads.
“Then…eat the steak, man.” Josh suggests the alternative and jaw points at the full plate of beef stripes of medium cooked meat.
“I want the bacon.” Ash whines, finger pointing at his tiny spot on his plate.
Josh folds all three fat pieces of meat and fat, then gobbles like a turkey the meat down his esophagus, chewing viciously and quickly swallows the massive hunk of meat then violently coughs as Drake laughs and Ash frowns then Josh viciously coughs for air, holding both hands to his throat as Ash laughs his ass off at goofy Josh.
Drake asks and slowly lifts the glass pitcher of juice. “Need some O.J. to wash it down, Josh.”
Ash swiftly stands, dropping his cloth napkin onto the floor, rushing at Drake and retrieve the full pitcher of orange juice from Drake’s right hand then brotherly reprimands. “No lifting heavy objects.”
“It’s a pitcher of orange juice, Ash.” Drake corrects, screwing his eye brows, ugly then pads to his seat at the kitchen nook.
“Doctor orders, which means that you literally obey them, bro.” Ash kindly reprimands, carrying the full heavy glass object from Drake’s gripe to the breakfast table then nicely pours a glass of juice for Josh then a separate glass for Drake and gentlemanly hands off each tumbler to his pals.
“Eat, sleep, and shit your only rules...man.” Josh obnoxiously recites from his memory by the Homewood Football Physician then gurgles lightly the OJ like mouth wash and swallows the juice, clearing his esophagus of chucky bacon parts.
“I’s got anemia, not having a baby.” Drake special effects with his dry humor then bites into the scrambled eggs.
“You…now…want a baby, Drake?” Josh softly pokes then viciously coughs clearing more bacon parts from his esophagus.
“No, Josh.” Drake quickly addresses.
“Okay, just making sure, since ya gots anemia.” Josh wittingly repeats then furiously coughs and clears more of the bacon parts from his throat then drinks more juice.
Drake nods his skull, once, sitting next to Josh, and lifts his forkful of steamy cheesy scrambled eggs as a salute, reminding. “I’ll been a good boy….eating, sleeping, and defecating regular…okay? Anemia is only….temporary.”
“Until….ya get your mind back.” Josh gurgles instead of chuckles then roughly coughs more of the bacon parts up his esophagus then down his throat and finishes the glass of juice. Ash slides the pitcher of OJ to Josh.
“I’m only missing the few moments of the car accident…and beyond…” Drake unsuccessfully replays, and spoons up the oatmeal, then eats the steamy food.
Ash shakes his brown skull side to side, expressing. “Unbelievable…you set out for the hospital after that sneaky quarterback hit last Friday night inside a perfectly safe big old red ambulance with screaming loud bells and louder whistles with flashing blue lights, when the thing smacks….literally into a big old fire engine red fire truck. Ya…gots to be the luckiest son of guy on Planet Earth, Drake.” He pauses for drama then replays. “Ya awake in your hospital bed in bloody bandages from your skull to your naked feet and don’t remember that defensive end hit, that football game, that car wreck, that entire night then slept like a baby for the past seven days and nights.” He shakes his skull sideways then stops shaking his head and crams his mouth with a forkful of scrambled eggs.
“We won the Homecoming Game without ya, man. Guess you’re no longer the star quarterback.” Josh joshes, while stuffing a spoonful of eggs then chews then coughs his food partials across his plate and reaches for the OJ pitcher.
“Drake’s the star. Hank’s still back up quarterback for next few football games. He hiked the ball from the Center then pitched it the different Tailbacks for the different running patterns down the field for the various touchdowns. He didn’t pass, didn’t throw, and didn’t even call the plays. I did that.” Ash details, while sipping slowly on the cold OJ.
“Ash should be star quarterback.” Drake winks his eyelid, left at Josh then Josh slightly laughs then violently coughs more bacon parts from his throat then drinks down his throat more OJ. 
“We missed the dance. I do remember that…partied with our pal in CCU.” Ash recalls, slapping very gently Drake’s left bicep.
“Doc told me that the deadly wreck involving me, the fire truck, and the sports car smashing like several set of Choo-Choo trains on one single north bound train tracks thinking and pondering about them events ain’t going to revive my memory. It’s too dramatic and painful. My short-term memories are lost and gone...forever.” Drake lectures then eats his breakfast.
“I’m happy you don’t remember that wreck, Drake.” Ash acknowledges, scooping more eggs.
“Myra tells me the same thing.” Drake mentions, drinking the OJ.
“Look buddy, no bad memories except…” Ash comforts.
“Everything…afterwards.” Drake finishes.
Josh jokes. “Afterwards…in the hospital for the past seven days, ya been sleeping and shitting in that tiny tube. What did it feel like shitting in a little tiny tube, Drake?” He laughs then coughs then drinks more juice.
“No defecating talk at the breakfast table, Josh!” Ash reprimands.
“Okay.” Josh says then eats his delicious food.
Ash asks, rotating his neck muscles around the table. “What’s missing?”
“Lissa.” Josh mumbles between his open lips of chewed bites of food.
“Lissa and I are…” Drake starts.
“Done.” Ash finishes.
“Done with Lissa, wissa.” Josh nods his skull, once and smiles then chuckles the coughs and reaches for a new glass of OJ.
Drake informs. “I like rough…but face slaps don’t count.” He wrinkles his forehead, ugly and recalls the mental pic of Lissa slapping his face because he assisted that fallen girl in the hallway while their faces accidentally touched. 
Ash compliments. “Good for you, man. Stand up for your rights as…”
“Rights as what…Ash?” Josh inquires, while wrinkling his eye brows, ugly then coughs and drinks more OJ.
“Rights as teen…males.” Ash announces. “An almost extinct and especially….guarded species.” Then, he chuckles like a silly clown along with Drake.
“Whatever.” Josh smart-asses, cramping the folded buttered and strawberry jam toast in his mouth.
Ash swallows the lump of bread, scanning his eye balls around the breakfast table, inquiring. “What’s missing?”
Josh teases for fun, slapping his jam covered index finger nail over his food stained lips. “Drake’s memory, remember. Shhh! Ash! Don’t remind him.” Then, he smiles and coughs as he sips on the juice.
“I met your Dad, Drake briefly in the football locker room that Friday night, and shook his hands. I’m kinda happy, and sad that he came to the game. How’s the other part of your short memory, Drake?” Ash carefully inquires, staring at Drake.
“So-so.” Drake shrugs his shoulders, once and eats his food.
“Can’t believe you…alone, survived that ambulance wreck last Friday right before midnight at 11:30 pm…I’m sorry about your Dad dying in his sports car…ya know.” Josh offers then drops his eyeballs to his plate, working on the oatmeal.
“Thanks, Josh.” Drake softly salutations then eat.
“Do you miss him, Drake?” Ash asks.
Drake starts. “My Dad and I…we were…he was just my Dad…not around much during my boyhood. I miss my Mom…lots more.”
“So, you own everything.” Josh expresses with interest.
“Yeah, teen billionaire and more…” Drake proclaims then chuckles like a silly clown.
“You’re only a teen. Who’s your guardian, now?” Ash inquires.
Josh explains. “Get real, Drake gots a Heavenly Guardian-angel like stated in the Good Book who watches, waits, and hovers over him especially after that massive three-car wreck in which he was the only surviving Soul. Woo! God bless ya, Drake.” He smiles then dives into the oatmeal.
Drake smiles at Josh then neck snaps his skull at Ash, clarifying. “Myra has offered to adopt me as a son for the next few more months until I’m official the legal of eighteen…” He offers then funs. “Then, I can quit school, the books, and the teachers….”
“Quit school, why would ya…” Ash dumps with pained sorrow.
Drake taunts. “A joke…Ash.”
“Well…Myra is a good person and will protect ya from the boogie man.” Ash jokes then chuckles.
“Naw. Drake’s Guardian-angel protects him.” Josh adjusts.
“Stop with the Angel stuff. I’m tired of your silly Latin incantations…Josh.” Ash reprimands.
Josh shares. “Hey, that silly Latin incantation awoke Drake out of his coma. Eat that, Ash!”
“For two point four seconds, then he vomited green puke over his arm, his gown, and his ugly nurse…(chuckles)….growled like Smokey bear, then went back to sleep for four hours…just luck that you were standing on the other side of the hospital bed, man. Get it right!” Ash replays then chuckles.
“Naw…” Josh puffs musically and shakes his buzz cut sideways.
Drake inquires, smiling. “What silly Latin incantation?”
Ash mentions. “Josh read some hokey pokey words over your body in the hospital bed last Friday night after the car wrecks. He….now…claims your Soul…or some stupid nonsense.”
Josh shakes his buzz cut sideways then corrects. “Not right, Ash. Man, you gets everything wrong. I don’t claim your Soul, Drake. That’s what vampires do, I’m not a vampire.”
“You are definitely something, Josh.” Drake both remarks and chuckles.
“I asked your Guardian-angel to fix ya right up. And it worked. Drake is alive, happy, and healthy.” Josh announces.
“It worked.” Ash questions.
“Josh’s right. It worked.” Drake exclaims and toasts with O.J. tinkling the tumblers with Ash and Josh.
Josh swiftly calls out. “Here! Here!”
“What’s missing?” Ash repeats.
“Eggs. Toast. Strawberry jam. I like the strawberry jam. Drake. Me. You. Nothing a-miss, man.” Josh lists.
Ash snaps his finger pads and announces. “I know. I know what’s missing?”
“Tell us, so’s ya shut it with the missing name game.” Josh comments then chews like a wild monkey on his eggs.
“Fresh Carnations.” Ash names then eye burns Drake for…1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds.
Drake scans the crowded table, noting the hot food, plates, utensils, and his two bestest friends since pre-kindergarten then talks slo mo in his baritone trombone. “O! I guess Myra forget to order them for our Saturday breakfast.”
“Do you feel un-lucky about missing the silly superstition?” Ash inquires.
Josh answers for Drake. “Naw. Drake’s the luckiest teen on Planet Earth.”
Knock. Knock “Door.” Josh spits his food particles over his plate and part of the table.
“Are you expecting company, Drake?” Ash eye burns the kitchen archway, inquiring curiously.
“Naw.” Drake puffs musically and shakes his skull sideways skull then chews his food as Josh stops eating and blinks his eyeballs at Drake.
“It’s Lissa, run and hide, Drake. We’ll hold her off until you crank the truck, Drake.” Josh swiftly stands, while kicking the chair with his left cowboy boot then twists his body, galloping like a horse to the front door, blocking it from Lissa’s entrance.
“Don’t think so, Josh.” Drake yells then stands and yells, again. “Stop, Josh!” He swiftly trots after Josh before he accidentally creates a police scene at his house with a catfight.
Josh slams open the front door, eye burning the girl, and hears the music float into his eardrums as he grins with a goofy smile.
The musical first octave ‘e’ chords the words. “Ravin hair and ruby lips. Sparks fly from her finger tips. Echoed voices in the night. She’s a restless spirit on an endless flight. Whoooo. Hooo. Witchy woman. See how high….” The tune by the rock/roll musical group Eagles of the Witchy Women song recorded on their 1970’s album.
“Hi, there.” Tall, pale with glowing skin against Violet doe-eyes and waist length long straight black hair with Ruby red lips on her heart-shaped face and long legs on her body and big breasts that hides under the tight white cotton T-shirt on the mysterious female, she purrs in her alto saxophone, smiling wickedly at Josh.
“Hey, there…,” Josh greets during his girly giggling session then mouth drools in his baritone trombone, winking his eyelid, left at the pretty girl.
“Move Josh!” Drake violently shoves Josh to the side window then blocks his body inside the archway of the open door, greeting. “Hi, I’m Drake.” He examines the pretty stranger with his eyeballs vertically, first then with his teen emotions second, horizontally as he smiles more fully with a perfect set of white teeth.
The female eye gleams passed the young teen into the lighted interior rooms from the outside front porch, complimenting. “This place is grand.” Then, she returns her eyeballs at Drake and smiles.
“Thanks.” Drake words and smiles, leaning his body against the frame as Ash and Josh flank him and stare at the beautiful girl.
The female presents a set of dead pan straight pin lips then sobers her alto voice. “I’m supposed to tell you sorry, Mr. Hatem. Your delivery guy forgot to leave the order of fresh flowers. Here you go!” She holds upright the freshly snapped stemmed and de-thorned red Roses which are loosely bundled and tied with a purple ribbon.
“Roses!?” Drake confuses, extending his right hand for pretty bundle of garden flowers.
“Sorry, we were out of Carnations, Mr. Hatem.” The female expresses, “…and I think the flower manager likes you, too.” She smiles and giggles with a musical tone.
Josh rudely finger points at the color, expressing. “They’re red…red roses…that means…”
“We know what it means, Josh.” Ash reprimands and reaches around Drake, slapping Josh on his bicep to be quiet.
“Wow! Thanks for bringing over the…roses.” Drake compliments, waving his left hand towards the Living Room, inviting hopefully. “We’re having breakfast. Would you like some food or OJ?”
“No, thank you.” The female polites and shyly smiles.
“One small glass, good for…the bod.” Drake advices, while flirting for fun with the girl.
“No, thank you.” The female polites and smiles.
“O! You’re going back to work.” Drake observes.
“No, I have finished my work for the day.” The female expresses.
“Well, then, join us for breakfast.” Drake asks.
“No, I need to run along but thanks, again.” The female declines.
“Okay.” Drake gives up.
“Are you new, here?” Ash pokes then chuckles. “You don’t carry a twang.”
“Yes, I just transferred from Alaska.” The female words.
Josh quizzes. “Alaska, the country?”
“Alaska is the 49th state of the US.” The female corrects.
“Forgive, Josh, he’s a redneck.” Ash covers.
“Yes…I am at that. Redneck….” Josh agrees, finger pointing at his chest and smiling.
“…and an idiot around pretty girls.” Ash teases as Josh reaches around Drake then slams his folded fist into Ash’s left bicep as Ash chuckles like a silly clown.
“Are you starting Homewood High for your school academic classes?” Drake poses.
She bobs her skull up and down and tattles. “On Monday.”
“Excellent, we’ll see ya around…” Drake smiles.
“Yeah, I’ll be hanging around…here…the great State of Alabama.” The female nods her skull, once, confirming.
“What’s your name?” Drake asks and smiles.
“Mella.” She names, smiles sweetly then gracefully pirouettes her body towards the car.
Four month later. New Year. Jan 18. Birmingham, Alabama. Saturday morning. Breakfast table. Seymore household. 17 years, 3 months, 3 days, 7 hours, 43 minutes, 24 seconds, 23,000 milliseconds and counting. “Every being has a purpose, dear.” Dad proclaims, wrapping up the tail end of another in-depth intense family discussion around food then he wipes his mouth with the napkin and stands from the table, moving his plate into the kitchen sink.
“What’s my purpose?” whining for the 1,001st time with true intrigue and genuine anticipation, placing elbows on my placement at the table, neck snapping my skull at Mom.
“Jam, honey.” Mom sincerely quotes, smiling at me with loving eyeballs and food stained lips then she wipes them clean and re-smiles prettily at me.
“White bread.” Chase adds silly, stuffing the last buttered biscuit into his mouth as he scoops up the last of his eggs mixed with the pig sausage.
15 years old ago. As little kid, I cannot say my proper name “Jan” with the correct consonant since I always smack my lips together forming the alphabetic letter “m” instead of flicking my pink tongue like a snake for the correct alphabetic letter “n.” Then, I pronunciation additional musical sounds making the ending longer since articulating the Southern talk of Alabama highly exaggerates all them words….ya’ll.
I always pronounce my Mom and Dad selected name as “Jam” instead of Jan then…when coupled with Mom’s tender loving sweet endearment that she uses on every family and non-family member settled in Alabama since 1776. Because, it’s a Southern edict to call people by nicknames rather than their real Christian names, my name becomes “Jam, honey.”
Now, add my brother’s… (strictly torturous sarcastic selfish reason)… paired adjective and noun “white bread” after Mom’s greetings, ya get cute. The cute act hasn’t stopped since…1999.
Present. Mom disappears by walking her feet into the kitchen with her dirty plate then returns with a more dirty set of items and commands. “For the time being, until another exciting entity intersects your existence, your current purpose…for both Angel-in-waiting parties, consists of cleaning the dirty disgusting toilet.” The beautifully colored Navy blue bucket stabs in the center with a set of brightly colored stems of hidden stiff plastic brush heads and numerous pointed pouted tips of Industry-strength cleaning detergents that aid our current purpose.
My lips twist like a storm tornado then I grossly react in a piccolo music. “Eww,…Mom.”
“Mom!?” Chase sing sweetly in tenor which always every time translates into ‘I will obey you no matter what dirty task I am given’ as he holds out his dirty breakfast plate and used utensils with his ten finger pads and smiles sweetly at her.
“Now…fulfill the purpose.” Mom demands then hands off the bucket to Chase standing his body from the breakfast table before his grand exit towards his bedroom for playing video games.
“Ah, Mom.” I sing in soprano music as Chase and I stomp our big naked feet into the shared bathing facility, sneering like wandering wild boars at each other.
Chase floats on his feet, not his wings to the twin porcelain sinks, surveying the remnants of invisible germs and bacteria then drops the bucket between them, retrieving at purple handed long stemmed brush and spraying chemically created deodorized lemon scented white foam inside his personal used and abused sink. Chase rumbles in his tenor saxophone. “Soap scum.”
“Toothpaste spittle.” I yell, attacking the lengthwise mirror with the glass spray and clean fabric cloth as we firmly with finger pads and elbows saw, circle, and stroke wooden cabinets, porcelain sinks, and shared glass mirror into a spit shine then we both backpedal and lovingly admire the hard sweaty job. Then, we simultaneously pivot, inspecting new threat.
Chase quickly calls in tenor. “Tub.”
I say late, slowly in alto. “Tub….” I huff and puff my rapid breathing at the other dirty bathroom object within my eye sight.
“Naw. Mine.” Chase perturbingly bites, eye burning the revolting toilet with at least six weeks of grim and guts from Human/Angel-in-waiting usage.
I eye burn the same revolting toilet, voicing smoothly. “We clean…the tub…first…together…(finger points)…then tackle…that thing.”
Chase sighs then breathing deeply and wickedly smiles, proposing. “Or…we sanitize both retched contraptions equally minimizing the foul reek of humanity’s commiseration.” He head spins facing me, grinning fully.
I roller ball my eyeballs up, down, left, and right then smartly insult. “That 164 IQ serves you well…Chase.”
Chase waves four trimmed but dirty fingernails and five wet toenails, only for drama at the filthy apparatuses with a little touch of Heavenly spark then the tub and toilet gleams, glows, and glistens white and shiny like a newly place merchandise purchased from the big famous brand name department store at the local mall.
“Kids, you done.” Mom yells, appearing with face and body inside the door, eye burning from the top left of the shower tile to the bottom right of the toilet seat knob, proclaiming. “Pine scented. Looks nice! Thanks, kids.” Mom approves, nods her skull, once then quickly disappears since this is her usual routine of spying and collecting data for the enemy…or in this case, her and Dad.
I regally pose with the toilet brush as my specter, admiring the clean toilet and tub, inquiring with kitty-cat curiosity. “Where’d ya send the foul reek of humanity’s commiseration?”
“Hell.” Chase sings in tenor, smirking with a crooked set of pink lips, right as I laugh with a girly tone in alto.
We leave the sweet smelling shared bathroom facility, strolling absent-mindedly into the empty hallway as Chase stows the cleaning gear into the bottom rack of the closet as I nervously inquire with my upright good posture while eye burning his face. “Are you scared about your…ya know…Chase?”
“Naw.” Chase sings in tenor using the infamous Southern sound for the English definition that means ‘no’ as he eye burns the wood floor, pretending to examine the wood for more dirt stains since I can feel his deep emotions (that’s part of the Angel thing).
“Been four days…and counting.” I gently remind, eye burning the floor scanning a different section of the vertical planks.
“I’m ready to perform my duty, sis.” Chase heartwarmingly admits, grinning with a nervous twitch.
“I’m jealous.” I confess the truth since I want to perform my duty…now.
Chase swings his skull and twists his lips, ugly, commenting mysteriously. “Jealous…of me? That’s not a…”
“Of the upcoming circumstances for you, then my turn’s next….” I remark both scary and excited, slightly bouncing up and down on my naked tippy toes.
“You’ll do fine and perform your duty, admirably…Jam.” Chase brotherly compliments, smiling at me.
“White bread.” I chase on queue and giggle in soprano with silliness.
My Dad is the director of the local YMCA on the big fifteen-acre complex located on US Highway 31 in the State of Alabama and Mom is the best indoor and outdoor personal tennis instructor at the same campus. Both jobs keep my parents fit, trim, healthy, and happy.
I attend the local High School which is three streets over to the right of my home with my genius handsome talented brother Chase, well, that’s what my best friend Ginger’s compliments since I’d rather not comment.
Chase and I are nine months apart in Human years of measurement, landing in the twin baby crib next to him on October 15 which is known by Humans as the “Sweetest Day” of the year.
Earth year 1922. The sweet holiday is invented by Herbert Birch Kingston of Cleveland, Ohio, wanting to do something nice for his home city. He gathers big boxes with large pounds of chocolate, delivering the boxes of candy to the city’s orphanages and hospitals. By that kind act, today, the original “Sweetest Day of the Year” has evolved into a romantic holiday, similar to Valentine’s Day for but includes the children of boyfriends, girlfriends, husbands, and wives for an exchange of pretty cards, wrapped presents, and shared dinner for two.
Seventeen years ago….the two, husband, and wife includes two others…me and Chase.
Chase is born on January 14 of the same year as me since I’m 17 years old turning 18 in a few more months, lots more days, and megaton of minutes as I excite and thrill to be getting older, and wiser, and other stuff.
Present. We’re a normal happy American family and also a normal happy Angel family. We are Angels from Heaven and my parents are full Angels, 100% real. My brother is 100% Angel since he turned 18 gaining his white Angels wing…four days ago along with me, well…once I turn 18 years old.
Mature Angels possess super natural powers, white wings, bright halos, a couple of white silk flowing robes….just in case of accidents…along with their real toenails, feet, legs, arms, hands, fingernails, and a face of beautiful DNA Angel features all compliments of Our Maker.
The DNA of an Angel is selected by Genetics just like Humans therefore a typical family of Angels does resemble any other family members in the so-called “Earth bound family unit.”
I possess thin naturally straight Champagne soft light blonde on the top crown of my skull with dark blonde strands at the bottom tail….(giggles)…of my pixie hair cut which exposes my pink skin. I possess light green eyes on my face and short legs of five feet and one inched of lean muscle tone.
Mom has a pixie cut like me of butter blonde straight hair with her white creamy skin and hazel eyeballs and shorts at five feet and two inches with a muscular athletic body. My dad has dirty blonde shoulder length hair on a heart-shaped face of peachy-pink skin, golden-green eyeballs and shorts along with me at five feet and four inches of thick curved muscles and my brother has cropped at earlobe-length thin light platinum blonde like shiny baby fine hair with a peachy-beige skin and deep green eyes and shorts like his father at five feet and three inches of taunt steel muscles on his arms and calves.
Mature Angels possess “silver” eyeballs which is part of the day-night illumination process when working as Guardians above the Human while on their Heavenly job since Humans can’t really see us but they sometimes notice the shimmering things very quickly within their eye sight. The Humans believe that the natural effect belongs to a short burst of sunlight over their skulls but it’s us…watching over them. So, when I turn the age of eighteen Earth years, my pupils will become silver. So neat!
Angels also are very fit, trim, and ripped with hard steel muscle tissues even the females and Angels handle one weapon of mass destruction as their life-time task with their life-time duty which comes in the form of a sword made of bright blinding light, heated burning fire, searing sharp tips to cut, and killing to any evil enemy. Super cool!
When mature Guardian-angels marry and produce offspring, they’re assigned neighborhoods on Planet Earth to raise their baby Angels to adulthood so, my parents have been assigned to work and live in the geographical area of Birmingham, Alabama after meeting, dating, and marrying a very, very long time ago.
Angels are family members, also along with the fact that Angels have Moms and Dads and sisters and brothers during their Earth-bound childhood days. When the Angel reaches the age of eighteen years old, Angel adulthood takes over then the Angel leaves Mommy, Daddy, and siblings to carry out their main purpose of existence as…Angels.
I don’t know my purpose, yet.
Over time, adult Guardian-angels can meet and date other mature Angels, marry, and produce their own offspring for the purpose of protecting God’s creatures on the planet of Earth… Humans.
Angel children live on Earth learning, studying, thinking, and feeling like Humans, part of the young Angel experience while learning to protect their futurely assigned ward…Humans. Currently, I’m technically classified as a Human without my wings, halo, magic, and stuff….but…not much longer.
Jan 21. Tuesday afternoon. Living room. Seymore household. 17 years, 3 months, 7 days, 14 hours, 3 minutes, 45 seconds, 46,000 milliseconds, and counting. Mom motions with her single flexible index finger nail moving me towards the living room as I whine like I lost my cell phone. “Family meeting…now. I just got home from school. I’m tired. I’m hungry. I gotta study for my test, Mom. Let’s do this during supper. Okay?” I grab a bottle of pure spring water and a single bag of sunflower seeds as I crack open the bottle and hurl water into my open mouth. I dash on sneakers across the wooden floor through the beautifully curved archway into the Living Room upon seeing Mom, Dad, and Chase leisurely lounging on the recliner, long sofa, and matching the Daisy flower-designed covered loveseat.
“Everyone present and accounted for.” Dad’s nonsense humor states with a non-wittingly tenor saxophone as he smiles brightly and fully with a good set of teeth, patting the empty side of Daisy patterned loveseat for me.
Mom scoots to the end of the sofa, slicing her eyelashes to Dad, announcing wildly. “We…your Dad and I have decided to exhibit the…equipment.”
“We shouldn’t provide and explain extraneous information without permission, dear.” Dad softly comments while busying his eyeballs reading the local newspaper of the city’s current deaths since he likes to exhibit this Human behavior when greatly disagreeing with Mom’s invitation.
“Be prepared just like a Boy Scout. Save time!” Mom prep rallies as Dad wrinkles his forehead, ugly scanning the second page of the newspaper.
“Equipment? What equipment?” I inquire, playing with a handful of sunflower seeds.
“Angel equipment.” Mom words, as she smiles sweetly at me.
I rudely spit the mucus covered chewy sunflower flakes onto the floor, yelling the same exact words with a thrill and intrigue. “Angel equipment…” I swallow the remaining soft chunk of sunflower meat swiftly then guess, hotly. “You mean…I get to…you mean…I can see. I’ve never seen Angel wings before….”
Mom nods her skull, once then expresses. “There’s a reason for that event, Jam, honey.”
“White bread.” Chase chases then grins like a silly circus clown while playing on his cell phone the electronic games as the sound beeps, zings, and bongs assaulting into both of my eardrums.
Mom nosily clears her throat and neck snaps her skull to Dad then shifts her narrowed eyelashes on me, announcing wildly “Because, they’re both delicate and durable and….reserved for your moment…”
I jump, kitten-like from the loveseat, shouting gleefully to the heavens. “I’m getting my wings…today.”
“No, dear.” Mom flatly corrects in her smooth alto clarinet.
“Tomorrow, then.” I substitute my mental thought processing with a different time period.
“No, dear.” Mom corrects, again…more flatly in her alto.
I twist my pretty face and annoy. “When, Mom?” I neck snap my skull to Dad and annoy in my soft alto clarinet. “When, Dad?”
“We don’t know the exact time, Jam, honey.” Mom softly voices, gently cupping her right hand over her left hand inside her lap.
“White bread.” Chase chases as he chuckles like a silly clown, playing on his cell.
“O!” I sing in alto and re-seat in the loveseat as Dad tenderly pats my right kneecap.
“Do you want to see the Angel equipment, Jam?” Mom seriously teases me as I drop my jaw line with shock and surprise.
“Afraid ya freak, Jam.” Chase brutally challenges at me then giggles like a girl as he punches in his text message.
“Not me. I’m ready.” I voice with confidence then overconfidence with a bright smile. “I’m more than ready. Mom, when I get my wings, whose gonna teach….me the in’s and out’s of Angeldom?”
“We taught Chase.” Dad exclaims while reading his newspaper.
“Yeah.” Chase sing in tenor while texting on the cell.
“O! Why are you teaching me…today…now?” I ask with kitty-cat curiosity.
“ ‘Cause ya…a slo mo…be..ing….” Chase stupidly jokes while texting on his cell.
I neck snap my skull to my brother, commenting nasty. “That brilliant 164 IQ serves you well, Chase.” Then, I present fish lips, ugly, and swing my skull back to Mom.
Mom nods her skull, once at Dad, explaining. “Dad and I want you ready for the big exciting event…”
“Today!?” I sing in alto with excitement.
“You’re repeating your questions, white bread.” Chase wits then chuckles like a silly clown while texting on his cell.
“No, dear…but any day…now.” Dad supports while reading his newspaper.
“Any day…which day? Mom? Dad?” I worry with big dark deep concerns.
“We don’t know the exact date of your wing explosion, dear.” Dad adds while reading his newspaper.
“Okay! Well…I’m ready to see the angel wings.” I excite more.
“Good.” Mom claps her open palms onto her white pants then soldierly stands, eye burning her husband who stands folding the newspaper in his ten finger pads then her Angel-radar signals hit at Chase. He stands while texting on his cell then Mom orders. “Everyone stand.”
I repeat with my soft alto. “Stand. Okay.” I obey and stand on my sneakers at five feet and one inch.
Mom gently taps my right collar bone and orders. “Not you, Jam…you sit quietly.”
I re-seat in the love seat as Dad moves right next to Mom as I sing in alto. “Okay.”
Dad finger points at the wall intersection. “Better yet, dear…stand over there out of target range.” Dad wisely counter mans Mom’s command.
I jump, kitten-like and move far away from the loveseat, Dad, and Mom then twirl my body like a tornado then plant sneakers in front of my parents and sing in alto. “Okay.”
Dad motions horizontally his four finger pads away from that wall deeper into the room, ordering. “Against the wall, dear.”
“Alright.” I sing in bass then back walk three more paces along the soft white-painted plastered wall and hit the wall corner with my shoulder blades, hanging in the spot like a green fern plant.
“Stand quietly, dear.” Dad orders, while nodding his skull, once for both love and protection of his only daughter.
“Okay.” I sing in alto, smiling with my clean toothies and bouncing up and down on my sneakers.
“Are you ready, Jam?” Mom asks.
“Yes.” I sing in alto with eagerness.
The Angel wings explode without fanfare as the air currents swirl and twirl around me to the pitch and yaw of the whirling objects as their wings fill the tops of collar bones like a furry white winter coat from any anticipated snow shower, arching in a thin “bell-shaped” curve from their peachy cheekbones down to almost tipping the shiny wooden floor planks.
I stare in awesomeness and sing in alto. “Beautiful.” I blink my eyelashes once, twice then thrice and still see it then tattle tale. “I see a halo.” I bounce up and down on my sneakers with beauty and fun.
“You can see our halos?” Mom smashes her eyelashes against her face and asks with kitty-cat curiosity presenting fish lips, ugly.
“Beautiful.” I sing in alto with awesomeness.
“…and our robes?” Mom swirls her robe side to side as if floats and lifts gracefully form the wooden planks then lands back down over her naked feet as I stare in awesomeness.
“You’re…so…” I talk in slo mo of awesomeness.
“…shiny.” Dad sings in tenor.
“Bright…big and bright and blinding.” I slap my ten finger pads over my eyeballs then peek-a-boo my pupil under the first and two digits as I stare in awesomeness, squinting my eyelashes as the light stings my eyeballs.
Dad hands off a pair of cheap black sunglasses as they float across the room and hover at my throat then I remove my left hand and close my eyelash to the blinding white light and place the glasses over my face as Dad inquires with care and concern. “Here…is it that better, Jam?”
“More better, Dad. Thanks.” I greet, wiggling the sunglasses around my nose bridge for better comfort.
“Keep the shades on to protect your Human eyeballs.” Dad orders with care and concern, smiling at me.
Mom flatly lecture, finger pointing at her personal Angel wing, left. “The posterior wing shapes are called the vaned feathers. Since, they are long and stiff with an asymmetrical design for sky and outer space flight to Heaven while the slick wing alignment works hard and sturdy against the air, natural elements, and other un-natural enemies…(giggles)...the wings are constantly in repair and re-growth. While the feathers aid us in flight for transportation, thermal insulation for warmth, water proofing from rain, snow and other fluids our enemies might explode onto us.” Then, Mom giggles with a kiddie tone.
“…and communication.” Dad mysteriously adds that feature.
“…with our enemies.” Mom seriously question and purses her lips, tightly as I watch the sign language exchange between my parents then Mom neck snaps her skull to me, lecturing. “All Angels are born with white feathers. Depending on our duty in Heaven, the plumage of feathers changes from the primary color of white to an array of rainbow and neon colorations. In our case as Guardians, our feathers change with each ward and the ward’s multi-banded colorful aura of their physical, medical, and psychological conditions….”
“Do we molt…?” I dump.
Chase chuckles like a silly clown, leaning his shortness against the wall while texting on his cell. “…like birdies…no, sis.”
Mom wrinkles her forehead, ugly then continues the Angel lesson. “Our feathers are stuck to us, permanently like glue. But, we are Guardians and we are dutied to ‘guard’ our ward, permanently. Sometimes, we’re required to fight like a ‘guard,’ only temporary. In that process, if our feathers are damaged, they simply fall away into tiny specs of yellow dust and then descend to the Earth plane.”
“Here ya thought all that yellow pollen came from tiny bumble bees. Buzz! Buzz!” Chase hums musically while texting on his cell.
I bounce on my sneakers towards Mom before I slam my right fist into Chase’s bicep, shoving him and his cell phone against the far wall without success since he leans into his moving inertia then stops on a dime as I stand in front of Mom.
Then, I gently caress the extended plume with my index finger and thumb on Mom’s left wing, describing. “Soft like a baby rabbit’s fur. So soft….” I purr in alto and gently touch more of her shiny feather wings then I stretch my left hand across the air waves and touch Dad’s angel equipment. “Soft, also.”
Mom states in alto clarinet. “Standard equipment.”
“Angel equipment.” I brilliantly substitute and giggle in soprano.
I twist around my body, leaning my torso and stomping my left sneaker towards Chase as he huffs musically then snorts like a wild boar and shouts brotherly. “Forget it!” WHOMP! His white shimmery Angel wings reduce like toilet draining water then go instantaneously back into his muscles back as he spins off the wall, plopping his shortness into the oversized chair far…away from me.
“Don’t want Human coodies.” I glare with sister hatred then insult silly.
“Something like that.” Chase answers while texting on his cell phone.
I about face and stand almost on Mom’s toes, touching, and stroking both her soft shoulders of white feathers with my ten fingers, feeling the softness and hardness then carefully observe with Human eyeballs inside the sunglasses. “I count lots of these tiny vaned baby feathers and a few of the long longer wings of stiff white….”
“Pull on it, Jan.” Dad instructs, watching over me with care and concern.
“Can I…really? Will it hurt, Mom?” I worry.
Mom bravely talks. “No pain.”
I quickly yank her left shoulder feather with hard tug as it pulls quiet easy then ask with kitty-cat curiosity. “Does it fall out…ever?” 
“No…dear.” Dad quickly answers.
I inquire with more kitty-cat curiosity. “Do they turn other colors beside white?”
“No…dear.” Dad swiftly addresses, swiftly.
“Do the feathers dull over time to the color of gray…or darker?” I question with extreme kitty-at curiosity.
“No…dear.” Chase answers for Dad and chuckles like a silly clown while texting on his cell.
“O.K. No more questions about…feathers.” I surrender without the bank robbery arm movement and ignore the insult from my bro, sampling the white garment. “Angel robes. I didn’t know.”
Mom lectures in her smooth alto. “You will learn…later…after you receive your wings and more lessons.”
“Soft, silky like silk.” I describe and giggle with a kiddie tone in soprano then ask with kitty-cat curiosity. “Are you…?” I suddenly stop then cock my jaw sideways and think with more kitty-cat curiosity in Mom’s face like mine.
“You what….” Mom puzzles, presenting fish lips, funny at me.
“Are you….ya know…?” I talk slo mo with shyness.
“You know, what dear?” Dad questions with tomcat curiosity.
“…nude under the robes.” I quickly finish with a set of dead pan straight pin lips.
“Jan!?” Mom names in piccolo flute then grins and slightly giggles in soprano at me.
“Just asking?” I turn strawberry red with embarrassment, noting my parents don’t change color in their faces, their halos, or their wings from my nosy un-answered query.
“Angel state….is very different…” Mom lets the words hang in the air waves.
“From Humans…like you…” Chase adds while texting on his cell.
I call. “O.K.” I clap my hands together joyously and state. “When do I…?” whining for the 1,001th time.
Mom honestly talks. “We don’t know….soon.”
I reach up on both my tippy toes and extend my middle finger being the longest digit on my Human hand way up high towards the ceiling to feel the bright halo on Mom’s head but word the question, first. “Can I?”
Mom instructs. “Feel it…yes.” 
I keenly observe as I gently touch the perfectly flat like a geometric straight line figure over Mom’s blonde hair with my middle finger pad. “It’s straight, not round.”
Mom lectures. “Halo is defined as a band of colored light around a lighted object. The object out there….seen by the ancient equipment of Humans, or naked Human eyeballs is usually a cosmic planet, its shiny moon, or a dying sun caused scientifically by refracted light from the silver ice particles suspended in the air around the planet. That’s the Human creation of the term ‘halo.’ Then, the Human draws a rounded disk for no particular reason around each skull of a dead saint and his or her unseen Angel as a circular aura of awe or glory. That too adds to the definition of ‘halo.’ You can visual see even through the black sunglasses that Angel halos are flatter than buttermilk pancakes as the Humans say.” She smiles and giggles in alto music.
I describe. “Doesn’t burn or heat, either? Actually it’s very cool to my fingers.” I stroke my middle finger pad from point A to point B on the flat line like a yard stick and add. “Your halo sits slightly above the crown of hair, not alone naked in the air waves, illuminating the prettiest whitish-yellow light upwards to Heaven like…magic…” I sit back my sneakers onto the wood and admire all the Angel equipment, smiling with happiness and impatiently waiting for my personal gear.
“Angel magic, another new term you will learn in Heaven after your wings, dear.” Dad contributes with care and concern, smiling at me.
Mom lectures. “Its called ‘electromagnetism’. The science concentrates matter with the mixed forces…” She suddenly stops then sweet breaths on my right cheekbone in dissatisfaction since I can feel her deep emotion through Angel-touch as Mom really drills. “Jan, you aren’t studying your Angel lessons. These are very, very important since you are very close…”
“…to getting my wings…when, Mom?” I whine for the 1, 003rd time.
“You are very close for getting into…” Mom dumps.
Dad rescues. “In Angel state, dear, we are….very different from the Humans, especially the teens.”
I neck snap my skull at him and ask with kitty-cat curiosity. “Chase, where’s your halo?”
Chase texts on his cell, singing in tenor. “Deactivated.”
Dad offers. “Optional Angel equipment.”
“I guess…not the robes.” I giggle with a kiddie tone in soprano since this cool special family event is truly spectacular for me because I excite and thrill about becoming an Angel and finally finding out my purpose of being an Angel and permanently possess Angel wings along with the halo, robes, and supernatural magic.
Mom sings in alto. “No.”
“Wow! You’re so grand, angelical, and all that. When do I get my halo?” I inquire with kitty-cat curiosity, searching Mom’s eyeball for the answer.
Mom’s flat halo brightly glows for two full seconds before it disappears from her hair as she instructs. “The wings….come…first…”
“Then, the halo….” I add, smiling with delight.
“Earned.” Chase sing in bass while texting on his cell. 
I neck snap my skull and eye burn Chase and Chase’s chair as he plays on his cell then crinkle my eyebrows and forehead, ugly at the formally and mentally intrigue of the lost clueless non-sense past tense verb.
Mom begins the lesson. “As an Angel, the wings distinguish you from Humans, Creatures, and Beasts…”
“The halo is awarded, dear.” Dad mysteriously adds as my folks talk in some special type of Ancient Greek language, not taught in Mr. Yarbrough’s English Literature High School junior class.
I puzzle. “Awarded by whom?”
Dad plainly talks. “You’ll find that out later in your training.”
I add the noun for more hints. “And the robes…”
Dad plainly talks. “Information is available at the same time as the halo.”
“Wings, when do I?” whining for the 1,004th time.
“We just don’t know, Jan?” Dad repeats for 1,004th time to me as I sigh nosily and breathe deeply with disappointment.
I ask for the nearest cosmic star. “Then, guess, try to guess when?”
Mom quotes with a nice alto. “You’re our little girl….”
“Forever…” Dad finishes that means nothing to me and my wings.
“Dad? Mom?” I whine like I broke my personal laptop.
Mom reminds. “You are a hundred percent Angel with a purpose living on Earth studying and learning about Human experiences from your infancy to your adulthood…”
“At eighteen years old.” Chase completes while texting on his cell.
“At 18, you become an official Heavenly Angel. Your wings emerge sometime between the Human years of 17 and 18, usually days after your 17th birthday.” Dad reminds, again.
“Mine…didn’t…Dad?” I stomp my right sneaker and hold back the gathered fury and might of frustration then complete the angry package. “It has been…days after my birthday and now… months after Chase’s birthday. When?” I sing in soprano.
“We’re very aware that your wings are emerging late…later than your seventeen years of age maybe….closer to your 18th birthday as a Human.” Mom smoothes her ruffled blouse on my chest.
“Preferably after my seventeenth birthday, why’s that?” I inquire with kitty-cat curiosity.
“Time to adjust to the wings….” Mom informs.
“…for active use and some practice time….” Dad finishes.
“If the wings aren’t that heavy…” I recall from Mom’s brief sermon.
Dad describes. “Just a funny sensation at first…”
“O!” I mouth form, cute-like.
Mom elaborates. “The texture is soft and strong with large and small feathers…pure white.”
“You say that twice. Aren’t they always in a pure white color like when birthed?” I present fish lips, ugly and slice my eyeballs at Mom then line my pupils upon Dad then return my eyelashes at Mom.
Mom neck snaps her skull to him, popping the question with surprise. “Are your wings pure white, Chase?”
He soldierly stands, exploding his 16 feet of large white plumes, glittering in his body sweat molecules with sweet smells of pine and musk. He eye burns the floor as his wings return to their holding place then Chase plops his bee_hind and shoulder blades against the Daisy cloth, relaxing and playing on his cell like a guarded prisoner in silence.
“Thank you, Chase.” Mom compliments as I giggle in my alto music since Chase isn’t known for his proper gentleman’s mannered-ways, or kind brotherly manned-ways or any decent Human-like mannered-ways and I hope he is a better Angel than Human.
I guess. ”So, mine are pure white….right?”
Dad informs. “All Angels have pure white tails, dear.”
“Good….that’s good, right?” I puzzle.
“Yes, dear. That’s very good.” Dad agrees and nods his skull, once as I jerk the sunglasses from face and examine the dark black frames since my vision blurs with funny horizontal geometric figures in the light.
I ask with kitty-cat curiosity. “What’da ya do, Dad?” Dad shakes his skull side to side and neck snaps his face to his wife.
“I temporarily turned both your pupils to silver. The color dulls the Angel brightness around our bodies…and maybe clearing your mind for more Angeldom studying.” Mom explains then giggles in alto music.
“Much better, thanks.” I compliment as Dad holds his hand for the sunglasses then I gently place within his open palm.
Dad reminds. “Angel magic.” He vanishes the black sunglasses with his supernatural powers.
Mom talks. “Now, you have seen with your Human and non-Human eyes the equipment of an Angel.”
“When do I get my equipment?” whining for the 1,005th time.
“Come here, Jam!” Mom holds her arms open as I gallop into her bug hug then she closes her silky soft Angel robes around me.
“White bread.” Chase chases while texting on his cell.
“Warm.” I sing in soprano.
“Part of the Angel thing.” Chase contributes while texting on his cell.
I giggle in alto music then ask with kitty-cat curiosity while bouncing up and down on the toes of my sneakers in Mom’s embrace. “I have some many questions. Does it hurt when they expand?”
“No.” Mom sings in alto then releases me from her motherly hug.
“Can you rip, tear, or burn them?” I inquire with kitty-cat curiosity.
“No.” Mom sings in alto.
“Do they drag behind your feet since they’re really large and blinding white?” I question with kitty-cat curiosity.
“Jam, honey.” Mom endears in her alto music.
“White bread.” Chase chases while texting on his cell.
Mom lectures, again. “Angel wings are lightweight and proportioned to fit your body size as well as being indestructible, soft, durable, strong, and embedded into our body, heart, and Angel Soul. Nothing will ever separate you from your wings.”
“Nothing?” I sing in alto with astonishment.
“Absolutely positively nothing, dear.” Dad sweetly adds,
“Part of the Angel thing.” Chase yells while texting on his cell.
My thin blonde hair gently sways around my earlobes in the room from the light breeze of dancing Angel wings as I comment with jealousy. “He tested and graded at 164 I.Q. I simply don’t understand, Mom.” Chase swiftly jerks his jaw upright to face me then smiles wickedly.
I call. “Fool portrait, where’s my cell?” I slap both palms against my front jean’s pocket, searching for my cell phone which I don’t really use since I enjoy the lips-to-lips gossip better with my best girlfriend Ginger as Chase cleans his teeth with the toothpick, sharing another silly grin with the family.
I nosily sigh and breathe deeply swinging my body towards Mom and praising a little but not totally satisfied. “Well, that answers some of my numerous inquires. So, the wings are strength and tough and last a life time. But…what happens at the time when…”
Mom wrinkles her forehead, ugly and questions. “When, what, Jam, honey?”
“White bread.” Chase chases while texting on his cell.
I try to hint. “I’m observant, Mom. My back muscles didn’t have…I mean…the skin is smooth…with no creases…ya know….”
Chase translates while texting on his cell. “Jam wants to know how the wings shoot out of her body…the first time.”
Dad talks. “Well, dear. There are lots of theories.”
I punt. “Theories? Wing theory or…”
Mom talks. “No one knows when the wings will emerge. It depends on the Angel’s launch time.”
“Isn’t my launch time now…later tonight…maybe tomorrow?” whining for the 1,006th time.
Dad reminds, again. “The Celestial time slotted is between the Human years of seventeen years old and eighteen, dear.”
I whine like I lost my car keys. “I’m seventeen…been seventeen years old for months…going on more hours of more days of more months…”
Mom carefully observes. “We’re aware of your time frame regarding your wings, Jam, honey.”
“I can understand my parents not knowing my launch date since Chase has gotten his wings right after his seventeenth day of born but I want is to know how will I recognize the pre-wing symptoms.” I ask with kitty-cat curiosity.
“There aren’t any pre-symptoms like the common cold, dear.” Dad informs.
Chase translates while texting on his cell. “Jam means signs.”
“Chase, care to answer.” Mom encourages.
Chase sings in tenor while texting on his cell. “Nope.”
“Do the wings…” I re-phase question.
“Painful.” Chase chimes in bass music then chuckles like a silly clown while texting on his cell as I visual cringe, horror-like in fear and flight.
“Chase!?” Mom spits, hotly as Chase sniggers like a weasel, texting on his cell.
I inquire with virtual kitty-cat claws for protection to my kitty-cat curiosity. “So, how does the pain really feel…like a painful bruise, a broken bone, a…?”
“You touched my feather. It’s soft.” Mom reminds.
I ask, again. “No, Mom, how does it feel when the wings emerge, pop out, inflate, spread…?”
“Inflate is the best term.” Mom chooses wisely.
Chase substitutes while texting on his cell. “I like…explode.” He chuckles like a silly clown.
Mom whips her Angel wings back into her body. Swish. She decides. “Enough about the Angel equipment. We should discuss briefly…Angel purpose. Sit beside me, Jam, honey.”
“White bread.” Chase chases while texting on his cell.
“Dear, we should wait when the time is right.” Dad meekly suggests to Mom as she shakes her blonde pixie side to side.
“The purpose…” Mom starts, touching my arm with her warm five finger pads.
“Yes.” I sing in oboe music.
“The purpose is the same for every…Angel.” Mom teases for fun.
“Yes.” I sing in flute music.
Mom talks in slo mo. “A millennium or two ago….”
“65,000 BC, Angel purpose started, dear.” Dad swiftly corrects.
“Yes.” I sing in piccolo music.
Mom nosily clears her throat, agreeing meekly. “You’re correct, dear. My mistake!”
“That’s okay, dear.” Dad pleasantly acknowledges.
Mom starts slo mo, again. “The purpose…”
I rudely yell. “Blurt it out, already.” I nosily sigh then breathe deeply, slowing the physical speed of 500 MPH that my heart rate is running like a runaway Choo-choo train.
“Every Angel purpose is to escort a newborn’s Soul to Earth safely into the Mother’s womb for birthing the Human infant into life. That’s our Angel purpose.” Mom announces, grinning with a silly smile while Dad nods his skull, once and Chase plays with his cell in delight.
I smile brightly with my toothies, claps nosily with my palms, and sing musically in my piccolo. “Wow! Super cool!” I visually shape my open palms into an invisible miniature cradle like I’m doing my Angel job for real then I complete my fantasy daydream with my verbal storytell. “I…me…I carry the tiny precious Soul made of little itsy bitsy combo of flesh tissues and bone fragments known as a ‘fetus’ but entitled by the Humans ‘a baby’ giving the infant Human his or her own little life. Wow! That’s awesome. So, that’s how a life begins… on Earth.”
“I like Jam’s description better.” Chase compliments and sniggers like a weasel while staring at me as I twist my lips from a smile into a set of dead pan straight pin lips.
“Why’s that funny, Chase?” I intrigue.
Mom firmly talks to me and reprimands to Chase while she eye burns him in the chair. “Ignore your brother.” Chase chuckles like a silly clown while texting on his cell.
I share the truth. “He’s not my brother, any more. He’s an Angel.” I neck snap my skull at Mom, inquiring with kitty-cat curiosity. “Do I touch the baby’s Soul, Mom?”
“No.” Chase chimes in bass music while texting on his cell.
“It’s a little more complicated then your story book tale, dear.” Dad talks to me. “Which you will learn on your first day of duty….”
I inject with my rude teen Human manners to Dad. “How’s it complicated? I carry the Soul in my hands and give to the Mama-to-be. Wow! Awesome!”
Mom lectures more on Angel purpose to me. “The baby Soul descends for his or her Heavenly Nursery traveling gently in Cloud transportation, not inside any type of entity hands…of Angels or other body parts, Jam.” Mom tenderly pats my kneecap then preaches. “If you had reviewed your Angeldom scripture, you’d remember that Life-angels are the official transporters of baby Souls and do not come equipped with any finger pads, hands, arms, toes, feet, and legs under their robes…for….”
“We as Guardian-angels don’t travel back and forth to Heaven, dear.” Dad mysteriously adds for me.
Mom preaches to me. “The Life-angel carries the tiny creation babes in their Heavenly Nursery cradles to their biological Mamas-to-become on Planet Earth. They do not touch the newborn in fear of contamination of their own Angel karma. However, the baby carriers are composed of cloud puffs of condensed air and dry moisture which forms the baby transport….”
“Ya thought…white swirling clouds are just pretty!” Chase annoys more then sniggers like a weasel in his play world of words while viewing his cell.
I wrinkle my forehead, ugly and crinkle my button nose, cute-like as question with kitty-cat curiosity. “We don’t. But, you did the other day when…” I rudely finger point at Chase as I explain to Dad recalling and regarding his swift exit from High School and his total disappearance from our home on the first day his wings explosion upon his new Angel body.
“The other day was a unique private Angel delicate manner requiring a chat with Saint Michael.” Mom words….way too long.
I kick in as my eyelashes smash against my face. “Chase saw Saint Michael. I get to see him when I travel to Heaven as my first hour as Angel, too.”
Chase jerks his jaw line upright and eye burns me then stings. “Gabriel, Azrael, and their kids. Ya know…we are Guards…in the great battlefield…”
“I know that.” I bite back as Chase chuckles like a silly clown while returning to text on his cell.
Mom preaches to me. “The Life-angel travels from the place of Souls, then she or he places the baby inside the Mama-to-be’s womb with tender loving care.”
“A wonderful loving process. I like it. So, I don’t touch the Soul of the baby…” I quickly paraphrase the one of many Angeldom lessons for the day which should last me for another month or until I possess my Angel wings.
“Naw.” Chase sings in tenor while texting on his cell.
“Then, do I get to do something else with the baby’s Soul? Is that all? I’m still confused.” I shake my blonde pixie side to side with great confusion.
Dad lectures to me. “Angel purpose begins with the Soul and then we defend the baby’s Soul from birth to death. The end.”
“The. End.” Chase staccatos in bass music then chuckles like a silly clown while texting on his cell.
I sing in piccolo music. “Defend?” I look at Mom for a more detailed explanation and remark with shock. “Wow! That’s a strong word for an Angel.” Chase violently coughs in bass tone while texting on his cell.
Mom firmly preaches. “Chase mentioned before WE are Guardian-angels, not Messengers or Warriors or…” She suddenly stops then gathers her mental thoughts, smiling at me then lectures. “Angels have different tasks and…”
“…takes…” Chase sings in bass music while texting on his cell phone.
Mom swiftly stands on her bare feet then follows by Dad standing in his bare feet then she terminates in alto clarinet. “First lesson for the day completed…Jam, honey.”
“White bread.” Chase chases then swiftly stands, then struts his legs towards the archway.
I leap, kitten-like in the air, landing on my sneaker toes in fury then shout. “MOM! DAD!” I watch them calmly stroll through the curved archway of hearing range and eyeball sight then I snort like a wild boar when the telepathy message in alto clarinet fills my crowded mind.
“You’ll receive another Angel lesson…tomorrow…or maybe the next day, Jam, honey.” Mom connects, links and Teles the command into my mind then Mom adds. “I’ll fix some home-made veggie pizza for supper, how’s that?” Mom finishes the mind thing. “Call you, when ready.”
“Yes, ma’am.” I answer in my Human alto clarinet since I can’t speak in Angel-telepathy mind thingy …yet, staring studiously at nothing but hearing the pans shift around in the Kitchen. Chase has boogied out during my screaming session with Mom and Dad missing another opportunity to shouting his cute insult at me. So, I twist my body towards staircase, heading off to my room to do study for my math test for the night.
I stomp in angry upstairs as each football nosily echoes throughout the house since I want more information about an Angel purpose.
Bedroom. Chase technically isn’t called my biological brother, anymore but he is and but he isn’t since…he has acquired his wings and is called officially…an Angel. I don’t have any wings, so, I am called Jan as I giggle in soprano traveling by Human foot up the tall and narrow staircase then right turn towards my private messy teen bedroom.
“Crimson Tail.” A tenor saxophone timbre of an invisible body names as I suddenly stop, pause for drama then twist my body then eye burn smiling Chase with his folded biceps across the T-shirt, leaning inside the doorway of his private neat bedroom.
I brightly smile.
Chase turns his body into his room.
I swiftly follow.
He bumps the wooden headboard with his broad shoulders allowing the sound to echo around the enclosed space since I have closed the door for our top secret Pow Wow as I eagerly sit at his computer desk in the un-comfortable padded roller chair.
“Crimson Tide.” I softly whisper like a dire warning of impeding doom as Chase brightly smiles while my nervous aqua manicured five finger nails nosily tap a weird musical beat on the wooden desk for the proper word I don’t catch…the first time.
“Crimson Tail.” Chase softly repeats.
I explain, presenting fish lips, funny. “O! Thought ya said Crimson Tide, ya know the infamous college Football Team you and Dad watch by standing, and performing like a pair of trained lion seals with the hand clapping, back slapping, foot stomping, mouth drooling, throat growling, dog barking and hick yelling at the re-runs….”
“Re-plays.” Chase sings in tenor while he smiles.
“Whatever!” I sing in piccolo music.
Chase details. “Crimson Tails visually describe an Angel’s status with Heaven’s chain of command…which locates, sis…at the bottom of the mighty Celestial Totem pole. They associate with some of the more known named…bad Angels, dark Angels…maybe, ya heard the other term…Fallen-angels.”
“The bad ones kicked out of Heaven. Yeah, I heard the Celestial term, a time or two.” I nod my skull, once and expand my gossip points that I overhear from my parents late at night while I seek more nourishment for a growing teen Angel.
“And the bad ones kicked out of the Garden of Eden during the Great Battle eons ago.” Chase adds.
“Okay, we established the game rules, now the game begins.” I swiftly initiate.
“Crimson Tails…because the tails of their long pure white wings are coated in…” Chase starts slo mo.
“…blood.” I sing in tenor music with nervousness.
Chase visual cringes from my word then wrinkles his forehead, ugly and present duck lips, ugly making him look mad then seriously questions. “How did you know that, Jam?”
I don’t coward from his empty threat. “Tell me…why do I need to know that, Chase?” I firmly retort, eye burning his face for…1 second. 2 seconds.
“Chase!?” I sing in piccolo music with fear.
“The blood represents…” He pauses for drama and gathers his mental thoughts then nosily sighs and breathes deeply, tattling. “…Souls of dead newborns.” Silence for 1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds. 4 seconds. “Jan!?” Chase sings in tenor as I rapidly stand as the light weight chair hits the wall, tumbling upon its left side then panic and.
I confess. “I can wait on that explanation from Mom and Dad at my next lesson…..ya know…tomorrow’s session, or maybe it’ll come up…later…the day after tomorrow.” I brush the fly-away hair from my sweaty face with my right hand while I still eye burn Chase.
Chase looks at his hands like they contain blood, then neck snaps his skull and eye burns me and confesses. “Mom and Dad won’t tell you…this…Crimson Tails….”
“I can understand why. Then, you didn’t need to either...” I dictate, twisting my body to the archway.
“Jan, please sit down and listen.” Chase firmly orders.
“I…” don’t move and study the carpenter’s woodmanship on the bedroom door which is quite handsome for a plain piece of Oak bark
“Please, Jan.” Chase softly invites.
“Just for a little bit, the pizzas will be here soon.” I offer an excuse and swing my body about then stroll to the edge of the king-sized mattress covered in a brown bedspread of green sea turtles.
“That was last night…” Chase calmly explains, grinning with a wicked smile.
“What was last night?” I nervously question, twisting my lips, funny.
“We had pizza last night for supper, Jam. Mom and Dad are both downstairs cooking spaghetti and meat…tails.” Chase jokes with his sick, dry humor then laughs with a hardy tone at me.
“Chase!? Not fun, or funny, or humorous. I’ll tell Mom.” I tattle tale for real.
“You can do that and tattle as always. Mama’ll deny the word, the sentence, and this entire conversation…” Chase dumps without the musically drum roll as I twist my lips, funny.
I impatiently wait for more Angel data since Chase performs…way too studiously his Angel duty and is prepared to receive any second his Angel purpose. He’s the best source for figuring out an Angel purpose. Yet! I’m afraid to find out more about an Angel purpose.
“Okay…a Crimson-angel…” I start slo mo with nervousness.
Chase strangely details. “Crimson-angel ain’t a nickname to Heaven. The color is a kill ratio. The first kill…”
“Kill…this Crimson-angel killed…kills…has killed…will kill.” I roughly ramble.
Chase brotherly reprimands. “Jan, please sit quietly, while I explain the rest of the act along with the action.”
I nod my skull, once and sing in piccolo music. “O.K.”
Chase lectures. “The first kill of a baby’s Soul by this type of Angel coats the bottom layer of Angel’s soft and tiny vaned feathers turning them into crimson red from pure white.”
“Pure tails are Guardian-angels. That’s another Heavenly nickname.” I word from my memory.
Chase nods his skull, once, informing. “Ya heard that term, I guess.”
I clarify the source of the gossip. “Mom and Dad spoke in riddles sometimes when we were young.”
“Quick Angeldom lesson, since ya don’t study, kiddo….” Chase lectures like Mom.
“Pleaseeee…you imitate Mom…way too much.” I present fish lips, funny and overly compliments then giggle in soprano.
“Jam…as an Angel-in-waiting, you’re required to study, train, and practice…” Chase lectures like Mom in sequence.
I dump. “Cell phone flash there, Angel-boy! No one told me. No one gave me. No one showed…” 
Chase sharply injects with his preaching. “Wing colorations are important datum in distinguishing the major roles of all Celestial assignments. Blacks are Warrior-angels. The more experienced Warrior is decorated with a single or multi-bands of colors, blending the colors like a rank of awesomeness power where silver is the highest honor for a Warrior-angel.
“And…believe me, you’ll learn to respect that rank. Silver is Death-angels. And…believe in me more seriously…Deathers are off limits to Humans, Angels, Demons, and some Aliens I met in the galaxy…last week.” Chase chuckles like a silly clown.
“Aliens!?” I twist my lips, funny pondering that stupid noun.
Chase lectures. “Messengers are multi-colored and multi-patterned.” He snorts like a wild boar then comments. “Don’t ask me the logic. Metatron, Arch-angel of Messenger-angels likes lots of creativity within his flock.” I giggle in soprano as Chase educates. “Blue and pink colors coat the wings of Life-angels but that overall effect is more like a protective shield since their wings are pure white underneath the shielding until they graduate into a new assignment and step up into a new circle…”
“Candy pink for little girls and baby blue for little boys. Aw! So cute! So, colors do come from Heaven.” I purr sweetly folding my finger pads and gingerly touch my jaw line, tilting my skull sideways then batting my eyelashes as I imagine a cute little newborn Human. 
Chase lectures. “Jam, everything comes from Heaven. Satan just steals it since he gots nothin’ to claim but wickedness then he uses and abuses it for his evil purposes. Do not forget that! Your welcome for your…new Angeldom lesson for the day since you don’t….”
“I busy…learning about teen Humans.” I purposefully excuse, tossing my folded fists on the soft bedspread, not affecting the thick mattress or Angel-boy.
Chase roller balls his eyeballs into the rear of skull for drama then flashes his face back to teen normal and hisses like a snake. “Soooo…Guardian-angels start as pure white, then once the Heavenly ward is safely birthed on Planet Earth the baby and Angel bond, immediately. You…as Guardian…over your Soul and your Soul’s favored interests, hobbies, activities…and everything …that kinda changes the coloration of your white Guardian-wings. Think of it like trying different flavors of ice cream, missing your lips, then spilling the flavors all over your clothes, not washing your clothes…ever until the Soul’s pre-set termination date.” He grins with a toothy smile.
“O! That’s a good example for me to understand since I need to study my Angeldom more and will look up that particular reference, tonight…after I study for my Human school tests.” I honestly fib then observe with clueless facts. “However, Mama’s wings are pure white. She’s been a Guardian for centuries…”
“When the Soul ascends to Heaven, then their Guardian wings become fluffy pure white…again.” Chase educates.
“Whyyyy?” I beg for more another treat like a puppy dog.
“There’s a very good explanation explained in your Angeldom lessons…” Chase ends.
“What lessons?” I smart-ass then snigger like a sly weasel.
“Jam?” Chase shakes his skull side to side then subject changes. “Crimson Tail, the blood comes from the unborn Soul of an innocent babe carried by the Life-angel BEFORE entering the Mama-to-be’s womb. It happens when the assigned Guardian-angel loses the physical dog fight for the baby’s Human life.”
I react, hotly. “Before entering the womb…no, Chase, that can’t be right. No one has ever spoke of this…terrible awful thing happening…”
Chase softly injects. “Jam, no one has ever spoken verbal of this special event because only the Guardian-angel survives the test…not the mean old Crimson Tail.”
I brilliantly debate. “O! We’re Guardian-angels. Guardian-angels don’t lose fights…any…ever. No way! We don’t lose anything. We are strong. We are good. We are the best. We…”
“…sometimes…we do.” Chase tenderly breaks my heart as I eye burn my hands.
I shake my skull sideways then jerk my chin at Chase, proclaiming innocently. “No. No. We always win. We are Angels…from Heaven. The good guys and gals!”
“Jan!?” Chase chimes in bass music and holds both his palms to me.
I eye burn his hands, then shift my eye balls into his face as I visually cringe and shakes my shoulder side to side like a bad cold and word wildly. “You’re…you are weirding me out, Chase by calling me…Jan.”
“I’m not trying to scare you or…weird you out…” He pauses for drama and smiles then sings in tenor music. “Jam.” He sighs then breathes, normally and preaches. “The Angel purpose that Mom and Dad told ya…earlier. They left some important Heavenly facts out.”
“Mom will tell me tomorrow, or the next day.” I predict.
“No. Mom and Dad will not. They cannot. They ain’t allowed to share this data with you since you’re still only…Human.”
“O! But…you can.” I sting.
Chase shrugs his shoulders, once, confessing. “I’m between jobs…kinda. Don’t have any rules to follow…sorta….not Human, not Angel.”
“Between assignments, how are you between assignments? You don’t know your Angel purpose. You ain’t in Heaven, boy? What does this nonsense of Crimson-colored blood Tails mean to me?” I pose and present with deep difficulty.
Chase lectures. “The Angel Heavenly purpose for all Guardian-angels is to be guards, soldiers, and warriors in the War of Good versus Evil. We’re protectors of newborn Souls descending down from Heaven Father to the Earth Mama.”
I repeat. “Protectors. I know we’re called Guardians. I, also, know that you learned that from Michael at your private Heavenly Pow Wow meeting with the other Arch-angels. And, I have figured that out all by myself without studying…”
“Lucky guess.” Chase looks at the window, not beautifully complimenting his stubborn biological and Human sister.
“I, also, know that Michael is head Arch-angel of the Cosmic battlefield since he’s a Warrior-angel, not a Guardian like us. However, I don’t understand the term of killing…that’s violence. That’s against our rules, right?” I seriously debate.
“Right….megatons of violence.” Chase adds and chuckles like a silly clown.
I address. “I’m not a violent being, Chase. I’m sweet. I’m kind. I’m a…”
“…fighter…you’ll learn...to be. Crimson Tails have serrated their flying feathers on purpose. The leading edge of their vanes serve them in a silent flight, a sneaky stalk, an accurate hunt, and a deadly single kill shot…making them very successful as cold-blooded killing machines with cold limbs and colder hearts. Because their Human and Angel compassions are surrendered to serve only one entity…Satan.” Chase eye burns both of his hands again like they are blood stained then slowly lifts his face to me and warns. “You must learn to be…” He pauses for drama then smiles. “Jam, honey.”
I bravely plead. “Chase, please tell me more about…” I wave my hand back and forth in a crazy horizontal motion and demand nasty in my alto clarinet. “…everything. I’m your sister.”
He shakes his skull sideways then smirks with a set of crooked lips, right and salutations. “Later, gator.” Chase swiftly vanishes into thin air.
Supper’s on. Mom shouts with her Human verbal voice from the depths of the kitchen.
I race down stairs…since I am a Human-girl and eyewitness Chase’s body four paces from the bottom staircase as he shimmies in pretty rainbow colors, then completely fades, then forms into a fade green outline of male, then becomes a solid teen Human figure as I warn. “Chase, you’re shimmering….” I back step half way to the Living Room, yelling frantically. “Mom, Dad, Chase is fading.”
“Central calling.” Mom flashes into the kitchen doorway and announces proudly for the Angel-family since Chase is being summoned for his Angel purpose to Heaven. We stand side by side as we watch Chase fade in and out…then finally into nothingness.
“Love ya, Chase.” Mom shouts, wiping tenderly her gathered tears from her eyeballs with a bright smile and nod of her skull at Dad.
“Good luck….son.” Dad smiles and worries, while hugging Mom and me with a set of strong biceps and hard hands around the tip of each shoulder.
“Don’t need it.” The whitish-silver glow vanishes, leaving the ting of the air conditioning unit humming in our eardrums.
I roller ball my eyeballs up, down, left and right then smart-ass. “That 164 IQ serves him well.” I watch Mom and Dad hug each other and cry wet tears of happiness for their first Angel-child.
May 22. Monday evening. Supper table. Seymore household. 17 years, 7 months, 6 days, 16 hours, 42 minutes, 9 seconds, 10,000 milliseconds, and counting. Paisley gobbles like a farm turkey down the homemade meal of chicken and cornbread dressing with both her fork and spoon using some type of newly uncovered Southern manners, cleaning her personal platter and surrounding plates of food for Round #3.
Paisley is my neighbor so, when her parents work late, or drive out of town for business, my Mom knows this is happening with her Angel-telepathy and kindly invites with her Angel-manners Paisley to dine with us. Paisley and I are not best, or good, or real friends…only acquaintances…school pals…remotely. That’s a strong word, also.
I can see her bedroom window from my bedroom window when in yester years as little kids, we would wave like a S.O.S. signal using our small fingers at each other through the dirty glass panes. That exhibits the far reaching extent of my friendliness duty to another Human being that I don’t really like as I test for the Opus Sanctorum Angelorum. 
Paisley really likes my brother and would like to date, marry, and mate with Chase, not possibility since my brother is an Angel. But, Paisley and Paisley’s world doesn’t need to know that little very hidden Heavenly fact as I giggle in alto smirking with a set of crooked pink lips, right while observing Paisley and Paisley’s ill-breed Southern table manners.
Chase has left 16 weeks, 1 day, 15 hours, 5 seconds, and 6,000 milliseconds ago for his personal private secretive Angel purpose to ‘guard’ as the newest Guardian-angel the tiny infant Soul to Earth.
I still don’t know when my wings are coming but I’m pretty clear of an Angel’s purpose….but not specifically, my purpose since I won’t get the calling for my Angel’s purpose until I’m eighteen years old which is Angel adulthood in Heaven. Then, I find out and get my wings…correction, there…I get my wings, then find out my Angel purpose and do it successfully like big bro Chase as I giggle in soprano music with excitement.
Paisley has started hanging around our dinner table hoping to catch and chat with Chase since Mom and Dad don’t have the brave courage to tell her as the Humans like to say…“take a hike” or “tell the truth” of our situation. Chase is gone with the wings as I snigger like a sly weasel at my mental thoughts as I observe Paisley chew.
Chase has successfully fulfilled his Angel purpose since that info was delivered by Dad to Mom hours after Chase faded from the floor sixteen weeks ago. He has left his family forever never ever to return to us, again, since he became a full time Angel…forever…with his life time Angel duty which is an Angel secret. Now, that’s info I’m more than willing to share with Paisley if Mom and Dad would allow it as I snort like a wild boar at my mental thoughts as I watch Paisley drink.
“Excellent cornbread dressing…Mrs. S…” Paisley rumbles between the particles of white meat between her pink tongue and her red lips.
My best friend Ginger snorts like a wild boar into her left eardrum, pushing up the plastic rims of her blood-red colored eye glasses that protrudes down her slender nose after chewing down Mom’s delicious cornbread dressing. Ginger lives in the next subdivision six streets over from my house and has been my very bestest friend since pre-kindergarten at the age four.
Ginger is also a very beautiful teenager, measuring five feet and four inches with slender strong bones, and perfect hair swishing with blonde highlighted with sunshine honey tones down to her waist. She possesses a perfect proportioned face of forehead, eyes, nose, and mouth along with a perfect figure with fat, muscles, and molecules all in the right places…except for the eye glasses covering her baby blue eyeballs. Since, Ginger exhibits with near-sighted eye vision, requiring prescription eye glasses, or eye contacts meaning that she sees close-up moving Fire engine red-painted lips but not far off Sea starfish aqua painted five or ten finger nails.
However….assistance is on the way.
On the day of my eighteenth year as a Human turning into an Angel, I get to give one Human a gift from my newly emerging Heavenly Angel-magic. I have decided to fix Ginger’s eyesight for her and bestest news is that she won’t feel a thing since won’t know who, how, or what was done to her biological body part. That’s the Angel part of the magic called “miracles.” Miracles occur all the time for Humans, compliments of newly adult Angels without witness and without fanfare, and sometimes without simple appreciation.
Mom hovers over Paisley’s empty glass and giggles in alto then words. “I’m glad you approve, Paisley.” Next, she swiftly drops the glass pitcher of ice cubes and sweet tea towards the floor, then quickly grabs the sweaty glass with her Angel-telekinesis before the messy disaster, eye burning the Angel. The Angel wears a pair of cheap plastic framed black tinted sunglasses, advancing slowly through the Dining Room door.
“Chase?!” I sing in piccolo music with shock.
“Mom.” Chase sings in bass music and neck snaps his skull to Mom with his poker face expression under the black sunglasses, wearing a tight fitting Royal purple vest over the white T-shirt covering his chest along with a pair of white pants and white hiking boots.
Paisley swiftly stands, scooting the chair from the table then runs like a jack rabbit and bounces like a ball into Chase and wraps her short arms around his chest, endearing loudly. “Chase, darling!” I giggle in soprano as Paisley inquires. “Where ya been…snow skiing in May….without me?” She gently slaps his right hand then giggles with a silly chime and reprimands. “Shame on you!”
Chase is a Heavenly Angel who possesses an array of deep emotions of compassion, caring, and concern for all Human on Planet Earth since he can sense Paisley’s intense feelings for him as a future boyfriend which isn’t going to happen…ever.
Those deep emotional intense Angel feelings emerge around sixteen Human years of age along with the Human biological hormones in the Human biological body that kicks in…especially for security and protection of reckless teens, active toddlers, innocent infants, and careless elder adults making Planet Earth, the Milky Way Galaxy, and the entire Cosmos a richer, brighter, and closer to your Angel purpose. Along with these Human ones come the Angel biological hormones and biological hard muscles and clean shimmering Angel skin tone which means no more facial pimples, bad breathe, and sweaty B.O.
I giggle in soprano since I’m not an Amazon woman but a tiny pixie with blonde hair like Paisley. She’s short and skinny like me exhibiting silly the portrait picture of her arms not fully wrapped around my formal brother and present Angel, the scene looks…kinda odd funny.
Paisley gently touches the edges of his shoulders with her five finger pads as she tenderly caresses them down the center of his chest then playfully taps lightly his chest with her long fingernails, amusingly. She stares at his black sunglasses as he eye burns his Mom then, Chase cups a right arm tightly around her waist as she lands her skull tenderly on his chest, purring all the way to my Dining Room table chair.
Then again, the pic looks kinda odd fun, cute, tender, precious even romantic…lovingly…like a boyfriend…girlfriend event as I sigh, breathing deeply then flick my eyelashes to Ginger as she smiles devilishly, narrowing her eyelashes at the love bird couple since I know she’s thinking….boyfriend. Then, I eye burn the floor.
I don’t have a boyfriend, friend of boy or…boy anything not because I’m against dating boys since I’d like to date a boy but I just have been busy…not dating boys. There must be a boy or three in one of my school classes that I’ll like to date as I snort like a wild boar. I possess all these deep intense Human emotions, too on the surface of my Angel mind coupled with my nightly homework and my daily interaction in the teenager High School world…too.
Maybe, I should use my deep intense emotions for other stuff, too and maybe, I should experience compassion, care, and concern with my own boyfriend since the pic of Chase and Paisley looks darlingly tender and preciously caring which touches the depths of my burning teen jumbled emotions at the edge of my mind and tugging at the vein of my heart as I smile sweetly.
Paisley gently caresses his long sleeved T-shirt of his left forearm, commenting weirdly. “You’re so cold. What’s wrong, darling? Are you sick? Don’t worry! I’ll come over every day after school….bring you some of my Grandma’s special chicken noodle soup.” She winks with her eyelash, right at the sunglasses then promises. “Guarantee to cure…everything. That’s what my Grandma’s says.” She twists her skull and grins like a sly fox viewing my parents at the Dining Room table then remarks happily. “This is so exciting for me.” She swirls her neck muscles back to the sunglasses, wording more happily. “You’re finally visiting home…since you left…me. Shame on you for leaving…me…behind! I’ve worried about us…you, Chase.” She giggles like a silly teen in love, bouncing on her tippy toes.
Chase sings in bass music. “Sick!” He slowly loosens the two-armed octopus from his body, moving the chair out for Paisley to park her tiny fanny in the cushioned seat as she slowly complies still holding his hand with her right hand and  eye burning the cheap black sunglasses while smiling, and giggling…annoyingly…to me.
Interest, confusion, and befuddlement emotions feel in the air waves being absorbed by my Angel senses from me, Mom, and Dad as our eye balls follow Chase to the edge of his Dining Room chair. Then he eye burns the table surface without a placement, a plate, and utensils while Mom and Dad view each other across the table, silently.
Dad chats lightly. “Chase, you have returned….for a little while?”
“Returned!?” Paisley pops quizzes, tossing an ugly wrinkled forehead at Dad then her eyeballs target Chase
I cover it good. “…from school, ya know…returned home from his school activities. Chase had other plans as I recall but it seems those other plans must have changed…for some other unexplained and odd really weird reason for the time being.”
Paisley leans heavy into his space, landing her small hands into his chest, again, tilting passionately her skull on his bicep, confusing. “I don’t understand why you had to switch to that private school in Southside, Chase. Our school is fine and dandy. Everyone misses you…especially me.”
Mom quickly waves her five finger pads and gently uses her Angel-telepathy as the words dump into the Human’s minds including mine since I’m still Human for a number of mathematical days and more odd reasons then I can mathematical count. “Thank ya’ll girls for coming by. Now, ya’ll go home, prepare for your final academic tests at school, tomorrow.”
Next, Paisley and Ginger stand simultaneously like robots and tilt their skulls towards the Living Room while they exit one at a time the Dining Room archway, marching silently in short strides out of our house as the door slams.
I snigger like a sly weasel as Mom’s Angel-magic can wake the dead decaying bodies from city’s gravesite and perform as moldy dancing ballerinas since that simple Angel act holds no side effects for Paisley or Ginger, remembering nothing but finishing their supper with me.
Dad harshly reminds, twisting his lip, ugly at Mom. “Dear, you shouldn’t abuse powers on the Humans. We’re not allowed…”
Mom attacks at Dad in her tenor clarinet. “This is my first born. Everything he does concerns me and mine.” She neck snaps her skull to Chase, inquiring tartly.  Chase, what has happened, please detail?”
“Don’t, Mom!” Chase meekly words then slowly stands, touching his finger tips on the table surface like he needed the table as a crutch then slowly turning to the right and walks, zombie-like passing me, Mom, and Dad towards stairwell where his old room houses on the second floor.
Mom’s Human body shimmies in pretty rainbow colors, then fades in nothing as she forms a faint yellow outline of female, then becomes a solid form of Mom as she alerts. “Central calling.” She neck snaps her skull at Dad, commanding. “I’ll find out the exact happenings from The Source. Then, we’ll figure out what to do next for Chase.” She slides her eyeballs to me and firmly orders. “Do. Not. Disturb. Chase. Obey me on this, Jan. I will not repeat this statement, twice.” I nod my skull, once in silence since she used my real Christian name as Mom shimmies and twinkles, twice then vanishes into nothingness.
I slice my eyeballs to Dad, gossiping badly. “Chase, what happened…to…” I neck snap my skull into empty hallway where Chase has disappeared, then return back my eyeballs to Dad’s narrowed eyelids hiding his sad pupils and question. “…his purpose?”
Dad visually fidgets with the cloth napkin with his ten finger pads, first then neck snaps his skull to the side wall then returns them to the table surface and finally he eyeballs me as the fireworks explode into my mental thoughts. Something is wrong. Something was wrong. Something went wrong. Dad words slo mo. “His…purpose…failed.”
I mice squeak. “Failed.”
Since, I’m not educated on an Angel’s purpose. Actually, I lay in total dank darkness on any and all Angel purpose, duties, tasks, and other boring stuff until I turn 18 years old on October 15 but, I am getting closer to 18, not learning my Angel school stuff as I snigger like a sly weasel.
Dad eye burns his plate of half-eaten food and barely shrugs his shoulders, once, then picks up the buttered biscuit and chats. “Not much to tell…” He places part of the radius into his lips then chew really slow.
“You need to tell…” I firmly demand with Dad while I concern about Chase and ponder my own welfare as an Angel.
Mom suddenly appears in her Human form, announcing to us. “We have much exchange information about Chase’s…”  She empties her words and slices her eyeballs to me, then returns her skull back to Dad, wrinkling her forehead, ugly and screws her eyebrows, funny. “…re-assignment.”
“Re-assignment? What does that mean? Is that a common issue…” I twist my neck muscles to Dad. “…with Angels? What happened to Chase? What did Chase do? What did Chase not do? Is this going to affect me in some way? Should I be worried? Am I getting my wings, now?” I pant heavy with flashing mental thoughts.
“Jam, please let me and Mom talk...” Dad softly orders as the experienced Guardian-angel and devoted father of two teenagers.
“Stay, Jam, honey.” Mom vetoes and eye burns Dad then firmly confirms. “This affects her, us, and Chase…for eternity.”
Dad presents duck lips, ugly and gently reminds. “Dear, Jam is still human…”
I inject into everyone’s memory. “Until October 15…remember that day, my birthday. I be 18. I be Angel, right, Mom?”
Dad sighs then breathes, deeply when overruled by Mom. “Dear, what did Arch-angel Michael advise?”
“Arch-angel Michael, the Warrior-angel, why’s he involved? Advised…what, who, how?” I inquisitively ask, eye burning Dad.
“Mic has certain commitments that affect…” Mom quickly starts as I eye burn Mom.
I inject faster. “Mic, you call the mighty prince Warrior-angel by that cute nickname. Can I meet him? O! Forget that request. Can I meet his son Argus? Argus is near my age, right? I heard …like now he’s single….” Mom tosses her index finger in the air signaling as I silent swiftly and pant heavy.
Dad answers to me. “Not now, Jam.” Then, Dad neck snaps his skull to Mom. “What does Mic advise?”
Mom eye burns the table, repeating. “Told me that Chase will be reassigned. He doesn’t know how soon, either.”
I intersect swiftly. “What’s this re-assigned thing? Is that bad? Is that good? Is there a Latin term that I need to know…for future reference, of course?”
Dad softly words. “It happens.”
“Assignare.” Mom softly words in Latin within my Human eardrums.
Okay. That’s an odd and weird and strange response to a great big problem of Heavenly proportions as I spit, violently. “What happens….what happens to you to get re-assigned. Don’t understand.” I eyeball Dad and question. “What did Chase do, Dad?” I neck snap her skull to Mom, inquiring. “Can I ask him?”
“No. You will not disturb Chase under any circumstances. Obey me, daughter.” Mom lectures me twice about Chase’s imprisonment.
“Did Mic request our input?” Dad firmly asks as Mom shakes her pixie blonde skull side to side, wrinkling her forehead, ugly as I neck snap my skull at Mom.
“Mom, what’s my purpose?” whining for the 1007th time.
“Jan.” Mom sings in piccolo music as I part pink lips, widely because Mom doesn’t proclaim loudly, smile proudly, and insult boldly with her precious endearment: Jam, honey.
Whoa the soaring eagles! My active Human mind and sensitive Human heart tells me something is very wrong as Mom and Dad stand together at the table and hold hands like “love birds” then vanish together (part of the Angel thing) from the Dining Room, Dining table, and Dining chairs.
I sit silently, ponder, wonder, and plot as I sigh then breathing deeply.
Tuesday morning. 2nd floor banister. Seymore household. 8 days, 0 hours, 30 minutes, 15 seconds, 14,000 milliseconds, and counting. Mom and Dad appear back home thirty minutes ago since I’m not an Angel but I can feel the air current slightly flutter because Chase locates quietly inside his room…sleeping, pondering, or puking.
I don’t normally sneak around my home during midnight like a thief but…I’m hungry and very bored since everyone has disappeared into their secret places after suppertime and listening to CD’s and watching DVD’s until my ear wax melts into my nose holes.
I drop on fours (palms and kneecaps) on the second floor and hover near the white banister while I hide my short body perfectly as my earlobes absorb clearly the faded sounds of Mom and Dad.
Mom talks, first. “Poor Chase, I don’t know what encouraging words to provide for his delicate condition.”
“The words of love, hope, and faith provide encouragement in any and all situations for both Angels and Humans, dear.” Dad teaches.
“Chase looks so depressed. He refused the tray of food I offered, and sealed himself inside his room like he’s ashamed, honey.”
“Food’s not necessary in Angel state…dear…and don’t spy on him like a teenager, either. Let the Angel work out his private issue! This isn’t our matter, dear.” Dad cautions.
“You heard Mic. Chase will receive a new Angel purpose.”
I nosily gasp then cover my hand over my open mouth since Chase is receiving a second Angel purpose. Because Mom celestially lectures to me over and over, again ya get one shot: one Angel purpose. I stop mentally thinking and listen to my parents’ private chat.
“I can’t believe I’m voicing this, but I’m worried for Chase…what if…if he’s not accepted among…”
“Dear, we both know sometimes this delicate condition happens to Angels...” Dad dumps.
“Don’t remind me! My heart breaks open with the deeply emotional thoughts that I can’t purge. 1 in 666 Angels is affected by…”
“Dear.” He hugs and kisses her cheekbone then words softly. “Chase has accepted his condition. We should, also.”
“I do willingly. I’m his Mom. He’s my firstborn...the apple of my eye.”
“That you are, dear…always and forever.” Dad comments.
“Why, oh, why did this happen to my firstborn child? I simply don’t understand. If only…if only we…we…” Mom pauses for drama then eye burns Dad. “This is our fault…for having a second child. We produced a second being. We received permission…of course. Mom shakes her pixie blonde sideways then continues. “Angels have one child decreed pure and simple. One child, no more! That’s the Angel law. At the time, I thought it silly to limit your love to tiny babe. Remember?”
“Dear, we love Jam.” Dad observes.
“A second child required us to split our time, and our devotion to two Angel beings, not pour all our energy and time into Chase…only.”
“She’s a fun, smart, and happy-go-lucky little Angel-girl.” Dad praises.
“Jam…” Mom slaps her hands to her pant legs. “Jam can be so insensitive. She’ll tease Chase…if she uncovers the truth about this…this…thing. We cannot mention this to Jam…never…”
“Jam will find out from other Angels, dear.” Dad advises.
“Why can’t Jam be more like Chase…overachiever, responsible, studious, and respectful?”
“Dear, you can’t compare our…Angels. They’re both beautiful and unique.” Dad remarks.
“Jam is too independent, very stubborn, large attitude, lots of sarcasm, and persistence whining. She’s the exact opposite in personality, and interests from Chase. She does everything and anything against us…her parents.”
“Dear, I disagree. Jam is not loud, but quiet. Not boisterous, but calm.” Dad comments.
“Terrible table manners, terrible academic grades…”
“Jam looks up to Chase for guidance.” Dad compliments.
“Jam just goes with the Human flow and then hopes she trips over her Angel duties. That’s not how its works. We all must face our obstacles and bumps…to overcome our weaknesses and exceed as the best Angel possible.”
“We cannot neglect Jam and her Angel studies, dear.” Dad reminds.
“Jam is childish, spoiled, annoying, and manipulative and…never stops complaining. Maybe, these are shows of insecurities which also lead to complete loneliness and might harm her intimate relationships in her future.”
“Dear, Jam is not insecure. She’ll find her peace in the Cosmos.” Dad concludes and smiles.
“…only if she gets away with murder…first.” Mom snarls like a Grizzle bear then her body shimmers in the bright glittering lights of green and yellow as she mysteriously words. “Central calling…twice in one single Earth time. That’s very odd!”
“Go on, dear. I’ll care for the children.” Dad hugs Mom then smiles at her face as she disappears in nothingness while Dad bows his chin deep into his chest.
My parents’ bedroom locates on the opposite side of the hallway away from Chase and mine, turn left instead of right on your footpads so Dad’ll see and pass me on the stairs to his master bedroom if he decides to venture into his traditional sleepy-time ritual of both Angels and Humans.
Instead, Dad sadly slumps with his drooped shoulder pads and his neck muscles, eye burning the clean carpet then slowly lifts his eyeballs and eye burns the kitchen archway then he slowly advances towards the kitchen in the opposite direction of the stairwell.
I back crawl on fours (palms and kneecaps) towards my room on the wooden floor, pass my door, swing doggie style body right, then slide into my cracked bedroom door as I gently close the door, then soldierly stand and ponder deeply the big bad burning question: Why did Chase fail?
I slam my short torso into the neon green bean bag chair and feel the hidden hard beans contour around my loose arms and legs then eye burn the north wall ceiling plaster following my eyeballs back down to the floor holding my book shelf filled with childhood collections of clowns. I love the brightly colored painted “happy” faces of red, yellow, blue, green, purple, pink, and orange covering the ceramic white. Ya can’t tell if the clown is really glad or sad…always keeps ya guessing…just like my Mom.
Two minutes ago. I mentally flash back with burned my bee_hind pride of Mom’s words: Jam just goes with the Human flow and hopes she trips over her Angel duties.
I have read in one of many popular teens magazines that teens can’t get along with their parents during their teen years regarding their teen non-duties. So, I conclude that’s my problem: Mom as I snort like a wild boar.
I rotate the bean bag chair to the south wall of the open mouthed rectangular doorway leading into my walk-in closet with downed clothes, tossed shoes that prettily cover the beige carpet. Two separate sets of wooden Maple wood chest of eight drawers parallel the wardrobe closet which overflows downward like a falling fabric waterfall to the carpet as I snigger like a sly weasel.
Think “falling fabric waterfall” mentally three times within your brain cells, you’ll get dizzy as I giggle with a girly tone then I swing my face to the next wall inside my square bedroom, note messy bed covers, spoiled food plates and leave it.
I park the beanie chair beside the east wall with a vanity table and an attached mirror with a small chair for my bee_hind which is the opposite side of my student desk for not doing my homework assignments between another filled bookshelf. That book shelf holds the un-used school supplies on two bottom two stacks consisting of No.2 pencils, blue ink pens, lined 3-holed punched pink paper, unlined 3-holed punch blue paper, empty notepads, and empty binders for any completed never have research papers.
The top book shelf paints with a pink plastic covered DVD player/radio/clock which is reached by standing on the baby step ladder since I short at five feet and one inch to annoy me and then is activated by blasting loud rock and roll music to annoy Chase as I giggle in soprano.
The middle two shelves house layers of thick white sparkly dust for my non-athletic enough Human body, not-smart enough Human brain, and not-talented enough Human hands that never acquire the non-existence numerous trophies, tiaras, medals, ribbons….breathe…and certificates of accomplishments as a Human teen in school as I snort like a wild boar.
My Human duty on Earth is to get my Angel wings…kinda like waiting on that entrance acceptance letter for your favorite college since I’m born Angel, first, not Human. Humans have to prove their celestial devotion in numerous other ways, one being to test for the Opus Sanctorum Angelorum.
Or something like that…overhearing Mom lecture me one evening at supper time...since I don’t bother reading my Angeldom lessons as she nags like an old farming mule as I snigger like a sly weasel.
Ya see. I have a theory on all of this when I turn eighteen years old I’ll know everything I need to know about being Angel as I chuckle like a silly clown.
I switch gears inside my mind then zoom onto Mama’s action verbs of Chase: delicate condition, ashamed, not accepted, one in Angels.
I extend both my arms parallel to the carpet, wiggling lightly my finger pads in the air…wait for it. Nothing! Since, I’m not Angel and can’t levitate any objects like my laptop as I snort like a wild boar.
Then, I soldierly stand then quickly trot to student desk and lift manually with ten finger pads the computer laptop then hurriedly tromp back to the bean bag chair, slap my bee_hind into the cool leather, playing Angel detective. I rapidly type with deftly finger pads in the action verbs, finding any common event, activity, condition, or presentation. Nothing! I stick my pink tongue in the air.
I re-type the word: delicate condition. I see the reference then chuckle like a silly clown as the Internet coughs out the word: pregnancy. Chase ain’t pregnant.
I re-type the word: ashamed. I see visual definitions fly into the tiny computer screen such as feeling shame, distressed, embarrassed by guilt, foolishness, disgrace, inferior, or unworthy. Chase ain’t unworthy.
I re-type the words: not accepted. I receive English worded garage on the screen then wiggle my pink tongue at the computer.
I re-type the words: one among Angels as I nosily gasp then swiftly stand, holding the laptop like a tray with both hands and eye burn the wallpaper and softly whisper. “Gay.”
That’s fit into the pretty puzzle since Chase doesn’t date, well, that’s not much of an argument there because I don’t date, either.
Mom has spilled the proverbial milk all over the Kitchen floor which is running into the Dining Room carpet when she traveled into Heaven for the surprise announce that Chase is a Gay-angel, not accepted into the feathery flock with his delicate condition, and ashamed into coming back home on Earth for the time being sine he is one among Angels.
“Wow!” I softly whisper, eye burning the wall.
I buzz my brain cells through the previous wordy conservation between Mom and Dad, then remember the Latin word: Assignare. I type like a madman and discover the word usage in true Latin form with real Latin sentences. I can’t read Latin…because I don’t study my Latin lessons as nagged by Mom. The formed letters…look like…set of mathematical symbols from Aliens living on the Planet Mars as I snort like a wild boar.
I eye burn the big fat thick twelve-pound worn leather bound Latin dictionary across the room located on the last shelf of the book case then I present fish lips, ugly then switch gears mentally to solve my immediate language translation problem. I jerk the cell from front jean’s pocket and type one Latin word at a time into the tiny Internet block, looking for proper definition.
I discover Assignare means: to mark off and I conclude that Chase has been marked off the list of nice onto naughty.
“Wow!” I softly whisper, eye burning the wall.
May 26. Tuesday afternoon. Birmingham Sports Family Center. 17 years, 7 months, 11 days, 12 hours, 8 minutes, 11 seconds, 12,000 milliseconds, and counting. School’s out! Summer time’s in. And, summer time means no school and lots of fun while Ginger and I hang at Dad’s workplace. Oh, yeah!  Paisley come by invitation of her Angel-manners from Mama, not me since I don’t possess Angel-manners yet as I snigger like a sly weasel.
Birmingham Sports Family Center. The nice church community has built three thick and tall buildings which invite, host, and sponsor all Human family units or Human individuals to participate in any Sporting activities for fun, fitness, and fellowship which includes swimming, karate, yoga, ballet, basketball, weight lifting, volleyball, soccer, etc., etc., and etc.
A second set of twin buildings off the street house groups of homeless young people, and offer free educational services, free employment training programs, numerous immigrant services for these folks as well making Dad in charge of the mega center, helping Humans day and night (that’s what an Angel does).
When I leave for my Angel purpose, Dad and Mom will return to Heaven as Guardian-angels and allow another new Angel family to run the Birmingham Sports Family Center (that’s what an Angel does).
I quickly slide pass the sweaty and stinky biological units of small and large Human families into the Café then silently drop my back pack into the padded chair, scanning the lunch table where Paisley and Ginger eat separate meals filled with loads of trans fat, high cholesterol and 1,000+ calories of non-nutritious foods stacked from the radius of table to their individual rib cages.
I wear, cute-like the white tight preppy T-shirt with the blood red sweat pants…my “chill girly style.” Ginger wickedly rocks in her “sporty sexy pose” with the cherry pink tank top plus the white sports bar over her baby blue 1970’s short shorts with the white silk piping. Paisley’s parents are…way too conservationism like her “classy appeal” sporting funeral black outfit of off the shoulder tee, sports bar, and shorts.
I tenderly lay my food spread across my placemat consisting of home-made bake whole wheat bread, fresh-from-the-farm smoked turkey slices, numerous organic lettuce shreds, organic fresh green and red diced tomatoes, crushed and blended mustard seeds, an organic apple, many sunflower seeds and Earth’s spring water.
I am an Angel-in-waiting along with my delicate Human skin and more sensitive Human stomach acids within my tummy and can’t eat like a true teen with tons of the processed foods with mega tons of chemicals, additives, and preservatives. I might implode. Just kidding! I become very sick with flu-like symptoms of a bad common cold composed of sweat, chills, coughs, running nose, and fever.
All the medical signs can be avoided by eating home-grown meats, fruits, and vegetables produced from the local farm, and owned by the local farmer…an Angel as I coo softly.
O! I can’t drink the processed beverages like sodas, power drinks, or alcohol…only pure Earth spring water, fresh-squeezed from fruit juices, and milk directly from cow, soy, or rice. I like soy milk best. 
I prettily arrange my lunch food items on the table and can’t stop mentally thinking, pondering, and wondering about secluded Chase then I conclude that I’ll ask Dad, not Mom.
Ginger pushes the tip of thick eyeglasses against her face, finger pointing west and toots in flute soprano musically “Who’s that?”
“Who’s who?” Paisley sucks the thick ketchup-covered French fry into her mouth, chewing vigorously.
“That guy?” Ginger poses, fashion-model-like, wording softly.
“That guy? Where?” Paisley nosily sucks on her dark soda without looking anywhere but the food plate.
“The demi-god walking to…us.” Ginger explains as I follow Ginger’s Passionate Love pink-manicured index fingernail to the advancing demi-god.
Demi-god talls at five feet and five inches, slicking his black hair into a neck-length ponytail with a heart shaped face and thick black sideburns, glowing in a beige-rosy skin over his tight electric blue tank top of ripped muscles along with matching running shorts as I coo softly and smile brightly.
Demi-god boy struts directly to our table, standing handsomely across from me then intros in tenor saxophone. “Edgar…not Edgar Allen Poe, the poet, new karate instructor…here.” I pause for drama and eye burn him as he eye burns me with a smirk of red crooked lips, right and reminds gently.” Where your Daddy works…”
I grin with a toothy smile then blink my eyelashes once, twice then thrice and chin whip my face into my chest turning a colorful strawberry red with innocence for the silly flirting by the hunky teen then Edgar orders while eye burning me. “Take a hike, darlings.” Ginger and Paisley swiftly stand and quickly sling their back packs over their right shoulders, then smoothly gather their food trays, moving to another table.
Edgar smoothly pulls the chair back from the table, swings it backward and straddles the padded seat, laying his big biceps across the metal rim, reminding. “You have a big brother named Chase. Right, gorgeous?”
I nod my skull, once in silent since I bite into my turkey sandwich, listening intensively to the cute Human. (that’s what Angels-in-waiting do.)
“I took his place since he seemed to vanish into thin air…” He chuckles like a silly clown then inquires with a handsome grin. “Know thro…he started a new school, that’s all. Ya like karate, babe?” I nod my skull, once in silence taking a second bite of the sandwich while I intensively look and listen.
“I teach next class after lunch. Ya want to come, see me in action, sweetheart?” Edgar invites as I nod my skull, once in silence, biting into the sandwich as I continue to look and listen.
“Gotta warn ya, cookie…I’m the second kid, too.” Edgar chuckles like a silly clown then explores. “The other one! Mama talks about how the firstborn’s everything is new, every experience is unique. Every feat applauds for the every single achievement in twisted sister’s life. The apple of Mama’s eyeball, instead of the black eye socket…me. Right, sugar?” He winks his eyelid, left at me as I nod my skull, once in silence, finishing the sandwich then drink water and look and listen to Edgar.
“Then…I arrive. My experiments are old like torn newspaper shreds for the cat’s litter box. Not new! Not fresh! Not cute! Been there, done that theme! Hear me, cutie?” Edgar identifies with me as I nod my skull, once, biting into the apple and feel the similar intense emotions and feelings.
“I’m too independent! Too stubborn! Too much attitude! Exact opposite of twisted sister, right, tot?” He winks his eyelid, right as I nod my skull, once then he continues. “I do everything and anything against them…for attention…like terrible table manners, horrible academic grades…” He pauses for drama then eye burns my food, grabbing the full bag of sunflower seeds as he tosses the handful into the air.
I watch the tiny seeds fall using Earth gravity towards Edgar while he tilts in slo mo his skull backwards from the table then opens his mouth as the yellow seeds tumble perfectly against his pink lips and pink tongue, closing his mouth the drops his jaw and eye burns me, chewing vigorously as I finish chewing the apple, looking and listening.
“Second borns…ya know…us…we’re supposed to dethrone them…firstborns, right, baby?” Edgar proposes as I nod my skull, once in silence, swallowing the apple bite.
Then, Ginger and Paisley gallop like racing thoroughbreds to our table, bumping forcefully both of my female shoulders with each other’s pelvis bones and sings in flute and clarinet unison like an off-key church choir. “Edgarrr!”
I wrinkle my forehead, ugly at the public intrusion.
Paisley quickly shoves girly Ginger with her hip bone to the left away from my shoulder blade and into the empty air then tattles. “I’m here…first…Ginger.” Paisley fights over the male teen as she names. “Edgarrrrr…” And, she rolls the ‘r’ like a jungle tigress and invites. “Please come to my party…tonight at five…here’s my address and my cell. Just call, if you need a ride…Edgarrrr…” Paisley winks several times with her eyelash, left as I giggle in soprano with silliness.
“Edgar…” Ginger commands the spot light next. “I, too…am hosting an elegant evening event…tonight. My party begins much later….at eight. Here’s my address and cell me…if I can be of any assistance before eight…”
Edgar accepts both the small notes of baby blue papers, rejoicing delightfully. “Two parties, two darlings! Can I bring my friends?”
“More the merrier…sweet Edgarrrr…” Paisley purrs like a cat, literally then drools as her clear mouth salvia falls from her red lips then she nosily slurps the gross spittle back into open mouth between the red painted lips as I giggle in soprano with silliness.
“I’ll bring the beer for my friends so you don’t have…?” Edgar offers, grinning at toothy smile.
“Beer?” Paisley mice squeaks, shaking violently her hands, skull, and ponytail. “No beer! My parents would birth kittens. I’m only seventeen…under age and…all that. My Daddy’s a lawyer and…all that.” She smiles sweetly, batting both her eyelashes with total sexy flirtation intentions then brilliantly adjusts. “And…maybe…Edgar….you can come alone for this one party. Ya know, just spend the time with me….the hostess with the mostess…and all that.”
Edgar smiles, nodding his skull, once, accepting. “Sure, cookie! I’ll be there at five and I promise…no beer or no new friends.”
“I will…provide beer at my party, Edgarrrr…” Ginger shockingly surprises. “And…please bring all your frrrrriends…for beerrrr…” She rolls the ‘r’ perfectly and details. “…at eight…with me.” Ginger finishes her Hollywood show, then gracefully pirouettes, prissing toward the Karate Center.
I grin silly at Edgar, neck snapping my skull to shocked Paisley, then soldierly pivot, racing like a horse to crazy Ginger, and forcefully grab with five finger pads at Ginger’s lean bicep, whispering softly into her right eardrum. “Ginger, what in Heaven’s name are you doing? Your parents will birth kittens and puppies if they find out that you’re hosting a party without their permission and…you invited strangers. And, you’re serving beer. Paisley’s right. We’re all under age and only seventeen….”
Ginger slowly strolls towards the Karate Room, tattling. “I’m acting, Jam. Edgar’s acting, too. We both should get Oscars, right, tot?” Ginger giggles in soprano then continues. “He’s the new kid on the block, Jam. He’s just fitting in…with us. We should have some fun once-in-a-while.”
“Ginger?” I sing in alto with concern.
“Look and listen to me, Jam. No one knows but Paisley that I offered to host a party…tonight. She’s got her own wing-ding…planned for weeks before school let out. All the kids’ll be there. Are ya going to stop by since Paisley’s your neighbor?” Ginger neck snaps her skull to me and inquires as I nod my skull, once then she viciously encourages. “Well, you should since she’s your neighbor and all that.” Ginger giggles in soprano and confesses. “See, this is my genius coming out. I host a private party for you and me…then Edgar comes over, maybe brings two other guys. One for you and two for me….” Ginger giggles in bass for malice.
“Ginger?” I sing in piccolo music with more concern.
“Okay. Reality check! Edgar might or might not come….to my house and my party.” Ginger sings in alto music. “Sooo…we spend the evening renting some new movies on the Internet and eating popcorn, and drinking your disgusting soy milk.”
“You like soy milk.” I happily remind, holding her left bicep walking to the Karate Center.
Ginger winks her eyelash, left, announcing vainly. “Yeah, I like Edgarrrr…too.”
Karate Center. 1:02 pm. Edgar happily leads a huddle of new females to the Karate Center as the female eagerly park like a wallflower line-up along the white rectangular line while he advances solo and slowly to center stage. Eyeballs swiftly advance upon Edgar.
Edgar soldierly pivots, smiling with a set of perfect white teeth and boldly announces while extending his arms parallel to the wooden floor. “To attack your enemy, you must know your enemy. I guess ya’ll have heard the Human expression ‘shoulders make the man’.” Edgar poses like a pretend angry mean “Hulk Man” as his massive biceps visually bulge into steel bumps on his naked arms with claps and coos immediately.
Edgar uprights like a straight pin then walks to the girl line-up as. I anxiously watch Edgar, feeling both excitement and intrigue as my blood rushes through my veins, heating my body and he lectures. “Well, shoulders make the darling bells… (moves to me, smiles at me, touches my collar bone)…cute.” His cool finger tips quickly sooth my feverish body as I grin goofy with a loped side smile, right into Edgar’s brown dancing eyes.
“Aww!” The females softly coo in unison.
Edgar swiftly shifts his five finger pads to my lean bicep, forcefully pulling me into center stage with him and plants me front of his chest of steel muscles, whispering softly into my right eardrum. “You’re heated, baby.” I giggle in alto, chin whipping my face into my neck and smiling goofy.
He strongly lands both his cool soft palms on my collar bone, caressing softly my heated skin, then lectures in tenor saxophone. “Time for questions, and answers, tots. How much does the human skull weight?” Edgar waits for…1 second. 2 seconds.
Edgar moves his soft finger tips back and forth while gently messaging my temples and answers the posed question. “On average about eleven pounds, six of that’s the brain, depending on if you’re a genius Angel or…retardo Human.” He swiftly dips his soft lips into my neck, sweet breathing silly. “Enjoy that, Angel!” I giggle in soprano, smiling goofy.
“Aww!” The females softly coo in unison.
Edgar uprights his lips, face, and torso then eye burns his students and teaches, while tenderly caressing his ten soft finger pads upon my neck. “Sternocleidomastoides or your side neck muscles….right here (caresses my neck deeply)…bench press millisecondly the eleven pounds of bone, tissue, and blood.” He swiftly dips his soft lips into my eardrum, sweet breathing sweetly. “Relax, sugar!” I giggle in piccolo, chin whipping my face into my chest with a goofy grin.
“Aww!” The females softly coo in unison.
Edgar smiles at his students and teaches while stroking both his soft hands upon my right and left collar bones towards my left and right elbows with delight. “Weight training…deltoid or deltoideus muscles is the rounded muscles over the top and sides of the shoulder.” He sweet breathes into my left eardrum. “Feel that, babe!”
“Aww!” The females softly coo in unison.
Edgar smiles at his student and lectures while tapping both his finger pads on my right elbow, working downward towards my wrist with thrills. “Forearms are the muscular fibrous network of dirt pounding workhorses driving elbows…(moves his hand to my elbow)….wrists…(moves his hand to my wrist….hands…(holds my hand)…and finger tips.” Then, Edgar lifts my hand to his lips and tenderly kisses each one of my knuckles as I giggle in piccolo with excitement and he sweet breathes on my cheekbone. “Delicious, sweetheart!”
“Aww!” The females softly coo in unison.
“Me…next.” The visible body bounces on sneakers and offers in her flute soprano.
“I’m yours.” The visible body shakes her hips and purrs in her alto clarinet.
Edgar swings his body from my bee_hind, floating around my right shoulder and faces the students and smiles then swing his face me while pressing his left five finger tips completely over my heart, lecturing in tenor saxophone. “Deltoids work every time you move… (moves my arm high)…your arm up… (moves my arm over my head)…over your skull….(moves my other arm over my head)….or at shoulder height.”
He stands directly parallel to my face, tightly gripes my wrists, slowly leans into my lips and tenderly kisses me as I close my eyelashes and enjoy the sweet moment and heated response, feeling the cold air of his presence melt the hotness of my limbs then Edgar breaks the kiss and uprights his torso, whispering softly. “Drop your arms, precious!” I giggle in alto with delight, dropping my wrists to the side.
“Me….me…next.” The visible body bounces in jumping jacks and mews in her flute soprano.
“Do me! Do me!” The visible body shakes her hips side to side and coos in her alto oboe.
“I’m yours.” The visible body dances back and forth and purrs in her alto clarinet.
Edgar pulls aways from my body, grinning with a toothy smile then about faces to the student, swinging his body around my back muscles while probing ten finger pads on my rib cage, complimenting. “Nice pecs.” He chuckles like a silly clown near my right eardrum and lectures. “Pectoralis major muscle is a thick, fan-shaped large muscle of the upper chest, and acts like…(jerks both my arms in a parallel circle)…. joint of the shoulder, rotating the arms. It arises from the clavicle, sternum…. (tickles my ribs)….cartilages of second to sixth ribs…to… (shifts my hands down)….abdominis.” He chuckles like a silly clown, whispering into my left eardrum. “Like that, kid!” I giggle in alto with happiness and grin silly showing teeth.
“Me….me…next.” The visible body bounces on sneakers and mews in her flute soprano.
“Do me!” The visible body shakes her hips and coos in her alto oboe.
“I’m yours.” The visible body dances back and forth and purrs in her alto clarinet.
Edgar questions to the students. “How many Human ribs exist in the fragile destroyable body?”
“Twelve pairs on each side.” Book smart Ginger quickly answers, smiling toothy then steps her right sneaker forward off the white line.
Edgar swiftly holds his single palm, ordering. “Back up, babe! You…get my next reward, shortly.” Edgar flirts sweetly, then winks at Ginger as Ginger steps her body back into the wallflower line the he eggs onwardly. “Let’s verify, should we. Pectoralis minor are the rest of the ribs… (counts by his finger tips on me)…three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve… (moves both his hands upon my right and left pelvis bone)…touchdown!” I giggle in piccolo with amusement as he grins toothy then lectures. “Other mammals….not ya’ll…like doggies have 13 pairs, kitties have 13 pairs. Horsies possess 18 pairs and cute pink swine babies have 15 pairs just like the date October 15 for the “sweetest day” on Planet Earth.” I giggle in alto with shock since that’s my birth day. Edgar has remembered my birthday and likes me.
Edgar whispers into my right eardrum. “You’re feverish, lassie.” I giggle in soprano, feeling my body heat six more degrees of hotness since he understands me, likes me and wants me.
“Time’s up, Edgar! Wrap it up for next class.” A different Karate Instructor orders with his body standing inside the archway.
“Aww!” The females loudly coo in unison.
Household. Paisley and Paisley’s parents. Living Room. 5:16 pm. I don my red sundress, and circle around the vanity mirror, the suddenly stop, rotating my neck muscles behind me as my reflection reflects that image in the mirror. I stare studiously at my bee_hind, then eye burn my shoulders blades, seeing no wings as I giggle in alto with silliness.
I grab the shoulder purse, then march on my three-inched red sandals soldierly out my bedroom door, turning right towards the stairs and suddenly stop and pivot towards the opposite side of the hallway, eye burning Chase’s closed door. I softly tap on the tippy toes of my hard sandals towards door, sneaking near the door knob and staining with my eardrums, the impatiently wait. Nothing! I present fish lips, ugly then gracefully pirouette, marching down the steps, and seeking Mom or Dad. Nothing!
I stop in the kitchen, reading the hand written note on the refrigerator and quickly sum that parents are at Sports Center working late into the evening hours (that’s what Angels do).
I swing out the yellow front door, marching my red high heels across our green manicured lawn, the hit the vanilla concrete sidewalk, observing the math numbers of vehicles lining the green tree shaded gray road street. I suddenly stop and wrinkle my forehead, ugly, parking both folded fists on red fabric dress at the hips as I stop counting after the math number: 25. Paisley’s party is a success. Unbelievable!
I left angle my body towards their orange front door, seeing no Humans in the yard, porch or sideway then truck up the sixteen steps of brown brick since Paisley’s house is 3,000 square feet of brown clay bricks with vaulted ceilings in the Great Room and Kitchen, 4 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, and a single furnished basement. No swimming pool!
The female voice in alto clarinet hands off the clothes. “Whoa, cowgirl! Attendance requires proper gear hat, vest, and bandana.” Manicured sharp ten finger tips shower me at the south archway with a sleeveless vest in cowgirl pink paisley, and a matching bandana as ten slender finger pads slap a small cheap pink felt cowgirl hat over my skull.
The east wall in the Living Room of Paisley’s holds up the yellow granite fireplace minus the red and blue hot flames of fire while the north wall prettily pictures a set of light brown furniture of with red apples, green pears, and orange peaches of fabric. The west wall crowds with more un-matched furniture as more hungry kids stand between the 72-inched plasma TV and cool big DVD music player equipment between the built-in bookshelves. 
I jerk my hands through each hole of my new cowgirl vest over my cute sundress, then tie the lonely scarf around my throat and suddenly stop, leaning my body against the west wall and observe the kids consisting of Freshmen dummies to Seniors smart-holes from our school dancing in the cleared middle wood planks of the Living Room floor.
Angels are encouraged to attend teen parties, not really participate but absorb the different behaviors, emotions, and manners characterized of teen Humans while becoming newbie Guardian-angels sharing the experiences from of their ward from Human birth to Human death.
The music loudly blasts from the wall DVD with the song Cowboy from the solo singer named Kid Rock sings in his Guitar chord ‘d’. “Cowboy, baby. With the top let back and the sunshine shinin’. Cowboy, baby. West coast chillin’ with the Boone’s Wine. I wanna be a Cowboy, baby. Ridin’ at night ‘cause I sleep all day. Cowboy, baby….”
Paisley’s furniture slams against the wall and empties the center of the sunken Great Room as the current make-shift dance floor while the teens circle with their dance partners, bouncing kneecaps to the rhyme of the music double hand hold criss-cross over their boots beside each dance couple.
Announcer calls along the side wall. “Dos-a-dos your girl left. 1. 2. 3. 4.”
The female twirls to the left then faces the male, wiggling both her arms and hands sexy down her body, touching her breasts to her waist then to her hips, smiling and winking, cute-like as the male sways hips left and right, echoing his hands over the female’s body from hair roots to kneecaps.
Announcer calls. “Two step forward. 1. 2. 3. 4.”
The female steps almost on the male’s boot toes, wrapping her arms around his neck muscles as the male deeply pulls the female into his chest, hugging her with his two steel biceps around her shoulder blades.
Announcer calls. “Kiss your girl, left then right.”
The male pecks a kiss to her left cheekbone, then taps her right cheekbone and he aims, targets, and smacks her female’s wet lips, deeply.
“Yee-haww!” Unison chorus of lazy lounging teens occupy sofas, recliners, the walls, and hangs at the archway while toasting their free drinks, and food plates.
Announcer calls. “Promenade your girl left, 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8.”
The couple of teen lips surface slowly then swiftly shift their hands around each other’s wrist, dance in a circle then stop and double hold their hands in a criss-cross pattern for the second round of two-stepping.
Announcer calls. “Dos-a-dos your girl left. 1. 2. 3. 4.”
I roughly elbow my way into the kitchen, hunting for a beverage of water and find a plastic cup then dump ice cubes and pour Earth water from the kitchen faucet. Then, I exit the kitchen, scanning faces, and plan to stay for thirty minutes, or less since I’m Paisley’s neighbor and obligated to be seen at least by Paisley or my Mom’ll get a full report of my absenteeism from tattle-tail Paisley as I snort like a wild boar.
Because, I am more Ginger’s best friend and obligated to prep the atmosphere for her private secret party hopefully with cute demi-god Edgarrrr as I giggle in alto with silliness.
I step out onto the outside patio looking for answers to the wild sounds in the rear of house then see the six feet wooden fence parameter of one-acre landscape that curves around manicured green grass and sculptured colorful flowers straight ahead on the east ground. Then, I hear hooting and cheering on the south fence as kids continuously clap, loudly whistle, noiselessly stomp on the tramped grass with their fleshy bee_hinds, their hard cowboy boots, their soft flip-flips, and their hard chair legs as I  neck snap my skull to the north, then nosily gasp. I back track my bee_hind to the nearest empty chair against the south wall, eyeballing the tense deadly visual action.
The square enclosure of the orange brick patio brightens against the funny wall, picturing an electronic view of a Wild West yellow wooden two-framed building with red words: SALOON. A electronic pic holds a Saloon with two set of swinging half-doors peek-a-booing into a darken room with four brown Quartet horses posted with reins at the brown wooden horizontal railing with the saddles on back bones in the CG Western scene. There are dressed in white and black cowboy hats with brown vests CG cowboys, standing next to red, black, and green flocked Saloon girls watching the pretend Sheriff-Villain shoot-out on the edge of the real patio.
A batch of red dirt clay scatters all over the yellow brick patio and kicks up dust from two live bodies posing in en guard stance for their live action pretend Western good ole shoot-out. Phil, one of Chase’s former classmates in the year’s Senior Class wears a yellow cowboy hat, a yellow paisley vest over his black T-shirt and a matching bandana around his naked throat and a thick black belt with a blue blinking single light in the middle of his waist kissing his blue jean belt and his brown cowboy boots. His gun hostler is light brown that slings around his narrow hips, diagonally with a single pearl handle which is exposed inside the brown leather pouch and his fighting gun hand poses three inches from the weapon, wiggling his finger tips, nervously. 
Phil playfully threatens the villain and entertains the teens. “I’m Sheriff in this here town, boy. It ain’t big enough for the both of us, hoss. Time for ya to leave…or…”
“Die. Draw.” Edgar rumbles in his sexy tenor saxophone and thunders faster than light the single pearl handle pistol in the air as he accurately blasts a single green laser fire at Phil’s blinking blue light, connecting perfectly, then grunts like a dying mule.
Phil drops the pearl handle of his pistol into the hostler, grabbing the metal belt where the green laser bean hit with both his hands, jumping up and down while yelling like a scared coyote to his Mama as the teens laugh, clap, and cheer the exciting event. Then, Phil kneecaps his body into the soft yard ground off the hard brick patio, ripping the metal belt off his blue jeans, yelping loudly. “Hot…hot…it’s hot.”
“Dork.” The male body timbers in his baritone trombone within my eardrums.
The visible announcer declares in his tenor saxophone. “Bank Robber Edgar wins again. Who’s next for a shoot-out?”
The male closetly hugs the ugly female into his chest and tattles to the surrounding gossiping kids. “Told Phil not to wear the laser fragment near…delicate parts.” He laughs with a hardy bass then lectures. “Ya see, the laser beam absorbs into the devise then it creates and expands heat and light. Best if’an worn on the chest to absorb the hard zaps.” The teens laugh around the male narrator.
Edgar swiftly jerks both his biceps into the air for his victory win along with his perfect white smile, wearing his yellow cowboy hat tilted over his right eyeball and his naked eight-pack abs under the yellow paisley vest, blue jeans, and crimson and black Rattlesnake cowboy boots. The single Pearl handled gun and the light brown gun pouch are tied to his right leg with two yellow bandanas tied around the thin fleshy cuff of each bicep.
On queue, four females dash to Edgar, then split into pairs on each side of his rib cage as Edgar wraps the girls around his steel biceps, then takes his time kissing each painted set of lips while the watching females obnoxiously coo like sparrows.
“Next stud-wanna-to-be…” Male chuckles like a silly clown then his jaw line invades my space and inquires. “Jam…what happened to Chase? What college did he pick? Is he at Burn U?” 
I watch Edgar with eyeballs as he watches with a sexy smirk Paisley foxtrot to “his” rescue while Paisley shoos the girls away, then flops into his naked chest as Edgar grins with a goofy smile and wraps his biceps around her shoulders, then pecks her cheekbone with his Coral lips.
The Announce pushes with his right hand for Paisley to leave the arms of Edgar and return to the grass for the next game and finger points at Edgar, calling. “Next opponent, come on up on stage to kill Bank Robber Edgar. Re-set the lights! Re-power the laser!” He orders to his assistant computer geeks manning the electronic laser game against the darkness in the corner of the patio.
“Chase decided to work.” I honestly tattle without the details as teens cheer and clap while Male and I draw our eyeballs to the loud attention at the brick patio as two bodies parallel each other for game shoot-out.
Alfred, one of my class mates, stands with his bulked biceps crossed over his naked tanned chest and the black thick laser belt wrapped around his fit waist and a stupid half-moon baseball hat filled with an assortment of upside down tobacco stained Styrofoam cups representing his Indian feathers. Then, he shows brown-stained tobacco teeth like a growling animal and proclaims. “I am Chief Put-you-down, pale face.”
Edgar yells. “Die. Draw.” He swiftly pulls his electronic gun into the air and fires a single green laser at the blinking blue light, missing completely as Alfred two-steps left to left then his orange laser fire dies in the air after missing Edgar’s electronic waist belt then Alfred laughs as the teens wildly clap, cheer, and whistle more wildly.
Edgar bents at his kneecaps, shifting his gun at the moving target and fires a second time, missing completely, again while Alfred successfully darts like a housefly to the right as his orange fire dies in the air for a second failure then Alfred shoots a third orange beam, missing Edgar.
Edgar twirls in a complete circle as his body misses the second and third orange flames then slides his gun to the left parallel to the patio and targets blue light of Alfred and misses, again as he snarls like a junk yard dog then step his boot towards howling Alfred.
The visible Announcer yells. “Stop!” He moves toward Edgar and reprimands. “This ain’t a prom date, boys. It’s a Western shoot-out. Stand there, Alfred.” He finger points at Edgar. “You, boy…over there.” He observes both the bodies in the en guard stances and orders. “Okay. I stand against the wall, watch ya’ll.” He soldierly stands his body against the CG electronic pic blocking the view of CG folks as he calls. “One, two, three. Draw.”
Edgar and Alfred pull their pistols and aim at Announcer as green and orange beams die in the air while teen hoot, clap, and act like wild monkeys jumping and leaping from chairs and grass.
The visible Announcer shouts. “Tie. Bank Robber Edgar still leads. Who’s next? Leave Alfred, you’re done.” Announcer pushes Alfred off the patio, questioning. “Who ain’t got killed by Edgar? Step up, your turn for death.” He chuckles like a silly clown then scans with his eyeballs the rowdy teens.
Male offers pushing his skull into her face. “Jam…go on and play! It’s fun. See if you can de-rail his bee_hind…” Male laughs while he stands, pulls on my arm then escorts me towards the patio then Male yells to Announcer. “Jam….Jam is next to die.”
“I didn’t think so.” I comment nasty under my breathe as I stare at Edgar.
Male advises as he walks me to patio in my right eardrum. “Listen, use his strategy. Don’t talk! Just shoot straight at his belt buckle, that’s the location of the laser array. Got it.”
“Not got it!” I react swiftly, staring at Edgar who adjusts his laser belt.
“Just shoot him….death.” Male comments deadly then chuckles and spins his body around to his female girlfriend.
I stroll slowly on the patio and smile at Edgar while he advances to the edge, greeting me sweetly. “Hey, Jam! Thanks for playing but, I must apologize in advance for…the kill.”
“I can defend myself, Bank Robber. How’s this devise placed? Here?” I ask, examining the laser belt, then loosely wrap the plastic item around my slender hips then wink my eyelash, right, giggle silly and wiggle my hips side to side.
Edgar chuckles like a silly clown touching my forearm and offers friendly. “I won’t do…”
“Your hand is cold…,” I fling my arm from his loose grip, looking at his hand, and rubbing my forearm at the tingling pain.
“Handled a cold drink, sorry. Don’t use the…” Edgar dumps.
Announcer invades our bug hug, then shoves with his right hand Edgar to the opposite side, demanding. “What’s taking so long?” He examines the belt around my waist and instructs. “Girls have to use the chest plate. This one!” He holds up the yellow metal star-shaped devise with a blinking blue light in the middle of the geometric design then tapes the devise with sticky Velcro strips around my chest, quickly. He slams my back muscles with his left hand and calls. “Go, girl!”
I parallel my body in front of Edgar about fifteen feet, holding my gun hand and wiggling my nervous five finger pads outside the pearl handle then studiously stare into his dancing brown eyeballs with my slice Angel-vision seeing them and his perfect wickedly white smile. I don’t want to kill Edgar…pretend-like since I rather enjoy us talking and touching, non-pretend-like as I glance at Paisley and Paisley’s sneer pasted to her red lips then I snort like a wild boar.
Reality bites! I am an Angel and Paisley is a Human who seems to like Edgar as more than a friend along with Ginger’s intense teen hormones swaying in the same emotional direction. And as san Angel-in-waiting, I’m not supposed to interfere but interact so I graciously decide to play it cool let the “other” girl win the “other” guy as I snigger like sly weasel.
I stand ready for anything while Edgar nervously wiggles “hi” to his gun with five finger pads on his right hand and tickle the air with his left five finger pads then he calls. “Die. Draw.” Then, Eagar does nothing with his gun, his finger pads, or his actions.
I do nothing with my actions, finger pads or gun but stand quiet and ready for the x-ray gun of the laser game then Edgar wrinkles his forehead, ugly, shouting. “Draw…shoot me!” Then, he doesn’t pull his gun and I do nothing but grin stupidly into his sweet smiling face.
“Kill her!” Paisley screams like a crazy person as I snarl like a Grizzle bear in her direction then face flips my eyeballs and smile sweetly at smirking Edgar.
Edgar warns. “I’m going to draw. Protect yourself, Jam.” I bob my skull up and down several times with the current news update as he swiftly jerks the pearl handle from the hostler, aiming dead accurately, and connects to my blinking blue light on my chest.
I playfully eagle-spread my arms and still finger pads out and parallel to the patio like a flying bird, exposing the yellow panel for target practice of Edgar’s laser green beam. The live beam seriously whacks and absorbs into the metal device as I painfully stumble backwards on high-heeled sandals, and mentally stupid the property of Physics inertia with the combo beam and me.
I’m caught by Announcer before banging my bee_hind onto rough bricks as he kneecaps on the brick, holding my upper arms in his lap, and concerns. “Jam…are you okay? Are you hurt? Stay calm! Let me remove the plate.” He quickly jerks the Velcro strips from my back muscles as the heavy sizzling object drops from my chest then he un-ties the pink paisley bandana from around my throat so I can freely breathe.
I breathe heavy then swallow lightly as Announcer smoothes with his baritone timber, then lifts me to my sandals as we slowly pad together arm and arm into a side chair at the nearest empty table, ordering. “Stay quiet! You’re fine. The beams just knocked the breath of ya…that’s all. No blood! I promise.”
I blink eyelids once, twice then thrice as I continue to breathe heavy then swallow lightly the build-up of mouth spittle on my tongue as Paisley cautiously worries in her alto clarinet voice and calmly drops the red plastic cup next to my arm on table. “Drink this! Calm your nerves! Are you hurt? Do you want to me to call Chase? He can walk your home, Jam?”
I hold my breath and position my shaky hand to my lips with the red cup, slipping on the cool water, then swallow the liquid refreshment and mice squeak. “No!”
Paisley quietly sits, bobbing her skull up and down several times and tenderly pats my shaky arm, concerning. “You’re fine. Just go home, Jam. Enjoy your evening. Rest and recovery in your room.”
“Sorry, Jam. You okay?” Edgar meekly dumps, standing behind Paisley with both his hands on her shoulders, wearing his cowboy get-up along with the blinking blue laser belt.
I slip on more water. “I survived the Bank Robber.” I joke silly then spill the water on my forearm, feeling a light sting and see instantly my skin heat into a pinky shade of red then back to a normal pink of Angel-pink. Then, I nosily gasp, lightly sneeze, then mildly cough as I lift the cup to my face and note the thicker consistency than plain water with the sprinkling gems of chemical, croaking froggy. “Not water, what’s this?”
“Soda!” Paisley tattles then smirks with a crooked set of red lips, left, tenderly caressing Edgar’s left bicep with her five manicured finger tips.
I hiccup ugly then heavily sneeze, once then sneeze, twice and follow by a single rough cough as I blink wet tears from my blurry eyeballs and see my skin flame from pink to orange back to normal Angel-pink. I feel all of sudden hot, heated, and feverish, which is not normal as I quickly stand, whispering. “Oh, no!”
I rush out of the chair and off the patio into the dirt and jump the second set of steps into the Living Room and race down the hallway into the open bathroom near the kitchen, slamming open door then shutting lock on the latch. I whip around and slide into the porcelain sink and splash cold water upon my face as studiously stare into the mirror, seeing the water dry instantly from the red heat rolling off my face, eyelids, and lips.
The bathroom locked door immediately swishes open as the cold freezing air molecules bombard me and the room then cold finger pads swiftly grab my collar bone and sings in tenor. “Jan.” Then, I faint totally in his arms.
Seymore Household. Chase’s bedroom. 6:32 pm. I eye burn the puke green T-rex which is a one dimensional kiddie poster taped by miles of yellow masking in a lovely rectangular geometric shape four-inches from the white popcorn ceiling then stops three-inches from the yellow painted base boards of Chase’s bedroom as his cold hands release my collar bone.
I swing around my upright body and eye burn Chase then slowly back pedal into his desk top as I cringe both inward and outward of his presence since our public encounter at the Dining Room table four days ago, commenting softly. “Thanks!”
Chase appears like the infamous still-not-captured “Abominable Snowman” that I have heard fairy stories about in one of my many High School lectures in Science class with his platinum fine blonde bangs frozen like a funny tidal wave, permanently on top of his round skull. His blonde hair paints towards the color of pure white snow instead of his usual glittering golden twinkle dust.
His deep green pupils become almost midnight black against his pale ghostly skin instead of his usual peachy-rosy skin tone morphing Chase mysteriously into a sparkling translucent figure like the “Invisible Man.”
Chase wears a white long-sleeved T-shirt paired with his white jeans inside his five feet and four-inched framed body while he stand on Big Foot white hiking boots and a beautifully overstuffed Royal deep purple ski jacket zipped up to his throat. He soldierly stands with bot arms and finger pads calmly at his side, looking at me.
Why were you at the party of Paisley, Jan?” Chase softly interrogates, staring studiously with his un-emotional black pupils.
I quickly plop my bee_hind upon the hard chair, screwing my eyebrows, ugly while I remind feeling abandoned. “You used to call me, Jam.”
Chase softly drones. “You are almost an Angel. You should exhibit better judgment with the Humans. What is wrong with you, Jan?”
I return fury, feeling fight. “What’s wrong with you, Chase?” I wrinkle my forehead, funny.
Chase ignores my direct question, droning softly. “You do not enjoy the company of Paisley…even as a High School teenager…as I recall.”
“Why do you use full sentences, not contracted English words…like old Chase? What’s wrong with you, big bro?” I firmly question, wrinkling my forehead and screwing my eyebrows, ugly.
“Why bother to attend the party, Jan?” Chase drones softly.
I bite back, feeling flight. “Amazing gracey….you can recall anything about me, Chase…” I present fish lips, ugly, rotating my neck muscles around his bedroom, noting no changes in physical structure or number of personal possessions and continue. “….since you’ve sealed yourself inside your tomb for past four days, big Brother away from the breathing and living. How in the Heavens did you find me at Paisley’s house in that bathroom?”
“Are you interested in knowing what is happening to you, little Sister?”
“I know what happened. I drunk one of those processed beverages with a mega dosage of preservations and chemicals called ‘soda’ affecting my precious Angel DNA.” I giggle in soprano with amusement then present a set of dead pan straight pen lips and ask. “Did ya drink a soda, too, Chase? I didn’t think true Angels got sick…like a biological aliment. But, since you look like a ghost instead of any Angel or Human….(pause)…are you contagious…to me, in particular?” I employ, feeling worry.
“Stubborn is not a good quality in an Angel, little Sister.” Chase quotes fatherly.
“I’m still Human….for another…” I math…too slowly.
“My Angel powers are bundled. The Latin term is pronounced Ligo. A celestial process administrated by a higher entity than I for a number of reasons. My reason being my…” Chase details sketchy.
“…failure.” I completely fill as Chase curls lips, left like a fake smirk then I plunge ahead and steady. “Dad told me you failed. Mom says you have been re-assigned by Mic. Guess….you not be the apple of Mom’s eyeball…anymore…huh, big Brother.”
“Jealousy is not a good quality in an Angel, little Sister.”
“You…are charming….give ya that one…Angel.” I hint nasty then giggle in piccolo with entertainment.
“Stupid is not a good quality in an Angel, little Sister.” Chase drones softly.
I punt wickedly. “I’m not stupid. I smart…smarter than you. I figured it out. Well, I figured you out…you’re gay. Gay-angels ain’t accepted in Heaven, ashamed of their delicate condition…which occurs once in some whatever …stupid statistic that I can’t verify…without Mom’s aid.”
“Humans are so stupid….my statement includes you, little Sister.” Chase drones softly without emotion or sneer.
“Angry ain’t a good quality in an Angel, bro.” I return quickly.
“So, based on your gathered evidence, I am gay.” Chase drones softly.
“Truth is a good quality in an Angel, bro.” I educate swiftly then smile sweetly.
Chase lectures softly. “The word ‘gay’ was invented by same-sex Angels…in Heaven…meaning full of joy, light-hearted, happy, carefree, merry, pleasant, and charming.”
“Lies ain’t a good quality in an Angel, bro.” I remind.
Chase teaches softly. “Life-angels can not produce any Gracelings…children of Graced beings. Guardian-angels raise their children to adulthood then return to work on Planet Earth. Messengers and Warrior-angels marry and produce Gracelings. When War comes, they go…” Chase pauses for drama as I blink my eyelashes once, twice then thrice as Chase begins. “Sometimes, both angel-parents do…not come back.” Chase suddenly stops and announces. “Gay-angels step-in as adoptive Angel-parents of the suffering and crying Gracelings, providing happiness and merriment, taking precious care of the alone Angel-children until Angelhood which is blessed by HIM and supported by all types of Angels.” He shakes his skull side to side at me and pauses for…1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds. “I am not a Gay-angel.” Chase drones softly.
“What?” I smart-hole and nosily gasp, standing from the chair then and part my lips in shock.
“You whine, pout, complain, ignore….” Chase turns his eyeballs out the window then eye burns me, announcing wildly. “Mom is not coming back to us…Jan. She has been demoted to Life-angel….because of…”
“….you,” I tattle.
“You, little Sister.” Chase truths and pauses for…1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds…while I eye burn the floor with numerous mental nouns and verbs bombarding my active mind with both truths and lies as my lips stay silent and.
Chase lectures softly. “Mom disobeyed when she showed a Human her Angel wings. That is never allowed in the rule Book. But…Mom has always been stubborn…like her daughter.” He pauses for drama and updates. “We might be Angels with awesome powers but we have bosses. And ‘The Boss Man’ don’t like rebels unless…HE orders it.”
“Mom…Life-angel? What about Dad? How does Dad feel? What’s he going to do?” I ask softly, feeling really shitty and sad.
“Dad understands.” Chase drones softly. “Dad accepts what Mom did and did not do. He obeys….like his son.” Chase pause for drama and eye burns me in silence. “Angeldom rules, regulations, and procedures have always been here…under this roof, inside your room for you to study, learn, and accept.” He soldierly pivots to the book shelf behind his shoulder blades and quickly pulls the old brown leather book from the book stack, then turns his body and accurately throws the book at me as I catch it with my two hands, viewing the words: The Holy Bible. “You never obeyed Mom and Dad. Mom….instructed…daily….to you over and over, again to read…. (points at object)…that Book.”
“Angeldom is in here.” I confuse, looking at The Holy Bible.
“That Book is eternally and essentially an everlasting guide for all living creatures…both Humans and Angels. That is why it is written for you, me, Mom, Dad…and them.” Chase views with his black pupils out the window then return his skull back to me, lecturing. “If you had ever looked between the printed lines, you would see that our Angeldom rules pop out like spring daisies. Easy, huh!”
“No one told me.” I feel guilty about Mom and Chase.
“Ten Commandment number five…Honor your Mom and Dad, little Sister.” Chase quotes.
“I didn’t know they were numbered.” I comment softly then eye burn the leather cover.
“Humans like systemically order in their lives.” Chase drones softly and adds. “The Mama-to-be performed an abortion.”
I neck snap my skull at Chase. “Abortion.” I shout shockingly.
“Deliberate end of a Human baby…,” Chase defines.
“Its called a fetus…,” I brilliantly substitute.
“The Soul is properly known as a Heavenly babe to Angels, and a Human baby to his or her Earth parents.” Chase corrects as I eye burn the floor, listening with my eardrums then he stares the outside window, droning softly. “42,000,000 abortions per year which is 115,000 abortions every single day by a cold looping medical steel curved instrument that catches the baby’s head, holding in place. Then, Surgeon cuts into the fleshy and bone Human baby, slicing an arm, first with sharp scalpel….”
I inform. “The mother is sedated.”
“Drugs are given to the Mama-do-not-wanna-be, not….the Soul, little Sister. The Soul is created with feels, emotions, tastes, smells, and pains from her Heavenly birth, down to her Earthly journey, and into the secure womb of her Human mother. Range of feelings is both for awareness, and protection of the developing baby to enjoy the new sounds of Planet Earth.” He pauses for drama then sighs and breathes, deeply.
Chase narrates softly. “Surgeon cuts a right arm. Soul screams in terror. Surgeon cuts a right leg, chopping the leg off from the baby for physical extraction from the womb. Soul yells in pain. Surgeon slices off the left leg, then the left arm. Soul shouts in horror. Surgeon dismembers the neck, the rib cage and both pelvis hips of baby then scrapes the tiny soft tissues from Mama-do-not-wanna-be with the smooth cold instrument as not to harm Mama like a serving spoon for tomato soup. Soul whimpers from agony.
“Lastly, the final remnants of tissue from the Human baby are vacuumed from Mama-do-not-wanna-be into a dirty contaminated germ water pail for disposal into a plastic garage bag. The Soul is numb, shocked, and scared. Then, a Death-angel descends from Heaven, collecting the frightened baby Soul, and cradles her or him into their protective arms, and ascends to Heaven back to Nursery.”
“You were not there, Chase.” I assume.
Chase flips open his purple vest, exposing a ripped and torn blood stained T-shirt that barely covers his naked chest. The deep Crimson vertical, horizontally, and diagonal slashes mark on his ghostly white bare skin over the specific physical location of Chase’s heart organ which is needed for sustaining his Life-force as a  Heavenly Angel.
I slowly pace on sandals to Chase, narrowing my eyelashes, and staring studiously at the nasty deep blood-red incisions which measure in four-inched geometric cuts etched like art into his ghostly skin, scarring his heart tissue.
Chase narrates softly and rudely direct points with his white pinky finger tip at the first crimson slash. “The first surgeon cut of the baby’s right arm is shown here at the base of my heart. The baby and I are connected in Essence. Another Angel term you’ll learn about later after your indoctrination in Heaven. We are one. I am his Guard. He is my ward. If someone or something tries something baddie on my ward, I have good Guard powers to intervene using numerous Angel methods…except one….abortion. Mama-do-not-wanna-be has the free right to exercise her Free Will to be done with Baby-do-not-want. I am powerless to stop it. However, since….we are one. I suffer the consequences of my ward. I cannot die. I can suffer.”
“Chase.” I whisper, staring studiously at each individual crimson slash distinctly scarred on his naked chest covering his heart.
“Second cut of the right leg of baby by Surgeon, I see as well as feel his torment. Each slash cuts deeper in my own heart valve, down into my tissues, separating my arties and severing my blood flow as I share the Baby’s sorrow and pain until the Soul dies.”
“Chase.” I whisper and cannot draw my eyeballs from the numerous crimson slashes scarred upon his naked chest.
Chase drones softly. “I was combing my hair…a common ritual among both Angels and Humans. The first strike froze my body, totally. I was transported, immediately within the Earth bound into the Medical Clinic of the Surgeon like a ghostly wraith, floating in the corner of the Operating Room…then watched helplessly the unstoppable medical bloody slaughter of my ward. First strike had paralyzed me into shock. Second strike I felt fear, then sorrow….then each deadly cut of the Surgeon’s scalpel I emotionally erupted into deeply vile hatred of every one, every thing….”
“Chase.” I whisper and cannot draw my eyeballs from the numerous crimson slashes that has scarred upon his naked chest.
“Finally, at the end, I see the Death-angel remove the Soul from the dirty pail, place him into her protective arms then float up like an invisible elevator into the room’s ceiling and disappearing. I quickly collapse into darkness then I awake in Heaven on bed of white roses, feeling numb. Nothing! No emotion. No hate. No love. No smell. No taste. I can not feel the touch of this vest. I am informed that my Angel powers and my Angel emotions are Ligo…bundled, tied, binded…for both….my protection and my recovery, not for punishment as ordered by HIM.”
“Chase.” I whisper softly, eye burning his black un-emotional and scary Halloween pupils against the white translucent skin with the Royal purple vest beaming in shimmery glitter like its alive.
“The vest is a unique Heavenly tool of healing my outer scars as well as my inner ones as I continue within the future of my devoted divine duty as a Guardian-angel. Assignare….the Latin term you have missed interpreted means to mark out, not mark off, little Sister.” Chase updates softly.
“I…,” do not know what to say.
“Do you not remember what the color of Royal purple represents, little Sister?” Chase questions softly.
Ring! Ring! My cell phone breaks the hot tear-jerking compassionate tension between us as I quickly jerk the lip from my leather purse, grabbing instinctively the cell, and note Ginger’s face on monitor as I swing my bee_hind to Chase’s face, wording softly into the cell. “Ginger.”
Pause.
“Coming. Don’t panic. I’m on my way.” I slam the cell and stow into my purse, marching my body towards the closed door of Chase’s bedroom.
“You have Heavenly studies and obligations, little Sister.” Chase drones softly watching me stroll towards the door.
I swing my face around to him and blast fury. “Yeah, I do. Human ones! ‘Cause I’m still Human…now…for the time being until that other thing happens. And …my Human obligations are to my friend Ginger.” I slam the door, nosily.
Household. Ginger and Ginger’s parents. 9:15 pm. I slam hardy the brakes of my used Chevy subcompact car, parking two blocks from the house which is surrounded by an assortment of various colored trucks, cars, and SUVs for Ginger’s private party. A party no other person should possess knowing knowledge.
The house is properly labeled a “mansion” since her mansion holds seven bedrooms, nine full sized bathrooms, a smelly Library with ancient book stacks of novels, a Piano Room for tormenting my eardrums while Ginger can’t play Mozart and a set of six garages with five cars in various sizes and shapes of van, SUV, sports car, sedan, and motorcycles for fun and adventure and transportation.
I quickly race to the front entrance of double red Cherry wooden doors, jerking handles, and figuring out its locked, then bolt my body around the pink-bricked walking sideway to the rear of house.
Hot, heated, and semi-naked bodies gallop like racing horses around the patio, jump like trained dolphins into the swimming pool, eat like farm pigs from the make-shift refreshment stand of free food, and drink free beverages like schools of fishies from the Atlantic Ocean.
I hear the familiar song entitled Feliz Navidad which is recorded by the Latin singer Jose Feliciano as one of the best Christmas Spanish songs around the world as the smooth words blast from audio speakers inside the Great Room, echoing along the patio, pool to the Pool house and into the neighbor’s back yard.
Teens sing off key in Guitar chord ‘a’. “I want to wish you a Merry Christmas. I want to….”
Fast as bolt lightning…the music changes its lyrics from the musical group Shinedown song Bully with the words of the chorus singing in Guitar chord ‘c’. “All you’ll ever be is a faded memory of a bully. Make another joke while they hang around rope so lonely. Push them to the dirt till the words don’t hurt can you hear me…”
Then silent in the air waves as teens finish the verse without the music. “No one’s gonna cry on the very day you die…you’re a BULLYYYYY….”
Ginger slams her shoulder into my sundress, echoing loudly into my right eardrum over the new country music song blasting from the audio speakers as she models both her waving arms and wiggling finger pads at the teens and teens’ bad behavior. “Look at this fiasco. My Mama and Daddy’ll ground me until I’m 60 years old. Who told them?” Ginger eye burns me as I screw my eyebrows, ugly with the almost vile comment then Ginger drills nasty. “Why ya tell them, Jam? I don’t know some of these faces. Who are these kids? What school are they from? Who are their parents?”
“Stay cool, Ginger. Ya got a great party…going. Finally, you’ll have a reputation.” I make the best of the bad scene since Chase is being all goody-goody, since he can help with his Heavenly powers clean up Ginger’s mess after her private party ends.
“I don’t want a reputation. I want a rescue. Stop them, Jam!” Ginger whines like she stepped her designer sandal in dog shit on the sidewalk, scanning the good-time party attendees.
“I gots your solution, girlfriend. First, get the kids away from the stereo before they break something. Some will leave without the music for dancing. Second, remove the food. Some will leave without the eats. Third, get the… (narrow my eyelashes)….beer. Ya got beer bottles here?” I deduct.
She neck snaps her skull to patio wall looking for the illegal items. “Beer…here…where’s the beer? My parents will kill me…figuratively. I’ll never leave the house…again…ever. My life is over.” Ginger panics big time.
“Look, go remove the all food and drinks. The kids will leave then I’ll get Chase to help us clean up the mess long…before your folks return tomorrow afternoon. How’s that plan, Ginger?” I provide an executive decision.
“Remove the food and beer, right! Got it! They leave.” Ginger bounces on flip-flops towards the refreshment stand, lifting lots of food items into her short arms then marches her bee_hind into the house.
I rotate my neck muscles around the patio, the manicured grounds, and the pool, and see happy teens enjoying sea, land, and sky. Sky represents the single and paired teens waddling around the patio and inside the house rooms looking for more hidden food stuffs as Ginger removes it from the outside table. Land shows teens kissing and necking on the outside patio furniture and tossed fabric pillows from the sofas upon the wet ground, and clay dirt. Sea splashes with numerous puddles of chemically coated water onto the patio and Human bodies as the teens dive, swim, and float in the swimming pool having a good time.
I stare down at my high-heeled sandals and sundress then recall that Ginger has a second bathing suit in her bedroom on the second floor of her mansion since we are the same height, weight, and measurements. If I need to help remove the teen, I need the proper equipment: bikini as I giggle in soprano with silliness.
I race like a Nascar driver around the wandering couples, the parked couples and the gangs of single loud laughing kids lining the patio brick to the kitchen tile and along the tiers of the wooden stairs. I dance and bump between the stair wall and hanging couples that occupy the narrow steps towards the second level bedrooms.
I scoot between the last couple, dashing into Ginger’s bedroom. Her room decorates in swan-ness…(swan art)….since Ginger loves the Swan Lake Ballet dance but dropped out of Ballet at age twelve right before the painful Pointe shoes.
The Swan Lake Ballet by Tchaikovsky in 1876 featured four acts of the home-grown Russian folk tale of a princess named Odette. The princess is turned into a beautiful swan by an evil sorcerer’s curse. Ya spend the rest of the time watching the dance trying to figure out when it is Odette’s turns to go back into a Human as I snort like a wild boat closing Ginger’s private bedroom door.
Ginger’s bedroom consists of a set of four elegantly framed white animal Swan bed posters and Swan resin cravings embedded into the white finished hardwood frame of the bedroom furniture along with the big floor rug of crème Swan floating in the pretend baby blue water. The furniture matches perfectly with the bed frame, a four-tiered chest, a nine-drawer dresser under a horizontal mirror, and two three-boxed night stands all on bun feet (kinda like folded fists of hand). The night stand holds a fake not-working old fashioned French telephone model in antique brass for looks. Whatever!
The walls paint taupe (that’s dark walnut color) with crème molding around both the floor boards and ceiling moldings and the bedspread covers in a gold and crème satin design of sideways wiggly lines running the soft fabric.
The most useful item in bedroom is Ginger’s Swan Vanity furniture which is a wooden piece with a low hanging vertical mirror built into the wood for viewing her beautiful body and the four short drawers are filled with Ginger’s jewelry, makeup and one secret item known only to me and her as I snigger like a sly weasel.
I quickly lock the knob for security then twist my body towards the Vanity, sliding my sandals across the shiny wooden floor, then kneecap onto the rug and pull straight out the third drawer on left side of the Vanity set. Then, I gently ease the single item of velvet covered green pouch, not locked by a key or a latch then open the lid, revealing a bikini. I smile wickedly then remove my sundress and change, quickly.
Pool. 10:02 pm. As guard doggie of non-planned party, I priss, cute-like in the two-piece Aqua sequined $1,000 for display-only bikini. Ginger’s parents own a banquet furniture company and provide tables and chairs for all types of businesses in the US. They do not travel for the scheduled assignments, only the furniture and furniture’s employees. Once in a while, her folks enjoy attending some of the newer popular promotional parties and this particular one includes as a give away which is the expensive bikini to Ginger’s Mom who has passed it down to Ginger.
Ginger wears the pinkish-purple sparkling sequins under the white peek-a-boo beach cover up on her body as she cleans the beer stains on the patio brick as I snort like a wild boar.
The bottom piece is thong….yeah….my pink tight cheeks a-glowing within the light bluish-green sequins that cover the front of me and my girly treasure chest. The top piece is Aqua spaghetti strings tied at my neck and around my back muscles, holding up them other two treasures that glitter like a set of Aqua diamonds among the flashy patio lights.
Edgar seductively sits on the lip of the hot tub in a tight black Speedo, cooling both sets of cheeks as I giggle in soprano with excitement and admiringly stare at the handsome lad. His eyeball catches my spying as he sucks down a cool bottle of beer then he drops the bottle, motioning with his free hand towards him and tenderly pats at the empty spot on the concrete between his eagle-spread legs.
I giggle in piccolo in excitement and wave silly with my five finger pads back at the hunk as he sucks more beer, then motions, again with his invitation at the hot tub “hot spot.”
Then, an unknown girl’s bee_hind blocks my peek-a-view of Edgar, shaking her fabric-covered cheeks up and down then shoots that bee_hind out like a stinger bumblebee in the air as her face bad breathes into Edgar’s nostrils. Then, her bee_hind uprights like a solider then gracefully twists her body left from Edgar and shuffles her bee_hind towards the set of French door leading into the Living Room.
Edgar smirks with a set of crooked pink lips, right, while motioning with his free hand at me, and tenderly pats at the empty spot on the concrete while I nervously excite within my heart and softly clap both my hands for a small victory, then touch my bony elbow with angry Ginger.
Ginger bad breathes into my face, blocking the handsome view of Edgar. “Jam, someone vomited…” She snarls like a baby Grizzle bear in a nasty clarinet and orders. “What ya doing…wearing that thing…? Never mind!” She huffs musically breathes of invisible steam of smoke and narrates. “Some one has vomited in the Dining Room. Get the mop and hand detergent, clean it up, pronto.” She eye burns the surrounding teens, confusing. “I did what you recommended and moved all the food and beer…” She yelps loudly, eye burning the newly placed food items on the make-stand table along with more bottles of ice cooling beer and cans of mixed sugary beverages. “I got rid of those things. I swear. Who are these teens? I recognize some of the boys from school but not those prettier girls. Are they your friends, Jam?”
“No, I don’t know these kids.” I lean slightly to the right, seeing Edgar and Edgar’s smile, then watch him drink his beer, and finger point at me as I nod my skull in silent code then answer to Ginger. “Yeah…yeah, sure thing, Ginger! I’ll clean up the puke for you.”
Ginger huffs musically swings her body towards kitchen then back to me, shouting into my left eardrum. “I’m calling the police. I want these brats gone from my parents’ house. They’re destroying everything. I thought I saw something illegal…” She pauses for drama, gathering her mental thoughts then inquires softly. “Do you know what a joint looks like, Jam?”
“No.” I word, leaning slightly to the right and eyeballing cute Edgar as he finger points at his chest then winks his eyelid, left at me as I promise. “Sure thing, Ginger.”
Ginger huffs musically towards kitchen, ignoring the bottles of beer and me while I wiggle the aqua sequins and my pink cheeks towards Edgar on the matching sequined flip-flops…(same shoe size of Ginger). He smiles with a toothy grin, patting the empty spot with his hand between his legs that swings over the edge of the hot tub. I see white steam blocking his face rising into the warm air as I soldierly stand near his arm, figuring out how to place naked feet into that tiny spot.
Edgar lifts his body with bulking biceps then scoot backwards from the lip of the hot tub and stretches his thighs wider, tenderly patting the bigger spot for my naked cheeks with his free hand as the other hand finds his sweaty beer as I giggle in piccolo with excitement.
I step the tippy toes of my right feet into the empty spot while Edgar firmly grabs my ankle for support as I feel heated and heavenly from his cool maneuver with his frosted ice tipped finger pads then place my left tippy toes into the empty spot. I turn towards the tub and slowly squat down as my bee_hind caresses his muscular chest then squiggle sexy my body inside Edgar’s still hard body.
My pink delicate skin swelters from the heated water of the hot tub onto my legs, hips, tummy, chest, and face while I smell the spicy sandalwood and lemon fragrance from an old chest dresser in Dad’s bedroom from Edgar’s sweating and hot body then he grunts like a wounded animal as I park my bee_hind onto the hard concrete.
I wiggle my toe bones up to ankle bones in the hot steamy water, creating nervously a set of small ripping waves as Edgar wraps his cool steel biceps around my semi-naked body, trapping my arms then offer his beer bottle to me. “Drink, sweetie.”
I can’t see his face but fake my awful Southern cute-like Belle accent. “Naw…thankee…kindly, sir.” I giggle in soprano with hotness then Edgar slowly dips his lips to my neck, sweet breathing against my right collar bone…not touching. I giggle in piccolo hotness while I roast in the hot steam of Angel-body and warm passion of Human-mind.
Edgar lifts my right hand, cupping it to his soft finger tips and slowly kisses each knuckle, then twists my wrist towards his mouth, sucking on my heated pinky skin as I burn with hot desire in my heart, and on my face, arms, and legs from him and the waffling evaporating heated water.
Edgar entwines both his arm and my arm like a flower vein around my chest as I feel his cool bicep on my heated skin then he leans his hard chest muscles into my tense back muscles, whispers softly. “You’re hot, babe!”
I literally…feel that vocal remark inside and outside my biological body since my face sweats with water and my neck mists like rain drops. My arms and legs tingle with anticipated pin-pricking bumps of exploding sweat glands as I smell my bad B.O. and dizzy like I have caught a medical un-health germ inside my gray matter. I comment in a lazy zombie state slowly. “I’m…so hot…”
Edgar whispers softly, hugging closetly me like his toy Teddy Bear as I feel my burn cool back down to lightly warm with his male biceps and thick manly finger pads playing against my girly parts as I giggle in piccolo with silliness.
My body temperature quickly escalates into a series of sizzling heat throughout my body from naked toe bones to wet hair roots as I quickly jerk my torso from his cool male muscles, dropping my legs into the heated water at my waist then leap, T-rex by left foot and left palm then right palm and right foot completely out of hot tub then race into the house
Edgar yells to me. “You’re hot, babe.”
I quickly tumble into a half-bathroom with toilet and sink next to the Kitchen, slamming the door then slowly fumble with the silver lock, securing me into the tiny room then trip on my big feet of flip-flops heels towards the vertical mirror. My bright pink nature skin exponentially glows before my green eyes from a sunburn pink to a wild rose rosy to neon orange to auburn to a fire engine red and then full blood crimson blast.
I touch my glowing blood red face as my right hand sizzles with white vertical streams of steam and sing in bass alto. “Fever.” My left hand slips as my sweat pours from my finger pads touching the yellow porcelain sink then I eye burn yellow and brown tiles, while falling towards floor.
A set of cold hands grab me by my shoulders and sing in tenor. “Jan.” I faint totally.
Bedroom. 10:23 pm. I awake with my eyeballs in my body in an upright position like an arrow, leaning against steel hardness as I blink my eyelashes once, twice and thrice. I see Edgar’s bright perfect smile against his glowing peachy-beige zitless face with a set of dancing wicked hazel eyes. He religiously uses those eyeballs to roam up and down my semi-naked bikini state as I balance inside his taunt biceps while he wears only his tiny bathing suit that leaves nothing to my girly imagination.
“I…so hot. Your hands…so cool on me.” I meekly say, closing my eyelashes, touching my face with both my sweaty hands, feeling too weak to stand.
Edgar man-pulls me into his naked chest, while identifying, mysteriously. “….called White Fever, sugar.”
“You…cold like….Arctic wave touch. Touch me!” Edgar wraps his right steel bicep around my waist for support and balance keeping me from tumbling face first onto the floor then lands his large left hand over my forehead as I feel joyfully cooler.
“I…feverish. I…not…understand.” I slo mo the words, while feeling feel dizzy, tired, and hot.
He laughs with a bass tuba and tattles. “The last symptom…before your wings pop…”
“My wings…come.” I pause for drama and eye burn his smile then lift my jaw and see his dancing eyeballs, questioning. “How do….know…?
“Birds of a feather flock together or….some other Human nonsense English wording.” Edgar rumbles in his sexy tenor saxophone then smirks with a set of crooked lips, wickedly.
“Hu…man?” I repeat slo mo, feeling dizzy, exhausted, and hot.
“Or…maybe initiated by us?” Edgar talks mysteriously.
“Who is us?” I gingerly touch my arm with my left hand, seeing steams of white smoke as the heat sizzles like a pan of cooking bacon on the stove top since I feel heated like a fever throughout my entire body.
Edgar smiles widely, cocking his skull sideways at me, pursing his lips, tightly then remarks. “How do I say this, convincingly?” He pauses for drama, smirking with a crooked set of lips, devilishly. “I passed my Opus Sanctorum Angelorum.”
“You…Angel…,” I slo mo and can’t concentrate on my mental thoughts and form a complete sentences consisting of nouns, verbs, and adjectives.
Edgar chuckles like a silly clown then rumbles in his sexy tenor saxophone. “You a smart little bonny lass. I’m an Angel from Heaven…just like you. I guessed your originals after your brother disappeared…swiftly from school and the local Community Center on Highway 31 but your parents stayed. It’s always the same old routine. Parents are good-looking, smart, careful, and cautious…and aid Humans…way too much for their own good since they’re birthed to do that thing. ‘Cause Humans don’t give a hoot about other Humans, only other Earthly things…like pleasure, passion, and playtime.” He chuckles like a silly clown then confesses. “I like you, Jan as my playmate. Or, do you prefer your cute pet name…Jam?” He smiles sweetly, and eye burns my face straight through to my Angel-soul, proclaiming. “We click just fine…as them Southerns say. What’da ya think, Jam?”
“Me…you.” I slo mo my words since my mind connects the dots…way too slowly.
Edgar smiles sweetly and repeats with passion. “Me and you…” He moves me towards the bed mattress, lecturing softly in my right eardrum. “Your elevated temperature heat has triggered the Angel-fever releasing inside your beautiful bod prostaglandin E2. The Angel-fever works like a thermostat increasing the Human body temperature through an active generation of heat that retains your built-up heatness…or hotness in this case.” He grunts like a wounded animal.
Then, Edgar chuckles like a silly clown and lectures. “Vasoconstriction is inside your beautiful bod reducing the heat loss through your delicate pink skin…why ya be sweating like a farm pig. And it causes you to feel cold…here.” He touches my left shoulder blade moving his hand down from my collar bone to my waist with his ice cold finger tips then I visually shiver with both…heat and cold as Edgar informs. “This is where your Angel wings lay…ready to inflate into their glorious existence…as a pretty baby girl Angel.”
Edgar chuckles like a silly clown and closetly hugs my feverish body, educating. “Shivering is the last sign before the explosion. When the fever stops, you pop!” He growls like a wounded animal into my left eardrum then lectures. “Normally…in a Human body, if both fever and shivers present, the Human overheats within its chemical body, experiencing a heat stroke and dies.” He grins with a toothy smile and exclaims. “But…we be Angels…with awesome gifts.”
“Me…you.” I confuse, burning with fever and dizziness.
Edgar lifts me under my arm pits and assists me onto the crimson red satin and ruffled lace bed cover as I slide my bee_hind onto the smooth fabric and informs. “The best formation for the explosion is flat on your stomach since wings come from your back.” He jumps, T-rex onto the mattress like a cat then wiggles on his kneecaps and palms into the middle of bed, instructing, softly as he man-pulls me into the middle. “Lay over my body, precious. I’ll cool ya down to mild sunburn.”
I stretch flat against his hard eight-packed abs, legs, thighs, knees, and ankles and feel instantly coolness protection and safe as Edgar shifts both my arms lengthwise over his skull then guides my finger pads to the bed frame headboard made of smooth rounded columns. He sweet breathes into my face. “Best to hold on, grab a column…during the historical event.” He chuckles and gently kisses my forehead, then swiftly lands his cold hands in small pocket of my small back.
“You…cold.” I stutter from the White Fever as my body viciously pains inside my organs and outside with wiggling arms and legs. Then, I jolt forward my entire body over his thighs, hips, waist, and powerfully ram my breasts into his steel chest like a tool saw…continuously out of control.
He grunts like a wounded animal, wording softly into my right eardrum. “Round one, kitten.”
My body scorches in heated pain as I involuntarily rake my breasts, waist, and legs over his cold hard body parts…continuously out of control.
He snorts like a wild boar, encouraging softly. “Keep it up, sweetie.”
“Aw!” I delight in the new body-to-body sensation with Edgar. My blood boils hotly inside my chest, my mind, and my soul then involuntarily fling against him out of control.
He grunts like a wild animal, cheering into my right eardrum. “Thrust, kiddo.”
“Aww!” I pleasure my feelings in happiness, sweat, panting heavy out of breathe as I forcefully drive into his body parts…continuously.
He pants like a dog then shouts loudly into my right eardrum. “Harder, baby.”
“Awww!” I elate with passionate emotions, searing in my heated sweat and heavy pant then I push with a hardy shove against him out of wild control.
He pants hardy, sweating more heavy, ordering into my left eardrum. “Faster, darling.”
“Awwww!” I slide faster back and forth horizontally against his body as I thrill in fiery heat, then shiver in coldness ice, and burn in hotness with the White Fever.
“Go, baby!” He yells into my right eardrum, sweating in my heat as he inhales and exhales puff of oxygen with a goofy smile.
“I feel…” His coolness against my heatness…over and over again as I excite in feelings of pleasure, pouring buckets of wet sweat from my face, breasts, arms, legs, and soles of my naked feet.
“Hit me again, cutie.” He screams into my left eardrum, cooling down my fever with his icy breathe and Popsicle hands that roam from my collar bones to my hip bones.
“I’m coming…” I ecstasy with a new hot desire as wet water flings onto us, the satin bed comforter and bedroom post marble columns as I ride forward the wave of sultry heat and blistering fever covering me and him.
“Do it, girl.” He commands and growls like a wounded animal into my right eardrum.
Pop! “Hallelujah.” Edgar congrats into my right eardrum as I still in mind peace, wet sweat, and emotional pleasure.
My wings violently from my back muscles as I blissfully fling my arms and legs into his body, panting hardy, and breathing swallow while snipping air with a pink tongue for oxygen. Edgar gently rubs my sweaty neck and shoulder bones in a relaxing fluid motion with his ice cold refreshing ten finger pads.
I lounge luxuriously, then reach behind my right shoulder with as index finger pad and a thumb, feel…I scream terribly. “Horns….I feel horns. I possess Devil horns, not Angel wings.”
“No, love!” He adjusts softly then gently bites on my jaw line, nipping softly with his perfect front teeth and corrects sweetly. “Them be nubs…not horns. Wait for it! Wings grow like Indian corn up towards the Heavens then expand outwards like Rose bush thorns into two beautiful objects of pure white desire and pleasure.”
I grunt heavy and feel the raising blood pressure, then the building heat that’s more intense pain then before as the vehement heated sizzle dances along my shoulders blades and then plummets like a Earth gravity down towards my spine. I burn with new fever and scream violently with more pain.
Edgar wraps one steel bicep around my neck and the other around my waist tightly, whispering like butterfly’s wings into my right eardrum. “Second round, kitten.” He licks my wet cheekbone with his delicious tongue then plows his lips into my wet salvia mouth.
“Ugh!” I shout in pain as my body involuntarily rocks side to side like a sinking ship in the Atlantic Ocean while I feel the tug of the short nubs painfully growing from their sharp tips into larger rounded bumps, painfully.
He holds me tight around my neck and waist, encouraging sweetly into my right eardrum. “Hang on, darling!”
“Ughh!” I shiver in sizzling heat then shake violently in pain my body side to side on top of his chest, hips, and legs as Edgar grunts like a wound animal.
“Shake it, sweetie!” He enfolds my body by drawing my limbs closer into his chest making us one.
“Ughhh!” I snarl like a Grizzle bear from pain as my wings grow up high, down low and sideways long then my wicked dance moves side to side sliding pleasurably over sweaty Edgar.
“Rock me, pet.” He drapes both his arms and legs around me, rocking us side to side like a pleasure ship cruise sailing to the Caribbean islands and tickles my right eardrum with his tongue.
“Ughhhh!” I grunt like a wounded animal in exhaustion of worry coupled with passion of fire and ice. My wings extend down to my kneecaps as the feathers tickle the back of my sweaty calves and continue to fall to towards my toes in pain.
“Go girl!” He swathes and sways me side to side for both my comfort and protection.
“Almost there!” I feel the soft baby feathers reminding of Mom’s Angel wings tickling my pink toes.
“Dance for me, sweetheart!” He encourages sweetly in my right eardrum, covering me with his sweaty body of hands, biceps, legs and kneecaps.
I swiftly collapse into his arms in peace and lightly bath in our sweat which is a sizzling steam of boiling water with a sweet smell of his sandalwood and lemon coupled with a new odor of lavender and lilies. I whisper softly into his left eardrum. “Good odor.”
“Angels smell pretty, babe…even bad ones.” Edgar comments softly then lifts his face and smiles sweetly at me then passionately kisses my lips as I return the yummy kiss more intensively as our tongues fight and play for domination.
We surface with lip spittle then I smile and announce proudly. “I’m an Angel.”
“You’re hot, Angel.” Edgar compliments, smiling then passionately smacks my lips, again as we surface and smile goofy at each other.
“I’m cool, Angel.” I counter.
He gingerly touches my left wing arch with his cool finger tips, cooing. “Beautiful…you.” He caresses lovingly one single soft feather then gently strokes with his finger tips down the single vaned feather…moving carefully to the next one.
I feel tingles, tinkles, and giggles as each good sensation bombards my nerves, mind, and heart from the feather touch, smiling sweetly at Edger.
Edgar suddenly stops the feather caress then shifts his hard body under my delicate skin as I take the hint and shuffle off him, crawling backwards on fours (palms and kneecaps) off bed mattress then soldierly stand on the carpet.
I eye burn Ginger’s $1,000 bikini then view the crimson red satin bed comforter coated in scattered Aqua sparkles and worry. “I lost all the sequins.”
Edgar stands in front of beside me, admiring my new wings, smiling. “You can put them back on…as Angel with new supernatural abilities.”
“How?” I inquire with kitty-cat curiosity.
He instructs softly, holding his palm open for his sweet invite. “Gimme your hand.” I present five arched joints as Edgar gently touches my hand with his cool temps as my skin burns with lust. He arches his neck like a cat then kisses my knuckles, moving his wet lips to each individual finger, kissing the arched joint then sliding to the next neatly trimmed finger nail.
He breathes heavy then lifts his chin and smiles, breaking our intimate connection as my heart skips a beat and lifts my left index finger nail almost to his lips and suddenly stops, smiling brightly while my tummy flip-flops. He licks hotly my left index finger pad then swings the wet finger towards me, wording softly. “Close your eyes.”
I obey faithfully then he gently touches my wet finger pad to my chest below my throat then softly presses it against my skin, ordering in his sexy tenor saxophone. “Replace sequins.” He glides my finger pad down the middle of my chest between my breasts, rib cage, belly naval to top of my bikini thong.
Tiny musically pings and pongs attack my bikini and my emotions as I giggle in piccolo and Eagar orders. “Open your eyes.”
I eye burn his dancing hazel pupils, then chin whip my face down to my breasts, seeing intact rows of Aqua sequins glittering in the sun light as I neck snap my skull to open window. “Sun…light. It’s day time out that window.”
Edgar comments without viewing the window. “Around six am…”
“We’ve been together….all night. I’m in so much…” I dump fearfully if my Dad finds this out.
“Wings explosion of an Angel is both long and dangerous. We don’t do anything wrong, Jam. Usually, an Angel deals with the pain and angst….alone.” Edgar updates sadly.
“Alone?” I repeat softly.
The invisible body voices in loud flute soprano from down stairs outside out bedroom door. “Ginger!”
I neck snap my skull to closed door, recognizing the room, then eye burn Edgar, feeling concern. “We’re still at Ginger’s house. We’re in major trouble. Okay…you…you’re the one in so much trouble, Edgar. Ginger’s parents don’t allow strangers to stay overnight much less boys.”
He tenderly touches and squeezes both my shoulder then slowly strokes my lean muscles down to my elbows and sweetly squeezes, reminding gently. “We…are Angels, remember. We won’t get into trouble.” He hugs, kisses with fiery my moving lips before I can disagree. “You possess powers. Just think the item you want. It will happen…like magic. Close your eyes, baby.”
I obey faithfully and mentally think of my blue jean skirt, my pink halter top with the cute rows of ruffles across the chest and my blue jean high heels. Pop! I feel the cold air currents shift and the invisible winds increase around my new Angel form with inflated wings as I open eyelashes, seeing my clothes over Ginger’s $1,000 dollars expensive Aqua bikini, then I smile happily.
Edgar vertically scans with eyeballs from my hair roots to pink-painted toes, complimenting. “Very nice.” He kisses my lips, then orders. “Squat!” I screw my eyebrows, ugly then he commands. “Bend at the knees…(chuckles)….I’m going to set your beautifully body near the 100-year old Oak tree outdoors.” I nod my skull, once in silence and he orders. “Close your eyes, sugar.” Edgar holds both my shoulder, kissing my lips.
Front lawn. 6:30am. I materialize in the bright light, opening my eyelashes and quickly fall to my kneecaps, then open my palms, plopping on wet grass as I giggle then soldierly stand and swiftly scan the trees, cars, street, and neighbors. Clear!
I gallop around the brick house corner and suddenly halt, eye burning the three police cars with the red and blue flashing lights, red flashing lights of four ambulances with parked white stretchers on the manicured lawn and two fire engine trucks with the ladders parked along the city street. The EMS uniformed people march up and down like drilled soldiers along the city street and sidewalks in front of houses as I swing my body towards the front door, race up the ten bricked steps, seeing the open archway, and dash into empty foyer, leading my new sandals into the crowded and destroyed Living Room of Ginger’s mansion.
Ginger’s Mama and Daddy park on their kneecaps upon the wooden floor with iron cuffs wristed around their back muscles as they confront in their drooped faces with many hand pistols of the Birmingham uniformed police officers.
The standing Lead Police Officer reads out loud. “You are being arrested for the possession of narcotics presented in these… (holds plastic green weeds)….bags of marijuana, serving alcohol to minors, possession of illegal weapons…(finger points at sofa)….including non-registered two shotguns, loaded and finally, numerous noise violations from your neighbors. Please stand, folks.” The Lead Police Officer jerks his chin to the New Uniform, ordering. “Take them to the car. Read them their rights and book them for named charges.” The New Uniform nods his cap, once in silence then glides to Ginger’s Mama, assisting her body to stand with her wrists cuffed around her waist.
The Female Police Officer and Ginger shuffle to Lead Police Officer, exclaiming and presenting the small plastic item. “Her Driver’s license, she’s eighteen.”
The Lead Police Officer studies the license, then the fleshy red swollen face of Ginger, tapping gently the license against his open palm, twisting his lips, ugly, inquiring. “Your birthday party last night?” Ginger nods her skull, once in silence acceptance as he warns. “You’re in big trouble, kid.”
Ginger defends poorly. “Those drugs and guns you found at my…house…I mean my parents’ house. I…we don’t own them. Those unfamiliar kids brought them…to my party. Ya know…without my permission…I mean my parents’ permission. We don’t know guns. Check around the house! Ya know. Go upstairs, invade my room.” Ginger slicks then drops her wet tears shining brightly from her eye sockets inside her eyeglasses.
The Lead Police Officer grits his lips and wrinkles his forehead, ugly, wording firmly. “Kid, let me explain, here quickly. Don’t matter if the drugs and guns belong to you…or not. They’re illegal in your house. That’s a crime, making you a criminal since you turned eighteen years old which is the legal age of wrongness or rightness….just depends on your judgment…”He smiles slightly then presents a set of dead pan straight pin lips, singing in tenor. “Sorry, kid.” The Lead Police Officer stares at Ginger and instructs to the Female Police Officer. “Book her for the same charges, too.”
“Nooo,” Ginger whines like she lost her cell in the bubble bathas the Female Police Officer pulls Ginger’s wrists behind the small of her back muscles, cuffing them then pushes Ginger towards me. Ginger stops, stares, shouts in angry at me. “Jan, where were you? I looked for you…everywhere. I needed help…the kids, the party got out of control. You disappeared off the planet. I counted on you….to guard my back.”
I stare into her tears then honestly truth. “Got sick. I left.”
The Female Police Officer pushes Ginger towards the open archway as Ginger calls softly. “Thanks for nothing, Jan.”
“Jan.” Dad approaches from my left as I study his surprisingly green eyeballs then he hugs my shoulders with concern, asking fatherly. “Are you alright? Ginger couldn’t find you. I followed the fire trucks. I didn’t know…”
“Dad.” I voice calmly then hug his shoulders with a daughterly love and pull back my face and smile sweetly, narrating. “I’m fine. I’m not involved in this mess. I promise. I wasn’t here when this happened. Ginger just isn’t that nice girl I thought she was.” Dad nods his skull, once in silence, staring studiously at me. Then I pat my own right collar bone like a shared secret signal, wording. “Let’s go home….the non-traditional way, Dad. I have something to show you.”
Dad eye burns the floor then swings his face at the open front door then returns eyeballs back to me, commenting. “You…have them.”
I bob my skull up and down like a prancing pony with thrilled excitement. “Yes, Dad, I have them.”
Dad hugs closetly me into his arms then his eyeballs double checks the empty room since all the police officers are escorting all the criminals into the police cars for criminal booking and questioning about Ginger’s illegal drugs and guns at her minor teen party. Then, Dad winks at me then does his Angel thing, whispering into my right eardrum. “Hold on! We travel…our way.”
Seymore Household. Living Room. 7am. I materialize inside our Living Room, seeing the wild Daisy-covered sofa, matching chairs, and loveseat, and shuffle from Dad’s safe arm then I soldierly stand and close my eyelashes and order mentally. POP! My fluffy white sixteen feet of arched soft feathers explode beautifully as I grin with a toothy smile then gracefully spin in a completed circle to show-off, announcing. “My wings….Dad.”
“Congratulations, you’re official an Angel, dear.” He hugs with a fatherly care and brightens his smile.
I immediate note the emptiness of both Mom and Chase’s Angelic presence with my new awesome Angel powers as my eyeballs scan and search the second floor of our house, inquiring. “Where’s Chase?” I ignore asking about Mom, since Chase told me the Heavenly truth yesterday. My Mom shouldn’t have showed me her Angel wings. So, I have learned from her devious Devil lesson.
Dad back pedals my body from me, admiring my new wing and new me, updating. “He has received a new assignment, left about an hour ago. Are you ready for your Angle purpose, Jan? In the real realm, we don’t use pretend baby names…like Jam. You are Jan, Guardian-angel.”
“Yes, sir.” I word respectfully.
Dad quickly lectures, patting my forearm, protectively. “You’ll be shimmery very soon since they’re alerted to your inflation status. You’ll be briefed on your purpose by Arch-angel Michael, assigned then tested…just like Chase. It goes very swiftly, dear. You must be alert and aware of everything around you, Jan. You receive one chance at your purpose.”
“But…Chase came back to us…and….” I remind.
Dad drops his body from my eyesight, kneecapping onto the carpet and eye burns the very tip of my white wing, commenting softly. “You…are pink.”
“I’m happy and blushing with joy and contentment, Dad. My face must be a-glowing from my pink…” I announce proudly of being a newbie Angel from Heaven and ready for my single important Angel purpose.
Dad squats on his kneecaps and palms with his nose almost touching the carpet and comments loudly for both my eardrums. “Hmm! You have a pink tinted feather on the tip of your wing…the left side. Spin around for me, dear!”
I obey faithfully and gracefully pirouette as my wings face Dad and remark from my learned lessons instructed by Mom the other day. “All Angel feathers are white, right, Dad?”
Dad doesn’t touch the pink feather, examining carefully with his Angel eyeballs and questions intensively. “Did you accidentally brush against something, dear? I remember my wing explosion was sudden and scary as I found myself in the forest woodlands alone. But, I dropped into a clearing of a patch of short green pasture grass without the cow turds.” He laughs as I giggle then Dad inquires. “Did you touch a flower or tree branch while your new Angel wings that were growing from your tiny nubs into your flurry feathers, dear?” He eye burns the pink feather, crinkling his forehead, funny and wrinkling his eye brows, ugly with a proper answer.
I lie honestly. “No, Dad. I galloped outside the house and hide in the bushes. But, the bushes are covered with flowers. I believe Ginger’s Mom has yellow Rose bushes. Yes, I hid in Rose bushes. So yeah, I guess I did accidentally touch something and I remember it being very soft and beautifully fragranced….” I am remembering Edgar’s sweet caress of my single Angle feather on my left side then bent down my face, observing his motions. “What are you going to do, Dad?”
Dad wiggles his five finger pads saying ‘hi’ to the pink feather, commenting. “Pluck it!”
“…like a farm chicken.” I add with a giggle of soprano music.
“…more like a bird with defe…,” Dad suddenly stops and re-directs. “This will not hurt, Jan. I simply grab the item and pull.” I yelp in tenor song from the slight pain of his hand jerk as Dad worries. “You are okay, Jan.”
“Yes, sir.” I word respectly.
Dad stands and holds my pink feather in the air for me to see, face viewing and eye ball examines, sings in bass music. “Very pink.” He lifts his chin and grins happily at me, commenting. “Well, the rose you swiped is happy, also. When our precious wings touch a living object, the object becomes actually blessed by Heaven….in a celestial sense. That rose will live for decades to come. That’s part of our Angel-magic.” Fun-loving Dad winks his eyelid, right at me as I giggle and smile then he lectures seriously. “If a feather falls from our wings, they disintegrate into a cloud of soft yellow dust, and float into the air waves until landing upon earth. This one doesn’t disintegrate…because it’s defec….,” He dumps, then suddenly stops, staring studiously at me.
“Is that dangerous to me, Dad?” I inquire.
“No danger here, dear. It’s just odd! I have seen lots of things. This is very odd!” Dad smiles and reports. “I’ll burn it. We must keep our Angel-magic away from the fragile but curious Humans. We don’t want to be responsible for encouraging evil…here on God’s green pastures.”
“No, Dad.” I word respectfully then my body shimmies in pretty rainbow colors, then fades into nothingness and faintly outlines in a pink female, then I become solid Human form. 
Dad proclaims. “Central calling.” I smile then wave a good-bye.
Heaven, infinity space and time. I wear the rough white hiking boots over my delicate pink-painted toenails and white thin cotton long-sleeved T-shirt over my delicate pink skin and white jeans…my official Guardian gear. No purple ski jacket….but a cool white cell phone hangs from my Battle white vest only for celestial emergencies. The younger Angels like the tool for calling for help…or their folks as I giggle in soprano with amusement.
I stash the straight sword inside my leather long pouch on my back muscles and impatiently wait for the Life-angel with the Soul to descend from Heaven to our meeting spot after I have gotten my verbal short and sweet instructions like Dad described from Arch-angel Michael while I missed his cute son Argus in my private Pow Wow. I snort like a wild boar then giggle in soprano with entertainment.
I lovingly admire the finger painting job of pink wild roses with short four-leaves and long green stems that I have colorfully etched from the tip to my shoulder fabric to the top of my hip on my white Battle vest using my Angel-magical finger nails since I bore easily.
I miss Edgar and his funny and nice and cute personality and body thinking that he likes me since he didn’t mention his duty to his ward, probably one of my school mates’ brother who attended the teen party, last night. However, I don’t miss Paisley or Ginger but, I do feel guilty that Ginger is in trouble. Being a new Angel, I might could maybe possibility help her (that’s part of my real Angel thing) as I giggle in piccolo with silliness.
My Angel purpose is to escort the Soul to Earth into the physical room of Mama-to-be as I witness the Life-angel transferring the Human baby from its sphere into the Human mother. Then, I sit for eternally and watch as the baby vomits into the world then plays for a spell and finales with her death. My job’s done…then I got another one as I sigh and breathe, deeply.
I ponder briefly my guard duties and guard life…foreverly then hear annoyingly the squawking noises that break my day nightmare since I visually see the Life-angel float towards me descending the white fluffy cloud transportation and holding the cloud carrier in her arms. Finally!
I stand and wave a free hand at the Angel who possesses a pixie cut of butter blonde straight hair, white creamy skin, hazel eyeballs, and stands five feet and two inches of swaying cute Candy pink robes without her fingers, hands, toes, and feet. She drifts elegantly to me.
I gasp nosily then name. “Mom?”
Mom drones softly, studying me. “I am not technically your Mom. You must address me as Angel, Jan.”
“Mom…you birthed and delivered me into the world.” I remind.
Mom drones softly, studying me. “On Planet Earth, I was your Mom. I am Life-angel…now. Do you duty, Guardian-angel?” Mom passes me and floats the cloud towards Planet Earth.
I wrinkle my forehead, ugly then recall the quickie Angel-dummy lessons that a Life-angel is the low toe on the tall Totem pole until they have completed their missions about 1,000,000 times, successfully.
If you don’t success at your mission, I wonder what happens to the Life-angel. After success, they are promoted to another circle within the circle of something of something as I sigh and breathe, deeply. Since, I’ll receive more Angel-dummy lessons once I’m sequestered as Guardian to the Earth-bound dumbling then I giggle in piccolo with silliness as I trail slowly behind the cloud transport.
“Third round, kitten.” My cell phone blasts in tenor on my hip belt as I eye ball the cool devise.
Mom swiftly spins the maneuverable cloud towards me, rudely direct pointing with her floating pink robe sleeve and shouts softly. “Crimson Tail.”
I body twist to the flying UFO and see only a set of gigantic flying wings covered in 99.99% crimson blood-red vivid color from the both tips extending totally and smoothly upward toward a half-inch section of white on both the rounded arches, not totally colored crimson but very, very close. Crimson Tail descends like a dropped red apple to me then I visually cringe with fear then slowly pull my sword from leather pouch. I shout to win in victory for the Soul and my Mom. “I fight you…”
“I will not fight, Angel. I only want the baby.” My cell talks in tenor saxophone as I levitate…(use my cool Angel power)…cell from the belt, holding in my free hand, then stare stupidly at the mystery voice.
Mom lectures and shakes her pixie sideways pixie in great disappointment. “Demons are silenced in the presence of good. You never read your Angeldom lessons, Jan.”
“I tried.” I whine like I pooped dirty in my panties, swinging around and eye burning her.
Mom direct points with her pink sleeve at the advancing red birdie, while it comes directly to us, and orders seriously. “There is no more try. You save this unborn Soul by killing the Crimson Tail. Period.”
“Mom?” I sing in piccolo with fear, watching the flying bird.
“Give me the baby, angel.” My cell pings in tenor saxophone in my free hand.
“Kill the Crimson Tail….Jan.” Mom orders with a nasty bass.
The Crimson Tail deftly lands onto the fluffy cloud with use and grins happily with a set of perfect white teeth, standing five feet and five inches with slick black hair into a neck-length ponytail on a heart-shaped face with brushy black sideburns, glowing on his beige-rosy skin on face and naked chest with taunt and ripped muscles bulking from the open white vest along with a pair of white jeans, and his crimson and black cowboys.
Edgar studiously stare at me, dancing with his hazel eyeballs as I coo softly and smile back then winks his eyelid, left, extending his left bicep and arm to me and orders in his sexy tenor saxophone without moving his pink lips through my cell phone. “Give me the baby, Angel.”
Reality bites. I suddenly remember that I am Guardian-angel. He is Crimson Tail. I back step for Edgar on the cloud giving me more room to fight and jerk the raptor to my left, aiming, then pound his golden raptor from my right to my left and suddenly stop. Then, I neck snap my skull to Mom, whining like I peed in my panties. “I…can’t.”
Mom shakes her pixie side to side in disappointment, complaining. “Your Father is correct. We shouldn’t have two Angels. The decision is not forbidden but highly advised against…”
“What?” I smart-hole and drop my sword down in front of my kneecaps, remarking heart-breakingly. “You…you question me….my existence.”
“I question your actions, Jan.” Mom drones softly and eye burns me then neck snaps her skull to Edgar.
“Jam, you called me ‘Jam, honey’.” I sob lightly then produce a couple of wet tears filling my eyeballs.
“Jan, you…are an Angel, not some Human silly teenager dancing at the High School Prom….” Mom dumps without emotions.
I yell in angry at Mom. “I missed my prom all the fun teen parties because of you. I was a Human….” I chin whip my face into my chest, remembering the fun times before this awful moment of my short seventeen-year old life.
“Silence, Angel! I am the senior principle, here.” She chin whips her face down into her neck, then return her eyeballs to me and orders. “Angel, you are decreed with obligation of the utmost major responsible….the unborn Soul.” A soft mew sounds within the cloud carrier as I look at it.
I talk softly. “The unborn Soul is my responsibility as Guardian-angel.” I gracefully pirouette and stroll slowly towards Edgar as he soldierly stands…correction…stands, cute-like with his exposed naked 8-pack abs and grin, smiling at me. And, Edgar doesn’t hold any weapon since he has replaced the golden raptor inside his leather pouch along his back muscles then extends his bulked right bicep and hand open to me and voices in his sexy tenor saxophone from my cell. “Give me…
“KILL IT, ANGEL!” Mom screams like an evil fairy tale witch then a meek mew sounds softly.
“It cries.” I neck snap my skull to the pink ball of bright light, then eye burn Mom.
Mom corrects. “Not it, Jan. This is one of God’s precious children…a tiny baby. The unborn Soul is a female…see the pink circle around the sphere.” I nod my skull, once in silence, learning as Mom lectures. “You… (points at sphere)….and her are connected in Essence, together. Think of that Essence like a bondage…from her Human birth day to her Human death day….for rest of her days. You are her assigned Guardian-angel. This is your job. This is your duty. This is why you are created.”
I nod my skull, once in silence and slowly raise my sword in a two-folded fist, and slowly advance toward cute Edgar with his dancing hazel eyeballs and silent soft pink lips. Edgar slowly lifts his golden thick bladed raptor with one hand in the middle of his chest, protecting his heart.
I have learned from my brief and swift Angeldom single class that the Crimson Tail must be stabbed with the Heavenly sword into their wicked heart. Actually, another learned fact is there isn’t any pumping red blood vesseled emotional heart inside a Crimson Tail. Their heart is a black, hard, and cold emotionless lump of rock, making them more deadly than an Earth Cobra protecting her young babies.
I rear back my sword to the right then swing it forward at his raptor from the left, connecting with my weak muscles, and slam against Edgar’s bicep and raptor. Nothing! My body violently shudders with the painfully impact like hitting an Earth rock boulder causing my right aching shoulder bone with the sword to slump downwards towards the cloud floor.
Edgar talks through my cell. “She didn’t want you, Jan.”
“What?” I smart-hole and eye burn Mom.
Edgar continues through my cell. “She admitted you were her poor second choice, Jam. She only wants the firstborn, not the second born. Second is not good enough for her.”
Mom shakes her pixie side to side, rocking the cloud carrier with the Soul, lecturing more. “Angel….all trials are not necessarily physical. He is pushing your buttons, child.”
“My name is ‘Jam, honey’. Remember, Mama?” I correct with my good fun memories as a loving and good Human with more tears in my eyeballs.
“Angel. Listen. To. Me. Please. Kill. It.” Mom staccatos with emphasize on the ‘death’ thing.
“She’s a Guardian-angel, too. Children only come from Guardian parents as decreed by Heaven.” Edgar talks through my cell as I neck snap my skull at Mom, smiling and nodding my skull up and down.
“Mama, you’re a Guardian-angel. You can fight for me.” I accept that solution.
“Unbelievable.” Mom mumbles softly at me then eye burns Edgar and compliments, direct pointing her pink sleeve at him. “You are good, sir. I have killed hundreds of Crimson Tails since my first purpose. But…you take all the cupcakes and ice cream bars, mister. Who are you?”
I sing in piccolo music. “Edgar.”
Mom nosily gasps in air then eye burns me, commenting ugly. “You know this…Crimson Tail…by name. I do not know any personally alive and breathing Crimson Tail, Jan.”
I tattle innocently. “Edgar attended my High School with me and my classes with me and was assigned as my karate instructor at the YMCA. Dad approved.”
Mom kicks back and eye burns Edgar. “You targeted her.” She looks at me, persuading. “Jan, he’s playing with your mind, your heart, and your Soul. Do not listen to his slick words or melt under his smug smile. Kill him, NOW!”
My cell sings in tenor music. “Jam?” I swing my red swollen face to Edgar as he smiles beautifully then moves his raptor back into his pouch on back muscles and extends his bicep and hand to me. “There is another way. Bring me the baby!”
“You…would kill an innocent baby…an unborn Soul…to save yourself in front of me.” I guess.
My cell explains. “To save you, Jam and to desire you, Jam. I’ll not kill the baby. The baby does not die. They live…forever…with us….like our children. We’re their new parents to care and love…forever….”
“What?” I smart-hole, while eye burning Edgar.
My cell orders. “Take the baby from her! It’s okay. Life-angels do not fight, resist, or flee. We save both of us…and we both care for the baby.”
I swing my sword to the left and replace inside the leather pouch on my back, nodding my skull in silence at Edgar and body spin at Mom and ordering. “This is the best for all of us, Mom. You heard Edgar. We care for the unborn babe.” I walk slowly to Mom, lecturing. “We all live and see another day. We don’t have to fight each other. We can get along and be merry.”
Mom back pedals the cloud transport from my cloud base then I leap, kitten-like into the air and land deftly on boots then swiftly jerk the cloud carrier which attaches to Mom’s pink robe of armor that protects Mom and the unborn Soul.
A sweet soft mew sounds as I rock the carrier gently and smile at the pink sphere then the mew stops swiftly.
“Give me the baby, Jam. Come to me, Angel. This is done. We’ll be her parents…together.” My cell talks.
Mom soldierly stands with her sleeves at her kneecaps…sorta in the swaying pink silky robes like a Greek marble statute then ask mysteriously. “What’s wrong, Mom?” She doesn’t answer as I continue t back pedal from the cloud transport with the baby, and body spin in the air waves and shuffle toward cute Edgar then inquire with kitty-cat curiosity. “What’s happened to my Mom, Edgar?”
Edgar powerfully grabs my forearm and man-pulls me to his naked chest and kisses my lips, then he looks at the tiny pink sphere and audios into my right eardrum in his sexy tenor saxophone. “She failed.”
“I can hear your sexy voice.” I chin whip my face to his smile and remark. “She failed, so what? She’s still a Heavenly angel, right, honey?”
“Right, babe. Let’s go home…start our parenting skills.” Edgar whispers into my face as I giggle in piccolo with silliness then he passionately kisses my lips then slips his hand around the cloud carrier handle.
“Are we getting married, too?” I ask shyly.
“Are you proposing my little banshee?” Edgar teases playfully then curls my pixie strand of blonde hair around his index finger as I giggle in soprano with silliness.
“Yeah, I am proposing to you from me?” I taunt for fun.
“I accept, sweetie.” Edgar slips his warm hand around my waist and holds the carrier at his side then he pops seventeen feet of crimson blood-red wings into the air. I smell the familiar sandalwood and lemon then I duplicate his feat with my sixteen feet of white pure feathers.
We slowly lift in the baby blue sky and beautifully hover into the pretty white clouds and gracefully descend down as a new family to the Earth plane…happily ever after.
Stratosphere of Planet Earth. “Round four, kitten.” Edgar teases into a pale granite face belong to Jam’s Mom, then easily swings his golden raptor without her flight or fight at the Life-angel’s still and unprotected throat muscles. The red blood of the Life-angel’s Soul expands one-fourth of an inch from the edge of Edgar’s beautifully rounded shoulder arches, not totally 100% of crimson red colors, but very, very, very close.
Heaven. Infinity. space and time. Four Angels beautifully lounge upon the soft cushy Carmel creamy-colored couches as their wings are tucked securely into their back muscles like finger pinky-sized points and their long straight pen legs are comfortably outstretched and warmed by the solar sunrays from the intensively heated red and yellow flames from a nearby galaxy as the hot tropical chats hover passionately about boy-angels.
Lithany, Messenger-angel pats tenderly the soft furry red-skulled Persian as kitty purrs and sleeps lightly in her warm lap, gossiping in her alto oboe timbre. “Ishi’s bringing Bezant to the Cotillion next week.”
“Her husband…” Lystra, Warrior-angel mockingly pokes fun as she slides off her couch, chuckling in her alto saxophone while she starts to twirls the silver twinkling sword in a figure eight-pattern with the precious jeweled encrusted hilt in her folded left fist as she sharpens her new warrior fight skills. Since, Warrior-angels sleep with their weapon as part of their body and her saber is half of her height of six feet and five inches, measuring 38.5 inches, or 3.2 feet of a long slick silver Angel steel as she eye burns her best friend Carole, Guardian-angel winking her right eyelash with silliness as Carole giggles, covering her hands completely over her grinning lips.
“Bezant’s only her boyfriend, Lystra.” Lithany properly corrects, screwing her eyebrows, ugly since this particular Warrior-angel enjoys…way too much conflict and chaos with un-friendly ugly woo towards the other girl-angels.
Lystra whacks the sword across the empty air in a two-fisted gripe, exercising her biceps and triceps at the same time, making annoyingly swishing sounds as she nitpicks. “Humans call it a tease, Lithany. Hold your ponytail, angel-swan!”
Lithany viciously swings her pretty face and finger points at Lystra, reprimanding. “You….like me….are not supposed to read that anti-propaganda celestial materials. It’s against the rules and….”
Carole purses his lips, tightly and confuses as she eye burns Lithany, injecting. “What anti-propaganda celestial materials, Lithany?” Then, she neck snaps her skull and eye burns Lystra, correcting. “Lithany doesn’t wear a ponytail, Lystra. Her hair’s cut into a cute bob.” Carole neck snaps her skull back to Lithany, complimenting. “I like your new hairstyle, Lithany.” Carole smiles sweetly, nodding her skull side to side.
Lystra continuously whacks her sword in the air and annoys for fun. “A pretend fake story to read, and entertain your brain cell, Carole.” Then, she eye burns at Lithany, questioning. “And…how do you know about that anti-propaganda celestial material, Lithany…hum?” Carole giggles as she covers both her hands over her grinning lips. 
“There’s a difference between reading and acting…like a goddess diva.” Lithany lectures wisely.
“What’s she talking, Lystra?” Carole inquires with kitty-cat curiosity.
“Teen-human novel called ‘Thian’ about a group of mythological teen god and goddesses. Fun reading for fun entertainment, Lithany” Lystra shares in her alto saxophone as she chuckles then expertly pitches her sword at the advancing meteorite from the northern region of outer space as the brilliant fireworks prettily explode into yellow, blue, red, and green then fade away into silver as the fiery remnants soar down through planets into the nearby galaxy with Lystra grinning wickedly at the vivid Heavenly display. Then, her sword travels swiftly back into her outstretched hand using her Angel-telekinesis.
Carole giggles at the pretty colors, debating. “So what, Lithany? These cartoon characters didn’t exist on our metaphysical plane.”
Lithany eye burns the descending bright then dull silver strong then weak streaks, falling and bouncing off the planets, reprimanding accordingly. “You’re not supposed to do that without permission, Lystra. It really excites the Humans living on Planet Earth. Ya got in trouble, last time. Remember, angel-swan?” Then, Lithany nosily sips her beverage as she pats gently her cat’s skull.
Carole purposefully subject changes before Lithany tattle tales to the Arch-angel-on-call for any emergencies which happens to be Michael along with his handsome son, Argus, whose back from Planet Earth after his long assignment as she asks. “Bezant’s the son of St. Patrick?”
Lystra properly informs, flopping onto the sofa, complimenting. “Naw! Metatron’s bad boy.” She flips the sheathed sword over and over between her deftly finger pads while practicing her daily finger exercises.
“Naw!” Lithany sings in bass music, grinning at Lystra. Lystra stops twirling her fingers, starting at Lithany then begins the finger flips, again. Lystra enjoys her spying…way too much as she learns her new words, not shared by the other Angel-teens as Lithany stings bitingly. “Bezant’s not a bad boy. Bad boys and girls are called…Demons, Lystra. Skipped to many sessions of Angeldom 101, I see?” She giggles lightly.
“Another pretend surly taunt…for play fun humor, Lithany. Who sliced your funny bone off?” Lystra dumps, eye burning Lithany then stands from the couch and twirls her sword in a vertical motion between her hands.
“Ya bringing Charran, Lystra?” Carole subject changes since Lithany takes her Messenger-angel job…way too seriously.
Lystra slurs curtly. “ ‘Course.”
Carole sighs then breathes, deeply as she eye burns the above drifting yellow stars, dreaming wishfully. “He’s got a hot bod, six, seven with a set of ripped taunt bronze muscles and adores you, Lystra. I’m envious.”
Lithany shakes her blonde skull sideways, correcting sharply. “That’s not nice Angel trait, Carole.”
Lystra suddenly stops spinning and direct points the sword at Lithany then threatens figuratively. “Lighten up, Lithany!” She smirks wickedly then continues boldly. “Before, I challenge thy in our next sword class.”
Lithany wraps her ten finger tips carefully over her cat’s fuzzy ears, accepting bravely. “You can try your best, Lystra…and lose. I don’t just delivery notes to the Humans. I delivery notes during Demon confrontations….and win.” Lithany eye burns Lystra with a somber facial expression.
Lystra suddenly halts twirling the sword as Carole uprights from the head rest of the couch, leaning her torso towards Lithany then Carole asks with kitty-cat curiosity. “On assignment? You fought Demons on your last assignment. You got back here when Lithany? Is that why we didn’t see ya for the past two days, Lithany? Is it? Wow! You encountered real true life forms of Demons. You won? Did you get hurt…?”
Lystra mumbles softly. “Part of our job….,” She resumes twirling.
Carole pouts ugly with her pursed lips, talking sourly. “I still go on assignments with the Arch-angels. When do I go solo? Arch-angels are so bossy. Don’t do that, Carole! Don’t do this, Carole! “Don’t be…”
“Carole, you’re born a Guardian and target for all…Demons. Left properly un-trained, you’ll meet dozens of Demons, immediately on your first solo assignment to Earth. Your Arch-angel advisor, protects, not just guides….,” Lithany empties incompletely.
“Quicksilver!” Lystra shouts at her, twirling the sword faster in a vertical motion as Tilly, Death-angel roller balls dramatically her eyes into the rear of skull while advancing silently to the empty Carmel creamy-colored chaise lounge, carrying the beeping device in both her dark skin-toned hands. Carole and Lithany neck snaps their skulls at Tilly then they wave their finger tips, horizontally as Tilly smiles some teeth barely then nods her skull quickly, sitting on the edge of the couch as Lystra bites nasty. “No silver wings are allowed…here.”
Wing colorations are important datum in distinguishing the major roles of Celestial assignments. Black is the Warrior-angels while the more experienced Warriors are decorated with a thick single or streaks of multi-rings of colors, blending the color like a rank of awesomeness power as the weaker Angels learn to respect that rank. Silver is the Death-angels since Deathers are off limits to Humans, Angels and some Aliens living in the Galaxy.
Messengers are multi-colored and multi-patterned, since Metatron, Arch-angel of the Messenger-angels likes a lot of creativity within his flock. Blue and pink coat the wings of Life-angels but the overall effect is more like a shield since their wings are white underneath the pastel coloring until they graduate into a new assignment and step up into a new circle.
“Why not, Lystra.” Carole eye burns Lystra, asking innocently.
“Change them, Tilly.” Lystra orders, while swirling the sword around her waist horizontally.
Tilly sings in flute piccolo music. “Fine.” She stands with her inflated glittering feathers, twinkling like a set of tiny diamonds in the bright sunlight over twenty-feet wide and ten inches above her narrow shoulders. Her wings twitch slightly then modify rapidly to a beautifully rainbow hue of baby pink, baby blue, pale yellow, and mint green stripes then Tilly materializes a set of white flowing robes over her black cowboy boots while she sits quietly on the edge of couch, reading studiously.
“Where ya been, Tilly?” Lithany inquires with her kitty-cat curiosity.
“Assignment.” Tilly sings in alto flute music without any eyeball contact to the other girl-angels as she flips attentively to the next page of her beeping device. 
“Death becomes her.” Lystra quotes ugly then laughs while twirling the sword over her skull.
Carole asks for a second time. “I don’t understand, Lystra. Why can’t Tilly wear her silver Angel wings, here? They’re pretty and twinkle like butterfly wings since ya can’t barely see them in the sunlight, Lystra.”
“They stink to high Heaven.” Lystra quotes the ugly boring Human expression then laughs in her alto saxophone. “Can’t you smell the nausea staunch of decayed flesh and lingering buttocks turds?”
Carole sniffs the air waves with her inflamed nostrils then shakes sideways her dark red skull, reporting. “I don’t sense those disgusting smells, Lystra. Do you, Lithany?”
Lithany insults curtly. “More pretend fake humorous entertainment stories…by Lystra.” She pauses for drama as the other girl-angels giggle, watching Lystra twirl her sword while Lithany educates in her smooth alto oboe. “Warrior-angels are birthed like bloodhound dogs….so to speak with highly sensitive acute visual, audio, and olfactory receptacles against their nature foe…Demons.” Lystra nods her skull in silence acknowledgement.
Lithany continues. “Unlike, you, Carole, an Angel of a Guardian nature paired with a single Human being, you protect your Earth ward with an assigned single or…in some circumstances…a team of Warrior-angels that protect both you and Human against Satan. I, on the other hand being a Messenger-angel of information, am required to fight through the Demons delivering my Heavenly datum to both, Guardian-angels and the Humans. However, Warrior-angels hover nearby…just in case of bad things.” Lystra nods her skull in silence acknowledgement.
Lithany continues. “Death-angels…,” she eye burns Tilly. Tilly slumps her silver skull intensively over the device in both her hands without any acknowledgement of Lithany or Lithany’s speech as Lithany continues. “Death-angels do not possess…”
“…emotions.” Lystra fills completely, laughing by herself.
Lithany educates. “Not right, Lystra. Death-angels are purposefully constructed impenetrable to annoying sights, sounds, smells, and tastes around them as they descend as a good friend and a nasty foe to collect nobly our brothers and sisters from the Earth rim.”
Lystra kicks in surly. “She still smells.”
Lithany stings. “It’s your breathe, Lystra. Souls contain no odor, only their biological shell of water, minerals, and components of dirt which is conveniently left on Earth.”
Carole subject changes purposefully. “Can Charran dance, Lystra?”
Lystra slurs curtly. “ ‘Course.”
Lithany asks. “You and Hoshuma going to partner in the Angel Swing, Carole?”
Carole answers. “Hoshuma likes the height dancing over 450 feet up into Orion’s Belt. But, I get dizzy after being swirled 50 times.” She chuckles, lightly. “Who ya bringing, Lithany?”
“No date.” Lithany whines like she stomped her toe then eye burns the floor.
“How about Ozel…?” Carole questions.
“He’s going with Meshobab.” Lithany talks.
“O! What about Jattir, he’s single?” Carole asks.
“Gazzam’s his date for the event.” Lithany informs.
“Bummer! Zabdi, Pochereth or Ramath?” Carole inquires.
“Beeliada, Ephphatha, on assignment….in that order?” Lithany addresses in that order.
Lystra suggests, winking her eyelash, left. “Lithany, ask that super hunk Dallas? I personally know he’s available for any and all dances.”
“Dallas is off limits.” Tilly growls sharply in a tenor flute timbre without eye burning the other girl-angels.
“Who says?” Lystra stops twirling then inquires surly, curling her lips, ugly.
Tilly chin whips her eerily silver swirling eyeballs meeting Lystra’s hazel pupils then dumps in a chilly bass flute. “I do, Angel-swan.” She enjoys reading the illegal anti-propaganda teen Earth novels, also.
Lithany twists her lips, ugly and tries to think of something clever to quote, decreasing the tension in the room before this particular Warrior-angel gets her fanny whomped, purposefully.
Death-angels carry in hushed secret many extraordinary supernatural Heavenly powers which are guarded from the rest of the Faithful flock and are utilized exclusively for and against Satan’s Demons patrolling the Heavenly Souls who ascend to the Pearly Gates.
However, time to time, some arrogant and daring Warrior-angels like, mindlessly or whatever to question their own existence and enjoy stupidly toying with the docile “Deathers” then the outcome ain’t pretty.
Lithany tattles. “Dallas is Fallen. No one’s allowed to befriend him until his probation’s cleared by…Our Leader.”
Lystra swiftly sits on the edge of the couch as she ponders then quickly eye balls Lithany as Tilly returns her jaw line into her device then Lystra gossips with a smirk. “Bo hangs with Dallas, daily. He’s not a Fallen. I know personally that Bo’s a Faithful…like us. Bo’s nice and friendly too boot to everyone….up…here since he came back from Planet Earth. You can ask Bo about Dallas going to the dance with ya, Lithany.”
Carole shakes sideways her dark red skull, instructing wisely. “Do not do that Lithany!”
Lithany updates in her alto oboe timbre. “I’m smart…Lystra’s not. Dallas has lived on Planet Earth over the past 100 years as Hu-man, not Angel and still exhibits those nasty Hu-manly attitudes. That’s why he’s quarantined from us.” Lithany shakes sideways her blonde skull, ordering. “You don’t want to catch these Human habits, Carole.”
Lystra dumps nasty. “The ‘informational wingding’ pressed the wrong cyber keystrokes…(finger points at Lithany)…you, me, her…can’t catch the Hu-man attitudes. Everyone knows Fallen-angels struggle on an hourly basis to survive on the hostile planet for both, shelter and food. That creates their greedy selfish attitudes toward the other life forms.”
Carole neck snaps her skull to Lystra as she inquires with kitty-cat curiosity. “How do you know so much, Lystra?”
“I guess…I part gossip girl-angel.” Lystra talks like a teen Human as she smirks, knowing that all Angels aren’t perfect, especially the Guardian-angels who delivery notes as well as collect all types of information but they have big mouths with flickering tongues that deliver unexpected news to the most attentive folks behind closed doors as she giggles in alto music.
Lithany sneers like a grizzle bear, warmingly warns. “Be very careful…Lystra, where you stand…in the future.”
Lystra stands, direct points the sword tip at Lithany’s skull then threatens. “Warrior-angel, remember?”
“Your Mom knows Bo, right, Lystra? She talks about him all the time when I’ll there at dinner time.” Carole shares unintentionally.
Tilly neck snaps to her skull at Lystra then asks curtly. “How does your Mom know Bo?”
Lithany adjusts. “Carole, you must have misunderstood. Bo has recently returned from his 100-year Earthly assignment, making him way older than her and secondly, Lystra’s Mom doesn’t socialize with Guardians, she’s a Warrior…like her moody daughter, Lystra.”
“Bo is…well, I guess was Warrior-angel.” Lystra tattles surprisingly.
“No way right!” Carole words shockingly.
Lystra bobs her black skull up and down, talks boldly. “Yes way right!”
Tilly eye burns Lystra then asks, twice. “How does your Mom know Bo?”
Lystra ignores the presented question from Tilly as Lithany answers. “Don’t listen to her, Carole! It’s impossible for Angels to switch roles, Lystra. We’re born from our Angel parents. I’m a Messenger because my mother and my father are Messengers. You’re a Guardian-angel from your Guardian mom and dad. And, Lystra’s parents are both Warriors making Lystra a Warrior-angel. The same concept applies to Tilly and Bo.”
Lystra twirls horizontally her index finger tip as an invisible whirlwind of air currents flirts with Lithany’s bangs, talking viciously. “Yeah, and thank the Heavens and stars, I don’t have icky sickly yellow skin under that bushy flaring blonde frizzy hair…like ya’ll Messengers.” Lystra pulls her hair into a ponytail, modeling both her hair and her high cheekbones, complimenting her sister- and brother-Angels from her flock. “Brown hair and skin represent strength and might when my kin fought the vile and vicious Humans at the Tower of Babylonia.”
“I’m really going to enjoy that lovely pink hue emitting from your brown hair set by my flaming sword at next class, Lystra.” Lithany flashes her fiery amber-colored flaming sword, which is the popular weapon carried by most of the experienced Guardians, lifting her hand her sword over her skull then enlightens amusingly, smiling wickedly.
“Bo has a peachy skin tone like me….like Guardians, Lystra. He obviously is a Guardian-angel.” Carole observes studiously as she nods her confirmation to Lystra.
“Bo obviously has black hair like me.” Lystra wiggles the endings of her pony tail. “…like us…Warriors.”
Carole eye burns Lithany and questions seriously. “How’s that possible, Lithany? I recall…now. Bo displays a funny mixture of my skin and Lystra’s skin tone. That isn’t possible, is it, Lithany?”
Tilly eye burns Lystra as she asks, thrice. “How does your Mom know Bo?”
“I don’t know. Do you know, Lystra?” Carole inquires with her kitty-cat curiosity.
Lystra tattles while eye burning Tilly. “My Mom was engaged to Bo before he left for his assignment over 100 years ago.” Tilly swiftly stands as her robes twirl around her work boots while Carole and Lithany neck snaps their skulls to Tilly as Lystra dumps, smiling wickedly. “Your turn to share, Tilly?”
Carole raises her red eyebrow, right, catching on quickly. “What do you know about the new arrival of Faithful Angels from Planet Earth, specifically Bo, Tina and Dallas…Tilly?”
Tilly body spins her face towards the beautiful archway, talking softly. “Too much!” She swiftly exits into the empty hallway, tromping purposefully her boot stomps towards the other occupied suite along the long corridor.
private lounge, Bo Tina, and Dallas, infinity, space and time. The plasma TV screen blasts loudly as the tiny figures run around on screen swiftly and voices converse in hushed tones passionately.
“Foul, personal foul.” The deep sexy baritone trombone shouts as the voice of the male slaps his leg, cursing strongly. “Did ya see that…Bo? Foul, personal foul on our lineman.” Dallas finger points at screen, yelling. “Bro, the referee’s blind.”
Bo emerges slowly from the tenderly kiss and wipes the lip spittle with the back of his hand, sitting with outstretched four legs entangled like a growing flowering vine on the sofa. Tina cuddles warmingly inside Bo’s lap with both their bare feet hanging over the foot stool, tickled by the cool breeze. Bo smiles sweetly at Tina then he eye burns Dallas.
Dallas former Fallen-angel and current Faithful-angel watches devotionally his favored college football team Bama University Steel Bolt wage war and struggle against their current football opponents. Dallas shouts his vicious verbal advice from his comfortably oversized thickly padded leather arm chair of the loveseat. Then he nosily slurps his cold beverage and curses a string of evil words against the stupid football game Referees with evil intentions.
Bo purposefully plays the policeman over Dallas, not allowing any surprised Angel-magic to descend within its Earthly boundaries ironically against the field players on the team fighting against the Bama University Steel Bolt. He twists his lips, ugly then dumps sharply. “That betta not be beer, your drinking there, Dallas?”
Dallas carefully lifts the tall sweating glass of yellow liquid resembling Human pee in the air as Bo eye burns the beverage. Dallas smiles, chuckling. “Naw! Soda…tastes a combo tart and sweet…sorta like candy.”
Bo screws his eyebrows, ugly then comments suspiciously. “You don’t like candy, chocolate, or sweets, only beer, Dallas.”
“I changed, Bo.” Dallas smirks with a set of crooked lips, right since Bo doesn’t know but most likely suspects about the single beer bottle after lunch but before the football game, chuckling.
“When does Dallas’ probation end, Bo?” Tina gently reminds Bo that Dallas has just arrived from Planet Earth, spending a 100 years as a Human and surprisingly recognizes that Heaven doesn’t normally allow Fallen-angels back into the Celestial flock but Dallas proves to be that single one exception.
One month ago. Bo has been sent to Planet Earth in disguise as a Guardian-angel, hiding his Warrior skills to retrieve Dallas, while accidentally stumbling across a Tainted-angel named Tina. Since Tina is an unwillingly part of Fallen-angel’s Dallas’ evil plan, landing on Planet Earth for her first Guardian assignment, innocently.
Present. Dallas slurps rudely three swallows of the sweet drink then drops the empty glass to the side table answering for Bo. “Ten Heavenly fun filled days.”
“Eyes here, Bo.” Tina gently touches his chin, twisting his skull to her pretty Violet pupils as she smiles, ordering. “Let Dallas watch the game, while I watch over you.” She giggles then kisses his soft lips sweetly with her softer rose lips as Bo tightly wraps his biceps around Tina.
“Bo!” Invisible face shouts in her normal flute soprano, echoing from the empty hallway as the tall slender female appears swiftly inside the archway, pausing politely as she locates and eye burns Bo. Bo un-wraps quickly arms from Tina as he shifts sideways from Tina, standing and eye burning the new guest while Tina follows Bo, standing and holding his hands as they stand side by side.
Dallas ignores the new stranger since his return to Headquarters quite surprisingly as a “Faithful-angel on Probation” in the eyeball care of his good buddy Bo, strangers drop by unexpectedly all hours of the day and the night, conversing in hushed details with Bo privately about hushed details of secret Angel-stuff.
“Hi, Tilly.” Bo greets friendly, smiling timidly since all Death-angels always gets his full and undivided attention, even Gracelings like Tilly who’s no older than 200 Angel years compared to his many, many centuries.
“Bo, I wanted to…,” Tilly starts then stops as she narrows studiously her eyelashes at Tina then neck snaps her skull to Dallas, noting the “returned” Fallen-angel sits dangerously on the edge of the loveseat as he slaps his legs and ignores her as a person while he curses at the TV screen.
“Wanted to…what, Tilly? What’s going on?” Bo repeats cautiously, eye burning her as Tina tights intensively her finger pads, crushing painfully the bones of his hand.
“I’m so sorry, Bo. I didn’t mean to intrude on your…,” Tilly tilts angularly her silver skull at TV screen then rudely finger points at the moving figures, subject changing. “What’s that on the TV program? I’ve never seen that before the Humans fighting each other. Why do you allow this, Bo? Aren’t you monitoring their progress? I don’t see any blood or broken bones in their clothing. Are your Warriors in the white Battle gear helping the attacking assailants?” Tilly swings her pretty face back at Bo.
“Watching the game, Bo.” Dallas rumbles in his sexy baritone trombone then nosily slurps the drink.
Bo chuckles, rudely finger points to Tilly at the oversized leather chair next to their sofa as Tilly shifts to the pre-offered seat as Bo and Tina re-seat very closely as Bo leans into Tilly’s face, whispering like butterfly’s wings. “To answer your many inquiring questions quietly for Dallas’ sake, the program is called football. This is fun but a brutal weekly ritual performed by selected Humans, preferably males located on the Earth plane. I ain’t watching the football but Dallas is.” Tilly nods her skull once in silent acknowledgement as Bo plows. “Normally, the football game involves very little amounts of blood but lots of many broken bones which do heal on Humans, eventually with the appropriate medical rest and proper clinical nutrition. I’m not Warrior-angel, anymore, Tilly. I’m a Guardian.”
“But…,” Tilly empties then eye burns Tina as Tina twists her lips, ugly at Tilly then Tina eye burns Bo, pulling painfully on Bo’s forearm as Bo pats tenderly on Tina’s hand.
“I. Am. Not. A. Warrior-angel, Tilly.” Bo repeats slo mo.
“Is Dallas a Guardian, also?” Tilly eye burns at Dallas, inquiring purposefully. “I understand he used to be Warrior before his fall.” She neck snaps her skull back to Bo, questioning. “Will he resume that position in the Flock?” Tilly is exposed to all kinds of datum needed for her job but apparently some important data has been left out, or left off, purposefully. That data being that Bo has spent 100 years on Planet Earth then has returned with a Fallen-angel, mysteriously.
“That decision hasn’t been determined, Tilly. Why that’s so important?” Bo cuts his eyelids quickly at Dallas then his eyeballs back to Tilly’s eerily silver swirling circles, questioning protectively since Dallas is his ward and his responsible.
Death-angels possess long lengths of silver curly hair and silver swirling eyeballs that cut into their golden colored skin along with huge and strong silver glittering wings, giving them a permanent “halo effect” which protects them from all Demons. Their descending Angel forms appear as horizontally streaking whitish-yellow stars across a dark blackness night sky of Planet Earth, while performing their only Primary Duty of collecting the dead Souls. Their silver tinted hair and ghostly eyes chemically drain their pure emotions and feelings from any active human mind, protecting the Human from any invasion of a Demon trick or treat as both supernatural beings travel, atmospherically for their jobs.
Tilly shakes sideways her silver curly skull, leaning into Bo’s face and informing apologetically. “Sorry, Bo! I’m just full of questions which don’t seem to have answers from… (looks at the empty hallway)….anyone.” She giggles in flute music, requesting. “Care to share!”
“Victory is sweet.” Dallas leaps, kitten-like from the loveseat, showing armpits, hollering loudly as the 1970s song Sweet Home Alabama by the musical group called Lynard Skynard bombards the room using his Angel-magic then Dallas dances the Southern two-step, right to right then his boots slide left to left to left, smiling toothy.
“I presume your favorite college football team won.” Bo barks cautiously but his Angel senses are pinging hot warning as he wrinkles his forehead, ugly.
“Bama U possession…36 seconds on clock, field goal, final play of the winning game.” Dallas watches studiously while his biceps fold over his Burn U T-shirt, chuckling happily.
“Dallas, I sense…,” Bo empties incompletely.
“Crap.” Dallas fills, stumbling swiftly on kneecaps in front of the screen like a little kid as Bo, Tina, and Tilly line beside him and they all stare amusingly at Dallas with a set of biggy smiles.
“Sanderson is down. I believe it appears that Bama University’s long fielder is down, Ray Sanderson.” TV announces.
Tina updates, finger pointing at the TV. “That injured boy has a broken tibia, very painful for Humans.”
Tilly slowly reaches with her index finger tip glowing in a bright white light towards the TV, curing. “I can fix that.”
Bo violently jerks her hand towards the floor, reprimanding the Graceling. “Tilly, you can’t…,” he pauses with drama, eye burning the TV then eyeballing Tilly, explaining. “You’re not supposed to aid Humans. They must learn to help each other. That’s part of their humanity, their lessons on Earth.”
Tilly wrinkles her forehead, funny, enlightening Bo. “I have the power to help that poor injured Human.”
“Who are you, doll?” Dallas leans on his palms towards the TV, eye burning Tilly.
“Tilly meet Dallas. Dallas meet Tilly. She’s a…Death-angel, Dallas.” Bo greets informal with a slight smirk.
“Don’t get offended, doll if’an I don’t wanna shake your hand.” Dallas mocks then uprights his torso, holding both arms bend at the elbows like a bank robbery.
Tilly nods her skull once in silence at the harsh acknowledgment since Deathers are treated with great care and higher respect by all life forms. Death-angels aren’t usually revengeful but she has heard those particular juicy tales of so called “Avenging Angels” which are former Deathers who have gone rouge and are hunted down by the skilled Arch-angels.
“Stop embarrassing me, Dallas. Put your hands down, man!” Bo orders as he struggles to stand then assist gentlemanly Tina upright as they stand and hold hands like cute love birds.
“Just clearing the air between me and her, Bo.” Dallas comments then winks his eyelid, right at Tilly as she smiles. He climbs his tall body in the comfortably chair, flipping the TV channels with the TV remote.
“Game’s over, man. Let’s go sword playing. I feel like kicking some steel…bootie.” Bo suggests, chuckling as he cleans the coffee table of used snacks and empty beverages.
“You shouldn’t insult your Angel, Bo. I happen to know she’s wicked with them small daggers when riled.” Dallas beautifully compliments and flirts harmlessly with Tina as Tina giggles in flute music.
“These Humans didn’t seem to have killed each other like before on some other battle fields I have witnessed. This is a very strange battle, Bo.” Tilly comments, finger pointing at the tiny figures and learning as she sits in the loveseat next to Dallas.
Dallas chuckles, while correcting properly. “Naw, doll. Called football. Humans attack the ball rather than the body parts but in a sense it’s a battle….to win.”
“Kill the TV…Dallas. Your team won for the week. Let’s do something else.” Bo argues purposefully.
Dallas instructs, wisely. “I’m checking out the competition for next week. Gotta help my team with analysis! You and Tina start without me.” He flips the channel to one of the many rival teams against the Bama University Steel Bolt.
“Demons play football, that’s very strange on Earth, isn’t it Dallas?” Tilly observes studiously as the Bama State University football team players wear darkish-red uniforms covering their entire body from their throats to their toe bones except for the stark white letters on their chests identifying their roles in the football game. Since, Tilly knows that Demons wear red Battle gear from their throat to boots with their bright red wings on backs when encountering their rival foes, Angels.
Dallas chuckles at youngling Angel, expressing. “Naw, doll!” He finger points at the TV screen, clarifying. “Them players can figuratively be called ‘demons.’ I give ya that credit but definitely are flesh and tiny bony Humans under all that color which is called maroon, part shades of blue mixed with a deep red with a touch of violet pigment.”
“Your description’s accurate, Dallas. I can see the reddish-purple tint, now. So, that’s called maroon.” Tilly learns about hues and about Dallas.
“Dallas, Central’s calling me.” Bo informs as he stomps slowly to the archway then suddenly stops and neck snaps his skull to Dallas. “And no beer, either, man!”
“Bye, Bo and Tina.” Dallas snorts lightly.
“Does this battle entail killing your opponent like our on-going non-ever ending Celestial war? I believe I brought Souls from that particular field a couple of years ago because that location looks very familiar to me, Dallas.” Tilly comments flatly.
Dallas chuckles as he materializes the wet metal bucket of ice cubes surrounding the cold beer bottles, cooling under the kitchen sink in the Heavenly suite he shares with Bo as he hands off politely the icy glass bottle to Tilly. Tilly accepts while Dallas remarks. “Maybe, doll. Your folks are everywhere.”
Tilly scans the cold wet bottle with her silver swirling eyeballs as she flings the excess water onto the floor, inquiring. “Thanks, Dallas. What is it?”
“Dessert.” Dallas states as he screws the top with his index finger and thumb pad then nosily gulps the cold brew, swallowing a large gulp, and announces wildly. “Good for them brain cells.”
The Maroon figures run off the green field as a new set of maroon shirts trot onto the center of the field while Tilly rudely finger points at the TV. “Are the Humans hurt? They’re leaving the field, excitedly?” She sips a small swallow of the beer, curls her lip to the right in disgust then examines the cold beverage studiously.
“Changing positions, defense on field.” Dallas leans with his elbows on his kneecaps, staring studiously at action upon the TV.
Tilly preciously copies his movement, leaning with her elbows resting upon her kneecaps minus the yucky drink after she has placed the beer on the side table between the loveseat and sofa while she studies the tiny figures on the TV.
The Maroon figures run swiftly across the top, bottom, and middle of the screen then the invisible black and white-shirted male blows the whistle and rolls his arms as the Maroon figures stop moving and huddle into a small circle as the TV camera pans to the field grass sideline of Bama State University coaches and players talking.
Tilly uprights at her waist while talking informatively about her Celestial studies. “They wear masks to cover faces.”
“Naw, doll. Called helmets like Warrior-angels during battle.” Dallas updates, watching the plays and slipping his beer. 
“I see but it hides their specific colorful interesting facial features similar to us.” Tilly observes. 
“Protects from nose bloods, doll.” Dallas explains, watching the plays and slipping his beer.
“O! I don’t…I mean I can’t recognize his face.” Tilly remarks.
“What for, doll?” Dallas asks, watching the play and slipping his beer.
“Will he…that particular Human, right there…” She rudely finger points at a specific Maroon figure on the screen as the camera lens shows a close of. “…die without the helmet?”
“Not immediately…like you touching him.” Dallas chuckles since one finger tip of a Death-angel is death as in your heart stops, and comments. “But yeah, if’an he receives a seriously head injury without the helmet, he could.”
“That makes sense.” Tilly purses her lips, tightly.
“Makes dead.” Dallas adjusts, chuckling.
“Would you...teach me this game of football, Dallas?” Tilly neck snaps her skull to Dallas, begging.
“Sure, doll.” Dallas finger points at the center Maroon figure yelling in the air waves, lecturing. “Ya see, that guy in the middle of the field.” She nods her skull once in silence acknowledgement while observing all the actions and sounds of the game as Dallas names. “Called the quarterback, he tosses the ball to score numeric math points to win the game.”
“Is he important?” Tilly wonders.
“VIP important…” Dallas neck snaps his skull to Tilly, comments sweetly. “…like you, doll.” Dallas winks his eyelid, right at Tilly then she giggles and he continues. “Ya see, the quarterback scores the math points by giving that one football shared by both teams in his hands to one of the many running backs. There are other guys that run away from him down the field…or another method of scoring the math points when the Quarterback tosses the football high in air waves for one dude to catch, thus either action adds more math numbers to win the game and become Champs like my Bama U.” He swiftly flips the TV channel back to his team while TV reporters talk to coaches and players about today’s victory of the football game.
Dallas boasts dishonestly. “My team is the Bama University Steel Bolt because their bolt can travel speeds of 140,000 mph…”
Tilly neck snaps her skull to Dallas as she screws her eyebrows, ugly then educates. “Dallas, a lightning bolt zaps the Earth plane at 140,000 MPH and reaches an outward temperature of 54,000 degrees Fahrenheit which is hot enough to fuse silica sand into glass channels are known as fulgurites…”
He swallows beer then words flatly. “You study a lot, Tilly.”
“I like to know my surroundings…here.” She finger points at TV, “…and there, Dallas.”
“Fair enough! Ya see…my team is nicknamed as a Steel Bolt because the players violently discharge like a full crimson shock wave of deadly fighting force energy…then…(slams his fist into palm)…Bam you…(chuckles)….get it, Bam U.” The TV pic jumps to the Bama University football players wearing the Blood-red colored jerseys in the TV film strip of last year’s football competition with their rival Bama State University Cougars without any magic from Dallas.
“Crimson Tails? Your team employs Crimson Tails?” Tilly rudely finger points at the TV screen since Tilly knows that Crimson Tails are disgraced Heavenly Angels who work directly for Satan and get painted Blood-red on the bottom tips of their wings when the win is victorious against defeated any Guardian-angles similar to the new Humans who are dressed in their Blood-red shirts on their chests on TV.
Dallas sniggers like a sly weasel and shakes sideways his blonde skull at the youngling Angel, inquiring. “No, doll! You kill them bad Angels, right?”
Tilly shakes sideways as her silver curls invade her eyeballs, and cheekbone around her skull, answering meekly. “No. I’m too young….so I’m told.”
“Really, you look…,” Dallas eye burns Tilly with his baby blue eyeballs both horizontally then vertically then smirks wickedly. “Mature to me, Tilly.”
“Thanks, Dallas.” Tilly grins toothy like a silly kid, bouncing on the edge of the loveseat.
“Each college, kinda like Angels…picks a distinct color to identify themselves to their enemies, kinda like Demons… (sniggers)…my team color is crimson which is a hue cross between a blood red and a deep blue coupled with the vanilla outlines of the math numbers.” Dallas flips back to the current football game, lecturing then finger points at the TV. “Where my enemy’s colors are them maroon and white Bama State University Cougars. Cougars are true native lions of Alabama that reside in Oppton, Alabama.”
Tilly injects educationally. “A cougar exhibits a tawny brown hide with their long tails similar to sweet forest deer skin hinds and are known as a ‘false deer’ as referenced by the Tupi Indian word: susarana. They are devoted and dedicated mothers, raising their independent cubs to hunt, fight, and survive as carnivores who primarily eat the meats of porcupine, deer, skunk, badger, and rabbits.”
“Them Humans act sometimes like real mountain cats. See there! See the quarterback toss the ball for the…” Dallas lectures then curses strongly at the great action game play from the good quarterback.
Tilly finger points at TV, and compliments sweetly at the Maroon figure. “He’s very good….the Human called the quarterback. Are there many more of him on the team?”
Dallas shakes sideways his black skull, addressing. “Naw, doll. One good quarterback can win the game each and every time.” He nosily slurps his second beer.
“He’s very good…the Human called the quarterback. He’s doing a good job of pitching the football to the running back, is that correct, Dallas?” Tilly tilts angularly her silver skull to the left watching the TV, and testing her football skill with Dallas.
“Too good of a job!” Dallas whines like he pooped in his briefs, wishing he could use some his Angel-magic, right now, directed at the Earth plane in that quarterback’s spot.
“They run around a lot.” Tilly tilts her skull to the right watching the Maroon figures fly around and around on the screen with keen interest.
Dallas continues her lesson. “Defensive demon-guys, see the maroon shirt lineman tackle them offensive guys who are the white shirts…angel-guys…(chuckles)…trying to get the ball.”
“All for that little brown perfectly oval-shaped ball…” She pauses for drama then questions logically. “Doesn’t make sense, Dallas?”
“Ya see, doll. Ball ain’t the star. It’s the struggle, fight, and victory for them boys…,” he winks his eyelid, right at Tilly, updating. “Kinda like them Angels….,” she giggles as Dallas concludes, “…acquiring the ball, not a Soul.” Dallas smiles wickedly at Tilly as Tilly smiles, nodding her skull in silence understanding the concept of football then Dallas returns his skull studying the game and slurping on his third beer.
“I see, thanks for the field report.” Tilly ends.
“Why I’m here, doll?” Dallas remarks, eye burning the TV.
“Why are you here, Dallas?” Tilly tilts angularly her skull to the left at Dallas, smiling.
Dallas neck snaps his skull and smacks his eyelids upright then eye burns Tilly as old as he is, you do not play with Death-angels or chat about social issues…like your life force then Dallas sings in bass tuba. “Bo…”
“I’m sorry, Dallas. My intent isn’t to make you feel uncomfortable conversing with death.” She smiles wickedly then winks her eyelash, right at him with the nasty undercurrent of drama then confesses. “Let me preface my statement with this: I am the one who scooped your Soul from the dirt floor of the underground root cell in Birmingham, Alabama that day. I’m more than curious about your relationship with Bo, that’s all. And, the odd fact that Fallen-angels are never retrieved from Earth back into Heaven.”
Dallas tilts angularly his black skull to the right at Tilly with wonderment, remarking shockingly. “Bo called you?”
“Actually, Bo contacted another party for the job but that party wasn’t available. I stepped in.”
“Thanks, Tilly. I’m very grateful for the lift…literally.” Dallas greets with a tight lips.
“Only following orders, if you know what I mean.” Tilly comments flatly.
“Actually, I suspect I’m following some of them same orders, myself.” Dallas eye burns the outside dark hallway which leads to the High Command Center as he neck snaps his skull back at Tilly, commenting. “But, to address your inquiry, I don’t know why Our Leader allowed my fanny back into Heaven. I’m in the dark…as them Humans say…way too often.”
Tilly giggles in flute music with intrigue and comments.. “I can relate, totally….as these Valley Girls sing.”
Dallas chuckles like a silly clown as he watches the game then yells loudly. “Pow!” He swiftly slaps his folded fist into the open palm, lifting his beer into the air using his Angel-telekinesis. “Now, that’s my kind of analysis.” He laughs evilly at the wicked quarterback sack from the sneaky defensive lineman.
“He’s dead.” Tilly swiftly sweeps the device with both hands, reading studiously the tiny screen as she shakes her skull sideways while observing the wrong conclusion.
Dallas leans deeply towards the TV screen, staring studiously at the noisy commotion from the football players, narrating. “Naw, doll. He got sacked by them mean defensive de-mans…(chuckles)…first time this year.” He sniggers with an evil satisfaction then nosily slurps the beer.
“He’s leaving the grass, is he hurt?” Tilly inquires curiously.
“Naw, doll. He’ll be back….as Earthling Arnold para-phrases.” Dallas laughs wickedly.
“How do you know that, Dallas? The collision looked really nasty. Is that blood upon his lips?” Tilly questions seriously.
“Yeah, its that way but them maroon Demons wears protective gear…like our Angel battle armor.” Dallas violently hits his white T-shirt with his fist since his personally issued Angel armored Battle vest is unzipped.
“I see. Protective gear like we wear during fights.” Tilly concludes logically.
“Right, doll.” Dallas confirms.
Tilly cocks her skull to the left at Dallas, proposing. “Shouldn’t he wear more protective gear to protect his fragile Human flesh and bones…from more blood or maybe, death? Doesn’t that make logical sense for the Humans, Dallas?”
“This ain’t no blood and guts battle, Tilly. It’s a game of wits and strength….kinda like chess but whacking the pieces over your opponent’s head rather than the floor.” Dallas narrates then sniggers like a sly weasel.
Tilly presents fish lips, ugly as she eye burns Dallas, commenting. “I don’t play chess like you described, Dallas.”
“You should play with Bo, sometimes. He’s quite entertaining when…Loser.” Dallas remarks unfriendly in deep baritone trombone then chuckles deeply.
“Is that quarterback resting from his collision with the mean Demons? Will he miss the rest of the game?” Tilly asks.
“I wish. Jake’s a healthy athletic as well as a good quarterback.” Dallas compliments.
“Do you know this particular Human? Are you friends with the quarterback, Dallas?” Tilly inquires.
Dallas eye burns Tilly then remarks as he chuckles at her girly reactions. “Don’t get excited, doll. Their names are repeated over and over in the game. When they do a good job on the field like tossing the football for touchdowns, everyone’s knows their names.”
“O! Sorry, Dallas. I’m still learning.” She stares studiously at the screen. “What’s happening? More maroon Demons are coming onto the grass?”
Dallas chuckles with his newly invented creative nicknamed “demons” representing the evil Bama State University football players, educating. “They’re going to kick the ball.”
“Kick it where…to the moon? That’s the only Heavenly object in the atmosphere for measuring any great Galactic distance from the Earth plane.” Tilly lectures.
“Naw, doll. Kick the ball through the goal posts. See…them yellow vertical lines in the background.”
“Yes.”
He finger points at the upright T-shaped objects, naming. “Called goal posts. Kicker’s going to launch the ball between them yellow posts for more numeric math points adding to the score and winning the football game.”
“Kick is good. Bama State University Cougars wins.” TV announces.
“I completely understand. They win the game with the most numbers and they are the Champs of…,” Tilly empties incompletely.
Dallas fills completely. “football…” He shakes his skull sideways, updating. “Not by a long shot, Tilly. This team has to play my team for the National Championship of Football. My team’s the bestest…the greatest….”
“Your team’s Kicker is injured.” Tilly reminds, looking at Dallas
“Naw, doll.” Dallas stings.
Tilly finger points at the TV screen, reminding. “You are incorrect, Dallas! I saw the play with my accurate vision on this electronic TV screen, when your favored team’s Kicker received that seriously injury from the nasty tackle then missed, kicking the football through the T-shaped yellow goal posts when he was hit by the strong defensive evil lineman.”
Dallas eye burns Tilly, smirking proudly. “Ya understand football, Tilly. Congrats!”
“Best teach in Heaven.” Tilly compliments and grins at Dallas.
“Won’t argue with that statement, doll.” Dallas pats his own shoulders then nosily slurps the beer.
Tilly rudely finger points at the screen, exclaiming wildly. “He’s alive.”
“Ya mean, Jake. He only got the wind knocked out of him, unfortunately.” Dallas wishes upon evil thoughts…his.
Tilly cocks her skull at Dallas to the left, reading his immediately evil intents. “Do you want him dead, Dallas?”
Dallas eye burns Tilly, smiling. “Not going rouge are you, doll?”
“No chance of that, Dallas. I just…am curious about your evil sentence.” Tilly shakes her skull with the negative answer but inquires.
“Ya see, Jake and his red Demons and my team of Crimson…,” he pauses thoughtfully then slicks, “…Angels are going to battle next week….for the Greatest College Football Championship. I want my team to win but like you observantly pointed out my Kicker’s injured giving them Demons a better advantage to win the final endgame. Now….if’an Jake who’s a great quarterback….no doubt there….at tossing the ball was to kinda sorta hurt himself, not get killed, mind ya. But, gots hurt and cans play, my favored team would most assuredly win the Championship.”
“That’s unfair and seems unethical, Dallas wishing harm to another player of the competing team just to win by cheating un-worth.” Tilly lectures with her Heavenly values to the returned Fallen-angel with Earthly values.
“Human trait!” Dallas words, then sniggers like a sly weasel.
“Ah! Your lived a 100 years with the Humans. There Human habits have burned deeply onto your Earthly flesh.” Tilly concludes brilliantly as she nods her skull, once in agreement.
“More like flowing through my dan dang it Demon veins.” Dallas rumbles in his deep baritone trombone then slurps nosily on the beer.
“Pardon?” Tilly words.
Dallas greets friendly. “Tilly, you’re correct. It’s cheating unworthy. I promise.” He holds vertically his three fingers in the air like an Earthling Boy Scout, promising. “Won’t wish Jake hurt….anymore. I’ll accept defeat worthy if’an my team can’t win the National Championship. How’s that sound to ya?”

“Your worthy, Dallas.” Tilly nods and smiles sweetly at Dallas.
“Thanks, doll.” Dallas salutations and nods his skull, once at her.
Dallas swiftly increases the volume button on the TV device as the announce comments. “Hard to pick a winner for next week’s Championship Game with the Bama University’s Kicker out and Quarterback Jake Gunter plowing the Bama State Cougars to another solid victory. I predict both teams are evenly matched. This Championship Game’s going to be won by single field goal.” Dallas curses strongly at the ugly news.
“What’s wrong, Dallas?” Tilly inquires.
Dallas snorts like a wild boar then blasts loudly. “Sanderson’s out. Bam U needs another dan dang it Bam Kicker to win the game.”
“Can’t another player kick the ball?” Tilly asks.
“Naw, doll. Kickers are special. They got great legs to hit that ball far distances. They almost like…Angels.” Dallas chuckles, looking at Tilly’s long legs since she’s a Death-angel, who are tall, pretty, strong, and built with many, many beautiful Heavenly body parts.
“We have Angels in the battle field playing for the Humans on Earth, Dallas?” Tilly studies the football trying to identify her kin in the grass.
He sniggers like a sly weasel, correcting his new student. “No, Tilly. I meant the football kickers. They practice long time since they were little Humans around the age of four, kicking the ball through the goal posts. No one can just kick a ball that high and win the game….except for…” Dallas ponders mentally.
“Except for what?” Tilly wonders.
“If’an I was living in Alabama, I could be my team’s kicker just for this…one game, guaranteeing the Championship….” Dallas empties incompletely then chuckles wickedly.
“You can do that?” Tilly inquires wisely.
“Well, if’an I was living as a Human, now…since I’m an Angel…. (drops his timbre into bass drum)…on probation. I can’t waltz down to Earth without Bo attacking my…” He eye burns the empty hallway, pausing with his evil mental thought then Dallas confesses. “I can’t. I guess my team’s gotta find a replacement kicker.”
“You just explained that no other kicker is available.” Tilly logics.
“Well, the coach, the one that leads the team will be testing new kickers to find a proper replacement for Sanderson. Someone that can kick that far to the goal posts.” Dallas drones flatly, not being able to help his favored college football team.
“How far to kick the ball through the goal posts?” Tilly asks.
“Field is 120 yards long, includes 10 yard end zones, making for 360 feet by 53.3 yards wide or 160 feet across. The goal posts are 18 feet high and 6 inches wide. Field goal range is 17 yards distance from the line of scrimmage to goal line which includes the end zone then there’s the 7 yards that the holder of the ball needs to get out of the defense’s fists. So, the average field goal is 47 yards.”
“Is that easy?” Tilly quizzes.
“For me, yeah, a breeze…” Dallas compliments his talents.
“…with Angel-magic.” Tilly slicks.
Dallas smiles at her brilliant deduction, thinking ya can’t fool a Death-angel even in life. “Ok, doll. You win the debate…with my Angel-magic.”
Tilly eye burns the device as it blinks brightly in red letters, inquiring. “Dallas, that quarterback…the one TV…the one named Jake…will he play in the Championship Game against your favored team?”
“Most definitely.” Dallas nods his skull, once then slurps his beer.
“Will he…can he…is he nice to your team’s players, not hitting and fighting like real Demons?” Tilly asks the odd question.
Dallas smiles wickedly. “When not hitting purposefully during the game, the players are social, doll. Them players shake hands after the game for good sportsmanship. Now, if’an I lost the Championship Game, I’ve plow my fists through Jake’s…”
“Dallas?” Tilly names.
“Sorry, just utilizing my vivid imagination, Tilly.” Dallas slurps heavily the beer then smiles wickedly while listening to TV. Tilly swiftly stands, monitoring carefully the beeping device in both her hands. “What’s wrong, doll?” Dallas eye burns her abrupt movement, asking.
“My job.” Tilly spits, coolly.
“In the democracy of the dead, all men and women at last are equal.” Dallas proclaims then chuckles then slurps his beer.
“Brilliant, Dallas.” Tilly quotes as she swings her body towards the archway, reporting for work.
“That’s me!” Dallas slicks then laughs.
Invisible face yells, loudly. “Harp lessons…Dallas.” Dallas curses strongly.
November. Sunday. Engagement party, Gunter manor, 33 Vine Street, Mountain Brook, Alabama, full moon, 55ºF, 7:12 pm. Mountain Brook was the first city of Alabama in 1942, establishing the Council-Manager formal government where the Mayor serves as a policy head of the city. The City Council serves as a legislative body for the community and presently, half of the community of Mountain Brook gulps freely the constant flowing champagne from their fluted glasses, while standing, or sitting in Dad’s Banquet Hall of Gunter Manor, listening to the grand announcement where formal gowns dance smoothly over the floor as eyeballs stare studiously at the young people and voices cheer mildly.
Jake forcefully jerks with his index finger at the neon bright Violet bow tie, suffocating his esophagus during Dad’s speech. He slowly wipes his wet hand from the over chilled and sweating champagne fluted glass onto the baby Violet tulip-shaped thingies sewn onto his white tuxedo vest of his black monkey suit while he eye burns pretty Priscella Bramlett.
She…like the other lovely girls attending Dad’s gala…wears one of these poufy princess ball gowns while Priscilla’s gown is designed as a white full tulle skirt with three tiers of stiff white ruffles with these “slapped stupidly by monkeys” little tiny baby Violet tulip-shaped beaded accents. Her upper body is covered in a shoulder-less white satin, decorating with Jake’s same little baby sparkling violet-shaped tulips in hand sewn beads along with the thick neon Violet satiny sash around her tiny waist. A big diamond necklace occupies her pale swan neck along with a diamond bright smile and matching tear-dropped shaped diamond earrings while her blonde hair is pinned in a tight bun like a shiny tiara over her skull with a bunch of tiny live Violets smashes into her Clairol-covered honey blonde hair roots. Her lips and nails paint Seaside Coral.
Other females wear one of many different styles dress, a single sequined rainbow tulle long plantation skirt or a gathered pick-up satin and lace skirt, or a sexy silk mermaid silhouette with beads, making the young teens appear sweet, sophisticated, or sexy.
All the elaborate formal gowns are presented for all the elaborate formal affairs such as this planned Engagement Party for Jake and his fiancé, Priscella since their wedding will follow three weeks after their college graduation in May…next calendar year.
Mayor painfully slaps the steel back muscles of Jake as Jake’s champagne overflows onto his hand then his black jacket suit, and finally splatters silently on the floor. “Bam them, boy.” Mayor war cries the theme of the Bama State University Cougars then chuckles to Jake. “Lookin’ good, son. Ya got that Championship Game wrapped up if’an you bury them Bama U devils like ya did yesterday on them catty Florida Panthers, Jake.”
“Yes, sir.” Jake remarks politely as he nods his skull once like a Southern gentleman of good breeding.
Priscella whines like she stepped her right designer shoe in dog shit, waving horizontally her free hand at Mayor. “Pooh! No talk of football at my engagement party.”
Mayor lectures. “That’s the only true news around the town, young lady. Bama State College Cougars, the number one college football team in the world.”
“This is my…” Priscella empties incompletely then yelps prettily ladylike as she glides swiftly behind Jake from the sniffing predator.
“Jim, get down.” Jake reprimands softly then tenderly pats a hand and scratches the warm skin of his long-time best friend the Blue tick Coonhound which is known passionately to canine fanciers as ‘coon dogs.’
“Ahh-wooo!” Jim howls approvingly at Priscella.
“Thanks, Jim.” Jake rewards pleasantly with more hand strokes onto the glossy coarse black forehead.
The 27 inches tall and 75 pounds of heavy dog appears like a mischievous toddler has splattered streaks of black paint over a white background, giving the illusion of a Navy blue coat on the dog’s fur. The black color predominates on the head and the ears with Tan dots over its eyes, making for one ugly purebred mongrel. Its feet are cat-like shapes with well-arched toenails with their rear legs bent at its hocks for jumping and speed-chasing rabbits, or treeing opossums for fun, and sporting game along the Alabama fertile woodlands.
Coonhounds are gentle with children and loyal loving pets to their masters as they possess highly intelligent brains with an uncanny knack for problem-solving. They’re excellent companions around families being mindful friendly dogs, and greet strangers with a signature howl and a wet sniff until their nose holes are fully satisfied with help or…harm. They drool, occasionally.
Mayor offers educationally. “Coonies are sensitive to smells, young lady.”
“I beg your pardon.” Priscella sneers like a baby grizzle bear as she strikes at empty air with her manicured lady hand at the dog that sniffs at one of the many delicate Violet tulip hand-sewn beaded patches on her princess ball gown.
Jake hands Mayor his used drink then powerfully plows both his hands, tugging forcefully on the dog collar, shuffling the Coon dog from his girlfriend before someone gets hurt. And it ain’t going to be Jimbo.
Jake smirks wickedly and explains calmly. “Your perfume, Jim likes your perfume, Priscella.” One of the waiters offers friendly a couple of hands with Jim, dragging forcefully the dog into kitchen for a doggie treat.
Priscella stands divinely and smoothes gingerly her princess dress with nervous hands as she addresses sharply then eye burns Jake, complaining. “Why’s that thing doing at my…”
Jake asks charmingly then smiles sweetly. “Priscella, could you please ask my Dad to request a slow dance for us…for our engagement party, honey?”
Priscella smiles sweetly then stands swiftly on her tippy toes, pecking tenderly his cheekbone with her Seaside Coral colored painted lips, quoting famously. “Anything for you….sweet cakes.” She twirls gracefully in princess gown as she waddles elegantly toward Mr. and Mrs. Gunter, chatting in far corner.
Mayor smiles wickedly at prancing princess Priscella. “You’re mastered the technique of Southern Belles I see, Jake.”
Jake wipes slowly the bright Coral lipstick from his cheekbone with a cotton handkerchief as he watches carefully Priscella sashay away then he neck snaps his skull to Mayor, smiling wickedly. “Not hard, just frequent.”
Mayor laughs hardy. “How hard to defeat them Bama U devils, my boy?”
“Easy, just once.” Jake quotes logically then smiles deceptively.
The waiter moseys slowly to Jake, offering more champagne as Mayor holds upright his empty glass then the waiter replenishes the drink and Jake places quietly his half full beverage of champagne onto the tray.
Mr. Gunter joins the huddle with Jake and Mayor as Mayor greets friendly. “Harold, nice party. Thanks for the invite. What’da ya think about your boy?”
“Glad to hear you’re enjoying yourself, Mayor. I don’t want to brag but Jake’s getting the Heisman and going to be one of the top five draft picks next year as…quarterback. I’m hoping for….” Harold exclaims proudly like a proud football Daddy.
“Dad.” Jake sings in bass tube.
Harold holds upright his free hand, commenting wittingly. “I know beat Bama U, first then we’re crowned the National Champs as Jake’s future explodes towards the NFL.”
Mayor explains. “Tough break for them Bama U devils, losing their long field kicker. Great advantage for us! You didn’t have anything to do with that bizarre accident, did ya, Harold?” He raises his eyebrow, right and chuckles then drinks the champagne.
Harold holds his free hand into the air, tattling. “I confess. I did it. I was really targeting the quarterback. I should’ve paid those dirty assailants more money.” He leans heavily into Mayor’s face and whispers softly.
“Dad, please don’t start rumors.” Jake reprimands, screwing his eyebrows, ugly.
Mayor painfully slaps at Jake’s bicep, remarking as an American. “Freedom of speech, my boy. You can say anything you like as long as you’re innocent.” He laughs as Jake smiles politely and Mayor comments, chuckling. “I’m surprised Jake got off for the night, Harold. Doesn’t Coach lock them players in their dorms during the season…away from the vamping females?”
“Quiet correct, Mayor. I got Jake a special accommodation for the weekend, after that spectacular win…yesterday. The superstar needs rest before the big Game on Saturday. He returns later in the week for the final practice.” Harold informs then slaps hardy on Jake’s right bicep.
Priscella bursts forcefully between Harold and Jake, tugging painfully on Jake’s jacket, ordering. “Time for our dance, sweet cakes.” She smiles at Mayor then pirouettes gracefully towards the dance floor, dragging Jake by his hand.
“She’s a spitfire, Harold.” Mayor chuckles, watching the young couple slo mo dance on the floor.
Harold watches studiously the young couple dancing then nosily sips his champagne, complimenting. “We love Priscella, greatly. She’s pretty and will be a strong supportive NFL wife during Jake’s career as quarterback.”
“Who’s going to run your company, then?” Mayor inquires.
Harold explains. “I’m boss for another five years then I’ll hand the reins over to him since Jake’s first love is football.”
“He’s a lucky kid.” Mayor voices then, nosily sips the new glass of champagne.
“Jake’s a talented kid. He’ll prove it next week against them Bama U devils and single-handed win the National Championship…again.” Harold exclaims and chuckles.
Dance floor. Jake stands soldierly in front of her, holding her left finger pads intertwined inside his right finger pads with their elbows pointing at the floor as his left hand encircles her waist for a smooth flowing waltz then sings in baritone music. “Priscella?”
“Hold me closer, Jake or does my breathe stink.” Priscella proclaims sharply as she scoots closer to his heated body, smirking wickedly.
Jake shifts both his hands around her waist as she places both her finger pads tickling the rear of his neck tenderly while he leads them around the floor in a series of short tight circles to the slow classical music, starting. “I want to ask…”
“Ask what?” Priscella questions curtly, smiling sweetly.
“I’m graduating in May with my degree, finishing five years of college. I think.” He pauses dramatically then begins. “I thought…maybe we could settle down in Birmingham and…”
“I’m not.” Priscella words.
Jake screws his eyebrows, ugly then inquires. “You don’t want to settle down in Birmingham, Priscella?”
“I’m not graduating in May.” Priscella tattles.
“Yeah!” He nods his skull once for the acknowledgement then frowns with his twisted lips, funny. “We both will graduate in May with our degrees finishing Bama State.”
“O!” She hesitates purposefully. “I guess….I forgot to mention that I haven’t quite finished all my courses in my fashion design major.”
Jake screws his eyebrows, ugly then inquires boldly. “What do you mean by that, not finished? We’ve been in school for five…”
Priscella pouts her Coral lips, cute-like and confesses. “Jake, school’s hard for me. I’m not a brain, like you or make good grades…like you.”
“I still don’t understand, Priscella.” Jake wrinkles his forehead, ugly with the news flash.
“I can’t finish all my classes by May. So, while you’re standing on the stage platform getting your college diploma, I’ll be waiting and clapping, not…graduating.” Priscella concludes then smiles sweetly.
“You can wrap up your missing courses here in Birmingham then graduate with your college degree.” Jake proposes.
Priscella shakes her blonde skull sideways, predicting. “We’ll be married. You’ll be training as quarterback in some other city in the US.”
“Okay. I agree that’s the plan. But, I wanted to…talk to you about football.” Jake subject changes.
Priscella smiles and bounces on her sandaled feet like a Hop Scotch game, announcing wildly. “I’m so excited. You…being a famous quarterback for the NFL and me….being your famous wife. We’ll have so much fun. I’ll be on TV all the time, waving at ya, Jake. I’m so excited, sweet cakes.”
Jake nosily clears his tight throat at the future dictated by his Daddy, releasing his own news flash. “Priscella, I might not want to play pro ball after college.”
Priscella lists without listening. “Why, not? That’s your dream, your goal, your purpose in life.”
“Uh...huh! I might be a wanting to do something…different.” Jake confesses with his heart to his girl.
Priscella questions, while wrinkling her pale forehead, ugly. “Like what? What else can you do, Jake?”
“I can work for Dad at his company as administrator and learn about the Pharmaceutical industry from the bottom up before I become president…” Jake reminds.
Priscella suddenly stops dancing and immediately bursts into wet glittering tears, rolling down her Coral thick powdered cheekbones, whispering. “Why, Jake? Why are spoiling my life? We…both have dreamed about your being a famous quarterback and me, your famous wife of a famous quarterback by your famous side through your famous career…”
Jake sighs then breathes deeply, adjusting quickly. “Priscella, it’s….just thoughts…wild crazy thoughts.”
Priscella wipes some of the tears from her cheekbones and still reprimands Jake’s evil act and evil intentions. “At our engagement party, you think of these silly things like this…now. In front of our friends and relatives….”
Jake words flatly. “I’m sorry. You’re right! I’m wrong. This is our engagement party.” He hugs tightly her skull to his face with both his hands as the wet tears smash his cheekbones, whispering. “Please forgive me!”
“You’re forgiven, sweet cakes.” Priscella recovers smoothly then grins wickedly as she kisses passionately his lips while Jakes moans helplessly.
Monday. Football grass field, Birmingham, Alabama, sunny partly cloudy, 71ºF, 2:02 pm. The football players jog slowly around the manicured grassy fields while footballs are passed swiftly back and forth in the air and loud obnoxious voices shout at each other.
“Shave it off…Sly.” Coach rudely finger points at the brown goatee that covers half the football player’s face.
“Part of my ‘sly like a fox’ personality, Coach.” The football player named Sylvester informs then smiles in a silly pose.
“He needs it to mop his drool, Coach.” Football #2 exclaims, punching the right bicep of his buddy Sylvester.
“Shave it off, Sly.” Coach orders with fists parked on his waist.
“Yes, sir, Coach.” Sly nods his skull once, obeying the order as the football players slap each other biceps silly.
Tilly wears a black T-shirt, black shorts, and black sneakers with her long curly hair in a loose ponytail as she strolls calmly onto the grass with both her hands behind her back and she stops. She stands patiently next to one of many coaches who hollers at moving football players as she announces in her flute soprano first octave ‘a’ for immediate attention. “I’m a kicker.”
Coach suddenly stops yelling then neck snaps his skull up towards the tall female as the female smiles brightly.
Tilly talls at six feet and three inches, average tallness for Death-angels since Deathers require great height and mighty strength to carry the “Soul” ascending into Heaven. She possesses slender limbs of neck, arms, legs, elegant fingers, and toe bones while her complexion is a golden tan, complimenting her silver sparkling hair and matching silver eyes without the swirling effect, compliments of her Daddy.
Death-angels aren’t those scary stereotypes depicted by silly Earth historians in art. They aren’t a group of multi-colored ragged haggards with their wide brim hats, carrying one dull knife, or clothed in bloody dark garments with a single sharp scythe since they don’t ride on buffalos, or horses, whipping around their loose cords of ropes, or tug along the death wagons on creaking axles.
A Death-angel uses the newest electronic devise called ‘cell’ with the Human names highlighted in “red” for “dead,” instead of carrying all those heavy stone tablets used by her Daddy in past centuries on Planet Earth before the Human invention of the mobile telephone which are very much appreciated…everywhere as Tilly sniggers like a sly weasel.
The single Soul starkingly weighs 21 grams in their slinky electric blue colored-form without the Human long limbs, pretty eyeballs, wet blood, soft flesh, and hard bones which fit nicely inside the soft black briefcase used by a Death-angel for depositing the Souls into the “Sanitation” stations located inside the Pearly Gates which actually near the waterfall.
A Death-angel also possesses the ability to transform the slinky blue blob into a Human shape, escorting the upright blue “Soul” into Heaven however this is the more dangerously option, not particularly used unless accompanied by many, many Death-Angels providing blocking and attacking protection.
A Death-angel does not have any difficulty toting the small amount of weight inside their briefcase instead their strength and abilities are utilized to defend against their natural foes since the Death-angel are highly dependable to sue in battle against the pesky but successful “Crimson Tails.”
A Crimson Tail is created when a failed and defeated Heavenly Angel forfeits their Heavenly newborn Soul to one of Satan’s Demons. When a Guardian-angel fails, the bottom of their white tail feathers drink the blood of the lost Life-angel as it disintegrates into nothingness giving the illusion of a Blood-red crimson color that clashes beautifully against their once pure white feathers of a “defeated” Angel.
So, the lean strong biceps, and muscular tall legs gives a Death-angel total advantage in any sword duel over the Crimson Tail during flight, or fight.
Coach self-consciously scratches his skull under the football cap then questions as he twists his lips, ugly while eye burning the young female. “Kicker…as in football?”
“Yes, sir! I heard ya’ll need a long field kicker for Saturday’s game. I can kick, sir.” Tilly rocks back and forth on her tippy toes, exhibiting the stimulated nervous energy like a young college girl which she isn’t and explains lousy with her newly politely manners of a Southern Belle living in the Southern corner of USA inside the great State of Alabama.
Football player #2 talks. “She’s a girl.”
Coach #1 surveys. “She’s tall with good muscle.”
Sylvester informs, chuckling. “O! That what’s you call them two soft fleshy things, muscle.” 
Death-angels aren’t ugly, stupid, or lean as their muscles bulge lovely on their arms, legs, and chest with ample breasts on females and ripped biceps on male Death-angels.
Coach neck spins his skull to Coach #2, inquiring. “Are there regulations against females playing Division I football?”
“No, sir.” Coach #2 shakes his cap sideways, answering and staring at the female.
Football player #2 sums. “Let me guess, soccer queen on a competitive club team then disaster happens…broken ankle…and ya never plays soccer, again.”
“Complete tear of right quadriceps muscle.” Tilly lies honestly as she has read that perfect excuse by using the Earth plane Internet, researching football body injuries, and other datum while attempting to become new kicker for the Bama University Steel Bolt.
Football player #1 rudely direct points towards the grand bleachers, announcing. “Cheerleaders, that way!”
A group of football players suddenly stop their activities then strut manly towards Coach, gossiping about the new female as they crowd and form a loose half-moon shape around the female and Coaches.
“What’da ya know about football, kiddo?” Coach inquires to Tilly.
Sylvester remarks. “She’s pretty like one of them band majorettes. Can she twirl a baton? She can be in the band. I like the majorettes. They’re pretty and friendly.”
Tilly nods her skull, once then rudely finger points at the field grass, lecturing educationally. “The distance of field is 100 yards long with 10 yards for each end zones. That’s a total of 120 yards, or 360 feet wide and 160 feet, or 53.3 yards across. The goal posts at the back of each end zone measures 18 feet high and 6 inches wide with 6 feet line borders marking the back of end zone. The field numbers on the grass are 6 inches high and 4 inches wide. College Restraining Line is 6 feet from the sidelines. The team benches are placed along the College Restraining Line between 30 yard markers. Dimensions of football are short circumference of 20 and ¾ inches by 21 and ¼ inches with the long circumference of 27 and ¾ inches by 28 and ½ inches and weights 15 ounces.”
“She’s smart.” Football player #2 comments.
“But…can she kick?” Sylvester slurs.
Coach #2 questions to Sylvester. “Can you quote those stats, player?”
“Uh…,” Sylvester stutters without the answer.
Coach #2 suggests. “Give the kid a chance, Coach.”
Coach sighs then breathes, deeply as he eye burns Tilly while she exhibits her best poker face for the Kicker tryouts then Coach orders. “Center, down.” The football players move from the huddle lining like a row of baby ducklings for their Mama.
Center folds at his waist over the football, facing away from Tilly much like on the TV set then Coach rudely jabs his index finger on the ground, ordering. “Okay, kiddo, stand here.” Tilly shifts her body seven yards behind the Center as the Quarterback kneels onto the grass then Coach explains. “The holder’s going to crouch here…behind the Center. Center hikes the ball from the line of scrimmage then you plow your pretty foot into that football…then we watch it sail into the Heavens.”

Tilly corrects properly as she smiles confidently. “No, it sails between the 18 feet high yellow goal posts.” She finger points at the twin posts down the field for…1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds.
Tilly roller balls her eyes to the Heavens, detailing seriously. “A joke, coach? I like to make jokes for amusement.”
“Kick the ball, kiddo.” Coach finger points at the football without laughing.
“Sure thing.” Tilly comments, while nodding her skull at Quarterback, waiting for his signal. 
“Hike.” Quarterback calls, catches the toss from the Center, holding upright securely the football with his index finger onto grass for her foot sweep.
Tilly lines up behind the ball then two steps sideways for more distance as she slumps forward like she had witnessed on the TV then she takes three paces and taps forcefully the football with her big and little toes. Bam! The football sails beautifully in the air like a soaring American eagle then dumps prettily through the middle of the yellow posts as the football players clap and cheer for her awesome performance.
Coach #2 shouts. “Holy smokes.”
Coach pitches a second ball to Center, instructing. “NFL kickers use the professional field goal limit from the 35-yard line. So, let’s try further.” Coach paces out the step to the 45 yard line, ordering to Tilly. “Give it another shot, kiddo.” He finger points at the empty spot on the ground where the football will fall.
Tilly, Center, and Quarterback re-position for the NFL new distance as Coach #2 whines. “Too far, Coach.”
“Hike.” Quarterback yells then places swiftly the ball firmly onto the grass.
Tilly repeats successfully her second field goal performance, being an undercover Angel-on-assignment, using part of her secret limited Angel Survival Pack as she giggles in piccolo with amusement.
“50-yarder.” Coach #2 yells. “Kiddo’s good.”
Coach offers, handing off the football to Coach #2, ordering. “Kiddo’s great, get her a uniform and helmet. What’s your name, kiddo?”
“Tilly.” She smiles toothy.
Four days later. Friday. Dorm Tower. Bama State University, 340 Cougar Lane, Oppton, Alabama, football players, Gizmo and Cecil, 50ºF, first quarter moon, cloudy, 1:02 am. The used beer cans fly swiftly towards the trash can while his folded fists silently hits nothing in the air and voices mumble softly.
“Female kicker never heard of female…fee…fee…female goal kicker.” Baritone tuba timbre of Cecil sputters then drools ugly from the heavy intake of beer as he tosses unsuccessfully the half full beer cans at one of the three trash cans on the west side of his dorm room. The yellow beer decorates nicely the southwestern wall. He gurgles heavily then breathes deeply and laughs at him self being named by his Mama as Cecil Milhorn. He talls at six feet and seven inches, 376 pounds of weigh and superstar Offensive End for the Bama State University Cougars, and one of the tallest players to protect the Quarterback’s blind side on the football field.
“Girls kick balls all the time in soccer. That’s her background, soccer queen. Didn’t ya hear the news cast, Cecil.” A tenor saxophone of Rashab Sims talls at six feet and one inch and 202 pounds of weight and is the wide receiver that is tall, smart, fast, and sure-handed to catch footballs, and jumps towards the clouds with his super-human height.
Rashab slowly cleans the missed beer cans so the dorm’s cleaning crew doesn’t complain to Coach about Cecil’s apartment room. Last year, Cecil got temporary suspended for being slob, totally. They’re friends, first coming from the same High School in the same rural country of Alabama as reminded by Rashab’s Mama, yesterday.
“Cremed…crème soup. Bama babe, secret weapon, fourth quarter. Un-be…live…me…Bama babe kicks…kicks…our…” Baritone trombone tone of Gizmo charges wildly then horizontally jabs his index finger at Cecil. Gizmo is known as “Gizmo” because he doesn’t like folks to speak his Christian name and at six feet and eight inches, 389 pounds of Center for the Bama State University Cougars and the biggest, tallest, strongest, and baddest of the Offensive Core they don’t.
Gizmo can be called “anything” he desires then he dumps the backwards flying beer missing the trash can, hitting the wall while burping nosily in rows of various disgustingly sounds as Cecil finger points then laughs at Gizmo’s funny amusingly performance as Rashab sighs then breathes, deeply. 
“Crème soup, yum….hungry, man…hungry man…hungry man.” Cecil chants musically as he slowly stands then stumbles swiftly to his kneecaps upon the floor while still chanting, silly. “…hungry man…”
Rashab finishes cleaning up the messy beer cans as he swiftly pivots and eye burns the drunken football team players then he cuts his eyeballs to alarm clock, reading the red bright digits 2:02 am. He decides its time to sleep before he’s required to attend the Coach’s meeting this morning if he wants to play in the Championship Game on Saturday.
He struts slowly over the dirty items on Cecil’s floor then swiftly pivots to the guys while holding the door knob, yelling. “Hey, guys! Hey!” Rashab yells then stares at the pitifully elementary idiots. “I’m going to my room.” Cecil laughs as Gizmo gulps another new beer then burps like he’s playing the flute as Rashab whispers like butterfly’s wings. “Fine.” He salutes vertically his two fingers at the drunken fools then slaps door shut.
Cecil names. “Rashab…O! Rashab….O!”
“He left, Cecil.” Gizmo states, tossing unsuccessfully the empty beer can into the trash.
“You stink at basketball…boy.” Cecil insults nasty.
“Football be…me game.” Gizmo finger points at his T-shirt with the words: Bama State University Football.
“Football, football. Number 1, number 1.” Cecil chants silly.
“Number 1.” Gizmo repeats loud.
“Number 1.” Cecil repeats louder.
“Cecil.” Gizmo names loud.
“Cecil.” Cecil repeats louder.
“No win.” Gizmo words loud.
“No win.” Cecil repeats louder.
“Yeah, Cecil.” Gizmo confirms.
“Why ya say that, Gizmo?” Cecil asks.
“That Bama Babe, she can kick.” Gizmo notes her skill.
“Naw, Gizmo, that babe is goody…goody…gooody.” Cecil goofs around.
“She needs to go…go, go!” Cecil cheers loud.
“Go! Go! Go!” Gizmo repeats louder.
“Go, babe, get out of here.” Cecil proclaims then nods his skull, once and stuffs food into his hunger mouth watching the rest of the Hollywood DVD file in silence for…1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds. 
Cecil, I gots a plan.” Gizmo produces.
“Gots a plan?” Cecil repeats then eats the potato chips.
“Cecil, think this. Get babe to go?” Gizmo neck snaps his skull at Cecil, proposing.
“Babe to go…,” Cecil repeats then eats the potato chips.
“We win and be number one.” Gizmo concludes the finale.
“Number one….,” Cecil crams slowly potato chips between the words.
“We scare her, bro…scare her, bad.” Gizmo voices his plan.
“Scare her, bad.” Cecil repeats then, crams the potato chips between his teeth.
“Go to campus.” Gizmo locates.
“Go…campus.” Cecil slo mos the words.
Gizmo presses slowly the buttons on his cell phone, standing and moving to Cecil, informing. “Two hours tops to Bam U. One to Montgomery then one to B’ham...arriving at five. Then…we scare little Bama Babe away from football…drive us back home at seven for breakfast with Jake and attend the eight o’clock Coach’s meeting which we can’t miss or we don’t play in the Game.” He chuckles, whispering into Cecil’s face. “No one knows our mission, right, Cecil?”
Cecil words softly dizzy from the beer. “Bam U! Bam them! Bama State Cougars. Number one.” Gizmo grabs his car keys then plants his wallet in the rear pocket of his jeans as he stirs Cecil from chair, motioning with his hand towards the exit of the archway.
private apartment, living room, Bama U campus, resident, Tilly, first quarter moon, 51ºF, 5:13 am. The black crickets croak softly to each other as the lights burn brightly and big bodies upright swiftly from the car doors.
Tilly out stretches her hair roots and toe bones quietly onto the soft sofa, sleeping soundly and breathing softly through her nostrils, surrounding by school books and foot play manuals as a studious college student and newly christened Kicker for the Bama University Steel Bolt Football Team.
Her new assignment requires Tilly to participate in the Earth plane as a pretend student in a unique request by her Daddy with her Angel-power in Ligo. The Latin term means “to bundle, to tie and to bind” her Angel-magic tightly by a Celestial process which is administrated by a higher Entity than her for a number of reasons, in this case for someone else’s protection.
Normally, Tilly quietly descends to Planet Earth, collecting a Soul then guards her/him carefully while transporting the Soul safely into Heaven as a Death-angel with all her known and unknown Angel powers intact since any Human can accidentally touch a Death-angel and die. Period.
The noise bombs loudly in one eardrum as Tilly drools steady on the sofa pillow in a deep restful sleep since Mom and Daddy’s futile attempts in their verbal instruction of all kinds of assorted Earth school subjects coupled with the physical fighting tips…(compliments of Mom)…against the tough and rough Human football players have left Tilly physically, mentally, and emotionally exhausted.
Daddy worries hopelessly about his relentless decision coupled with his awesome talent that has bundled Tilly’s Angel defensive powers useless against the rough Humans, therefore Daddy left Tilly’s tiny apartment two Earth hours ago.
Rouge hands shake her swiftly as Tilly’s eyelashes open slowly then she eyeballs the bright flashlight but her Angel-vision can see the ugly Human #1 with his right pupil hovering over her skull. Tilly quickly reacts and kicks her right leg at the target and successfully hits the Human as it grunts like a wounded animal, stumbling backwards over the short coffee table which is positioned two feet from the pink sofa.
Tilly purposefully twirls off the sofa for a defense move upon her face as she punches and scrapes the sharp edge of the thick World History textbook, bruising her left cheekbone. Since part of her bundled Angel-powers greatly diminishes her natural Angel protection down into a standard female Human composed of soft flesh, hard bone, and wet blood, causing Tilly to bleed swiftly if cut with any and all sharp man-made objects on her delicate skin.
Her Angel senses ping swiftly as part of her Angel Survival Pack at the Human’s foot that plunges downward towards her exposed back muscles as she purposefully flies by non-Angel-hopping out of the Human’s footprint then plops painfully onto her breasts as Tilly moans like she stepped in Demon guts.
Big hands quickly jerk Tilly upright from the thick carpet as she faces her un-used bedroom  suite, pondering her mistake, not sleeping in the big comfortable bed then hiding inside the bigger crowded closet full of Earth clothes that teens requires for an image conscious appearance in Alabama like a scary kitten. Then, she could’ve called Daddy on the teen cell phone for help.
Tilly involuntary whips her body around to face second ugly Human #2 with a buzz cut trimmed in honey brown, clean shaven, and beer bad breath as the Human #1 wraps his arms around her body like a Christmas bow, squeezing her sore rib cage while elevating her entire body four inches from floor with his Human brute strength. Tilly guesses that they are some drunk and tough smart-hole Frat Human little boys out for a spin on the town, landing in her living room, mysteriously.
Mystery or not, Tilly prepares a little quick sliver of her Angel Reserve to kick their bee_hinds out the door and dump their unconscious bodies inside the garbage stinky receptacles on the edge of the road. Tilly drops her lips to holler when a dirty stinky hand clamps tightly on her mouth silencing her Rebel yell.
“Boo.” Human #1 whispers softly like butterfly’s wings then smiles stupidly in Tilly’s face.
“Shut up, Cecil.” Human #2 talks clearly.
Cecil neck snaps his skull then eye burns Gizmo, reprimanding. “Don’t shout my name, Gizmo.”
Gizmo eye burns Cecil, talking stupidly. “Dude...she…knows…me…and you.” Tilly violently struggles against the two pairs of hands, wrapping around her upper body as she batters rapidly her bare feet at two Human tree trunks.
Cecil remarks. “What we do, Gizmo?”
Gizmo swiftly clonks his flashlight against Tilly’s skull as she falls forward into Cecil’s arms unconscious then Gizmo grins stupidly in the darkness. “Take her with us…and hide her.”
Football Dorm Tower. Bama State University, private suite, Jake Gunter, sunny, 60ºF, 8:08 am. The door nosily slams shut while the sunlight brightly shines and voices chat with humor.
“Jake, ya back from your home visit?” Rashab announces, lifting the items, covering the drawer chest, and examining the new DVD’s, CD’s, and video games that Jake has brought back from his house in Birmingham.
“Hey, Jake! Get up! Let’s get food, then weight train…before the Coach’s meeting and our last ball practice.” Arcturus suggests, shaking forcefully with both strong hands at Jake’s sissy King George poster bed like an earthquake.
Jake flips back the bed comforter from his face then he gently slaps his hand on the warm skin of the body on the opposite side of bed offering tenderly warmth and love as he strokes the coarse skin.
“Ahhh-wooo!” Jim bays loudly.
Jake rumbles in his deep baritone trombone. “Good boy, Jim.”
Jake shifts his body sideways and plants his feet on the soft carpet, stretching his back muscles vertically as he eye burns the sunlight then he blinks rapidly his eyelids shut then open. He stands slowly and shuffles more slowly to the top drawer of the vertical four-drawer chest looking for clothes.
He dresses in the Bama State U T-shirt and slides into his dirty jeans from the floor then twists sideways bare feet as Jake examines his face with dusted black whiskers in the mirror, contemplating a clean shave before breakfast. He rubs the solid sleepy crumbs from his eyeballs then whips the cowlick down on his skull with one hand in place on the left as he scratches his buttocks with the other.
“Did I hear food?” Jake mumbles sleepy then yawns nosily, poking a bare feet around the floor for the shoe.
“How’s the dance, Jake?” Arcturus inquires, leaning against the sissy King George’s wooden bed posts, folding his biceps over his Burn U T-shirt.
“Not dance Jake’s fancy engagement party.” Rashab adjusts, staring studiously at the new Country music CD that he desires to hear during breakfast.
Arcturus smiles, while teasing. “Ya really getting married, Jake?”
“He’s really engaged with that fancy wedding after gradation in May.” Rashab corrects, eye burning the new violent military CG game that he desires to play after breakfast instead of weight training with Cecil.
“What about NFL?” Arcturus debates heavily.
“Priscella’s going to be the future NFL wife.” Rashab answers, eye burns the new horror DVD he desires to watch at lunchtime instead of more weight training with Cecil.
“Ya should go stag, Jake at least for a couple of years, get your fill of single beautiful babes, then get married, have babies and grow old.” Arcturus advices wisely since he doesn’t like Priscella anyways.
“You didn’t include Priscella in that list.” Rashab notices, eye burning the ringing cell phone beside the new Rock and Roll CD which isn’t his telephone but Jake’s.
“Didn’t I, Jimbo?” Arcturus asks surly then laughs.
“Ahhh-woo.” Jim howls.
“Not you, Jim. This Jimbo!” Arcturus jumps quickly at Rashab then applies swiftly his death choke gripe to his best pal, making Rashab drop the collected items in his hands that Jake has brought back from his home in Birmingham. Rashab punches forcefully with both fists at Arcturus’ rib cage as they chuckle like true rednecks.
Tilly swiftly opens her eyelashes, viewing the dark fabric, and feeling the soft cover over her body as she forcefully jerks the fabric from her face then quickly uprights her torso as volumes of her long silver curly hair invades her facial features. She eye burns betweens the curls an unfamiliar room with a strange bed covering, bed frame, and bed mates.
Rashab remarks observantly through the peek holes of Arcturus’ biceps. “Ya got another dawg, Jake.” Arcturus releases Rashab’s skull, twisting curiously towards the silly King George bed frame.
“Jim gots a girlfriend.” Arcturus smiles wickedly then intros properly, rudely jabbing an index finger at the dog. “She’s pretty, Jimbo. You got lucky, Coonie.”
Rashab inquires. “That a poodle girl dawg with silver fur, right, Jake?”
Tilly quickly brushes the waves of curls from her face with wiggling hands and finger pads for the full view, shockingly. She eye burns two tall and ripped muscular males displaying Bama State University T-shirts, standing near the door beside the low chest of drawers as they eye burn her back with wide eye sockets then she rotates her neck muscles to the right, spotting the Bama State University quarterback Jake Gunter.
Jake neck spins his skull at the bed mattress, dropping his jaw swiftly, whispering. “Ah, shit!”
“Jake.” Priscella bellows loudly in her alto oboe and appears swiftly inside the open archway with the cell nesting into her blonde hair as she has tried to call Jake three times announcing her great entrance. Then, she eye burns the girl sitting atop of the King George bed mattress.
Normally, the college dorm room regulations don’t allow visitors wandering up and down hallways, purposefully. This particular apartment structure is owned by Jake’s Daddy specifically to quarter the entire Bama State University Football Team members and is located strategically slightly off the boundaries of the legal College campus. So, the boys can party down, up, over, and under the specific College rules, avoiding any monetary penalties and/or temporally jail time.
Priscella has been invited as a guest to Jake’s apartment suite which is housed at end of long un-guarded maroon and white color coded corridor since the first hour of college, five years ago.
Jake neck spins his skull at the archway framed by Priscella, whispering. “Ah, double shit.”
Priscella rudely finger points at Tilly and calls in opera-like piccolo soprano at him. “JAKE….what’s that ugly thing doing…in your bed?”
“Ugh….my head.” Cecil swiftly pops up like burnt toast…on queue…his upper torso, peek-a-booing over the King George low bed frame, and holding both his hands to his skull as his lower body lies comfortably on top of Jake’s warm carpet. He rotates side to side his neck muscles, evaluating his dizziness, his aches, and his pains from the heavy beer consumption, last night as he spots then grins silly at Jimbo.
Jim sniffs nosily the stinky beer odor and concludes Cecil is cool then greets with a morning howl at Cecil’s cheery intro as Cecil chuckles. “Ahhh-woo!”
“Cecil.” Rashab yells, stumbling slowly over parked Cecil and then slaps his hand at Gizmo’s sleeping face, updating. “Gizmo’s over here, too. Get up, man!” Rashab pulls manly on the big gigantic bicep of Gizmo as Gizmo stirs grumpy, opening his eyelids very slowly.
Arcturus twists sideways his body, pacing swiftly to Cecil while Rashab assists Gizmo to chair, ordering into his right eardrum. “Cecil, wake up, dude!”
Sharonette and Tabitha gently shove standing Priscella into the big room as Tabitha shares. “We’re here for breakfast.” Then, she exclaims excitedly. “Move inside, Priscella! I want to show Cecil’s my new outfit. He’s not in room. I know he’s here with Jake talking football.” Priscella shoulders her body to the left as Sharonette and Tabitha invade the extremely occupied suite.
Jake’s room is called a “luxury suite” with a single Bedroom compartment accessible by the front door on north wall. The east wall holds a set of sunlight windows while the west wall shows the patio garden and a private swimming pool below the undivided window of glass. The south wall covers with a series of book cases of shiny and tall trophies with a single door that leads to a private Living Room for his private moments with Priscella.
There is a separate designed Bathroom with a sissy walk-in closet and two other rooms with Jake’s electronic toys and fun equipment.
Jake’s Bedroom compartment holds a king-sized bed with matching bedroom furniture of three tall and short chest of drawers, two night stands, two sofas, four chairs, and a single 60-inched plasma TV. There is a second 60-inched plasma TV lounging in the Living Room for the nasty CG gaming competitions with the guys.
Rashab spreads Gizmo’s big bones into the oversized padded chair while Arcturus quickly checks the breathing status of Cecil as Priscella, Sharonette, and Tabitha stand and observe quietly at the closed door while Jake leans his back muscles into the tall chest.
They all eye burn Tilly.
Tilly eye burns them.
Jim sniffs at Tilly’s forearm then gently licks a drooling big thick tongue on her soft skin and finally howls approvingly. “Ahhh-woo!”
Tilly rapidly blinks her eyelashes, clearing the new sight of new site then tenderly pats Jim’s coarse skull as she whispers to the dog. “You like me.”
Jim howls, again. “Ahh-wooo!”
“Shut that mongrel up.” Priscella stomps her three-inched sandaled high heels to the bed post then rudely finger points at Tilly, yelling at Jake. “What’s this Ugly Thing, Jake…in your bed?”
Gizmo blinks his eyelids once, twice, and thrice as his eyeballs focus and his dizzy brain cells kick in then rudely finger points at Tilly and sings in alto music. “You!”
Tilly recalls the ugly Human face and returns politely with a soft flute soprano in third octave c-sharp. “I remember you as well, sir.”
“Gizmo, you know her?” Rashab inquires curtly, patting on Gizmo’s collar bone.
“What’s going on here Gizmo?” Jake asks sharply, eye burning between Gizmo and the strange female inside his bed.
Gizmo blinks his eyelids once, twice, and thrice then neck snaps his dizzy skull at Cecil as he opens his mouth then shuts it and then studies Cecil goofy smile from the affects of…way too much beer as Gizmo details scary the mental though. “I…we...”
Jake princely demands, while tinkling with a cup of hot emotional angry. “Spit it, Gizmo.” He finger points at the female. “Who’s she? Why’s she here? Why ya’ll both…you and Cecil in my room...here…as well?”
“I know you.” Arcturus finger points at Tilly, updating.
“I’m sorry. You do not, sir.” Tilly returns calmly as she observes all the silly Earth teens.
Arcturus jabs his index finger at Tilly, announcing wildly. “I know her. We know her, Jake. She is…this ain’t good, Jake.” He shakes his bald head side to side, slowly then spits, coolly. “She’s Bama’s kicker.” Jake neck spins his skull at Tilly, staring studiously at her face.
“Bam kicker, what’s that?” Sharonette inquires then eye burns Tabitha. Tabitha shrugs her bare shoulders once, clueless to the question.
“Shut up, Sharonette.” Priscella demands, folding her bare arms over the blouse as Sharonette roller ball her eyeballs to the Heavens then moves closer to Tabitha.
Gizmo eye burns Tilly then returns his eyeballs to his dirty hands then returns his eyeballs back to Jake as he confesses. “Geez! Man o’ man! We….Jake...we...”
“....took her.” Cecil fills, scratching his open shirt, and exposing his chest with his dirty finger nails then yawns loudly.
Rashab para-phrases correctly, eye burning Tilly. “As in...took her...without her permission.”
“Ya kidnapped Bama University’s new kicker for the Steel Bolt. Ya got freaking guts, Gizmo.” Arcturus snorts like a wild boar then compliments victoriously as he slaps hardy on Gizmo’s shoulder while Gizmo screws his eyebrows, ugly then places his skull into his hands with defined trouble.
Tilly swiftly pulls the itchy wild curls from her aching cheekbone, exposing awkwardly the single bruise on her face as Tabitha gracefully gallops in three inches of heels towards Cecil then Tabitha slaps with a loud pop her hand onto his bicep without harming the 384 linebacker as Tabitha yells excitedly. “Ya hit her, too, Cecil?”
Tilly swiftly retorts in piccolo soprano fourth octave e-flat. “He did not. I fall onto the floor, bruising my face. That’s all.”
Jake examines closer the exotic beautiful girl, sitting upright like a princess inside his King George bed since she talls with lean muscle on her exposed arms and maybe weighs 125 pounds at most as he slices his eyeballs back to Gizmo who stands 6 feet, 8 inches and weighs almost 400 pounds of fat and muscle as the sweet musical Bama Babe voice insists that she has fallen off the sofa by herself.
Jake shakes his skull side to side slowly, whispering. “Ah, triple shit.”
“Cecil didn’t hit her. Did you do it, Gizmo? Clearly, she has bruises on her face unless she kicked herself with the football.” Rashab finger points at Tilly, interrogating sternly Gizmo.
Cecil chuckles. “That’s funny Rashab.”
“Shut up, Cecil.” Tabitha slaps his bicep, again as she sighs and breathes with worry about her boyfriend since she’s really loves him as they chat about marriage after the big Game on Saturday, once football season is finished. Since, Cecil is expected to be offered a position in the NFL like Jake as Cecil plans to take it along with his future wife Tabitha when she and Priscella giggle about becoming future famous NFL wives.
Gizmo shakes his skull and hands side to side, while moaning under his breathe. “I...I can’t remember.” He recalls within the clear part of brain cells, driving his truck on I-65 to Birmingham then parks on the Bama U campus and after that...the final activity becomes really fuzzy from beer.
“Can’t remember, this ain’t great, Gizmo?” Arcturus enforces with a nasty baritone tuba, shaking his bald head since he’s one of Bama State University’s tackles for the Defensive linemen of six feet and six feet and 357 pounds who rooms with his best buddy, Rashab.
“This is called kidnapping, ya’ll.” Rashab warns seriously then eye burns smart Jake as Jake purses his lips, tightly while eye burning the girl inside his King George bed.
Tilly nosily clears her throat as their eye balls tilt in her direction, proposing logically. “Gentlemen and ladies, I can solve this problem, quickly. Just let me go, home. You can drop me at nearest gas station then I can call someone for help.”
“She’s going to call the cops.” Priscella retorts nasty.
“Naw. FBI has jurisdiction in kidnapping cases.” Rashab adjusts brilliantly.
Arcturus details, sneering like a Grizzle bear. “She’ll call the FBI, get Cecil and Gizmo arrested for kidnapping.”
“How many years for kidnapping, Rashab?” Tabitha asks worriedly.
Tilly quotes legally. “Law page. 103-322 paragraph 60003(a)(6) effective September 13, 1994 of NRS: Crimes Against the Person for kidnapping in first degree is...50 years.”
“50 years, that’s a long time.” Gizmo comments flatly.
“How’da’ya know that, girl?” Rashab inquires curtly.
“Pre-law.” Tilly wisecracks for the silly teen Humans, grinning toothy. 
“Your Daddy a lawyer, too.”  Arcturus adds purposefully.
“No.” Tilly words, while pondering that the silly Human teens are clueless of her Daddy as smirks with a crooked set of pink lips, right.
“I’m 22. I’m young. I’ll be 52 before I leave prison...an old man, my youth gone. My life gone.” Gizmo mumbles incoherently at the illegal mental thought.
“Shut up, Gizmo.” Priscella reprimands surly.
Rashab asks worriedly. “Can your Daddy help them, Jake?”
“Your Dad’s a lawyer, right, Jake?” Arcturus sounds seriously.
Jake details. “Naw. But we have lawyers. Good lawyers! Don’t worry Cecil and Gizmo we’ll get you good legal help.”
“Send that Ugly Thing back to her Daddy…now.” Priscella finger points at Tilly, as she stomps closer to the bed mattress, ordering.
Tabitha proclaims. “This is an accident, right, Cecil, sweetheart? We can fix it.” 
Rashab shakes his skull sideways, pondering. “I don’t know, Tabitha.”
“Geez! She’s Bama U trash.” Priscella whips out her cell phone from her purse, instructing. “I’ll...call the police and report her trespassing on our private property. Let’s get her fanny arrested. Problem solved. I’m the one with the brains, here.”
“Priscella, sit down and shut up.” Jake rumbles in deep baritone trombone. “Listen to me, we aren’t covering this...incident...up. Cecil, Gizmo, get cleaned up, we’re going to the campus police. Ya got to talk to police before something terrible is discovered.”
“What about her?” Rashab finger points at Tilly.
Jake eye burns Tilly as he pursues his lips, tightly, deciding. “She comes with us. Are you hurt...miss...?” Jake advances one step towards the bed.
Gizmo appeals with mercy. “Don’t wanna go to jail, Jake. I’ll miss playing in the Game, the Championship Game. This Game is my life.”
Jake shakes his skull sideways, offering consolatory. “I...can’t help that, Gizmo. Is Cecil able to walk, Arcturus?”
“Yeah.” Cecil sings in bass tuba music without standing.
Rashab analyzes. “Jake, uh...I think...we...all will get into trouble.”
Priscilla shakes her skull side to side as she yells and stomps her high heels. “No. We didn’t kidnap the Ugly Thing. Cecil and Gizmo did. They’re the criminals...here. We’re innocent just like babes in the woods.”
Gizmo begs. “Please Jake, I wanna play in the game on Saturday, then...then me...me and Cecil will confess to the kidnapping plot.”
“Gizmo, Jake ain’t a federal judge.” Rashab reminds brilliantly.
Tabitha inquires hopefully. “Do ya know any Federal judges, Jake?”
“No.” Jake words, eye burning Tilly.
“Does your Daddy know any Federal judges, Jake?” Tabitha inquires for a second time.
Jake words softly as he neck snaps his skull to her. “No, I’m sorry Tabitha.”
“Stuff it, Tabitha.” Priscella orders divinely, folding her arms over the blouse as she eye burns Tilly.
“I’m asking for protection of my guy, Priscella.” Tabitha neck snaps her skull to her, detailing purposefully.
Priscella neck spins her skull at Tabitha, biting cruelly. “Your dense minded guy got us in this mess, Tabitha.”
“Good point, Priscella.” Rashab finger points at Tilly, repeating. “US! We are all involved in this...”
Tabitha fills completely, “...accident.”
“This incident of kidnapping.” Rashab substitutes correctly.
“You’re full of hairspray, Rashab. I was asleep in my dorm room when those dumbo idiots grabbed her.” Priscella remarks defensively.
“My point being which I have stated three times already is that we are…all involved. And we…us will be questioned and suspended by the school along with charges from the local, State, and Federal authorities for this kidnapping plot. No school. No graduation. No game. No draft. No NFL.” Rashab lists as they listen to the bad news.
“No, way.” Arcturus tosses.
“Yes, way.” Rashab returns and waits for…1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds.
“Rashab’s right. We all...will get kicked out school and we all...will not play in the Game, tomorrow.” Arcturus confirms brilliantly.
“So, what do we do?” Tabitha inquires innocently.
“We keep her.” Gizmo rules, finger pointing at Tilly.
“No.” Jake vetoes.
“We hide her.” Cecil suggests, finger pointing at Tilly.
“No.” Jake vetoes, twice.
“I’m hearing ya’ll.” Tilly hollers at the silly Human teens, shaking her skull sideways at the amusing scene.
“Shut up, Ugly Thing.” Priscella barks like a Mama dog, stomping her high heels for drama.
“Ahhh-wooo!” Jim protects Tilly as Tilly tenderly pats his coarse skull.
Tilly offers the most logical solution. “I can leave, now. I promise not to tell.” She holds vertically three finger pads in the air like a brave Boy Scout and smiles. “No jail. No problem. No nothing!”
Priscella opens the door then finger points at the empty hallway, ordering and smiling happy with that answer. “Go, Ugly Thing.”
Cecil nosily clears his throat as he slaps his hand against his leg, eye burning Gizmo, detailing. “Ya know. We wanted to scare her, so she didn’t play in Saturday’s game. Without her, we win.” Skulls bob up and down like farm ponies as they listen to Cecil’s banter. “Our teams are evenly matched. One single play will determine the winner. One single…kick between the goals posts.”
Eyeballs stare at Tilly.
“No.” Jake vetoes, thrice, tossing his biceps vertically in air. “This is kidnapping of an innocent person. It’s wrong, not right.”
“It’s right because you’re not involved, Jake.” Gizmo argues legally.
“I told ya, Gizmo. My Dad has awesome lawyers. We’ll get this cleared up...” Jake dumps.
Gizmo fills, “....before the big Game, Jake.”
“Probably not, okay…definitely not. But, isn’t your reputation more important than a game, Gizmo?” Jake asks the right question.
“This is an accident. Cecil’s innocent like me and you, Jake.” Tabitha defends her guy sweetly.
Arcturus details. “Jake, listen to Cecil. He’s right. We’ll lose if she kicks. She kicked the snot of that ball didn’t you see her film during training. Bama U will win with her talents.”
“Thank you.” Tilly talks kindly, smiling brightly.
“Shut up, Ugly Thing.” Priscella orders with a nasty alto.
Arcturus details more. “Jake…Cecil and Gizmo accomplished their task giving us the advantage over Bama U. Them Bama U coaches can’t produce another long range kicker by tomorrow…Saturday. We WIN. We win the entire thing…the Championship. That’s all that matters to everyone in this room….”
“State of Alabama…,” Rashab adds.
“The entire United States of America…,” Arcturus includes.
“The world, Jake! This is our world. Please, pretty please with yellow sprinkles on top.” Cecil ends.
“Jake, we attack the advantage point.” Gizmo debates beautifully.
“Jake, advantage...win?” Rashab offers victoriously.
Priscilla snorts like a wild boar then comments nasty. “Unbelievable. I’m required to solve the puzzle. Bound, tie, and stuff Ugly Thing inside a closet until Sunday. Then, we win the Championship Game. Cecil and Gizmo can confess to the dirty deed. Jake gets drafted into the NFL and happily ever after for us, sweet cakes.” Then, Tabitha bursts into wet tears as Sharonette comforts her.
“Hey, guys?” Yusi greets friendly, walking through the open archway as he stops and rotates slowly his neck muscles around the room then pauses on the new face of the female. “What’s going on here?”
“Yoshit...,” Arcturus insults, pronouncing Yusi’s formal name incorrectly with part meanness and part Southern sound as he commands to the science nerd, finger pointing at the closed door on the opposite of the room. “Take Bama Babe into other the room.” He orders.
“Jake?” Yusi neck spins his skull at him as Jake nods his skull, once in silence at the good suggestion.
Yusi slowly advances towards the bed frame as Tilly shifts her body from sitting to standing, exposing lots of her dark skin in the skimpy exercise outfit that barely covers her ample breasts or her firm fanny as male eye burns invade her body.
“She’s tall.” Yusi stands at his 5 feet, 3 inches compared to her 6 feet, 3 inches, looking up into her smiling face.
“She’s fit.” Arcturus rumbles in deep bass drum.
“Cover, Ugly Thing.” Priscella orders as Jake swiftly strips his T-shirt from his taunt body then tosses accurately at her face as Tilly catches with one hand.
“Thanks, slick.” Tilly nods my skull, once then smiles and gracefully twirls in the opposite direction from Jake, pulling the T-shirt over her exposed body as Jim swiftly lungs off the bed mattress and quickly trails behind Tilly and Yusi.
Living Room. Yusi shifts towards the long sofa while Tilly sits peacefully on other end, asking with kitty-cat curiosity. “May I inquire from you, miss, what exactly is going on inside there?”
“Tilly. Nice to meet you...,” she greets formally as Jim leaps upon the sofa next to her and lays his big skull comfortably inside Tilly’s lap since all animals are sensitive to nice or evil supernatural life forms.
He bows his skull respectfully to her. “I’m Yusi, Tilly. I must say that I’m not used to so many of Jake’s pals occupying his suite.”
Tilly smiles slightly, thinking carefully about the situation. “These are unusual circumstances, Yusi. Why does Arcturus insult your person?”
“I guess the appropriate question. Why do I allow Arcturus to insult my person?” Yusi flips his body to the hidden refrigerator beside the sofa, selecting two bottles of water then tosses one to Tilly as she catches with one hand since her free hand is tenderly patting Jimbo.
“Mental thought has crossed my mind.” Tilly smiles.
“My stars...,” He pauses for drama then removes and cleans his eye glasses, updating.” “You can’t be Tilly, the hot new Bama kicker. Of course, slap me silly. Arcturus referenced you as Bama Babe. Sorry, I’m slow.”
She counters softly. “I’m receiving the distinct impression that you’re swift, Yusi.”
He inquires. “Thank you, Tilly. It’s refreshing conversing with a few civilized life forms from time to time. But, I’m still confused of your presence. However, I adapt at noting any and all physical changes. Did Arcturus harm you with his violent punches?” He drinks the water.
“Cecil.” Tilly sings in flute music.
He warns. “Oh, dear. That boy’s crazy when intoxicated. He was intoxicated, wasn’t it? But, you didn’t go on a date. He’s exclusively belongs to Tabitha. So, my final conclusion, you are here not of your doing.”
“You’re very swift, Yusi.” She smiles, sipping on the open bottle.
“Is Jake involved? I can answer that inquiry myself. No, he’s too smart. So, the obvious answer is Gizmo and Cecil, the duo, not do know unit…(giggles)….Cecil only sits upright shoving food, playing wickedly CG games, or cuddling Tabitha. Gizmo likes to imitate Cecil but I take it as in-breeding fourteen redneck cousin trait.” He pauses for drama, placing his hand to his heart, asking. “Please, don’t mention that to either of those young men.”
She shakes her skull sideways, obeying. “Never. I promise.”
“Poor chaps, Jake’s family has tons of money to help them escape prison. But, are you going to press criminal charges against those fellows?” He asks with kitty-cat curiosity.
“No.” Tilly sings in flute music.
“Then, young miss, why are still here? I simply don’t understand.” He shakes his skull side to side with mystery as he sips on the bottle.
“Judge doesn’t believe me.” She comments squirrely.
He rambles. “I can act on your behalf as lawyer but actually the jury doesn’t acknowledge me, either. I see the quiet reserve of puzzlement. You should not frown, darling. You’ll get these ugly wrinkles on your cute face. I’m friends with Jake, exclusively. I’m his tutor.”
“Tutor?” She sings in piccolo and screws her eyebrows, ugly as she comments. “Jake appears to have a brain.”
“As well as you, Bama Babe along with these great...legs.” He giggles then tattles. “Jake’s IQ is well above average, good in science and math. He thoroughly enjoys investigating Ancient History as well as Geography, not good majors for acquiring jobs in this slo mo economic unrecoverable market. But, you pretty much know as I his Father is very wealthy. Jake has an entire company waiting for him after graduation. I adjust, properly...waiting for him after NFL graduation.”
“NFL.” She questions.
He explains. “Ya know, well….being a female you might not know. NFL is the National Football League that employs young college athletics straight out of college for extra-ordinary football accomplishments. Jake ranks right up there with his exceptional height and throwing arm, very high prospect for the draft. His Father is very proud. But poor Jake ain’t. He doesn’t want to play pro football. He wants to live life. He wants to help others.”
She remarks. “Jake has exhibited those traits during my short tenure here.”
He adds. “Case in point, Priscella…if there’s every a lost cause. That girl found, finds and flaunts it. I do not enjoy her company. Sooo, it works wonderfully that my companionship is limited with Jake. I can see you’re a woman of many thoughts. Yes, I flaunt my talents as well. I’m swift and use it to finance my schooling here at Bama State. Jake, like I mentioned before is smart but not near the genius level. As the top rated quarterback here, he’s required to practice and play...practice and play. I repeated that to be funny.” He pauses for dramas, giggles like a girl as she smiles.
Yusi continues. “Thanks for the vocal compliment. Jake spends his time practicing, training, weight lifting, eating, sleeping, studying…(breathes nosily)….and the rest with Priscella. So, you can conclude, not much time for intense book learning. Therefore, Jake majors in Marketing. Easy, not impressed, me either. So, I come into the luxury pic. I provide that extra education Daddy pays in subjects of Literature, History, Geography, Calculus, Chemistry, Biology and the academic list goes on and on. I’ve been his personal tutor for five years. My services will end in May when Jake graduates and attacks the NFL locker room. Any questions, I’m accepting for the next ten minutes.” He ends and smiles brightly as she giggles in flute music with amusement.
“My question isn’t about Jake…but about you. What’s your major at Bama State U?” She asks.
He smiles brightly and answers proudly. “I’m physics, the natural study of matter and execution of purposeful directed motion through space or time.”
She dumps, “…along with money.”
He purses his lips, tightly then comments. “You’re cruel, baby. I work…I hope to perform these vital services in Medical Physics. Ya know, solid-state physics are the ancient transistors in radios and computer chips in 1980’s. New medical physicists are engineers, applied mathematicians, or computer scientists that invented the X-rays, nuclear magnetic resonance, ultrasound, particle accelerators, and radioisotope tagging.”
“MRI, CT, PET.” Tilly alphabets and smiles then sips her water.
He claps with two hands softly and compliments sweetly. “Very good, love. These medical techo-wonders for imaging any and all human body parts and treating any and all diseases have saved countless life forms from toddlers to teens to…moms by delivering a set of selected beams of energetic electrons attacking and destroying any and all malignant tumors thus stopping the cancer growth inside the brain, head, neck…and other spots.”
“So, you’re a physics gearhead.” She nicknames and smiles while sipping the water.
“I’m going to be Sim Eng…,” He names.
“Simulation engineer.” She expands and smiles.
“Good babe, I’m impressed with ya, Tilly.” He compliments then sips his water as Tilly nods her skull in silence at his acknowledgement then he shares. “I perform all the advanced 3D techno stuff in the new holographic images and pics for a local hospital, working in the medical field with sicker patients….”
“Your Mother died of breast cancer.” She announces wildly.
“How…I…you.” He eye burns the floor the whispers softly. “She died in pain. I miss her and love her so much…”
She compliments the brave and bold Human, compassionately. “You’re very brave, Yusi. I wish you the greatest luck in finding a cure for cancer for all women with breast cancer, especially Moms.”
He eye burns at her and smiles then voices in tenor saxophone. “That’s my mission, baby. Now, let’s talk about your dilemma.”
She nods her skull at his acknowledgement, not worrying about her dilemma with the silly teen Human, inquiring. “Do you graduate with Jake in May?”
He offers and smiles. “Good question countered with a perfect answer. Yes, I’ll finish my doctoral in physics. Good field, lousy jobs. I plan to look and accept anything that wants me like the other 100,000 plus new grads.  And yes, I can see the question in your mind.” She giggles as he talks. “Jake has offered to employ me but the problem’s the company isn’t Jake. It is his Father’s. Once, Jake appeases his Dad will his impressive NFL draft pick, Jake’ll call in his marker, hopefully landing me a working opportunities that pays salary, benefits, and membership to Plato’s Gym.”
She giggles and compliments. “I’m impressed Yusi.”
He plots. “Thank you, enough about me and Jake. So, how are we going to sneak you out of here without the entire Offensive Core yellow flag alert?”
She warns. “I shouldn’t leave just yet. That action might get someone hurt.”
“You fight and kick, too. I’m impressed, baby. You gots a boyfriend. I’m available.” He bats both his black eye lashes, flirtatiously.
She tattles. “You like boys, not girls, Yusi.”
“Bless my soul, you’re the preceptor here. What gave me away? I know. My hairstyle. My sweet personality. No, my word perfect vocabulary. Well, maybe, not. Any life form that can articulate the noun and verb combo with a single creative adjective maybe adding a proper adverb that can impress any backwoods redneck here in Alabama.” She chuckles, grabbing her rib cage tickling her tummy with the funny statement from Yusi as he begs. “Good, I entertain rather than scare ya. Please, please don’t tell Cecil. I’m scared of Cecil.” She shakes sideways her skull with his secret.
He continues. “Good, you’re honest, trust worthy, and beauty. Back to my original question, why can’t you leave? That window is very expensive and opens very easily without the squeaks of the cheap stuff then you descend onto the patio and clearly into the woodlands. You can get lost for days in them coyote-infected-forests. Cecil’s a bit of coward outside the dorm room in the dark but that’s my blackmailing secret.” She giggles as he inquires. “Gotta gun?” She shakes her skull side to side as he reacts. “O! I had a good idea, if ya had one. Let’s see. No gun. No tire iron. No hammer. I know. Let’s use our brains and talk to Jake.”
She giggles and compliments. “I like that plan, Yusi.”
The door swiftly cracks open as Cecil chin whips his face around the wood frame and demands authority. “Yoshit, bring Bama Babe back in here.”
Tilly starts to shift her bare feet into a swift motion then suddenly stops before standing and yanking Cecil’s earlobes off his ugly skull because she tenderly holds Jim inside her warm lap as she gently pats his glossy bluish coarse hair, sharing. “He’s lucky, isn’t he, Jimbo?”
“Ahh-woo!” Jim bays, echoing her same unkind thoughts, mentally.
Tilly, Jim, and Yusi…in that order…slowly enter in a duck line out the Living Room into the bedroom suite as Cecil jokes silly. “Court’s in session.” The furniture have been shifted during Tilly’s absent into two long sofas side by side against the north like a picture frame, sitting prettily left to right: Arcturus, Rashab, Sharonette, Gizmo, Priscella, Jake, Cecil, and Tabitha for the jury as Cecil orders as judge. “Tell her, Jake.”
Jake scratches his skull with a free hand, intro. “Miss...”
Rashab orders nervously. “Get this over with, Jake.”
Jake nosily clears his throat, and intros, twice. “Miss...”
“Tilly.” She sings in flute music and smiles at Jake.
“Ugly Thing.” Priscella substitutes brilliantly and snarls like a junk yard dog.
Jake neck snaps his skull at her, commanding. “Priscella, behave.” Then, he eye burns Tilly and instructs. “Miss Tilly, you’re going to stay…temporally…(finger points at the girls)…with Priscella, Tabitha, and Sharonette in their dorm until we complete...”
Gizmo quickens the acceptance speech. “Jake means in shorter sentences win the National Championship Game without your interfering presence, Bama Babe. You and your foot are too dangerous….”
“I must object. You’re bringing the wrath of ...,” Tilly dumps then pauses with true after-life drama since she knows that her Daddy unhappily watches them from Heaven with the rough treatment of his only precious blood-child since her Angel-powers are bundled for her special Angel-duty on purpose. These silly teen Humans are interfering with her assignment but more importantly if one of these silly teen Humans tries to harm her, Daddy will protect Tilly…foreverly.
Tilly finishes softly, “….justice against all of you. Please re-concern for your own recourse this delicate situation and please release me.”
“What she say, Gizmo?” Cecil asks, turning to stare at him.
Gizmo orders in a stern baritone tuba. “The answer’s no, honey. Does she have any personal items?”
Rashab observes then smiles wickedly. “Only Jake’s T-shirt.”
“Toss her the clothes.” Gizmo orders as king of the hill.
Priscella pitches the small pink overnight bag, dictates. “Get dressed for your imprisonment, Ugly Thing.”
Jake reprimands, touching Priscella’s right shoulder with his finger pads. “Be nice, Priscella.”
Tilly swiftly vanishes into the Living Room, peeking inside the pink bag and staring at the sundress then jerks the fabric over her body as it fits lousy then she opens the door, yelling. “Ain’t going to work.”
“See, she’s fat.” Priscella confirms, folding her arms over her blouse.
“It’s not big enough, doll.” Tilly swiftly steps from wood frame, leaking her assets out of the sundress.
Girl’s Dorm Tower. Bama State University, 2nd floor, Living room, Priscella, Tabitha and Sharonette, 81ºF.11:04 am. The combo living room, dining room, and kitchen counters occupy the common area within Priscella, Tabitha, and Sharonette’s dorm suit and paint in a shiny and clean oyster pale beige around the big bold “B” symbol of bright hot pink, since the single alphabet letter stands ten feet high of a monogrammed letter style when compared to the smaller stark whites of the seven feet letters, splashing in more similar cursory writing of the “S” and “U” which are sandwiched between the “B” on the east wall, devoid of windows.
Nailed on the life-sized monogram letters between the other shiny and clean oyster pale beige are gigantic life-size pictures of Priscella. Priscella and her majorette suit with the reddish-purple top and matching hot shorty shorts, white knee high boots, and silver baton wrapped in maroon ribbons; Priscella and her yellow sundress and yellow ankle-stripped high heels next to her parents: Priscella and her orange short and orange sneakers hugging her boyfriend Jake; Priscella and her dotted-Swiss red evening gown, silver tiara and Miss Bama State University sash across her shoulder; Priscella and her majorette suit with the other majorettes on the football field during a football game….
North wall of shiny oyster pale beige hugs the white-framed squared archway, leading out of the dorm or coming in, depending on your purpose, holds a single 60-inched plasma TV on the left side of the door while the right side includes the lovely carved Cherry wood built-in doors and shelves, hiding the nice set of electronic toys, including two DVD players, one game box, not used, and three “carrying around in your hands” big pink-colored boom boxes for practicing their majorette routines inside the dorm, or outside upon the grass lawn with the band CDs.
Middle floor space of the combo common room tries to eat the eight tall straight-back Cherry chairs with nicely thick padded leather around the rectangular Cherry wood dining table, complimenting the hot pink “B” symbol on the east wall, and spanking cleaned full spread of kitchen steel appliances with a shiny steel sink between the purple granite counters left and right with five padded bar stools at the matching bar. The Pine kitchen cabinets nicely hide the eating plates, cooking pans, and hand utensils, except for Cecil, he still uses his finger pads and thumbs for eating his food at Priscilla’s dorm suite.
South wall baths the Birch wooden floors in sunlight from the overhead vaulted sky lights, beaming heat and light in and out the three sets of French doors along the outside patio and the French doors are shut permanently with six to eight 4x4 wooden boards covering top, middle, and bottom of delicate glass panes.
Tabitha suddenly stops walking, staring studiously at the boarded windows then rudely finger points at the rough objects, alerting. “Someone has nailed those things across our patio door! Call maintenance a.s.a.p! We’re trapped here…in case of fire…we will….”
Priscella sneers ugly, coming through the door, yelling. “Shut up, Tabitha!” She finger points at Tilly, who moves ahead of the majorettes then stops and stands in the middle of the common room with hands parked on her hips, observing. Priscella barks nasty in her alto oboe at Tabitha. “Ugly Thing can’t escape from us to contact the FBI! So, Cecil got someone to bang the boards over the French doors.” Priscella forcefully shoves at Tilly’s back muscles, guiding her towards the sofa against the wall, ordering. “Sit down, and shut up, Ugly Thing.” Tilly plants her bee_hind slowly onto the soft leather aqua-colored sofa, observing her new environment.
Tilly neck snaps her skull to the wall, staring studiously at wall paint and large design, giggling then screwing her eyebrows, ugly, commenting. “ ‘B’ for Bramlett or Bama or Bi…”
Priscella snarls lovingly as she studies her cell phone for current messages. “Shut it, Ugly Thing.”
Tabitha holds her cell in both hands as she views her latest messages from Cecil then she swings her skull to Priscella, inquiring. “Where’s Tilly going to sleep, tonight? There are only three bedrooms and they’re all occupied. And….she can’t fit onto the sofa, being so tall for a cute teen.” She winks for fun at Tilly as Tilly nods and smiles at the nice compliment.
Priscella quickly decides, playing her cell phone. “Your bedroom, Tabitha!” She eye burns frowning Tabitha, chuckling. “You bunk with Sharonette until Ugly Thing is gone with the wind as we Southerns like to quote.” Tabitha parts her red painted lips then parks fists onto her fit waist, shaking sideways her Auburn skull, blinking moisture from her Hunter green eye sockets as Priscella lectures. “The least you can do since…,” Priscella finger points at Tabitha, accusing, “….your Cecil has caused this major problem for Jake.”
Sharonette retrieves dorm mail from the tiny box located outside the suit, sorting in piles for Priscella, Tabitha and junk then suddenly stops sorting, staring studiously at the sealed white envelope with her full name typed on the outside as Sharonette rips the envelope’s lip upright then reads silently the English words, then frowns her lips funny, waving the white letter like a flag, calling bravely. “What’s this mean…Priscella? Does it affect me? This letter has my name on it, not my Daddy’s. I never receive letters from the school. Why’da I got a letter from the school, Priscella?”
Priscella slowly walks to address Sharonette’s problem as she reprimands nasty her co-majorette. “Woman up, Tabitha! And for Pete’s sake do…not start crying either for the lost of your room, or your Cecil. Jake’ll see his bee_hind in jail for this stupid stunt…if it costs us the Championship.” Priscella violently jerks the letter from Sharonette’s hand then frowns her lips ugly as she reads silently, asking. “Did your complete your History project on time, Sharonette?” Priscella eye burns silly Sharonette.
“O! That one! Is it important?” She bobs her skull like a prancing pony, announcing wildly. “I plan to start…ya know…start it after the Champ game. Ya know!”
Tabitha swiftly taps her three-inched high heel sandals on the wooden floor towards the huddled majorettes, informing. “Your World History project was due last Friday before the weekend, Sharonette. I finished mine and got a ‘C’ for cool. My Cecil’s so proud of me.”
Priscella neck snaps her skull to Tabitha, lecturing. “Good for you, Tabitha! Bad for you, Sharonette. You got a ‘F’ for fruitcake.” She giggles girly. Ring! Ring! Priscella pulls her cell from the shoulder purse as she studies the familiar telephone number then answers sweetly. “Princess ‘P’…here!” She tosses the letter back to Sharonette as Sharonette stares at the words, listening to Priscella’s one-sided chat. “Excellent suggestion!” She checks her designer watch on her wrist, updating. “I’m leaving now. Pick you up in ten minutes. I know exactly what to do.”
Tabitha holds her hand out to Sharonette as Sharonette hands off the letter as Tabitha studies the contents then updates brilliantly. “The letter states that you still can turn in your History project to Dr. J…today during any one of his many classes.” She frowns funny screwing her eyebrows, sharing. “The last one class wraps at five…(looks at her)…Sharonette, we can do this together then you can present the project at five…”
Priscella yells to her Angels in Heaven grabbing the attention of the majorettes. “Do not miss the Band photo session for the media newspaper that starts at four…today…remember, majorettes! This is our last photo before the big game, tomorrow. You be there or….(finger points at the floor)…be here watching us twirl on TV.” Priscella bitches nasty, placing the cell inside her purse.
“Priscella, the session ends at six. We got plenty of time for Sharonette to complete her History project then she can turn it into…” Tabitha dumps logically.
Priscella cuts Tabitha’s words off her sentence, eye burning Tabitha and Sharonette, injecting nasty. “Photo session at four! I gotta go out…do my nails.” She displays in the air her right hand of the perfectly manicured Coral finger polished nails then giggles, advancing towards the archway as she stops then swings her distorted face to both Sharonette and Tabitha, standing outside in the dark hallway. “And watch, Ugly Thing! She cannot leave or…you get to feel my naughty side…majorettes.” The door slams as the latch locks in place.
Sharonette bursts into wet tears, glittering down her brown shiny cheekbones as Tabitha comforts her shivering shoulders, encouraging. “It’s okay, Sharonette. Don’t bother with Priscella. She’s mean and jealous of us.” Then, Tabitha prettily sticks her pink tongue at the closed door then swings to her right at Tilly, talking nicey-nice. “Tilly can help us. Right, Tilly?” Tilly nods in silence and stands, welcoming the invitation of new friends, since she only has met new enemies. Tabitha smiles and compliments to Tilly. “Your nice, right …not like other people we know…?”
Tilly huddles with the majorettes as Tabitha comforts crying Sharonette, pitching. “May I see the letter, please?”
Tabitha offers compliment, smiling friendly, handing off the letter. “You have very nice manners, Tilly.” Tilly nods her skull once at the nice greeting, reading the contents in silence as Tabitha questions with a funny frown on her forehead. “But…no accent?”
Tilly eye burns Tabitha, inquires strangely. “No accent?”
“You don’t talk Southern…like me and Sharonette.” Tabitha wrinkles her forehead with confusion, addressing mysterious.
“I’m not original from the South but I do enjoy the land and the laughs.” Tilly cutes with her silly sentence then giggles as Tabitha frowns her face, ugly to Tilly pondering her weird statement while Tilly slowly wipes the smirk off her face, and clears nosily her throat, kicking in. “World History project for tomorrow, what are we constructing, Sharonette?”
Sharonette shakes sideways her brown skull then wipes the tears from her eye sockets and cheekbones with the baby blue/white/red tiny Ladies’ cotton handy clueless of her college assignment. “I don’t know. I honestly planned to start my project after Saturday’s game. I didn’t realize it was due last week. I haven’t any ideas or…topics…”
Tilly smiles at her new friend, patting tenderly her arm, proclaiming truthfully. “You’re an honest girl, Sharonette. I believe you and I’ll help you with the project. Are there any restrictions like specific events you can’t duplicate, Sharonette?” Sharonette shakes sideways her skull as Tilly responds and smiles. “Excellent, I have an idea. Since, this is history about the world I suggest a diorama of famous girls of Earth.” She giggles girly at her impromptu idea and predicts without her Angel-magic that Sharonette will receive “A+” and pass her World History class, then graduate college and onto a lovely long life.
“Diorama…ya mean like a circle of the Earth.” Tabitha clarifies, bobbing her skull up and down like a prancing pony.
Tilly shakes sideways her silver skull, eye burning Tabitha, elaborating in more details her project idea. “Sorta…” She uses the famous Southern language properly and continues. “We find four famous girls of the World then build their History stage on a base-like object and present in a circle…a Diorama.” Tabitha and Sharonette nod their skull in silent as Tilly requests the needed items. “We’ll need some materials such as cardboard box for the bottom of the base holding the Diorama. Some dolls to represent the project’s famous girls…”
“The girls? What girls?” Sharonette asks.
Tilly explains. “I believe one of the girls should be Queen Cleopatra. She was an interesting girl in World History on Earth.” Tilly offers and smiles since she’s personally knows that particular Soul after death, of course.
Tabitha cheerleads, bouncing on her sandals. “Yeah! Queen Cleopatra of Egypt is from the East hemisphere of the World and let’s add Queen Elizabeth, the first from England as representing the North hemisphere of the globe.”
Sharonette compliments including her ideas. “Good thinking, Tabitha. I pick…I pick from the West hemisphere…that’s us…the good ole USA. How about Betsy Ross? She’s like our…queen of the USA. She sewed the first American flag for our freedom from the Red coats British during the Revolutionary War in 1776. We can paint a symbol of the American flag on the cardboard. How’s that sound?”
Tabitha bounces on toes, again, complimenting. “Yeah, good idea. I remember that there’s an old cardboard box in the hallway. Priscella ordered something and dumped the box for the dorm’s cleaning crew for trash pickup. I’ll be back.” She unlocks door then disappears into hallway.
Sharonette touches gently Tilly’s arm, shuffling both of them to the chairs, sitting at the dining table then talks softly. “Thanks for helping me, Tilly. I’m sorry about all this…mess and messy Priscella…(giggles)…she’s usually a really nice person…just tense about the Championship game and Jake. She goes crazy if anything involves Jake, the love of her life and the groom to her bride.” Sharonette roller balls her pupils up deeply into her hair line as Tilly giggles at the silly Human females then Sharonette talks with their Southern talk. “Ya know…” Then Sharonette leans deeply into Tilly’s face, whispering. “I… (looks back at the closed door)….will leave the door un-locked, tonight. You can escape and go back home to Bam U.” Sharonette nods at Tilly as Tilly nods back at her then Sharonette continues keeping her natural alto saxophone low. “I heard you say that you won’t report to the police about Gizmo and Cecil. I believe ya, girlfriend…(smiles at Tilly)…ya see, Cecil…”
“Cecil…,” Tabitha yells his name loudly, standing inside the archway as the door slams then locks in place then she narrows her eyelids, pursing her lips, eye burning at Sharonette then slants eyelids towards Tilly, suspiciously as she marches to dining table in high steps without music, inquiring with kitty-cat deadly curiosity. “What about Cecil, Sharonette? Did he call me? Did I miss his message?” Tabitha pulls her cell from the pocket of her shorts, frowns funny with twisted red-painted lips, noting no missed telephone calls then she eye burns Sharonette, slanting her eyelids like a snake, re-questioning. “What about Cecil, Sharonette?”
“I got some dolls in my closet for the Diorama. Excuse me!” Sharonette scoots nosily her chair from dining room table then twists her body towards her bedroom, disappearing through the dark hallway.
Tabitha drops nosily the empty box on the floor, watching intensively Sharonette vanish as she purses her lips, again then she sits in Sharonette’s chair, whispering some importance good advice to Tilly. “Do not think about crossing Priscella, Tilly. She has ordered you here. Period! She…is boss, here. Period! I like you, Tilly…you’re a sweet cinnamon roll at my breakfast table and a very proper and nice Southern Belle….just like me…even if’an you don’t carry a Southern twang….(giggles)…I’m sorry you’re caught in our fishing net.” Tilly nods her skill silently as Sharonette quickly strolls back into common room with dolls in one hand and sparkling clothing items in the other as Tabitha subject changes quickly, smiling goofy at Tilly. “Cecil’s my guy….ya see and I…love him with all my heart and soul.” She faces Sharonette, inquiring business-like. “What ya got there, darling?”
Sharonette smiles, then holds her hands in the air, presenting a paint set, rubber-banded set of colored permanent markers and four dolls looking like. “Priscella…” Sharonette names nasty and giggles silly then continues to her friends. “…remember…when we started college together on the first evening after we unpacked our clothes in this dorm suite, then she gave us her doll statue.” Sharonette eye burns Tilly since Tabitha remembers the event as Sharonette tattles. “They’re gifts from Jake for Priscella becoming a majorette in the Marching Cougar Band.” She holds doll in air, remarking with a giggle. “Looks just like Priscella…pale skin, blonde hair and plastic attitude…”
“Sharonette…be very careful there.” Tabitha warmingly warns as she holds the second doll in air then presses the messy blonde horse hair to the doll’s back, sharing. “Priscella gave us these dolls for treasure keepsakes in our old age…like when we’re 40 or so…these will be Collector items…some day.” She brushes the doll’s hair horse from its plastic face.
“Some day collecting dust…” Sharonette dumps with the silly words then rips nosily the tiny majorette costume from her doll as she measures precisely the gold fabric with the fake gems on the first doll, who is going to represent Queen Cleopatra, updating. “I need my project. I need to pass my World History class. And Priscella…(shakes the naked doll)…is going to help whether she’s nude or not…” Laughter roars in the dorm suite immediately.
Tilly nosily rips the cardboard box into four parts with her hands, presenting the bottom cardboard, instructing. “Here’s the base of the diorama. Let’s start by dividing the square into equal parts… (draws crossed lines)…then paint an American flag with stars and stripes on one-fourth of the square for the ‘Queen of the USA’.”
Knock! Knock! Tabitha chuckles, while eye burning the closed door, announcing. “Priscella…forget her door key…three times this month. I’ll let her in.” She gallops to the locked door.
Bar. Maple Street. smoky room. billiards table. 2:10pm. Honky Tonk Bar holds strategically five billiards tables along the west wall next to the twin dance floors opposite the three female bathrooms and one male restroom as Priscella zooms down the dark walls, wearing at an angle the pink baseball cap over both her dirty blonde eyebrows and nose bridge then strolls elegantly to table then stops, naming softly. “Perry.”
“Sis, what’s shaking?” Perry names, recognizing his biologically sister then whacks successfully the solid red ball inside the side pool pocket, knowing she visits only when she needs something, requiring his personal advice or skills so Jake or their parents don’t find out as he snorts lightly.
“I have some trouble that I need…” Priscella dumps, while slicing her narrow eyelids side to side at the rough characters, sitting at the bar, sipping on beverages.
Perry smashes successfully the solid blue ball into the corner pocket, annoys her then chuckles lightly. “Trouble, ya got another failure or incomplete…or probation this time, sis.”
“No smart-hole.” Priscella retorts quickly, wrapping her arms around her chest, wishing the dirty deed done.
Perry slams unsuccessfully the green ball into the corner pocket then annoys his sister more. “Ok, then it must be Gunter. He finally met another gay.” He chuckles, missing the yellow solid ball as it bounces off the green fabric rolling on the opposite side of the table.
“…not another gal, either. Jake isn’t gay, Perry. Can we leave this place? This is very important.” Priscella invites privacy to her delicate dilemma, moving closer to the pool table without hitting the balls with her legs.
Perry grins, then smashes successfully the yellow ball into center pocket, sharing. “He hangs with Yusi. That dude’s big time gay for your 411…or is it 911.” He chuckles.
“Yoshit tutors Jake in school. You know that.” She reminds leaning across the table almost touching Perry’s shooting arm.
Perry ignores her body against the table and her private invitation somewhere since her business can be conducted here, reprimanding. “You should respect people, Priscella…like we were taught in Sunday school.” He whacks the orange ball into the green fabric, missing the pocket.
She tattles, eye burning part of Perry’s hair since she can’t see eyeballs, updating. “Dummy Gizmo kidnapped this girl…”
Perry freezes like ice his pool stick then eye burns Priscella’s baseball cap as he uprights his body in a soldierly fashion, grabbing his cold beer mug, rumbling in serious tenor saxophone. “Cella, let’s…move into my private office.” Private office is one of two corner dark booths next to the dance floor where Perry conducts his private business with his business associates as long as he gives management 50% of his profits. He quickly leads Priscella to the booth, scooting on one side as Priscella slices sideways her eyeballs, sliding into the opposite side, Perry waves his single hand, confirming. “Cool here, Cella. Tell me your troubles!”
Priscella quickly explains that Cecil and Gizmo beat up then brought back Tilly, who happens to be the new Bama University Football Team prized long kicker to the Bama State University Dorm Tower owned by Jake’s Daddy and the girl has stayed inside the wrong college dorm based on an executive decision of the Bama State’s first string football offensive line.
“Whoa!” Perry puffs musically, eye burning Priscella.
“What do I do, Perry?” She seeks, dumping the baseball cap, fluffing her hair with her old manicured Coral finger nails.
“Whoa!” Perry puff, twice.
“Besides, whoa, Perry?” She annoys then frowns with twisted Coral painted lips, ugly at her brother.
He looks into her straight into the eyeballs, not bully-snorting. “High tail it to nearest Sheriff, Cella. That there’s about thirty years for Accessory…ya know….for not exactly participating, but like sorta keeping quiet.” He sips his beer then inquires. “Where’s the Bama kicker, now?”
“In my dorm….”
“Whoa!” Perry puffs, thrice.
“I think you know….some guys.” She proposes stupidly as she narrows her eyelids.
“Bad to the bone guys, ya kinda, not trying to say, sis.” He poems silly as his eyeballs catch bright sunlight from the archway entrance into the Honky Tonk Bar then he observes. “Ya got bodyguards…now, sis.”
She rotates her neck muscles at the archway, seeing Gizmo and Cecil as Perry stands and motions with his wiggling finger pads to the familiar Bama State football players as they strut manly towards their booth. Perry shakes extended hands, then finger points at empty seats as Gizmo sits next to Priscella and Cecil with Perry.
“Your guys, Priscella?” Perry joshes then chuckles as he notes their young faces are…way too serious.
“Your guys, Perry?” Priscella adjusts the joke and twists her Coral painted lips at Perry.
Perry shakes sideways his matching skull of blonde hair over a pale skin like his sister, sharing. “Not my guys, but big bad boys that don’t like little good boys.” He chuckles then sours with a flat line on his lips, warning coolly. “Let me made this very clear! I. Am. Not. Involved….”
“Call them and get her away from me?” Priscella demands nasty as she eye burns Gizmo.
Gizmo speaks up nervously, warning to Perry. “When don’t want Bama Babe hurt, only occupied until the end of the…”
“Cougar kidnapping…,” Perry chuckles and elaborates. “When a person of importance is taken for some type of demand besides money…like winning the National Championship Football Game on Saturday afternoon. I know who not to bet on…tomorrow. Thanks for the business tip.” He chuckles, nodding his skull then smiling toothy.
“Smart-hole, make some phone calls.” Priscella orders commandingly.
Perry offers peacefully. “I don’t own a cell for personal reasons. So, I can’t make ‘some phone calls’ but the bad boys work…here. Ya’ll gots…as them Southern bank robbers say…the money for their payroll bank account.” Gizmo slams the small black gym bag upon the table between college students as Perry surprisingly remarks. “Whoa! Jake’s involved, too. His Daddy’s going…”
Gizmo leans his ugly pimpled face and bad breathes into Perry’s skull, rumbling in bass drum. “Jake does not know about this…arrangement. I do not want Jake to know about this…arrangement. Ya feel me, bro?” Perry nods his skull once in silence as Gizmo continues. “The stash’s from my personal bank account, Perry. When I’m drafted into the League, I’ll pay myself…back.” He grins toothy, referencing his predictable draft into the NFL after his awesome performance on Championship Game Day between Bama U and Bama State U.
“Got ya! Let me get your contact ….then I disappear. Ya feel me, bro?” Perry warns as he eye burns Priscella then she slightly bobs her skull along with Gizmo and Cecil’s head for the acknowledgement as he slides into the dark curtains behind the dance stage.
Cecil concerns with butterflies inside his tummy to Gizmo since this is Priscella’s plan. “We should…I mean that I believe her. She said she won’t tell anyone…if we let her go back home to Bam U.”
Gizmo slams his hand with medium strength on the table as the echo flings against the wall and back to their eardrums, ordering. “Shut it, Cecil! We’re here. We can’t trust Bama Babe. Her Daddy’s a lawyer. We be in jail less than 24 hours….instead within 24 hours we be playing the Game of our lives. We be getting recruiting calls from the NFL on Sunday afternoon after church services, Cecil.”
“I guess.” Cecil chin whips his face to his chest, words softly with defeat.
Gizmo sighs then breathes, lecturing nasty at Cecil. “You guess! I don’t guess. I know. Bama Babe can kick that winning field goal like all the pollsters are predicting since we be even in both offense and defense…one field goal will win the game. If’an she be there, she will do it…kick the ball through the goals, win for Bam U instead we got her and she can’t kick the ball then we be the winners, Cecil. We win everything…glory…fame and money.” He eye burns Priscella, who busies with her cell, complaining. “Now…only if Jake’s up to doing his part and playing his game…getting the win for the Bama State.”
She drops the cell to the table, slicing viciously her eyeballs and her alto oboe timber into Gizmo. “Jake’s up to doing his part. My Jake’s perfect. He’ll win the Championship Game, Gizmo. What’s your probe?”
Gizmo kicks in. “Nice response…not Jake! I hope…you can promise that perfect Jake, Priscella. He’s been acting really weird all morning after Bama Babe left the Dorm Tower. I’m not so sure about…perfect Jake…anymore, Priscella. Ya better go and check on him while we deal with this?”
“What?” Priscella smart-holes and eye burns Gizmo, frowning funny with her twisted lips.
Gizmo tattles. “He skipped the Coach’s play session this morning and…”
Priscella cuts with a knife into the stupid chat, complimenting. “Jake...is the superstar of this team. He can skip anything….that he pleases. Geez…I’ll be glad to graduate from ya’ll hicks. I can’t wait to lounge around pros….ya know…the NFL.” Priscella insults nasty then sips nosily her beer mug as she taps annoyingly her Coral finger nails on the table then she checks her watch, complaining. “Where are these bad boys? I’m running late for the photo session which started at four.” She whispers. “Sharonette betta be there….”
“Call Perry back here.” Gizmo demands brutally, rotating his neck muscles around the empty dance floor, scanning for the lean frame like his sister.
“Perry has scatted. Wish I could…,” Cecil moans like a baby in his day care crib.
Priscella advices, surveying the empty bar. “You boys should scat as well. These tough guys might recognize your famous faces from the home Bama State games and that’s not good for our permanent plan, if we want to success…and win the Championship Game without her….,” Priscella eye burns Gizmo as he nods with his skull then stands along with Cecil stands then they swing their bodies around towards the archway.
Tall male hovers over her table as his eyeballs scan her from hair roots to table surface then smiles as Priscella smiles and finger points her manicured Coral index finger at the empty place across the table, offering friendly. “Have a seat, sweet cakes! Thanks for using my matchmaking services.” She giggles then pauses for drama as she continues. “This girl…we have selected for you…tonight.” She pauses for drama as the male nods his skull once in silence the she instructs. “This girl…take her to dinner and drinks in a very nice private setting…tonight.”
Baritone trombone thunders nasty to Priscella. “Them drinks depends if your matchmaking fees can cover all my costs.” He grins toothy.
Priscella continues then giggles. “We provide nice compensation. There’s…(she holds five fingers in the air for $5,000)…it in that.” Male nods his skull in silence as she scoots the bag closer to male and instructs with great care. “Tomorrow in the evening after suppertime, your services end. This girl….she will be returning to her…”
“Return her?” Baritone trombone storms shockingly.
“Return the girl to her apartment in Birmingham…with additional instructions.” Priscella demands like a princess, sliding the new address of Tilly’s apartment across the table to the mysterious male.
Skull eye burns the wall then returns his eye balls back to Priscella as he smiles then mumbles in baritone trombone. “Day trip, I can do that.”
Priscella hesitates with worry then pretends to stay cool and in control. “Okay!” She ponders deeply if something bad happens to Tilly other than this temporary dinner arrangement, the police will be heavy involved which involves her and Jake and jail. She verbal explains with a cheery voice and instructs carefully. “Please…enjoy the evening on me! Let me caution you…that this girl…she doesn’t really like too much partying…”
“Maybe…she hasn’t met the right party dude…,” Male grins toothy then winks flirtatiously at Priscella.
Priscella bites stingingly at the male. “She doesn’t want or need to meet the party or the dude. Ya got that, sir!” Ring! Ring! Priscella presses the button to “send” then crams the cell into her eardrums, standing quickly, moving from the table and hired help, mice-squeaks in alto oboe first octave “A”. “Yes.”
Pause.
“Yoshit…I’m a little busy right…,” Priscella injects viciously.
Pause.
“Tilly’s missing. That’s impossible. Go check Tabitha’s bedroom…she…,” Priscella demands princessly.
Pause.
Priscella slams softly her body into the wall on the other side of the bar, listening then commenting. “O! You checked. The 4 x 4 wooden boards prevent Tilly from escaping her pen. I want to speak to Tabitha or…”
Pause.
“They’re gone.” Priscella checks the designer watch on her wrist, commenting. “They’re at the photo session which started at four. I didn’t understand. They’re all gone and Tilly isn’t there, either. Was the door locked?”
Pause.
“No! Tilly has escaped…call…” Priscella has a mini-heart attack.
Pause.
“What note? Read it, Yoshit!” Priscella demands to the smart-hole teen.
Pause.
She yells to her Angels in Heavens in first octave “A” of her alto oboe. “Jake…Jake Gunter…took her….took her to his dorm room.” Priscella huffs and puffs musically then slams the cell into her purse as she quickly pivots to the seated male, tapping high heels rapidly across the empty dance floor then stops at the edge of the table, announcing wildly. “The deal is cancelled, sweet cakes.” She grabs the bag of money, scooting it across table then twists her bee_hind in the male’s face as she taps towards the archway for a fast getaway from the Honky Tonk Bar to find Jake and Tilly.
The mystery male moves out of the booth, standing and watching the girl exit the archway. He pulls his cell from his jean’s pocket, punching the familiar telephone number, talking softly. “Do you know the Birmingham billionaire’s son named Jake Gunter?”
Pause.
“Grab a couple of sleeping bags, four guns and some rope. We got a new job...tonight.” Male orders as he grins with a wide smile, disconnecting the phone call.
Jake’s dorm room. Bama State U. 55ºF. cloudy. 7:02 pm. “Halt, Jake.” Tilly yells in her flute soprano of third octave “c” as the punch knocks her mental focus off key as Jake aims, swings, and connects his fist to Tilly’s padded headgear for a second punch then Tilly veers left, leading with her shoulder and slamming her body into the soft foamed wall then kneecaps, breathing in and out with short puffs of air and.
Tilly repeats her request. “Enough, Jake I give up…surrender. You win!”
Tilly wears, cute-like the electric blue squared padding around her skull, down to her earlobes and around her neck muscles for support of her spine, kickboxing for fun with Jake as she lifts her body from her kneecaps, using the electric boxing gloves that covers her finger pads and bone knuckles and the wall for support, stands then straightens her knee pads and shin pads  place in place around her legs then kicks her right leg high into air, holding with the boxing hand, stretching her cramming muscles.
Jake bounces on his bare tippy toes inside the soft foamed mattress as the mattress encircles safely around the kickboxing ring inside his dorm suite of third bedroom as he wears handsomely the neon punk green squares, mirroring Tilly’s protective body gear as he strikes silently his boxing gloves together in the air, encouraging. “Come on, angel. Ya the toughest babe I’ve beaten upon…ever…its…way too much fun. I could never do this with Priscilla. She might break a nail or worse get split endings in her hair strands… (pops the gloves together)…one more round of vigorous and rough kickboxing, angel…then we ate. I gots a hardy appetite, now. How about some deep fried ‘fresh caught pond’ catfish and hush ‘my Mama’s mouth’ puppies…down at Mama’s Fish House around the block.” Jake kicks his left leg into the air then bends it down at the kneecap then kicks the right leg and bend at the kneecaps, keeping his muscles warm, loose, and active.
“Nice compliment, cowboy. I take the invitation of free food since my stomach growls and my ears are ringing so’s I don’t have to endure another one of your Southern Hillbilly country music tunes playing from the hidden speakers in this room.” Tilly smirks, enjoying the play fighting with the hot stud muscular boy-human since he’s very strong, physically and funny, intellectually and cute sexy to her eyeballs and her wandering emotions.
“Wrong football team, angel! I’m a cougar, not a cowboy. And I’m going to kick your bee_hind for insulting my Hillbilly theme song, Bama Babe! I noticed that your left hook’s weak, Tilly. Gizmo saw that, too. That’s how he tackled ya upon the floor as he tattles or lies…depending on your personal perception of Gizmo’s storytelling. So…I’ll target your left cheekbone with my right foot as you defend yourself. See, I gave away my strategy for the….”
“Weak female.” Tilly slumps with her body in a forward stance, placing her weight upon her right foot, waiting for the described attack.
Jake hops his body right then left, twists his right leg and bare foot behind his waist then extends his right leg forward as he kicks his right foot straight at Tilly’s stomach, misses completely as Tilly giggles in his face. Jake carries the flow to the left in a half-circle, stops suddenly, quick changes his leg, twisting the left leg and bare foot, kicking his left foot straight at Tilly’s right cheekbone, missing.
Tilly arches like a rainbow her back muscles from Jake’s flying foot, watches the foot travel from left cheekbone to right side of her face as she sees Jake switch motion and follows Jake’s left leg and bare foot, pathing into her right cheekbone just like he predicts, grabbing his ankle with both her gloves, swinging his leg and Jake in half-circle around her body as Jake yells like a little kid, shockingly.
Tilly releases his leg, and flings Jake against the soft wall as he slams into the foam then drops on his face into the soft mattress as he reverse the torque of his motion, pathing towards Tilly, crossing his arms against his chest for better faster mobility as Tilly giggles then she jumps, kitten-like into air, lands on the foam, misses Jake’s rolling body then she jumps, kitten-like again, and misses Jake’s body as she laughs too hard too concentrate on the play kill.
Jake rolls faster from her foot prints as Tilly leaps, kitten-like in the air then Jake jumps, T-rex upright, grabbing powerfully at her biceps as she hugs closetly his body to her chest then she twists right, carrying Jake like a tumbling tree log on the foam floor with her as they roll and hit the foam wall, reverse direction from their inertia then suddenly stop as Jake lands on the top of Tilly.
Jake chuckles deeply as Tilly giggles girly then he grins toothy as she smiles sweetly then he smirks slightly as she parts her lips widely as he sweet breathes. “Tilly.”
Tilly whispers softly. “Jake.”
He closes his eyelids, brushes his pink lips onto her soft red lips as Tilly closes her eyelashes, enjoying his warm touch as he kisses tenderly and she accepts his kiss passionately.
Foot falls tromp violently. Door slams open viciously. Priscella yells loudly. “Jake.”
Jake surfaces from the sweet kiss, neck snaps his skull at direction of Priscilla’s voice then blinks his eyelids once, twice, and thrice at the brown dull sweatshirt sleeves coming into focus, wrapping around Priscella as he leaps, T-rex upright from Tilly then smashes his squeaky boxing gloves together, threateningly. “Hey, smart-hole! Release Priscella, then get out of my eye sight…forever before one…I beat your butt and two…I arrest your butt for trespassing on my property.”
Male #2 separates from Male #1 holding Priscella around his brown sweatshirt as Male #2 towers over Male #1 by four inches of height and 20 pounds of muscle, calling. “Little man, ya want to beat my butt…instead.”
Jake veers to Male #2 without pause his bouncy steps, challenging. “Yeah…you first…then jack-hole’s next.”
Male #2 grins then laughs hardy, leaping onto the foam floor, accepting the kid’s challenge as Male #1 shuffles back into the empty hallway with the rope-tied Priscella as his mouth covers her mouth, watching the action.
Jake fakes right as he extends his right leg at Male #2 then stops mid-air and lungs his left fist at the face, connecting the jaw line as Male #2 flings left, hits the foam wall then bounces off the wall from the impact, pathing straight towards Jake.
Jake jerks safely right out of the traveling object as Tilly bounces like a bunny for Jake’s rescue, striking her blue gloves in the air on the unpredictable mushy foam mattress then she leaps up and comes down as Male #2 flies then falls down in Tilly’s spot as they collide painfully using their skull bones then they ricochet off each other with the Male #2 heading back to the wall and Tilly the opposite direction.
Tilly soars into air as Jake catches her flying body then he back steps from the catch, balancing both of them steady as he hugs closetly Tilly into his chest, checking that Male #2 hits the wall and falls unconscious on the foam, chuckling.
Motion catches Jake’s left peripheral eyeball as a folded fist plows into Jake’s left cheekbone with pain as Jake drops Tilly to the soft foam floor then stumbles forcefully against the foam wall from the face impact, falling into softness, landing on his back muscles as Male #1 dips his ugly face into Jake’s narrowed eyeballs, grinning goofy, calling. “Jack-hole wins.” Male #1 uprights his bouncing body, then kicks his boot toe into Jake’s rib cage as Jake grunts then passes out, unconscious.
Saturday. Shack. Alabama woodlands. 65ºF. 3:03 pm. Rough hands shake violently the body as faint voices echo lightly and eyeballs focus slowly.
“Wake the billionaire boy.” Male #1 orders, while enjoying the screams and shouts of the Championship Game, displaying on the small portable TV set on the small food tray, expressing greedy. “Daddy should’ve noted him missing at the Game…” He chuckles then requests. “Time for our simple yet elegant once-in-a-life time demand for the kid.”
Jake slowly stirs his body on the rough platform of material, flinging in short movements his sore muscles of biceps and shins, noting the dizzy head and the achy eye socket from the un-seem black eye from his total defeat with Jack-hole #2 as he hisses with pain, sitting upright, folding at his waist, holding both hands to his skull while noting the three figures.
Jack-hole #1 and Jack-hole #2 occupy on the opposite side of the room at both end arm rests of the chocolate brown clothed sofa as Tilly ties like a Christmas bow of beige ropes upon her hard wooden chair in the dark corner as Jake rotates his stiff neck muscles around the old and stained white plastered squared four walls inside the tiny shack, smelling the familiar odors of cooked bacon grease and piney fragrance of the shaggy Southern Alabama Pine trees near the college campus then finally notes that Priscella is missing from the tight space then worries with flipping invisible butterflies inside his guts.
“Priscella…” Jake croaks froggy-like with his tight voice, trying to look tough and rough with a black eyeball and a splitting headache, eye burning Jack-hole #1 between his finger pads covering his face.
Jack-hole #2 updates, smiling with delight. “The blonde decided to stay behind delivering our ransom note to your folks. Now…” He uprights the cheap non-traceable cell phone in the air, standing and moving towards Jake, dictating. “Call Daddy…he’s worried about ya, boy. If’an we finish up our business transaction before the Game, you might pull Bama State though the Championship ring…yet.” He chuckles with a hardy tone, holding the cell in Jake’s face.
Jake closes his eyelids, dizzy with a headache, staccatos, softly. “No.”
Jack-hole #1 quickly stands, pivots to the left, shuffles to Tilly, jerking one of her loose curls forcefully from her skull as Tilly grunts between her teeth, then screws her eyebrows ugly at the pain and the annoying Human, threatening with violence. “She’s not just our new corner decoration…here, boy.” He pulls the hand pistol from the back of his jeans then aims the weapon at Tilly’s temple. “Call your Daddy, son and drop the money, then ya’ll can go back to school safe and happy like good little teens.”
Jake gasps nosily, trying to stand his body upright from stinky sofa as Tilly swings her skull side to side and looses the cloth, tapping with a slight touch her Angel Reserve, talking softly. “Stay cool, Jake. We’ll get out of here. I….promise.” Tilly slices her narrowed eyelashes at Jack-hole #1 for pulling her hair, planning to use the rest of her Angel Reserve powers to save Jake’s life and return him back to the college dorm room before something terrible happens.
Jack-hole #2 jerks Jake’s bee_hind from sofa as Jake’s eyeballs and brain cells swirl from the nasty concession, and threatens deadly. “Listen, boy. Ain’t no game, here. Show him, we mean business with a small token of our thank you’s!”
Jack-hole #1 swings his shooting arm, and direct points the pistol at Jake’s left arm for a small wound, aims accurately then fires the gun quickly as Tilly unfurls, faster than blinking eyelashes, her tied and twisted tight ropes from her wrists, ankles, and shoulders then she Angel-flashes her body in front of Jake, standing and protecting his Human life from the flying killing ammo.
Brass bullet speeds in slo mo motion as magically a coffee skin-toned hand with its index finger and thumb pad captures swiftly the fast moving object as Jack-hole #1 and Jack-hole #2 prettily explodes into many, many tiny fragmented Human broken bones, shattered tooth bits, bloody veins, and segmented other pieces of their flabby flesh, leaving nothing of the original forms of the Human kidnappers inside the tiny shack.
Coffee skin-toned hand and two finger pads attach to a figure that materializes visually within the eyeballs of Tilly and Jake as a mystery male talls at six feet and eleven inches with brightly glittering golden bronze complexion, fiery brown golden pupils, glistening light brown shoulder length wavy hair, rippling sculptured biceps and hard chest muscles under his stark white tank top over faded and destroyed blue jeans as the male smiles brightly and winks flirtatiously at Tilly.
Tilly parts lips widely as she names, grinning with a big friendly smile. “Unk…”
“Hi, Tilly.” Male rumbles in his deep baritone tuba, echoing his words against walls of the small shack.
Jake in slo mo partially shuffles tall Tilly behind his weaken body, shooting more pain and suffering into his brain cells as his sore biceps and shins yield, ordering. “Stay back! Tilly…get behind me…”
Tilly giggles girly, re-stepping between Jake and the male, intros friendly, smiling sweetly at Jake. “This is my Uncle, Jake.” She pads to her Uncle’s open biceps, hugging with a Teddy bear embrace, pecking tenderly his cheekbone as she neck snaps her skull to Jake, smiling and announcing. “He’s cool…to some Humans, anyways!” Uncle nods his skull at Jake, eye burning the curious human-boy with intrigue.
Jake wrinkles his forehead, ugly then screws sideways his eyebrows, uglier then stares studiously with his active brain cells at the dark mister, confusing. “Your uncle? Your relative…here with us inside this shack. How’s he here? Wait! Why’s he here, Tilly?” He eye burns Tilly as he snorts with too many convenience factors even with his dizzy headache and double vision.
Tilly blinks her eyelashes once, twice, and thrice, pondering her wise answer as she glances at her smirking Uncle then returns her eyeballs to serious Jake, expressing truthfully. “He rescued us, Jake from the deadly killers. You should be saying ‘thank you’ but he’s a forgetting being…for some Humans.” Tilly giggles then pecks her Uncle’s cheekbone, shooing. “Thanks for the save, Unk!”
Jake puzzles with his new ‘too many convenience factors theory,’ confirming. “Your uncle, your alive relative… (finger points at scattered body parts)…your dead relatives, too, Tilly.” He chin whips his face to his chest then returns his face towards Tilly and her uncle, concluding brilliantly. “You and you uncle set all this up…my kidnapping plot from the get-go. The ploy was good I must admit you being the new football kicker on the Bama U special teams…a girl of all choices. What I don’t get was how you got Gizmo and Cecil to grab ya? They’re pretty drunk but harmless even to a stray dog when intoxicated. O! I see. Your uncle must’ve driven them to your place inside the Bam U campus where you conveniently hitched a ride with Gizmo and Cecil back to my dorm room. That’s good! That’s a brilliant plan. But your gig’s up, cowgirl. My Daddy ain’t paying ya’ll any of his billionaires for this stupid play game. As a matter of fact, ya’ll release me…now…and I’ll forget this whole mess and return to the Game before we lose the Championship…”
Tilly shakes sideways her silver skull along with her hands and finger pads in air, confessing. “Not true, Jake. I’m not part of this silly kidnapping plot against you and your family. They…the pieces of leftover body parts on the floor…were really the Humans with bad intentions towards you and your family.”
Her Uncle leans deeply into Tilly’s eardrum, whispering. “Tilly, how many times do I remind you not to play with the Humans…they serve best…as servers.” He chuckles evilly in deep baritone tuba, eye burning the little annoying boy-human.
“I’m on assignment, Unk.” Tilly reminds gently as she eye burns Jake as he paces side to side with mixed emotions of fury and embarrassment and fear.
Her Uncle clears nosily his throat then informs meekly like a weak kitten. “You’ll learn that later, Tilly that I’m the cause of your assignment…I’m only trying to help…my way.” He smirks slightly, eye burning Tilly.
Tilly grins toothy at Uncle and shakes sideways her skull as her hair flies left and right against her shoulders, reprimanding. “Unk, can’t you be good for three short seconds.”
Her Uncle smiles brightly and compliments greatly, hugging her. “Not my nature, Tilly! But you’re my niece…the only good thing my baby brother did right…from my point of view.”
Tilly pecks lightly another of her sweet kiss upon his cheekbone, dictating. “Thanks for the assist…Unk. I’m safe, now. You can leave.” She tries to shuffle his big body out the shack.
Uncle stares studiously at Jake, concerns, and whispers into Tilly’s eardrum. “I think that boy-human has other intentions…evil ones…towards you, Tilly. And I find that I don’t like it. And I plan to do something about it.”
Tilly ear burns his lobes with the updated data about the geographic region. “No, Unk! Jake’s only overprotective. That’s how them Southern cowboys act and show passion towards their little cowgirls.” Tilly giggles girly, observing the land and the ladies very studiously at the Bama State Dorm Tower and student suites.
Her Uncle growls over protectively. “If you…”
Jake limps to the far corner of the tiny shack, reaches down with his pained biceps and dizzy headache for the hand pistol covered in the dead men’s blood and guts, grabs the weapon, shaking the wet liquid and fresh Human skin from the metal as he uprights slowly and swings the gun to his right, positions his body for the upcoming explosion from gun’s kick, targets the singular person then aims the barrel at both the hugging couple of the unknown Uncle and the more mysterious Tilly, warning. “I salute both of you…”
Tilly snaps her neck muscles in the direction of Jake’s growling timber then parts her lips widely, blinks her eyelashes once, twice, and thrice as Uncle hugs closetly her for more protection while Tilly comments meekly. “Jake, please. The situation is clear. You are…”
“…the billionaire’s son. I’m not stupid…Tilly…newest kicker for the Bama University football team. No other college teams have girls as football players. I believed ya.” Jake chin whips his face to his chest then returns his unhappy face to her, confessing. “I liked ya. You…your different Tilly…different from all the other girls that I’ve met. You’re fun…(chuckles)…tough and real…(smiles)….like one of the guys.” He chin whips his face to his chest then returns his sour face to her as he sniffs invisible air into his nostrils then growls like a wounded animal. “Where’s Priscella? Is she hurt? Have you harmed her?”
“No.” Tilly closes her eyelashes like she’s praying to Heaven, using her limited Angel Reserve to locate the human-girl, updating. “Priscella’s alright…”
“You lie.” Jake snarls beautifully, targeting the gun at her Uncle, dictating. “Release me!”
“I always tell the truth. I cannot lie, Jake.” Tilly enlightens softly then smiles toothy at Jake.
“Let me handle this…” Uncle growls a like wounded animal into her eardrum, hugging his niece protectively.
“Ya see…I gots the gun and the new plan. We…me and you there Uncle and pretty thing Tilly are all going to visit the police station down the street in the valley once I figure out where we’re located…some off dirt road woodlands. Come to me, Tilly. You’re my hostage so’s your Uncle can’t attack me.” Jake wiggles the barrel of the pistol in his direction for her to move towards him.
“Boy-human needs a lesson in social manners as…them Southerns say.” Her Uncle updates nasty in Tilly’s eardrum.
Tilly shakes her skull sideways, decides quickly then intros wildly. “This is my uncle, Lucifer.”
“Move,” Jake yells then jerks the gun barrel directly at her Uncle, releasing the safety latch, deciding that a little flesh wound to the bigger male won’t hurt Jake’s chances of surviving as he runs down the hill onto the dirt road looking for help.
Lucifer rumbles in deep baritone tuba into Tilly’s eardrum. “Little boy-human doesn’t believe me, Tilly.” His deep laughter rattles the wood planks under Jake’s bare feet and echoes off the thin plastered walls into Jake’s eardrums as it ricochets like a bullet around the tiny shack then his glittering brown skin morphs into many ugly gooey bright red blisters with a couple of black five-inched curved horns over his brown skull as Lucifer smiles, holding his famous golden plated country Farmer’s pitch fork in his right hand for the ‘dog and pony’ show.
Tilly shuffles from her silly relative, standing next to the chocolate brown sofa, shifting her index finger back and forth at his audacious display, reprimanding. “Unk, don’t show off! You’re only given exclusive permission to scare the big and little Humans during that one day and night time event called Halloween, remember!” Lucifer smiles biggy as his laughter echoes off the wall, scaring the little annoying human-boy with the too many evil thoughts about Tilly.
“That…you…Satan…are.” Jake stutters with nonsense as he lowers the gun to his kneecaps in utter shock, staring studiously at the once handsome male that has turned into the ugly devil before his eyeballs, pondering this entire event is not real, he’s dreaming, asleep with his nightmare in his bed at his dorm room at Bama State University.
“I prefer…Unk…” Tilly giggles, touching his red blistered forearm as she strokes it lightly then she swiftly moves toward the stunned Jake, grabbing the gun before the Human really gets harmed, informing. “Angels are all related to each other, Jake. I guess you didn’t know that factual information.” Tilly talks as she guides the stunned human-boy towards the chocolate brown sofa. “I guess since you’ve met my Uncle Lucifer you’ve figured out that I’m not really Human like you. I’m an Angel, too.” She smiles as she kneecaps onto the floor, twisting Jake’s face towards her sweet smile since he can’t stop staring at Lucifer. “Jake, can you hear me?”
Jake blinks his eyelids once, twice, and thrice, studying her pretty face then violently jerks his jaw towards Uncle Lucifer then returns back his stunned face to smiling Tilly, updating slowly. “Yes. I can hear. Yes. I can believe. You’re a demon like your uncle…standing over there. Has he gone, yet?”
“I’m an Angel, Jake.” Tilly neck snaps her skull at Lucifer then returns back her eyeballs upon Jake, pitching. “We are all kin in our Angelship family, Jake but I’m an Angel straight from Heaven. Ya know, that far away place with the puffy clouds and harp playing.” She giggles girly thinking of one Angel that doesn’t enjoy the harp playing then comments sweetly. “I…”
Jake pushes his face and his body away from her warm hands, huddling like a basketball in the corner of the sofa, rattling nonsense sentences in a nervous baritone trombone. “Look, I believe ya…both the devil and the demon. So, ya’ll can go, leave…go back to where ever in hell ya’ll come from….I won’t tell a soul. I swear to… (eyeballs look to Heaven)…HIM. Okay. Nice to meet ya’ll! And I hope never, ever again. Bye folks!”
“Jake?” Tilly calls sweetly, leaning her body while extending her slender finger pads towards Jake.
Jake jerks his body deeper into the stinky sofa, almost hollering. “No. No. No. Ya’ll didn’t come for me. I might not be a great person, here, on Earth, but, I ain’t a bad person like some of the other Humans, that I didn’t know. And I know you didn’t come for me ‘cause I ain’t dead…” Jake pauses for drama, examining his body with his eyeballs then touches his T-shirt with his hand, noting no holes from firing bullets or hitting knives, repeating in Tilly’s face. “I ain’t dead. I hear my heart pumping and feel my pulse racing…and.”
“Jake.” Tilly sings softly with a sweet flute soprano fourth octave ‘E-flat’ as she sits back on her kneecaps, staring at his worried face.
Lucifer realizes too late then kicks in. “Tilly, I’m sorry. I was only focused on you, sweetheart.” He eye burns the puny boy-human, updating with an evil smirk. “I’ll correct my mistake.”
Tilly swiftly stands as she moves toward Lucifer, giggling as she hugs his red blisters without the scolding effect to her non-Human skin. “You had your fun, Unk. Change back!” Lucifer quickly morphs into his good-looking Human form, chuckling as Tilly reprimands. “And…you aren’t allowed to interference, Unk. I’m not a silly little Cherub. I know you enjoy collecting free Souls with any dishonest advantage point for your empty treasure chest. Shame on you!” Tilly neck snaps her skull at Jake, sharing. “But, on the other hand, I have quite a mess to clean up and have probably blown my assignment and I’m on very limited Reserve. Do you have suggestions, Unk?”
Lucifer smiles, chuckles and repeats. “I offered you a flaming finale that’ll impress even…HIM.” Then he laughs like a roaring lion attacking his prey then sobers with a somber face, returning. “Did I need to call your Dad? He’ll be here within seconds of my text… (holds cell phone in air)…I love these Human devices…(scans Tilly’s Soul)…I can see that your powers are Ligo. I didn’t like this delicate predication for you Tilly without your fighting skills.” He neck snaps at the annoying little human-boy, crouching in the corner.
Tilly roller balls her pupils into her skull as Lucifer enjoys his bitter banter with the Angels…way too much, tossing. “No, Daddy…yet! And I’ll like a nicer alternative finale without the fire balls, please?” Lucifer chuckles at her so true statement as she eye burns Jake, updating. “Jake plays for the Bama State University football team in the Championship Game…”
Lucifer announces wildly. “NOW! The Game’s playing right at this moment. I clean up with some great baddy Souls when greed, money and mur…”
“Unk!” Tilly names.
Lucifer smiles easy with his true statement and his future new demons, offering peacefully. “Sorry, Tilly! Just telling the way it goes…for the Humans that is.” He laughs evilly.
“Jake isn’t one of them. I can read your mind since we’re family….,” Tilly dumps, reminding nicely.
Lucifer frowns with a curved sweet smirk at Tilly, asking friendly. “Since you’re my only blood family…so let’s keep that secret, secret, okay, sweetheart.” Tilly nods her skull silently in his acknowledgement as he shuffles around Tilly, pathing to Jake, staring at Jake’s face, announcing shockingly. “Beelzebub, that’s Gunter…Jake Gunter, the star quarterback for the Bama State Cougars, Tilly.” He eye burns Tilly as she smiles and nods her skull at the correct identification as Lucifer offers and smiling peacefully. “Sorry, boy! I didn’t recognize your sour mug with the black and blue sissy markers across your cheekbone. Them splattered body parts do that?” Lucifer neck snaps his skull at Tilly as Tilly nods her skull in silence at the second correct identification as Lucifer talks. “Don’t worry, Jake! Them body parts sum together quick down stairs in hell, I’ll enjoy punishing them cowboys for centuries to come for all their asinine actions.” Jake’s eyelids smash upright with the real evil act from the real Lucifer standing in his real eyeballs as Lucifer continues talking to Tilly. “Well, I can see you do have a delicate dilemma, Tilly. Jake needs to get back onto the football field, a.s.a.p…. (whispers to her)…I got a bundle of greenbacks riding on this kid…,” he chuckles lightly.
“Unk, you’ll never learn.” Tilly slaps tenderly his bicep.
Lucifer smiles with deceive, teasing. “My nature, kid. The faster method would be to utilize one of our gifted Angel-teleportation, zapping the human Jake back inside the Cougar locker room…don’t want any Heavenly miracles showing up on the Game field. But I can’t do that for you, or Jake, Tilly. I’m not allowed…”
Tilly orders sweetly, finger pointing at Jake. “You can zap Jake to the locker room that’s not against the rules. Do it! Just flash him back…”
Lucifer frowns funny with his lips twisted like a Mallard duck as he pulls Tilly from the sofa into the far corner on the opposite of the room, huddling with her then eye burning the crouched Jake then returns back his eyeballs to Tilly, whispering. “You’re correct, Tilly. I can zap Jake into the locker room. But…” He eye burns Jake then returns his eyeballs back to Tilly, whispering. “Jake doesn’t want me near him much less touching him for all the right obvious reasons. You do understand that for me to zap his physically body I must touch his Human skin…under normal circumstances I don’t have problem touching any Human but…,” Lucifer eye burns Jake then looks at Tilly.
Tilly demands immediately. “Do it, Unk! I don’t have enough Angel juice to flash Jake onto the front porch. He doesn’t belong here with me. He belongs in the Game that’s his destiny. I guess I interfered with Jake’s destiny when I showed up as a kicker on the opposing football team. I don’t understand what went wrong with my assignment. It was so clear.”
“Tilly, I can’t pop Jake into the locker room because he doesn’t want to leave here.” Tilly frowns funny with her screwed up eyebrows at Lucifer as Lucifer clarifies. “I mean he’s eager to play in the football game…on a physical level….but…”
“O! I get it. Jake’s emotionally upset seeing both, you and me…well, seeing you in your Halloween costume.” Tilly giggles as Lucifer snarls for fun at his niece. “Always, once he’s physically back in that familiar smelly old football locker room, he’ll be his old self, right? Isn’t how that works? He becomes the old star quarterback Jake, forgetting this part of his kidnapping incident with your awesome mind swiping powers, Unk.”
Lucifer gestures with his hand as he watches Jake with one eyeball. “Yes, Tilly. You have the correct steps and correct understanding of our ‘mind clearing.’ However, Jake doesn’t want to leave on a mental…deeper personal level, regardless of his physical stability for our Angel travel. He wants to stay here with…you.”
“Me!” Tilly mice-squeaks in her piccolo soprano first octave a-sharp.
Lucifer eye burns Jake then looks at Tilly, inquiring. “You don’t notice it?” Tilly shakes her skull sideways as he eye burns Jake then returns his eyeballs to Tilly, asking. “You don’t feel it?” Tilly shakes her skull sideways as Lucifer eye burns the floor, concluding. “Wow! Ligo really works… (chuckles)…I thought all this time it was a bully-snorting procedure made up from HIM. I should try this maneuver on some of my sucky emotional Demons I could get thrice the work…”
“Unk!” Tilly mice-squeaks in her piccolo soprano first octave ‘a’.
“Thinking out loud! Sorry, back to…you… (chuckles)…and Jake.” Lucifer eye burns Jake then returns his eyeballs to Tilly, sharing. “Tilly, I can’t teleport Jake back to the college campus because…he doesn’t want to be moved, leaving you behind with me or anyone else. He loves you…at that silly teen…”
“Jake loves me.” Tilly repeats then eye burns the floor, whispers in silent as she smiles then neck snaps her skull to Lucifer. “Really, are you absolutely positively certain with 100% of sureness attached?”
“You hang….way too much with these teen Humans…here in Alabama.” He nods with his skull, confirming. “Jake Gunter loves within his mind, his heart, and his Soul…you, sweetheart.” Lucifer eye burns Jake, noting he has shifted from the basketball crouch into a tiger leaping position, readying to attack someone then Lucifer advices. “Tilly, only you can teleport Jake back to the locker room…”
Tilly eye burns the floor then the wall then returns her eyeballs back to Lucifer, updating. “I’m on limited Angel Reserve, Unk! I can’t zap him back into the Game. That means he stuck here with me until I can arrange for some type of Human transportation. He’s going to miss his star performance…all because of me. I’ve interfered in his destiny.” She slumps her shoulders, understanding completely the Human trait of defeat and failure, eye burning the lumpy wooden planks on the floor.
Lucifer leans into her eardrum, challenging. “He doesn’t mind, Tilly. Use your feelings and probe for your answers…and your wishes…if you dare.”
Tilly neck snaps her skull and eye burns Jake as she opens up her inner feelings, extending her senses directly at Jake with the Ligo in tow. Ligo is used to prevent her from harming another Human rather then protecting her emotions as she mentally drops her emotional wall covering her feelings since she only has focused on the one single logic and un-emotional assignment, school books and football plays as she probes deeply.
Jake cocks his skull to the left then the right, receiving mentally smoothing cool happy playfully thoughts inside his mind as his heart bombards with hot flashes of passion, lust and love as she stares into his eyes.
Lucifer smiles tenderly at Tilly as she uses her deeply hidden emotions like an octopus’ tentacles searching Jake’s mental thoughts as Lucifer plays matchmaker, whispering into her eardrum. “There’s one reserve we…Humans, Angels…and even some sucky Demons carry at all time, Tilly.”
“What’s that, Unk?” Tilly returns back, pondering Lucifer’s answer as she smiles at Jake.
Lucifer gently pushes her towards Jake as Jake stands from the sofa in a dazzled state of obvious teen puppy love while Lucifer chuckles, instructing. “Show Jake your beautiful Angel self, Tilly, you’ll figure it out the answer.”
Tilly stumbles on her bare feet then quickly recovers as she slowly pads toward Jake, eye burning his dancing baby blues and sexy smile, not understanding what to expect for her self or how he’ll receive her as she feels so happy, carefree, caring, passionate, and this new emotion…love.
Tilly stops two feet from standing Jake, smiling as her emotions bombard her heart, her mind, and her Soul, free birding her emotions around Jake as he seems to smile goofy at her, too.
Lucifer pads besides her, offering. “Explode!” Tilly releases her wings as the small pocket of dust bunnies dance two feet from the floor, pirouetting their short routine then descend sparklingly like tiny swarms of Lightning bugs back down into the cracks of the planks.
Jake whispers. “You…real…angel.” He stares studiously at her silver feathers as they glitter like tiny diamonds have been glued onto her wings, tracing his eyes from the silver high arch silhouetting between her shiny hair above both her collar bones then plunging straight down to the very tiny fuzzy shiny feathers trailing onto the dark planks like a queen’s evening dress train as Tilly smiles brightly, nodding with a goofy tilt of her skull afraid to spoil the magical moment.
Lucifer whispers into her eardrum. “Send him back…Tilly!”
“I…,” Tilly sings in flute music, not wanting Jake to leave her space instead to stay with her, forever.
Lucifer repeats softly. “Send him back home…Tilly!”
“I…,” Tilly sings in flute music.
Lucifer instructs into her eardrum, chuckling. “Send him back home…kiss his face, Tilly.”
Tilly doesn’t hesitate with the sweet command, pedaling her bare feet directly into Jake’s open arms, wrapping her arms around his board shoulders then smashing his lips with her pouted mouth as vivid colors of the rainbow and joyous sounds of Country Hillbilly music invades her mind then Jake disappears like a wraith between her warm finger pads as she opens her eyelashes, dropping her arms and swinging to Lucifer.
Tilly compliments with a fully smile. “O! Unk, you performed for the very first time a sweet act…”
Lucifer jerks his index finger to his lips, commenting. “Let’s keep that secret, secret, okay, sweetheart.” He snarls with a loving gesture then remarks mysteriously. “Back you go…Tilly.”
Tilly holds both palms in the air, pondering. “Wait! What did I do to Jake?”
Lucifer details. “Jake has been fully restored to his ‘old’ star quarterback self…(checks his watch)…just in the time to finish the Championship Game, that boy betta do his job…or he gets to deal with…”
“Unk, do not threaten, Jake. I will not like it.” Tilly folds her lean biceps over her T-shirt, using her tiny baby threats on the VIP supernatural bad-boy of the Universe as Lucifer chuckles at her little angel-girl attitude, loving her for being his only blood relative and possessing a tough-as-any-demon-nails personality.
Lucifer remarks playfully. “Chill, Tilly! Jake’s fulfilling his destiny, I promise you. You haven’t interfered with that as a matter of fact I think your assignment’s almost finished. When you get home, tell my baby bro, he’s to bring the steaks next Saturday night for the bomb fire...”
Tilly puzzles. “That’s good! So, what did I do to him? I barely possess a charge or two of my Angel Reserve which means that magic didn’t come directly from my powers…”
Lucifer touches the left side of her chest with an index finger, complimenting. “It came from your heart, Tilly. We…supernatural beings possess un-limited quantities of one Angel reserve, freely shared and viciously fought…love. Your love has sent Jake back to the college campus, playing in the Game and losing...”
“…his memory of me…ain’t that right, Unk?” Tilly eye burns the floor, finishing with that deeply emotional single feeling that she can’t cover up over her heart or her Soul.
Lucifer offers. “I’m sorry, Tilly. That’s the way it is. The Humans must feel that we exist by their other senses…”
“Called Faith, Unk!” Tilly reminds with a sweet smile.
Lucifer grits his teeth like a grizzly bear, barely uttering the sound. “Yes, that cursed word….”
“So, I performed…a wipe out inside Jake’s brain. What’s the Latin term for that?” Tilly inquires.
“Wipe-o!” Lucifer sings in baritone.
Tilly giggles silly, shaking her skull side to side, puffing musically in her bass flute fourth octave ‘D-flat.’ “Naw.”
Lucifer chuckles and repeats the disturbing musical sound in bass tuba. “Naw?” He inquires with curiosity. “What specific barbaric Earth animal specimen uttered that disgusting sound, Tilly? I hoped you killed that thing before it could re-produce.”
Tilly smiles sweetly, bouncing on her tippy toes with delight. “Jake taught me that useful Southern word and to imitate a burping noise by using my hand…once I place it under my armpit.” Tilly lifts her right arm to the ceiling then jerks her left hand under the armpit, readying. “Do you want me to illustrate the maneuver to ya, Unk?”
Beep! Beep! The cell sounds inside his jean’s pocket as he instructs with a fatherly tone. “No time, I’m afraid, Tilly. You need to finish your assignment and report back to…you know where…”
Tilly deflates her wings into tiny pinky-finger-sized points, returning them back into her back muscles as she extends her arms to Lucifer for a Teddy bear hug and paces to his open embrace, suggesting. “Give me a boost, Unk!”
“Sure thing, sweetheart! Good luck, Tilly!” Lucifer greets.
Bama U campus. Football field. 60ºF. Partly cloudy. Sunny. 4:15 pm. Tilly blinks open her eyelashes as she eyeballs burn the dark fabric hiding her view as she swings her finger pads against the material, revealing the baby blue skies then she hears loud cheering from a chorus of musical voices as she uprights at her folded waist, eye burning her environment. She giggles, absorbing a sea of two choice colors, maroon or crimson T-shirts in their parceled sectioned parts of the football stadium as her nostrils locate the delicious hot dogs smell and fresh popcorn odor while she sweeps her cleated feet onto the nature grass from the small metal cot as it squeaks in painfully piggy sounds.
Tilly scrubs her palms over face then down to her football pads as the objects sway on her shoulders as she studies her new crimson jersey with the number seven, smiles, whispering. “Deleo.” She recalls the Latin term for “wipe-out” concluding that Unk didn’t wipe her Angel memory of her assignment as he booted her bee_hind to finish her job in the town of Birmingham, Alabama.
Tilly stands and straightens her white knee pads, protecting her knee caps and jerking up the thick white socks under her knee pads and re-ties her cleats striped over her feet for her football finale as she uprights appearing like a true to form Bama University football kicker.
She strolls to the end of the horizontal line of football players, stepping last next to the male, noting she’s tall for a female at six feet, three inches but she’s a midget here as she giggles.
“Sleeping beauty’s here!” Football Player, next to her, teases then laughs between his animal grunts and viciously punches at her shoulder pads with his strong elbow playfully as he continues storytelling. “How ya feeling, Tilly?” Tilly bobs her skull slightly close enough to a verbal an acknowledgement without using the popular grunt nasal sound like a dying moose as the Football Player continues. “Ya ain’t missed nothin’.” He finger points at the football score board displaying the numbers: Bama U: 00 Bama State U: 00. He barks in bass drum. “And nothin’ the score, can’t get close enough to the goal posts without them red devils shutting us down on offense…”
He punches Tilly’s shoulder pad as she travels to the left, slightly before catching her balance then he continues. “But…be ready, Coach says he’s got a whopper of a sucker punch play, getting us passed that tough defense, straight to the 30 yard line…or 35 at least for your pretty foot to kick. That. Winning. Field. Goal.” Tilly nods with her skull in silence, understanding that Dallas is right, this Championship Game will come down to a single field goal and she feels very nervous with excitement as she re-focuses on the play in action.
Quarterback hicks the football into both hands then back pedals five yards as he searches and searches for an open Tailback, rewarding the Tailback with the flying ball to win the Championship Game as he quickly assesses the fast-paced movement then sees the opening he dreams for as he rears his right arm backwards then pumps the ball into the air as it flies faster than light speed into Rashab’s gloved hands perfectly as he catches the football for the opposing team.
“Aww!” Crowd chants in unison.
“Dang it!” Bama U Football Player next to Tilly violently tosses his helmet onto the grass along with the other upset Bama U players.
Rashab Sims is six feet and one inched, 202 pounds Defensive end for the Bama State University Cougars being tall, smart, fast, and sure-handed to catch balls, jumping in his super-human height as he cradles the Bama U football into chest, slamming his back muscles at the 20 yard line of their own territory for the save as he uprights and tosses his lean body into the group of State Bama U defensive linemen for the mini-dance as the whistle blows from the football referees.
Teams switch sides of game strategy with the Bama University football players trotting into the field defending their position as the Bama State University players huddle off into the sidelines around the Bama State Head Coach for their last minute instructions to win the Championship Game.
Bama U Football Player turns his face to Tilly, updating. “Can’t believe our bad luck! Avoided every offensive play even with Gunter…”
“Jake?” Tilly remembers immediately and cries loudly, scanning her eyeballs for the star quarterback on the opposite side lines of Bama U.
“Jake Gunter is hustling from the locker room. I have big news that Jake is joining the game…,” the football broadcaster announces loudly over the speakers as the crowd cheers.
“Gunter has returned.” Bama U Football Player neck snaps his skull as he watches Jake walk from the dark tunnel, travel into the bright sunlight and then jog to his team mates as Bama U Football Player swings his face back to Tilly as he tattles. “I’m glad you and Gunter survived that kidnapping thing, Tilly but I hoped Jake won’t play in the game…if’an you can understand….”
“Kidnapping thing?” Tilly frowns funny with her screwed eyebrows as she questions.
“Sorry! Doc told us that you might not remember the kidnapping incident. Ya know, when you and Gunter get dumped into that car...together…stolen like some prized Coon hounds, then taken up in the hills overlooking the duck pond near the Henderson’s farm…inside of them old shacks.” Tilly blinks her eyelashes once, twice, and thrice without making any cute animal grunting sounds as Bama U Football Player continues. “Well, ya probably don’t know…anyways like Doc said. Gunter’s girl that pretty thing named…uh…Priscella, she and Gunter’s football buddy named Cecil tried to stop the kidnapping...”
“Priscilla’s hurt?” Tilly questions with concern.
“Naw. Gunter’s girl and his buddy tried…but failed stopping the dudes. Cecil got body slammed against wall with some big bruises and a broken arm he ain’t out there on the field, watching…I guess from one of the skyboxes with Gunter’s Daddy. Ya know, his Daddy’s a billionaire.” Tilly nods her skull in silence, understanding the characters and the play has changed, probably due to her Uncle Lucifer’s Deleo, wipe out of Jake’s brain cells along with Priscella and Cecil.
“And Priscella was she hurt?” Tilly inquires with concern.
“Scared, crying and whaling like a pig at my Mama’s farm.” He laughs. “That dude Cecil with his broken arm called the cops, informing them of ya’ll…disappearing. Then, cops tracked ya’ll down and…the end. Ya back with us…” Bama U Football Player slaps Tilly’s shoulder pad as Tilly slides to the left then he pulls her back toward him, quickly. “Did that hurt, Tilly? I didn’t mean to…”
“What about Gizmo?” Tilly inquires viciously.
“Who…Gizmo?” Bama U Football Player screws his eyebrows, ugly then responds. “O! Ya mean that Gizmo from Bama State, he’s on the field…(finger points at the Center with the number 57).
Huddle. Football field. 4:31 pm. Jake sucks his helmet over his skull, jogging with the exhausted offensive players to the standing boys onto the grass, who work both the defensive and offensive positions as Gizmo steps into Jake’s helmet.
Gizmo calls. “Hope ya can do this, Jake? Can you even see the goal posts?”
“I’m cool, thanks for asking, Gizmo.” Jake reacts friendly then chuckles as he claps his hands for attention as his brain cells click backwards in time.
Jake doesn’t remember…yesterday…the kidnapping event that happened inside his own dorm room as he got whacked on the skull then passed out for the entire duration from taken to rescue, awaking inside the locker room, dressed in his football gear with his Daddy hovering over his sleeping body then tossing his bee_hind off the cot, out of the locker room, into the dark tunnel for saving the day with the winning pass for the Bama State University Cougars.
Jake blinks his eyelids once, twice, then thrice as his alert mind flashes to the present, quoting his instructions to the offensive team mates. “Coach orders the Hail Mary, blowing us straight into the end zone for only score, winning this Championship.” Football player animal grunts sound loudly with the new acknowledgement as the players clap their hands for the finale of the game.
Jake walks toward the Center, placing both hands for hiking the ball as Gizmo slams both finger pads into the dirt watching his parallel man from the Bama U defensive line so he doesn’t over run Gizmo and attack the star quarterback Jake.
Gizmo’s alert mind pops backwards in time…yesterday…when he paid using his personal bank account a couple of dudes to kidnap the new kicker for Bama University Steelers and hold her for the day until the end of the Championship game, guaranteeing the win to State Bama. Then, Cecil got wind of the dirty deed through his girlfriend Tabitha who heard the nasty gossip from the shared information by Priscella since Priscella had contacted her brother, who introduced Gizmo to the two dudes at the Honky Tonk Bar. The entire event blew up faster than nuclear bomb test in Nevada when the dudes learned of Priscilla’s connection to Jake, being a billionaire’s son and decided to their quick-rich-scheme would work.
Jake doesn’t know the truth about the entire dirty deed, since Priscella isn’t going to tattle still wanting to be that pretty NFL wife of a famous quarterback along with the silence-until-death buddy Cecil as Cecil is the hero of the yesterday and has been promised an awesome permanent position until his death in the successful Gunter Industries by Jake’s Daddy for saving Jake’s life, starting after his arm heals while Gizmo shows his talents playing both defensive and offensive positions in the entire game.
Gizmo has more than good odds of being drafted into the NFL as a Center offensive and/or defensive lineman, especially since Jake has missed almost all the playtime, sleeping on his cot in the locker room however Jake has returned and refreshed, readying to toss the future famous pass that’ll win the Championship Game for Bama State University then all the folks throughout US including Coaches, Recruiters, and Owners will remember is Jake and Jake’s Hail Mary as Gizmo snarls then sneers and finally snorts with fury.
If for some odd reason, Jake can’t complete that future pass then Bama U gets the ball and wins the Game, then the NFL Recruiters will remember and be impressed with one lonely defensive lineman performing his awesome best on the line as Gizmo smiles victoriously.
“Hike.” Jake calls, curving his hands around the ball, back stepping from the scrimmage line, looking for Rashab for the Hail Mary pass in the end zone.
Gizmo kicks his left foot backwards into the air as his large body tilts slightly to the left when the Bama U lineman grunts between his mouth protector and takes advantage of Gizmo’s mistake as the Bama U lineman plows his fists and feet through Gizmo, knocking Gizmo down into dirt, lowering his helmet as a missile into Jake’s rib cage, hitting accurately his target as Jake loses freely the football and bows respectfully at his waist to the Bama U lineman.
The second Bama U lineman follows closer behind his buddy through the scrimmage line, then slams his helmet into the low hanging pose of Jake’s protected skull as Jake flies like a birdie backwards in the air waves about five yards then lands painfully on his bee_hind and flips beautifully his body using his skull, finally resting on his bruised rib cage in a puff of white powder from the 25 yard line marker.
Whistles blow from referees loudly. Medical cot invades the field swiftly. All players curse, fight, and strike folded fists against opposing jaws and shoulder pads quickly.
Tilly stares in horror at the tragic game play as she steps her right cleat onto the grass to assist  Jake then the Coach grabs forcefully her forearm, commanding. “Tilly, get out onto the field. We got the fumbled bouncing ball…(chuckles)…time to win the game. We’ll be marked on the 25 yard line, that’s a breeze for your leg. Your time’s has come, kiddo. Make me proud!” He instructs into her eardrum as he drags her across the side line then tosses her bee_hind into the grass as she turns to face his smiling grin.
Tilly nods her skull in silence then flips her body toward the loose huddle of Bama U players as the referee marks the placement of the football at the 25 yard line then the medical cot with the striped unconscious and bleeding Jake moves off the grass as Tilly studies his medical condition but can’t access his bio condition since her Angel Reserve is almost gone as she bumps into the tall hard muscle of steel.
“Tilly.” Baritone trombone rumbles and smiles down into her face, embracing her with both steel biceps, wearing a crimson jersey with the number ‘13’ representing a quarterback for the Bama University Steel Bolt who handles the football during any play.
Tilly screws her eyebrows, ugly then names. “Dallas, what…are you doing here dressed like a…?”
“…football player. Ya got guts, doll, stealing my idea.” Dallas laughs then swings both of them towards the developing huddle.
“This is cheating…,” Tilly dumps into his left eardrum as she approaches the players, pondering if a ‘real’ Angel with ‘real’ Angel powers helps the ‘real’ Human football team win the ‘real’ game, someone is ‘really’ going to get very ‘real’ angry at both of the Angels.
Dallas grunts like a wounded animal, lecturing. “Naw, doll. Ya used about 99.999% of your Angel Reserve…” He stops inside the middle of the team huddle, addressing the players in a loud baritone trombone with supernatural authority. “Tilly kicks the ball for the winning score. Everyone find a man and block him or…” He snaps his neck muscles and winks his eyelid, right at Tilly so the players can’t see then flips his skull back to the team, threatening deadly. “…else?” Players grunt in vicious animal sounds as they clap hands together, moving into their assigned positions along the scrimmage line.
Dallas leads Tilly seven yards from the Center for hiking the ball as Tilly whines in piccolo soprano first octave b-flat. “I’m nervous.”
“You’re talented, doll.” Dallas winks at Tilly as he drops to his knee onto the grass, holding both hands out to catch the flying ball from the Center as Tilly measures her cleated feet the required two steps back and three steps sideways, lining her body for whacking the football between the goal posts.
Whistle blows loudly as the clock tick-tocks steady when Bo, Faithful-angel from Heaven materializes in his white Battle gear, standing right in front of Dallas’ face with his arms akimbo.
Dallas orders, watching the Center between empty spaces of Bo’s forearms as the play commences. “Form up, Bo.”
Bo shouts with fury, not moving from his planted position with a quick lecture. “Dallas, may I remind you…”
Dallas watches the Center as he insults then chuckles with Bo sneering. “You such a Mama dawg…Bo.”
Bo continues to sneer as he warns Dallas, still standing in front of Dallas, blocking the play. “You and…specifically you are in big trouble…boy…”
Dallas watches the Center, offering. “I gots permission, bro.”
Bo barks like a yelping puppy, questioning. “Permission to jump to Earth by whom, Dallas?”
Dallas shifts his left hand in the air then rudely points his index finger pass Bo’s waist as Bo neck snaps his skull, glancing behind his shoulder as he sees the tall Angel, wearing black wings and black Battle gear, announcing shockingly. “Tilly’s Daddy.” Azrael, Arch-angel of the Death-angels, blood-father of Tilly, and blood-brother of Lucifer nods his skull in silence at both grinning Dallas and stunned Bo.
Dallas orders. “Suit up, Bo.”
Bo sings in bass drum. “Right.” He snaps an index finger and thumb pad together as his clothes change into a crimson jersey with the number ‘60’ as he shifts his body behind the scrimmage line as a Free Safety, hovering beside the Center away from the flying football towards Dallas.
“Don’t let them defensive ends get Tilly.” Dallas warns to Bo since the “real” Angels are present by permission of her Daddy to protect Tilly since her almost exhausted Angel Reserve can’t do the proper job, meaning that she’s in 99.999% Human form without her Angel-powers and can become hurt, injured, bleeding, or something more deadly.
“Covered, man!” Bo acknowledges his new short and sweet assignment to protect almost Human Tilly and his buddy Dallas as well.
Dallas yells. “Hike.” Center pitches the ball as Dallas catches with both hands and swiftly places the ball onto the grass at the tip end, holding it upright with his index finger then neck snaps his skull to Tilly, commands. “Kick it, Angel.”
Tilly slumps her skull towards the ground, then steps her right foot, her left foot and pops the ball with her right foot as it beautifully sails like birdie in air, gliding perfectly between Bama State’s goal posts as the clock counts down the last three seconds to end the game.
Bama U wins 3 to 0 over the Bama State U as the crowds go wild and crazy with cheers, claps, whistles and musical instruments.
Tilly watches the ball fly between the goals as she jumps into the air, striking her fists at the empty space then sees her Daddy as he nods his skull, smiles at her, then disappears his Angel form back into Heaven as she watches Dallas stand and clap at her awesome Human performance as she strolls to share an innocent Teddy bear hug with the Fallen angel, whispering. “We just changed history, Dallas.”
Dallas ensures….with way too much confidence, releasing her from the Teddy bear hug. “Naw, doll Bama U is fated to win…always.”
“Ya knew.” Tilly twists her lips, ugly with parked fists on her hips at Dallas, commenting.
“I knows everything, doll.” Dallas remarks with a self-importance smirk as he strikes the small wooden match, displaying elegantly a fiery red flame, holding the fresh cigarette in his other hand, engaging in his nasty teen habit when he lived on Earth as a Human before rescued by his Heavenly bro then he eye burns Bo, puzzling. “Not stopping me, Bo.”
Bo smiles as he shakes his black skull side to side, returning his clothes into his white Battle gear, encouraging. “Go ahead, man.”
“I’m ready.” Tilly calls, toting the flimsy electric blue blob between her arms as she smiles at the gooey monster since her Daddy’s has also un-bundled her Angel-power, releasing the Ligo as she reverts back into a Death-angel for her assignment.
Dallas gently places the cigarette between his lips as he lights without fanfare as he deeply inhales then violently coughs, spitting viciously both the cigarette and his messy drooling saliva onto the grass as he eye burns the burning cigarette, frowning with twisted lips, mysteriously then neck snaps his skull to Bo, finger pointing at him, accusing. “You…”
Bo stands beside Dallas as he obnoxiously laughs then powerfully slaps his folded fist into Dallas’ bicep, professing. “You’re an Angel, man. No foreign toxins can invade your precious Angel DNA…for…ever…more.” Dallas growls like a wound animal, eye burning the sizzling cigarette as Bo lectures and chuckles boldly. “Say bye-bye to another Human bad habit, Dallas.”
They slowly body spin to Tilly as they witness Tilly morphing the blue blob with both hands and finger pads into a human shape then the Shape takes on the exact blue duplication of Jake Gunter as Bo neck snaps his skull to the football sidelines of the Bama State University players, seeing the Coaches, Players, Doctors, and the family members hover over the left over dead biological shell of Jake Gunter as he and Dallas to stand before Tilly.
Bo frowns his face at the Shape, naming. “Jake?”
“Yeah.” Spirit Jake neck snaps his blue skull to Bo, answer slowly as he rotates his blue neck muscles to Bo then the sky, the grass and returns his blue eyeballs to Tilly as smile with blue teeth then he scans his clothing, pressing his blue hand onto the white thick vest over the white long sleeved T-shirt then to the white pants, and finally spots the white cowboy boots, inquiring. “Boots?”
“More durable and cute…too boot.” Tilly winks flirtatiously as she holds his hand very friendly and giggles.
“Rattlers or gators?” Dallas demands curtly.
Bo orders commandingly. “Shut up, Dallas.”
“Just making conversation with the new…Spirit.” Dallas neck spins his skull to miffed Bo, smiling wickedly.
“Tilly…put…?” Bo starts slowly.
Tilly places her soft hands onto Jake’s blue face then tenderly kisses his gooey lips but feels his intense duplicate single emotion of love as the same experience inside the woodlands cabin during their kidnapping by the evil Humans as Jake smiles with blue teeth, eye burning her face.
Dallas grins goofy at the young love birds, leaning his jaw into Bo’s snarling lips, suggesting. “Now’s not a good time for chatting. Bo.”
Bo starts, twice. “Tilly…put…?”
“You really are an Angel.” Jake talks, while hugging her body, feeling her same emotions.
“We….ya mean….really are Angels…both of us.” Tilly cocks her skull in the direction of the wailing Humans over the dead empty bio-shell of the former Jake Gunter.
Jake watches for a few seconds, concluding with a pained emotion for his Daddy and Mama, empties incompletely. “I’m really…”
“….an Angel.” Tilly fills happily, bouncing on her tippy toes with happiness as she holds Jake’s blue arm twisting inside her hands.
Bo struts then stands perpendicular to both, Tilly and Jake, frowning with his twisted lips at the young Angel, being the senior Angel over the Graceling as he lectures. “Tilly, this isn’t a good idea. As a matter of fact, it’s a very bad idea.” He swiftly scans his eyeballs at the overhead white clouds looking for any wandering Demons in which he and Dallas will have to fight to protect the Soul, Jake then orders. “Morph him back to…”
Tilly gazes into Jake’s blue eye balls while debating nasty. “This is my assignment, Bo. I’m leader. I decide.” She neck snaps her skull to Dallas, ordering. “I strongly suggest you protect your ward…here...on the Earth plane….”
Dallas stands with his fists on his hip and screws his eyebrows, ugly. “Ward, I ain’t his ward, doll.” He eye burns Bo, correcting. “I ain’t no ward, bro.”
Bo calls and smiles wickedly at Dallas, teasing. “You’re Robin Hood, man.”
“Dallas means he’s Robin to your Batman, Bo.” Tilly clarifies the statement, giggling along with Jake at the lame joke.
“I’m senior…,” Bo informs to Tilly.
Dallas still complains with the funny insult from Tilly. “No, I ain’t nobody’s red Robin, bro.”
“Change the Soul back into…” Bo orders as he jabs his index finger at Tilly.
“Woof! Woof!” Dog talk echoes from the side of the football stadium bleachers as the Angel faces spin towards the dog sounds. The Blue tick coon dog rolls around the corner, running directly at Jake.
Jake drops to his kneecaps as the dog gallops into his open arms, smelling the familiar odor. “Jimbo, what’da ya doing here?” He scratches the dog’s ear as he ponders. “Jimbo, he came here to say good-bye.” Jake wraps his blue arms about the dog’s neck muscles. “I…miss…,” Jake chokes with the strong feelings of love for his best friend since a little kid.
Tilly kneecaps on the grass, patting tenderly doggie’s ears with her hand, inquiring. “Jake…what do you remember on the night of the kidnapping inside your dorm room?”
Jake uprights his skull from the dog’s neck, eye burning the grass, pondering. “Not much, I got hit in the head then passed out…until awaking here at the stadium.” He eye burns Tilly, wondering. “What else happened? I don’t know the full story.”
“You’ll find that out, later once we return to Heaven since we’re Angels.” Tilly explains as Jake nods his skull in silence then she continues. “The males entered into your dorm room, walking thought the apartment searching for you, Jake….”
“Naw, not possible. Jimbo guards my property and me…,” Jake tattles as Tilly shakes sideway her skull then Jake puzzles. “I…am kinda confused…here, Tilly. Jimbo guards…”
“Jim’s a very good guard dog, Jake.” She pats tenderly his skull and continues. “He not only guarded you but he took a knife cut for you when the mean Humans fought with him near the bed frame then they made their way into the kickboxing ring where we fought them..”
Jake shows blue tears from his blue eye sockets. “Jimbo…is dead but he’s colored like a real Coonie…”
“Tilly, listen to me…,” Bo orders, while standing over Tilly with his arms akimbo.
Tilly neck snaps her skull up to Bo and commands nasty. “Hush, Bo.” Bo eye burns Dallas as Dallas roars with laughter at the frustrated senior Warrior-angel who can’t control a youngling Death-angel then Dallas dancing a jig on the grass in celebration.
Tilly storytells. “Jimbo has been waiting for you to return to the dorm tower, Jake. His Soul is very, very close to expiring using the last of his energy to come back to you.” Jim lays on his side as he barely breathes air into his lungs with the knife wound bleeding from his neck onto the grass as Jake tenderly pats his skull as Tilly shares. “Jim can come with us…if you accept and care for his Heavenly Soul like you did on the Earth plane, Jake.”
“Jimbo can be an Angel with us.” Jake guesses, nodding his skull at Tilly.
Tilly smiles and nods at his request as she strokes Jim’s soft coat with her one hand. “Yes, he’ll become our newest Angel-dog.”
“Yes, please may it so, Tilly. Can you do that? Are you allowed to do that?” Jake hopes with no understanding of all that is happening to him.
“Naw, she ain’t.” Bo corrects as he stands over her with his arms akimbo, knowing that there are special collectors of expired animals which are different from the human Death-angels.
“Yes, I can do that I just needed your permission being his master on Earth since you cared for him as a pet. Now, Jimbo will be our pet in Heaven.” Tilly smiles at Jake then neck snaps her skull at Bo, commanding. “Is that right, Bo?”
Bo stares her down with dancing baby blues without physical consequences or vicious words since she’s a Death-angel then Tilly returns her eyeballs to Jim as she gingerly touches the dog. Jim’s breathing suddenly ceases as a small blue blob pops beside his Blue tick Coonie bio-shell. Tilly touches and molds with her hands the blue into a dog shape as the Shape leaps happily upon his four blue paws with sharp blue tiny toenails and he wiggles a blue tail and barks at Tilly and Jake then Shape runs around the squatted couple as they laugh at Jim’s performance.
Tilly and Jake stand and face the western sunset as Jim barks, runs, and paths into the bright light for his new home in Heaven along with the trailing Dallas and Bo as Bo judges nasty in his bass drum. “Tilly…you have broken about 118 rules that I can count with my eyeballs which doesn’t include the ones that I gotta look up in the rule book. Once, I’m back at Central, I am going….”
Tilly gracefully body dances around the blind side of Jake’s skull in a backward motion, facing Bo then swiftly shoves her hand with a particular finger pad extension into the air as Dallas roars with laughter, uncontrollably.
Bo suddenly stops walking then rudely finger points at Tilly as he mumbles softly. “Did she…?”
“….flip you…the universal majestic bird. I believe our little girl’s all grown up.” Dallas clarifies happily, chuckling as they walk towards the light, complimenting. “I like Tilly. She’s a rebel…like me.”
Bo mutters under his breathe, uncomplimentary. “No one’s like ya, man.”
“Got that right, bro.” Dallas pats his ego as he continues to smile brightly, strutting towards the light.
Heaven. Infinity. space and time. Five Angels beautifully lounge upon three soft cushy Carmel creamy-colored couches with their wings spread-eagle and line or entwine straight pen legs comfortably outstretched and warmed by solar sunrays from the intensively heated red and yellow flames of a nearby galaxy as voices whisper softly into eardrums with sweet words of love and happiness while one single TV device blares loudly.
An Angel enters the rectangular room as he wiggles an index finger at the blaring TV device magically powering the equipment “off” as Dallas growls like a wounded animal in deep baritone trombone. “Argus….”
Argus shifts to the newest Angel and extends his hand while he intros nicely with proper social manners taught by his Angel-Dad. “Welcome, Jake. I’m…”
“First born of Saint Michael.” Dallas punts annoyingly as he smirks slightly while beating the Prince-angel to the sucker punch.
Argus neck snaps his skull to him, calling out. “Angels only have one child, Dallas.”
“That…I know very well, Argus.” Dallas comments without eyeball contact as he joyously sips on his cold beer, zapping the TV devise back to the ‘on’ position with an index finger with the low volume level setting while watching the two football teams pound each player and ball. He wears in disrespect like always his battle vest un-zipped and wings stored inside his back muscles accumulating wet sweat and stinky perspiration.
“Dallas…,” Bo names reprimanding his ward. “I told ya…”
“Hey, Argus…,” Lithany, Messenger-angel greets sweetly in her smooth alto oboe while tenderly patting her soft furry red-skulled Persian as kitty purrs between her arms walking casually into the lounge area with her cute strawberry blonde bobbed hair, glowing pale skin over Ruby red lips and big aqua doe eyes inside her oval face on her slender six feet even Angel frame. Her wings bounce evenly in tones of warm lavender, sunshine yellow, and bright hot pink swirls curving perfectly around her Angel wings from tilt to tip behind a background of sparkling Navy blue and follows by Lystra, Warrior-angel.
The Warrior-angel swirls the silver twinkling sword in a figure eight pattern with the precious jeweled encrusted hilt in her folded left fist as she sharpens her new warrior fight skills since Warrior-angels sleep with their weapon as part of their body. Her saber is half of her height of six feet and five inches, measuring 38.5 inches, or 3.2 feet of a long slick silver Angel-steel. Lystra twirls ahead of her best friend Carole, a Guardian-angel.
“Stow the saber, Lystra!” Argus commands in drum bass selecting one of three Carmel-colored love seats situated between the lounge chairs parking his bee_hind as black wings etched in a tiny ring of silver gleam in the sunlight while observing the young and ambitious Graceling…(baby Angel)…since this particular Warrior-angel enjoys…way too much conflict and chaos with her un-friendly ugly verbal woo towards the other girl-Angels and boy-Angels.
Lystra flips the saber one more time…defiantly then parks the deadly tool into her side saddle waist leather sheath as she twists her hair into long braids, modeling both thick hair strands and high cheekbones complimenting her sister and brother Angels from her celestial Warrior flock. Her dark brown hair and dark skin represents the strength and might when her kin fought the vile and vicious Humans at the Tower of Babylonia. Lystra slides onto the middle love seat, chuckling in alto saxophone while she eye burns her best friend Carole, Guardian-angel who giggles with silliness then covers her hands completely over grinning pink lips.
“Do ya think Charran’s coming to this VIP meeting, Lystra?” Carole softly whispers noting the different types of Angels inside the medium-sized room with glittering white walls and reddish-yellow sun beams reflecting off the different types of wings.
Wing colorations are important datum in distinguishing the major roles of Celestial assignments. Blacks are Warrior angels while the more experienced Warriors are decorated with a single or many streaks of multi-bands of colors, blending the colors like a rank of awesomeness power as weaker Angels learn to respect that rank. Silver is Death-angels since Deathers are off limits to Humans, Angels and some Aliens living within the God’s Galaxy.
Messengers are multi-colored and multi-patterned since Metatron Arch-angel of Messenger-angels likes lots of creativity within the flock. Blue and pink coat the wings of Life-angels but the overall effect is more like a shield since their wings are white underneath the pastel coloring until they graduate into a new assignment and step up into a new circle.
Lystra slurs curtly. “ ‘Course.” She observes silver-skulled Tilly and the new Death-angel silver-haired Jake in the corner lounge chair as they both ignore the visitors and visitation of invading Angels.
Their inflated glittering feathers twinkle like a set of tiny diamonds in the bright sunlight as their wings twitch slightly back and forth as the love bugs giggle and whisper to each other wearing the familiar white long sleeved T-shirt covered in the white battle vest paired with white jeans under their black cowboy boots.
“Greenie…meanie, approacheth!” Dallas wickedly calls and smiles showing a set of perfect white teeth while known among the flock as the Fallen-angel. He’s has grown since lounging lazy and long in Heaven into six feet and eight inches of mesomorph body type with squared board shoulders, straight blonde hair with bangs on his handsomely perfect heart face with piercing baby blue eyeballs, olive skin then snorts as Bo neck snaps his skull to project a ugly facial reprimand to his Heavenly ward.
“Deflate, kids.” Blonde-haired and blue-eyed seven feet tall Saint Michael booms in baritone trombone while he tucks his solid black wings etched in sparkling diamond-jeweled rings into his back muscles. He stomps in midnight covered black composed of the Heaven-issued battle vest, long-sleeved T-shirt, jeans, and creative rattlesnake-skinned green emerald cowboy boots while he struts manly into the lounge room. He materializes five oversized beige chairs then pivots soldierly towards the teens and calmly sits on the edge of the padded chair holding an electronic device between his finger pads while watching the gathering.
Arch-angel Michael is head of the War-angels as he continuously battles against evil and continuously defeats Satan while acting as the protector of Humans and delivering gifts of patience, courage, ambition, and motivation to strong and weak Souls. He’s known as the Prince of Angels.
White T-shirt under properly zipped white battle vest with white jeans that tuck over green and black cowboy boots, he talls at six feet and six inches with white-blonde hair that parts right, baby blue eyes on a chiseled triangular face of tawny gold. Argus roller balls baby blue pupils into skull as he twists his pink lips, ugly then academically informs to the snot-hole. “Father’s wings are green Emerald only when viewed by Souls, Dallas.”
“Blob, blob, blob.” Black wings swish left then right etched in thickly silver-ringed outline as they suck into his back muscles while he marches behind St. Michael. Black-headed and bronze-skinned with violet-colored eyeballs of seven feet and two inches muscular Gabriel tartly puffs while strutting manly through the archway, sitting beside Michael.
Gabriel is the next highest ranking Arch-angel, representing mercy and hope to Humans. He’s known as the Patron Saint of Communications. Babylonian legend tells that Gabriel fell from God’s Grace for not obeying one single celestial command exactly as given and remained outside the Heavenly curtain for a long time. His primary assignment is to select the Souls from the Heavenly nursery to be birthed into the material world and spends the next nine months guiding the Soul as the babe is being developed inside the Mommy’s womb by informing the new person of what he or she will need to know on Earth only to silence the babe before the physical birth by pressing his index finger pad onto the child's lips, thus producing the cleft below a person's nose.
“Master of mercy and muscles.” Bo presents quietly into Tina’s eardrums as she stares at the tall, large, and heavily muscled Gabriel then she grins with a toothy smile at Bo.
Tina softly comments without the flashy finger pointing. “Baby blue colors on his…cowboy boots.”
Bo explains. “Ya know, an Angel has symbols like flowers, colors, or rocks. Gabriel has the symbol of the Lily flower, the trumpet as instrument, the moonstone rock, and the color scheme of baby blue.” He pauses for drama and grins really silly as he smirks his lip upright, left then softly talks in her eardrum. “And…I don’t ask him…why.” Tina giggles girly then presents a dead pan face as Raphael rapidly rushes into the room while deflating his pure black wings with silver outline into his back muscles towards the chair next to Gabriel while Bo continues. “Watch, you’ll see. Each Arch-angel possesses black wings and each with a distinguishing row of silver. That’s their rank of awesomeness. Did ya see how Michael’s ring is slightly wider than Gabriel’s?” Tina bobs her skull silently viewing the parade of in-coming staff members belonging to the High Command as Bo continues. “And Raphael has alligator-skinned purple patches within his black cowboy boots with a round toe. That’s his theme color purple for healing. Ya know, where the color purple comes from?”
Raphael is head of Guardian angels and is known as Patron of Travelers and Medicine. He’s the healer of all diseases of Humans given to him by Jesus Christ, the Great Healer.
“Yes.” Tina words softly.
Bo educates additionally into Tina’s eardrum since she missed 100 years of Angeldom while being captured and trapped on Planet Earth by former Fallen-angel and current Faithful-angel Dallas. “Raphael taught Solomon how to bind demons into slave labor during the building of Solomon’s Temple.”
Metatron is head of the Messenger-angels and acts as the Heavenly scribe by recording every event since the beginning of time along with the divine mysteries of Angeldom. He possesses 1,500 keys written in secret and arcane language of Angels inside the metatronic cube that stores the Divine blueprint of creation.
Bo enlightens. “Metatron was the Angel that prevented Abraham from sacrificing Isaac to God. I wonder if he wore his ostrich-skinned yellow and black cowboy boots to the Heavenly affair.” Then, he chuckles lightly as Tina giggles in his face.
Uriel is Arch-angel of salvation, the flame of God and is known as the Patron of Arts as he stands at the Gate of Eden with his red fiery sword watching over with thunder and terror.
Bo storytells. “Uriel rescued Jesus’ cousin John the Baptist from the evil King Herod on Earth…a long time ago using his flaming sword. That’s why he’s got red lizard-skinned patches covering his black leather cowboy boots.” Tina nods her skull up and down with the confirmation then sees Azrael strut manly through the archway.
“Azrael…,” Bo dumps into her face.
Tina softly whispers while staring at Azrael in black battle gear and python-skinned black cowboy boots along with his silver twinkling shades of shoulder-length hair matching his silver Angel wings while he sashays smoothly in the air waves marching towards Michael. “I know the head Angel of Death, Bo. Every Human, Animal, Angel, and a few Aliens know the familiar Death Angel.”
Death-angels possess long lengths of silver curly hair and silver swirling eyeballs that cut into their golden colored skin with huge and strong silver glittering wings, giving them a permanent “halo effect” which protects them from all Demons. Their descending Angel forms appear as horizontally streaking whitish-yellow stars across the dark blackness night sky of Earth while performing their primary duty of collecting dead Souls. Their silver tinted hair and ghostly eyes drain their pure emotions and feelings from their active minds, protecting them from any invasion of Demon tricks or treats as both supernatural beings travel atmospherically to Planet Earth.
Tilly leans into Tina’s eardrum and brilliantly illustrates. “Think it: Michael’s the leader. Gabriel’s the general. Raphael’s the healer. Metatron’s the brain. Uriel’s the rescuer. And my Daddy’s the end of everything….”
Michael stands from the chair to lecture the teens while Azrael parks at his left elbow, not for glory or purpose but as the head Angel of Death he likes to stand with folded biceps over his chest keeping his menacing public image updated at all times as Michael smirks with amusement then nods his skull slightly to his fellow Angel-brothers. “Thank you for coming, Angels.” Michael turns his face towards the teens. “Teens…ya’ll are here…to participate in…a…Holy Treasure Hunt…sorta. We hunt for the lost tiny creation babes from our Heavenly nursery transported by Life-angels inside their precious baby carriers which are composed of cloud puffs of condensed air and dry moisture. The auras around the baby carriers present as pink for females and blue for males….”
Open palm and dirty finger pads swiftly whip above his inflated 25 feet wing tips since he likes disobeying celestial commands on purpose and for fun. “Hold up!” Dallas rumbles in deep baritone trombone then comments with disrespect. “Me….ain’t no Life-angel unless ya need glasses. And ya don’t. Since, Angels possess perfect 100% vision, Michael. I tested and passed my Opus Sanctorum Angelorum. See my wings…even if they’re baby ‘embarrassing’ blue….”
“Stand down, Dallas. Let Father finish his practiced and prepared speech.” Argus harshly nags in deep bass drum as Dallas swiftly stands with twisted lips, ugly, folding muscled biceps over his un-zipped battle vest while eye burning the bossy first born baby Prince of Arch-angel Michael.
Michael present duck lips, ugly then boldly re-starts. “This isn’t another wing test, Dallas. Used too, during death…if the Soul is lost and confused, an Angel can claim the Soul for good while a Demon can claim it for evil, then the Soul is battled over like a prized trophy. If the Warrior-angel wins battle, the Soul goes to Heaven along the Guardian-angel. If the Demon rules the Soul becomes the property of Hell along with Guardian-angel as a slave in Hell because, the Warrior-angel is dead turned into Angel Dust.” Dallas slightly nods his skull forward with the concept while remaining silent as Michael announces. “Update….things have changed…totally.” He eye burns Argus as Argus slightly nods his skull tilting it forward with the new information while silent then Michael bravely commands. “We…are searching, seeking, hunting, and taking back HIS Heavenly babes from Satan.”
Dallas whips single palm upright, again then academically narrates based on his extensive Angeldom knowledge. “Hold up! The only rootin’ tootin’ way that can happen is if the Adiabel…”
“The Adiabel has self-sacrificed.” Michael eye burns Dallas and sharply updates as Dallas smacks eyelids upright then cuts his eye balls to Argus with hissing gritted teeth. Argus edges his body on the love seat alone while his elbows planted on top of kneecaps, eye burning the shimmery tile then he sighs and breathes, heavily.
Dallas swings his skull back at Michael and rumbles in deep baritone trombone. “That act has to done…”
“….on the eighteen.” Michael sadly fills while watching emotional charged Dallas.
Six feet and six inches figure with ripped and ready bulging biceps and triceps leans an arm towards Argus from the parallel lounge chair as black with bright blue shimmering naturally wavy hair parted on left side with black whiskers dusting his peachy-pale handsome face and dreamy baby blue eyes eyeballs of Bo watches Argus. Argus sighs and breathes heavily while the other arm of Bo gently touches Argus’ shoulder then Bo ear burns a set of soft secret words at the lobes. Argus nods his skull in silent as Dallas spins 180 degrees pivoting towards the wall and violently kicks his right cowboy boot into the material leaving a big hole then viciously slams his folded right fighting fist into the upper wall for second bigger hole as he swings his body towards the archway, storming outside the room.
Michael eye gleams disappearing Dallas into the dark hallway and narrates anyways. “He’ll be back. A most unique and unusual Heavenly miracle has occurred little brothers and sisters…now…our Life-angels are safe to transport babes down to Earth.”
“No more Crimson Tails?” Tilly inquires with relief.
When a Guardian-angel fails, the bottom of their white feathers tails drinks the blood of the lost Life-angel as it disintegrates into nothingness with a visual illusion that their newly Blood-red Crimson-color absorbs the life form while clashing beautifully against the once pure white feathers of the “defeated” Heavenly Angel.
“I didn’t say that.” Michael shakes his skull side to side and answers with a vague response.
“You didn’t explain it either, Michael.” Bo dumps with confusion holding Tina’s hand very tightly with love and passion and a little bit of fear since she’s a Guardian-angel.
“Crimson Tails will no longer be created…from our end. Satan has his Demons…always will.” Michael words mysteriously then continues the lecture. “In the meantime, it has been….arranged…way too conveniently that we…Angels…are being allowed to take the Heavenly babes from their holding bondage. However…(holds the 5 inches x 6 inches mobile telephone with tiny screen in the air)…there’s a catch. Satan has provided lousy directions…like always…” Laughter and giggles invade the room immediately from both the Arch-angels and teen Angels as Michael continues. “….using sorted evil riddles and encrypted creepy clues. Honestly, I’ve punched, poked, and probed this cell and I can’t for the eternal life of me…figure out the location of the babies…(holds palm upright)…and there’s more baddie news.” He pauses for drama and smiles then presents dead pan face and announces. “The arrangement must be fulfilled by Angels, no go with our big hitting Arch-angels. Yes. I do possess telepathy. Any types of Angels can play in the celestial treasure box including Warrior and Death. As we…Angels know they are the most commonly used Angel forces during un-civil naughty, not nice go around the bend short-term Heaven-Hell battles.” Teens and Arch-angels chuckle and giggle as Michael waits for silent then continues. “The second part of the catch is that some of the searching Angels must be off springs of big, baddie Archangels.” Air nosily gasps while eyelids and eyelashes smack upright then animal grunts echo heavily inside the enclosed room.
Gabriel nods his skull up and down while slapping his kneecaps with the large palm for attention then stands upright beside Michael, entertaining. “Yeah, it sucks. But, that’s why we’re created.” Laughter and giggles from the capture audience as Gabriel continues. “Michael, as usually on baby’s breathe and eagle’s wings takes….way too long to reach the final Revelations bonus round answer for ya’ll little sweet tarts. Heavenly babes are located inside Eve’s Tomb.”
Michael boldly updates based on the pre-set terms of the hunt. “And ya’ll can’t use your Angel powers….(holds palms up)…I will repeat for waxed-filled eardrums. You cannot…use your super duper awesome Angel powers to uncover the secret location of Eve’s Tomb. Some of ya’ll are gifted with multiple talents which is granted by HIM. Once, I place my gifted hand upon your wing, all of ya’ll…will possess talents equally….more or less for this very special assignment. This concept is…”
“Ligo.” Dallas shouts as he steps back into the room leaning his bulk against the archway with folded biceps.
Michael compliments while nodding his skull at him. “Correct, Dallas. The Latin term means ‘to bundle, to tie, and to bind’ your Angel-magic tightly by a Celestial process which is administrated by a higher Entity than you…for a number of reasons, in this case for any and all Human avoidance and protection while completing this assignment on Planet Earth.”
Gabriel adds with a serious face and accompanying musical timbre in baritone trombone. “Which translates that ya’ll got the flying and fighting skills. However, telepathy is…gone. Projection is gone. Invisibility is gone. And…your healing powers are bye-bye.”
“Soo…much for the great Patron of Communication with the US Postal Workers.” Dallas surly words then chuckles lightly facing the dangerous assignment as he eye examines the baby Angels sitting on the edges of their chairs that seem to be shaking their kneecaps under the white jeans.
Michael starts slowly, “You see….”
Dallas shouts. “I see….very clearly.”
“See what, Dallas?” Michael twists lips, ugly as he questions.
“Gabriel and Michael are the pigeon carries of messages concerning matters important to Souls, exclusively.” Dallas words mysteriously.
“I don’t understand, Dallas.” Gabriel concludes in confusion parking fists onto his waist.
Dallas finger points at Michael, calling out. “Pigeon…,” Then, he eye burns at Gabriel shifting his index finger and shouts. “Poop.” Michael slightly smirks with curved lips in amusement while Gabriel laughs with a hardy tone joined by the other Arch-angels and teens.
Gabriel compliments nodding his skull at Dallas. “The boy’s smart.”
“Can’t fight a war with cowards or …,” Michael empties.
“Crows.” Gabriel finishes as he chuckles.
Dallas subject changes for fun. “Ya see, Michael’s part of the council of jury judging Souls on Judgment Day when the prophecy for Humans are fulfilled. Do you gentlemen care to share the end of time?” Then, he chuckles.
“Daddy, without our healing power we cannot….,” Tilly worries with deep concern.
Azrael lectures his Angel-blood daughter with a stern face. “You’re a Death-angel, Tilly. Death is a natural component of the cosmic.”
“Feel special, doll?” Dallas annoys while he chuckles as the baby Angels shuffle around the chairs in their sweaty white underwear.
“There are three conditions…,” Michael dumps.
“That translates into three restrictions…,” Tilly clarifies to the teens.
Dallas shares while traveling back towards his lounge chair for the teens. “Everything comes in three’s, doll. Hope, love, faith. Man, woman, child. Peanut butter and jelly.”
“That’s four words, Dallas.” Bo lightly teases then chuckles and grins with a toothy smile while hugging Tina.
“Ya never count or capitalize propositions, bro.” Dallas plops into the empty lounge chair re-positioning the small TV device onto his lap as teens chuckle at his silly conversation with Bo.
“No super angels. No super powers. No super allies. The riddle begins with…,” Michael starts as he eye burns Gabriel nodding his skull with confirmation.
“I know….only here for my muscles.” Gabriel completes then laughs sitting back down into the chair.
“No, here for your opinion.” Michael modifies as he nods his skull at Gabriel to begin.
Gabriel slaps palms to kneecaps and talks loudly. “Listen up! Ya’ll must use the physical material resources on Earth to find the tomb and locate the babies…”
“I rather remove my toe nails by manual steel pliers’ torture.” Dallas amuses while watching his TV devise.
“Since, you only possess a limited Angel Reserve pack….for survival and can’t accumulate material values like gold, silver, or frankincense.” Arch-angels and teen chuckle with amusement as Gabriel concludes. “Michael, please illustrate the first clue.”
Michael sighs and breathes deeply then details fully. “The physical rock structure home of Noah existed harmoniously before the flood. The day before rounding and corralling all these stinky animals by manual maneuvers, and then the collection by hand and wing the big and small rock particles shifting that bloody mess through, around, and into that crowded Ark, someone finally noticed after 100,000 years later that one of them danged blessed granites got missed in the intergalactic move.”
“The black stone of Holy Kaaba.” Dallas names perfectly shaking his blonde skull side to side which enjoying the football game while pondering the mysterious location of the stone.
“Told ya, the boy’s smart.” Gabriel concludes as he grins with a toothy smile then orders. “Finish it for me, Dallas.”
“As the flood waters rose, the Angel-builders restructured Noah’s house determining swiftly that one small fragment was missing. Well, the Angel supervisor-on-duty made an executive decision not to inform the Higher-Powers-That-Beat his butt.” Teens chuckle and giggle with humor as Dallas continues. “Centuries later, a single lucky son-of-a-gun Human stumbles upon the show piece stained black…not white.” He pauses for drama then continues. “Throughout years, decades, and centuries, the Heavenly remnant left alone in Mother Nature’s cookie jar on Earth had been blackened by the sins of Humans.”
Bo quickly doesn’t understand. “Whoa the stagecoach! Your action verb’s passive. ‘Had been’ means it isn’t collecting the sins of Humans, anymore.”
“I like smart-holes.” Gabriel grins toothy at Bo while nodding his skull, complimenting.
Michael ends without smiling. “The stone had blackened from the sins of men, women, and rotten teenagers on Earth. Once the fragment was spotted on our radar, I swooped down, readying for fight, opened the cookie jar….gone…like Santa Claus at midnight. Because, Satan had stole it…before us.”
Argus asks guiding the teens into action. “Where do we start the search, Father?”
“The Adiabel initialed the sequencing pattern which is located in the southeastern part of the North America continent named in the State of Alabama and a city is called Birmingham” Michael explains.
Bo swiftly stands then Tina follows as he hugs her tightly into his chest, informing the teen Angels. “We…Tina and I just left there.”
“Excellent. Bo and Tina will be your guides to finding the black stone which we believe will lead ya’ll into uncovering Eve’s Tomb in which the babes are secretly housed.” Michael poses as his neck muscles rotate to each teen Angel while the Arch-angels stand from their chairs listening to the final command from Michael. “Ya’ll….have received all of our useless instructions, and advice the best that we got. So…Godspeed and good luck, teens!”
Argus swiftly stands rushing towards him, calling. “Father.”
Michael takes his tall son into his arms giving a Teddy Bear hug and nosily slaps on back muscles then whispers softly. “Argus, I hand over the devise to you. Good luck, son!” They separate then Michael places the cell into Argus’ open palm as they whisper into each other faces.
Tina hugs tightly onto Bo with slight fear and great love while she comments eye burning Dallas. “Bo, I’ve never seen Dallas chat so much in one session among a set of unfamiliar Angels. He’s usually quietly silent or rudely occupied with the TV program. However to me…he seems different, today.”
Bo touches her soft hair stoking the long strawberry blonde curls then pecks a light kiss onto her peachy-beige cheekbone and finally softly comments while staring into the side of her lovely profile face while she eye burns Dallas. “Nerves….he’s nervous…being around such great warriors…ya know…like Saint Michael. Then, there are the kids of the great warrior….ya know…parked on the sofas in the same room.”
“Dallas isn’t afraid of great warriors or kids of great warriors. He’s different. Why’s he acting funny, Bo? And I don’t mean…ha…ha…funny, either.” Tina continues to stare at Dallas, pondering his strange behavior.
“Don’t know, Tina. But, I can say that I’m a little afraid…” Bo confesses as he wraps steel biceps gently around her lean shoulders pulling her into his chest then she flips face to stare into his beautiful blue eyes.
“…of the great big warriors…,” Tina dumps and smiles, patting tenderly his battle vest with her eagle-spread hands.
“….of the great Satan and great Satan’s arrangement for collecting the tiny Souls hidden in Hell.” Bo confesses, hugging her body and placing his skull on top of her soft hair.
“They’re not in Hell.” Tina corrects without reason.
“They’re not in Heaven.” Bo adjusts brilliantly, wrinkling his forehead with worry.
Jake questions as he hugs Tilly into his chest. “Normally…if’an I’m understanding my Angeldom studies correctly from the past few days we…Deathers descend quietly to Earth, collect the Soul as we guard them carefully while transporting the Soul safely into Heaven with all our known Angel powers intact since any Human can accidentally touch a Death-angel and die, violently.”
Azrael nods his skull with the accepted acknowledgment, complimenting. “You’re a swift Angel, Jake. But, this is not a normal…or a nature assignment for any of ya’ll teens. Tilly, you go first. Stand in front of me, honey.” Tilly moves from Jake’s body standing parallel to Azrael and lays on his hand upon her right shoulder then closes his eyelids while she feels her Angel-powers drift from her composite into a tight bundle of knots inside her body. Azrael opens his eyelids and asks. “How do you feel, Tilly?”
“Okay, Daddy.” Tilly responses and nods her skull at his question.
“Good. Jake…you’re next.” Azrael commands as Jake switches foot positions with Tilly while Azrael places his hand upon the right shoulder and bundles Jake’s newly acquired Angel-talents then opens his eyelids while removing his hand. “Done!” He sighs and breathes, deeply with mixed emotions then comments. “Kids, this is hard for me. I’m your Daddy, Tilly and love you more than my eternal life. Jake, I’m pleased you’re going to be my future son-in-law and wish I could offer a better wedding gift at the moment.” He pauses for drama then continues. “I’m forbidden to help ya’ll, kids. And…at the next family function, I’m kicking Lucifer’s bee_hind all the way to the Pluto Ice Belt.”
“He’ll just drift back towards Earth, Daddy.” Tilly giggles at the mental pic.
“A long and lonely time to think about his stupid poopy idea….that put my baby girl in danger.” Azrael pauses for drama chin whipping his face to the tile then returns eyeballs to Tilly and Jake. “Good luck, kids! I’ll be watching and waiting from above as instructed.” He hugs his daughter then releases her giving a Teddy Bear hug to Jake while he whispers softly into Jake’s eardrum.
“Thank you, sir. I promise.” Jake confirms as Azrael nods his skull then turns towards the archway walking towards standing Michael.
Lithany, Messenger-angel, daughter of Arch-angel Uriel flashes her fiery amber-colored flaming sword, which is the most popular weapon carried by most of the experienced Messengers lifting her sword over her skull then enlightens amusingly, smiling wickedly. “Ready, Dad.”
Uriel waves his hand as her flame puffs out then hugs tightly her petite body, pecking her cheekbone with a warm kiss. “Be careful, sweetheart! I’m not allowed to assist…in person but I can aid you…by other means. Do you understand me, Lithany?”
“Yes, Daddy.” Lithany softly whispers.
Michael stands at the archway and hollers. “Let the teens go to work…Angels.” He turns and exits into the hallway follows by Metatron, Uriel, Raphael, Azrael, and Gabriel.
Tilly and Jake advance toward Argus waiting on instructions since his Daddy is leader of the Arch-angels which makes Argus the leader of the younger Angels. “Tilly, what’da ya make of this?” Argus holds out the cell phone towards her as she touches the metal then watches the screen go blank.
Tilly voices in flute soprano. “Nothing.”
“Naw. I want to know what kind of design…,” Argus swings his baby blues at the cell then presents duck lips, ugly and comments in bass drum, snatching the cell back from Tilly’s finger pads. “This here design….of rotating lines…in the shape of…” Tilly touches the cell as it goes dead, twice.
Tilly reacts shockingly. “Do you see that, Argus? When I touch the cell, the rotating lines stop moving….like…”
“…something more is here.” Argus fills and reaches for the cell as the lines appear on the black screen. “What the heck…”
“Touch it again, Tilly.” Jake tests his working theory as Tilly takes the cell from Argus then clearly it goes black as outer space. “Okay, that’s weird and strange and significant. Looks like, buddy…you’re the only one that can hold the cell and un-locks its secrets. You’re one lucky dog, Argus.”
“Good. I gots to stay here…enjoys the day.” Dallas smiles, salutes with the sweaty beer and yells from across the room sitting comfortably inside the cozy lounge chair with his naked toe bones crossed at the ankles while he finishes his first beer which was rudely interrupted by the selfish Arch-angel Pow Wow.
“Dallas.” Bo yells then cuts his eyeballs to the younger Angels then neck snaps his face back to Dallas. “Get rid of your be…beverage!”
“Naw.” Dallas moans watching the TV screen and hisses at the good play against the opposing football team.
“Don’t understand!” Argus scratches his skull with clean and trimmed finger nails, puzzling. “Daddy was given the cell phone seeing the red lines then he handed it to me. I could see the red lines then I handed it to Tilly. But, she can’t see the red lines. That doesn’t make any sense. So, I’m the only one that can touch the cell without it losing power. What does it all mean?”
Dallas shouts across the room. “Satan. Evil.”
Argus sighs then breathes deeply marching across the room to the wall, whispering under his breathe. “I greatly dislike it when Dallas is right.”
“Babies…we gots….baby Angels, Argus.” Dallas comments with a nasty tone as Argus ignores the banter. “We shouldn’t involve babies in real Angel work, Argus.”
Argus stomps to the wall and plugs the cable of the mobile telephone into the 70-inched TV screen then amplifies the cell’s picture onto wall TV monitor as the screen splits in half showing the bird’s eye view of Birmingham, Alabama on the left and a series of short red vertical lights in constant circular motion on the right side.

“Not my decision…” Argus comments and stands next to the TV screen and circles the green laser pointer around the electronic city limits on the wall.
“Meet Daddy’s bad rotten fallen….a….apple…” Dallas insults while joking at Argus to make him mad so Dallas can whip his bee_hind into a common sense logical decision since he’s leader of this too dangerous and deadly Angel assignment from Saint Michael, Prince of Angels.
“Thanks, Dallas.” Argus returns calmly.
“No sympathy.” Dallas calls.
“Alright, Dallas.” Argus pitches.
“No fear!” Dallas punts.
“Get it, Dallas.” Argus comments.
“Coloring the pic…,” Dallas kicks in.
Argus presents duck lips, ugly and observes. “Always the snot-hole Angel, Dallas.”
“Always and forever…,” Dallas words getting the last jab then chuckles.
“Just double-checking…,” Argus gets the last word.
“Twice.” Dallas finales the last word then roars soaringly with laughter as some of the teen Angels chuckle with him.
Argus updates. “Eyeballs here. This is Birmingham which is the largest metro city in the State of Alabama, 10 miles east to west and 25 miles of trees, trucks, and troops north to south. The tomb can be….anyway in this area.”
Carol guesses as she moves closer to the TV screen, watching the red lights blink off and on then finger point. “Well, that symbol’s clearly a star in our solar system.” The teens gather and stand in front of the screen in pairs or single while Dallas sits comfortably upon the lounge chair watching his small TV screen.

  \
\   /
/   \

“No.” Argus judges, shuffling side to side on booted feet while shaking his blonde skull side to side.
“It’s a hand with the thumb print on the side of the limb.” Bezant guesses shifting his body beside Chase.
“No. Argus judges, while shuffling side to side on booted feet.
“Maybe…the five symbols are representative of some kind of meaning or specific interpretation such as the number five is a prime number in the cosmic.” Tilly suggests standing between Jake’s biceps studying the TV monitor.
“Five digits much like my hand or my foot.” Jake wiggles his hand into the air and guesses.
“It appears to resemble a human. Humans only have five toes and fingers.” Lystra offers while palming the hilt of her saber standing next to Carole.
Tina corrects as she giggles. “Humans have a total of ten toes and ten fingers.” She giggles eye burning Lystra and questions. “She’s not a Guardian angel, is she?”
“Warriors, they only gots guts…or gory.” Bo compliments or insults depending on your personal interpretation as he chuckles along with Tina.
“Bo…” Dallas names while twisting his lips, ugly.
“Chill, Dallas.” Bo neck snaps his face at Dallas, ordering.
“There is a skull, clearly…(points at top red light)…along with left and right arms and left and right legs. The human is complete and waving arms, clearly. The human is happy.” Lithany offers watching the motion and movement at the end of the semi-circle around the TV screen.
“No.” Argus judges, shaking his blonde skull side to side.
Tilly suggests. “Concentrate on the number five. Five represents….” She neck snaps to the closest teen looking at Carole and commands. “Fill in the blank, Angel.”
Lithany answers. “Five is the atomic number of boron.”
Carole proposes finger pointing at her nose. “The five senses are feeling, hearing, seeing, smelling, and tasting.”
“Five fingers are known to fishermen as a star fish.” Bezant informs bobbing his auburn buzz cut up and down. “The number of appendages on most star fish exhibits pentamerism.”
“Told ya, it’s a star.” Carole confirms nodding her skull at the acknowledgement.
“Almost all amphibians, reptiles, and mammals have fingers or toes have five of them one each extremity.” Lithany shares with a smile.
“These are very good answers, teens and ya covered both biology and science facts…but I don’t think we have a solid solution. What else, Angels?” Argus honors and encourages.
“There are five wounds administered upon Jesus Christ in Christianity while the Jewish culture uses the Khamsa which is an ancient symbol shaped like a hand with five fingers for protection from envy and evil.” Carole explains.
“Good job, teens. But, no chocolate candy bar….,”Argus encourages. “We just covered religion. Do you have any more ideas?”
Dallas injects with humor, chuckling. “Don’t like chocolate.”
“Hush, Dallas.” Bo neck snaps his face to Dallas, reprimanding.
“Aristotle claims the universe is made up of the five classical elements, water, earth, air, fire, and either.” Bezant adds.
“Can you confirm that, Bezant?” Jake inquires as Bezant shakes his auburn buzz cut side to side in silent.
“The Olympic Games…ya know…sporting events by Humans use five interlocking rings as their symbol representing peace and sportsmanship.” Carole provides, smiling.
“That’s very good, Carole. Maybe, we should focus on Human related association….like a five-star restaurant.” Jake includes.
Dallas announces for fun, chuckling while he watches the football game. “I’m hungry.”
“Hush, Dallas.” Bo reprimands.
“No.” Argus judges.
“Five-star novel.” Carole offers.
“Five-star movie.” Bezant amuses then chuckles along with the teens.
“There’s no such thing as a five-star movie.” Lystra debates.
“Harry Potter.” Bezant shouts.
“Gone with the Wind.” Carole adds.
“What’s your five-star movie, Dallas?” Jake teases then chuckles as Tilly elbows his rib cage.
“Bo…,” Dallas whines, shaking his black skull side to side, watching the TV screen.
“Calm, bro.” Bo commands, chuckling.
“Ghostbusters.” Tina shares.
“Star Trek.” Jake includes.
“Star Wars.” Lithany hollers then giggles.
“Five-star hotels.” Bezant subject changes then chuckles. “Ya see, the stone is buried under the building of a five star hotel represented by the five blinking red lights…or maybe it’s used as a piece of the building on the corner. It’s the color of black and called a stone, right?”
“Wrong-o.” Bo answers shaking his black skull side to side, chuckling with amusement.
Lithany proclaims. “Five wits are common sense, imagination, fantasy, estimation, and memory.”
“Good memory recall but that doesn’t help us much, Lithany.” Argus smiles and compliments.
“Who’s the word wizard up here?” Bo asks rotating neck muscles around the room.
Argus answers quickly as he eye burns the son of Metatron. “Metatron is head of Messenger angels and holder of all Angeldom mysteries.”
Lystra calls. “Bezant…you’re up.”
“I prefer Cruiser…,” Bezant re-names his person with a smile pulling his personal cell with the Internet access, walking closer to the TV screen.
“Bezant means ‘crusher’.” Dallas looks up from the TV screen, correcting the academic mistake.
Bezant waves the cell side to side in the air waves, updating. “I prefer ‘Cruiser’. Ya know….cruising the Internet.”
“Bo…,” Dallas names, while feeling more tension and frustration with the younger Angels.
“Hush, Dallas.” Bo orders while watching Cruiser.
Dallas injects in deep baritone trombone. “They’re babies, Bo. We…(points at his chest)…me, you, him…(points at Argus)….should do this alone, not risk the babies. What’s your take, Argus?”
Argus stares down Dallas, supporting. “Father knows what he’s doing, Dallas.”
Dallas adds. “….along with the Patron of US Postal Workers. Yeah, right, of course.” He slaps his white jeans, finger pointing at Cruiser, explaining. “My beer’s older then…them babies…Bo.”
Bo chin whips his face, yelling. “Be…beverage? Un-zap it…now…Dallas.”
Cruiser looks over at the cold sweaty bottle in Dallas’ finger pads, asking. “What’s that ya holding, Dallas? Is that one of these beverages called a soda from Earth?”
“Nutrition….here ya go!” Dallas zaps another bottle of cold beer into Cruiser’s cupped hand for fun then Bo quickly replaces the beer with a cold bottle of sugary dark soda as he finger points with a warning signal to Dallas. Dallas chuckles and returns his eyeballs to the football game.
“This is clearly the Mark of the Beast.” Lystra exclaims.
“That’s a six-pointed star which is called a hexagram, Lystra. Anyways, a five-pointed star is called a pentagram with the top point facing downward is used as a symbol of the Satan. This…clearly…shows the top point facing upwards toward Heaven.” Tilly corrects.
“Amen!” Lithany prays.
“A Death-angel would know, right, Tilly?” Lystra taunts as she whips out her saber for finger twirling away from the teen Angels.
Lithany studies the rotating one-at-a-time blinking points, inquiring. “Could these blinking five points and the city of Birmingham have a common denominator that we’re missing? I have never been…”
Tina slaps her hands together and calls, bobbing her skull. “Yes…five points…the common factor. Five Points Station, right, Dallas?” She proclaims staring at Dallas while Dallas chin whips his face to her with his jaw dropped then he zaps the beer and TV away from his lap and stands with parked fists on his wrist. Tina has connected the dots…so to speak and starts the first leg of the mission.
“Five Points Station….good going, Angel.” Bo compliments, hugging her tight into his chest.
“Here we come. Lead us, Bo!” Argus encourages as Bo and Tina vanish from the tiles.
Seven days later. Saturday. cow field. Birmingham. Alabama. morning. 55ºF. 7:01 am. Teens land upon various appendages including their boots in an upright position like Dallas or down on bony kneecaps and open paws as Earth dogs like Tina or fall flat on their back muscles like Cruiser.
Cruiser moans loudly. “Ugh…,” he rolls to his side, shakes his body then stands while Lithany picks the weeds from hair and Lystra brushes the clay from her white jeans.
Tina finger points in the direction of the root cellar while walking along the knee-high tall yellow weeds and stumpy green grass inside the empty pasture field of the farm. “It’s different here to me.” She rotates neck muscles viewing the open flat field minus farm livestock and hidden wildlife animals inside the woodlands about 500 feet from the gathering of Angels. “What’da ya think, Bo? Do you feel the emptiness?” Bo bobs his skull up and down as he rotates neck muscles around the flat green grass.
Dallas injects walking towards the direction of the underground root cellar. “Naw. It’s the same…like when I arrived and then I left. Let’s finish this and get back home to Heaven!”
“Give us a topographic map, Cruiser.” Argus orders viewing Cruiser punching on the tiny keyboard and calling up the map as Bo, and Dallas joins the huddle.
Cruiser defines, finger pointing at various terrain. “Topographic map looks like a deformed five pointed Maple leaf with the bush-like tentacles of green extending into the deep blue. These green areas are thick woodlands of Maple, Pine, and Oaks trees while the brown scattered semi-squared patches are farmlands and blue is…”
“Water….lots and lots of water.” Argus fills.
“Where are we, Dallas?” Bo inquires while scanning the flat grass.
Dallas twists lips, ugly while studying the tiny cell, concluding. “Based on the map, the upper end of the water is the main stem of the Tallapoosa River, the white lines are automobile highway streets. That over there within eyeball distance is Highway 83 traveling north to south which means if’an I guess and if’an I guess right….we’re on the outskirts of Lake Martin. I’d say precisely a mile from Kowalga Bay…”
“Kowalga Bay? Are you certain, Dallas?” Argus questions as he slams his face into the sunshine staring into the east.
“Absoultootly…certain, Argus. Does that water city mean somethin’ to ya, bro?” Dallas inquires noting the shocking expression on Argus’ face.
Bo educates. “Lake Martin is a constructed waterway by Humans and used primarily for flood control and to supply hydroelectric power to the residents of Alabama and ample recreational activities for boaters and fishermen.”
“Fishermen….figures.” Dallas comments and smirks with a set of crooked lips, right.
“Hush, Dallas.” Bo reprimands.
“However, many anglers find it difficult to fish in Lake Martin due to the clarity of the water and the abundance of steep, rocky bluffs…to the east…” Bo neck snaps his skull and finger points to the east skies.
Tina returns to Bo then updates. “There’s no root cellar, no roots of old trees, and no cellar of concrete…like before.”
Bo concludes. “No cows, no crops, and no farm homestead. What’da ya make of this, Dallas? I always heard that Five Points Station was haunted by ghosts.”
Dallas annoys. “Ghostbusters came and collected them, Bo. The only things running around here are free based Spirits…” He pauses for drama and closes his eyelids, feeling the elements. “One or two good Spirits, if’an…”
Argus injects while rotates neck muscles surrounding the flat pasture as the younger Angels group behind the leader of the expedition and comments. “Follow me! Stay close! We’re on Earth for a single purpose. No more and no less. We head into the city of Birmingham. How far’s the hike, Bo?”
“About five miles or so…,” Bo dumps snapping his skull towards Highway 83.
“The common factor again, the number five…” Tilly notes then chuckles as she moves beside Jake.
Tina exclaims softly under her breathe. “Hopefully, this’ll be over with in five minutes.”
“Don’t think so, sweet pie.” Bo kisses Tina’s face as he cuddles her into his chest walking towards Highway 83.
Argus commands, motioning his arm towards the north. “Hit the pavement, Angels. We gots five miles of walking.” Teens form up in pairs or single file with Tilly and Jake leading the group as Argus and Dallas stand at attention watching.
Dallas face talks to Argus. “Argus, I strategy that we pair an Angel with a couple of babies…for their protection and keeping their eternal life…living.” Argus bobs his skull up and down walking beside Dallas as Dallas continues. “Bo and Tina are cool. I’ll pair them with Carole. Tilly gots Jake who’s a newbie. I’ll take Chase since he’s a brand new Angel. That means you can have Cruiser. Soooo…ya gots your choice of Lystra, or Lithany?”
“I’ll take smart Lithany. You can have….” Argus stops and stares at cell, listening to the beautiful music as Dallas twists his lips, ugly while hearing the same musical tune in Argus’ hands.
The song is entitled Ride like the Wind with lyrics by Christopher Cross in 1970s blasting from the tiny mobile telephone’s speakers. “It is the night, my body’s weak. I’m on the run, no time for sleep. I’ve got to ride, ride like the wind. To be free again…”
Argus sees the mammal, whispering. “A Spirit horse.” The animal paints as a Pinto in dark brown colors with jagged white markings on the horse’s belly spreading towards the neck, tail, legs, and back. The color frames with round, lacy white spots. The face is white along with the image of a dark brown etched ‘bear paw’ in the middle of the animal’s belly. He finger points, calling. “This is an overo Pinto.”
“A riding horse that someone let out the pasture?” Dallas concludes and chuckles.
“No, Dallas. There are two types of Pinto, tobiano and overo. This is an overo Pinto.” Argus lectures.
“So what, Argus. Let’s finish this and get back home to Heaven.” Dallas shouts.
“This is our first clue. The horse is described by the Native American Indians as Skewbald and about 15 hands high. Each hand is four inches making the animal about 60 inches in height.” Argus educates, staring at the prancing horse.
“So what, Argus.” Dallas annoys, moving towards the US Highway.
“Dallas, in the American West…here in the United States, the Pinto has traditionally been regarded as the favored riding mammal of the American Indian for war since its coloring provided a natural camouflage. This is a War Horse.” Argus concludes.
“War Horse. Okay. Fine. Move it, Argus. There’s one horse and eleven of us. Ya go…riding the thing, since I don’t. Go and lead us…leader.” Dallas injects with jealousy.
Cruiser agrees moving to huddle with Argus and Dallas, finger pointing at the galloping horse. “Argus is correct, Dallas. The numerous Native American tribes held certain horses in high regards as Spirit or Medicine horses designated by their un-natural and unusual markings. See the bear claw, Argus.”
Argus bobs his skull up and down, whispering. “Yes. I do.” The Pinto trots to Argus’ face as he strokes the silky dark brown mane hair and fine hair on the horse’s forehead. “Many so-called Spirit horses have blue eyes called Heaven-eyes.” Argus smiles then he neck snaps his face to Dallas. Dallas twists his lips, ugly then he chin whips his face to Bo. Bo smiles and finger points at the Pinto while holding Tina tightly between his biceps while she smiles innocently.
Cruiser defines. “The horse is rich in lore and mythology being associated with both burial rites and birth, riding into and out of the world as man rides upon the strong back of the steed. A horse in many cultures throughout the globe represents wisdom, power, stamina, endurance, faithfulness, and freedom. The Norse god Odin rode upon an eight-legged steed. In the Hindu tradition, the chariot of Surya, the sun god, is pulled by stallions along with Apollo in Greek lore. In spiritual sojourns, Mohammed rode a horse on from Mecca to Jerusalem and then came upon it into Heaven. See, its galloping which means ‘ambition’.”
Dallas adds. “A stallion means ‘sexuality’.”
Argus debates. “Its a female horse there, Dallas which means ‘compassion and strength’.”
“Whatever!” Dallas tosses his hands in the air, moving towards Highway 83 for the long hike into the city.
“A Spirit horse brought good fortune to the Warrior peoples as long as they kept the animal in their possession.” Cruiser chuckles and educates. “Horse stealing…among the Warriors was considered an honored and highly practiced profession since this breed of specific horse was highly prized. If the Warrior got away with the valued horse, he earned the respect of both the Warring tribes and the enemy from whom the horse had been stolen. Of course, then it would be the former Warrior’s turn to try and regain his stolen property.”
“March towards the highway…Cruiser.” Dallas orders, while grabbing the young Angel’s arm. 
“Ya know if you find a horseshoe, its a universal emblem of good luck.” Cruiser adds walking behind Dallas.
“In Germany, a black horse is the harbinger of death.” Dallas updates pathing towards the road.
“She’s a Pinto with dark brown colors. There’s no black on the animal. Why ya pessimistic, Dallas?” Bo inquires twisting his lips, ugly.
“If’an a horse shows up in your life, it means to examine the aspect of travel and freedom in addition to being able to infuse your physical body with energy and endurance, this animal guide also has the ability to transport you to ever-higher levels of awareness…” Argus concludes watching the beast gallop beside the teens.
“Geez, cool it with the premonitions, Argus.” Dallas advises and chuckles as Pinto rears on two back legs into the air and paws her hoofs striking the air as she shakes her dark brown skull mane back and forth.
Argus concludes with fists on his hip as lips flat line with concentration. “She’s communicating with us. I think that she’s trying to alert us to danger…”
“Then…she should use the cell so…we dumb Angels can understands…since we’re on limited Angel Reserve and can’t communicate with any Earth beasties.” Dallas nags like an old hag.
The Pinto completely vanishes from Angel-sight as she paws the air waves when the flapping sound twists Angel skulls and eyeballs towards the north direction of the Highway 83 while the flock of black crows squawks and fly towards the Angels.
“She’s safe…from the alerting danger.” Dallas joshes and chuckles as he trots besides Bo then comments. “Do ya hear something, bro?”
Bo hisses like snake, reprimanding. “Sssstop being a jack-hole, Dallas.”
Dallas punts and chuckles. “Jackasses are babies of adult donkeys. Ya know, Bo.”
“….only when properly referenced in zoology, jack-hole.” Lystra insults Dallas as she smirks with a curled right lip, ugly.
“Who you be, doll?” Dallas eye burns her vertically with invisible fire balls.
“Lystra, Warrior princess with a big knife.” She pulls the saber from the sheath, toting it with her left fighting arm into the air so the silver gleams in the sunshine and smiles.
Dallas materials quickly using his limited Angel Reserve holding the axed sharp pointy pikes circling the Angel-steel and threatens for fun. “Ya call that weapon.”
“Hush, Dallas.” Bo reprimands while eyeballs cut left then right at new troubles for the teens.
“She starts. I ends.” Dallas proclaims then chuckles as the teens walk side by side with Lystra, Dallas, Bo, Tina, Argus, Lithany, and Carole.
“I heard of you…Fallen one.” Lystra exclaims twirling her saber in the right hand next to Dallas’ face.
Dallas ignores the baby Angel while neck snapping his skull to Bo, talking. “I’m being quite stern and staunch. I do hear something, Bo.”
“They are birds…looking for grass seedlings.” Tina updates watching the black storm of wings fly over their skulls.
“Lots of birds, Dallas.” Bo repeats while cuts his eyeballs left then right on the ground for any troubles.
A single black large farm crow circles the teens, twice then hovers over the Warriors. It deftly lands on webbed feet on the dry clay dirt then rapidly morphs wearing a black satin dress with long silky black hair, black shiny skin, and midnight black eyeballs simulating a four-year old Earth child. The child curtseys lovely then uprights into an attentive posture and talks in a smoky demonic voice. “A messenger sent by Satan….”
Dallas offers. “Lay off the cigarettes, doll….there’re bad for your voice box.” He laughs at the crow with a hardy tone.
“….be ye warn of thy impending deluge.” Crow/child bursts into yellow/red/blue flames then turns into gray ashes as the remnants drift away in wind breeze.
“Like I needed to be warned…who’s this prick…Argus?” Dallas annoys neck snapping his face to Argus.
Guitar chords of Mm mm C present as lyrics sing. “Like the devil and the deep blue sea. Take me to the other side. Forget about your foolish pride. Take me to the other side. Oh…take me to the other side…” Aerosmith musical group of 1980s words the song entitled Take Me to the Other Side.
Argus studies the cell as big teardrop shaped rain pounds his skull then thunder roars into his eardrums and white bolts of light dance across his eyeballs as the developing black skies of Alabama cover him and the teens.
“Is it hurricane season, dude?” Dallas scans the sky, inquiring.
“Take me to the other side…” Argus words then neck snaps his skull across Kowalga Bay knowing that Nicholas Cove lies across the water but there isn’t any boating docks or boats or water craft here. “Bo…(points at the cell)…I think this devise is telling us what direction to path.”

“This is Alabama, not Florida.” Bo corrects Dallas studying the open terrain with the gathering nasty T-storm overhead.
“Is it flood season?” Dallas chin whips his face admiring the collecting puddles of red mud as he stops and lifts his right cowboy boot covered in wet clay into the air.
“Hush, Dallas.” Bo reprimands as teens tromp in puddles, and mud towards the open highway.
“Someone….please stop the weather?” Cruiser wishes unsuccessfully as heavy rain drops create more buckets of puddles.
Jake sings in B-flat. “Rain, rain, go away come again, another day.” The weather continues to plummet from the atmosphere onto naked skulls of teen Angels. “Sorry, I tried.”
“Thanks, Jake.” Bo offers stomping his boots into more rain puddles.
Jake confesses then chuckles. “Childhood favorite of mine during thunderstorms.”
“Ya know…floods are one of the most common hazards in the USA for Humans. However, not all floods are alike. Some floods develop slowly…while others...” Dallas updates then chuckles.
“I think, Dallas this is labeled a flash flood caused by heavy rain falling in a short amount of time.” Tilly updates and chuckles.
“See how the rain showers are pushing the lake water over their banks across the countryside. This ain’t good, Angels.” Tina notes, finger pointing at the water.
Dallas orders then chuckles at his silly statement. “Do something, Argus?”
“Do something, Argus!” Argus repeats then chuckles at Dallas’ stupid statement.
Rain drops pound the concrete bridge on Highway 83 creating a harsh downward silver waterfall as the waterfall forms into many separate small ground puddles which break through the clay dirt and green weeds creating a small stream of water submerging the land. The flowing water gathers and drives towards the small creek between the farmland and roadside as the teens plow towards the expressway.
Dallas stops and scans the west direction upon seeing bright sunlight then shouts. “Let’s go west! There’s no rain and drier grass.”
Bo counter-mans. “There’s no cars, Dallas. We’re supposed to use the material possessions, remember….like automobiles for traveling into the Birmingham.”
“That’s a good point, Bo.” Dallas surrenders walking towards the US Highway 83.
“The ground’s saturated. I’m sailing in mud puddles.” Cruiser complains.
As the flowing water hits the steady creek, ripples surface on a water from the combined transverse (up and down) and longitudinal (back and forth) wave patterns following an orbital path towards Kowalga Bay in the northeastern direction.
Cruiser stomps a boot into the rippling Creek as his centre weight wobbles then shakes then falls face down into the deepen stream generating more ripples upon the water surface.
“Cruiser…” Lystra shouts running toward the Creek as she and teens jump into the Creek with entire bodies, swimming and paddling towards helpless head-bopping Cruiser as more circular wave patterns produce more rippling effects echoing upon the surface of the Creek propagating the eleven air-breathing bodies towards Kowalga Bay.
“Daddyyyy…,” Lithany yells as the wave swallows her skull whole.
In fluid dynamics, wind-generated waves are surface waves that occur on the free surface of oceans, seas, lakes, rivers, and even on small puddles, and ponds resulting from the wind blowing over a vast enough stretch the fluid surface. The wind waves from the small ripples grow to four feet in height as more T-storm rain drops fall from the road and collect into the Creek.
If the wave ripples appear on any smooth Creek when the wind blows, it will die quickly if the wind stops. However, the Creek winds at Five Points Station grows exponentially in both strength and speed with more restored force that allows the water wave to propagate due to Earth’s gravity away from the origin Creek bank near Highway 83 while creating a set of small waves forming into an individual “rouge” wave.
As the gigantic “rough” wave travels from the shallow Creek towards a northeastern direction into the deep blue Bay its shape alters into a 12 feet high, speeding at 5 knots covering the entire length of the Creek banks as the wave crest realigns directly over the teens’ skulls.
The teens dip and dunk up, down, sideways, and around like poopy in a toilet bowl of fresh water as they gasp for breathes and scream for fear trucking down the Creek. The breaking wave can no longer support its top, causing it to collapse over the teens as the water runs towards the banks and dump the teens under water like Sea Mermaids.
The Creek water pushes the teens’ entire body including lips for shouting, eyes for seeing and nostrils for breathing down into the muddy clay bottom with great force. Lithany pushes with her booted feet from the wet mud as another wave knock her backwards, dragging her back into deeper water while Argus dives into the creek outstretching both arms and finger pads to her for the rescue pulling her into his chest as they zoom to the water surface for air. Argus emerges panting as Lithany coughs up the water.
The teen surface to see they’re converging at the dangerous intersection point of limestone silver-tinted rocky and jagged boulders.
The teens jump, flip, and leap, T-rex over the deadly hurdles with their limited but powerful Angel Reserve then silently splash into the cold deep water of Kowalga Bay as another single monster wave travels in half phase speed appearing behind their skulls as it grows and grows propelling the teens at light-speed towards the clay sandy coastline.
The teens ride the monster wave of 40 feet height caused by un-natural Earth gravitational pull into the muddy clay of the Bay as the rouge wave washes over their skulls gently like a cotton ball as the Angels sweep their bee_hinds upon dry sandy clay, surveying the two-story residential manor before their eyeballs.
Nicholas Cave. Lake Martin. Alabama. Highway 83. Living room. 60ºF. 8:02 am. The sign reads: WELCOME TO NICHOLAS COVE.
“Nicholas Cave…” Argus stands dropping water from his hair roots to boot toes and reads the sign out loud as teens slowly emerge from the water dumping onto the red clay shaking their clothes like wet dogs since they don’t possess enough Angel Reserve to zap new battle gear upon their bodies.
Tina proclaims and smiles, while hugging on Bo as he chuckles with delight then kisses her face. “At least, we’re clean and white instead of red and muddy.”
“Daddy can help with this.” Lithany announces then giggles as she calls loudly toward Heaven. “Daddy…please, give us some dry clothes.” Zap! The strong wind blows while the bright sun blisters the wet white battle gear into toasty warm and crispy dry as the teens giggle and chuckle plowing up the brick steps following Argus into the residential manor while Lithany shouts and lifts her chin into the Heavens. “Thanks, Daddy!”
Dallas turns his body to the right as the teens venture straight ahead while he parks upright and stares at the beautiful female, greeting and smiling in baritone trombone. “Hello, doll.” She uprights on elbows inside the yellow patio lounge chair near the swimming pool, removing her black-framed sunglasses as Dallas chuckles and smirks wickedly.
“DALLAS.” Bo stops his pace turning behind his shoulders and shouts watching Dallas flirt with the pretty girl then waits and watches before jumping into action.
Drake greets and shouts to his old friend. “ARGUS.” He moves closer giving a handshake then back slapping on Argus’ body.
“MELLA.” Argus hollers at her as she neck snaps her skull waving her finger pads to Argus then he swings face and greets with a friendly tone to his Earth friend. “Drake, how ya doing?”
Drake shakes his blonde skull side to side, observing. “Better than you, man. And you brought company. Ya hunger? Come on in, make yourself at home.”
Angels pad around the cluster of matching cherry leather oversized chairs, love seats and sofas sitting around the Living Room while tall and sexy Mella in her string bikini serves cold and hot beverages and light refreshments on the tray chatting and smiling at their new company while Drake and Argus park in the kitchen.
Argus helps by slicing the whole apples into wedges and questions. “How ya feeling, Drake?”
Drake dices the apple into small parts and comments. “Hanging in there.”
“Ya seem…” Argus empties while placing the wedges around the small platter.
“Depressed, unhappiness…to the point of miserable. Yeah, your Angel power work very well, Argus.” Drake confirms while slicing the second apple with his back to Argus.
“It’s just an observation, Drake.” Argus finishes his small task then begins dices the banana into rounded wedges.
Drake talks. “I am the lucky guy in the world being a billionaire, having Mella at my side, and friends….if I need them.”
“You don’t seem to be spent much time with Josh and Ash.” Argus disagrees.
“That happens when ya quit school.” Drake slams the steel into the apple cleaving it in half then words. “Don’t lecture, Argus! I’m eighteen. Football season’s done. Remember…I’m that rich kid that needs no work nor needs any type of formal or informal education. I inherited everything else from…” He pauses for drama then continues. “It is all mine….now. But…”
“You feel lost.” Argus lands out the banana rounds around the apples slices.
“I feel obligated and committed and trapped and tied…” Drake lists without any explanation.
“Mella.” Argus guesses as he reaches for the orange and inquires. “Do you love her?”
“I care for her.” Drake answers honestly.
“That answer clearly is no, Drake.” Argus suggests. “Then….toss her onto an airplane to anyway city…give her that separate life from you…maybe….that’ll help you heal…faster.”
“I can’t. She’s like a tall and sexy baby girl without her Mama. She doesn’t understand how the world functions even with a paid babysitter another human will take advantage of her. I can’t let that happen.” Drake confesses as he arranges the apple slices on the plate. “I…” He sighs then breathes deeply and continues. “I’m responsible for bringing her into the world then re-bringing her back into the world. Ya know, she did everything for me but…”
“You feel lost.” Argus repeats ripping the orange slices from the skin.
Drake stops chopping the apple and stares at the backsplash upon the kitchen tiles, talking. “I feel unhappy. I can’t stop my mind from dwelling on the fact that my Daddy was one of Satan’s Generals then he tried to kill me…his only son. My Mama’s in Heaven and can’t be reached for any reason and Mella’s here….then she’s there….then she’s back in my life which reminds me of my missing hateful Daddy and lovely Mama. I’m trapped in my own mind with my own thoughts that mental control my actions….”
“Drake, I’m here because I need help.” Argus swings his body around to face Drake’s back muscles. “I need Human assistant to fight against Satan.”
Drake body spins toward Argus raising his eyebrows, ugly, inquiring. “Is my…” He pauses for drama scanning with eyeballs the tile then returns his pupils at Argus and accepts. “…if Satan and Daniel are involved in your fight, Argus then I’m your guy.” He holds the wet apple juicy hand out to Argus and smiles.
“Excellent choice, Drake.” Argus compliments and explains the delicate dilemma with his old trusting friend while they finish the fruit tray for the guests.
Dallas stands as Mella leans over his lap, grabbing the heavy tray from her delicate hands and invites the sexy girl leaking her skin breasts outside of the tiny bikini top. “Have a seat, doll…here with me! I’ll take the empty tray.” Then, the tray magically disappears from Dallas’ finger pads as he chuckles with delight and Mella smashes her eyelashes upright in shock.
Bo reprimands while seeing the stunning Angel-magic trick from the former Fallen-angel and current Faithful-angel. “Angel Reserve, Dallas?” Dallas ignores bossy Bo while scooting closer to sexy Mella sitting on the opposite arm of the cherry love seat.
Argus enters first from the kitchen then hands off the heavy fruit tray to Cruiser and asks. “What’da ya think, Drake?” He sits in the empty recliner on the edge next to oversized chair as Drake leans deeply into the leather.
Drake shakes his skull side to side with no answers as he sums the story. “The five points symbolize into a rough art work of a star meaning nothing. Then, ya’ll figure out that the symbol is Five Points Station on the former Elmo Fleming’s farmland. Go there! Then, the thunder storm and rains wash your bee_hinds here. Well, ya’ll here for a reason and a purpose. Beats me what that reason or purpose is? I’m clueless. But highly skeptical of rare coincidence…meeting all Angels at my lake home.” He neck snaps to his skull to her, inquiring. “Mella, honey, you want to volunteer any ideas for our new friends.”
Drake and Argus twist their faces to see that Mella and Dallas share a love seat as Dallas touches her delicate ghostly pale skin with his hand while commenting. “You don’t seem to tan, Mella.”
Mella looks at Dallas’ hand on her skin as she rubs her upper arm with the other hand while still wearing the tiny string bikini around her tall body with lush breasts leaking out the pads and long pale legs diving into the leather seat then explains fully. “No. I keep trying but I don’t tan…nor do I burn. I stay the same pasty white even if I try to tan inside with the newer innovations of tanning salons located around the shopping center.”
“Hmm! I find that curious.” Dallas tenderly rubs his finger pads against her forearm feeling the softness of her skin and the hotness of his pleasure as he smiles into her face while Argus rotate neck muscles around the room.
Argus views the sofa next to the love seat with Carole, Lithany, and Chase sit upright like alley cats watching and waiting for the fishy salmon treat. Cruiser and Lystra occupy the love seat between the sofa and empty side recliner while Lystra spins her saber vertically off the tile into the air without approval from Argus. Bo and Tina curl like kittens in each other arms on the arm rest of the long sofa with Tilly and Jake sitting in the opposite arm duplicating their cuddleness as Argus chuckles lightly then his vision carries his eyeballs back to Drake who stares at Mella and Dallas in the love seat.
Argus tilts his skull left then right as he stands soldierly while advancing towards Mella and extends his right hand to her as Dallas cuts eyeballs up and down on Argus with surprise. Mella chin whips her face to Argus blinking her eyelashes once, twice then thrice and neck snaps her skull to Drake as Drake nods his skull in silent approval.
Mella tenderly grabs the hand and stands front and center of Argus as Argus does not touch her physically but cups his finger pads like an imaginary Angel-halo over her skull then slides them parallel against her earlobes, cheekbones, jaw line, throat, and finally hovers above the collar bone.
Mella smiles with a goofy smirk then twists her lips, ugly as she swallows the bitter bile down her esophagus then bends downward at her waist, grabbing her stomach muscles in pain as Drake stands soldierly with concern when Argus shoots his right palm in the air while carefully watching Mella. She violently coughs, briefly wheezes then forcefully spits her mouth salvia onto tiles and repeats the cough then drops to kneecaps onto the floor.
Mella violently shivers, brightly shines, and viciously shoots a set of bright blood red-colored 23 feet span of Angel-wings from her back muscles then falls onto her chest as she continues to cough and wheezes, then uprights onto her palms like a doggie, drooling mouth salvia from Ruby red lips. She wipes her lips with the back of her right hand and slowly stands as she stares at Drake while Drake smiles goofy at her.

Dallas studiously stares at Mella then eye burn Argus as he interrogates. “You knew?”
“I know….lots of things, Dallas.” Argus defends smiling at Mella then neck snaps his skull and nods at Drake.
Lystra swiftly stands and violently hisses like an alley cat drawing her Angel-sword from the sheath, name-calling. “Destroyer…destroy her…”
“Lystra!” Argus neck snaps his skull to her and viciously names without more explanation while the teens stand in pairs and single one-at-at-time eye burning Mella with concern and fear.
Bo cautions while wrapping his arms around Tina protecting his love and his future bride. “Argus, I agree with Lystra on this one. She’s a Destroyer. Look, we should leave since we have a job to finish.”
Argus rotates neck muscles calmly to him, seeking. “Dallas, what’s your input?”
Dallas eye burns Mella vertically and comments, smiling. “She’s a girl.”
“She’s a Destroyer-angel…one of Satan’s…things. This is a trap, Argus. You’re stupid not to notice or heed her powers. She will and can….destroy…” Lystra updates and shares with all the teen Angels.
Argus truths and tattles while smiling at Mella. “Lystra’s correct. Mella was once upon a time a Destroyer-angel. She saved Drake’s Human life force. Right, Drake?” Drake nods his skull in silent acknowledgement then Argus continues. “Mella is Human and now….she remembers…again.”
“Thank you, Argus.” Mella softly talks, wiping more spit from her lips as Drake gallops to her rescue providing welcome Teddy Bear hug.
“Is this why we’re here, Argus for you to restore Mella?” Lithany inquires, moves around room with nervous energy.
“Doubt it! Side benefit…for Mella. We’re guided here for another reason.” Argus confesses but confuses at the same time as he shifts back to the leather recliner while Dallas occupies the other separate side chair and Drake and Mella share the love seat.
“Show Drake the cell from Satan, Argus.” Cruiser wisely advices as he re-seats in the love seat while jerking on Lystra’s forearm then she sits beside him.
Argus pulls the cell from his jeans, studying the face then wrinkles his forehead, funny. “Look at this. The five vertical lines are now a solid color of red, not blinking…but staring. Before, the lines had rotated around in a complete circle…much like a signal.”
The cell sings the musical lyrics in trumpet in second octave ‘C’. “Soul man…soul man…” The tune is written in 1960s by Isaac Hayes and David Porter and performed by the musical duo The Blue Brothers in 1970s from the album Everybody Needs Blues Brothers.
“Soul man? Anyone care to take a stab at the convoluted and convoked translation.” Argus offers as he stares and listens to the cell phone between his finger pads.
Carole exclaims. “The first man is the first living Soul.”
“That’s good, Carole.” Lithany comments nodding her skull for approval. “Corinthians 15:34, that’s versed is from The Holy Scriptures.” She clarifies and smiles.
“Excellent job, Carole and Lithany.” Argus compliments.
Lystra adds with miffness. “We…all as Angels know that datum from The Holy Scripture. What else does it represent? Person? Place? Thing? Alien? Angel? Demon?”
“The first man is Adam who becomes the first living Soul. Do we know Adam?” Tilly questions as lips part widely and eyebrows crinkle, funny.
Cruiser starts rapidly. “Yes, I lunched with him…yesterday.” He ends slowly. “Sorry, I don’t know another being named Adam…in Heaven…or here on Earth…or…”
“Babies, Bo.” Dallas calls as he sips on his cold beverage.
“Hush, Dallas.” Bo reprimands holding onto Tina’s hand tightly and smiling at her.
Cruiser continues nervously. “Likes to dance, but doesn’t like fruit.” He provides uselessly.
Argus talks. “I’ll venture an educated guess…here that the song doesn’t reference the first born Soul of Adam while taking another whack that it references another Adam?”
Tilly inquires. “Do we know other folks named or nicknamed Adam?”
“No.” Carole sounds.
“Nope.” Jake answers.
Lystra bellows. “Naw.”
Jake swings his face about as he purses his lips, funny then blows air slowly into the room, storytelling. “This might be significant…or could be minor. But…I know of a place named Adam. There is the Mall named Adam which is located in downtown Birmingham.”
“Insignificant.” Lystra jumps quickly shaking her brown skull side to side.
Dallas raises his single palm silencing the room, explaining. “Hold up! We’re swept up into a Creek then sailed us down into a cold fresh water Bay and almost drowned by a freaking tidal wave directly into Drake’s lake house. Why?”
Tilly proclaims. “Clearly, we’re sent to save Mella. Therefore, we have accomplished that simple task. We should exit into the outdoors. I expect another natural occurrence will rush, rush…away….”
“Destroyer-angel…” Lystra dumps with an evil tone.
“Hush, Lystra.” Lithany reprimands.
“Rush, rush away…War-angel.” Lystra threatens again.
“I hope not. I don’t like getting my wings wet, Tilly.” Carole whines in piccolo soprano to the teens.
Dallas disagrees by shaking his blonde skull like a dog. “Naw! Doll don’t need saving. Something’s here for us to figure out.”
Carole whines, again. “I dislike puzzles.”
“What’s your connection to Adam Mall, Drake?” Bo inquires.
“Well, I own it.” Drake tattles and smiles.
“The entire mall?” Tina punts wildly.
Drake clarifies and smiles. “…along with the land and buildings. Vendors pay rent to me since my Daddy purchased the land and built the structures. There might be your connection to another different Adam on Earth that’s mentioned in song singing from the cell phone in your hands, Argus. We can go to the Mall and check out the next clue.”
“Don’t think so, Human.” Lystra stands soldierly shaking her brown skull side to side.
Dallas lectures. “Michael said we must use Earth’s resources to solve the riddle. We are Angels, remember? We don’t possess Earthly treasures, remember? Therefore, we need Earthlings to provide these treasures? And we can’t use our Angel power to materialize stuff here…since we’re bundled by some of the older and experienced Arch-angels.” He sips on the beverage.
Bo subject changes as he recognizes the liquid going to Dallas’ pink lips. “Dallas…how in the Heavens did you materialize that be…” He stops then eye burns the impressive baby Angels then returns eyeballs back to Dallas and continues. “Beverage without your Angel powers. We’re…all on Angel Reserve. Do. Not. Use…”
“Chill, Bo. My be...” Dallas stops for drama then smiles for humor. “Beverage is an Earth mineral.” Dallas laughs with a hardy tone along with Argus. 
Argus playfully slaps Bo’s bicep as he circles his body in the middle of the room. “Don’t argue with a snot-hole, Bo.”
“We need Earth resources, Earth money, and Earth transport. We can’t do this mission on foot…” Dallas dictates and stands finishing the cold beer as he zaps the empty bottle into the kitchen then burps like a two-year old toddler while some of the teens giggle and chuckle and Bo snarls like a junk yard dog.
Argus fills, “…or by horse. I greatly dislike it when Dallas is right. We need Earth friends to assist us in our quest to save the unborn Souls captured by the Crimson Tails under Satan’s command. So…we go and scout out this Adam….which is found in a structure called Adam Mall in downtown Birmingham.”
Drake hugs Mella and offers. “Me and Mella will help. We’ll come along, too. If ya need money, I gots tons of George Washington’s for a VIP Heavenly cause.”
“We don’t need George Washington, do we, Argus?” Carole confuses as she crinkles her forehead, funny.
Argus nods his skull in agreement and inquires. “Yes, we do. We need George Washington and Henry Ford. Can we borrow your car to travel to Adam Mall, Drake?”
Drake twists his body with twirling Mella in his arms towards the garage leading the Angels to their next task. “I gots…lots of vehicles. Let’s go and select the ones you like, Argus.”
Adam Mall. Birmingham. Limos. 65ºF. sunny. 9:10 am. The teens vomit from the three separate silver limousines onto the vanilla concrete pathway as music sounds from the cell inside Argus’ hand as he stops listening to the tune.
Lynyrd Skynyrd musical group plays their 1970s song Sweet Home Alabama with the lyrics echoing off the white clouds. “Sweet Home Alabama. Where the skies are blue. Sweet Home Alabama. Lord…I’m coming home to you.”
“That song Sweet Home Alabama is playing over loud speakers outside the building. Did ya arrange that, Drake?” Bo inquires with suspicion as Drake shakes his blonde skull side to side staring at the cameras where the speakers are housed.
“Sweet home…Alabama…this be the place…” Dallas sings in baritone trombone, slapping hardy on Bo’s back muscles advancing towards the glass double doors follows by Bo and Tina, Tilly and Jake, Lystra, Cruiser, Carole, Argus, Lithany, and finally Drake and Mella.
“The music of Sweet Home Alabama by Lynyrd Skynyrd does seem to be coincidental to our mission as well as the other musical tunes.” Cruiser observes. “I believe this is how Satan is communicating with us to find the unborn Souls at Eve’s Tomb.”
“Yes.” Argus agrees.
“No.” Dallas disagrees.
“Yes, the next song…,” Argus debates with Dallas walking beside him as the skinny pre-teen kid with the puke green teeth braces trips over Dallas’ cowboy boots.
The kid stands dusting off the invisible dirt as he inquires. “Ya’ll an alternative rock band or country singers? Like your crazy matching white battle gear. Or ya’ll US soldiers? Is this gear available at this Mall?”
Tina placidly observes scanning the tight group of matching white clothed real Heavenly Angels who stand soldierly as they cuts eyeballs left then right for impeding danger like real Heavenly warriors from Satan’s Demons then giggles and updates Bo. “We do exhibit appear to be one unit of…something.”
Dallas orders shoving the kid towards the opposite direction as the kid shifts away from the teens. “The Holy Rollers, kid. Go back to your Mama, pal.”
Carole reprimands to Dallas. “Don’t be rude to the Humans, Dallas, especially the younglings.”
Dallas shakes his skull, mocking. “Babies, we’re running with babes, Bo.”
Bo moseys into his face, whispering. “Peace out, Dallas. I concur but some of them are Gracelings of Arch-angels.”
Mella drags Drake center stage of still Argus and mad Dallas, talking. “Okay. I’m new at all of this but ya’ll are beaming like bright flashlights in the darkness with your… (giggles)…stiff ironed pressed white Angel clothing. I believe ya’ll need a trip to the Hilliard’s.”
“Hilliard’s?” Bo repeats wrinkling his forehead at Tina as she giggles and eye burns the teen clothing store around the corner from the Bama Pretzel Vendor.
Mella explains, jumping up and down with excitement. “Hilliard’s an up-beat teen clothing store. Ya’ll need to blend into your surroundings if you’re going to defeat Satan and finish your mission.” She claps with joy since the first thrill of meeting Drake and pirouettes beautifully to face the intersection and calls. “Soooo….girls, follow me.”
Drake spins around to the male teens who have gathered into a huddle like a turkey shoot and calls softly. “This way, gents.” He finger points at Mella which is the drum majorette of the parade then snorts loudly as male teens stumble in pairs and single file towards Hilliard’s.
Hilliard’s. Junior Girl Jeans Department. 10:32 am. Mella stops and swings towards the female Angels. “I got this part down pat…ya’ll…. (waves her finger pads at the racks of clothes)….these are the current rage for any elegant Southern Belles in Bama.”
“Angels don’t carry money, Mella.” Tina reminds as she glances at the fabulous colors and styles for teens in Bama.
“Drake pays for everything which includes my black credit card.” Mella explains holding the shimmery black plastic as the overhead bounce off the surface and smiles. “This is our treat for ya’ll.”
Carole touches the pair of jeans made in the color yellow. “I like this…a lot. Tina, can I have this pair of blue jeans, Tina?” Tina nods her skull for silent approval.
Mella strolls to the three mannequins on the raised platform dressed in trendy top and jeans above the four shelves of blue jeans and clarifies to the female Angels. “Skinny jeans in outrageous colors are in. There’s yellow, aqua, blood red…like mine. You can get black, hot pink or white. Choose a weapon to cover your bootie…” She snaps her finger pads around her pretty pale face and giggles.
Carole touches the silk blouse on the rack. “This is sooo…cute.”
Tilly quickly selects a pair of black skinny jeans and silver long-sleeved tee shirt padding into the side door towards a changing room with any verbal or facial expression since she is a Death-angel with limited emotions.
Lithany touches the pair of jeans. “Too cute!” She adventures down the rack feeling the texture and deciding her color.
Carole holds three pairs of skinny jeans in various colors. “I don’t know which one to choose.”
Lystra selects her jeans holding the hanger in the air. “I like this one.” She marches to the blouses, skirts, and tops on the opposite side of the jeans.
Tina pulls a pair of jeans curving them around her arm as she advances towards the rack of blouses. “My favorite color.” Each teen Angel carries their new gear into the changing rooms as Tilly emerges full dressed then veers towards the Shoe Department.
Tina moves from the changing room into the three walls of mirrors viewing her selection of the aqua skinny jeans paired with the practice and comfortable long-sleeved cotton candy pink turtleneck that heightens her swan neckline as she giggles at the cute design and wiggles her naked toe bones while Tilly shuffles into mirror view.
Tina gasps nosily noting the new addition of Tilly’s wardrobe which are financial contributions of Mella and Drake as she eye burns the silver long-sleeved tee with scoop neck and jeweled sequined patterns of flowers in the center along the leaf petals outlined in silver on Tilly’s 36DD chest paired with the plain solid black denim skinny jeans on her long legs and a new pair of cowgirl boots covering her naked toes.
Tina admires the cool Death-angel with her no nonsense demeanor and steady calm personality along with good common sense really loving Tilly’s new cowgirl boots that colors with hot pink inlays on the leg panels along with solid black round toes of the sole.
“Tilly, where’da ya get the boots?” Tina chin whips her eyeballs admiring the shiny pink animal skin.
Lithany slides into view as her reflection bounces off the tripod of mirrors and wears yellow skinny jeans with a short-sleeved cotton mint green Polo shirt standing in bare feet and announces with glee. “Cowgirls boots…wow! They got real cowgirl boots…here. Are they snake-skinned, Tilly?”
“Crocodile.” Tilly corrects and smirks, not spoiling her Death image.
Lystra appears at the walls of mirrors and comments without joy or glee. “Why’da ya got the boots…Deather?”
Tilly explains in flute soprano. “The thickness of the animal leather will advance our Warrior skills against our evil foes while looking in-place at the Human Mall and in-style as Bama teenagers during the butt-hole kicking session.” Tina, Lithany, and Mella roar soaringly with tweedy bird laughter as Lystra presents duck lips, ugly.
Carole gallops to the mirror, smiling and expresses. “Wow! Cowgirl boots….here.”
Mella finger points at the Shoe Department. “Go for it, girlfriends!” They turn and invade the Women’s shoe counters, giggling.
Men’s Shoe Department. 10:57 am. Bo ties the new pair of white shiny sneakers around his feet stomping the floor killing pretend red ants as Dallas slaps his left foot upon the padded chair in the Men’s Shoe Department and calls. “Look.”
Bo uprights his torso, viewing with eyeballs the words clearly printed in blood red letters across the short-sleeved solid white cotton T-shirt and reads. “Horse beep.” He substitutes then roller balls baby blue pupils into his skull for Dallas’ poor choice of teenager wardrobe attire as they fight Satan and Satan’s demon locating the unborn Souls kidnapped from Heaven.
“Horseshit!” Drake clarifies reading the T-shirt correctly then chuckles along with Argus and Jake.
“Not the curse word on my shirt, snot-hole….look at my new boots.” Dallas reprimands and grins with pride then finger points at the pointy toe of patterned brown and white swirls representing snake-skin with solid black inlays against the legs.
“What’s that, Dallas?” Jake strolls to the occupied chair, eye burning the new set of cowboy boots on Dallas.
“Python.” Dallas rumbles in baritone trombone and smiles.
Cruiser demands as he twirls his skull around the store for the featured item. “Exotic cowboys…where’da ya got them?”
Dallas thumbs behind his back and directs. “Over there…” Cruiser follows the thumb direction then leaves the Angel huddle searching for a pair of exotic cowboy boots.
“These real?” Argus questions, twisting his lips, ugly.
“Real snake of python.” Dallas repeats and grunts like a wounded animal.
Bo rubs his neck muscles understanding Dallas’ new idea but disagreeing with the concept. “Don’t know, Dallas. Cowboy boots are heavy. These sneakers are light-weight for quick-draw life saving action maneuvers…”
Dallas jerks his boot from the padded chair then back steps gracefully towards the shoe shelving and slams his left leg backwards with the prettily python cowboy boot into the posed clothing dummy on the raised platform four feet from the floor as the first dummy topples to the right into the second then the third then the fourth dummy as Jake and Drake chuckle like turkeys while Bo snarls at silly Dallas.
Argus compliments and annoys. “Got it, Dallas. Don’t damage any more furniture, boy.” Argus wiggles his finger pads replacing the dummies in the upright positions as before with a touch of his Angel-magic so the Humans don’t notice the disturbance. “We only gots a very…limited amount of Angel Reserve…which we save for Satan. Right, Dallas?”
“Right…Satan.” Dallas nods his skull then grins with a toothy smile as he folds taunt biceps across the word: Horseshit!
“Let’s finish this and get back home to Heaven!” Jake calls as they peel off deeper into the Men’s Shoe Department scouting out cowboy boots.
Mall corridor. Hilliard’s. 8:16 am. Male teens scoot out of people traffic flow from the triple open doors of Hilliard’s as they gather around the living room setting space within the Mall lobby consisting of torn and beaten upon two long chocolate brown sofas, three matching ratty love seats, and four worn oversized chocolate brown cloth chairs admiring each other cowboy boots.
Argus wears a new pair of shredded maroon jeans with black/maroon/white plaid long-sleeved shirt rolled at the edges with white tee across his chest with red and gray Ostrich cowboy boots while Jake trolls in destroyer faded jeans, white T-shirt under a Navy blue hoodie with blue and brown Alligator cowboy boots. Drake purchases a red Polo shirt, dark blue jeans and a new pair of white and tan Lizard cowboy boots while Bo dresses nice in an electric blue sleeveless vest over a white long- sleeved cotton button-down dress shirt with a solid red bow tie displaying a new pair of golden tan Kangaroo cowboys under his medium-blue-colored shredded blue jeans. Cruiser selects a tan turtleneck, faded blue jeans, and puke green and brown Crocodile cowboys.
Female teens prance towards their counterparts modeling and giggling in their new outfits as Tina shows off in her pink turtleneck and aqua skinny jeans with golden tan Kangaroo cowgirl boots walking beside is Tilly wearing a silver long-sleeved tee with sequins of flowers paired with black skinny jeans inside 11-inched of pink and black Alligator cowgirl boots. Carole marches in her destroyed faded blue jeans and layered triplet long-sleeved tees of green, red, and orange in purple and white Ostrich cowgirl boots strolling with Lithany in the yellow skinny jeans paired with a electric blue Polo shirt and pink and cherry Crocodile cowgirl boots.
Lystra girl struts in hot pink skinny jeans on her tall body with solid black Lizard 12-inched cowgirl boots with white “V” neck long-sleeved velveteen shirt while Mella smiles and waves at Drake in her new attire of white skinny jean with rose turtleneck under a paisley sleeveless vest of black/pink/white with brown and white Python snake-skinned cowgirl boots.
Bo curls his biceps around Tina’s turtleneck shirt. “I like you in pink…little girl.” He tenderly kisses her soft Coral lips then they surface and smile at each other.
Tina compliments. “I like your boots, sir. Sooo….cowboy, you seem to match perfectly with this cowgirl based on our matching golden tan Kangaroo-skinned boots. I guess that means we’re compatible.”
Bo whispers into her face. “The real test of compatibility will be the night of our honeymoon.”
“You’re such a bad…boy.” Tina compliments and giggles as Bo kisses her soft Coral lips.
“Not yet! But…I will be….” Bo warmingly warns then grunts like a wounded animal into her eardrum as Tina giggles softly.
“I want…I want my MTV…I want my…MTV.” Song of Money for Nothing from the Brothers in Arms album in the 1980s played by the British rock band Dire Straits musical group across the cell inside Argus’ new jeans as he shifts the cell into the air.
“We’re being paged.” Argus comments.
“We’re being played.” Tilly announces.
“We’re being set up.” Tina expresses.
“We’re being spied upon by him…with a little ‘h’…,” Dallas annoys as Bo laughs with a hardy tone.
Litany questions. “Listen….to the new song. ‘I want my MTV.’ I don’t understand the message. What are the letters M.T.V? Is that a new clothing store, also?”
Drake shakes his blonde skull side to side, explaining. “No clothing store, Lithany. I’m familiar with the song. It’s the words that catch my attention. ‘I want my MTV’ that’s the next clue for us. MTV aired on television in the 1980s which exhibited recorded colorful videos of musical musicians playing their new records of songs and tunes.”
Bo adds. “I remembered that they played all types of popular teen and adult music from rock and rock or country hillbilly or jazz soul or pop music. But…I don’t see the connection, either, Lithany.”
“I want my MTV.” Jake frowns with twisted lips, funny. “In the 1980s, communications shifted from teens on telephone landlines to teens watching music videos. Everyone watched and talked about them, purchased music records, and enjoyed the new songs. Now, everyone communicates with these…(uprights the cell)…mobile telephones. The mobile telephone is a combo of telephone, radio, music, and computer…all rolled into one and carried every teen throughout the world including this Mall.”
Mella adds. “A teen’s true weapon is this…(holds her cell upright)…cell phone. They got the world’s…and in your case…the universe’s communications at your finger tips.”
Tina clarifies. “Mella’s right. ‘I want my MTV.’ So simple, clever and sweet! We must each purchase a new cell to receive more new clues from Satan. Let’s go shopping at the Bama Cell Center which’s conveniently diagonally from us across from the Bama Book Store.”
Mella and Drake march the parade into the Bama Cell Center as he announces. “Pick one, I’m paying.”
Carole expresses moving towards the pink girly cell, lifting it off the platform. “See all the pretty colors of phones. What’s the hottest one?”
“This one!” Cruiser holds the white cell in the air, explaining. “I think it needs to talk to ya. I can feel slight warmth, not heat between my fingers.”
“Really!” Argus comments, while lifting the next cell and feels. “Nothing, here.” He shifts to the next cell and lifts the tiny device and feels. “Nothing, here.” He shuffles and lifts the cell theorizing to the teens. “I’ll guess this is a short burst of an energy wave from…(views the Sale Clerk)…our un-friend.”
“So if’an we don’t touch the cells, this will end.” Dallas proposes holding his hands like he’s being robbed in the bank.
“Put your hands down, man.” Bo shoves Dallas towards one of the stacks of cells. “Find an energy burst, Dallas.”
Tilly concludes as she touches each cell hunting for her energy burst to fit her Soul. “No, this will go on…forever.”
Tina comments. “I have a wedding to attend. This cannot go on forever…,” She face flips and studies him by name. “Best-man Dallas. Pick a phone. Let’s finish this and get back to Heaven.”
Dallas swings to the cells then scans the different colors and styles and selects the black one, feeling the heat. “Found it!”
“Let’s finish this and get back home to Heaven!” Argus calls as Drake pays the bill and the Sale Clerk smiles with a biggy grin as the teens path outside the Bama Cell Center in the breezy corridor.
The musical song plays from Cruiser’s new mobile telephone as he holds the speaker into his eardrums then shouts. “Argus, I have a new song.” Argus and teens gather around Cruiser and Cruiser’s new white cell, listening.
“We will…we will…rock you. We will rock you.” Music and words by the musical quartet Queen in 1980s from their popular album.
Drake IQs quickly. “ ‘Rock’ is the subject matter in the musical song. But…where on Earth are we supposed to find mineral rock inside a Mall? This is crazy, guys. Adam Mall houses clothes, purses, shoes, jewelry, bed linens, kitchen appliances…” 
“….and a rock climbing wall inside the Mall on level four. Take the stairs! That’s quicker.” Jake finger points at the directory as the teens gather around the lighted platform while offering valuable instructions.
Bama Rec Center. 9:07 am. Dallas slaps his palm on the counter top getting the attention of the pimpled-face young male attendee and demands in baritone trombone. “I’ll like to rent the entire…” He neck snaps his face at the visual recreational obstacles then returns eyeballs to the attendee and fills. “…walls for the rest of the day and night until…ya close of business, buddy.” The attendee rapidly types on the computer smiling with happiness while securing the work order as Dallas buzzes into Drake’s eardrum. “Drake…you’re the man…again.”
Drake nods his skull as he replaces Dallas at the paying counter working with the attendee to purchase day and night recreational time for the facility and closing the Center to any more paying guests so the Angels can do their celestial job of finding the unborn Souls. Mella joins him as they persuade the attendee with lots of George Washington’s to leave for an early lunch and dinner as they act as managers of the Rec Center, temporally.
Bo talks with confusion walking towards the wall to Dallas. “That message is vague…”
Dallas replaces. “The message is here.” He rotates neck muscles as he eye burns the vertical rock wall then the horizontal dirt cave and instructs to both Bo and Argus. “We have to explore every nook and cranny in this place, right, Argus?”
“I greatly dislike it when Dallas is right.” Argus whispers his new motto as he hisses between breathes gazing at the high and long recreational obstacles of wall and cave as the teens huddle around Argus for the game plan from their leader.
“Area is 250 feet by 210 feet by 100 feet….,” Dallas announces.
“No Angle Reserve, Dallas.” Bo reprimands as he neck snaps his skull glowering at Dallas.
Jake finger points at the sign, adjusting. “He reads the wall plague…over here, Bo. Which one do we attack, first the fake wall? Fake cave?”
Dallas names chin whipping his face up to the ceiling visually measuring the 144 feet high wall with eyeballs, “Wall…”
“Cave.” Argus quickly names staring at the long cavern then they both stare and snarl at each other.
“Whoa the stagecoach! Who’s leader?” Bo steps between the tall, strong, brave, and arrogant Warrior-angels as he presents duck lips, ugly.
“Argus.” Dallas surrenders without fanfare then puffs out a long set of air with frustration.
“Argus?” Bo names as he neck snaps his face to the leader looking for direction.
Argus finger points at the object, instructing in bass drum. “We do the cave, first because I got no feeling on either object especially with only a small reserve of Angel skills.”
Teens line-up in a row like baby ducks facing the 15 feet high and 50 feet long horizontal-shaped cave that colors in fake yellow stones of golden tan showing an entrance curved 10 feet archway with alternating jagged or smooth panels of fake stones. The smooth stones possess cartoon-type thick stick drawings that colors in bold red, black, brown, green, and orange crayons sketching cave-man art forms and symbols.
Tina moves towards the entrance hole as the red beam of light halts her process then she step backwards and examines the structure as neck muscles rotate up then down then side to side and finger points at one of the smooth stone of the cave, tattling. “I don’t think we’re meant to enter the cave. See these funny symbols…over here. I can’t seem to pass through the red glittery beam as viewed by my Angel-sight into the interior dark shadowy chamber…like a freaking science fiction movie.”
“Who’s read Ancient Angel?” Lithany kneecaps and studies one of the smooth stones, inquiring.
“Ain’t Angel anything….this looks like they’re demonic.” Tilly kneecaps beside Lithany while concluding her ideas upon the odd art work.
Dallas concludes as he motions finger pads at Cruiser. “Gift of Metatron.”
Cruiser stands between Argus and Dallas while Argus orders. “Snap pics of cave art, then text your Dad, Cruiser. Gimme…some answers.” Cruiser shuffles towards the edge of the cave while clicking and sending the datum to his Dad in Heaven.
Bo folds biceps across his vest, smiling with happiness and nodding his skull with approval as he watches Tina and Tilly chat then concludes. “The black stone from the house of Noah holding all the Human sins is located right…here…in a child’s fake playground of plastic brown rocks and tan stones. We be done, boys…and back home in time for supper.”
“This is more bull frog crap, Bo.” Dallas warmingly warns as he cuts his eyeballs left then right for any quick danger then swings his body towards the entrance door watching Mella and Drake whisper to each other.
“Its…(points at the cave)…right here, Dallas…before your baby blue eyeballs. Open your mind! Feel the victory!” Bo cheers happily. “After we storm the cave, dug up the tomb, and save the babes.”
“I wish.” Dallas mumbles in baritone trombone as Cruiser approaches reading his cell.
Carole comments, while observing. “The cells work to Heaven?” She studies her phone moving away and calling her Mom in Heaven.
Cruiser ends with the vocal farewell. “Thank you, Dad. Okay. Based on all these childish draws and translated by Dad, the gift from Satan is a golden key. We’re to follow the trail to a golden key that leads to Eve’s Tomb and reveals the location of the unborn Souls captured by Crimson Tails…etc…etc….”
“Why would the scripture be in this type of mystical demonic writing?” Tilly challenges as she turns her face to study a few more of the yellow stones.
“It’s a warning to the demons…not to touch the golden key.” Cruiser answers.
“Why not?” Lithany inquires as she joins the huddle while other teens surround Cruiser, Dallas, Argus, Bo, and Tina.
“It’s celestial. It’s Heavenly. It’s Holy.” Cruiser explains while reading more of the texts on the cell from Metatron.
Carole responds and smiles. “Got it. That’s cool.”
“This assignment’s going to be easy.” Lystra observes standing between Carole and Lithany watching the older Angels converse in secret.
Cruiser walks to the single stone then knee crawls the length of the encrypted message, reading it out loud based on the celestial keys from his Dad. “Easy, peasy….pudding and pie…see the demonic demons…d…dive.”
“See the demonic demon…die. You’re supposed to say the word ‘die’. Because it rhythms with ‘pie’.” Lystra corrects walking towards the stone narrowing her eyelashes at the cartoon stick people.
Cruiser chants. “Easy peasy, pudding and pie, see the demonic demons…die…” Then, he laughs with a hardy tone.
“Hey there, honey pie…ya’ll…one by one…gonna die…after I kills ya…” Bass tuba evilly sounds behind the teen Angels.
Dallas body spins to the single Demon floating like a kite against the ceiling moldings as he lightly snorts and announces. “A Southern demon, I be darned….”
Cruiser reads the stone then corrects. “It doesn’t rhyme…Dallas. You’re reading the wrong…” He swings around to see the Demon and words softly, “…stone.”
Lithany pirouettes gracefully upon seeing the floating red Demon swishing his red wings and golden saber concluding with fear. “Now, I know why Metatron used Demon writing.”
“Why, Lithany?” Tilly inquires as she snarls at the drifting Demon.
“He was warning us to…stay away.” Lithany tattles with more fear.
Dallas orders, while jerking his Angel-steel from the sheath. “Form up, Angels. Warriors surround the perimeter. Messengers skip ahead, translate the writings while we busy at school recess. Bo, go with them.”
Lystra neck snaps her brown skull at Dallas and snarls with rosy lips then snaps with an acidic tongue in a nasty alto tone. “Don’t give me orders…Fallen-one.”
Argus growls like a wound animal neck snapping his skull to her. “Do it, Lystra….or you answer to me…later.”
Bo steps forward to the Demon extending arms parallel to the tile protecting Tina and Carole behind him and vocals. “I’ll stay and fight.”
Dallas adjusts sharply. “No, Bo. The babies can’t read ancient markings. You can. Find the next clue, while we tidy up here.” Bo obeys and nods his skull as he back steps watching the Demon, pulling Tina towards the cave entrance holding his sword in ready position while Carole, Lithany, Cruiser, and Chase follow Bo. 
“DRAKE.” Tenor voice sounds in the middle of the ceiling smiling at both Drake and Mella behind the cashier’s counter.
“DANIEL.” Mella calls with shock as she pulls Drake into her chest hugging him for protection.
Daniel neck snaps his skull and smiles at the teen Angels on the floor at the mouth of the cave, speaking a deep demonic bass tone. “Where’s your Southern manners, Drake? Intros are ordered.”
Drake snarls then shouts to teens, finger pointing at descending Daniel onto the tile. “Ya’ll…meet my dead demon dad…”
“Dang....say that really fast three times, bro.” Dallas laughs with a hardy tone as Argus, Tilly, Jake, and Lystra form around Dallas for protection and fight.
“Hush, Dallas.” Argus reprimands into Dallas’ eardrum then orders shouting across the counters to her. “Mella, stay put!”
Lystra finger points at the girl, reminding. “She’s a Destroyer…”
“Not right, Lystra.” Argus corrects.
Mella threatens deadly while wrapped into Drake’s caring hug. “I killed Daniel, first time…before he could hurt Drake with Beelzebub’s sword then I gave Drake my loving heart. Sooo…Daniel, I get to repeat my victory play and dance my boots on your dying flesh, Daniel, darling.”
Argus reminds at the most inconvenience moment. “Mella, you’re not a Destroyer-angel. You can’t do these tricks…again. You protect Drake since he’s still Human.”
Daniel echoes his laugh against the plaster walls grinning with an evil smile, announcing. “How wondrous…for my selfish cause, Drake? I’ve been granted another whack at ya….son.” Mella shakes her black skull as she and Drake move deeper into the shelter of the office space behind the cashier’s counter.
“No fear!” Dallas rebel yells as he jumps, T-rex towards Daniel then Dallas pitches his Angel-steel to tile as it rattles and shakes with a thumping sound.
Daniel tilts his skull, left pondering the brave foolish Angel. “Hmm! How positively quaint! An Angel code of valor.” He bows at his waist respectfully to Dallas then promises. “I…will honor your code, son. Then, I…will take my…prize.” He tosses his saber onto the tile as he uses his hands to wiggle demon-magic at Drake. Drake falls to the floor shaking violently, turning blue as Dallas swiftly attacks and hand wrestles with Daniel.
Tilly demands, while stomping her boots towards the fight. “We can’t stand around while Dallas battles for us.”
“Wow! Who…they be.” Lystra finger points at the five Demons popping in vertical lines perpendicular to hand wrestling Daniel and Dallas and parallel to the Angel forming a scrimmage line.
“Demons…Daniel’s soldiers.” Argus identifies.
“Dance with the Devil, Angels.” Tilly yells as she raises her sword advancing towards the closest red Demon follows by Jake, Lystra, and Argus as Bo jerks Tina along with Cruiser, Carole, and Lithany.
Inside the cave. 9:16 am. Cruiser comments then snickers, eyeballing the dark fake cave. “Pine smell.”
Bo shoves Cruiser forward deeper into the cave and orders. “Stow it, Cruiser! Find this key! Grab it, so we can help the Warrior-angels.” Teens follow Cruiser as Bo uprights his sword guarding their bee_hinds in the rear of the parade line.
Cruiser kneecaps at the interior entrance point while studying the yellow smooth stones and comments. “More demonic writings…this one reads… ‘Lost Eden’. That term describes forgetting to love each other living with selfish and un-pure desires.”
Carole confesses as her sword rattles in her hand being nervous and anxious. “I’m experiencing un-pure desire of terror, fright and downright fear.”
Bo slides Tina to the side and comments. “These rocks possess different markings.”
Carole boasts for fun. “Who’s the geologist?”
“Not me!” Lithany answers.
Cruiser kneecaps, studying the vertical black bars shaped against the gray limestone like he rather the art work then solve the problem, explaining. “These are trigrams from Chinese divinatory. There exist 64 hexagrams with patterns of six broken and unbroken lines representing time.”
Bo orders with a panic tone. “Just read them quickly…Cruiser before…something bad happens.”
Cruiser tilts his skull right then left and concludes. “I think that’s number 18 with the first bar broken evenly in half.”
“And the literally meaning, man?” Bo encourages with swifter speed.
“Inner turmoil and disharmony.” Cruiser educates nodding his skull with the positive response then knee slides to the right and finger points at the next stone. “This is the number 20 that represents the series of passive verbs for contemplation, looking, observing, and confronting based on the first three solid bars then the three broken bars. Ya see, the series of three’s is a lucky number….”
“For rabbits...” Bo finishes with humor then barks with fury. “Find another stone, Cruiser…preferably with all solid bars showing us the key so we can save Drake and Dallas.”
Cruiser insect crawls to each stone studying quickly the translations then finger points and announces. “Found it! Number 55…this number represents…the power of greatness. This translates into Humans surrounded by good fortune.”
Bo kneecaps next to Cruiser as he pokes, probes, and pulls the fake limestone from the fake cave wall, revealing. “And the stone surrenders the gift of….”
Outside the cave. 9:30 am. Dallas fights hand to hand combat with Daniel as blood flows from Daniel’s nostrils and left ear hole when Dallas kicks his Python cowboy boot into Daniel chest. Daniel flies into the wall, breaking the plaster. Bo holds on tightly to Tina’s hand as they emerge as leaders from the cave hole jogging to the huddle composed of Argus, Lystra, Tilly, and Jake who watch the fight, not participating.
“There’s red dust out here…” Bo surveys the floor as he parks between Argus and Tilly sliding over giving more room for Tina and Tina’s hand holding his palm.
“Naw. We dusted all the weakling demons. That’s what remains…but Daniel…their leader just want puff…” Argus explains watching Dallas gracefully somersault backwards from Daniel’s knee kick as Daniel purses Dallas towards the rock wall without tiring.
“Puff…is that the best adjective you can mustard out of your brain cells, Argus.” Tilly critiques then chuckles as she watches Dallas punch his right fist then his left fist into Daniel’s face bruising both cheekbones on his pale face.
“What’s up?” Bo questions crinkling his forehead, ugly and watches. “Why’s Dallas getting the beating?”
“Being a Fallen-one.” Lystra supplies then smirks.
“Lystra.” Argus growls lower than a wounded animal.
“Dallas called ‘Angel Code’.” Tilly announces.
“He did. I know he be a snot-hole in theory, not in application.” Bo expresses shaking his black skull side to side.
“An honor makes one respectable, Bo.” Tilly reminds.
“Thanks for reminding me…presently, Tilly.” Bo returns then whispers softly. “Dallas.” He watches the fist box at Daniel’s right earlobe drawing red blood dripping onto Daniel’s shirt as Bo cheers silently while Lithany and Carole emerge from the cave and gallop to the Angel huddle. Lithany slaps the back muscles of Bo for attention.
“What’da ya got, Lithany?” Bo face flips at the red pouch that he uncovered under the Chinese trigram numbered 55.
Lithany talks and kneecaps between Argus and Bo. “Daniel radiates in selfish and un-pure desires…as his evil Soul attacks his son Drake since they’re of same body and blood.” She smiles sweetly and swiftly lifts the red pouch to her lips then lightly shakes the item sideways. “Help has arrived. Magus lends his fairy gold dust for a very good cause.”
Lystra objects. “Saving the Fallen-one ain’t a good enough cause for me.”
Argus growls like a wounded animal at her. “Lystra?”
Lithany explains. “This was brought down to Earth by Magus for the Humans but they proved to be immature. So Magus hid the key…of purity. Pixie dust which is gold in color represents the true heart, honest devotion, and pure love.” She flips the cell open and quietly talks then finishes. “Thanks, Daddy!”
“Pure hate negates pure love. Brilliant, Lithany.” Carole boasts and smiles.
“Rush, hurry, zap the Demon. Dallas ain’t winning this round.” Bo demands watching Dallas getting smacked in the face.
Lithany lectures as the cold Angel-steel sword appears below her boots compliments of her Daddy as she finger points. “Angel Jophiel guards the Tree of Life…here on Earth with his Heavenly flaming sword to prevent the return of Man, Beast and Fallen-angels. Jophiel can’t be here to fight this evil but his fiery sword can.”
“The fiery sword ain’t burning with fire, Lithany.” Lystra observes.
“So…we will douse un-pure desires with the devotion of pure love.” Argus concludes nodding his skull with the approval as Lithany gathers a cupped palm of gold dust shining in the overhead lights then gently blows as gold attaches and covers from tip to hilt, engulfing particle by particle the entire sword emitting hot heat and sparks of red, blue, and yellow eruptions flaming into silver.
Daniel suddenly stops punching the face of Dallas as he body spins toward sword then eye burns Jophiel’s sword along with Lithany snarling at the Angels while Bo calls to Lithany. “I’ll toss the sword to Dallas.”
Bo swiftly stands and arches his arm holding the flaming sword then fast pitches the weapon towards him, calling. “DALLAS.” Demons one-at-a-time leap gracefully fifteen feet into as flying foes while the flaming sword deeply slices from neck to naval each Demon then each one explodes into a set of pretty red dust bunnies decorating the tiles. Dallas leaps, T-rex to catch the hilt of the flaming silver sword.
Daniel magically uses his Demon power presenting Beelzebub’s golden saber in both his hands like a gift then pitches the saber into the air holding his right fighting palm open catching the descending weapon by the jeweled hilt and swiftly attacks Dallas. The weapons nosily clash like steel cymbals ringing inside a popular rock and roll musical band while Daniel bites. “No more code…Dallas.”
“More color of red…Demon blood…on the floor, Danny boy.” Dallas promises slicing the flames at Daniel’s throat as Daniel jerks the gold horizontal blur as weapons cross in ‘T’ shaped when Dallas pushes the blade into Daniel’s neck.
Cruiser swings about towards the rock wall watching the tiny bits of gold dust linger in the air then clamp onto the invisible path exposing a thick thread of rope floating straight towards the peak of the wall as he hollers to the teens and finger points above his skull. “Over here! There’s the real key.”
“Inside the wall.” Carole face flips towards the wall, asking.
“See the dust blazes the minerals of the key…on top.” Cruiser concludes and smiles. “The gift of Metatron. I must climb the wall to reach the key and solve the location of the stolen babies. The gold dust has activated the key. See the glow!” He marches towards the rock wall’s hand holes.
“No, Cruiser…stop!” Argus orders standing soldierly facing the wall peak then cuts his eyeballs back at Dallas seeing the bloody fighting and double-checking on Mella and Drake huddled in the corner of the store.
“I’m stuck.” Lystra screams not being able to move her cowboy boots while she stands soldierly like a Greek status.
“What’s this treat?” Tina stands soldierly looking down at her planted tan Kangaroo cowgirl boots not moving.
“Angel magic…but from whom?” Carole questions, while bouncing her kneecaps while her boot heels stick to the tiles.
“Crimson Tail wake…” Argus explains while he finger points at the former Guardian-angel with painted blood-red tail tips in crimson color walking on top of the wall. “Ya’ll see…her. She possesses a set of unique powers on Earth then we…”
“We need to help Dallas.” Bo can’t move his boots then neck snaps his face towards Dallas and Daniel fighting to the death.
“We are family. I got all my sisters with me. We are family. Get up, everybody, and sing…” The cells play the music by Sister Sledge in 1970s song We Are Family from the soundtrack of The Full Monty.
“And stop her…” Tilly finger points at the Crimson Tail on the wall, smiling down at the Angels glued onto the tile.
“Who’s that?” Jake yells.
“Jam.” Chase comments as she wears the rough white hiking boots over her delicate pink-painted toenails and the white thin cotton long-sleeved T-shirt over her delicate pink skin and white jeans…her official fighting gear.
She stashes the straight sword inside the white leather long pouch on her back muscles and impatiently waits for the advancing teen Angel while Chase admires the delicate finger painting job of pink wild roses with short four-leaves and green stems etched from tip to shoulder of her white battle vest using her magical finger nails.
Argus explains. “Jam…her nickname is jam....like in strawberry jelly. Ya’ll are stuck in her wing wake like sea waves as she battles with her Angel opponent. One of the many advantages that Crimson Tails inherit as new talents from Satan…here….on Planet Earth.”
“My sister.” Chase clarifies staring at Jam with the bottom layer of her tail features painted in bright red which means she killed many devoted Guardian-angels for their unborn Souls.
Tilly updates into Jake’s eardrum since they glued side by side on the tile. “That’s his Angel sister. She’s lost her Guardian ward…one of Heaven’s unborn Souls.”
Argus watches him climb the wall, justifying. “Cruiser’s the only one of us free. Let him try.”
“There’s no try, Argus…only die. Geez.” Bo moans as he flips face towards the other fight and cries. “Dallas?”
“Yo.” Dallas words between the slices of steel blades.
Bo pleads. “Hurry up. We need help…over here.”
“Coming.” Dallas hollers and retreats back-stepping from Daniel aiming at his kneecap, missing as the golden saber intersects like the letter ‘X’.
Cruiser scales the wall like a cockroach with finger pads and boots tips pumping towards Jam while Jam lies on her belly swinging her golden saber like a golf club at Cruiser approaching to the peak.
“Why, Cruiser?” Tina inquires.
“Don’t know.” Argus saws his skull side to side, answering and watching Cruiser move up the 144-feet fake brown rock wall.
Daniel squats lifting his saber over his knee to thigh to waist to armpit to collar bone to eyeball to skull then shoves forcefully the saber towards Dallas’ face as Dallas falls back into a spread-eagle posture as the flaming sword falls to the tile.
Cruiser reaches the peak top and leaps, kitten-like onto the wall holding his Angel-sword in a two-fisted gripe aiming at Jam. Jam bounces on tippy toes, jumps, T-rex into the air as Cruiser advances with the tip of the sword when Jam lands deftly on the opposite side, cutting vertical Cruiser’s left bicep as he releases the sword as the tip bangs against his cowboy boot.
Jam punches the tip of her saber into his rib cage between the third and fourth bones piercing his lung. Cruiser stumbles to kneecaps as Jam kicks his nostrils with a white boot causing blood and bone fragments to explode in the air then he plummets backwards off the ledge of the wall as Jam catches his skull twisting his neck sideways then Cruiser hangs helplessly in the air.
“Hangman is coming down…from the gallows. And I don’t have very long. Yeah. The jig is up…,” the song is named Renegade from the rock and roll band Styx in the 1970s on each Angel’s cells.
Dallas dances backwards then sideways on left boot with an arm thrusts outward holding nothing as Daniel gallops closer holding the saber over his skull then Dallas drops his left hand into his cowboy boot retrieving the hidden dagger as he plummets the instrument into Daniel’s heart and jerks the beating heart back into the air waves as he snorts with victory.
Daniel falls backwards onto the tile as the saber and Daniel disappear from the Bama Rec Center while Dallas twists his skull while his python-skinned boots stick like glue to the yellow tiles looking towards the wall seeing Cruiser holding by nothing visual to the naked eyeballs but noting that he’s dead.
“Cruiser?” Tina yells.
“Is he okay?” Carole calls.
“Don’t think so.” Lystra tattles.
“Save him.” Lithany yells as Tilly stands on her crocodile boots freed from the glued tile.
Tilly hollers as the flaming sword flies by limited Angel Reserve into her hands from the tile. “Kill her.” She runs towards the wall leaping five feet and climbing like a beetle towards laughing Jam who dances back and forth on the edge anticipating another Angel fight.
“Tilly, get her.” Jake encourages.
Tilly suddenly stops and glues to the wall at 16 feet as Jam chops at her skull with the saber clearly missing from the far distance as Tilly screams. “I…I can’t help. I…I’m stuck.”
“Keep going, Tilly.” Tina calls.
“She’s taking on a Death-angel.” Bo neck snaps his face to Chase, inquiring.
Chase whispers with painful memories and jumbled emotions, tattling. “Jam has been a Crimson Tail for a few months. She’s a very good being.”
“A very young stupid being…” Bo comments. “She can’t handle a Death-angel. No one in their right mind would handle a Death-angel.”
“I’m glued, again.” Tilly clarifies jerking unsuccessfully her left fingers and both set of boot toes from the rock wall’s holes.
“Crimson Tail wake.” Argus announces. “Toss the sword to another Angel, Tilly.” She flings the sword from her hands but it doesn’t obey.
“She’s learning.” Chase observes.
“Tilly! I’m coming.” Jake steps forward freed from the glue and climbs wall with fingers and toes towards Tilly crawling over her body, holding her waist, and jerking Tilly unsuccessfully from the wall since she’s pasted like beautiful wall paper.
“Okay…maybe a little too slowly.” Chase corrects, staring at the wall action.
“Jake, kill the Crimson Tail. Tilly’s fine. Move it, boy.” Argus orders as Tilly freely hands off the flaming sword to Jake. He grabs the sword holding it in the air waves moving up towards Jam as she dances like a ballerina on the edge of the rock ledge, giggling with delight.
“Jam.” Chase whispers staring at his sister.
Jake leaps side to side with boot toes and finger pads climbing to the height of 36 feet then suddenly stops and hollers. “Hey…I’m stuck. I can’t move my feet. I’m trapped in the wedges.”
“I’m freed.” Lystra swiftly stands, while tap dancing on her cowgirl boots.
“Help him, Lystra.” Argus orders.
Lystra swings her face at Mella, smiling. “Yeah, good point, Argus. I’m help destroy her…”
“Fight against the demon, Lystra before I’m whip your bee_hind.” Argus promises in deadly bass drum with an additional snarl or two.
“Help a Fallen-one and a Destroyer-angel, you’re nuts, Argus. Let the demon do her job…” Lystra neck snaps her skull at Jam who smiles and chuckles at the glued Angels on the tile and wall.
Tilly yells and reprimands stuck like a fly on the wall. “You’re useless as a Warrior, Lystra. Whack that rope off Cruiser before I bleed ya, myself…”
Lystra reaches the top peak as Jam slices gold at the skull missing as Lystra rolls away from the ledge into the intersected wall and ceiling then jumps into the corner of the ceiling holding her kneecaps from the horizontal slice of Jam’s gold then lands on boots presenting the flaming sword vertically in front of her chest for protection. Jam slams the sword horizontal like the letter “T” singing in first octave soprano “C” as Lystra holds tightly the weapon, smiling.
“Jam,” Chase names when Jam neck snaps her skull staring at her brother with shock and surprise as Chase truths. “You’re evil, Jam. You hurt babies and other Angels. Your turn is…”
Lystra raises the sword slicing Jam’s right fighting arm off from the socket as the blade chops the visual golden strand from Jam’s body that holds helpless Cruiser then he slowly falls towards the tile as his body disintegrates into ashes of yellow dust.
Jam hollers as she disappears without emotions facing her truth enemy. “ARGUS…” She direct points and aims her sword at Argus who stands soldierly and fully exposed to the glued tile while her body dissolves into red dust bunnies along the rock ledge of the Bama Rec Center. Jam releases her saber like a firing bullet as Tilly, Jake, and Angels watch the golden saber in anticipated horror.
“Noooo,” Dallas screams then leaps, T-rex exploding his baby blue wings in the air waves accelerating like a military missile at the flying weapon as Lithany paints gold dust in the air, at traveling Dallas, and on the flying sword from the Crimson Tail as Dallas falls to the tile clutching his chest with the sunken saber hollering. “I’m hurt.”
“Dallas!” Bo yells for fear, galloping towards the still body being freed from the tile.
Dallas lands on his side rolling like a tree log until he hits the wall then bounces backwards upon his back muscles moaning in pain while his body is spread-eagle on the tile without any evidence of saber or sweat, mumbling. “I’m dead.” Then, he opens his eyelids and states roughly, wording seeing the familiar smile. “I see…my Heavenly….geez…I see Bo’s fugly ugly face. Not dead. Why I…not be dead?”
Lithany smiles along with Bo over Dallas’ face shaking the red bag in the air waves, chuckling. “This is Magus’ pixie dust, Dallas. I always loved that man.”
Bo joshes crudely. “Out of shape, man.”
“You get the next Southern hick…how’s that, bro.” Dallas wise cracks as Bo offers a hand assisting Dallas to stand upright and unharmed.
Music blasts from the single cell located on the floor as the song lyrics Shot through the Heart lyrics in the Wanted Dead or Alive album by Bon Jovi in the 1980s. “Shot through the heart and you’re too vain….”
Lithany finger points at the single mobile telephone, asking. “Whose cell is that?”
“Jake!” Mella cries out loud behind the counter as Angels race around the counter upon seeing Daniel hovering ten feet in the air waves with an open hole in his chest where the heart used to stay holding a curved wooden bow arch minus the arrow.
“I got him. I killed him. He vanished.” Dallas explains finger pointing at the floating evil entity.
Tilly explodes her wings floating towards the Demon, tattling. “Ya jerked his beating heart right out of his chest, right, Dallas?”
Dallas bobs his skull up and down, answering as he watches Tilly gracefully swing around and easily decapitate Daniel’s skull from his still body. “Yeah.”
“Demons gots no hearts, Dallas.” Bo whispers into Dallas’ eardrum as Dallas curses being gone to long from Heaven and living as a Fallen-angel on Earth.
“Shot through the heart….with the hateful Demon arrow. He’s dead.” Lithany proclaims next to Carole as Carole shakes her skull side to side with the Heavenly defeat.
Mella shakes his body as Drake lies vertical on the tile with the vertical arrow inside his heart while not breathing, calling. “Drake, stay with me….please stay with me…don’t go! Don’t leave me! Please…stay.”
Argus gently grabs her forearm since only she can handle the pixie dust and commands. “Lithany, give Mella the gold to pure the dust over…her husband.”
“Mella and Drake are married.” Lystra whispers into Carole’s eardrums.
“Guess so?” Carole reacts.
“There’s no music.” Jake scans the ceiling then his cell phone.
“Amen to that concept.” Tilly returns parking next to Jake, whispering as their skulls bend low and quiet toward each other.
“Where’s…Drake…going?” Mella inquires.
Dallas dusts the gold flakes off his hair, chest, kneecaps as he kneels besides crying Mella and stoic Argus, answering for emotional Argus. “Some place where’s its nice and peaceful, Mella.”
Mella words between sobs and tears inside Dallas’ biceps. “Will…(sobs)…will I see him…again, Dallas?”
“No, doll.” Dallas doesn’t touch the pixie dust as he assists her hand sprinkling over blue and dead Drake morphing him into a thick body of yellow dust then he disappears as Dallas helps Mella to stand on two shaking feet hugging closetly into his chest.
Music plays on the cells. “Up, up…away in our beautiful balloon…” Words by the Fifth Dimension musical artists from the 1960s bark across the interior speakers of the Bama Rec Center.
“I don’t know why we need to bother with the cells. The music blasts over the speakers.” Lithany exclaims.
Dallas leads, quoting. “Let’s finish this and get back home to Heaven.” He leads Mella towards the wooden double doors as Tina and Bo cuddle together following by Tilly and Jake, Lystra and Lithany then Chase and Carole as Argus trails behind in the rear protecting the Gracelings while the mobile telephones blast the song.
Mall corridor. 10:16 am. John Cougar Mellencamp’s lyrics and song of the 1980s Crumblin’ Down play. “And the walls come tumblin’ down…crumblin’ down.” The song whales from the speakers as the fake brown rocks and yellow stones explode into tiny pieces of plastic bites while the teen Angels swiftly gallop in pairs to safety from the blasted glass and wood behind the double doors then disappear down the darkened hallway near the bathrooms.
“Mella!” Argus races behind Dallas taking her into his hold as Bo and Tina huddle next to the crying Mella then they stop near the bathroom panting and sweating from fear, frustration, and fright.
Carole’s cell phone barks out the musical heavy metal song by the Australian hard rock band AC/DC released in 1970s on the Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap album. “Dirty deed, done dirt cheap. Dirty deeds and they’re done dirt cheap.”
Carole maneuvers towards Argus, Bo, and Tina as the other teens huddle around them while Bo offers. “A new song and if’an I’m right which I am….the code word is ‘dirt’.”
Dallas shakes his blonde skull side to side, swinging his body behind the huddle and eyeballing the commotion at the Bama Rec Center as Humans gather around the sputtering black and white smoky particles. “Naw. We just left dirt making up the dirt cave. Sooo….we go back.”
Tilly reminds holding Jake’s hand, shaking her silver skull side to side, challenging. “The Rec Center’s destroyed, Dallas. Sooo…we go forward.” She flips face towards the intersection that splits towards the bathrooms or a new corridor.
“Dirt? Where’s there dirt in a Mall…on the floor? Wait! In the parking lot...there’s clay flower pots or clay bricks on the steps or clay dirt in the soil bed…” Dallas rambles in baritone trombone twisting his skull side to side eyeballing the walls, ceilings, tiles, and other physical structures pondering the correct answer.
“Let the brains of the team think for a second...Fallen-one.” Lystra insults snarling and standing next to Dallas.
Tilly and Jake return from viewing the wall directory as Argus inquires. “Any guidance on the Mall’s directory, Jake?”
“Naw. No reference of dirt, or clay. This doesn’t solve the mystery.” Jake updates pawing the floor with his boot.
“In the song the word ‘rock’ wasn’t really the real mineral earth rock. It was only a figurative object.…maybe…the ‘dirt’ is figurative of a figurative place.” Carole proposes.
“If dirt is not dirt then it is brown or course or earthy….something.” Lithany thinks but doesn’t reach a conclusion.
Tina encourages. “Well, the message is told and the answer is here. We should split up.”
“No…” Dallas and Argus both shout then look at each other as Argus orders. “We stick together…Hell or Heaven. We don’t know exactly what’s going to happen next and we need to watch each other’s back, right, Dallas?”
“Right, Argus. Let’s stroll down the corridor in this path and see if’an we stumble upon dirt…real or fake.’ Dallas instructs taking the lead while Carole and Chase follow along with Lithany and Lystra.
“Argus, Tilly, and I are going to scout ahead…just in case…something is watching or waiting. Then, we return…fast.” Jake proposes as Argus bobs his skull with permission.
Tilly and Jake take off running in the opposite hallway away from the bathrooms passing Dallas as he yells. “Hey…kiddies…” He swiftly trots to keep up with the younger Angels, yelling. “I’m leader. I lead…” The other teens gallop behind Dallas, chatting and gossiping.
“Cruiser’s dead.” Tina moans softly into Bo’s biceps as Bo rubs both her hands as they slowly walk behind Argus and Mella.
Jake suddenly stops 50 feet ahead of the teens, admiring the poster within the glass behind the corked bulletin board and finger points, commenting. “This is a traveling science showcase for young scientists.” He two-steps reading and studying the posters. “…and it features a science exhibition of runes.” He neck snaps his face to Tilly as Dallas jogs towards the glass eye inspecting the red clay circles while Jake explains. “Runes contain real dirt.”
“The circles are fake dirt, Jake. This ain’t the place.” Dallas disagrees.
Jake updates, moving to the next poster. “The origin of the word ‘rune’ means a whisper or secret.” He lectures viewing the paper behind the glass. “Divination within runes is attributed by the two Paleolithic tribes who crossed into Europe before the Ice Age who came together and produced a combo of symbols and signs….which in modern times are found on a variety of cave paintings.” He stops then body swings to Tilly. “There is a secret here…hidden among the runes, Tilly.”
“Is that fiction or fact, Deather?” Lystra parks fists onto her belt scanning her eyeballs at the posters which leads into a single glass door.
“Fact, Warrior-angel.” Tilly updates standing against the wall waiting for Argus and Mella to join the huddle.
Jake lectures to the teens. “Runes were spread by Anglo-Saxon warriors along with the Runic alphabet…”
“So….Humans can grunt in 42 different sounds.” Dallas annoys, watching Bo and Tina slowly pad in his direction while noting Tina’s red face and tears for the loss of Drake and Cruiser. Dallas can feel the sadness among the younger Angels but they have been thrust together for a single purpose by Saint Michael.
“Runes aided in Human language throughout the world, Dallas. In present day science terms, Humans refer the dirt as mounds.”
“Dirt.” Dallas concludes as the outside speaker blasts the musical words of the song Dirty Deeds, Done Dirt Cheap duplicating the tune on Carole’s cell while Argus and Mella drag their bee_hinds last in the semi-circle then Dallas annoys and chuckles. “This be the place.”
“Hush, Dallas.” Bo reprimands into his eardrum.
“Stop it, Dallas.” Tilly orders with a friendly smile as she giggles at his silly entertaining behavior while they venture around hunting for Satan.
Dallas chants silly while not breathing between his rapido words. “This be the place. This be the place. This be …bbbb.” Jake lands a sucker punch into Dallas eight-packed abs as Dallas breathes softly. “Ugh.”
“Pick a new motto, dude.” Jake stands over the double-folded Dallas and rumbles in tenor tuba then pivots soldierly towards the entrance door of the science exhibition, inquiring. “How much is the fee for entrance?” The lazy attendee finger points at the sign: FREE ADMISSION while he leaves the booth for his free sandwich meal across the aisle as teens enter and follow behind Jake and Tilly.
Runes. 10: 31 am. Jake holds Tilly’s hand, leading the teens into a squared-shaped room filled with dull reddish-brown clay dirt covering the tile floor while the walls shine and sparkle in duller gray paint but three large round objects occupy center stage.
Jake pulls Tilly towards the wall and comments loudly for the other teens. “Not runes, these are mounds which are commonly the ancient graveyards of Indians containing ancestral spirits of natives to America. This dirt has been hauled from Bainville, Alabama. See the informational sign. I hate to repeat myself….but something’s hidden here.”
Argus stores Mella at the wall intersection appearing with four tan-painted hard metal folding chairs for Mothers and Fathers to watch over their active children, whispers into her face as she calmly sits onto the chair then commands. “That’s not VIP important at the moment, Jake.” He moves into the middle of the floor while the teens fan around him and questions. “I don’t sense any dangerous, Tilly. Do you, Bo?”
“Naw.” Bo stands on Argus’ right along with Tina while Tilly and Jake stand and hold hands on Argus’ left. Teens fan in a semi-circle from Bo to Jake observing the red clay.
Argus watches the teens scatter in different geographical direction and compliments. “Good educated guess, Jake. Let’s scout around look for a black stone which is the Eve’s Tomb and the location of the babies.”
Dallas walks towards the huddle, voicing loudly as eyeballs cut left then right with caution. “I feel something, bro.”
Argus unfriendly meets and greets with Dallas passing him moving towards Mella to check on her mental condition and snarls. “Don’t start your belly aching, again, Dallas! Or I’ll let Jake break a rib this time…”
“This time?” Dallas suddenly stops then snickers at that mental ‘not happening’ pic.
Jake stops and studies his cell, announcing. “News flash!” He reads the data and comments. “This is unbelievable. Birmingham is experiencing a series of very low impact vibrations showing frequencies that might almost indicator…” He stares at the cell. “Quakes in Bama which historical happened in 1978 and 2004 and 2010.”
“Shake, shake, shake….shake, shake, shake…shake your bootie…shake your bootie…” Music blasts from every teen Angel’s cell phone when words by K.C. and the Sunshine Band in the 1970s from the popular album Shake Your Bootie.
“Shake your butt-hole…,” Dallas words as the loud grinding sound rumbles and clay dirt shakes visually before teen eyeballs.
“Earthquake.” Jake calls.
“The mounds.” Bo finger points at the biggest one which elevates to the flat peak at three feet from the shaking and baking clay floor. “Climb the mounds.”
Jake cautions as Tilly pulls him forward along with the running Angels as they jump, slide, and jolt onto the dirt creating swirls of red tornados from their flying bodies. “No! No! No, Bo. It’s Holy Ground.” Tilly jerks Jake into her arms covering his torso protecting him and silencing his objection.
The dirt shakes for…1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds.
The teens cover faces and skulls for…1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds. 4 seconds.
The smooth white smoke floats from the red dirt into a vertical airy shape located perfectly behind Carole’s bee_hind as Lystra stands and shouts at the foreign object. “Look out, Carole!”
“Look up, Carole!” Lithany warns as she stands and finger points at the overhead developing humanoid form while Carole swings her body towards the invader while teens stand and turn towards the figure.
Carole’s cell sings the musical rock and roll sing. “Bad medicine…you love is like bad medicine. Bad medicine is what I need…,” Bon Jovi sings in the 1980s from the album Wanted Dead or Alive.
The figure molds into a tall and thin man with brown hair, pale skin, and brown eyeballs standing about six feet and three inches tall of brown robes compared to petite Carole as he compliments. “Ah! You’re a patron of healing, Little-one….just like your Father, Raphael.”
Carole back steps from the form, inquiring. “How are you acquainted with my Father?”
Asasel informs academically. “Raphael had binded my Soul by burying me under a rock in desert place on earth, leaving me…here.” He gasps with air then talks. “Now…you are here, child.”
“Meet Asasel…he lives under the rocks of the desert, Carole.” Argus explains as he commands, presenting his sword sideways for his protection while the teens stand at attention. “Do not interfere…teens!”
Carole grins and threatens. “Then…I shall finish the job by blinding thy.”
Dallas walks calmly towards the mound, lecturing. “Don’t touch him, Carole. The curse is reverse…by presence of child.” He neck snaps his face to Argus, calling. “More Angeldom…snot-hole.”
Asasel moves towards Carole as she back steps down the dirt away from him. “Raphael is also the patron of the blind, of happy meetings, of nurses, of physicians, and of travelers. His feast day is celebrated on the twenty-ninth of September along with any parlor tricks that can come from his child. However, I do believe this day to be…November 14, sweet tart.”
“He’s right, Carole.” Argus confirms.
Lithany shifts from position into the middle of the floor, offering with a wicked smile. “I can help, Carole since I’m the Child of Windmills to carry you back in time to the twenty-ninth of September. Because, my Daddy is…Arch-angel Uriel.”
“Patron of salvation and peace.” Asasel announces with shock, eye burning the young Angel.
“That be the one…silly demon.” Lithany grins and twirls on her boot heels in a circle starting slow then she gathers speed dancing like a ballerina and chants to the Heavens loudly. “The Angel over magic, devotion, and sudden changes…so, I call upon the Winds of Change…Daddy….” She swirls and twirls like a tornado as walls change from dull gray to bright yellow and the red floor turns white then she stops and announces. “September 29…Carole. Do your thing, girlfriend.”
Carole cries. “Daddy!” The large oversized ring appears below the high ceiling and hovers in the air.
“Morgan!” Tina yells and finger points at morphed-form of a girl. The female possesses long thick straight brown hair with natural gold highlights, oval face of tawny tanned skin, brown doe-shaped eyes, petite height of five feet and three inches on short legs, tiny waist, wearing red hot sleeveless blouse with a mini-skirt and knee-boots, holding the cell phone to her ear then she waves at Dallas then blows him a kiss. Tina leaps, kitten-like waving her sword in the air waves, yelling. “She’s mine.”
Asasel yells loudly staring at the ring as it descends towards him. “Nooo,” he shoots his arm out to Carole as she back steps safely from the mound while maneuvering the ring closer to Asasel.
“Nooo,” Dallas explodes baby blue wings then leaps, T-rex towards Carole, guarding her back muscles as Morgan races to touch Carole with her demon hands interrupting the binding ritual.
“Come here to me….my precious….” Carole calls down the ring like an old friend as it floats to cover the mound for a second time while Carole chants. “A magical ring brought by Arch-angel Raphael to bind the demon. Come here to me…my precious.” She watches and waits for the ring to travel down the empty air then talks. “A magical ring brought by Arch-angel Raphael to bind the demon. Come here to me…my precious and light the fire that may bind the demon…forever in the rock.”
“Nooo,” Asasel sinks in size as his brown form sucks back down into the red dirt.
Tina flies at Morgan when Morgan tosses the cell phone directly into Tina’s boot searing the kangaroo skin with heat as the blue sparkles of flames pop up creating a small red/yellow/blue fire on her square toe while Tina back flies from Morgan then hits the dirt extinguishing the oxygen mixture that causes the fire.
Bo gallops to her rescue tossing more clay upon her boot and jeans as the fire quickly dies then Bo drops onto kneecaps hugging and holding Tina while Lithany tears a path towards Morgan.
Morgan stops then spends her face at Lithany attacking her body with open arms as both girls touch then explodes into tiny red and yellow ashes then drift down and bury into the red clay as the dust vanishes while Argus yells. “Nooo!”
Guitar E plays. “Another one bites the dust…and another one gone, and another one gone. Another one bites the dust.” Rock and roll music by the artists Queen in 1980s Another One Bites the Dust.
“Yesss!” Carole cries as the fiery ring plops over the mound beaming a bright blue light towards the Heavens securing Asasel into the mound forever as she spins towards the dust drifts.
Ring! Ring! Cell phone of Chase calls then plays. “Half-breed, that’s all I ever heard. Half-breed, how I learned to hate that word. Half-breed, she’s no good they warned…” The musician is Cher from her Half Breed album in the 1970s with the song Half Breed.
“Cut us some slack…Satan.” Dallas moans under his breath as Chase trots to Argus, Bo, Tina, Tilly, and Jake for the newest Angel Pow Wow without the time to grieve for their friends.
“I’m not guessing here that ‘half-breed’ is the key word. What’s a half-breed? Angels aren’t half-breed, neither are demons.” Tilly announces staring at Argus.
“People are half-breeds.” Lystra insults then giggles.
“Not nice, Lystra.” Carole snaps viciously at the Warrior-angel. “This fight doesn’t concern Humans…just us.”
“I agree with Argus. What else is a half-breed? Maybe…not living but in either matter or manner.” Bo puzzles then twists his body as Dallas leads the teens from the science exhibition of runes into the empty and quiet hallway. No Angel talks or speaks but silently walks listening to the words of the musical song and pondering the intellectual meaning.
Pet Store. 11:00am. Dallas passes each store and cuts eyeballs left then right at the visual displays while eliminating the items inside his mental mind then he suddenly stops then back steps on boot heels and twists towards the left door staring at the door sign: BAMA PET STORE. He finger points at the sign as the teens turn and observe the store and comments. “Breeding is an animal hobby utilized by the Humans. Could this be our half-breed clue…Bo?”
There are two tall clear glass windows in the front of the store sandwiching the clean glass door without any animals for sale which isn’t a good sign as Chase answers. “Yes…” He dashes towards the door pulling the handle as the tiny door bell rings as the teens follow.
The aisle is narrow fitting only one body at a time as Chase leads and follows by Tilly, Jake, Bo, Tina, Lystra, Argus, Bo, and finally Mella as the Angel pass empty clean cages.
Chase marches down the aisle pulling his swords towards the smiling Sale Clerk as Tilly orders. “Chase, come back…here.” Then, six snakes slither out from hidden floor cages, crossing the open path of the Angels while Chase moves forward unaware of the danger and Tilly calls the warning. “Chase go, get out…use the back door of store.”
Angels line like baby ducks in a row as Dallas fills the empty spot between Mella and Lystra. Argus tries to step around the hissing snakes when white boar pigs with big white fangs grunt a nasty tone and paw white sharp hoofs on gray tile.
“Snakes, swine….where’s the dragon?” Dallas scans the ceiling and floor, announcing, remembering that Satan likes to use that symbol to scare the Humans and some chicken Messenger-angels as he chuckles..
Bo leans around Lystra and commands. “Hush, Dallas!” Teens watch the Sale Clerk morph into a red, yellow, and green dragon spreading its wings into full inflation.
Jake remarks, while chuckling. “Dallas just had to inquire.” Jake slaps his hand against Dallas’ back muscles. “Way to go, man?”
“Not me!” Dallas crinkles his forehead, ugly and answers.
Argus commands. “Stand down, Dallas!” He inquires. “Who’s your friend, Chase?” The dragon transforms into an Angel with blood red wings from tip to arch.
“Crimson Tail?” Tilly names out of deep worry and concern.
“Another one?” Dallas twists his lips, ugly then comments. “We just….ki….kindly encountered one.” He shakes his blonde skull side to side then leans over Lystra to eyeball their leader. “How many exist…Argus?”
Argus tattles in low tone which only Dallas and Lystra’s eardrums hear. “One more left….based on the verbal agreement.”
“And…you believe that VIP naughty creature.” Dallas bites then chuckles as the side walls of caged pets magically open unlatching the visual silver locks as the cute two white bunnies, two white Persian kittens, and two white Bull Pit puppies leap into the air, land on the tile then morph into six white puppies.
“X-ray dogs.” Bo names then crinkles his forehead, hugging Tina close to his chest for protection and love.
“White puppies that grow into large…Devil dogs.” Tilly explains watching the animals expand at superhuman speed into adults.
Bo inquires watching the dogs grow and growl. “They’re white. Why they be white, Dallas?”
“Ya asking me, bro?” Dallas comments watching the amusing transformation of the Earth-based mammals in Hell-based bodies.
“Come on, Dallas… answer the imperative imperial inquisitive important question.” Bo insists.
“Whoa! Four strong adjectives. Bo really is a freaked out scary stinky snot-hole cat.” Dallas kicks in then chuckles.
“I see their beating red hearts, breathing blue lungs, flexing pink muscles, and sturdy white bones.” Tilly clarifies using words since her brain cells don’t believe the morphism. “Count me as one of them freaked out scary stinky snot-hole kittens…Dallas.”
“No souls…only energy.” Dallas tattles, folding biceps over his shirt pondering Satan’s next move on the teen Angels as he observes the Gracelings in his peripheral vision for protection being the older and experienced currently Faithful-angel.
“Bad vibes.” Jake adds.
Cell phones play by the musical group called The Beach Boys with the 1966 song Good Vibrations. “I’m pickin’ up good vibrations. She’s giving me the excitations. Oom. Bop. Bop. Good vibrations.”
The door opens as the tiny bell rings when the 75 pound dog runs towards Jake and muzzles his legs as Jake kneecaps, petting his friend. “Jimbo…you’re here. Glad you’re here, pal.”
Carole back steps from Tilly, finger pointing and upsetting with her emotions. “Another Devil Dog. The thing’s attacking Jake.”
Jake orders, rubbing and petting Jim’s skull. “Naw. Angel-dog. Sic the Crimson Tail, Jimbo. Protect, Chase.”
“Protect me.” Dallas substitutes brilliantly then chuckles.
“Hush, Dallas.” Bo reprimands, slapping on Dallas’ shoulder as reprimand.
The Coon dog flips around and growls at the dogs then stalks his prey, advancing slowly one paw at a time towards the six drooling Devil dogs as Carole obliges. “We gotta help, too. We’re Angels…here to aid all lives…including livestock.”
“Give Jimbo time, he’ll clear the traffic.” Jake updates, encouraging Jimbo and motioning with his hands for the Angels to squat, or kneel while the action begins.
Jimbo launches at lead Devil dog, bites and tears off the ear then slices his teeth into the rib cage, peeling the white skin then slams his paw against the white forehead. The Devil dog drops laying flat on its side onto gray tile then Jimbo sinks sharp dog fangs into the white neck and crushes dead as the Devil dog wheezes its last oxygen breath. Then, the Devil dog explodes into white powder.
Cell phones sing. “Pour some sugar on me….ooh…in the name of love. Pour some sugar on me, c’mon…fire me up. Pour some sugar on me. Oh. I can’t get enough.” The song by British hard rock band Def Leppard from the 1980s album Hysteria with the song Pour Some Sugar on Me.
The excited five reminding Devil dogs growl, bark, drool, and advance one paw at time at the single lonely Coonie dog named Jim as Carole cries. “Help, Jimbo…please.”
Lystra finger points at the object soaring down from the ceiling towards the Devil dogs. “What’s that? A bird in flight.”
Carole cheers and claps. “Yea! The bird is Noah’s dove. Thank you, Daddy.”
Lystra pitches then giggles. “Dove….small, fragile, and useless. What can a Dove do against six Devil dogs?”
“Dove is the symbol of purity, Lystra.” Carole reminds as the Dove dives towards the squatting Angels while the bird sees the teens are safe then circles around their skulls and flaps wings in air towards Jimbo as a new mammal appears literally out of thin air in front of Dallas.
“It’s a goat.” Lystra names then chuckles.
The large mammal swings its long face and large curved horns directly at Lystra then inflates  its nostrils and snorts an amount of visible steam of heated air as baby blue moisture lingers in the empty space then slowly dissipates when the mammal swiftly jerks its neck muscles back at growling Devil dogs.
“Mountain Ram with the biggest…dangest horns on Earth.” Dallas majestically remarks after its faces the drooling dogs.
“In Heaven…correction there, Dallas! This Ram was caught by Abraham and sacrificed instead of Isaac. Go boy! Ram them Devil dogs. Help, Jimbo!” Tilly cheerleaders and claps for victory.
“Going to be a battle field slaughter…goat, pup, and bird against five Devil dogs.” Lystra predicts shaking her black skull side to side.
O! Ye of little faith.” Argus calmly proclaims while smirking deeply.
The lovely pure white glossy-haired Unicorn and Unicorn’s face appears in front of squatted Argus then winks eye socket, left at Argus as it about faces to the Devil dogs then stare downs the Devils for two full seconds. The Unicorn neck snaps its skull to the left side and inspects the line-up of teen Angels, checking their healthy status and confirms okay. He swiftly jerks its skull back to remaining five drooling Devil dogs and stares them evil things down for two more full seconds then neck snaps its skull to right side and inspects the line-up of teen Angels with pure satisfaction. Then, the Unicorn neck snaps its skull back at the Devil dogs.
Dallas whips his skull to Lystra and has to ask. “Ya know…what a Unicorn symbolizes….right, Lystra?” He deeply smirks then snorts boldly since the symbol of the Unicorn represents Jesus. Lystra slightly nods her skull and gently shifts her sword to side of her leg then quietly sits on her fanny beside Argus. Argus chuckles along with Dallas.
The Unicorn steps back from Ram and Coonie protecting the teens then shakes his beautiful long white sparkling mane side to side, bragging loudly and accepting the deadly evil challenge.
Coonie drops his skull, pins his ears back, shows his teeth then growls loudly at the Devil dogs as Ram lowers his skull, sets his sharp horn points directly at the five Devil dogs while Dove flies in constant circles above both Ram and Coonie, anxiously.
The left Devil dog swiftly runs then jumps, T-rex into air directly at the Ram as sharp horns brutally stab the Devil into its side at the location of its rib cage, then viciously flings the dead dog left side against the wall. The Devil dog prettily explodes into a set of airy fluffy granulates of sprinkling diamond-colored white dust as the music blasts from cell phones.
The third Devil dog launches from its hind legs at Coonie like a flying rocket missile as Dove sweeps its tiny wings down then up and moves in forward motion, intersecting the flying beast at eye level then Dove shifts a half inch above the dog’s wet nose and completely poops yellow small pellets into both dog’s eyeballs. The Devil dog blindingly falls onto floor and violently shakes its skull side to side with bird poopy muck flying from both pupils using both doggy paws. Then, Coonie viciously attacks the dog’s neck and tears the pink vocal cords from its throat as the Devil dog drops injured onto tile and loudly exhales its last breath then pops into a set of white dust.
Jake cheers and clasp for the Heavenly animals against the Hell beasts. “Go, Jimbo go!”
Bo kneecaps, cheers, and claps for the animals, grinning. “Dove drops the bomb into the Devil’s eyeballs.”
“Dove crap, I love it.” Dallas laughs with a hardy, hugging closetly Mella into his chest as she smiles and cheers for the Heavenly animals.
“Two more doggies left.” Carole DJs, smiling and clapping for the victory.
“Two more left….ya need glasses, Carole. Two drooling dogs, six hissing fanged snakes along with six more prancing fanged pigs waiting for us after the Devil dogs…bite it.” Lystra inventories.
“Bite it! That’s good, Lystra.” Dallas eye burns Lystra and greatly compliments as he neck snaps his face into Mella’s eardrum, teasing, ugly. “She’s a comedian, too.” He chuckles along with Mella.
The center Devil dogs simultaneously charge on galloping sharp red clawed paws low to ground and smart enough to avoid Dove’s ammunition. Then, they quickly separate from each other and smart enough to take advantage of the fight.
The left Devil paths straight at Ram as Dove dives low, while flinging more of her yellow bird poop into a single eyeball of the dog. The Devil dog automatically shakes the yellow goo from its skull, sliding sideways its body towards Ram as Ram rears, posing like a majestic gleaming red statue then viciously stomps the back muscles of dog. The Devil dog bursts into a plump of white powder spreading over the entire room.
Coonie stands his ground as the Devil dog bolts, T-rex into air for the final fate while Dove swiftly ascends and painfully punches its beak into the dog’s left eyeball. The Devil swirls sideways then slaps its tail at Dove as unconscious Dove soars like the wind sailing across the empty room and paths to the far wall for a deadly death.
Dallas rapidly releases Mella from his biceps and swiftly stands then back pedals against the wall corner, calling. “I got it. Got it.” He bends at kneecaps, cupping finger pads like a pretend baseball glove, holds, waits…1 second. 2 seconds when the music interrupts.
The cell phones blast the 1980’s tune by Bon Jovi. “Lay your hands….on me. Lay your hands….on me. Lay your hands.” 
“Catch her, Dallas!” Argus yells and stands, watching the Dove’s fate.
Dove smoothly lands into his palms as Dallas shouts excitedly. “I got her. I got her.” He cradles the little soft white bird to his T-shirt as Dove softly coos. Dallas pulls the small mammal from his chest then smiles at Dove as Dove shakes its tiny skull, flipping onto its claws in his open palms, batting its white feathers then coos at Dallas. Dallas responds, smiling. “You’re welcome, doll.”
“Yea, Dallas!” Carole stands, claps, and cheerleaders happily.
“Great catch, man.” Bo compliments, pumping a folded fist into air for the victory then swings his body to Tina, hugging her closetly then her pulls back and kisses Tina as they re-seat on floor.
Coonie waits for its prey as the last Devil dog circles in air borne flight then descends upon Coonie as it kicks with a powerfully thrust its back hind legs against Coonie’s skull and connects successfully. Coonie twirls like a majorette baton into the stacked animal metal wire cages as scattered equipment hits the wall while Coonie softly moans from the impact.
Ram quickly swings its massive body towards the last Devil dog and loudly snorts, lowering its skull for the deadly horn attack and finishing the Devil dog. But…Coonie surprisingly jumps from the wall, landing onto the dusted floor and loudly barks at Ram as Ram uprights its skull then stills and watches, patiently.
“Jimbo wants the kill.” Jake translates for teens.
“Go Jimbo, go!” Tilly cheers.
Coonie and Devil circle each other while they growl, drool, and snarl at final end then Coonie rears upright on its hind legs, showing fangs and charges in light speed while the Devil rears on its hind legs. 
The dogs dance upright in a two-step position with front paws locked onto front paws as they growl nasty at each other while Coonie ducks its skull left. The Devil bites into Coonie’s shoulder as Coonie whines then slams its skull into the Devil’s side.
The Devil breaks free from the dance and swiftly drops and lands heavy onto the dusted tile, flipping onto its back spine then Coonie dives teeth and tongue into the dog’s exposed chest cavity, sinking sharp fangs and tearing white skin while dragging the red pumping heart from the dog’s body. Then, the Devil whines softly, exhales and explodes into white dust.
Carole horizontally extends her index finger in air as Dove lands on the finger and sweetly toots at the Guardian-angel while Carole acknowledges. “O! Thank you, little Dove. Thank you so much.” Dove toots, twice then swiftly disappears from the store.
“Jimbo…good boy, Jimbo.” Jake congratulations and relieves that his Heavenly pal is alive and unharmed as the snakes upright and loudly hiss while the teens sit back in place on the floor.
The cell phones sing. “Oh, I was born six-gun in hand. Behind a gun I’ll make my final stand. That’s why they call me Bad Company. And I can’t deny. Bad Company…till the day I die.” Music from Bad Company in the 1970s tune.
Bo squats on kneecaps leaning over to whisper into Argus’ eardrum. “What’s happening here? Why aren’t them evil creatures of Satan vanishing?”
The Crimson Tail lands deftly on top of the rear counter between the rear door and wall, grinning with a set of perfect white teeth, standing at five feet and five inches with slick black hair forming into a neck-length ponytail on heart shaped face, black sideburns, glowing beige-rosy skin over his ripped muscles lining his white T-shirt paired with white jeans and crimson and black cowboys. The prominent features are his arched wings from tip to top paints completely 99.9% colors of solid blood red as Edgar talks. “My turn, Chase.”
“I’m sorry about Jam.” Chase calls, moving toward Edgar for the fight.
“I’m sorry…too. But, you can’t make me feeling better by…dying.” Edgar promises, holding the saber two-fisted in the air then slams his fist into Chase’s jaw as Chase hits the wall.
Tilly stands and calls. “I can help, Chase.”
Argus reprimands while shaking his blonde skull at her. “We’re not allowed, Tilly. This is his fight, not ours. Sit back down…”
Jake talks into Tilly’s eardrum. “I remember the stories you told, Tilly. What will happen if his wings become completely 100% blood red?”
“Chase won’t like that happen. So…we’ll never know. Edgar was the first defeated Guardian-angel losing to Satan, himself.” Tilly explains then quiets watching the deadly fight.
Chase stumbles and circles the wall as Edgar pads closer to the back muscles when Chase kicks his boot into Edgar’s jaw line. Edgar flies backwards into the corner wall rubbing the blood from his busted lips and snarls loudly as he flies upright and zooms into Chase.
Chase raises his sword as the saber clank, clink, and clash from low to high octave of e-flat creating various forms of x-letters in the air waves while Chase holds his own against the oldest Crimson Tail in the cosmic. Edgar slices the saber into air holding the sword at bay then pushes with a powerful gust of force as both blades lean heavily towards Chase’s chest cavity while Edgar pushes and grunts like a wounded animal. The sword and saber slowly ease towards Chase’s shirt as Chase pushes the sword in the opposite direction then Edgar kicks his right foot into Chase’s bend kneecap. Chase tumbles flat onto his back with legs in the air with Edgar plummets the saber into the heart, killing Chase as the body bursts into a wave of yellow dust bunnies.
Edgar tosses his skull backwards watching for something. His wings do not paint with any additional colors of blood red from Chase’s death that would display the wing arches into a solid art form of red instead he screams. “Ahhh!” The nasty blue lighting bolt impacts into his chest cavity knocking Edgar flat onto the gray counter.
Then, the Unicorn rears on his hind legs and beautifully paws the air then slams his glittering front hoofs hardy onto the tile as hissing snakes, grunting swine, and Satan’s helper vanish immediately.
Bo, Tina, Tilly, Jake, Lystra, Carole, and Argus wipe the white dust off their jeans, stand and slowly path towards the archway with Jimbo in the lead.
Mella neck snaps her skull to Dallas, whispering softly into his eardrum. “I don’t understand, Dallas. The…(pauses)…Unicorn…did not interfere.”
Dallas drapes his bicep over her shoulder, pulling Mella closer into his chest and advances out door of Bama Pet Store, tattling. “That’s right, doll.”
Dallas, Mella, Bo, Tina, Lystra, Argus, Carole, Tilly, and Jake horizontally strut in a row down the empty aisle searching for the next clue to the location of Eve’s Tomb revealing the hidden unborn Souls from Heaven inside Adam Mall in Birmingham, Alabama as the music plays on loudly on each Angel’s cell phone.
“Wanted dead or alive! I’m…a cowboy! On a steel horse, I ride. I’m wanted….wanted dead or alive!” The music of the 1980s by the band Bon Jovi from their album Wanted Dead or Alive.
Bama Pizza Palace. 12:00 pm. Twins look about four years old consisting of boy and sister with brown skin and dark eyeballs, holding each other hands and suddenly stop, finger pointing at Dallas then switch finger pads at Bo, Tina, Lystra, Carole, Argus, Tilly, and Jake. Next, they huddle their tiny skulls together, whispering softly as they eyeball Argus.
Argus moves from the line-up, leaning over the children, inquiring. “Lost, little man.” He kneecaps and extends his arms in welcome as the children giggle then leap, kitten-like into his steel biceps, whispering softly into each eardrum as Argus silently nods his skull at their precious words.
Tina announces proudly to the teens. “Children hear us sing, praise, and pray. Our voices are beautifully pleasure and harmoniously pleasant to their little ear drums. Have they provided a clue, Argus?”
Argus talks as he cuddles the kids. “Naw.” He commands. “Jake, will you, Tilly, and Jimbo escort the children back to their parents….over in that direction?” He finger points against the wall holding different types of food establishments.
Jake squats on kneecaps, petting his single hand on Jimbo’s skull while motioning the other hand at the kids, announcing. “Yeah, hey, kids, let’s find your folks. Ya like dogs?” He rubs the dog’s head as the children gallop towards Jim, smiling and giggling while Jake intros. “This is Jimbo. Ya can touch him…(children pet dog’s skull)….he likes ya, see.” Tilly and Jake grab a small hand, leading the kids towards the row of restaurants with good smelling food.
“So, we’re closer than this morning, Argus?” Tina inquires holding her hand tightly around Bo feeling both defeated and deflated from their numerous battles inside the Mall.
“What’da ya think, Dallas?” Bo asks as Dallas and Mella join the huddle along with Carole, Lystra.
“I think I’m hunger. I like to murder and maim on a full stomach.” Dallas reaches around Mella and tugs on her long silky black hair then chuckles as she smiles at his silly act.
“Argus,” Jake names as he and Tilly wave hands and finger pads like an American flag getting the attention as the teens maneuver towards the restaurant.
“Pizza Palace.” Dallas names, while stopping at the front of the window and peeking inside the frosted glass.
The tall queen-sized woman launches from the door grabbing the kids and squatting down in their faces, whispering then she stands and announces. “Jack and Jill told me that ya’ll found them wandering around the Courtyard. Sorry about the trouble. Thanks for finding them. They…are…my little angels.” Argus smiles at her precious statement as she motions her hand inside the restaurant.
She offers. “And ya’ll…are my big angels for the day. Come in on, teens. We gots lots of empty tables in the back room since the Rec Center decided to implode this morning. Everybody went home to gossip about that mess. This world’s funny. Folks don’t give any care excep’ for nasty news. Ya’ll look beat and beaten.” She leads the teens into a squared-shaped room big enough to house 50 people. “Take a seat…anywhere. I gots lots of hot steamy pizzas ready for eating. I don’t like wasting precious food. There are too many folks in the world that need food to waste it. Right?”
“Right?” Dallas agrees, chuckling along with smiling Mella.
Mella pulls the wallet from her purse to pay for the food as the woman waves off her hand. “Naw. Free food…today for nice young teens watching over my little angels. Look…see…there’s plenty of pizzas….cheese, double meat, veggie….and others.” She moves towards the archway. “Ya’ll help yourselves to the food and there by the wall are plenty of drinks. Enjoy, kids. Thanks again for finding my Heavenly babies.” She departs.
“Thanks, kindly.” Argus bobs his skull, complimenting as the teens grab pizza boxes and separate into different booths on different sides of the medium-sized banquet room setting up their lunch area.
Booth of Argus, Carole, and Lystra. “A copper penny for your thoughts?” Argus words and smiles at Carole then he gobbles down the folded meat slice of pizza.
Carole shakes her blonde skull side to side, ignoring the slice of cheese on her plate, announcing. “I confuse Argus. We aren’t any closer to the unborn Souls. We got…nine Angels…”
“Mella ain’t no Angel, Carole. She’s a Destroyer…,” Lystra clarifies then stabs the veggie pizza between her pink lips, ugly and chews viciously.
Argus offers, touching gently her finger pads, nodding his skull at the pizza. “I’m sorry about Chase.”
“O! Thank you. Yeah…he was a Guardian angel. Daddy probably isn’t happy, since he watches from above.” Carole finger waves at her Daddy towards the ceiling then giggles with a nervous girly tone while ignoring the food. “We lost the human teen named Drake after we lost Cruiser then Lithany. She…is…was my bestest friend in the whole….”
“I’m your best friend, Carole.” Lystra cries then sucks down another veggie slice.
Carole eye burns her plate, hoping for a good answer. “When’s this all going to end, Argus?”
“Soon, Carole.” Argus encourages polishing off the third meat slice. 
“I vote to send Fallen-one and Destroyer-babe to the other side, literally. They’re trouble for us …or worse…they’re the spies…spying on us...and using our data to…,” Lystra enjoys being boss.
“Lystra.” Argus growls like a wounded animal at her then starts on the cheese pizza slice.
Carole lectures not being interested in eating as she observes Dallas and Mella sharing a booth on the south side of the room. “I’ve heard of Destroyer-angels but never met one….until today. My understanding…once their single purpose is fulfilled, they’re destroyed…popped out of existence for fear of retaliation upon their demon master. Hence, the nasty name…Destroyer.”
“Correct, Carole. They exist for one sole purpose then immediately extinguished.” Argus confirms slurping the sweet tea.
“And Mella?” Carole inquires, staring at her.
“And Mella, what?” Argus asks then swallows the lump of bread down his throat.
“Argus, she exists.” Carole reminds without finger pointing at the girl.
“She didn’t fulfill her purpose as a Destroyer-angel, Carole. Hence, Mella lives…here on Earth as a human.” Argus updates and smiles while touching her hand gently.
“Is she part of our purpose, Argus…here to find the unborn Souls?” Carole grins sweetly at Argus.
Argus twists his lips, ugly and stares at her. “I….believe so in some small part except that Dad didn’t mention her presence in our journey or…Drake’s intervention.”
“Drake’s dead. Hence, Mella goes…back…to…Hell.” Lystra demands and snarls at Mella and Dallas in their booth as they enjoy their chat and pizza slices.
Argus narrows his eyelids, staring straight into her face, commanding. “Lystra, I think…(points finger at him)…. me and…(points finger at her)…. you need an understanding, here. I lead. I decide. I command you, not the other way another. Do ya get it, girl?”
Booth of Tina and Bo. Tina inquires, sucking on the strawberry juice. “Did ya know Cruiser, Bo?”
Bo swallows the lump of bread consisting of double cheese and sausages, shaking his black skull side to side then addresses. “Gone too long, afraid. Dallas’ is right. Them angels are babies…too me.”
“I didn’t know Cruiser either or any of the other teens who have accompanied us on this mission.” She pauses for drama then confesses. “I’m afraid, Bo. I only a Guardian-angel on my second real assignment since my first one blow up like a fourth of July fire cracker in my face.”
Bo crams the fourth slice into his mouth, shifting the contents into his left cheek then addresses while placing his arm around Tina for comfort. “I’m here to protect, sweetheart. Nothin’ will happen to ya. I promise.” He chews three times and swallows the lump of bread, cheese and meat reaching for any piece of pizza.
“I do believe you, Bo and you…seem very unafraid. This mission has been plotted for a long time?” Tina inquires based on her excited feelings and acute observations of Bo’s secret meetings with High Command when he wasn’t watching her.
“I can’t lie. Yes.” Bo slurps rudely on sweet tea beverage and answers.
“What about Dallas? Is he off probation?” Tina asks then eats her cheese slice.
“Definitely.” Bo bobs his skull up and down then drinks more cool refreshing sweet tea.
“He’s like that mystery guest in the play house….you don’t see very often.” Tina mind plays with Bo then slurps on her sweet tea drink.
“Naw. Not…Dallas.” Bo reacts, polishing off the last piece of double cheese and sausage pizza while opening the new box of meaty ham and pepperoni.
“Dallas is diff.” Tina observes, eating another bite.
“Independent angel…” Bo substitutes brilliantly then chuckles as he crams the new meat slice between his lips.
“No, independent angels are called demons. Dallas has an independent mind.” Tina adjusts and smiles.
“Dallas is highly intelligent…brain-wise. He just can’t keep his bratty independence in check.” Bo twists his lips, ugly then neck snaps his face to observe Dallas and Mella sitting together inside the same booth but on opposite ends then he ponders and thinks that isn’t a good idea.
“Neither, can you, Bo. You boys are sooo…alike….like Earth brothers.” Tina giggles with a girly tone and continues, battering her eyelashes at Bo. “Ya’ll bud together…kinda like from birth.” She winks her eyelash, right at Bo then giggles. “And I don’t have to deduce that. Ya’ll’s playful banter….is sooo….obvious. You’re not really a Guardian, are you, Bo?” Bo quits chewing and eye burns the wall as Tina lecture….way too accurately. “First off, you fight…way too well for only Guardian. Second off, Dallas bests ya.”
“I beg to differ, doll.” Bo talks while spits food particles across his plate.
Tina giggles then swallows her food, questioning. “You and Bo are Warriors…along with Argus.” She views Argus touching on Carole’s hands and whispering into her eardrums as Lystra moves towards the beverage counter. “I guessed that role. Ya’ll are the same age, right? Played together? Studied together? Worked together…very well like a complete drum set with ringing cymbals. Tell me….what’s so special about Dallas…Bo?”
“Dallas ain’t special, sweetheart. I’m your…special guy.” Bo kisses her hand then kisses her cheekbone as Tina doesn’t shift her face towards the challenge.
“Fallen-angels are never….ever allowed back into the Flock, Bo…for any rhyme or…reason. I might be young, not stupid.” Bo crams the folded pizza slice into mouth and vigorously chews while avoiding any spoken words then he finger points at his lips as Tina bobs her skull up and down, commenting miffed. “Uh…huh! Then…I guess that I’ll find out on my own since you enjoy playing mind games with your future wife. There are other Angels available on this particular trip to converse with about….using Lystra’s lovely nickname…the Fallen-one.” Tina eats her pizza.
Bo swallows then compliments, smiling. “See….that’s why I’m marrying you, Angel. You’re both smart and sour. I like that strong personality. Hope our daughter’s just like ya, sweetheart.” He kisses her food covered lips as Bo laughs with a hardy tone reaching for the new slice of meat pizza. “I’ll be a good boy, save ya same time since we’re on a VIP mission…give you a hint. There’s one other being among the troops that knows about Dallas.” Tina purses duck lips, ugly and blinks her eyelashes once, twice then thrice, while waiting impatiently for the name as Bo tattles. “Argus.” He chuckles then steals a kiss from Tina’s lips while stuffing another folded large slice of meat lover’s pizza into his mouth as Tina wrinkles her forehead, ugly.
Booth of Tilly and Jake. Jake inquires after finishing the ham and pineapple slice. “Did you know Chase?”
“Yes. He was very new as Guardian…less than an Angel year. But…his sister with that funky name for a Crimson Tail called Jam who was nicknamed by Chase, ironically.”
“How come ya know so much?” Jake quizzes starting on another slice.
“Deathers receive tons…of datum stored and filed confidentially. You’ll learn that, too….except I do not know Edgar. Did you see his wings tips, completely and almost 100% blood red to the tip of his shoulder arches? I have seen lots of wings, not blood red like that.” Tilly updates then chews on the delicious double cheese pizza with the stuffed crust.
“I have learned that demons all have red wings along with red battle gear. Are their bodies red, too?” Jake inquires, sipping on his cold beverage.
“No. Demons have red body gear like the ones we killed in the Bama Rec Center. Edgar and Jam became Crimson Tails when Guardians lose the battle over the unborn Souls. The red represents the blood of the newborn babes. Don’t worry they…are not killed…not even harmed? They are stolen and stored…from us. Their red tint’s deeply colored like the color of crimson mixed with red and purple to distinguish them from the fire engine red demons as dictated by Satan. Edgar was an old Tail with that much blood red on his wings and successful as well.”
“Do we fight Crimson Tails?” Jake inquires.
“Never, we don’t fight. We’re neutral like the country of Switzerland and work with both set of Angels and Demons since we are the keepers of all the dead Souls. Ya know….sometimes Souls don’t go directly back into Heaven.”
“We visit inside…Hell?” Jake guesses with shock.
“All the time. I know Satan but you do remember that…right?” Tilly inquires as Jake shakes his brown skull side to side and comments. “He’s a nice guy to me. But…I’m Arazel’s only blood-child. Daddy’ll flame boil Hell twice over if something happens to his little Daisy. That’s my special nickname from Daddy.”
Jake drops the pizza, placing his dirty finger pads around Tilly’s shoulders, whispering. “And…what’s my special nickname by Tilly?” He smiles and kisses Tilly’s face as she giggles and whispers into his eardrum.
Booth of Dallas and Mella. Dallas swallows the lump of pizza then finger points at table while he materializes a small paper notepad and an ink pen using some of his Angel Reserve as Mella sips on the hot tea and comments. “Writing me a love note, cutie?”
Dallas chuckles and addresses while making notes upon the paper. “Naw! Can’t spell love…”
Mella chokes then coughs clearing her esophagus of liquid then comments. “Wow! Where did that come from…your bruised heart?”
Dallas smart-asses with a smile. “A bruised heart is a medical condition called myocardial contusion…only caught by Homo sapiens.” He sips on the cold beer that he found inside the beverage refrigerator.
“We…angels…can get bruises on our hearts.” Mella reminds softly.
Dallas smiles, eye burning her sad face. “Ya got a bruise on your heart, doll.”
“Sorta. I know that I sound selfish but will I see Drake in Heaven. That is, if I will go to Heaven when I die…and if I die and if I go to Heaven…,” Mella rambles with nonsense as Dallas watches her play with the fork holding the slice of pizza.
“Yeah, doll. You’re going back to Heaven.” Dallas decides bobbing his skull up and down to help her adjust to the loss of Drake and her new ID as human on Earth since that’s what Angels do.
“You sound so sure…Dallas.” Mella talks softly and blinks her eyelashes once, twice then thrice at Dallas.
“Get it on good source.” He flirtatiously winks his eyelid, right at Mella then eye burns his writing pad, scribbling down notes from his brain cells.
“You must be referencing Argus, first born son of the Prince of Angels. He’s powerful, smart, strong and…” Mella lists from her memories of Drake’s descriptions.
Dallas talks with writing. “Ya could say stuff like that. Argus gots lots of slick swift tricks up his invisible Angel sleeves.”
Mella stares at Argus and Carole eating and chatting inside the booth sitting on the same side as Lystra moves towards the bathroom, offering. “I was never introduced to Argus before today. He was Drake’s friend. Why couldn’t Argus save him, Dallas. They were very good friends….been very good friends for a long, long time…here…on Earth.”
“Don’t work like that, doll.” Dallas frowns his lips, funny then neck snaps his skull at Argus, inquiring. “How did Argus and Drake meet?”
“I cannot answer that inquiry.” Mella answers softly then eats the cold food from the fork.
Dallas draws diagram, talking out loud. “Cell to Heaven to Michael to Argus…,” He blinks his eyelids once, twice then thrice, theorizing. “Argus can touch cell. Interesting! Argus is leader of mission. Fascinating! Argus is friends with Drake. Amazing! Argus has restored your powers. Argus is the common factor, here.” He taps the paper with a thumb and index finger, studying his conclusions.
“I find it quite logically, Dallas. Do you question an underlying motive, here…with Argus?” Mella inquires then eats another bite of the cold pizza.
Dallas looks at Argus eating his food and rumbles in baritone trombone. “Not Argus, he’s pure and noble as them Angels get. Born First Boy Scout into the troop along with Bo. I guess, they are like…twins if’an Heaven ever allowed twins or triplets or siblings for that matter.”
“Bo knows Argus.” Mella eye burns Bo and Tina cuddling sweetly inside their booth as they chat, eat, and giggle with each other like love birds. “Argus knows all the Angels in the Flock. That would make sense that Bo knows them, too.”
“Naw, doll. Bo just finished a long 100-year assignment with a Soul and just returned into Heaven while still being on vacare.”
“Vacare?” Mella words mysteriously.
“Old Latin word for vacation time to Angels. Sooo….the logic factor falls back to Argus but why?” Dallas explains while pondering the role as well as the safety of leader Argus in this deadly mission since by Saint Michael.
“You’re a book worm, Dallas.” Mella compliments and giggles then slurps on her hot steaming beverage in the tea cup.
“Muscles over mind…,” Dallas quotes with nonsense then chuckles.
“Ah! You’re the snot-hole in the Flock.” Mella giggles with a girly tone and tattles. “Jake is…was the snot-hole at his school. He won’t resist helping a friend. He is…was that kind of Human. Now…he’s…he’s what, Dallas?”
“Part of the cosmic, doll.” Dallas addresses then eats another slice of pizza.
“I sound like a cold fish but I can’t…don’t release any feelings so…soon…soonest. I feel….,” Mella pauses for drama then words softly. “No…I don’t feel.…nothing. I should feel something. I should feel sorrow, right Dallas? That’s the right Earth emotion?”
“Naw, not Soul mates.” Dallas concludes immediately sipping on the beer, observing Mella pretty facial features.
Mella kicks in viciously. “I saved his life, Dallas. We were destined to be together until the end of our limited deprived two parts and one parts oxygen hydrogen mix. I remember after Argus touched me. Pow! Like that, I remembered all those memories….(frowns her forehead)….I didn’t know those memories existed before Argus touched me. Why did Argus do that, Dallas?”
“Naw, doll. Soul mates don’t work like that. Ya see…when you’re nailed like iron shoes to horse hoofs, they don’t fling off. That’s how the Soul mate concept works. Shoe to hoof…” Dallas laughs with a hardy tone while entertaining sad Mella getting her to grin a time or two….like now.
“You have a demonic sense of humor…Dallas.” Mella comments then grins really big as Dallas sips on his beer.
“Thanks, doll. How did you and Drake meet…(holds his palms upright)….I don’t mean to pry…if’an you want to talk.” Dallas offers with peace.
“I like talking. I need to talk. This…is….” Mella pauses for drama then storytells. “I saved his life from Daniel. Daniel was…”
“My dead demon daddy…” Dallas fills then chuckles at Drake’s dark humor.
Mella continues. “Daniel was Fallen, mated, and married to Drake’s Mama. Drake was born with pure heart…not even demon Daniel could change that. I have learned that all Souls come from Heaven from but only you…rule your heart. Drake taught me…”
“…purpose.” Dallas fills for her.

Mella drops her jaw then repeats while bobbing her skull up and down. “Yes, purpose, hadn’t ya know?” Dallas smiles at her as she questions. “Sooo….your theory is that Drake and I were not Soul mates.” She looks at Bo and Tina, inquiring. “Are Bo and Tina real Soul mates?”
“I matched them when I was…” Dallas pauses for drama then smirks deeply. “…visiting on Earth. Bo and Tina are grand Souls mates along with Tilly and Jake. I take credit for that one, too. I’m a great Heavenly matchmaker….and my Angel radar blinks that Argus and Carole are lightning the dark blue skies…over Alabama.” He flirtatiously winks his eyelid, left at Mella as she giggles with a girly toot.
Mella lifts the pad from the table, commenting. “You sketch…(examines the notepad)….are…words…”

Michael
v
Argus
v
phone
v
Earth
v
Mall
v
unborn Souls

“Doesn’t make any sense, Dallas?” Mella puzzles, frowning her twisted lips, funny.
Dallas resumes eating his pizza folding two pieces together as he addresses. “Mental thoughts floating inside my brain so I transferred them onto the paper, if’an I can’t think it, maybe I can see….that’s all.” He crams the food inside his open mouth as Mella guides her eyeballs down the vertical list.

Aneathea
Drake
Cruiser
Chase
Lithany

Mella concludes. “Obviously, names of the dead. Who’s Aneathea?”
“Adiabel…” Dallas dumps while finishing the beer then pops a new cold bottle onto the table with his limited Angel Reserve.
“What does that funny word translate into?” Mella inquires.
Dallas defines academically. “Pretty much…purity.”
“Life is pure.” Mella proclaims.
Dallas exclaims. “God is pure.”
“God is pure light.” Mella meshes together.
“I am the Alpha and the Omega.” Dallas announces exposing his armpits as Mella giggles with a girly tone.
Mella proposes. “The beginning. If there is always a beginning, then there is always an ending, right Dallas?”
Dallas rubs his tired eyeballs then sips on the cold beer, remarking “Tired of them riddles. Just fight….with fists or swords….and get it over with so’s we can get back home to Heaven.” He sighs then breathes deeply commenting. “Where’da ya learn about God in your High School teeny bopper classes with Drake?”
“No, in my Destroyer-angel classes in He….” Mella suddenly stops, pondering her information.
“Were they held in Hell?” Dallas questions with intrigue, crinkling his forehead, ugly.
“I don’t directly know where I was during my formal education. It wasn’t on…” She looks around the wall and ceiling then comments. “…here on bright sunny Earth. I was inside a dark underground facility. Ya going to attack my homestead, Dallas?” Mella joshes then giggles.
Dallas enjoys the banter with the bright girl. “Not much direction, there, doll. All Hell’s underground with sizzling hot and boiling water.”
“I don’t remember the sizzling hot and boiling water. But, I did learn to drink tea…(picks up her teacup sticks her pinky finger out)…like a proper Southern Belle.” Mella announces then giggles.
Dallas leans his skull across the pizza boxes staring into her beautiful twinkling baby blue eyeballs. “I’m never met a Destroyer-angel.”
“Former.” Mella corrects then smirks deeply.
Dallas grins with a toothy smile slamming his back muscles against the padded seat, challenging. “Former Destroyer-angel, heard lots of them luscious rumors that haphazardly float up into the Heavens…ya interested in exhibiting some of the more common bad girl habits…for me.”
Mella subject changes on purpose, giggling. “I’m never met a Fallen-angel.”
“Former.” Dallas corrects then smirks deeply.
“Former Fallen-angel…but I…too have heard un-confirmed juicy gossip about ya’ll…naught boys…” Mella flirts and winks her eyelash, right at Dallas as Dallas grins with a goofy smile.
Dallas leans across the pizza boxes almost touching Mella’s nose bridge, whispering. “Well…we should compare our worn out former celestial notes. Might find….we have some fun things…in common.”
“Touché.” Mella mouths softly as the music blasts from the hidden speakers along the walls of the restaurant.
“Sweet emotions…sweet emotions. Talk about things that nobody cares. Wearing out things that nobody wears. You’re calling my name…” Words of Sweet Emotion by the musical group Aerosmith in the 1970s from the album Toys in the Attic as Argus knocks on the table with his fist.
“Time to go…” Argus commands and eye burns Dallas as teens behind Argue shift towards the archway. Then, he stares at Mella. “Dallas….”
Mall corridor. 1:02 pm. Teens gather around the setting of worn covered tan chairs and green growing over watered plants while they scan and bang hands and finger pads at their personal cells. “Nothing.” Tina concludes as Mella and Dallas join the huddle while Argus shakes his cell side to side.
“I don’t hear any music. My cell’s not working.” Tilly concludes.
“No music from my cell, either.” Jake adds.
“Where to next, leader?” Bo asks, banging his palm against his cell.
“Don’t know.” Argus ends scanning the store signs near the Angels as Jim barks loudly in the opposite direction of the restaurant. Jim stops barks then starts to bark again.
“Cells are dead.” Carole wraps as Jim hurriedly gallops passing the teens running down the empty hallway while Jake chases after the dog. “Do you purchase new ones?”
Jake yells. “Jimbo….wait for us.”
“What’s up with that Angel-dog?” Lystra questions watching it wiggle and waggle down the hallway smelling all the chairs.
“Jake…” Tilly calls as Argus grabs her arm.
Argus decides. “Everyone stay put. I’m following Jake and Jimbo, checking out the disturbance then we are returning here. Do not move! We’ll be back in a flash.”
“Use your wings, Argus.” Lystra suggests.
“Naw. No Angel-magic. We are all….on Angel Reserve….Dallas.” Argus warns especially to snot-hole Dallas who’s been popping Angel-magic like candy mints all morning and part of the afternoon then flips his face and body racing after Jake and Jim.
Bo and Tina twist towards one of the stores, huddling and cuddling at the items while Lystra and Carole move towards a different retail store and Tilly benches next to Dallas. Dallas occupies the sofa lifting his boots from the floor spreading out over the entire sofa looking like a dead man with the cell phone covering part of the T-shirt words: Horseshit! The white cable of the tiny ear plugs draping like limp noodles from his earlobes with finger pads intertwined below the cell phone as Tina giggles and hears Dallas singing softly while his skull rests comfortably against the arm rest.
The cell sings the tune by the musical artist Def Leppard lyrics of Armageddon It of 1970s era. “Yeah, but are you getting it. Armageddon it. Ooh, really gettin’ it…”
Dallas sings in ‘c-flat’ using his baritone trombone voice. “Yes…I’m a getting it.”
Tilly face flips into his skull, demanding. “I’m a getting….what? What is it, Dallas? What are we supposed to get? I don’t understand.” She kneels at the sofa hearing the new musical song coupled with Dallas’ comment.
Dallas doesn’t open his eyelids and comments softly. “I’m humming with the song, Tilly.”
Tilly reacts. “You’re supposed to be searching for clues to the lost babies, Dallas. Get up from the sofa. Let’s explore one of the stores….like Bo and Tina.”
“You join Bo and Tina, Tilly. I’m quiet certain they’ll love to see your smiling face. I’m napping after that heavy and delicious lunch.” Dallas concludes, tapping his left boot toe to the music.
“You drunk a bottle of beer, didn’t ya, Dallas? Bo told me that beer makes you fall asleep. So, that’s why he forbids it inside ya’ll suite.” Tilly tattles as Dallas naps.
“Bo never lies.” Dallas reacts to Tilly’s true statement.
Florist shop. 1:07 pm. Tina kneecaps beside Bo touching tenderly with finger pads the etched outline of familiar flowers along the old worn concrete since flower shop is closed due to the sucky American economy. Tina observes. “Appears like lilies….(eye gleams the design)…valley of lilies.”
Bo scoots his kneecaps along the worn wall, studying the intertwined designs and announces. “Arch-angel Gabriel’s symbols are the lily and the trumpet….here…there….here, again. Hmm! The designs are meshed together…like a code.” He touches the wall, pondering. “This might be the place where Eve’s Tomb is buried.” He rotates neck muscles around the surrounding stores and observing the quiet and empty hallway since a lot of the old shops had closed due to the drowning US economy.
Tina stands walking to the door and jerks on the knobs, concluding. “Closed, locked, and bolted. If this is the place, then we’ll have to perform a breaking and entering maneuver….without our Angel powers.”
“Carole…” Bo names as Carole bops over to him then Bo commands. “Carole, please run and fetch Dallas….over here with us to examine this wall for me. Okay?” Carole nods her skull in silence then sets off running in her cowgirl boots as Bo updates to Tina. “Dallas has been jerking his Angel-magic around the town since breakfast. He can pop the lock so we can get a peek into the interior of the store for the unborn Souls.”
Tina pulls the cell from her jean’s pocket and bangs on the little machine without producing any sound then aims the cell at the doors of the Floral Shop and comments. “I don’t simply understand, Bo. My cell doesn’t receive any more music from any local radio stations. Are the devices broken, or malfunctioning?”
“Naw. The devices are controlled by Satan, Tina. He must be napping or showering in the bathroom since none of us are getting any current transmissions of music.” Bo explains as he crawls on palms and kneecaps over the wall looking for an entrance point.
“Then…we could be here…well after the stores close. We don’t possess invisibility tricks, either.” Tina reminds.
“Argus….” Bo dumps as Dallas stands in front of the darken store.
“Dallas…my name’s Dallas.” He funs, chuckling.
“Squat down…gimme a conclusion at this….here.” Bo finger points at the wall and orders as Dallas kneecaps and examines the etched drawing on the dirty yellow concrete wall.
“Lilies…” Dallas moves his skull and eyeballs closer to the wall verifying and confirming the drawings within his 20/15 vision. “Lilies and trumpets…” He uprights on kneecaps presenting duck lips, ugly and face flips to Bo. “Clearly….familiar symbols….and all together.” Dallas stands back stepping into the empty hallway and searching with eyeballs. “If’an there’s a moonstone fitting the third element…”
“Then…it’s a sign…..” Bo dumps, bobbing his skull at Dallas.
“Or…it’s a trap….set by the Fallen-one.” Lystra stands beside Dallas, snarling while insulting.
“I don’t think Lystra likes you, Dallas.” Tilly truths then chuckles at Lystra, while standing on the other side of Dallas since she does like him.
“Lucky for me…since I don’t like Lystra…” Dallas stands and salutes Lystra with the universal sign of non-love as Tilly chuckles with delight then his cell rings inside his jean’s pocket.
The radio’s regular rock and roll music switches to the musical group Jackson 5 singing the ABC lyrics of the 1970s song. “ABC…it’s easy as 123. As simple as do, re, mi…ABC…123…baby, you and me….”
Dallas pulls the cell, listening to the song as it repeats the chorus then smashes his eyelids uprights and scans for the Angel and questions. “Where’s Argus? Did he return from the hunting trip? ‘Cause this ain’t the spot, Bo.” He eye burns the closed Floral Shop and the wall and concludes. “This is a trick. Argus is at the true place.” He pops 25 feet of baby blue wings, shakes the exceed dead feathers into the air and onto the tiles as they die in yellow dust then bends at his kneecaps, extending the wing into full span and sweeps upright towards the ceiling, hollering. “Bo…Argus needs help.” Bo neck snaps his skull at flying Dallas, extending his wings fully then follows suite.
Playground equipment. 1:18 pm. Argus kneecaps and studiously stares while gingerly touching with finger pads the deeply etched words typed like a typewriter into the black concrete: Eve’s Tomb. He whispers softly, repeating the words. “Eve’s Tomb…on a closed play ground for Earth children.” He smiles and admires the black shiny stone that reflects with twinkles from the dull overhead lights of the enclosed construction site of the future indoor playground space.
A partial assembled swing set with frame minus swaying swings stands lonely near the punched out square-shaped make-shift entrance door along with 15 feet high numerous sealed brown boxes of new playground equipment which leans against the north and west walls while numerous red metal boxes of tools and trays hold hammers, nuts, bolts, and screws for the upcoming construction.
“Play with me, honey bee.” Nia cheers happily, floating down from the gray ceiling and lands on her sneakers with deflated wings then Blade lands on the north side of Argus and Garrison lands on the west side of Argus with Quanta poses on the east side as the enclosing Demons surround Argus.
“You’re the fifth point, boy.” Blade declares wildly then chuckles.
Argus slowly stands while eye burning directly into green sad eyeballs. “You had your chance all these years, Garrison.”
“Grow up, son! We wanted Aneathea, not you. You were protected by Daddy and Daddy’s kin….then. Now…you’re unprotected by Daddy and Daddy’s kin.” Garrison chuckles and proclaims with a wicked smile.
Argus crinkles his forehead, ugly and comments. “This is a ruse…for me.”
Garrison clarifies while chuckling. “Naw, boy. We’re free agents from Satan. Do as we please…not as they say….”
“…and get blamed for Aneathea’s death.” Visible body voices in deadly baritone trombone as Dallas hovers above the Demon huddle while sneering lovely in disgust with twisted lips, ugly as Garrison, Blade, Nia, and Quant flash prettily into red wings out of their designer clothes, dancing designer shoes on the dirty tiles in a circle as Dallas gently floats besides Argus while sucking in his baby blue Angel wings.
Blade talls at six feet and four inches, skinny arms matching legs, and likes to wear pencil jeans, tight T-shirt on his flat chest, and flip flops exposing his bare toes and feet with straight brown hair that falls over his eyeballs onto thin shoulder blades which covers half of his peachy skin tone that sprinkles in light tan freckles across his aristocratic nose and thin pink lips. He decorates his Adam’s apple with a combo collar of a gold and silver chained choker like a motorcycle biker.
“Bare feet…,” Dallas spits, hotly and chuckles at Blade’s wiggling appendages. “I like to cut them toes bones, best...crunch like peanuts.” He chuckles as Blade spits his mouth salvia onto the tile while eye burning smiling Dallas.
Nia wears the 14kt gold tooth cap on her maxillary central incisor…right front teeth of the upper jaw. She possesses a curvy hourglass shape with large breasts and hips, surrounds her bones in black slimming jeans and a combined set of gold and silver jewelry chains from her tiny waist to kneecaps, down to her black sneakers. Her baby blue T-shirt writes with malice and obscene English words on the front of her heavy chest as she talls at five feet and seven inches frame of 155-lbs with shoulder-length white-blonde hair, brown eyes, and rosy-peach skin.
“You need a new hair stylist, seamstress, and bath…girlfriend. Your B.O. gags my toy kitty.” Tilly shakes the stuffed small bright red Persian kitten looped around her jean’s belt representing the loss of her dead Angel-swan Lithany as she rebels delightfully then giggles, floating gracefully down beside Dallas while Nia hisses like a snake but Tilly counters quickly neck snapping into Dallas’ face. “She’s hisses like my toy kitty…too.” Tilly shakes the toy making a hissing sound like an alley cat as Dallas and Argus chuckle with delight.
“Dang, honeybee! You’re an old broad.” Dallas adds for fun since he knows that Quanta flirtatiously teases with Garrison about being his only ‘honey bee’.
Quanta wears the elegant designer shoes under pretty designer pants suits in soft Coral with the peach blouse surrounding her exposed neck consisting of many necklaces of various gold and silver chains stretching to her belly button as she stands five feet and six inches of a slender frame, dark skin, hazel eyeballs, and bun of strawberry-blonde hair.
Garrison wears the designer red and white striped dress shirt under the blue wool jacket paired with the khaki dress trousers and tassel tan shoes, sporting a set of thin silver and gold chained pocket watch. He talls at six feet and two inches with dark skin-tone, green eyeballs, dirty blonde hair and struts center stage of Dallas, announcing wildly. “I do believe I see….Gabriel, the next highest ranking Arch-angel Heavenly heathen of ‘not-giving-any-puking-mercy and no-hopeless-hope to the stupid Souls…here on Earth. He royals as silly Patron Saint of USA Postal Workers…”
Demons roar soaringly with laughter as Dallas deeply sneers while swiftly jerking his sword from the sheath for a swift kill as the tip hits then pings musically as it ricochets against an invisible force when Dallas lowers the sword even with his kneecaps with the added knowledge.
Garrison stands twelve inches from the invisible wall since he knows that it exists and he knows why it exists while taunting nasty. “According to Babylonian legend, the great Arch-angel Gabriel fell from Holy Grace, not obeying the tiniest one single Heavenly command from HIM then remained outside the Heavenly curtain….for quiet a spell.” Demons roar with laughter as Garrison pads his body six inches to the invisible wall standing directly center stage of Dallas while Dallas snarls and sneers because he also knows there’s an invisible shield between them then Garrison inquires with a wickedly grin. “How did it feel…being Human….for quiet a spell….son of Gabriel?”
“Son of Gabriel…” Tilly neck snaps her skull upon Dallas, dropping her jaw with surprise and shock, totally.
“Garrison…” Dallas growls like a wounded animal shifting his nostrils as close to the invisible wall without touching the invisible heat since that action will cause a serious skin burn.
“I missed ya, first born snot-hole.” Garrison teases, taunts, and tells grinning with a toothy smile.
“I promise…not to miss you, this time, Garrison.” Dallas challenges, while smirking deeply.
“Dallas!” Bo names from above the circle flying towards the un-friends and friends.
Dallas orders quickly without looking at Bo. “Stay put, Bo.” Then, he neck snaps his skull to Argus. “Three Circles within three levels of Angels. Remember your Angeldom, bro.”
Argus twists his lips, ugly and watches Bo flying in circles above them, commenting. “Not especially…right…now, Dallas.”
Dallas wisely lectures, bad breathing in Argus’ face. “ ‘A’ equals us…pure Angels. ‘B’ is them…bad rotten Angels and C is the innocent Gracelings which are the children of Arch-angels. Three watch, three fight, and three die over Eve’s Tomb.” He violently stomps the black stone with his cowboy boot. “Argus...you found it. This is Eve’s Tomb made of the black stone curved with the right words. Don’t ya get it! Satan surrenders the babes to the Arch-angels…after we be dead.” He twists his face, staring at nodding Garrison.
“I ain’t dying for Satan…or Daddy.” Tilly boldly complains neck snapping her skull at the grinning Demons then return eyeballs to stoic Dallas while shaking her silver skull side to side.
“I greatly dislike it when Dallas is correct.” Argus quotes and eye burns Dallas.
“Argus, me, Tilly…the 1.2.3 while the A.B.C…it’s from the song on my cell phone. ‘A’ is Adam or …dead Drake. ‘B’ is Bezant or…dead Cruiser and ‘C’ is Chase or…dead Chase. Now, Satan wants to take out 1, 2, 3. Our Fathers are the highest three Arch-angels in Heaven.” Dallas expands his Angeldom lecture to both Argus and Tilly.
“Three dead. Three survive. Three in free flight…on Eve’s Tomb.” Tilly softly dumps, vividly recalling the ancient Angel text and sadly wishing she didn’t.
“I greatly dislike it when Dallas is correct.” Argus quotes and eye burns Garrison.
Dallas turns pupils back to the invisible wall, eye burning from top to bottom, informing. “They cannot harm us, not with four Demons in the Circle. We’re safe. Part of the Circle is the invisible wall between three of us and four of them until…”
“Beaming out, captain.” Blade faithfully obeys Garrison’s whispered orders, grinning wickedly while ascending and eyeballing the flying Angel about the invisible wall.
Dallas neck snaps his face to Bo then orders. “Bo, cut out!” Blade forcefully charges with light speed as the swords nosily clash in ‘X’ patterns then Blade kicks a naked feet into Bo’s chest. Bo flies into the wall and bites his tongue as blood drips from mouth and plasters drops from the wall onto the floor while Dallas watches and commands. “Bo, don’t kill him…Bo…”
Bo wipes blood from a busted lip with the back of his hand, punting. “Really, I just get nicked and numbed for fun.” He kicks forward from the wall on booted feet and soars at laughing Blade then chops his sword side to side slicing Blade’s T-shirt working up towards his sissy jewelry.
Dallas slams his hand into Argus’ chest, demanding. “Who else is left to fight, Argus?”
“Don’t huff your bad breathe at me, Dallas? I can still beat your butt…” Argus retaliates equally slapping the hand away from his body.
Tilly pushes her girly shoulders between angry Dallas from furious Argus. Dallas shoves Tilly’s arm back towards the open space inside the tiny Circle protected by the invisible force field holding the Angels away from the Demons, temporally then orders. “Stay away, Tilly before ya get blood on your wings. Daddy selected targeted Angels to duel with pre-destined Demons. Daniel attacks Drake. Dead. Morgan tackles Lithany. Dead. Chase against Edgar. Dead.” Movement catches Dallas’ eyesight as Dallas neck snaps his face to Bo, shouting. “Bo, don’t kill it!”
Bo slams a Kangaroo cowboy boot into Blade’s skull as the Demon punches and bleeds onto the wall, reminding. “Heard ya the first time, snot-hole.”
Dallas commands. “I’m tired of teens dying, Argus…pre-programmed by Daddy Michael….”
Argus injects with soft words. ‘This…all this is bigger than me…them, Tilly, and….you, snot-hole.” He chin whips his face into his chest then returns his eyeballs back to Dallas, posing with authority. “You know this.” He pauses for drama then snarls bitingly. “Dying ain’t fun….but dying for a cause…” He voices in bass drum, slowly. “….is Faith.”
Bo cuts deeply into the left side of the Demon’s wings then back flies away from parrying golden saber, calling. “Hurry up, Dallas. I’m running out of trick plays.”
“Your friends dog drooling on the glass….they want your skull, Argus.” Dallas neck snaps his skull at the anxious Demons then returns eyeballs back to Argus. “….which belongs to me, bro. So…tell…who’s left after….we polish the tile with Demon dust?”
Argus presents duck lips, ugly then stares at Garrison while twisting his skull back to Dallas, reminding. “You know…as well as I….the answer to your question, Dallas.”
“Damn…it!” Dallas words softly, staring at the black stone on the floor.
“Exactly.” Argus eye burns Tilly as she nods her skull in silence acceptance.
Dallas moves to the far side of the Circle, shouting. “Bo?”
“What, snot-hole?” Bo smart-asses while exhibiting his brilliant Warrior fencing skills with beaten and bloody Blade wearing him down bit by bit instead of killing him as instructed by jack-hole Dallas.
Dallas explains watching Bo beat the stuffing out of Blade. “Take your fight outdoors. This is the only way to end this silly sequence….to get to the real villain in this dang demon tale.”
“Sorry, brothers and sisters. I’m not leaving any of ya’ll, Dallas.” Bo objects, jerking back his sword then hits Blade with his folded fist between the eye sockets while Blade stops hovering and falling ten feet and stops then Blade violently shakes his skull side to side relieving the dizziness and pain.
“Got him, Bo!” Invisible body cheers as Angel approaches from the south when Argus swings his skull towards the alto clarinet voice.
Argus quickly orders, raising his free hand and mentally wishing her to halt which he can’t do since Angels possess free will, too. “Lystra! No! I order you to stop. Blade’s too strong…for a fight.”
Lystra horizontally sails at light speed with the surprise attack on expanded black wings without any color ranking being a Graceling as her sword direct points precisely at Blade’s collar bone, neatly slicing off the elbow flying quickly passed the injured Demon. Lystra roughly brakes her flying inertia circling gracefully back and grins with a wickedly smile, calling. “I’ll finish him…for the victory.” She zooms closer….2 feet. 12 inches. 11 inches. 10 inches. 9 inches. 8 inches. 7 inches. 6 inches. 5 inches. 4 inches. 3 inches. 2 inches. 1 inch.
Bo quickly folds wings inside his back muscles diving like an eagle towards hovering Blade and speeding Lystra, crying. “Noooo!”
Blade lies as a wolf hovering peacefully in the air waves drooping his feet, legs, healthy arm, partial arm, and skull into his chest as she advances closer into his space then he purposefully drops three feet and viciously slices the saber right into her guts pulling the saber forward with Demon strength exposing Lystra’s vital organ: stomach, rib cage, lungs, and heart. Lystra quickly dies and prettily puffs into a set of thick yellow dust as it covers laughing Blade while Bo suddenly stops and sadly stares at the Angel death.
“Time to die, Blade.” Garrison demon-leaps and rides the air currents like an vertical elevator towards Blade sneaking behind and stabs the saber into Blade’s shoulder blades on the back as the golden tip pokes through the red beating heart and chest cavity on the opposite side then Blade bursts into red dust as the jeweled choker falls onto the tile. Ting!
Garrison is pulled with Angel-magic back into the second Circle like manipulated on strings of a master’s puppet as Bo dances against invisible hands, landing outside the Demons inside the outer third Circle. Mella, Carole, and Tina slowly pad into the make-shift opening of the playground construction site when Carole and Tina magically dance towards Bo, slamming into his body as he catches their arms pulling them into safety but entrapped as the three Angels of the third Circle.
Tina screams. “Bo!”
Mella yells standing soldierly at the make-shift door way watching Tina and Carole float towards Bo, naming. “Tina.”
Bo holds Tina close to him, whispering. “Okay…Dallas got it covered. We’re safe.”
“Where’s Jake?” Carole questions, scanning the playground space. “What’s happening, Bo?”
“Dang it…don’t see that one coming!” Dallas slams his left fist against nothing since there are three Circles containing three different types of Angels over Eve’s Tomb. The inner Circle consists of the pure Angels while the second Circle composes the bad Angels who are set to duel until one set of Angels is dead which has released the invisible wall for the fight where the third Circle of Angel just cheer or mourn the action.
Dallas accidentally connects his folded fist into nostrils as Garrison nicely bleeds over into Dallas’ hand then Dallas laughs and punches Garrison in the right eye socket with a right hook while Argus attacks Quanta as their swords sings in first soprano octave a-sharp.
Bo yells to Mella. “Run and find Jake, Mella.” She nods her skull disappearing out the construction site as Bo remembers the existence of either a fourth Angel or Demon will neutralize the Circle helping the Angels escape from the Eve’s Tomb and hopefully saving the lives of Dallas, Argus, and Tilly.
Tilly back steps and surveys the Demon named Nia then plows her cowgirl boot into the chest, missing as Nia twirls around the boot kick then stops, smiling at Tilly. Tilly words firmly padding towards grinning and back stepping Nia. “I’m a Death-angel.” She bobs her skull up and down with the verbal acknowledgement, smirking.
Nia suddenly stops and drops her jaw in shock then swiftly back pedals further from advancing Tilly, tattling. “Ya powers are Ligo…Deather…even I can tell that.” She wiggles her left of finger pads in the air holding the saber in her right hand, challenging Tilly. “Give me your best shot, honeybee.”
Tilly bends at kneecaps flying towards the ceiling as Nia stupidly watches then Argus back kicks his Lizard cowboy boot into Nia’s face while dancing with Quanta then two-steps left to left and knees Quanta between her breasts as she tumbles backwards into the active and heat invisible burning her hair and elbows. Nia falls on her chest as her nostril blood floods the rough concrete as Quanta yelps and flies from the wall hovering in the corner tossing the jacket of her pants suit and whacking the fire out of her hair bun while Garrison and Dallas parry and part their swords up and down much like a musician tapping varied musical pinging the full 28 note octaves of a xylophone in from a High School Band camp.
Tilly lands deftly with both cowgirl boots upon Nia’s back muscles tossing her chest back down onto the concrete then neatly slices her neck muscles parting it from Nia’s skull as the Demon dissolves into red dust while Argus hovers in the air waves watching on Quanta.
Garrison and Dallas cross their individual swords so close to each other faces that Dallas smells Garrison’s bad breath when Garrison knees Dallas in the groin as Dallas flings back towards the other side of the invisible Circle when Argus flies and falls behind Dallas catching his body before the skin burn. Argus forcefully shoves Dallas forward for the kill at Garrison as Dallas slices his sword side to side and up and down dancing in a circle around Garrison.
Tilly intersects flying Quanta over Dallas and Garrison fight then cleanly slices her neck muscles as her skull falls off the body then the two objects burst into red dust while Dallas cuts Garrison like a ribbon at kneecaps, waistline then throat with red dust exploding into the air as the invisible wall disappears releasing Bo, Tina, and Carole.
Mella and Jake gallop into the construction site then stop observing the sweating and panting Angels as they pad towards the Angel huddle without words and without explanation as Angels surround the black stone with the words Eve’s Tomb.
Dallas grins and words softly, finger pointing at the black. “Take the honor, Argus.” Angels extend the huddle outward allowing Argus more space around the stone then Argus shifts above the stone, smiling and rears his sword over his skull then brutally slams it into the stone cracking the black into a series of tiny spidery lines swiftly as it breaks into larger pieces revealing a black small tunnel as concrete cracks nosily.
Angels spiral down into darkness silently. Voices scream musically. Lights illuminate brightly.
Eve’s Tomb. 2:04pm. “24 doors.” Argus stands after his bee_hind painfully slams into the smooth swirling patterns of the prettily white and gold marble floor upon seeing three separate stone curved platforms before his eyeballs. Angel have landed and gathered on the lowest marble platform as he counts the visual objects appearing much like side by side bedroom solid golden wooden-framed doors exhibited for entrance into a typical teenager’s bedroom on Planet Earth with his acute vision on the top tier.
“Numerology. Ya know 2 plus 4 equals 6, the number of the big bad Baddie.” Carole explains swirling her body around the round-shaped room and absorbing the odd presentation of three platforms like three sets of stairs in the form of smooth marble circles leading directly and stopping into 24 different doors that hold 24 bodies looking like the Human named Mella who stand soldierly in front of the gold like a beautiful porcelain doll with her long black hair, red lips and baby blue doe eyes staring back at her.
“Don’t think so.” Tilly comments, while dancing her body in a circle and studying the three platforms and numerous doors and many bodies of Mella.
“Mella.” Dallas calls gingerly stepping from the huddle of Angels as Bo grabs his forearm not wanting Dallas to travel without him towards the doors or the numerous bodies of Mella since this is a trap for the Angels set by Satan for some type of evil purpose.
The bodies of Mella word in unison using her familiar alto clarinet. “Yes.”
Dallas curses along with Bo as they stare at each door holding an exact duplicate of Mella when Argus drags Dallas back into the Angel huddle for discussion as Tilly and Jake hold hands. Tina cuddles inside Bo’s arms while Carole parks very close beside Argus’ bicep and Dallas rotates his skull around the room observing each Mella but can’t figure out which one is the ‘real’ girl.
“Pick the right one…only…” Baritone tuba sounds from the invisible body of Satan hidden behind one of 24 doors.
“Unk…,” Tilly names, parking her fists on her jeans and rotating her skull around the room while fuming at this stupid game in which Satan had mentioned before when Tilly was sent on her first solo assignment to Planet Earth, completing her mission and finding her eternally sweetheart love Jake.
“Dallas?” Bo names softly watching any reaction from the doors.
“Stay cool!” Dallas neck snaps his face to Argus and Bo, lecturing. “Humans use about 10% of their brain cells while Angels utilize 100% to solve all their problems. So….Angels, what’s the answer?”
Bo quickly answers. “I’m clueless.” He neck snaps his skull to the leader. “Ya know the answer, Argus?” Argus shakes his blonde skull side to side in silence, re-counting the doors.
Tilly orders while staring at one of many doors. “Mella, use your Angel powers and identify your ‘real’ self to us.”
Argus addresses quickly staring at Tilly. “She can’t. I only give back her Angel memories to aid us. She isn’t blessed with supernatural powers since she exchanged them to save Drake’s Human Soul from his Demon Dad Daniel.”
“Say that really fast…three times, bro.” Dallas punts for fun as Bo slaps his biceps then Dallas chuckles heavy with the inside joke.
“A lot of good that does… for…us….Argus.” Carole reprimands watching Argus shrug his shoulders at the truth.
Jake offers staring at each door. “This is only trickery and magic…just see past the illusion then we can find the ‘real’ Mella, finish this and get back home to Heaven.”
“Amen.” Dallas funs, chuckling.
Tilly agrees nodding her skull at Jake. “Projection. It’s Angel…or in this case Demon-projection.” Carole gathers a handful of red dust from the Demons, yellow sawdust from the wood lumber, and white specks of concrete from the broken floor then blows the earth elements at one single door holding one single body of Mella. Then, all bodies of Mella sneeze lightly from their nose holes then violent cough between red lips at same time from the earth elements.
“Confirmed and verified a very good Demon-projection. I’m impressed.” Argus compliments, not really meaning in a nice way parking hands upon hips and rotating his skull around the doors
“Thank you.” Husky deep baritone tuba voices within the dull lighted room.
“Unk…stop playing around.” Tilly commands, receiving no verbal reaction from her blood-kin.
“We…fight ya! Draw a sword! Pick an Angel…ya evil snake!” Dallas back steps from the huddle and threatens deadly, shifting boot heels onto the second swirling platform of white and gold as he rotates neck muscles around the room for the fighting phantom figure.
“Pick a door…the right one…only…son of Gabriel.” Satan proclaims to Dallas as Dallas spits mouth salvia onto the marble accepting the mysterious challenge.
Carole blinks once, twice then thrice whirling her skull and studying Dallas who stands soldierly with his sword upon the second platform as she whispers into Argus’ eardrum. “Son of Gabriel. Is Dallas really Gabriel’s child.”
Argus nods his skull with the shared acknowledgement. “Only snot-hole Gabriel’s got…”
Jake whispers into Tilly’s face. “Did ya know?”
Tilly offers softly. “Just find out…a few minutes, ago…myself. I didn’t possess that shared information but it seems now so clear….why Dallas as a once Fallen-angel has gotten back into the Flock.”
Bo happily lectures, wiping his sweaty forehead with back of free hand, holding the sword at his kneecaps. “Whew! I’m relieved. Dallas gets to make the wrong choice…lose all the unborn Souls…spend his eternity as Satan’s helper...here…forever.” He looks at Tina, smiling and winking for fun. “Ya know…we…all get to go back home…ya know that lovely place called Heaven.”
“Hush, Bo!” Tina reprimands, slapping Bo’s bicep as he chuckles hugging her closetly with his free arm for protection and love from Satan’s harm.
Argus teases then laughs hugging Carole into his chest for both protection and concern. “No pressure, there, Dallas. Ya wanted to be leader, boy. So, leader…just pick the right door and we can all go back home to Heaven.”
“Always the snot-hole, right, Argus?” Dallas twists his lips, ugly sheathing his sword into leather pouch then rubs his face with both palms while he twists his body and steps boot heels onto the top platform right in front of the nearest door holding the look-alike Mella, examining her pretty face with the long black silky hair over her shoulders, red Ruby lips and big emerald green doe eyes on her pale complexion.
“Is he going to kiss her, Bo?” Tina inquires with intrigue watching Dallas act like the ‘old’ Dallas and wondering what the ‘new’ Dallas is doing.
“Hey, doll.” Dallas greets smiling into her pretty face.
“Hi, Dallas.” All Ruby red lips simultaneously part echoing in her sexy alto clarinet.
“No communication…son of Gabriel.” Satan dictates.
Dallas two-steps left, examining the next door holding the next body of Mella and stares at her pretty face, noting the same features of long Ravin hair, red Ruby lips, flawless skin….just like the original Mella that he met this morning at the start of Satan’s Treasure Hunt for the unborn Souls.
“Is she wearing perfume, Bo?” Tina intrigues watching Dallas two-step to each door with each exact Mella wondering if that how Dallas is figuring out the ‘real’ Mella.
“Yeah, rolled on customized pig, camel, and horse sweat, mixed together…that smells exactly like me…you, her…him.” Jake funs then chuckles relieving some of the tension in the room as the Angels chuckle lightly at his lame joke.
“What’s Dallas doing, Bo?” Tilly inquires studying Dallas shifting his boots to the next Mella. 
Bo joshes with lousy timing then chuckles at his lame joke. “Dallas is a pervert, first…protector, second…still retains them nasty Human habits as Fallen-angel.” Some Angels giggle while some Angels moan.
Dallas retorts quickly. “Heard that, Bo.”
“We don’t have…forever, Dallas.” Bo reminds, cuddling Tina inside his chest.
Argus updates as he cuddles Carole into his chest. “Actually, we do. Our mission is to rescue the unborn Souls…how ever long that takes? Ya know, this assignment doesn’t have a deadline.”
“It does have dead…air time.” Tilly teases for fun as Angels chuckle at her joke.
“I’m…dead tired.” Jake jokes since he’s not been involved in too much heavy fighting like Bo, Argus, Tilly, and Dallas.
“I believe I see dead people.” Bo funs, chuckling.
“Hush, Bo!” Tina elbows his rib cage as Bo grunts like a wounded animal then he kisses her cheekbone and chuckles.
“There’s no music for this battle.” Tilly observes then music blasts from their individual cell phones hidden inside the pockets of denim jeans.
“Take…me…home. Take me down to the paradise city where the green is green and the girls are pretty.” Music from Guns N’ Roses from the 1980s song Paradise City playing over the hidden audio speakers behind the 24 doors.
“Your request has been granted, Tilly?” Jake joshes pecking her cheekbone.
“Ya know, this particular song is related to both death, or dying which is without the Death-angels domain, Argus. Does that have any translation…here…inside Eve’s Tomb?” Tilly intrigues staring at Argus.
“Well, Souls definitely die and definitely go to Heaven.” Argus proclaims.
“Along with Angels dying and going back to Heaven.” Bo adds as Angels quiet and watch Dallas finish rounding the doors returning to his original spot.
Dallas back steps from Mella, rotating his skull once more around the 24 doors holding 24 bodies of Mella then scans his paper notepad with his written scribbling early in the afternoon as he reads silently.

Aneathea, the beginning.
Argus saved by Dallas
Adam dead.
Bo saved by Dallas
Bezant dead.
Carole saved by Dallas
Chase
Dallas

Dallas mumbles out loud to his person with his back muscles to the Angel huddle. “A.B.C…1.2.3…everything comes in three’s.” He stops reading, commenting under his breathe. “I saved three angels. It killed three angels. We fought three angels. Three couples survive. Tilly and Jake, Bo and Tina, Argus and Carole. Everyone else is dead….except me and Mella. Mella ain’t no Angel. She is Human like her husband Jake. But Jake died, leaving Mella here on Earth, alone.” He intellectually thinks, whispering out loud. “Odd woman out. Black sheep in. She’s Destroyer-angel. I’m Fallen-angel. Odd Angel out. Black lamb in.” He chuckles at his silly thoughts then studies the paper notepad. “Next alphabetic letter is ‘D’…that’s me. Why, me? Because….I’m the next dead Angel on Satan’s hit list. Because, I’m in the middle.”

Aneathea, the beginning.
Argus
Adam (i.e. Drake)
Bo
Bezant
Carole
Chase
Dallas, the middle
Jake
Lithany
Lystra
Tina
Tilly
Mella, the ending.

“Mella’s the ending. Why’s Mella the ending? Because, she’s going to die. Naw. She can’t die. She already has died. Ya…don’t dead…twice.” He sighs then breathes, deeply and whispers. “I give up.” Dallas swings his body towards the Angel huddle on the lower platform, calls loudly. “Bo! I need help…,” he bounces a set of ten folded knuckles while holding the notepad without any burning sensation, right off a new invisible wall. Dallas stops his traveling body, going backwards from the invisible object on his boots. He eye burns the invisible wall from ceiling to floor with his Angel-vision, cursing. “Shit!”
Argus notes Dallas’ distorted face, inquiring with concern. “What’s wrong, Dallas?”
“Invisible wall…again.” Dallas runs a free hand down the wall without the heated element of fire as Angels observe the his movement. They gasp air molecules with both shock and surprise, experimenting totally cluelessness about this riddle or puzzle or poem or Satan’s message to the teen-Angels.
“Force field…again.” Argus stands closer to the wall, duplicating Dallas’ motion with his right hand, feeling an invisible wall and seeing it with his Angel-vision.
“Unk…,” Tilly fumes with angry at her blood-relative for a second wall.
“We’re trapped…again.” Carole comments, wrapping her arms around her body, wishing this assignment would end…soonest.
“Fight…for our right to freedom.” Bo steps towards the invisible wall, laying his right hand while following the invisible vertical line down to the floor.
“Three Circles…not again.” Tina just plainly words, standing in place while watching Argus, Bo, and Jake examine the invisible wall as Tilly swirls her body around the Circle scanning for her Uncle Satan hidden among the darkness in the corner or between the closed bolted doors.
“ ‘A’ is the lower Circle is for us…Angels. ‘B’ is the second platform Circle which is for Dallas…bad boy Fallen-guy. Therefore, ‘C’ is the third Circle for…Mella. Does that sound correct, Dallas?” Argus theorizes, studying the wall and Dallas as Dallas reads his notepad.
“Mella is a Destroyer-angel which is a naughty girl. Shouldn’t she be in the Circle ‘B’ with Dallas?” Carole inquires with her kitty-cat curiosity, looking at Mella.
Dallas answers, studying the notepad. “Naw. The ‘C’ Circle is reserved for Gracelings, the innocent children of God.” He thumps then notepad then smirks.
“Pick your door…son of Gabriel.” Satan orders.
Dallas swings his body and face towards the doors on the top platform then commands with nice Angel-manners in baritone trombone. “Illuminate numbers, please.” Numeric numbers from 1 to 24 appear on each door above the skull of each Mella.
“Dallas, what’ya doing there, man?” Bo inquires with a harsh tone.
“Dallas, tell us your plot….please.” Tilly orders with a nice but firm tone.
“Dallas, what are you contemplating, in there?” Argus growls in fury.
Carole suggests and smiles. “There’re numbers over the doors. Good going, Dallas! Pick the number 18 which represent ‘Heavenly purity’.”
“Don’t pick the number six. That’s bad, right, Tilly?” Jake adds, bobbing his skull up and down.
“Three for the repeating theme…everything comes in three’s. A.B.C…1.2.3…man, woman, child.” Dallas calls out as Angels listen and observe while Dallas rotates his skull around the doors.
“Are you going to pick the number three, Dallas?” Carole intrigues.
“Pick your door number, son of Gabriel.” Satan demands.
“I pick…,” Dallas dumps.
“Dallas, ya betta…explain your selection process of that selected door to me before you select, snot-hole?” Argus bangs his right fighting folded fist on the invisible wall which doesn’t make any sound then shifts his inflamed nostrils against the wall, wanting really badly to hurt Dallas before he makes the wrong decision like he did 100 years ago.
“Dallas, explain….before something bad happens to…,” Bo joshes with a nervous tone, “…me.”
“Hush, Bo!” Tina reprimands elbowing his rib cage, hardy as Bo chuckles with nervous energy.
“You’re good, man…(chuckles)…but, not great like HIM.” Dallas finger points up to the Heavens and continues. “Gimme straight forward simply clues, then the current song with them selected words: Take. Me. Home. Obviously…a reference to Heaven. Then, the three Circles of good Angels, bad Angels, and neutral Angels.” Dallas swings his body and face towards the enclosed wall of Angels, who stare with un-prettily distorted and worried faces trapped inside the first Circle. He grins with a sweet smile, lecturing. “Ya know, children ain’t good or bad, right, Bo?” Dallas bobs his skull up and down in silence acknowledgement to Bo.
Bo bobs his skull up and down along with Dallas, confirming. “Right, Dallas! What’da ya plotting there, Dallas?”
Tilly and Jake move and stand side by side at the invisible wall as Tilly inquires. “Tell us, Dallas? What are you planning to do?”
“Do not pick a number for Heaven’s sake, Dallas.” Carole subject changes her mind and yells at Dallas while standing between Bo and Argus.
“Pow wow, Dallas. Come back to your side of the glass. Let’s all discuss this. I’m leader.” Argus commands as leader, stabbing with his index finger at the corner of the wall.
Dallas lifts his chin towards the ceiling like Satan hides there and lectures. “Children are precious gifts from HIM,…not for your keepsake Treasure Chest…thief. Ya have kept them little baby Souls too…long, bro.” He swings his body and face at the doors, again, updating to both Satan and the Angels. “And…your final clue of the named infamous Arch-angel Gabriel.” He laughs with a hardy tone then neck snap his face to Bo and winks his eyelid, left for fun.
“Dallas, talk to me….now?” Argus demands with fury and fear.
“I don’t want to die, again…Dallas.” Jake exclaims with fear.
“You’ll not die, Jake just spend the rest of eternally as Satan’s slave.” Bo neck snaps his skull to Jake, updating for both fun and nervousness since he trusts Dallas, not Satan.
“Hush, Bo.” Tina reprimands, elbowing his rib cage hard as Bo grunts like a wounded animal then he cuddles her sweetly with his biceps.
“Do not say that number, Dallas.” Argus injects, hotly.
“Sweet sixteen.” Dallas echoes in deep baritone trombone inside the dank, dark enclosed chamber.
“DALLAS!” Bo screams violently as he and Tina shift into the invisible wall.
“DALLAS!” Argus yells banging his folded fist on the invisible wall.
“NO…DALLAS!” Tilly names grabbing Jake protectively from Satan’s harm as the fake bodies vanish immediately. The doors disappear quietly. Mella smiles brightly at Dallas.
Dallas slowly marches on cowboy boots upon the third Circle of the top elevated platform, lecturing Angeldom to teens. “Arch-angel Gabriel selects the tiny infant Soul from Heaven’s nursery to be birthed into the material world of Earth….then my Daddy presses his index finger pad onto the child’s lips, marking the single permanent visual cleft below the Human’s nose to shush the secrets of Heaven and Hell.” Dallas cocks his skull sideways to the right, seeing Mella’s true cleft below her Human button nose. He smiles wickedly then firmly wraps his muscular biceps around her shoulders, man-pulling her into his chest then kisses her Rudy red lips sweetly.
Michael, Gabriel, Azrael, and Raphael appear from nothingness while standing soldierly without their Angel-steel drawn from leather sheaths on the second tier of the platform. They face their blood-children.
“Argus.” Michael calls, holding his arms for his son.
“Father. We lost…,” Argus gallops to his Father, welcoming the warm embrace of his friendly family as they hug with both love and protection. Then, they emerge staring into each other’s eyeballs.
Michael compliments, smiling. “You did very well with a formidable enemy. Being good…ain’t easy, son.”
“Dallas!” Gabriel twists his body toward the top platform, marching steady to his returned and recanted son into the Faithful Flock.
Dallas wraps his biceps around smiling Mella pulling her into his chest, intros. “Daddy, make I present…Mella.”
“Very nice to meet you, Mella.” Gabriel extends his hand for the proper greeting as Mella stares at the outstretched hand of Gabriel in shock and surprise.
Mella looks to Dallas, sharing. “I’m Human…Dallas. Can I touch…your Father? I’m not an Angel. As a matter of fact, I’m really confused about all of this…Dallas.”
Tilly holds her Daddy while vocalizing. “Me, too. What’s all this about…?” She presents duck lips, ugly while folding hands over her shirt. “…Arch-angels? Ya know, I don’t like being kept in the dark about stuff.”
Michael rotates his body around the room along with arms and finger pads then seats upon the cold marble, padding the smooth stone and orders. “Sit down, teens.”
“I’m over eighteen…” Dallas injects standing with Mella inside his chest, not moving.
Michael neck snaps his skull at Dallas and reminds, padding the marble, again. “You’re a teen compared to me, son. Sit down, Dallas.” Arch-angels and Angels gather in a circle at Michael emerald green cowboy boots with Argus and Carole sitting next to his Father as Argus wrapping arms around Carole. Gabriel poses on the third tier with Dallas and Mella cuddled together. Tilly and Jake sit next to Azrael with Bo on the other side of the Azrael as Tina glues to Bo’s bicep.
Michael begins as he stares at Mella. “Mella…you were the first captive of the unborn Soul…many, many moons ago…that essentially created the first Crimson Tail. For Mella’s education, Crimson Tails are failed Guardian-angels who escort Life-angels carrying the tiny unborn Souls down from Heaven to their Earth Mamas. Edgar killed the first Guardian-angel along with the Life-angel capturing your baby carrier with you as an unborn Soul then stored you for safe keeping away from your Heavenly brothers and sisters and Earth parents…for many, many centuries. When Aneathea, the Adiabel …let’s call her the ‘Keeper of Purity’ died, you became the key to un-raveling the hidden spot at Eve’s Tomb.”
Gabriel picks up the storyline. “When Daniel purposefully broke your bio-shell as an unborn Soul, Mella, he activated three different events which snowballed into this very moment of victory for us…Angels. First, Daniel bestowed part of his small Demon powers by creating a Destroyer-angel out of Mella. Two, he accidentally exposed Mella and her crib mates to us in Heaven. Then, we…Angels carefully maneuver the game…with all of you. Each one of you played a very major role in this assignment finding our unborn babies. The end.”
Michael stands and announces. “Which means…all of us are going back home to Heaven.” He smiles, slapping Argus’ on the shoulders for an outstanding job well done.
Tilly stands along side Azrael. “We…some of us died, Daddy.”
Raphael reminds. “Demons only live for greed and abuse. They steal everything from us.”
“Angels live for honor and love. We save everyone from…them. That’s our job, children.” Gabriel lectures as Angel skulls nod up and down in silence.
Michael updates. “We all pick…our…purposes, Tilly. And we picked the best and brightest for this mission in which ya’ll succeed….”
“…without sacrifice.” Argus reminds as Angel lips silence for…1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds.
Dallas breaks the tension, questioning. “Daniel activated three events. You listed only two of them, Daddy.”
“Boy’s smart.” Gabriel smiles and compliments his son moving to stand in front of Mella, taking her pale elegant hand into both his warm palms. “When Daniel busted your protective bio-shell as a baby, Mella, he murdered your Soul.” Angels gasp nosily as he continues. “You are pasty white in color…kinda like a ghost. You died as Human Mella becoming for a short period of time the once known Destroyer-angel Mella. Then, you saved Drake who was a gentle Human.” Mella nods her skull up and down with silence acknowledgement as Gabriel continues. “That kind act rewarded you as a …”
“Human…,” Mella fills, bobbing her skull in understanding.
“Sorta.” Gabriel puffs musically while wrinkling his forehead, funny.
“Do you mean that I’m a spirit, ghost, witch, zombie…if I’m not human? What am I?” Mella questions, while twisting her lips, ugly.
“Mine.” Dallas answers, wrapping his biceps around Mella’s shoulders then explains. “If I understand, my Daddy. You died, once as a baby…here on Earth inside Eve’s Tomb which isn’t inside Hell or Heaven, then twice as a Human on Earth. When Humans die twice, they ascend immediately into Heaven…,” Dallas neck snaps his skull to Gabriel. “Then, I’m right. She is…”
Gabriel pats on Mella’s hand. “Mella, you have a choice, here. You can become a Human on Earth…or an Angel in Heaven. That’s your decision…alone.” He smiles, bobbing his skull up and down like a farm pony.
Mella smiles brightly, touching her two hands to Dallas’ hands. “I can be an Angel…with Dallas in Heaven, really. Is this really true?” Gabriel bobs his skull up and down as she nods her skull up and down, deciding. “I want to an Angel in Heaven. I want to be with Dallas in Heaven. But…is Dallas going back to Heaven, also, since he’s a Fallen-angel from Earth?”
Gabriel compliments. “Excellent choice, Mella and Dallas. And yes…to all your questions. We are…all returning back to Heaven, including the newest Faithful two little Angels…Dallas and Mella. Okay, folks? Is everyone ready for the flight?”
“The unborn Souls, Daddy?” Dallas inquires.
“They’re safely tucked into their new babe cribs in Heaven.” Gabriel claps his hands for attention, announcing. “Ready for flight, kids. It’s time for supper…upstairs.” He chuckles as Angel skulls bob up and down in silence acceptance. “Pop out!” Angels disappear two by two’s and singles as colorful feathers descend and burn into a soft ash of yellow dust before touching the flooring. Argus and Michael stand, alone on the second tier of the swirling white and golden marble.
Argus finger points at the wall, the ceiling, and the floor, questioning. “Father…I don’t understand any of this.”
“You just played an innocent game of….(smiles; chuckles)…horse stealing, Argus.” Michael drapes an arm over Argus’ shoulder.
“If ya steal the Spirit horse from the opposing Warrior, you’re respected by the Warrior and your clan, but…then, the former Warrior has a chance to steal his property back for a bigger better honor.” Argus lectures, shaking his blonde skull side to side, then concludes. “The Sprit horse galloping around the abandoned farm pastures at Five Points Station before the flood…you sent it.”
“HE sent it but the lesson is the same, son.” Michael motions his index finger towards the ceiling which represents Heaven.
Argus stares at the pretty marble floor, remembering. “Father, we lost…Lithany, Chase, Lystra. Good honest Angels in what you term an innocent game…of horse stealing.”
Michael tugs on his son’s forearm. “We are matter, Argus made of cosmic stuff…beyond the fleshy skin, brittle bones, wet blood…by OUR MAKER.” He smiles and offers. “Let me remind ya…HE always wins, son.”
“Yes. HE does.” Argus bobs his skull up and down with acceptance.
“Let’s go back home to Heaven, Argus. I have an appointment to keep meeting Carole’s parents.” Michael punches on Argus’ right bicep with a folded fist for fun, grinning with a goofy smile.
“You knew?” Argus drops his jaw with shock.
Michael twists his lips, right up into his nostril, whispering into Argus’ right eardrum. “I know….lots of stuff, son.” They pop their Angel bodies off Planet Earth.

THE END.
