Ball
by ipam

Smashwords Edition Copyright 2013 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re­sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Characters:
Director Hico, Metro City, Birmingham
Doboil, Superintendent, Swamp Island (Swamplanders)
Kodare, Superintendent, North Ridge Mountains (Riders)
Starbe, Superintendent, Grand Canyon Rockies (Rockers) 
Vovina, Superintendent, South Beach
Teens:
Atoka, apprentice
Baycliff, McCamy’s friend
Brazoria, apprentice
Etta, apprentice
Hixson, McCamy’s friend
Jellico, apprentice
Kiwi, apprentice
McCamy, Tulu’s beau
Ocee, apprentice
Pemona, apprentice
Rochelle, Pemona’s sister
Rusk, McCamy’s brother
Taffy, Tulu’s sister
Tulu, apprentice
Una, apprentice
Parents:
Tourann, Taffy and Tulu’s Mama
Thelee, Taffy and Tulu’s Daddy
Ebro, McCamy and Rusk’s Daddy
Fowler, Pemona and Rochelle’s Daddy
Almena, Pemona and Rochelle’s Mama
Colonies of USA:
Grand Canyon, colony of rocks
North Ridge, colony of mountains
South Beach, colony of farmers
Swampland, colony of swamp

[:)  Year 2083. South Beach Colony, USA, North America. Thelee Farm. 89ºF. Ocean breeze. 2:00 pm. The bright red blood transforms instantly into maroon then completely dries as a dark brown stain on her index meaty finger pad. She carefully rubs the open wound against the white cotton T-shirt which is part of her working outfit for the fields, flicking the crusted red blood away and places the wildflower within her hand-held bouquet basket. Tulu and her older sister Taffy are gathering vegetables and fruits for their supper as tasked by their Daddy. Now, they gallop around selecting, and picking assorted field wildflowers for their pretty dining table arrangement while their hard-working Mama cooks the soaking red beans, frying meat, baking biscuits, and steaming pecan pie.
“No thistles! Mama don’t like thistles even…pink ones.” She curtly reminds while hearing the loud whistle then neck snaps her skull to the advancing figure. “Warty he-toad approacheth.” Seventeen-year old Taffy bellows in her unfriendly alto clarinet as fifteen-year old Tulu roughly pirouettes, eye gleaming McCamy then happily skips her booted feet to her beau while wildly waving both set of finger pads and hands, smiling with a silly and goofy grin.
McCamy scoops his calloused hands under her ticklish armpits, swinging Tulu in a full circle three times then buries his girl into his sweaty chest, wrapping protectively his steel biceps around her, kissing the top of her skull as Tulu’s brain cells quit swirling. Tulu inhales then exhales with a dose of heavy oxygen as McCamy sighs then breathes deeply, tenderly laying his face on top of her honeysuckle-sweet smelling brunette silky locks of Tulu’s hair since his frame is six feet and four inches of bronze hard working farm muscle and strength.
Taffy disgustingly snorts at the love bird pic as McCamy boldly commands to her. “Go away evil step-sister.” 
Tulu giggles with a girly tone, correcting McCamy. “Taffy’s my real sister. She’s just goofying us.”
“Scat, Taffy. Private time with my girl.” McCamy brassily orders to the nosy sister, eye burning her cowboy hat which hides her long brown hair wrapped in ponytail as he notes the biological differences in the sisters.
Taffy talls like her Daddy with long legs and is strong as an oxen, working the hot days and humid nights in the crop fields like a sturdy plow mule and smarter than the studiously academic teachers in high school. Tulu petites at five feet and one inch…barely with thin muscles, short legs, and petite toes that tans nicely in the hot sun rays while happily smiles…all the time at McCamy.
“Supper’s at five.” Taffy eyeballs the bright sun. “Ya got twenty-five minutes…tops before Daddy and Daddy’s shotgun comes around.”
Tulu giggles with a girly tone between McCamy steel biceps. “We be along soon. I hear McCamy’s stomach howling.”
“Okay, warty she-toad.” Taffy gallops her long legs towards their house.
Tulu unsuccessfully pulls away as McCamy securely holds then proudly announces. “Tulu, Happy Birthday!”
Tulu toots in her flute soprano then sternly warns. “Not yet, that’s…not today but day after tomorrow, McCamy. Geez, you graduated top of your grade.”
“I bribed the Superintendent to release me for my academic bondage until old age. I want to start celebrating…your birthday…now.” He releases her as she pulls away and he studiously stares into her big round Hazel eyeballs, always quoting passionately. “I love you, Tulu.” He sweetly smiles and closetly hugs her body for a second time then he releases her, presenting lovingly his surprise. “Got your birthday present…want ya to try it on.”
“Try. It. On. I…we agreed that your current crop yield goes for purchasing a stream engine powered thresher machine for the corn, McCamy.” Tulu reprimands in a tooting flute tone then crinkles her forehead, ugly.
“Ya turn sixteen…one time.” McCamy informs with a sweet tone then grins with a wicked smile.
“I can be sixteen-years old next year, too…and the year after that and the year after that until you buy that new thresher machine.”
“Ya can’t. I have a very special gift. Please accept my generous heart-felt present from a simple poor hick.” He laughs with a hardy tone.
“McCamy, I love you…I accept you. I don’t need gifts or presents or…” Tulu hugs his chest then releases her arms as she studies his smiling face.
“….a wonderful surprise.” He displays the rusty round-shaped metal can which is open without the lid, swirling inside with a pink-colored sparkling glitter.
“Paint colors pinky pink. I love the color pink. Awe! Thank you so much, McCamy. I can color my old beige wall sparkling pink or….we can save the paint for our new house when we marry next year. You’re a nice thoughtful beau. I really love it.” Tulu grins at the pink mixture between his hands.
“It’s not paint, Tulu. Sit here! I’ll show ya.” Tulu parks her bee_hind on the cut off tree stump as McCamy balances on a single kneecap, placing the rusty can beside his scuffed farm boot. He tenderly reaches at her delicate wrist, extending Tulu’s arm to his chest then he kisses her naked hand with a set of soft pink lips then balances her arm in the air, ordering. “Hold still for me, muffin.” Tulu giggles with a girly tone, watching with keen interest as McCamy dips the tiny horse-hair brush into the open metal can, lifting the paint residue in the air then draws three separate completed circles around Tulu’s arm below the elbow and above her hand.
“This color washes off, darlin’.” Tulu fears a set of marked pinky tinted circles upon her arm for life.
“Yeah.” He dunks the horse hair brush back into the canister then orders. “Now, close your pretty eyeballs.” Tulu presents duck lips, ugly as he tenderly brushes her eyelashes over her pupils with his calloused hand. “Think, concentrate…pure thoughts of rounded beads composing a bracelet….here.” He gently touches her forehead temple, explaining. “Here…inside your smart mind. Round beaded bracelets.”
Tulu closes her eyelashes and purses her lips, funky, wiggling her nose while she inhales then exhales deeply, mentally concentrating on the required round beads as she composes three individual bands of bracelets around her wrist. She feels a tingling warmth then a rapidly coolness, opening her eyelashes and views a set of three pink bracelets in place of three paint stripes on her arm. She uprights her arm perpendicular to the ground as the bracelets dance against the crook of her elbow then she swiftly drops her forearms down to the dirt as the bracelets beautifully tickle her hand bone. She mouths. “O! So, beautiful, McCamy.”
McCamy grins with a toothy smile, inquiring. “You like, don’t ya?” He gingerly touches each pink bracelet on her arm, explaining. “Bite-nats, the shorten scientific word for ‘Bacterial Gnats’ created from the Nuclear War III invasion on the Middle East countries and used as battle gear over the flesh and blood bodies of the fighting rebels on both sides of the War. I secretively bartered some old corn huskers and wet grain for the precious commodity. Are ya surprise, muffin?” He kisses her naked hand, smiling.
“I love them. How does it work, Mr. Madman Scientist?” She bravely inquires while touching the pink bracelets with her smooth finger pads.
McCamy academically details as he strokes the first bracelet on Tulu’s arm. “Simple. Bite-nats come in a liquid state, appearing like paint but it ain’t. The gnats are little chemical insects that communicate or work within your brain cells, kinda like…mind thoughts. You can make the gnats transforms into any physical object just by your imagination. Then, bite-nats see, feel, and taste your mental images, then poof…they form into that particular ‘think object.’ When I asked you to concentrate on a set of rounded beads for three bracelets, the bite-nats reads your mind and morphs into the physical bracelets.”
“Forever.” She smiles.
McCamy educationally teaches. “As long as you hold that thought, muffin…forever. Okay. Let’s test something else. I know. Think of…pink paint.” Tulu closes her eyelashes, concentrating and feels the warmth sensation then pops her eyelashes upright slapping against her eyebrows seeing the three stripes of pink paint around her wrist.
“Wow! Wonder if I wanted…” Tulu dumps.
“Hold that thought, Tulu! The backlash of the paint is that it’s limited to the physical measurement of the liquid amount of the bite-nats. So, the think object must conform to the body area…like your arm. Therefore, think of something that goes around your arm.” McCamy instructs to his sweetheart.
The paint turns into three tiny pink shaped-snake figures with bulging pink eyeballs and pink fangs as Tulu giggles with a girly tone while McCamy reprimands her dangerous think object. “Tulu…be very carefully.”
Tulu firmly touches the soft pink skin of the snake once a pretty bracelet. “Fake. No harm.”
“Did I mention only tangible stuff using the bite-nats paint without bites, fangs, or paws? You can’t produce a playfully puppy, or a fragranced flower, or a pot of your Mama’s red bean chili.”
“We’re having chili for dinner, how’da ya know?” Tulu giggles with a silly tone then beautifully smiles at McCamy.
“But…you can make something special…clothing items. Watch this!” McCamy draws a completed circle around Tulu’s foot then marks a straight line across bone arch. “Think object is sandal.” Tulu giggles with a girly tone and closes her eyelashes then feels the tinkling warmth, the rapidly coolness, opening her eyelashes and views the pink open-toed leather foot sandal with the three-inched heel and a single pink rose-shaped flower bundled at her pinky toe.
“The other one…” She rudely finger points at her left foot as he artistically draws circles, and stripes then Tulu mentally again performs the think object: sandal. It swiftly appears as she sweetly smiles and swiftly stands then fumbles into his arms. Tulu doesn’t possess city slicker dress high heel sandals, or pretty ‘do nothing’ shoes except for her work cowgirl boots for the field crops or soft deer slippers for casual walking.
McCamy quickly catches her then swiftly uprights her body, cuddling her lovingly wrapped into his steel biceps as she purrs into his chest. He tenderly kisses her soft hair then pulls away and plants a big wet kiss on her forehead, nose bridge and then finds her soft red lips.
Tulu wobbles left than right in her new sandals, balancing safely in his arms as she wraps her short arms around his muscular chest, dreaming of their marriage day in two long years when she’s eighteen years old. The new Colonies of America requires all teens be registered and recorded and readied for marriage at eighteen, not before.
They emerge and smile then giggle at each other. “I can paint me a dress, a real wedding dream gown…for you, McCamy.” He bobs his skull in silent as she eye burns the rusty canister, pondering deeply the most elaborate wedding dream in the Colony presented by her Daddy on her wedding day to McCamy. She prefers the color traditional white set centuries ago by the cave dwelling bridal maidens from Earth History, however food, fabric, and fun’s in short supply in new Colonies of USA.
Five years ago.  The enemies of the known United States of America blast accurate nuclear bombs at targeted major cities with huge populations of men, women, children, household pets, manicured lawns, employers, hospitals, schools, warehouses, factories, and government buildings. The result is dead, radiated, and never to be seen prime real estate…for about 10,000 more Earth years.
The man-made nuclear bombs piss off Mother Nature who in turn creates devastatingly earthquakes on the west coast of California, Oregon, and Washington separating the dirt from Earth, plummeting the geographical land, people, plants, and animals forever into the Pacific Ocean. The new West Coast suns for fun, starting at the valley mountain of the state of Colorado to the new salt lakes of the Grand Canyon…which is now called “Grand Lakes.”
The property consisting of Canada, Alaska, and North Pole have been cut off from American civilization by sets of swirling moon-sized whirlpools of nasty Pacific Ocean that eats Grey Whales and Navy Battle ships for appetizers or cruise ship-sized craters of heated pack land soil from the active volcanic steamy hot lava underground caverns.
Mother Nature decides to re-decorate the USA landscape and stomps a gigantic two-mile deep diamond-sized sinkhole from Memphis, Tennessee, up to Fargo, North Dakota then down to Denver, Colorado and across to Oklahoma City, Oklahoma wiping out the entire Mid-west America from the Earth-map.
West of Vicksburg, Mississippi straight pins directly into Phoenix, Arizona where Mother Nature has planted a row of active volcanoes that peak spits gray ash and floats red lava covering all the land masses down south and beyond the old country of Mexico.
Next, Mother Nature twists her evil plot by flooding the entire east coast of the USA from Portland, Maine to Miami, Florida…and beyond as millions of drowned houses and dead homo sapiens lies peacefully sleeping, forever along the Continental Shelf of the deep blue Atlantic Ocean making Birmingham, Alabama geographically nicknamed “South Beach.”
Present. Birmingham Mountains once called the “Appalachian Foothills” foots the corner of the now radiated and dead West Virginia boundary which boasts 4,000 feet of mountain cliffs that guards the Gulf of Mexico warm waters from harm. The Birmingham weather provides excellent fertile top soil for food, livestock, and natives. The natives are called “South Beachers” which is named from the deeply tanned bronze farmers of heat and sun.
The newly created Colonies of USA are governed by people called Directors. One Director uses four Superintendents to maintain the peace and prosperity within the geographically confines of each single Colony. Every year within each Colony, the Director chooses one sixteen-year old Apprentice to escape the country bumpkin simple life of rural farmland and advance into the sophisticated posh luxuriously living at Metro City that provides the Apprentice and the Apprentice’s family access to unlimited healthcare for their parents, education for their children, and employment for life as a city slicker.
“I’m so happy, McCamy. Thank you for my wonderful present! I’ll cherish my bracelets and sandals forever.” Tulu praises, clapping her hands as the bracelets bang against her bony wrists.
“Can’t do that, muffin. Another drawback of bite-nats is…you can never remove the think object.” He gently touches her temple, smiling. “It is…truly a figment of your imagination.”
“No, I can feel the warm leather of the sandal and smooth stone of the bracelets.” Tulu logically argues, touching one of the bracelets on her arm.
“Yes, you can but you cannot remove the sandal. It’s soldered onto your foot unlike the iron shoes on my horse’s hoofs.” McCamy cautiously instructs.
“I can wear them to bed and wear them forever…all day and night.” Tulu wishes.
McCamy neck snaps his skull to the growing fertile crops of corn, wheat, soy beans then returns back her eyeballs upon Tulu and stares lovingly into her eyes drawn by Angels. One is bright emerald green while the other is bronze golden brown, loving her eyes, her black hair, and her bronze skin…forever as he twists lips, ugly.
She roller balls her pupils into her skull, pitifully pouts. “Not the most appropriate tool for handling baskets of corn husks or tubs of grain…but they…feel like they’re permanently attached. I don’t understand.”
“Think the object: paint.” McCamy commands with a sweet tone to his girl.
Tulu mental performs the think object: paint then tumbles her flat feet upon the grass, eye burning her naked feet, wiggling her toes, giggling in a girly tone and notes the three stripes of pink circles on her arm. McCamy playfully sprays the hose pipe of cold water upon her feet then her arm as pink paint cleanly washes and disappears from Tulu’s body like magic.
“All gone!” McCamy results, grinning with a wicked smile, dropping the garden hose pipe while extending his arms around her petite body.
“Ooo, you warty toad!” Tulu harmlessly beats with both her fists upon his 8-pack abs.
“Not a nice compliment from my future wife.” He kisses her lips before another vocal assault then drops to his knees replacing the lid over the canister and stores it inside the backpack, lifting the backpack and places onto Tulu’s collar bone while he firmly instructs. “Hide this! No bragging to Taffy, or your parents.” Tulu frowns her forehead, funny as McCamy explains. “Muffin, its…illegally to own bite-nats. I purchased the paint for your sixteenth birthday…for you…not to share with anyone else. Alright!” Tulu bobs her skull slowly and silently while twisting her lips, funny then McCamy updates. “Time’s passed twenty-five minutes. Let’s get grub. I’m starving.” McCamy tucks Tulu into his shoulder, skipping with his girl to supper.
[:}  Metro City. Dance Hall. Gray day. 61ºF. Inside the domed crumbling three story red clay brown bricked rectangular structure on the first floor in the cold open space as four oversized thickly padded chairs center stage upon the empty stage platform of a formal dance hall in once prosperous city known as Birmingham, Alabama, the male talls in six feet and four inches of beauty with a million smile, tanned biceps and wavy blonde hair wearing the un-zipped silk red vest and matching trousers under a pair of flashy red leather soft dance shoes, narrating to his fellow co-workers. “USA has changed …forever since the Nuke War III. Land masses have dissolved into ashes and plummeted into the acidic oceans of the Atlantic and Pacific. The USA looks like a square donut hole with a 3,000-mile sinkhole smack dab in the middle of Kansas. Life thrives on the outer edges of donut hole with warmer weather, abundant food, and healthy lifestyles than our north sisterly cold, wet, miserable Colony.” Kodare chuckles with a light tone, slamming the new hand-held TV screen onto his padded loveseat while he scoots away from vicious Doboil and flirty Vovina…all alone, thinking of the upcoming encounter with the new group of boys for the annual Honeysuckle Ball.
Vovina slowly sanders and smoothly steals the precious shiny object from the loveseat, gingerly touching the first button on the left while she patiently waits for movement then watches the tiny figures sing and dance on tiny TV screen, inquiring sweetly. “Where did you receive this lovely devise, Kodare? They…sing songs, play instruments, dance on tap shoes, and perform a Hollywood show. This is awesomely stimulating. Can I keep it…please? I…believe this’d be a nice gift for my Colony…in South Beach.” She face flips her smile to Hico, asking. “What do you think, Hico? Nice, indeed, this would persuade more farmers to leave, come…here, settle…while…we…, dumps Vovina.”
Kodare laughs with a hardy tone as the timbre echoes throughout the empty dancing Ball Room. “We…steal their fertile lands, their pure waters, and their healthy springs. Yes, Vovina, it’s a very good idea. As a matter of fact, it’s an excellent idea, that…I…me…got…all by myself. I got another excellent idea how about this. We give generously the shiny play things to the simple-minded heathens in exchange for plots of crop land that grow healthy foods to sustain me…for another 75 years or more. An awesome-struck concept, wouldn’t you agree? I acquired two farms…just last week.” Kodare smiles with a perfect set of bite-nat teeth, boasting.  “Do you like my song and dance tune, hmm….Vovina?”
“You snake, I’m Superintendent of South Beach. I control those yahoo farmers. I manipulate them to my will, not you. You went behind my back…” Vovina venomously spits, parking folded fists on her belted waist.
“I like your back…side, Vovina…nice and tanned. Have you visited South Beach, lately, being stuck up here in the freezing cold and ice icicles? Maybe, dripped into these hot springs…there. Heard tell, harmony and tranquil, in additional to the famed but lost ‘Foundation of Youth’. Gossip rounds that you don’t use bite-nats. Is that true, Vovina?” Doboil entertains with a devilish grin.
“Your flattery’s flat, Doboil. Vovina, please present your media blurb for my determination.” Director Hico orders in his baritone tuba.
“Metro City, the center of excellence for our governmental posturing of each Colony…we create beneficial cozy comforters for wandering Colonists surviving Nuke War III.” Vovina softly coos, smiling at Hico as he bobs his skull in silent approval. “North Ridge Mountains, Colony of hunters. South Beach, Colony of farmers. Grand Canyon, Colony of rocks. Swampland…,” dumps Vovina.
Doboil adjusts with a wickedly smile at Vovina. “Swampy consistency of freshwater mud composed of clay, sand, and hard coal chunks. Not good advertisement points, Hico! Colonists don’t want to fight eco-system rejects like deformed humpback dolphins, or vicious people-chomping alligators. They want a nice easy life of luxury…warm days, hot nights, and bathe in the Fountain of Youth.”
“ ‘Hold that thought!’ New theme for Honeysuckle Ball.” Kodare expresses with a clumsy timbre. “Clever, ain’t it?”
Doblin insults, first then grins with a toothy smile. “Ain’t it? Are you changing the proper name of North Ridge Mountains to Hicktown USA, Bubba?”
Starbe sweetly corrects for her husband Doboil. “That’s Gator town in your formal life, ain’t it….brownie pie. They aren’t called ‘swamp things’…anymore”
Kodare rumbles in bass drum. “An evil swamp thing. Hico, I have a better idea than giving out shiny TVs in exchange for slo mo plotted farms. Since, it’s my idea and my resources and isn’t working to maximum effectiveness which will take the rest of the century that I don’t plan on seeing. Listen to this. We hold a dance contest…personally invite all the pretty gals and guys from South Beach to join our Apprenticeship program. Once here, we lure the entire farm family to Metro City, kill them all…take possession of lands via Metro City protective, of course.” He bobs his skull up and down with satisfaction, eye burning his boss Hico.
“How about an archery contest, we can use arrows or…better yet, shooting range, guns are quicker and less mess?” Doboil proposes with a nod, folding his hands across his blue and white striped dress shirt.
“Be very careful, reject Boy Scouters, my South Beachers are farmers and expert cowboys…big emphasize on the ‘boy’ part…present company excluded.” Vovina viciously bites then sniggers with an evil tone. “Cowboys with big guns that can shoot, spit, and saddle your bee_hind faster than wet bite-nats paint.” Vovina giggles with a hardy tone enjoying the sour puss face of Kodare, who’s know for his feminist ways as opposed to Doboil’s manly almost beast-like fortitude. “I’d speculate if you invite their pretty girls, you get their pretty guns. South Beachers are protective tigers and tigresses over their young kin.”
Director Hico vetoes. “My sugar plum Vovina makes an excellent analog. We can’t exclusively pick on South Beachers. Some one might get suspicious. We include…as usual the representatives gathered from all the Colony natives for North Ridge, Swampland, Grand Canyon, and South Beach. I do favor the Dance Contest approach much like smooth glass as opposed to the raw blood and guts exhibition of a direct assault for the competitive component of the Apprenticeship.”
Kodare sternly lectures, sitting deeply into the single chair. “We used dance ‘Smooth as Glass’ theme for the past four years. Remember, Hico that girl?” He laughs with a hardy tone, continuing. “That girl that bit your hand…(drops into baritone)….just like a spider.” Loud laughter invades the quiet Ball Room as Hico painfully snarls with the flash back memory of tall and tanned Taffy Thelee as Kodare wipes the joyous tears from his face then continues. “There were the lucky four teen representatives from South Beach who showed up, danced then didn’t win Apprenticeship.” Loud jungle cat laughter invades the quiet room as Kodare continues. “We invited 35 families of the remaining 315 to attend Apprenticeship Presentation. Another failure! The year before, we invited 62 families and returned six apprentices and the year before that, 78 families with seven selected apprentices. If you need a math lesson, that’s a reduction of 42% in the Apprenticeship attendance and 6% mash of families in South Beach. Someone’s catching on.”
Vovina analyzes. “I disagree, Kodare. No one’s catching on. We covered our tracks…perfectly. We executed our plan…precisely for the past four years. We just need fresh plots.” She giggles with a girly tone then continues. “I’ve solved the solution. We include all sixteen…” She holds her hand in the air to stop Kodare from objecting. “All sixteen-years old teens come along with their mates for a new ‘Couple Dance Contest’ to determine the winner of the Apprenticeship. This brings the pretty girl and stud-muffin guy with both set of families to Metro City. Thrice the attendance!” Claps invade the quiet room as Vovina vainly stands with arms outstretched for her fake roses. “And we use Kodare’s toy…” She holds the small TV in air. “We broadcast the new Dance Contest…for the very first time through the air waves. No parent would object to seeing their precious child on the old fashion TV tube.”
“I like the new but old concept of reviving TV again…but how do we kill the pesky South Beach teens while seeing eyeballs of Colonists watch. Even in the re-mixed new USA, that’s cold-blooded murder…it’s a crime, punishable…I think.” Doboil eye burns Hico, inquiring. “Do we kill people for killing other people, Hico? We can cover up accidentally accidents, plotted poisons, and animal attacks…” He presents duck lips, ugly.
“But, murder…cold blooded murder… in front of a live audience…for the first time…ever...or since I last saw that nuke hit New York City in 2078. We just survived our third nuclear war. People want peace, security, and happiness. I don’t simply understand, Vovina. Our plot’s to rid South Beach of all farmers, not just the families of sixteen-year old love birds for their food, pure sparkling clean water, and the amazing life-giving fountains of daily hot springs. I can’t see your solution working effectively and benefiting…us.” Kodare shakes his blonde hair side to side, continuing. “That’s why we established Apprenticeship to capture, and to eliminate the exclusive, and elusive pesky farmers for their precious farm land…and to exploit the warm waters of Gulf of Mexico for our selves….and all the willingly paying new future Colonists…to us for their slice of Southern pecan pie. ” He bobs his skull once then folds his hands over the yellow silk dress shirt.
“I compliment your devious mind, Vovina and trump with my own evil thoughts. Let’s just rid all the dancers, not only South Beachers….more land for us…more food for us…more fun for us. Fun…as in…watch people bleed, suffer, and die as long as it’s not them. Who cares? Its entertainment, short lived, granted that but its great entertainment. We pair the rough North Ridge Riders teens against the mean Swamplander teens, let them duke it out…with live weapons. Everyone’s bored at home and desires pleasurable playtime with vicious playmates.” He laughs with an evil tone, illustrating with finger pads at the empty dance floor. “I can see it now. Tons of blood on the gray granite floor….here…suffering body…there…dead body…,” illustrates Doboil.
“You’re sick, Doboil. I’m a peaceful man only wanting one thing to sustain me until my ….,” Kodare grunts heavily.
“Say it, Kodare. You think it 24 hours of time during day, night, sleep, bathe, and eat.” Starbe stings, grinning an evil smile along with the same evil thoughts.
“I want my bite-nats.” Kodare themes as the Superintendent’s king and queen jungle cat laughter invades the quiet room 
“Bite-nats…everything’s bite-nats. I remember a time, when the thing was money. Everyone was greedy for money. Money had purchased everyone’s dreams and desires. Today, in the year 2083, bite-nats is the evil reign of happiness, health, and greedy consumption. By the way, bite-nats are illegal…from someone’s perceptive.” Hico chuckles with a light tone then continues. “Amusingly, my very old soul but fake young face, how an artificial material has invaded our lives? We have fallen far from…,” dumps Hico when a sharp alto cuts off his sentence.
“Invaded our lives? I disagree. It sustains our lives, Hico. Our beauty. Our grace. Our fun…,” giggles Vovina, gingerly touching a pretty tanned face, prancing around the air in her long flowing beige evening gown with a three feet floor bit-nats train. She stands her bit-nats high heels on the edge of stage with no one to see her everlasting beauty, but dull-minded Kodare or husbanded Doboil. She secretly craves the spotlight like the yesteryear stardom of formal and dead Hollywood movie film starlets.
“It doesn’t prolong your life, Vovina. I know for a fact you use bite-nats ‘cause I’ve seen ya, without your mask, you…,” bites Starbe with a set of her invisible fangs, smiling with evil satisfaction.
“As a peaceful man, we should negotiate…trade with the farmers or better yet…share the find of the magical bite-nats with the dumb Southern hicks. My understanding, they still don’t know about the luxurious treasure under their cowboy shoes of bite-nats. They still don’t understand the rich purposes of bite-nats. They don’t use it or ignore it or…,” updates Kodare with a nasty tongue paired with a more nasty mental thought.
“They live inside their safe and sound South Beach Colony land farms above an eternal beautiful secretly hidden ‘Fountain of Youth’ hot spring. That is located, somewhere deep within somewhere caverns, along somewhere mountain cliffs. I have been told over and over, again, Hico that secret locate is both….very dangerous…and very difficult to reach….,” Doboil updates and adds. “The heated hot steam flows upward tenderly through a set of tiny fusions, heating the atmosphere, killing the deadly bacteria as the gentle Gulf warm breeze carries it away…far away…,” he personalizes, fading his baritone trombone like a dramatic storyteller.
“You should write teen love novels, Doboil make your customers pay ya in bite-nats. Quit your government job, move to South Beach.” Vovina hostilely joshes, then chuckles with a hardy piccolo tone.
Hico swiftly stands, announcing proudly. “I have decided. Kodare, pass out these mini-TVs to all Colonies then advertise our annual Apprenticeship for the upcoming Honeysuckle Ball with the new visual and audio live entertainment.” Kodare bobs his skill in silent agreement for the order as Hico instructs. “Vovina, sugar plum…invite all the South Beach sixteen-year old teens with their dancing partners, bringing along all their family members to Presentation night.” Vovina bobs her skull in silent agreement for the command as Hico names. “Doboil!?”
“I can see many, many problems with this plan of action, Hico.” Doboil eye burns the wooden floor heavy within his mind thoughts.
“You and I are going to work out those plans and achieve greatness. Begone!” Hico shouts, waving a right hand to Kodare and Vovina.
[:)  South Beach Colony. Thelee House. Supper. 84ºF. Clear sky. Starry night. 9:00 pm. Thelee Farms raises two daughters beside the rows of cotton, the valleys of vegetables, and the hill sides of rice, feeding for the most part the northern and southern regions of the new Colonies of the USA. While, his family enjoys the evening meal with their special evening company.
“Excellent meal, Tourann! I enjoy your cooking and your daughter…,” McCamy playfully flirts with both Tulu and Tulu’s Mama.
Tourann smiles at the cute remark, tossing McCamy’s shaggy blonde hair with her free hand, reprimanding motherly. “Time for cut, wash, and spray, young man! I’ve been instructing Taffy in the great art of hair saloning. She’s got some spare moments, tomorrow after sewing. She can groom ya up handsomely, McCamy.”
Taffy snorts like a wild-ass boar. Since, she doesn’t want to touch McCamy or McCamy’s ratty blonde locks, offering instead with a wicked smile, looking at her sister. “Tulu’s getting pretty good with a pair of sharp scissors. She’ll only nick one earlobe, warty he-toad.”
“Taffy, manners, please, while at my dinner table.” Tourann instructs with a motherly tone.
“Yes, ma’am.” Taffy bobs her skull, grinning like a devilette, inquiring with a nosy personality. “What did warty he-toad get ya as a birthday present, Tulu?”
“Taffy…you’re the mostest rudest young maid in the outskirts of Metro City Birmingham.” Tourann crinkles her forehead, ugly, wiggling a dirty finger nail at the ill-breed child.
“Thanks, Mama. I try very hard to please.” Taffy snorts with amusement then accepts the bad teen reputation…and beyond, smiling and winking her eyelash, right at McCamy.
McCamy bobs his skull and honestly lies with the secret, winking his eyelid, right at Tulu. “Shoes…but, alas the work pair’s the wrong size. I plan to exchange them, tomorrow, while we’re at Birmingham Metro City.” Tulu bobs her skull in secret silence, keeping her precious gift a hidden secret inside her heart and under her mattress bed springs.
She smiles, wiping the wet hot tears from both her eye sockets with the kitchen cloth, reminding. “You’re going to be sixteen…so soon…and presented to Director Hico exactly on your special day, Tulu. I labored for eighteen hours, girly waiting for your head to crown on…my….,” words Tourann with a sweet smile on her weather sun-tanned face.
“Mama, please.” Tulu chin whips her face down deep into her neck, while blushing with a pinky color on both her apple-sized cheekbones.
“I’m so proud. We…both are so proud and pleased, Tulu. You’ve accepted the responsibility of young womanhood, very early. Director Hico has confirmed our arrival to Metro City and your appointment, as well, Tulu. We were so worried that your birth date would be received as a sign of immaturity for the annual Presentation ceremony, Tulu. But…Director Hico has sent and confirmed by letter to all the traveling sixteen-year old South Beach Colonists along with their immediate family members.” She loudly blows her nose on the kitchen cloth then tucks it into her worn cotton blue apron. “Just think, you could be his next personal Apprentice. We’ll be so proud.” Tulu grins with a toothy smile while Taffy roller balls her emerald pupils into the rear of her skull then nosily sips on her beverage. Taffy jerks her eyeballs and eye burns studious McCamy.
Apprenticeship for one lucky sixteen-year old teen translates into a better house, a better education, and a better…everything for the teen and the teen’s family. Tourann, her husband Thelee, and her daughter Taffy can immediately move from a rural farmland into a civilized Birmingham Metro town with a set of private school tutors, home servants, modern mechanic appliances, wardrobes of designer clothes, lots of formal parties, and entertaining nightly dances.
If Tulu is selected as Apprentice, she can bring along McCamy, after they marry, since he’ll benefit, also, being her new husband. Apprenticeship offers one family, each year, a wonderful life minus the hardship, the hard work, and the hardness of Countryside living on a rural farm.
Tourann shakes her black mane of hair side to side, twisting her lips, ugly and eye burns ill-mannered Taffy, replaying ferociously. “Tulu…she’ll restore our faith like the axiom goes…a honest day’s hard, right, Thelee?” Thelee is Tulu’s Daddy. He bobs his skull in silent agreement, enjoying a second piece of pecan pie as Tourann continues. “One year anniversary, one year…today…Taffy, when you were greeted by Director Hico for your Presentation to Apprenticeship.” Taffy nosily scoffs, consuming another bite of pecan pie into her mouth and eye burns studious McCamy as Tourann boasts in a nasty alto tone. “We were…one year ago…and still now…we…your Daddy and I…we continue receiving nagging questions and surly comments of that day.” She nosily drops her ten knuckles to the table surface with a soft thump, inquiring for the hundredth time to her elder daughter. “Why, Taffy?”
Tulu defends her sister, quickly with a sweet flute and smile. “I found the thistle bouquet quiet pretty containing an arrangement of dark purple flowers. If only Director Hico hadn’t touched the prickly leaves, he’d selected Taffy for Apprentice, too…Mama.”
Tourann honestly lectures. “Bull thistles grow inside cow pastures, fertilized by rain water, and cow shit.” Taffy lightly giggles as McCamy slightly smirks with twisted lips and chin whips a face into his chest, working on the first bite of the pecan pie as Tourann nags. “Bull thistles are troublesome weeds, Taffy, not fragranced soft silky wildflowers. Of all the pretty pastel floral flowers within our lovely grass fields, ya pick a patch of fat downy seedy balls of spines. Really, Taffy, what on Earth were you thinking, girly?” Taffy purses her lips, tightly then roller balls her eyeballs to the corner wall. She chin whips her lips into her neck, chewing on her pie slice as McCamy lightly sniggers between forks of delicious pecan pie.
“Ya forget the spit.” Thelee involves his tongue, following with a light giggle around the dinner table while other lips tremble with amusement.
“Mouth salvia produced from your pink tongue like six months’ infants drool. You spat on Director Hico’s person…unbelievable… after he blooded his prickled fingers.” Tourann replays vividly that day.
“Mama, Taffy was being very thoughtful and quick thinking. Our mouth salvia contains healthy enzymes for healing wounds. Remember, three of his fingers were blooding after Taffy tugged the needle-like spines from the meat.” Tulu details with a seriously flute tone as Taffy sniggers then winks her eyelash, left at McCamy. McCamy holds the food inside his mouth before he chokes to death from his vile evil laughter.
Tourann shakes her black skull, sounding like a church organ. “O! Do not get me started with your academic grades, young lady. The embarrassment of spit kicking added to Superintendent Vovina’s remarks of an academically challenged teenager has gotten you back home…here. You returned home to us humiliated while every single sixteen-year old Colony teenager attended Apprenticeship, receiving a wonderful employment opportunity. Then, that sixteen-year old Apprentice and her entire family has been transferred to a newly created Metro City in the new America.” Tourann grunts with a heavy tone.
Taffy holds four finger pads in the air, calling. “Four teens, Mama…including my best friend and Baycliff’s beau, Amita. We have still yet to see….,” dumps with a sneer when a sharp tenor cuts off her sentence.
“I wasn’t selected, either, Tourann. McCamy, Baycliff, neither.” Rusk joins with a soft baritone trombone for the first time into the heated Thelee’s family conversation.
“So, true….so very true. Your Mama’s spinning in her grave, Rusk and McCamy missing a once-in-life-time chance for…,” Tourann dumps without any more explanation then nosily sobs with a set of shallow tears into the kitchen cloth. Since, she misses both her dear friend and farm neighbor.
“For what, Mama? What does McCamy, Rusk, Baycliff…and even me miss? This place? Our farm? Tulu and McCamy are going to marry next year, combine our farm and farm hands…more folks…yeah…more folks, performing hard work. That we like, Mama. I love the farm, the farm life.” Taffy pauses for drama then observes studiously. “Mama, how ya ever noticed that only females get picked for Apprenticeship?”
“You…are absolutely positively correct, girly. The smart ones…those girls are living the luxury life. Not you, girly, not never…today, tomorrow, the next day…forever. Farm life is hard work long days. We…your Daddy and I want good happenings for you, Taffy, and my other smart daughter Tulu along with her beau. McCamy, what’s your side of this tall tale? You, your twin Rusk are smart…good in school…will…we were good in school? I’ve been told that your educational skills aren’t up to par. What has happened, boy?”
“Farm work, Daddy needs the help. We pitch in, skip school…other stuff.”  McCamy meekly and weakly explain while stuffing forks of pie filling his open mouth.
“Thelee, this is the man we want to marry our daughter?” Tourann neck snaps her skull to her husband, questioning sharply.
“Every man must choose his own destiny, Tourann.” Thelee winks his eyelid, right at Tulu, finishing his second piece of pie.
“Mama, please be happy for Taffy, McCamy, and me. I’m being presented soon. I’ll be a good Apprentice. I promise. I’ll not fail you, Mama!” Tulu smiles, bobbing her curls up and down like a farm pony.
[:o  New day. Birmingham Cliffs. 10:00am. Party cloudy. 94ºF. ocean breeze.  Tulu on fours (palms and kneecaps) carefully eases over the edge of the limestone cliff, surveying the sharp rock boulders protruding from the mountain side. She searches for that body, calling. “All clear, Taffy!” Tulu swiftly crawls backwards on fours, away from the dangerous edge, then slowly stands, wiping the sweat from her forehead with ten finger pads. The Birmingham Cliffs make her nervous and tense being 4,000-feet plus above a swirling warm Gulf of Mexico as she neck snaps her skull to Taffy.
Taffy has purposefully moved the circular wooden railing around an open-pitted fire Fusion decorating the plot of McCamy’s farm parallel to the cow fencing posts. Taffy dangerously leans her upper torso over the open air space, searching intensively with both eyeballs. When Tulu swiftly hauls her bee_hind, she jerks Taffy to safety away from the heated hole, warning with a nervous soprano. “Careful, Taffy! Long ways down. Ya moved the railing. We got to replace it before someone gets hurt…,” warns Tulu in her new piccolo music.
Taffy body spins toward Tulu, announcing wildly as her emerald eyeballs dance in the bright sunlight. “Die. Someone will die. I saw the fire Fusion burning at about twenty feet down. The thing keeps growing wider and deeper. Rusk says it ever growls, if ya sit cross-legged on the ground, quiet. He comes out here to watch the baby calves during birth. Some of the jealous Mamas get rowdy with other younglings. Rusk babysits the Little Ones. Our purpose this morning, a Little One has escaped from the fence. See there!” Taffy finger points at the broken cow fence post as Tulu bobs her skull up and down. Taffy presents a set of duck lips, ugly then neck snaps her skull to the open-pitted Fusion, scratching an insect bite on her left arm, concluding. “Think…think I saw the calf. Little One looks like its fell directly into the Fusion.”  Taffy turns her face to Tulu, offering. “One more look-see, then I’m satisfied, Tulu. Rusk has to be certain and report to his Daddy.” Tulu bobs her skull, once in silent agreement, following her boots behind Taffy towards the Fusion without a protective railing.
Tulu drops to fours (palms and kneecaps) then crawls very slowly to nothingness and stops her finger pads at the white limestone edge. She feels the heated Fusion while easing her face over the emptiness, scanning rapidly her eye balls along the many protruded bright yellow cavern ledges…lot of ledges. She holds her breathe, feeling the toasty steam rise from the continuous fire burning deeply inside the Fusion. Tulu clearly sees the pot of blue and red flames, acting like a geological furnace, feeding warmth into the hot spring caverns which dot along the southeastern rocks of the Birmingham Cliffs.
McCamy has told Tulu the scary adventures of rappelling down the 4,000-feet cliff then swinging out 100-feet from the rock face. Then, McCamy bounces his boot toes against the hard limestone once, twice then thrice, hitting an accidentally hole opening with his smart-hole brother Rusk, and his best friend Baycliff, who’s named after the limestone cliffs of the fresh-water bay near a farm in the eastern portion of the South Beach Colony. Taffy has stimulated the same fairy tale, first, but, Tulu thought it was…pure hogwash.
The hoofs prettily print geometric shapes in the moisture grass as dogs eagerly yelp for prey, and the voices loudly rumble in a sound of baritone trombone. A pair of calloused hands quickly enclose around Tulu’s small waist, jerking Tulu to face her assailant, using two finger pads to gently wipe Tulu’s black locks from her Angel eyes. Tulu grins with a toothy at McCamy as he closetly hugs Tulu into his chest. He tenderly kisses her soft hair. Then he sweetly plants a jaw line on top of her skull and inhales then exhales, deeply, enjoying their love bird moment. Tulu purrs into his chest as McCamy chin whips his face to Taffy, narrowing his eyelids and commands with a nasty baritone trombone. “Do…not…ever let Tulu near that Fusion! Do you hear me, Taffy?”
Taffy presents a set of duck lips, ugly and slowly strolls on cowgirl boots towards Rusk, slapping her right hand at the Coon dog’s ears as the dog jumps onto her T-shirt. She stops in front of Rusk’s chest, whispering softly into his face as set of secret words. Rusk bobs his skull up and down with an unhappy sour face.
McCamy and Tulu join the huddle as Taffy confirms to both twins. “I can’t come to any other conclusion, Rusk. I saw it…I think…down there.” She eye burns Tulu, inquires with a sisterly tone. “What’da ya think, warty she-toad?”
Tulu neck spins her skull towards the open-pitted Fusion, pursing her lips, tightly then returns back eyeballs to Rusk. “I’m sorry Rusk. I didn’t see the calf but I did see the fire. If the Little One fell, its burnt and toasted.”
McCamy painfully slaps Rusk’s back muscles with a right palm, ordering. “Sorry, bro. Ya get to tell Daddy. I’ll back ya up. If the calf escaped, it went over the cliff or…down the Fusion, either way its long dead, now.” He rotates his neck muscles around the beautiful South Beach terrain and enjoys viewing the fertile grass lands of white cotton fields, brown knee-high soy bean stalks, and the sturdy wooden railing capturing fifty heads of fine black and white beef cattle. The mature cows will be sold for trade goods, later, this season to Director Hico for his meal consumption at Metro City.
McCamy deeply ponders providing good food and better livestock to Metro City Birmingham with the least number of hungry people inside an old battered Colony, represented of old America. But, his Daddy and the farm members of the South Beach Council make all those business arrangements for the South Beach Colony.
200 year ago. The fertile soil of the US city known as Birmingham, in the State of Alabama inside the United States of America receives an abundance of rain water and mountain top soil. The soil produces some of the finest crop fields of cotton, Indian corn, hay, vegetables, and unlimited flower floral vines, and grassy plants. After three Nuclear Wars between the fighting USA and the lost foreign countries of the world along with Mother Nature plus lots of poor timing, the Birmingham rich mountain soil flies off and out into the Gulf of Mexico waters as the storm rain drowns the vegetables rotten to the core under too abundant flood waters while the too hot intense sunlight kills the native floral and fruit plants. This results in a wasteland of sandy red dirt and beautiful creepy ground fusions, emitting a series of scattered red and yellow fiery hot springs geysers of beauty, not food sources for living residents.
Present. Rusk slaps McCamy’s right bicep hardy with a folded fist then bobs his skull in silent acknowledgement, accepting his duty. He soldierly pivots and whistles with his two finger pads for the four Coon dogs, trotting his boots to the horse for the ride home. Taffy orders to McCamy. “You should accompany Rusk back home and both tell the story.”
“Daddy blows steam for five minutes then clears his pipes. Rusk’ll survive. Anyways, I’m freed up the morning to spend time with my Muffin.” McCamy giggles and kisses Tulu’s soft hair, inhaling the sweet honeysuckle smell then chin whips his face to annoy at Taffy. “You can take my horse to the house, check on…,” grins McCamy.
Taffy retorts, smiling. “Nice try, Tex. I stay and watch the both of you.” Taffy snorts with a lovely tone, calling. “She’s only sixteen, McCamy. Ya gotta wait. And’s…I’ll be waiting by the horse, babysitting the both of ya’ll.” She pivots, jogging on booted feet to McCamy’s horse, smart-holes. “…until she’s eighteen.” She laughs a hardy tone.
“Ignore her.” Tulu quietly words, cuddling into his steel muscles.
“Tulu, can I ask you a personal request?” McCamy pulls away, staring into her Angel eyes, asking.
“Taffy’s...right over there,” Tulu reprimands, hotly then giggles as he chuckles. He hugs her into his chest.
“Not that question. I want to discuss the Apprenticeship.” McCamy pushes her away from his bear hug then pulls her arm to the grass as they sit together overlapping their legs and boots into each other’s bodies like a human pretzel.
“I’m so excited to both. I’m going to be sixteen and I’m going to accept Apprenticeship. Aren’t you excited, McCamy?” He stares at the grass as she words with happiness, “…for me? For us? We can…,” dumps with glee, when a sharp tenor cuts off her sentence.
McCamy softly requests. “Please don’t go! You don’t have to go. You can duplicate Taffy’s trick with the thistle.” He finger points at the plant on the left of them. “There’s a bush over there…maybe covered in spider webs and cow shit. Cows clean their bee_hinds with the spines…but, hey…the flowers are pretty violet tinted. Hico’ll like the color better than pink.”
“I didn’t catch that part.” Tulu shakes her black skull side to side, twisting her lips, ugly.
“What part, Muffin? That thistle bush’s covered in spider webs and cow shit ‘cause them cows clean their a...,” dumps McCamy with a set of dead pan straight pin lips.
“The part ya said regarding ‘duplicate Taffy’s trick’…,” Tulu repeats then wrinkles her forehead, ugly.
McCamy visually cringes then hums loudly. “O! Ya don’t know.” Tulu shakes her skull side to side as he cringes, again then hums softly. “O! She didn’t tell ya.” Tulu frowns with a set of duck lips, ugly as he hums flatly in baritone. “O! I guess she forgot. We could ask her.” Tulu shakes her skull side to side as he swiftly tattles. “Okay! Taffy didn’t want to leave South Beach. So, she gave …ya know…purposefully Hico them thorny flowers to make him reject her for the Apprenticeship program, last year. I admit it was genius plan…,” dumps McCamy as Tulu swiftly stands from their cuddle. She parks two folded fists on her slender hips as McCamy stands and plants his calloused hands upon her soft shoulders, explaining. “You’re thinking wrong-o. I did not give Taffy that idea. I didn’t want to go, either but lucked out. I wasn’t accepted. Okay? Alright?” He smiles then quotes passionately. “I love you, Tulu.” Tulu roller balls her Angel pupils into her skull then smiles at him for love.
McCamy closetly hugs her body, tenderly kisses her soft hair and lightly plants his jaw on her skull, talking softly. “I’ve thought about this, deeply. I don’t want to leave South Beach for Birmingham Metro City or another Metro City or another Colony….(looks at her)…I like it here, Muffin. I was born, here. I want to die, here. I want us to be happy, here, together.”
Tulu violently jerks from the tight loving hug then mildly stutters. “We…we…”
“We can what, Tulu? Start over?” McCamy whines in a baby-tone alto trying to sway her and her mental thoughts, unsuccessfully.
She extends her arms in straight lines, wiggling her finger pads like performing magic, wanting more. “Enjoy this life, this world, the new Colonies, and what it has to offer folks, beside cows…cotton and…,” offers Tulu.
“…me?” He disappointedly plops his body cross-legged on the red dirt, feeling deflated, defeated, and defensive. McCamy eye burns his calloused hands from working long hours in the crop fields and remembers, re-lives, and re-joys in every second of his abundant time and free space in the South Beach Colony.
Tulu drops her body beside him, wrapping her short arms around his neck, whispering into his earlobe. “No, never McCamy!” She pauses for drama and inhales then exhales deeply, questioning boldly. “Did ya read…or see the letters from Maltin? She lived on somewhere side of South Beach, I didn’t really know her? Did you, McCamy? Well, she writes the most fantastic letters of somewhere Metro City, where she works as a clerk of something. She dances sometimes in these events called ‘Balls’ and sends pictures and wears…beautiful dresses…and shoes, pretty little shoes like the ones I imagined with the can of pink bite-nats….,” words Tulu, when a flat baritone cuts off her sentence.
“You didn’t mention to your parents or…,” he eye burns Taffy. She slowly grooms his horse with the brush, inquiring, “…Taffy about the can of bite-nats paint?” He returns eyeballs back to Tulu.
“No, I promise, McCamy. I told no one. My present’s under my bed, hidden safely until…,” she halts, “…until, I use it…for me…for us, together, when I return from Apprenticeship. I...I want to dance…in pretty shoes…just once, McCamy.”
“The Apprenticeship is permanent, Tulu.” He sobers with a flat tone then explains. “Once accepted…by Director Hico…ya don’t come back…here to South Beach, Tulu. You’re placed somewhere else other than Birmingham Metro City. You’ll never return to me, Muffin.”
“Yes, I will. I promise. I promise to return, here…back here to South Beach…to you.” She presents a set of duck lips, ugly, asking. “But…how do you know that? No one knows about Apprenticeship. My parents didn’t mention that to me…neither did Taffy.” She chuckles then scoffs with a hardy tone. “I understand. Taffy knows this. That’s why you know this, too. Ya’ll both presented at Apprenticeship, last year.” McCamy bobs his skull up and down in silence acknowledgement as Tulu proclaims. “I can’t disappoint my parents.”
“You can disappoint me.” He pouts with a set of duck lips, funny, pausing for drama. Then, he smiles with a wickedly grin, replaying. “I remember our first kiss. You were four. I was five, the older man. We shared carrot spit.”
“I got mad at you for stealing my Dolly, then I started chocking on the raw carrot stick. You rammed my chest with your hand then I spitted on your shirt.”
“Ah! I fell in love with you at that cute-like gross moment. We’ll been together happily ever since, building mud pies, elevated to mud houses, then private mud wrestling events.” Tulu giggles with a girly tone as McCamy proposes. “I gots a new move...I want to try on ya…,” he neck snaps his skull to Taffy still grooming his horse, wishing, “…only if Taffy would go back home.”
Tulu laughs with a hardy tone, exclaiming. “Offer that to Taffy, she’ll definitely go back home.” McCamy swiftly stands then quickly trots his body towards Taffy as Tulu stands and yells. “I’m joking. It was joke, McCamy.” He suddenly stops on the grass, cupping his finger pads around his eye sockets like a set of binoculars while Tulu strolls beside him, cupping her finger pads to her face, observing the same commotion. Baycliff gallops in full speed on his stallion, advancing quickly to their spot near the Fusion as Tulu worriedly asks. “Is he being chased by a bear?”
“Baycliff’s been searching the north boulders for the calf. He must’ve found her. Go tell Taffy to remount the saddle on my horse, while I get directions, Muffin.” McCamy orders then wraps his arms around her petite body, tenderly kissing her forehead then her lips, never forgetting. “I love you, Tulu.” Tulu swings to the right, sprinting towards Taffy.
McCamy stands in the middle of the open grass near the limestone bald cliff, raising his arms to the Heavens, signaling to Baycliff. Baycliff races on his horse, advancing closer then purposefully plows his right cowboy boot into McCamy’s nose bridge. McCamy painfully lands flat on his back muscles, closing his eyelids, wishing away the aching pain.
McCamy inhales then exhales, deeply, while gingerly covering the busted nose with both his hands. He rolls his body to the left, sitting upon his kneecaps, chin whip his face towards a strutting Baycliff as the horse circles away from both a fiery Fusion and a deadly cliff.
Baycliff snarls and sneers loudly, calls out in baritone trombone. “Give it back, McCamy before I beat you black and blue. Ya stole from my farm. I gots debts to pay with that stuff.”
Taffy forcefully slaps McCamy’s horse into running away from the dangerous cliff towards McCamy’s farm for additional help. If McCamy’s twin spots the riderless stead, he knows that there’s major trouble at the Fusion sight. Taffy protectively closets a panting Tulu, slamming both their bodies onto the wet grass, watching a scary Baycliff and a studious McCamy who fight to the death using fists, dirt, and blood.
McCamy slowly stands from the knock down, grinning with a toothy smile and wipes blood from his nostrils with the back of his hand. He viciously charges with a head-on collision with Baycliff, challenging with a nasty tone. “I know that, jack-hole. That’s why I robbed ya. I gots better constructive uses for your bite-nat paint then paying your gambling debts, Baycliff.”
“Taffy, we got to help McCamy. Baycliff’s mad. Why’s he mad? What’s he saying about bite-nats?” Tulu whines in a worried tone into Taffy’s left eardrum while watching the bloody fight between the big badass teens.
Taffy assures the winner. “I don’t know, Tulu. McCamy’ll win. He’s big. He’s stronger…a lot more stronger than Baycliff.”
“I hope so, Taffy. I’m scared. Please run and get help!” Tulu worries with her eternal fear as she hugs closer to Taffy, watching Baycliff and McCamy pound each other’s skull and chest.
“No, I can’t leave you. If Baycliff wins…,” Taffy pauses for drama then warns. “I can’t leave you, Tulu.” Taffy cradles Tulu closer to her body on the grass as they wait and watch.
“Taffy.” Tulu names with a baby tone.
Baycliff yells, striking his folded fists in air for show. “Just hand it over then…I won’t hurt ya, McCamy. Bite-nats are illegal around those parts. Just give it back I’ll forget this whole affair.”
“Sorry, bro. I don’t have it. I don’t plan to return it. Therefore, we get to rumble until one of us can’t get up. And…it ain’t going to be me, boy.” McCamy threats with a deadly demeanor, jabbing with his right hook, missing Baycliff’s face. McCamy back steps on his boot heels, hitting a left hand undercut, missing Baycliff’s face for a second time then back steps for body protection.
Baycliff pulls a secret weapon from his back jeans pocket and viciously slices it in mid-air, missing McCamy’s chest then back steps on his boot heels from McCamy. McCamy pants from the heated air then stills for a moment and taunts dangerously in baritone. “Hmm! Ya got a new toy, Baycliff. It’s a…”
“…flash blade,” Taffy finishes for Tulu as she stands and jogs to the backpack that she brought for the calf hunt. Taffy jerks the flap open, carefully unwrapping a cloth and gently pulls a rusty canister in eyeball view as Tulu parts her lips like a chicken and narrows her eyelashes, running and slamming on her kneecaps beside Taffy.
“Ya said flash blade. What’s a flash blade, Taffy?” Tulu pauses for drama then yells. “Heyyy, that’s my backpack. You stole my stuff from my room. Mama told ya not to do that anymore, Taffy. I’m telling, when I get back home…,” Tulu pauses for drama then inquires with curiosity, “Taffy…that’s…”
“…bite-nats. Baycliff wands a flash blade.” Taffy unscrews the lid and reveals the pink sparkling paint. She un-wraps a second cloth containing three unused horse-hair brushes. A person can touch with their finger pads the bite-nats paint, but it wastes the precious product. Since, you must wash it off your hands to draw a figure onto your skin. Tulu reaches with both her hands for the rusty canister which belongs to her as a gift from her beau McCamy when Taffy orders with sisterly advice. “Listen to me, Tulu! McCamy’s life is in danger…like dead danger. Flash blades kill and slice through flesh and bone.”
“Wrong as usual, Taffy. McCamy told me that you can’t produce a playful puppy, a smelly flower, or pot of…,” Tulu lectures bravely to her big sister.
“Right, Tulu! The thicker spread of paint, the higher the density. Bite-nats were used for battle gear during the Nuke War III. The warriors, also, defended themselves with sharp flash blades of thick tough bite-nats armor, since all the Earth cities using nukes were disintegrated along with all the dead citizens. Flash blades kill ya dead. I’m going to help McCamy live…by giving him a little extra fighting power….me.” Taffy rests the top of forearm flat on the grass, outlining a two-inched by one-inch slender rectangular box inside her open palm then paints the small box with a thick batch of pink bite-nats. Taffy paints a thick six-inched long by two-inched wide straight line almost to the crook of her elbow. She dumps the brush into the open canister, closing her eyelashes, and feels the warmth, then the coolness. She pops upright her eyelashes, seeing a single deadly pink flash blade positioned backwards along the length of her forearm.
“You can’t use the weapon. It’s upside down, Taffy. McCamy told me that you can’t separate the think object from your body.” Tulu debates to her big sister.
“He’s correct, Tulu.” Taffy shifts sideways the flash blade in the opposite direction, while the palm handle rests securely inside her open hand as Taffy illustrates vocally. “As long as you keep ‘it’ in contact your skin, you can maneuver the ‘think object’ As long as you ‘hold that thought’ inside your brain, you can wand a deadly weapon, Tulu. This flash blade will not drop from my hand unless someone slices my wrist bone.”
“Taffy!?” Tulu whines with a scary tone, worrying immediately for both McCamy and Taffy battling against big mean rowdy Baycliff.
Taffy gathers the can and brush materials, replacing them into the backpack, ordering. “Stay right here, Tulu. I don’t need you hurt. Okay? I’m just going to be a stinging hornet into Baycliff’s bee_hind. So, McCamy can break Baycliff’s big ugly nose with his fist. Watch me work my magic, Tulu!” Taffy smiles then orders. “Stay here right behind the rock.” She rudely finger points to a large limestone boulder, updating with a slender grin. “The horse is probably at home…by now. Rusk’s coming with help.” Taffy tightly hugs Tulu then wipes Tulu’s tears from her eyeballs with a free hand, quoting sisterly. “I love you, Tulu. Stay. Here. Be safe!” Tulu lightly sobs with a set of wet hot tears and fast runny snot from her nose holes then fully sheds great big tears with her interior fright. She crouches on her kneecaps behind the boulder, easing her skull to the side, watching intensively the dance of Baycliff and McCamy.
Taffy’s long light brown wavy hair to her bee_hind blocks the tiny dots of fighting Baycliff and McCamy. Tulu quickly views the boys shuffle on their cowboy boots backwards with their bodies towards the dangerous cliff edge then two-steps forward from the cliff ledger of 4,000 feet which drops quickly into the warm Gulf of Mexico waters. McCamy swings his right forearm into Baycliff’s left exposed rib cage as Baycliff stumbles to the right, holding tightly his aching ribs while McCamy hoots with victory. 
McCamy swings his right hook once, misses then tries his right hook, twice and connects to Baycliff’s left cheekbone as Baycliff charges head-on using his skull into McCamy’s eight-pack abs, landing a decisive blow to McCamy’s healthy lungs.
McCamy fumbles his body backwards, landing on back muscles, panting heavy while inhaling and exhaling deeply then kick jumps into a crouching position. He roughly tackles Baycliff, tossing them both at the left side of the Fusion hole. The teens twirl and swirl elegantly like a pair of dune beetles in a fresh pile of cow shit towards a galloping Taffy, who holds in her right fighting hand a pink flash blade display prettily in the air.
Baycliff kicks an exposed kneecap with a hardy feat as McCamy lands flat on his back muscles in the dirt, holding his aching knee joint, cursing strongly at his once upon a time best friend. Baycliff stands with a dizzy head and grins with a toothy smile, blinking his eyelids once then twice, jerking back his shirt sleeve, examining the baby blue vertical painted bite-nats drawing of a single flash blade. He closes his eyelids and feels warmth then coolness as the bite-nats pain weapon materials upon his right fighting forearm, eye burning beaten McCamy then he arches the eight-inched dagger at a killing angle towards McCamy.
Taffy painfully collides into Baycliff’s left side, pitching both their bodies three feet into the red clay as Baycliff rolls on top of Taffy then slowly stands and neck snaps his skull to growling McCamy. McCamy stands and charges like a bull elephant head-on towards Baycliff as Taffy slowly stands, shaking the dizzy from her skull for two seconds then wraps her long naked tanned arms half-way around Baycliff’s massive chest, hanging dearly for life like a bucking bronco.
Baycliff strikes the empty air with both biceps, trying to shake the female as McCamy punches both fists into Baycliff’s eight-pack abs then wraps his steel biceps around Baycliff, pulling Taffy away successfully. Baycliff bows at his fitted waistline stumbling cowboy boots backward then two-steps sideways from Taffy, compliments of McCamy’s two-fisted impact.
Taffy fearfully screams as she slides her boots off balance of gravity, stumbling both feet towards the fiery fusion as McCamy quickly grabs and parks both his steel biceps around Taffy’s shoulders, twirling them like a set of dancing ballerinas around the deadly edge of the fiery fusion. They suddenly stop and cradle each other in safety while Taffy closetly hugs McCamy’s chest muscles then Taffy quickly spots with her eyeballs her sister Tulu near the limestone rock boulder giving a quickie grin of victory with her mouth of good teeth.
Baycliff swiftly uprights his torso, snorting viciously then violently charges like a bull steer, body slamming against Taffy as the three teens dives like a rolling log towards the red dirt and still rolling onto the cool green grass pasture towards the fiery fusion. Next, Baycliff exits the runaway train, extracting his body from the tight huddle, rolling his body sideways in the opposite direction then hears Taffy’s violent female scream as she and McCamy plummet off together the trimmed level grassy plane into the dark depths of the fiery fusion.
Baycliff swiftly crawls on fours….(palms and kneecaps)….from the deep fusion then stands and pivots towards his horse, spotting petite Tulu hiding quietly behind the limestone rock, walking to her. He suddenly stops, wiping the wet sweat from his dirty forehead with a set of hot wet tears coming from his eyeballs as he neck snaps his skull towards the open-pitted fusion then returns back his eyeballs to Tulu, talking softly. “I…sorry, Tulu.” He quickly body spins towards his horse, trotting quickly then mounts the steed and rides off into the north hills.
Tulu falls flat on her chest, breathlessly and eye burns nothingness then she knee jumps upright, standing on both booted feet, shaking violently her mind and body from raw nerves of fear, fright, and shock. She inhales then exhales, deeply, galloping full speed towards the fusion opening and drops on fours…(palms and kneecaps)….easing her skull over the heated edge, feeling the heated fury of the fire, blinking her eyelashes once, twice then thrice scanning each ledge for Taffy and McCamy. Taffy blinks her eyelashes of sweat once, twice then thrice, wiping the sweat from her face. She scans more numerous ledges for McCamy then scans the last ledge for McCamy. She back crawls on fours….(palms and kneecaps)….slowly from the heated opening, up righting her torso then raises her curls, arms, and hands towards the skyline, screaming to the heavens. “MCCAMY.”
[:)  New day. Happy birthday. Thelee farm. 102ºF. Sunny. 12pm. The after effects of three Nuclear Wars have created a “block’ of solid dark matter space debris, surrounding completely Earth’s atmosphere, making the series of bright sunny solar sun heat and rays impossible to penetrate the space block, except for a short period of Earth time. In the early morning hours on Planet Earth from 6:00 am until 8:00 am, you see a dark black skyline much like a night-time during a person’s sleeping ritual. Then like oven popped popcorn, at 7:59 am, the “sun block” swiftly burns away the floating space debris covering Earth’s atmosphere. The sun glows brightly burning at crop fields with bright and hot temperatures, signaling people to their daily work chores, starting at 8:01am until 3:59 pm, dusk. The time of dusk resets the “sun block” of dark matter space debris inside Earth’s atmosphere exactly at 4:00 pm every day.
“Don’t know…just don’t know, Tulu.” Rusk rumbles in baritone trombone into Tulu’s right eardrum, hugging closetly her tiny body as they part between peeking yellow sunlight hitting the wooden floor of Thelee ranch.
She lightly sobs and swallows the gathering tears, wiping the moisture with the small cloth, proclaiming. “I…miss you…,” dumps Tulu, staring into his baby blue eyes.
Rusk nosily clears his throat, detailing partially. “Me and Hixson gots to hunt him down, Tulu. Just do! Don’t know when we’ll be back. But, be assured, we’ll find him! Get him…for…for all this mess. My sweet promise to you, Tulu!” Tulu bobs her skull in silence, wiping wet hot tears from both eye sockets, thinking eternally of McCamy and Taffy. Rusk soldierly pivots to a crying Tourann and a brave Thelee, whispering softly into their faces as they bob their skulls in silence acknowledgement. He shakes their hands one-at-a-time, exiting the room, and leaving the ranch.
Hixson, Rusk, Baycliff, and McCamy are nicknamed funny around the South Beach Colon as “The Musketeers” since the novelist wrote of three experienced French warriors who adopt a new rookie. The boys have schooled, worked, played, and fought together like a set of real brothers and looked like a set of real brothers with their tallness, blonde hair, baby blue eyes, and steel hard muscles ranching the livestock and plowing the crop fields.
Baycliff’s best known as the rookie and really has gone rouge on top of the Birmingham Cliffs, when he shoved Taffy and McCamy to their fiery deaths into the fusion flames all witnessed by Tulu.
Rusk leaves his Father’s farm along with his boyhood friend Hixson, scouting the northern district of Birmingham near Metro City based on eyeball sighted rumors of runaway Baycliff, while crying Tulu buries her heart and her dreams into her dark closet, slamming the door shut and bolted…foreverly.
“Tulu, my name is Director Hico. This is Vovina, Superintendent of South Beach.”  He chuckles at the honorific nickname of the hot humid mountain resort which is a perfect place for fishing, gaming, and other nocturnal activities. He forcefully grabs both of Tulu’s hands, holding tightly with his warm hands, talking sympathically. “I…am truly sorry for your loss, both of your sister… and I understand your betrothed beau…all at once.” Tulu bobs her skull in silence, wiping the wet tears and licking her dry lips as Hico continues. “I…am sorry you missed Presentation this morning but I…completely understand with your personal tragedy. And I…have discussed your options with your parents about your future goals, Tulu.”
Hico pauses for drama then neck snaps his skull to her parents as Tourann bobs her skull once in acceptance while Hico continues. “My open invitation is available to you, Tulu. I would gather based on current events…here in South Beach, you might be interested in fulfilling new venues, make new friends, see new places, live new adventures…even without the old…should we say…matters hanging about….here in South Beach.” Tulu eye burns the dirty floor, wiping with the cloth her tears from eye sockets as Hico continues. “I…am leaving on my caravan to Birmingham Metro City with twenty other South Beach Apprentices at 1:00pm. You understand my travel schedule is tight. The roads are quiet bumpy. Travel cars…will take a few hours to complete our journey through the South Beach Colony. I really insist upon keeping my trip…updated. I…am afraid that means beginning my journey back home to Metro Hall….immediately, Tulu.” Hico grins with a toothy smile and inhales then exhales deeply, and neck snaps his skull to her parents as Tourann walks to Tulu, gripping her hands over her daughter’s.
Tourann softly whimpers. “Director Hico is very kind to come to our house during his busy schedule, Tulu. He also provides you…even within this tragic time…there are options for you…your dreams.” She pauses for drama, eye burning the wall then returns back eyeballs to Tulu, instructing. “I have packaged your things, Tulu. You planned…when you turned sixteen-years old to begin Apprenticeship, remember? And…after ya finish that up, you can come back home to South Beach.”
“Apprenticeship is permanent.” Tulu whispers softly.
“Yes, every little girl gets what she wants on her birthday, Apprenticeship. Now, give Mama a hug.” Tourann hugs then tenderly pecks a light kiss on Tulu’s soft black hair, pushing Tulu toward Thelee as Thelee bear hugs his daughter, whispering into her eardrum then he pulls away and smile with pride.
[:>  Art Gallery. Metro City. Birmingham. Gray day. 3:00pm. 55ºF. “South Beach” is the new shoreline for the Colonies of USA in year 2083. As you travel north further from the Colony of South Beach, closer to Metro City of Birmingham, the air and land temperatures drastically shift from sizzle heating hot into fizzle freaking cold currents gathered around humans.
Metro City Birmingham encompasses the old USA States and major city remnants of Athens, Georgia across to Starkville, Mississippi that connects along the secured guarded thirty-mile long metal bridge way to the Nashville, Tennessee gates. Only a Director can give permission to enter his/her Colony, since there’s limited transportation, limited food, limited employment, and unlimited opportunity for naughty stuff by naughty folks.
Clap! Clap! “This way, ya little sugar plums! Tsk! Tsk! March, come along. One. Two. Three. We’ve much to accomplish before bedtime. Select a chop block. Do not touch any items on the chop block…or you’ll be eliminated from the Apprenticeship program and sent back home in disgrace and ridicule.” Vovina drills like a military sergeant, leading the female appreciates down the long hallway towards the classroom.
Kiwi observes with happiness, talking to one of the other girls as she swishes the hand bouquet of flowers. “Those flowers…along the sidewalks are beautiful.”
Brazoria updates with a nasty tone, dropping the bouquet into one of the many tables next to the wall. “Not flowers…they are called honeysuckle vines, grow all over Birmingham Metro City in all kinds of weather.”
Jellico pats the small bouquet of honeysuckles in her hands. “They smell heavenly. I can eat all of them.”
Atoka educates, finger pointing at the stem in Jellico’s hands. “Not eat, honeysuckles can be sucked by pulling the flower stem leaking with honey juice then lick the plant stick you’re your tongue. Mmm…good! We lick sticks back home in Miss.”
Etta giggles then nicely comments to Atoka. “You talk funny.” She rudely finger points at the items in Atoka’s hands, inquiring. “And what’s missing? You get your travel bag and your bouquet of honeysuckles.” She chuckles.
Atoka accurately corrects, nodding her skull. “ ‘Miss’ is a shorten name for the old State line called Mississippi. We…were independent in 2076, had our own government, governor and guts…”
Ocee gleefully cheers then fades. “Guts and glory, the theme motto of the old USA. Long gone, now. Beaten and bloody.”
Una nods her skull at Ocee. “I agree with…her.”
“My name is Ocee.” She names walking beside Una, smiling and greeting friendly.
“You’re the baby whale Hico carried from the beach…this afternoon off the Birmingham Cliffs.” Brazoria attacks Ocee’s physical frame with the incorrect information.
“Beg pardon.” Ocee cocks her skull sideways then twists her lips, funny.
Pemona incorrects for fun. “Did Superintendent Vovina name you…Godzilla, sweetie?” Girly laughter invades the quiet hallway.
Brazoria viciously yells and rudely finger points at Pemona. “I don’t like you…(points at Ocee)… or you….(points at Una)…or you. This here is competition for Apprenticeship, not some old timey Garden Party. We’re here to compete…period. And…I plan to rule, totally.”
She brilliantly adjusts, finger pointing at her own red blouse. “I’m Una. I believe we should work together, not fight for leadership and show Director Hico that there’s a need for many Apprentices to fix back the USA to its glory and glamour.”
Tulu legs behind the girls, strolling to the corner block table with the single chair just for her, twisting her lips, funny and drops her bag to the floor then parks her bee_hind into the padded pretty chair painted with yellow and red flowers.
Red ponytailed five feet and eight-inched Vovina sits properly with her manicured bright orange painted finger nails holding her hands gathered into her lap of a pretty fluffy yellow, blue, and orange circular skirt. Her ankles are crossed over the bright yellow three-inch high heeled sandals, smiling beautifully, and tilts her skull like a performing ballerina towards her captured audience. She flutters her maracased-eyelashes once then twice against the blue and orange eye shadow, moving a pair of orange-painted lips in her alto clarinet sweet tone.  “Welcome to the Apprenticeship program at Metro City Birmingham. We are the only Metro City to have this opportunity….”
“I have a question, Vovina.” Brazoria blares in heavy alto saxophone.
“Please call me, Superintendent Vovina. All your questions will be addressed after my practiced and prepared speech staring with my introduction. Thank you. I am Superintendent Vovina.” She finger points to the side wall and intros. “This is Superintendent Kodare, Superintendent Doboil, and Superintendent Starbe. We have much to cover in these short six days within the exposed sunlight. Here at Metro City Birmingham which is the center of the Colony, you will experience a significant drop in your body temperature from the lack of hot molecules bombarding the skyline which cause dread for every person living here since the ending of Nuke War III on 2078. To contain our body heat and body beautiful, we dress in fine garments of wool, satin, silk, and furry little dead creatures gathered and captured from the surrounding fields...”
“Vines of annoying honeysuckles, not fields of …,” Brazoria corrects, slapping her hands against the chop block.
“Thank you, Apprentice Brazoria. Now, back to my practiced and prepared lecture, I have been employed by Director Hico for a devoted and dedicated five years…since the ending of Nuke III. I am properly trained as a Superintendent and represent the district called ‘South Beach’ given the extremely warmth and pleasurable heated air currents ….and which secretively hides the unknown hot springs caverns for health and vigor. Isn’t that right, Apprentice Tulu?” Tulu neck snaps her skull to Apprentices as their eyeballs scan her little corner then Tulu blushes with a pinky color on her cheekbones as Vovina giggles with a girly tone then continues. “Information blurt. You do not every leave Metro City since some of our…” She eye burns the floor then returns back her eyeballs to the  Apprentices and warns. “…residents enjoy their private work…only in private. Therefore, you do not leave this building until escorted by a Superintendent. We have special Festivals honoring our Apprentices outside these metal doors which you will engage…most assuredly.” She smiles with a sweet grin and giggles.
“Are those the Ball parties that I have heard about?” Atoka inquires with curiosity.
“No. All lessons will be instructed…here…within Metro City. This wing is dubbed ‘Art Gallery’ just a fun and innocent name describing our tasks. Down the hallway is the wing called the ‘Dance Hall’ and across the way are the Apprentice suites used for your temporary living quarters before you leave Metro.” She smiles then continues. “This is a competition for one position as Apprentice directly reporting and working for Director Hico. I want those words burned into your minds, etched on your faces, and tattooed on her hearts, one. The competition is fierce, fiery, and final. Once competition is over, that’s it. Does everyone agree, concur, and conform?” Apprentices bob their skulls up and down in silence acceptance as Vovina compliments and smiles. “Very good! Short listing of the rules include….” She smiles then continues.  “Address each Superintendent by Superintendent Vovina, address your fellow Apprentice as Apprentice Tulu, address Director Hico as Director Hico, the morning session begins at 9:00 am after breakfast meal which is eaten inside your private suite then you are with me then…well, I will update as needed. The time is after 3:00 pm as you know Sun Block comes faster in the north Colony rather than south. The sun and temperature both go down with a chilling tone. So that we don’t waste time here in Metro City, please locate your Apprentice suite across the way, hint here…your name has been painted over the threshold for easy identification. You will find body garments spread out, prettily onto your sleeping pallet, change, and then return here tot the Art Galley immediately for our first task which leads to your second task for the day and thank you.”
Tulu tightly wraps the white terry cloth robe around her exposed body, wearing prettily the skimpy body garment and meekly sits inside the padded chair, and eye-gleaming each small rusty sealed canister which appears to have been used numerous times. Her individual chop block is 3 feet height x 3 feet wide x 4 feet long table and provides the proper room for 15 cans plus the mini-water troth used much like a drinking hole by horses near her Daddy’s barn stalls.
The table displays a ton of thick metal rusty spots maybe exposed to a harsh nature element…too much sun or rain as Tulu rotates her neck muscles around the enclosed Art Galley, seeing no bright yellow sunrays burning from the window panes. She views the left interior stage covered with a red ugly patched thick curtain waving its tails from the motion of walking Apprentices then studies the front wall which holds Vovina center stage at her chop table. Blonde hair and tallness of six feet and four-inched handsome muscle-ripped Kodare lounges in the left corner and slim, sleek, and slender black hair of short statue of five feet and three inches with black whiskers dusting the face of Doboil who plants inside the right corner of the room.
For a room nicknamed “Art Gallery” there isn’t any art, paintings, drawings or portraits. All the walls are blank with a dull faded yellow tone as Tulu studiously stares at the right wall which is bare except for the rusty steel grids covering the wooden floor running across entire space. Behind Tulu, there are many sets of small water hoses mounted onto the wall consisting of a faucet nozzle and rubber pipes twisted neatly around the protruding holder.
Tulu neck snaps her skull to the floor grids. Water. She eye burns the spots on her chop block. Water. She concludes this room is washed on daily basis with water creating the rust spots on floor, grids, and tables. She rotates her neck muscles at the padded chair that feels and sits like new, not creaky…but creepy. This room gives her the creepettes as she snorts with frustration.
Vovina prettily sits at the chop block, joking lightly. “And for my next trick…I always wanted to be an actress. For my next trick, I will make Kodare and Doboil…disappear.” Vovina laughs with a girly tone as the Apprentices giggle with her then she names. “Kodare and Doboil disappear.” They stand and exit archway of the Art Galley as the Apprentices giggle then Vovina sings. “Hmm! Let’s see my victim is…” She rotates her neck muscles around the room, stands and walks to Tulu, naming. “Apprentice Tulu, you can be my victim, do you mine?” Tulu blinks her eyelashes once then twice in silence as Vovina attacks and smiles with a wicked grin. “You’re wonderful Apprentice Tulu! Please stand! Remove each lid from the can on your chop block…very carefully.” Tulu starts on the left, easing the lip from the rusty can, revealing the puke green neon sparkling paint.
“Bite-nats.” Tulu whispers, softly as Appreciates gather in a huddle around Tulu and the empty space between her chop block.
Vovina lectures to Tulu as teacher. “You must speak clear and loud for everyone to hear your question, Apprentice Tulu.” She rotates her neck muscles to the other Appreciates. “As you can see, the canister contains green paint, if you recall your formal education either at home, or at school. This is not paint that smears onto plaster walls for bedroom decoration. This substance is called ‘bite-nats’.” Giggles invade the room as Vovina continues. “Yes, it’s a funny word but it does fun things. Bite-nats will not harm your body, your heart, organs, or skin. I use it as makeup, currently every day. My skin’s glows healthy and young living here in Birmingham Metro City…every day. The best method of show and tell is with a small demonstration.” She twirls her face to Tulu and orders. “Tulu, please expose your upper torso since you have changed into our body garment.”
Tulu swallows the bile from her throat and blushes in pinky tone on her cheekbones from embarrassment, pulling her body out of the robe’s arm sleeves, revealing the white tight fitting bra around her small breasts.
Vovina consoles. “Don’t be shy, Tulu. Every girl has to perform this task or you don’t continue in Apprenticeship. Now…” Vovina opens the thin drawer under Tulu’s chop block’s lip, pulling the glossy pics of elegant female clothes. “Now…this is going to be fun. Dip your hand into the bucket.” Tulu drowns her finger nails, finger bones, and half-way to her elbow as Vovina instructs. “Good, lift your coated green hand into the air.” Tulu obeys as the green paint splashes onto table, floor, her feet, her skin, and her white robe while Vovina holds the pic within eyeball range and comments. “It seems weird with the goo leaking all over your hand and feet but this is the fun part. Now, the creation takes time and patience…lots of patience…which we will be practicing here, today. So don’t be frustrated if you can’t do this on the first try. Something the process takes a few minutes or a few hours. Okay! Are we ready, Apprentices?” Skulls bob up and down in silence as Vovina educates. “Look at this pic in my hands, Tulu. Thoroughly memorize the image like a 3D picture using height, wide, and depth measurements inside your brain cells.” Tulu bobs her skull in silence as Vovina dictates. “Close your eyes.” Tulu closes her eyelashes. “Image the photo inside your mind like a picture. Breathe in, breathe out. Relax.” Tulu breathes normally since she knows what’s going to happen next as Vovina continues. “Relaxation is the key to the formation, Apprentices. Caution warning here: if you lose relaxation, your creation is gone. Apprentice Tulu, think object is glove.” Tulu mentally holds the thought of the 3D think object: glove then a puke green neon soft silk glove prettily covers the bite-nats paint over her hand to elbow as Apprentices softly coo like baby birds.
Vovina nosily gags then breathlessly gasps and finally comments with a keen interest. “What? How? Hmm! You’re very swift, Tulu. You have succeeded in your very first creation on your first try of manipulating bite-nats, very quickly. Have you?” Vovina neck snaps her skull to the alert Apprentices then returns back her eyeballs to Tulu, complimenting. “You have done an excellent first task, Tulu. My congrats! Bite-nats are like funny jelly molds or pottery clay which molds to your body by painting the exposed skin while wishing your pleasure object using your brain cells. I will not go into the scientific physics of bite-nats. Does everyone understand the simply process, dip, paint then think? There are only three little steps. Okay! Go back to your chop blocks, open your canisters. There are numerous photographs of dresses, shoes, and accessories like jewelry, hats, umbrellas, even tiaras, gloves, and flowers if you wish. Your first task as Apprentices is to create a unique Ball gown for the Honeysuckle Ball tomorrow night which is being held in the Dance Hall for your introduction début as Apprentices in front of Director Hico. We want everyone one of you to make a grand entrance for this once-in-a-life achievement.” Vovina finishes her lecture then pirouettes gracefully back to her chop block, observing her Apprentices.
Tulu twists her lips, ugly at the green glove then neck snaps her skull to the rear wall, trotting to the water hose and nosily jerks the pipe from the holder then mentally performs the think object: paint as taught by her beau McCamy. She washes clean her hands as Vovina swiftly darts towards Tulu, reprimanding. “Did I give your permission to use that instrument? No, I did not. You are to obey all our set rules, Apprentice Tulu. The rules are set for protection.” Vovina wrinkles her bite-nats makeup on her forehead, ugly, inquiring. “How…” She eye burns the floor then returns her eyeballs to Tulu. “How did you understand that water deactivates the bite-nats, Apprentice Tulu?”
“Well, Superintendent Vovina…,” Tulu eye burns the rusty grids and doesn’t spill her secrets. “Ya see…” She rudely finger points at floor, expressing. “I spotted the rust marks on the cans, then on the floor…over there. I figured out that the water must be used to clean the paint with the hoses and stuff, here. Ya know, normally paint has to be washed from your body too while decorating your house walls for beauty. I like to paint. My room is colored…”
“You’re very astute, Apprentice Tulu. I’ll be watching you, very closely. At this junction, you are leading all the other Apprentices for the ‘One’ position.” Vovina updates then bobs her skull once and pivots toward her chop block.
“Thank you!” Tulu meekly words then returns her body to the chop block, pulling slowly the glossy photographs of torn and ripped pages from ancient magazines of glamour fashion models, historical academic textbooks of old and dead princesses, and new pics of mysterious masked females from the wooden single horizontal drawer. She ponders the pics then scratches her skull with a set of trimmed finger nails as she neck snaps her skull to the nearest Apprentice and remembers her name: Kiwi.
Kiwi dots her body with a variety of bite-nats colors using the small horse-hair brush, studying the next color intensively as she hold the paper photograph in her free hand.
Tulu smirks with a crooked lips, left and returns her eyeballs to the set of pictures then sighs and breathes, deeply, holding the gathered teardrops inside her eye sockets and ripped heart inside her rib cage missing eternally McCamy as she painfully replays inside her mental mind the events of yesterday.
Yesterday. South Beach. Fusion. Rusk pulls a rider-less horse beside him, dropping from the mare, and jerks the old shotgun from the leather saddle bag as he rotates his neck muscles around the limestone cliff searching for the enemy then gallops to Tulu. Tulu slumps her skull into her chest and displays a bright red swollen face from steady crying as wet tears rolls like rain from her eye sockets then she slowly stutters the painful story and meekly finger points at the fiery fusion.
Rusk nods his skull once in silence and intensively listens to the story, dropping the shotgun into grass then swiftly stands and gallops on boots to the mare. He pulls the rappelling gear from the other saddle bag, trotting to the fusion as Tulu swiftly stands, inquiring, and recognizes the climbing gear, shaking her black skull sideway, and pulls at Rusk’s belt loops.
Rusk ignores Tulu, dropping onto his chest and eye burns the fiery fusion for the possible drop point of McCamy and Taffy’s body landing as he wipes sweat from his forehead, blinking his eyelids once, twice then thrice from the intense hot steam and crawls (palms and kneecaps) backwards, assembling the gear on the dirt.
Tulu screams like a crazy woman then sobs and cries like a baby then pleads and begs like a mother for Rusk to leave and get help, get her parents, get his Daddy, or get someone. Rusk shakes his ratty shoulder length blonde skull…like his twin’s, finishing the assembly of metal then dons the climbing gear over his tall body. He manly struts to the deadly fusion, anchoring the steel holder around the rock then tightly jerks the rope, back walking towards the fusion, first then steps carefully onto the protruded ledge inside the fusion, disappearing totally for…1 second…2 seconds..3 seconds.
Rusk bobs his blonde skull above the rock, wiping the heavy sweat from his eyebrows, crawls on fours ….(palms and kneecaps)…. carefully onto the grass, laying flat and still onto the cool limestone cliff. Tulu gallops to him, inquiring nervously as Rusk uprights on his kneecaps then eye burns the rock, shaking his skull side to side forming wet tears inside his eye sockets then curses up a thunder storm. Tulu assists him to stand as they slowly walk to the horses when Rusk lifts Tulu upon McCamy’s horse and they slowly trot back home to Thelee’s Farm.
Present. Art Galley. 4:24pm. Tulu mentally returns to the Art Gallery then wipes the fresh set of wet tears from her eye sockets onto the cloth robe, sighs and breathes, deeply, understanding she’ll replay the story over and over again until the day she dies, mourning her dear loving sister Taffy, her darling loving beau McCamy, and her daring grieving angry friend Rusk. She feels the moisture drying from her hands, remembers of the damp air at fusion, starting to mentally replay this morning’s Memorial Ceremony when a sharp alto breaks her daydream.
Vovina bellows. “Absolutely stunning, Apprentice Una!” Tulu looks at the Apprentice beside her while Vovina compliments. “You’re definitely leading the rest of the girls. Let’s parade you in front for all to see and study. Girls, may I have your attention, please!” Vovina pulls shy Una onto center stage, twirling her arm around as Una models her think creation.
The floor-length electric blue plantation dress decorates with tiny rows of ruffles from the fitted waist bellowing into a full circular skirt as Una raises the edge of her dress, shows off the matching two-stripped leather across her clean toe nails with four-inch sandal heels adding to her petite five feet and two-inched frame. Her torso flaunts the tight bodice of electric blue trimmed down center with baby bows with the neck collar and arm sleeves to her wrists are made of sheer light net fabric showing off her coffee skin tone and small biceps for a sixteen-year old fit body.
Her bobbed blonde hair napes to her earlobes dangling with delicate four-stoned sapphires with a matching sapphire rounded tiara on her skull as her heart-shaped face highlights with blue eye shadow, red bright lipstick, and rosy cheekbones from the different colored bite-nats paint. Una grins with a goofy smile, while twirling occasionally around like a practiced ballerina with her arms fully extended as she giggles with a silly fluting toot.
“This is a wondrous creation. Please note the details of earrings and bows on her dress. Let’s exhibit another lesson. Una, I’d like for you to un-creation.” Una present duck lips, ugly as Vovina explains. “I am illustrating a point about the bite-nats. To hold the image inside your head, you must remain very patient and calm at all times. Una, please think object: paint.”
Una purses lips, tightly and closes her eyelashes, cooperating fully and reveals her semi-naked body, wearing the tight bra covering her breasts and tiny panties covering her private girly parts with paint colors of electric blue bite-nats sparkling and glittering from jaw line to ankle bones around her wrists and over the white body garment like she bathed in blue ink.
Vovina educates and finger points at the neckline. “See this, Una has painted herself from throat for the collar to wrists for sleeves and circled her feet with thinner stripes for her sandals. Please note where she ends the dress length at her ankles for the proper dance length. If your feet are coated with bite-nats and you think object: gown. Your gown will be too long and you’ll trip on your high heels.” She giggles with a girly tone then continues. “The opposite concept applies. If you desire a beautifully long train, add an extra thickness to your calves then the formulation will create a long, long princess train.” Giggles invade the room as Vovina continues. “See, the rest of Una is neon electric blue painted over her lovely coffee skin formulating the bite-nats Ball gown. This is the proper alignment and amount of paint mixture. See, how easy and fun? Now, Apprentice Una, think object: gown.” In a bright flash, Una is blue princess for a second time as she giggles with like a silly kid, returning her body to the chop block.
Tulu smirks with a crook smile rubbing the water from both her hands onto her soft cotton robe that has triggered the damp air at the fusion site of this morning’s Memorial Ceremony for Taffy and McCamy when her active mind falls into another daydream.
Seven hours ago. 9:31 am. South Beach. Fusion. McCamy’s Farm. While the blistering sunlight burns the grass, rocks, and eyelids, Thelee, Tourann, Tulu, Rusk, Rusk’s Daddy surround the fusion, dropping the home-made wildflower reefs of love into the eternal fire, mumbling softly the Christian prayers for the newest heavenly Angels as soft sobs lead the grace and dignity for their dead family members. They all return to the Thelee Farm, breakfast and share stories of ‘fun” times with Taffy and McCamy like many surviving family member do after losing their loved ones.
Four hours ago. 12:32 pm. Lunchtime. South Beach. Thelee Farm. Throngs of friends, neighbors, and farmers invade Thelee Farm with food, words, and touches of sadden, and sorrow after Director Hico’s Presentation of sixteen-years old Apprentices from the Colony of South Beach. Director Hico and Superintendent Vovina show at the home of Thelee then quietly take Tulu to Metro City Birmingham, permanently.
Present. Art Galley. 4:31 pm. Taffy and McCamy…is not there any more or here with her as Tulu brain cells remind and echo her thoughts of life, wishing she had died at the fight inside the fusion with her family as she wipes the snot from her nostrils, planning to cry all night over the dead until Sun Block.
“HELP!” An alto clarinet urgently calls. Tulu neck snaps her skull to another Apprentice Pemona as Tulu imagines her as an overall colored red haunting house she-ghost then chuckles lightly at the amusing sight. Pemona is totally wrapped from her brown hair roots to her pinky toes in a tight suffocating red body clinking silk shimmery slip gown with no exposed body parts which includes her skin, eyeballs, lips, finger nails, and toe bones.
Vovina hollers. “Think object: paint.” Pemona returns immediately into a human and covers in bright fire-engine red bite-nats over her hair, nose bridge, jaw line, collar bone to knee caps down into a complete circle encompassing both feet and six inches of the floor along her padded chair. “Apprentice Pemona, you are too ambitious! Girls, this is a very good example of what not to do. Pemona has drowned her entire body from head to toe including breathing parts of mouth and nose with bite-nats. And the monster still lives.” Vovina jokes with sick humor then lectures. “No! No! No-no! You can’t die from this feat but you can’t dance, either. Go wash up at wall hose, Pemona. Try it again but no dunking tank. This isn’t a swimming pool. This is an elegant dance for Apprentices.” Pemona shuffles to the wall, cleaning up as Vovina walks like a guardian around each chop block, assisting with instructions and advice.
Tulu rubs her face with both hands then slaps her hands to the table surface, sighs and breathes, deeply, locking away her “old” life and concentrates on her “new” life, wanting to become the one Apprentice. She wants new adventures, wants things she can’t have, and wills her mind to change for the better, eye burning the puke green neon bite-nats and shakes her black hair sideways pondering her dress and getting a new awesome mental idea.
Tulu cautiously moves the chair out of the construction zone, stripping her robe off the body, laying it across the chair then pins her long wavy black hair from her waist into a messy bun around her ears. She flips the lids off each canister then neck snaps her skull to the busy Apprentices and notes they are painting themselves like a tent of circus clowns and giggles with amusement.
She hunts for a proper horse-hair brush inside the little drawer, finding the desired color and slaps the white bite-nats at bra down to her ankles bones, darting tiny black bite-nats haphazardly at the bodice and skirt, drawing a black thin ribbon around the top of her bra and her small waist, then circles black paint around her feet. She closes her eyelashes, think objects: ball gown, elbow gloves, black slippers.
Tulu beautifully appears in a plantation gown of stark white spotted with splattered tiny black dots much like Swiss fabric from the photo with a thin black ribbon at the top of dress with a tiny white bow above her left breast and a black thicker ribbon around the waist descending the fabric onto the floor which is tied in a big black bow emphasizing small waistline. She wears a pair of elbow white silk gloves over her finger pads, hands, and lower arms along with flat silk slippers upon her dancing feet. She likes to dance with McCamy at the local church picnics and social events, only dances with McCamy or her Daddy then she sighs and breaths, deeply, storing her old memories deep within her brain cells.
Clap! Clap! “How are your creations coming, Apprentices? We have one other task before bedtime…well two other tasks which is suppertime. Who’s finished? Who’s helpless? Who’s beauty? Who’s ugly? Let’s see our dancers.” Vovina marches soldierly around the room as a drum majorette leading the musical band, complimenting. “Very sexy, Brazoria!”
Brazoria curves nicely in all the right body parts and exhibits a stunning golden cotton body hugging gown with her right shoulder stripe holds up an ample supply of breasts as the fabric flows around her tiny waist and curvy hips fluttering around her golden three-inched high heeled sandals. She talls six feet and one inch of bronze beauty with big doe brown pupils, pink apple round cheeks and full pink lips, wearing the nosily golden bracelets on her left wrist up to the elbow with gold chocking her esophagus and straining her earlobes.
Kiwi petites at five feet and four inches, wearing a yellow bright loose fitted floor-length dress with colors of blue, red, green, orange, pink, purple, silver, and gold geometric shapes presented in four blocks: one block of squares, a second block of circles, a third block of wavy horizontally lines, and a fourth block of tear drops encompassing the length from the straight neckline to the fluttering squared hemline, shows off her bright red Rose designs on her sandals. She dangles from her wrists to elbows a set of colored large-blocked bracelets with matching colors of the dress patterns while smiling at Vovina for her think creation She doesn’t wear bite-nats makeup around her peachy-beige face along with no tiara on her tossed shoulder length dirty blonde curly hair.
Etta averages five feet and six inches with long straight black hair, aqua-blue eyes, and dark brown skin, twirling her body in a hot pink mid-drift top exposing her neck, arms and rib cage with a matching long skirt to the floor. Her elbows cover in black silk gloves with a set of pink bracelets, earrings on earlobes, and a pink pointy tiara on top of her head and black shoes on her feet.
Jellico wears long straight blonde hair complimenting the off-the-shoulder Mint green formal gown matching her light green eyeballs, coordinated with light green sandals and white elbow gloves, posing at five feet and three-inches of queen-sized beauty.
Ocee plumps in a beige-pinky soft plantation gown, covering her heavy waist, hips, and thighs, matching her pink sandals on her five feet and five-inched frame with no gloves on her arms and basic strand of pearls jewels around her throat and both wrists.
Pemona re-fashions the red bite-nats into a blood-red body hugging silk sheath dress, covering her neckline down to her wrists plummeting onto the floor over five feet and nine-inched skinny model frame with a set of small breasts and a pair of slender hips, glowing a red half-moon shaped tiara over her long straight brown hair, Emerald eyes, heart shaped face with blood-red lips, rosy cheeks, and gold eye shadow composed of bite-nats paint.
Atoka rocks in the orange sleeveless silk flared leggy jumpsuit, completing the outfit with gold buttons down the front of her body and a gold belt around her waist along with a gold head band around her ears plus the fake red fur wrap around her bare shoulders. She parks her folded fists her five feet and six-inched frame with pixie black hair and violet eyeballs.
Vovina claps for attention and compliments. “Each one…of you is very stunning, very beautiful, and a very good recipient of Apprenticeship. I promised food. It’s suppertime. Please march out door, turn left, down hallway to Café where dinner awaits. Don’t worry about spoiling your gowns, just think object: paint. Then think object: gown. You return to your beauty form.” She giggles with a girly tone and continues. “Any questions, yes, I know. There are too many questions with no answers. Just enjoy the moments, girls. Take it from me! The moment passes too quickly while young. Get up! Start marching, sugar plums! One! Two! Three!”
Brazoria cat fights beside Pemona. “You look like ‘Dopey the tall’ from a Snow White novelette with that silly crown on your head.”
Pemona stings tinklingly. “You’re a beauty tramp with cleavage hanging to your kneecaps too boot. This is competition, girlfriend… which I plan to win.”
Brazoria bites back, holding her real gems. “Cleavage…wins lots of competition, girlfriend. Good no luck to you!”
Kiwi expresses softly to Jellico. “I’m Kiwi, very nice to meet you. But I admit I’m terrorized that I’ll lose my mental image of my new creation but I like playing with the bite-nats paint and designing my clothes and accessories. I wonder where it came from. Who formulated it since Superintendent Vovina doesn’t know? I’m excited about the dancing and meeting the Director…but, please help me if I present naked in front of Director Hico.” She giggles as Jellico chuckles.
Jellico mends. “You ask a lot of questions, Kiwi. I’m Jellico. I’m thrilled to be here, also. I thrilled to be involved in Apprenticeship. Don’t worry, honey! You’re covered in yellow bite-nats paint along with doses of the rainbow bits. You’ll look like…” She ponders quickly then names. “…a cupcake with colored sprinkles. I confess that I’m just as nervous about dancing. I can two-step back home but formal dancing with in formal gowns ain’t my cup of tea…if you know what I mean.”
Una questions to Tulu. “Apprenticeship means apprentice or learning a trade or skill. I have learned one task manipulate bite-nats, strange little things. I read about it through some selected informal interviews with the military officers and I understand this product to be illegal for any person to own, much less use…in this case as an entertainment purpose. And I also question the dances, dancing, and the ball gowns in our Apprenticeship program. I expected to receive volumes of books to comprehend and tablets of old papers for studying. I find this experience…so far…just plain weird.”
Tulu slowly reacts, nodding her skull once. “I agree.”
Una continues. “I believe you and I share the same ideas. I propose we venture directly into Director Hico’s office and inquire about our Apprenticeship and offer a fair and just exchange with all….”
Atoka boasts brightly and smirks. “I’m going to win.”
Etta barks back. “You’re arrogant and ugly. Does your brain cells match your ugly jumpsuit? Vovina specified Ball gown which in an English word isn’t defined in your chemical brain matter. You’re sitting last among the Apprentices. I predict you will be the first eliminated by end of the week.” She pauses for drama then stares at the floor as she walks. “I wonder how one gets eliminated from Apprenticeship. I didn’t receive any information about Apprenticeship just the place and time for Presentation…here…at 2pm. I thought Presentation was quick. I thought the Ceremony would be better with bands, balloons, and food. My parents came all the way from Athens, staying at Metro Hall compliments of Director Hico, of course. He likes me already. He told me that I’ll be the perfect Apprentice. They’ll leave tomorrow after the Honeysuckle Ball, tonight.”
Atoka boasts. “You talk too much. I’m going to win.”
Tulu enjoys the meal of fried chicken, buttery mashed lumpy white potatoes, fluffy yellow cornbread, and sweat cold iced tea, hearing some folks eat buzzard’s eyeballs and buttholes for dinner just to survive within the harsh American terrain from Nuke War III. She also thinks it’s just a set of fake tales to scare the youngsters, sitting next to busy-body Una with…way too many new ideas about Apprenticeship then neck snaps her skull to Jellico who enjoys the double helpings of food.
Kiwi swiftly stands then panics frantically. “I can’t hold the image in my mind. I’m going to be naked…”
Pemona commands. “Calm down, girlfriend, relax like Vovina says, think of something else.”
Etta slowly stands, bushing her hands from her breasts to her hips and replies. “Kiwi, dear, think of princess, glamour, dancing with a handsome boy then feel…like princess, glamour, dancing…”
“Sit down, big mouth.” Atoka blurts and advices. “The trick is to touch the dress and feel the fabric it triggers you to retain the mental pic of your special bite-nat creation between your earlobes. Tactile touch reinforces the think object: gown. Touch your gown, Kiwi! Give it a try!” Kiwi touches skirt, smiling silly as Atoka asks. “Do you feel better?” Kiwi nods her skull in silent then re-seats, enjoying her meal.
Etta stands in a sexy pose as she trails her hands down her body for a second time, reacting. “Think of princess…”
Brazoria stands, purring a sexy alto and imitates Etta’s hand motions. “Think of hot goddess…getting…”
Pemona quickly reprimands.  “Don’t taint the child, Brazoria. I got the feeling you been around the sinkhole…way too many times…too boot.” She smiles with a wickedly grin at Brazoria.
Brazoria spits, jabbing a black index finger nail at Pemona. “I do not like you, Pemona…or you Una, or you…”
Una diplomats. “This is a throat-cutting gut knife-twisting drop bloody-dead on sight…please…competition for one (holds one finger in the air)…spot…here at Metro City Birmingham. I’m up to the challenge. I don’t know if I’ll win…but I want to get along…in a civilized manner with each Apprentice…”
Brazoria shares. “Stow it, Una. Una, weird name? Doesn’t that mean ‘one’…like the one to get the one spot here at Metro City?”
Pemona warns with an accompanying giggle. “Watch out for…the hot goddess, girls! She’s smart and probably cunning…too boot.” Brazoria hisses like a snake at Pemona.
Una retorts. “My name ‘Una’ translates to ‘one’. Correct, goddess! And tomorrow’s the first day of competition I predict that I will be…the one…to get it first…”
“Get what first, Una? What are you getting before me?” Etta puzzles then pouts with duck lips, ugly missing the conversation on this side of the dining table.
“She’s referring to our first leg of formal competition, tomorrow morning beginning with Superintendent Vovina. I have no knowledge of tomorrow’s events but I suspect Una ‘the one’ has some hidden information that she isn’t willing to share with her competition. Hmm! Una?” Atoka challenges.
Una defends. “I’m sorry to report that I can’t share any data since my only knowledge received from the Metro City Birmingham business office was the thin letter which only included the date and time of Presentation along with small amount of monies and pre-set transportation instructions for my family members to attend the Honeysuckle Ball, tonight. I can share that they’re required to leave Metro City before 2:00 pm or pay for the motel rooms which my parents cannot do.” Una pauses for drama then adds. “However, I have acquired interesting tidbits of scientific data about the bite-nats. I’m very willing to share or exchange…”
Vovina invades the conversation and swiftly injects, clapping her hands annoyingly. “Apprentices, time for your potty break, brush your teeth, and comb your hair. I would suggest you think object: paint. Do you personal business inside your vanity, and then think object: gown to look pretty. Etta, Pemona, Kiwi, and Brazoria wash out your bite-nat makeup from your face…” She smiles then tattles. “I have prettier tips for each one of you. Then…please return to the Art Gallery. We have one more task before bedtime.” Vovina beautifully frames the Dining room archway, wearing an Emerald studded sequined Ball gown with a matching Emerald neckline of gems then gracefully pirouettes towards the hallway.
Pemona walks beside Etta, commenting. “She’s smart.”
Etta concurs, nodding her skull several times slowly and vigorously watching Vovina stroll elegantly down the hallway into their work room. “Vovina is both beautiful and smart.”
Pemona clarifies. “No, Una is smart. We got to watch our bee_hinds with those two….Una and Tulu.”
“Tulu seems so shy. She doesn’t talk much and definitely doesn’t bellow like smart-hole Una.” Etta concludes, watching the other girls find and locate their vanity suite.
Pemona adds. “Tulu might be smarter than Una but see how fast she got the bite-nats to transform. It took me thirty minutes to form this creation then another fifteen to get it right. Tulu got her’s right on the first mental thought. I watched her with deep interest.” Etta parts her lips with shock as Pemona roller balls her Emerald eyeballs into her skull and words. “Don’t act newborn, Etta. You been around the same sinkhole with Brazoria ‘cause I was there leading, girlfriend. We can work together, Etta. Get everyone eliminated but me and you then confront Hico and demand that he have two Apprentices. Has that?”
“Like a fine piece of working plan to me, girlfriend.” Etta giggles with a girly tone turning her body into her vanity suite.
[:>  Art Gallery. 6:01pm. The chop blocks are clean and shiny, minus the bite-nats spilled paint which washes and dries without any more stain spots. The canisters are cleaned and opened with sparking rainbow colors of glittering bite-nats and vanity mirrors have been added to each chop block for reflection and purpose of something new from Superintendent Vovina.
Tulu swiftly returns and quietly sits in her padded chair, staring studiously at her black hair parted in the middle, waving down her shoulders to her breasts and passed her waist, seeing her seriously sad Angel eyes as McCamy calls. One is bright Emerald green and other is bronze golden brown then hears Superintendent Vovina’s soprano with her eardrums.
Vovina lounges in her chair, holding the tiny horse-hair brush in the air with her hand, instructing sweetly. “Apprentices, I have more fun things planned. Watch me closely. I will instruct step by step. First, pull the hair from your face using the provided cloth headband. Second, wrap the provided cloth cape around your dress and fasten at collar. This will protect your creations but tonight is a test run so don’t worry about spoiling your gown. Now…locate the tiny brush inside your tray.” She patiently waits as the Apprentices obey her instructions then adds. “Dip the brush into the red bite-nats can.” She waits for the action then lectures. “Watch me!” Vovina outlines the edges of pale skin with a thin ribbon red, sailing it around her brow, around her right ear then down her jaw line and back up to other ear connecting the red ribbon. Giggles invade the room as she comments. “Yes, I do look funny…quiet clownish. You get to join me. Proceed!” Vovina watches the red decorations on the girls and compliments. “Very good! Does anyone have a clue to our fun?”
Tulu purses lips, tightly admiring the red ribbon outline around her face then thinks intellectually, searching the drawer for the photographs, studying the pics of the masked females.
“Night crème for old ladies.” An alto clarinet hums from Apprentice #1.
“Fright night at the movies.” An alto oboe sounds from Apprentice #2.
“Imitating my Grandma.” A soprano piccolo blows from Apprentice #3.
Tulu corrects with a loud fluting toot. “Masks for the Honeysuckle Ball.”
Vovina wrinkles her forehead, ugly with the red paint, eye burning Tulu in the corner and sighs then breathes, deeply, shouting. “Correct, twice for tonight, Apprentice Tulu. You’re making a smashing impact among the Apprentices. We are indeed face painting with bite-nats to create masks. The Honeysuckle Ball is a masquerade dance. Everyone wears masks. Paint your face using the color white between the red ribbon like you’re applying make-up foundation, completing the forehead, cheekbones, nose bridge, jaw line, and add some color to your ears.” Vovina decorates her face then waits and watches the girls.
She instructs. “Choose any color you wish around your eyelids, cheekbones, and lips. I like using the color orange on my lips with a reddish-brown tint on my cheeks, and finally I draw my eye sockets with a set of black thin lines surrounded by green, gold, and brown. There. I’m done. If you would like you can add color to your earlobes for jewelry. But, that’s the only gems on your skull, tonight. No tiaras! You can work on those creations for tomorrow’s Ball. Is everyone finished?” She waits then advises. “Look inside your tray for the new photo of an ancient Chinese Geisha girl. Has everyone found the photo?” Skulls bob up and down in silence as she orders. “Close your eyes! Think object: Geisha.” Vovina opens her eyelashes and scans the faces, noting this task is a very simple concept for new Apprentices.
Brazoria complains. “Vovina, we all look the same. There’s no room for vivid individuality or flashy exhibition of our unique skills in front of Hico. I don’t like this mask. I have good ideas for better presentation of my uniqueness…like…an elaborate Indian feathered colorful headdress or Egyptian gold and silver dais…”
“…or a ten-gallon cowboy hat to cover your ugly mug, Brazoria…too boot,” Pemona joins the ramblings and neck snaps her skull to Brazoria, grinning with a toothy smile.
Vovina breaks the feline cat fight. “You’re very welcome to experiment with headdresses, tiaras, and hats…but that’ll be tomorrow, Brazoria. At this moment, we’re running late for our grand entrance into the Honeysuckle Ball where your families await. Everyone toss your hair, fluff your dress, and warm up your dancing shoes. Let’s march, sugar plums! One! Two! Three!” She leads, first through the archway, turns right, and swirls her hemline down the empty hallway to the Dance Hall.
[:= Bull Pen. 6:15 pm. Kodare tenderly pinches his nose with two finger pads, examining beautifully the new recruits and slowly strolls around the teen male, remarking gleefully. “Magnificent, same height, almost same weight, same big strong biceps…,” he nosily smacks the dancer in his muscular chest between the ribs.
A deep sexy baritone trombone rumbles into the male’s eardrum next in line to him. “If that dude touches me…one more time, I’m going to bite his head off. Ya hear me, Hixson?”
“Stay cool, bro.” Hixson rumbles back in his deep sexy baritone trombone, whispering into the male’s eardrum.
Kodare slowly sanders around their bee_hinds examining the fine product and mumbling with vanity. “Excellent. You. Look. Beautiful. Bronzy tan. Bite-nats works wonders.” He poses regally center stage of his troops, announcing proudly. “Excellent, you all look beautiful….just like me.” He tenderly slaps his chest.
Hico enters the archway then suddenly stops, blinking his eyelids once, twice then thrice and strolls to Kodare, grinning with a toothy smile and nods his skull numerous times back and forth, inquiring seriously. “I didn’t know that North Riders…bronze, Kodare.”
“They didn’t.” Doboil smirks with a crooked lips, left and swiftly answers for Kodare. Kodare body spins to Hico then privately sneers at nosy Doboil.
“They didn’t.” Hico questions with mystery. “But…their resemblance is quite remarkable. Ahh! Bite-nats artistry at it’s finest. Do they sound like you?” Hico advances to the center dancer, inquiring. “Where colony are you from young man?”
A deep sexy baritone trombone rumbles. “North Ridge Mountains.” Hico grins with a goofy smile at the dancers then pivots to Kodare.
“Excellent work, Kodare, our audience will be very impressed.” Hico compliments, swinging around to view all the dancers.
Kodare nods his skull, once, grinning. “Thank you, Hico.”
Doboil counts with a single finger pads at the dancers. “1, 2….8…9.”
“What are you doing, Doboil?” Kodare smart-holes as Doboil spies on his troops then neck snaps his skull to his assistant, ordering firmly. “Hayden, take the troops down into the Bull Pen, get the boys measured for their dance outfits, and find out who’s never touched a female with his hands, get him some personal instructions before the live TV début.” Hayden nods his skull in silence acceptance and waves both hands horizontally hands towards the side door of practice dance studio.
“Hayden should add your name to that list, Kodare. Get ya some personal instructions...” Doboil chuckles and insults, marking more notes with the pen onto the electronic pad.
Hico breaks up the dog fight. “My doings? We’re overflowing with teens…this year’s Apprenticeship seems to have too many male dancers, not enough girls. Your fourteen plus Doboil’s thirteen…”
“Ya got thirteen males exactly sixteen-years old?” Kodare burns a set of invisible fireballs into Doboil who marks on his new TV screen then explodes loudly.
Doboil comments, working on the pad. “Exactly thirteen male dances sixteen-years old, what a coincidence? They don’t paint like pretty Kodarians, either.” Then, he chip whips his face swiftly to Kodare and smirks with a crooked smile.
Hico decides. “That equals 27 males coupled with 26 females, doesn’t not computer? Drop a dancer, Kodare. He can sit in the audience enjoy the show like the real suckers.” Hico chuckles, anticipating the new and improved Apprenticeship.
Kodare bats. “Minus Doboil a boy. I possess highly trained dancers complete with glittering costumes. Doboil puppies can’t find where to tinkle on center stage much less the dance floor.”
“I can train them to tinkle on your stage chair, doesn’t that count?” Doboil smoothly returns back, grinning with a toothy smile.
“I’m keeping my boy.” Kodare debates.
“Is that for yourself or the one of the girls?” Doboil questions then sniggers.
Hico dictates. “We aren’t playing elementary Tag Team…here. Drop a kid or I’m drop all your dancers, Kodare?”
Kodare pitches with a nasty tenor. “You…can’t eliminate all my chances from the contest, Hico?”
Doboil reminds. “You’re too old to dance, Kodare. The contest is for the sixteen years…olds.” He stares and studies at Kodare’s flaring nostrils then at Hico’s grinning teeth, clarifying. “I have seemed to somehow misplaced that particular office memo. What chances are you referencing, Kodare?” Hico grins with a fully smile as Kodare snorts, folding hands over his chest.
[:}  Dance Hall. 7:00pm. Dark night. 50ºF. The center stage raised platform holds Director Hico without a mask in his oversized high-back Cherry red wood chair blending into the matching Cherry red wooden panels outlined in the color of Aqua. Both sides of the wall hold an assortment of misshaped, mismatched, and varied colored chairs consisting of rocking chairs to a pair of Queen Anne’s formal Dining Room chairs along with King Louie’s padded French seats hugging the Cherry red panels outlined in the color of Violet. The rear wall is split by a set of double entrance doors for the Apprentices with red cherry wooden paneling on each side outlined in the color of bright baby chick yellow.
On each side of Director Hico’s pretend royal King Louis’s chair there soldierly stands with their hands cupped together in front of their hips a row of young hot males ranging in height of five feet and five inches to six feet and six inches. The teens wear a sleeveless and shirtless fabric vest parted straight down the middle, revealing a set of ripped roaring muscular chests which exhibits a set of finely steel round biceps on their arms and a pair of matching tight dancing pants leaving nothing to the imagination over their soft leather matching shoes which vary in vest fabric textures of satin, wool, cotton, plaid, rayon, jersey or silk over their naked bronzed tan skin along with varying colors of black, brown, gold, silver, green, red, yellow covering their faces that hides under a colorful mask creation consisting of a Hawk, a Lion, a Panther, a Tiger, an Elephant, a Dog, a Dinosaur, an Ape, and…the rest of the dead animals on Planet Earth.
Pemona follows closely behind Vovina then she suddenly stops at Dance Hall archway, eye burns each gorgeous hunky boy, determining which play mate she wants to play with, and decides all of them, grinning in a toothy smile.
Brazoria smashes into Pemona’s dress, calling ugly. “Move…bi…” Then, she nosily gasps her breathe upon seeing each animal mask on each muscular boy bod, grinning with a wicked smile and shakes her curvy hips to the soft music playing in the background.
“Look at that!” Etta blocks the archway from other females, parts her lips in shock, staring studiously at the male dance partners, and likes the ‘Panther’ mask and body best out of the boy lineup, grinning with a toothy smile and brushes her hands downs her hips.
Una breaks the roadblock at the archway, seeing the boy toys on center stage and neck snaps her skull to drooling Etta, sexy Brazoria, and greedy Pemona, pushing her hands between parked girls, and paths to a chair in center of Dance Hall.
Vovina swings around gracefully, and reprimands, grabbing Pemona by wrist. “Get into your chairs for intro, sugar plums! March! One. Two. Three. March!”
The Apprentices slowly herd then quickly divide, and quietly sit inside the chairs, staring studiously at their male escorts for the Ball while ignoring their family members lining the side walls in the mismatched chairs.
Tulu slowly strolls in her black and white antebellum plantation dress, and eye burns the guys, stumbling into the last chair on the right side of the last row, enjoying the view, and cuts her eyeballs to Una beside her. 
Una looks at Tulu then huffs with a musical tone and ponders deeply the need for a ball and a dance in Apprenticeship, then eye gleams the side wall for her family members, locating them on the left wall in the corner. She quickly waves with finger pads at her mother, father, sister with her husband and their toddler, and baby sister then cuts her eyeballs back to Tulu.
Tulu nods her skull once in silence and smiles at Una then eye gleams the hunky guys but doesn’t get too excited. Farm life on South Beach is hard work day until nightfall so like during the hot days, McCamy and workers remove their T-shirts from sweating in the hot sunlight as Tulu brings cool drinks and food during the break…likes…
Tulu had…liked to see McCamy best as she sighs then breathes, deeply with mixed emotions.
Director Hico slowly rises from the chair and extends his hands outward like hugging a Oak tree, and droning in tenor trumpet. “Welcome to Metro City Birmingham.” Applaud immediately as the sound of quiet follows then he continues. “Welcome to the Honeysuckle Ball.” Applaud immediately as the sound of quiet follows then he introduces. “I am Director Hico.” Applaud immediately as the sound of quiet follows then he names. “Welcome to Superintendents Vovina, Doboil, Starbe, and Kodare.” Applaud immediately as the quiet follows then he offers. “Welcome to all.” Applaud immediately as the quiet follows then he announces. “The rules of the Apprenticeship program are not to be broken starting with families are not permitted communication in any media format during Apprenticeship.” Applaud immediately as the quiet follows then he adds. “Families are allowed to attend the nightly dance competition beginning tomorrow as provided and planned by your host, me.” Applaud immediately as the quiet follows then he includes. “Apprenticeship ends when I decide.” Applaud immediately as the quiet follows then he ends. “Apprentices please extend your good-byes to family. I guarantee you will be with them very, very soon happily.” Applaud immediately as family members stand from the chairs.
The Apprentices dance gracefully to mother, father, sisters, and brothers as Hico returns to his chair in silence. The male escorts pose handsomely against the Cherry wood walls as Tulu rotates her neck muscles around the room, spotting the three empty chairs near the food table then sighs and breathes, deeply, understanding their absence. Her parents didn’t feel like transporting the four hours to Metro City Birmingham.
Tulu stands and advances to the food table, grabbing a couple of cheese sticks, and nibbles on the food, sitting alone in the empty chair, and worries about her Mama and Daddy at South Beach, while she prays peacefully to Taffy and McCamy in Heaven.
Doboil leans into Hico’s space, questioning softly. “The girls from South Beach…especially the one named Tulu should be eliminated last?”
“I do not recall you being promoted to dictatorship, Superintendent since I have held that title for five years and make all the decisions about Metro City Birmingham including Apprenticeship.” Hico spits, annoyingly.
“I want to point out that she looks sad, not happy. This is a happy occasion for the Apprentices and their families. Her family’s not present, still mourning in South Beach over the dead sister. Now’s not the time to draw attention, create waves, or rock the boat on the Gulf, especially down in South Beach. Her hometown friends might get curious, want someone from the Colony to investigate, interrogate, and interview people around Metro Hall. Do ya get my drift Hico? Ya know, sometimes a wounded tigress is more dangerous to…us.” Doboil smirks with a crooked lips, ugly as Hico chuckles and nods his skull at the valid point.
Hico responds. “I’ll take your words under advisement but for the moment…we’ll let nature run its course. If I accept your proposal, I will require implementation…from you since being it’s your concept.” Doboil nods his skull in silence as Hico funs and chuckles. “Time to prune the rose bushes.” Hico swiftly stands, advancing to the edge of the stage, calling. “Attention, attention, please! Kiss Mama and Daddy on their cheekbones! Departure time has arrived. Kodare and Doboil, please serve as escorts.” Kodare and Doboil swiftly raises from the oversized Cherry leather chairs parked between Hico, waving horizontally their hands toward Dance Hall archway, and clearing the dance floor very fast as Hico continues.  “Apprentices, may I have your attention, please.” He waits then adds. “More rules of Apprenticeship.” He pauses for drama then grins with a toothy smile. “…behind me…” He thumbs to the dancers.
“Hunks.” An alto oboe blasts from Apprentice #1, smiling.
“Big boys.” An alto clarinet blows from Apprentice #2, giggling.
“Hotties.” A soprano piccolo plays from Apprentice #3, smirking.
Hico smiles and taunts amusingly. “I can see that some of our Apprentices are impressed. Are any more impressed?” Applaud immediately as he continues. “These are your dance partners for tonight’s practice Ball. Each dancer is named Zapata which means ‘brother.’ I do believe that you understand the subtle hinting.” Both dove and hawk laughter invades the quiet room as Hico adds. “We all have an understanding. To keep the understanding clear from both male and female prospective, you are named Zavala which means ‘sister’…of course.” Soft dove giggles invade the quiet room.
“Come to me, brother.” A soprano piccolo yells from Apprentice #1, smiling.
“I only have sisters. I always wanted a big brother.” An alto oboe sounds from Apprentice #2, giggling.
“We are family…now!” An alto clarinet toots from Apprentice #3, smirking.
Hico nods his skull, once, and instructs. “Time is eight! We will dance all night since the night’s filled with young dancers. Enjoy the night! Tomorrow brings on your fight! Winner takes all!” He signals his skull nod at Vovina to begin music.
Soft jazz beats smoothly as chairs are removed swiftly from the dance floor then the dancer partners scatter onto the floor in a silence path while Tulu quietly sits inside her chair, and watches the male dancer stalk her. Her heart races and pulse accelerates tapping her toes to beat of the swinging music, then eye contact.
Hawk-man wears interestingly a mask outlined in black and blonde intertwined with horizontal streaks around the eye brow, ears, and jaw line much like a set of feathers on a hawk. His lips are painted a thin line of bright red while the nose bridge shadows by curved arches of black like a bird’s beak. His almond-sharp eye sockets blondish-yellow paint shrinks the natural forming Human eyeballs down to little tiny beady round discs but the pupils are baby blue like some South Beach natives.
The rest of Hawk-man decorates in six feet and four-inched tanned steel-like biceps and eight-pack abs on his deep bronze skin maybe the hot stud enjoys spending his days outdoors. The tight trousers leave nothing to her female imagination, except his natural boyish features under the mysterious face mask.
Tulu eye burns Kodare, recalling he duplicates the “same hottie male form” since she figures that Kodare is arrogant, vain, gay, or smart selecting boys much like his own physical image distinguishing no identification or individuality…just brothers or…in this case…escorts for dance.
Hawk-man leans into her space, extending his open palm friendly for dancing, and thunders in a deep sexy baritone trombone, naming. “Tulu.”
Tulu slowly stands from the chair and smiles, answering softly while placing her right hand into his left palm. “Yes.”
Hawk-man thunders in a deep sexy baritone trombone, and swiftly corrects. “Forgive me, I must address, milady as… Zavala. I am your escort for the evening. My name is Zapata.” Zapata accepts her hand, then twirls Tulu gracefully around in a gentle circle, settling her next to his elbow on the left side, and cuddles her hand, arm, and shoulder into his hard steel-like muscled naked chest while smiling goofy with the thin line of red lips similar to a farm chicken. He narrows his eyelids and studiously stares at his partner.
Zapata elegantly strolls to the left side of the dance floor, avoiding the middle collision of close bodies, and parks Tulu upon the floor, then he back swirls his body neatly around her body, and faces her, smiling in his goofy red chicken lips as Tulu giggles with a girly tone. Zapata holds his arm upright as Tulu places a single palm into his hand, and places his other hand around her tiny waist then sighs and breathes, deeply, chuckling and shuffling four steps right then three steps left, slowly.
Tulu giggles with a girly, and chats. “Show off!”
Zapata returns to her with his goofy smiles in red chicken lips. “I enjoy dancing…with you.”
Tulu rushes. “Am I supposed to talk? Is that against the rules? There are so many rules I can’t remember.” She eye burns Hico talking with Doboil and Starbe then sees Vovina dancing elegantly with Kodare then returns her eye balls to Zapata.
Zapata explains. “I can dance, talk, eat…with you, Zavala but…not kiss your beautiful….face.” He playfully flirts smiling in his goofy red chicken lips as Tulu suddenly stops dancing, loosens her gripe on his body, blinking once, twice then thrice and holds back the gathered tear drops from her eye sockets. Zapata stops dancing and parts his red chicken lips, funny and inquires. “Zavala, what did say? I am sorry. You look very sad. I was teasing…a very poor taunt. I can be a good cowboy. I promise. Please forgive me, Zavala.”
Tulu eye burns the floor and softly talks, holding back her gathered teardrops. “I…am sorry. I recently experienced…experienced loss…within my family. I am the one sorry. I…” She rotates her neck muscles around the happy dancers then sighs and breathes, deeply, confessing. “Now, I’m here.  Everyone’s happy. But…I don’t feel…that way.”
“Shall we rest? Sit for a period of time?” Zapata offers and finger points at the chair.
“Please let’s dance. Just talk, okay, just talk to me about…anything.” Tulu holds her arms in a semi-circle in the air, and asks to keep her mind, body, and soul occupied of life, not death.
Zapata tenderly grabs her hands and laughs with a hardy tone and thunders in a deep sexy baritone trombone. “I like to talk and dance. I like to eat, dance, talk…enjoy life. I like lots of things but this…silly mask. Does it look funny to you, Zavala?”
Tulu chuckles and studies his mask, commenting honestly. “I see a hawk with red chicken lips.” She chuckles as Zapata laughs then she asks. “What does my mask told ya?”
“Definitely Geisha doll, I note all the Apprentices look very similar. I thought you could select your own unique mask. This process makes it difficult to distinguish you from the flock.  But, not to say, that I do like your beautiful dress. Is it okay to compliment you and say that your dress is pretty?” Zapata offers with a friendly gesture.
Tulu sighs and breathes, deeply, and weakly chimes. “Thank you! I like compliments, too. Thanks for noticing my dress. Its created from bite-nats, first time. It’s funny but I fear that I might lose…” Tulu suddenly stops dancing, and chuckles then finger points at Kiwi who has turned into a multi-colored Popsicle covered in bite-nats and remarks. “O! Poor Kiwi! She’s so worried about losing her think object.”
Zapata tights his gripe on her waist, pulling her closer to his chest, and slowly sways to the music then adds and tests her resolve, chuckling. “Relaxation is the key followed closely by concentrate…or we, pesky fellows get to see those little pretty panties on bee_hinds. Hmm! Are you feeling nervous, Zavala?” He laughs with a hardy, and playfully tickles her rib cage.
Tulu blushes with a pinky color on both her cheekbones then slaps his bicep as Zapata laughs while she reprimands. “Zapata, you’re talking to a lady. A Southern lady! You’re not supposed to know things...female under things.” She pulls away from him and gently pouts, then playfully folds her gloves over the tied black bow on her waist, giggling and stomping her silk slipper onto the floor. She eye burns the floor, and studiously stares at the colors of black and white.
“What’s wrong, Tulu?” Zapata inquires, twisting his mask silly and studies her facial features.
“The floor…is smooth.” Tulu talks and circles her dance slipper on the glassy floor.
“Dance floor for dancing.” He displays the soft shoe dance movement then lands on a kneecap, extends his arms for the finale, smiling goofy in red chicken lips then stands.
Tulu giggles with his funny dance, clearing her mental thoughts. “I know for dancing. But, isn’t it strange the floor is hard…like solid rock? I believe this to be marble, or is this granite? We dance a lot back home on raised wooden platforms to absorb foot impacts, keeping tender shins from arching or bowing. This hard tile will ache my arches until sun block, tomorrow.”
Zapata eye burns the floor then scans the black and white granite with eyeballs left and right, complimenting. “You’re smart…m…my little cookie.”
Vovina skips to Tulu, inquiring. “What’s wrong? You’re not dancing or practicing Tulu. Are you sick? Are you hurt? Are you losing your bite-nats, Tulu? It’s important to hold your thought or the consequences will not be pretty?” Vovina eye burns Zapata and sneers with an ugly tone, offering. “I’ll see to it you have another Zapata.”
“I’m not nervous, Superintendent Vovina. I can easily hold my think object…all night long until sun block. I …,” Tulu dumps with an uncomfortably gut feeling.
Vovina nods her skull, once then neck snaps her skull to Zapata then returns her eyeballs back to Tulu, emphasizing. “Alright! Very well! I guess this Zapata can stay. There are 25 others to choose from beside ‘it.’ Remember, the competition’s not graded on your dance steps. You and any Zapata can sway at any method to any tempo as long as you hold your mental thought and your bite-nats mask intact. This is my final warning, Tulu.” Tulu bobs her skull once in silence as Vovina finishes. “But…if you need my assistance, I’m over there…for any reason.”
“Yes ma’am!” Tulu reacts and eye burns the floor for embarrassing her and Zapata as Vovina gracefully pirouettes in her formal gown back to Doboil.
Zapata respectfully bows at the waist to Tulu, inviting. “May I have this dance, Tulu?”
She smiles at him, offering. “Thanks for the rescue! I’m sorry. I was curious about the floor.” She rotates her neck muscles around the dance floor, studying the dancers. Some laugh. Some groan. Some fight. Some play. She eye burns Zapata, frowning ugly in her Geisha mask, emphasizing. “So many rules! Too many rules! I think another new object: going home, leaving Apprenticeship…forever.”
“I think object.” He soldierly stands with arms against his sides, smiling goofy in his red chicken lips. “Home.”
Tulu neck snaps her skull to the three empty chairs that represents her missing parents and her newly murdered sister, shaking her skull sideways in the mask, droning bravely and swaying slowly in Zapata’s arms. “I can’t. My…Mama…she’s so proud of me even with yesterday….”
Zapata subject changes. “I can dance all night long…with you, Tulu. You’re light…on your feet.” Her natural red lips parts slightly as Zapata teases. “I see a smile. Your shoes are pretty.” Her natural red lips crook a little more slightly as Zapata taunts. “I see a smirk. You smell pretty, too?” Her natural red lips show her white teeth as Zapata cheers. “Success! I see toothies. You smell like fresh sweet hand picked honeysuckles, which is very nice to chicken noses. Do chickens have noses, nostrils?”
“Chickens have nose holes for breathing. And I stole….them from the honeysuckle fields. There are tons of honeysuckle vines outside Metro City. I hope that’s okay. There are so many rules, here. I’m really not used to rules. I used too…” Tulu empties incompletely.
Zapata fills completely, “…freedom.”
Tulu subject changes. “You did a very good job painting your face with bite-nats and your dance outfit. Is this your first masked dance?”
“I can’t take credit. Some artist, I believe draw the mask. I just thunked it.” Zapata laughs as Tulu giggles then he continues. “The outfit is real fabric.” Zapata chuckles. “We’re alpha dogs…we lead, not think. If we think too much….it leads…well…to…too much…” He smiles with a goofy grin and inquires. “How’s your Apprenticeship leading? Are you first, or last, or in-between the competition for that prime job? Heard the winner…gets lots of nice stuff…like good steady work, health services for the family, education for the children and such and such. I was passed over the selection process when I turned sixteen. Don’t matter to me! I like my life, enjoy life…so short and all.”
“I’m sorry to hear that, Zapata. I heard the winner gets the same stuff, also. Competition starts tomorrow. Absolutely clueless about my tests or exams of Apprenticeship, I’m not really an academician. Mc…,” Tulu names with sadness in her tender heart and sharp mind then eye burns the floor.
“My, what?” Zapata questions, while staring with black round eyeballs at the top of her black hair roots.
“Not good book learning…” Tulu words, eye burning the floor then returns her eyeballs upon Zapata. “I understand there’s a dance and mask every night for the Apprenticeship. Will you be my dance partner?”
“I didn’t hear that adverb…‘again.’ Trying to trade me in, already? Well, I get paid to dance with you or not? But, you’re light on your feet, don’t like platforms shoes, stomp my tender big toes. Money’s real nice, and company is too….all pretty girls. Well, I guess you’re pretty. It’s hard to tell with that Geisha doll-mask. Are you pretty? O! Maybe that’s why ya’ll wear the masks?” Zapata annoys for fun then chuckles with a hardy tone.
Tulu laughs with a girly tone and answers. “No. I’m not turning you in, or down for tomorrow, Zapata. Tomorrow’ll be a very different experience for the both of us. I probably will be wearing platform shoes so bandage your toes…just in case.” Tulu giggles then continues. “I can speak for the other Apprentices. We are…all pretty. Pretty in our soul, heart, and mind. So there! I really don’t comprehend the need for the masks or dances. I don’t comprehend the competition stage, yet. That’ll be tomorrow bright and early. But…I can tell ya that some of the girls are intense along with Vovina. She’s my Superintendent. She doesn’t like you breaking the rules.” Zapata neck snaps his skull at Vovina dancing with nasty Kodare as Tulu confesses. “I ran over her toes, early this afternoon. But I’m an action girl! I thunk solutions, not lay and complain about the problems. I guess…this…competition boils my blood, gets me moving in the right direction since…,” Tulu eye burns the floor, again with her sad thoughts.
“Since what…,” dumps Zapata, while smiling with red chicken lips at Tulu.
Tulu looks at Zapata and comments softly. “I hope I can dance with you…tomorrow night. I’ll talk to Superintendent Vovina about you being my first and only choice as escort for my Apprenticeship for the next six days. We mush together fine as dancers. Tell me your real name?” She inquires with an innocent look as he smiles with his goofy red chicken lips.
“I have been strictly instructed to call you ‘Zavala’ and address my person as ‘Zapata.’ I don’t want to get my person into trouble.”
Tulu addresses. “I’m sorry. You’re correct. So, will you wear more red chicken lips so I can recognize you instantly upon that fierce hawk brow?” She giggles.
Zapata rumbles in a deep sexy baritone trombone. “Hmm! That’s a very good question. I was drawn by a professional artist who happened to select the ‘Hawk’ mask. I’ll request the same mask for tomorrow, of course but I can’t guarantee success.” Zapata studies then inquires. “May I make a suggestion, Zavala?” Tulu bobs her skull in silence and smiles at him as Zapata details. “Wear your fresh sensed honeysuckles. I’ll notice you, immediately. And, I’ll duplicate your odor. We can smell, alike…guaranteeing identification. How’s that, Zavala?”
Tulu smiles while commenting with a sweet soprano. “You’re very easy to talk with Zapata and funny and a great two-stepper. You remind me…,” empties and eye burns the floor.
Zapata fills, “…your Daddy.” Tulu giggles as Zapata whines in a baby tone timbre. “That’s always the common answer. Girls like to be reminded that they have Daddies who spoil them, take care of them…love them.” Tulu bobs her skull in silence holding back the gathered tear drops in her eye socket, and mentally thinking about her Daddy’s love and loss of Taffy and her own love and loss of McCamy as Zapata pulls Tulu gently into his chest, whispering into her right eardrum. “Tulu, I’ll be here right here to dance all these dances with only…you, take care of ya. I promise like a good cowboy.” Tulu closes her eyelashes and leans into Zapata as they slowly bumps in a circle around the floor, ignoring the soft music as she permanently misses Taffy and McCamy.
Dance Competition. Night #1 New day. Dance Hall. 7:00pm. The overhead bright spot lights flicker randomly across the swirling black and crème marble dance floor as musical trumpets toot in B-flat song tones. The percussion snarl drum head rolls steady as a single spot light beams perfectly at Superintendent Vovina while she regally stands and beautifully waves a single hand and lovely smiles at the roaring audience of chair sitters inside Metro City and home sitters outside Metro City, calling. “Lights, please!”
The music crescendos from soft piano to ear-piercing steel guitar while the single spot light expands and encompasses Vovina, the dance floor, the small stage of figures, and four sections of cheering, waving, standing, jumping, spitting, and bouncing rowdy spectators then Vovina announces. “Welcome, everyone. Welcome to Apprenticeship.” Applaud immediately as the quiet follows then Vovina offers. “Thank you, everyone! May I introduce to the live audience….Director Hico of Metro City Birmingham.” Applaud immediately as the single beamed spotlight hits the feet of singular figure standing on the edge of the stage, and expands, encompassing the feet to the skull of the singular figure then center stages towards the outer stage to the horizontal edges of the dance floor then into the rowdy spectators, again.
Hico introduces with a happy tenor saxophone timbre. “Thank you, thank you! I am honored to be here hosting our fourth annual Apprenticeship….and for the first time…appearing before…,” he chuckles and adds, “…well, I’m appearing before a live audience but I don’t seem to be myself.” He touches the bite-nats mask. “Do you like my happy face?” Applaud immediately as the quiet follows then Hico remarks. “Thank you! I will explain my…appearance shortly.”
Vovina leans into Doboil, studying her co-workers bite-nats masks. “What’s he doing?” Hico wears the Elephant-mask with the aggregated gray trunk hanging from its nose while Doboil reflects the face of a Fox-mask along with the disgusting reddish-brown tiny ear hairs. Kodare inflames his nostrils like a real Monkey in a bite-nats mask and Starbe flicks back and forth her delicate Giraffe ear tips on her bite-nats mask.
“He changed the rules.” Doboil whispers into Vovina’s right eardrum.
“The rules!?” Vovina empties and puzzles.
Hico fills, “…are very simple. One, we all will have fun. Two, we all will have fun and participate. Three, we all will have fun and participate wearing masks.” Applaud, cheers, and whistles immediately echo as the quiet follows then Hico continues. “I am glad. You are glad. I have selected.… (touches his face)….the mighty mammal bull elephant as my mask. For tonight’s first evening’s competition, you…too can select your design mask. Bring out the bite-nats tubs.”
White flowing steam covers like clouds in the blue sky around the flying mechanical bats as the slender tubes with swinging hoses douse seated and standing folks with colored streams of rainbows consisting of red, green, blue, orange, yellow, pink, purple, silver, and gold while applaud, cheers, and whistles wildly echo inside the Dance Hall. Hico patiently waits as the audience studiously decorates their faces, arms, and entire clothed bodies with multi-colored bite-nats, grinning viciously as the bat tubes empty quickly with more applaud, cheers, and whistles wildly sound.
“Bring out the dancers…,” Hico calls and waves his single hand horizontally for the visual signal to the door keepers who dress in insect bite-nats masks.
The spot light gleefully dances across the black and white granite floor in a wild pattern as rock and roll music blasts loudly while the audience sways, swings, stands, cheers, and claps wildly eighteen Gowns elegantly flow from the left archway as eighteen Gowns gracefully flow from the right doorway towards the middle of the dance floor. eighteen Biceps soldierly march left off center stage as eighteen Biceps manly strut right off with male Biceps fall behind female Gowns for the first Honeysuckle Ball competition of night one.
Tulu wears a formal floor length red dress that backgrounds in paint covered slashed diagonal patterns of black, yellow, white, and pink waddling on red three-inched high heels upon her naked feet, and bright fire-engine red elbow gloves over her naked hands and arms. Tulu’s hair decorates in a long black ponytail behind her new mask of Calico-Cat bite-nats consisting of a white background and black, yellow, and red diagonal slashes across her face that match her dress pattern as she eye burns Hawk-man and smiles with a silly grin of bright pink lips.
The rock and roll music suddenly stops as the introduction musical fanfare of flutes toot softly and snarl drums roll steady while Gowns curtsey gracefully and Biceps bows respectfully then the Jazz music queues briskly for the first dance of the night, a Tango.
Hico swiftly stands from the chair and screams wildly, grinning with a toothy smile. “Stop!” Silent immediately follows as the music halts suddenly then the single spot light beams onto Hico’s face as bite-nats masks attentively seek the attention of the Director of Metro City Birmingham. Hico words softly. “I forgot…,” pauses for drama then chuckles and continues, “…to explain the simple rules.” The audience laughs then quiets as he begins. “First, our teens have worked so hard to achieve this endeavor I congratulate each and everyone one of you.” The audience claps then quiets as he talks. “Second, the competition will be limited for precisely fifty minutes. Third, and…I feel very badly reminding that everyone can succumb to…failure.” He presents duck lips, ugly and states. “If your mask waivers…every so slightly or disappears from your face for one half-second….You. Will. Be….eliminated from Apprenticeship.” Boos immediately sound then quiets as he continues. “Good sportsmanship, here.” He rudely finger points at the east and west walls and tattles. “Please note! The seated judges have been selected from our pool of Metro City finest….”
“Judges?” Vovina questions, leaning her mask into his face.
“Metro City trash cans.” Doboil growls like a wounded animal, answering the inquiry.
“Prisoners, Hico has dumped criminals from the tankers acting as judges.” Vovina sums.
“Who better to judge a throat-cutting, knife gut-twisting, deadly competition?” Doboil equips.
“You’re idea! Splendid, Doboil!” Vovina smiles as Doboil nods his skull with the silence acknowledgement.
“….parked on the sidelines, their decisions are final. No replays. No repeats. No returns.” Hico grins with a toothy smile and apologizes. “I am sorry for the interruption. Please, forgive me. Music, please!” Hico pivots and waddles to his chair to watch the show.
Zapata dresses as Hawk-man, circling gracefully around Appreciate Tulu then closetly hugs her to his chest, whispering into her eardrum as the soft slow Jazz notes play. “You are beautiful, Zavala.”
“Call me Tulu, okay? Not that funky name. What’s your name…your real name?”
“Zapata.” A deep sexy baritone trombone rumbles deeply in her right eardrum as she giggles.
“Ah! Come on! We’re in for a long night. Sixty minutes of stomping on my tender toes, I should get a real name, not the brotherly slur.” Tulu flirts and giggles, swaying in his arms to the slo mo song.
“I don’t stomp toes.” Hawk-mask pulls back his skull and cocks sideways his head presenting his goofy red chicken lips, funny then informs. “But, I’ve noted very swiftly that you’re un-balanced.” He looks down at her dress hemline and inquires. “New shoes?” Tulu stops and lifts her delicate flock then rudely finger points at her perfectly new pink three-inched sandals and matching pink-painted toenails.
“I think….too high.” She giggles then adds. “I’m a little wobbly. I usually wear…nothing.” She giggles then adjusts with a silly grin of pink. “I wear nothing on my feet. I like the feel of grass and earth. Do you like my dance shoes?”
“You’re beautiful, Tulu.” Deep sexy baritone trombone sweet breathes into her face.
Tulu giggles and corrects. “The shoes, Zapata?”
“You’re beautiful, Tulu. They’re beautiful, Tulu. You smell nice like honeysuckles. You remembered our pact.” Zapata reminds with a gently tug of her body into his chest as he whispers into her right eardrum.
“I remember everything. Funny, I’m not nervous or concerned about losing my mask. How do you feel?” Tulu asks with more confidence and fun, smiling.
The tempo of the music swings into a rock and roll song as Zapata smiles with his goofy red chicken lips enjoying the fun playful moment and words. “I feel like hopping.”
Tulu pulls away from Zapata then giggles and tosses her arms left and her shoes right then laughs a hardy tone as Zapata joins her silly movements, swinging their limbs the opposite direction and avoiding permanent injury to their bodies.
Hico stands and calls. “Stop the music.” The music ceases as bite-nats masks seek Hico, again then he rudely finger points at the exposed Apprentice covered in gold paint and executes. “Judges?” He eye burns the black flag which represents a dismissal from the competition and orders. “I am sorry, Apprentice. You are eliminated from the dance.” Boos immediately hiss as the music cranks into a fast rock and rock song.
[:)  Basement. 11:40pm. 45ºF. Under the empty and quiet dance floor of the Dance Hall is a small area of space containing a few pieces of used, ripped, and stinky furniture from once ago when the city of Birmingham held town events long before the Nuke War III, the two yellow faded sofas, three oversized red leather rippled chairs, single Oak square table, four lamps, and a dirty beige rug under all the furniture decorates into a compact neatly hidden storage basement with lots of other secret things.
McCamy loudly slams open the basement solid worn wooden single door and huffs in musical tone, stomping in his faded blue jeans, tight white cotton short-sleeved T-shirt, and his favorite worn brown cowboy boots following by Hixson, Rusk, and Baycliff. Baycliff bends at his waist then playfully tickles her ribs as she giggles then viciously slaps his hand away from her squatted body.
Taffy kneecaps on the dirty carpet under the air conditioning vent, scratching the white cobwebs from her bobbed light brown hair then crawls on fours (palms and kneecaps) from the vent wall. She stands upright and walks to the single Oak table, scribbling the overheard top secret data information into Taffy’s eardrums onto the paper notebook then glances at accurate wall clock above the table, commenting. “Back so soon?” She swings her body around to the boys, leaning her bee_hind against the table, folding naked hands across her naked forearms and wrinkles her forehead, ugly. “No celebration?”
“We’re perfect.” Rusk compliments and sits on the patched yellow sofa, grabbing a drink from the small travel cooler positioned between the sofa and chair.
“I concur with Rusk.” Hixson picks a cold drink from the same cooler, snapping the tab then nosily sips the beverage, sitting beside Rusk.
“How can ya tell them twins apart, Hixson?” Baycliff questions in the oversized chair, presents duck lips, funny as he studies Rusk.
“McCamy’s meaner.” Hixson mentions with a nasty baritone then chuckles loudly as McCamy pitches a handful of trash from the floor at Hixson while Hixson bats it away effortlessly then chuckles again along with Rusk and Baycliff.
“We’re pooped…mores the right proper term.” Baycliff interprets brilliantly, smiles, sipping on the stolen beverage from the ice cooler, as well.
“He-man can’t dance.” Rusk playfully kids and chuckles along with Hixson.
Baycliff annoys, screwing his eyebrows, ugly. “I like to dance, the two-step, not this fango-tango fluff for flamingos at Hixson’s pond.”
“I killed those flamingos for eating my corn.” Hixson updates with a serious demeanor then sips on his cold drink.
“Get the right man for the job. Don’t eat Taffy’s food, Baycliff?” Rusk nitpicks at his friend then steals a pack of crackers from the single picnic basket as well along with Hixson.
Baycliff solves. “We get more. I likes to steal… too.” The yellowish-brown food partials disgust nasty between Baycliff’s white molars when he smiles as baritone trombone cowboy laughter echoes inside the tiny room.
“Gross, man. Brush your teeth and comb your hair and take a bath, ya sweat like Hixson’s pigs.” Rusk commands with authority then eats with gentleman manners his pack of crackers.
“Ate them hogs last winter at Holiday.” Hixson reminds in a deep sexy baritone trombone then grins with food between his molars following his friend Baycliff as more cowboy laughter rings in the tiny room.
McCamy doesn’t laugh, sitting alone deep in mental thought and tired body on the ratty oversized red leather torn and beaten chair, inquiring with a serious tone. “What’s the latest buzz, Taffy?”
Taffy reads her notes and purses her lips, tightly. “They have changed the game plan, again.”
“Something else, not new. I know I gots another new idea, kidnap Tulu and go home.” Hixson honestly proposes then nosily slurps his beverage as he eye burns McCamy with a single nod of his skull.
“We stay.” Taffy commands, diva-like, bobbing her skull up and down looking at Baycliff
Baycliff repeats her words, grinning silly then winks his eyelid, left at Taffy. “Yeah, we stay.”
McCamy shakes side to side his newly cropped blonde skull, rumbling in sexy baritone trombone, observing. “We’ve scouted for two days, Taffy. Can’t find no sign of threats to Tulu.”
“Baycliff’s your threat, hoss, cozying up to Tulu for the night.” Rusk ratty tattles, grinning with an evil smile then nosily sips the beverage.
“Baycliff?” Taffy twists her lips, funny, cocking her skull sideways and viewing him.
“Got painted Hawk-man. Squawk! Squawk!” Baycliff exclaims with a humor and laughs with a hardy tone then burps in a disgustingly tone after finishing his beverage.
“You looked a little too comfy with my girl.” McCamy leans heavily into Baycliff’s space, threatening the boy.
Baycliff pitches the can inside the cooler, quoting. “I followed your obtuse instructions, snot-hole. Hold her close.” Rusk and Hixson soldierly stand on the carpet, and illustrate Baycliff’s narrative as they dance, and hold each other close while Taffy laughs and Baycliff snorts.
Rusk and Hixson stupidly grin at each other while McCamy steams with an invisible stream of smoke from his eardrums then Baycliff lists. “Whisper in her ear. Lead like a gentleman. Act like a jackass.” Rusk slams his palm painfully against Hixson’s cheekbone leaving a red imprint for the visual and vocal illustration as Baycliff laughs then McCamy chuckles, and Hixson viciously tackles Rusk to the floor, trying to pound his skull into carpet. Baycliff leans deeply into McCamy’s space and replays during the fight between Rusk and Hixson. “Now, she even wants me to call her…Tulu, sweetheart.”
McCamy sneers like a wounded animal and swiftly stands as Taffy quickly blocks using her tall body at McCamy’s frontal attack on snot-hole Baycliff then silently finger points him back towards the sofa as McCamy re-seats and eye burns annoying smart-hole Baycliff.
Baycliff laughs and comments. “You can be Hawk-man, tomorrow. I’ll be last in line, instead of first.”
McCamy quickly recovers and annoys to her. “I want to be gone, tomorrow. Taffy, there’s no threat to Tulu…”
Taffy includes. “South Beachers, not just Tulu.”
McCamy orders. “Someone tell her. So’s…we can go home and end this charade. Our parents are deeply depressed and frantically worried sick about our misplaced bodies.” Rusk and Hixson return their bodies to separate corners on different chairs from the pretend fight, wiping the nasty muck off their clothes.
Baycliff clarifies. “Fake deaths. Fake funeral. Fake Apprentices. I believe, Taffy. Hico changes the Apprenticeship plans every day. You don’t change plans every day unless you’re plain stupid…or plain hiding something. Just because Tulu wasn’t touched tonight doesn’t mean it won’t be tomorrow. There’s something strange going on here, McCamy. I want to find it along with Taffy.”
“How long does Apprenticeship last? I’ve been asking that question. No one has an answer to that question. Don’t want to answer that question or don’t know the answer to that question. Period.” Rusk brilliantly emphasizes as Baycliff nods once with his skull at Rusk then McCamy distortedly twists his lips, ugly while Hixson eats a second pack of crackers.
Taffy continues. “That’s another clue, right there! Hico runs this show, creating this show for a very specific reason. I want to know what, why, where, when, and how. Apprenticeship has been running for four years. Where are all the sixteen-year old teens…now? What Metro City employs them? If they are employed by the some of the new USA Colonies, why don’t we have Apprentices working with your father, Baycliff since he’s the new mayor? And my final question, when will this stop…never…until we stop it.”
McCamy whines. “Taffy…that’s all and good, but it might take us days, weeks, or months to answer those questions. I suggest you contact Hico, get an appointment, and pose those excellent unanswered questions to him. We have an open government…or so.”
Baycliff provides. “What about the twenty South Beachers here, McCamy? Why so many? They make up over half the female dancers. Kodare shanghaied those girls from their parents using…(holds a TV devise)…those little devices…the new mini-TVs…to here in Metro City Birmingham…for the Apprenticeship program. He can’t possibility provide employment for all those teens. What’s up with that, McCamy?”
McCamy lectures. “Ya heard Hico. This competition is only one Apprentice spot. Ya’ll…both of ya’ll are making a mountain out of a few mole holes. Gets a great idea. We grab Tulu and leave go back home to South Beach.” He huffs musically then eye burns Taffy as she shakes her skull side to side with a visual negative response.
“I’m entering the competition.” Taffy announces with a wild cat surprise as Baycliff drops his jaw and McCamy shakes his blonde skull side to side with a negative response.
“I’m not rocking the boat, captain. I think…,” Hixson dumps between the bites of food.
Taffy stomps her right cowgirl boot towards him from the table, and rudely finger points at Hixson. “I think, here, cowboy.” Then, she rudely finger points at Rusk, dictating. “I’m the brains. I’m the smart one. I’m the strong one. I’m the plan mistress.” Taffy rudely finger points at each cowboy, reminding. “I planned our fake deaths. I planned the escape from the fusion. I planned our entrances into Apprenticeship. I planned everything. Now, I plan to enter Apprenticeship.”
“We stay.” Rusk bobs his skull in agreement with Taffy, searching his eyeballs at McCamy who roller balls his baby blue pupils into the rear of his skull with disagreement.
“Sure, Taffy.” Baycliff agrees, nodding his skull several times with Rusk.
Hixson inquires. “How ya going to enter a dance without Tulu seeing ya?” He finishes the beverage then burps loudly.
McCamy intrigues. “Better question, how ya going to dance when the competition’s filled with all the invited dancers?”
Rusk proposes, winking his left eyelid at Taffy. “Beat an ugly one up, hoss! Problem solved…I suggest…”
Baycliff expresses, shaking his blonde skull side to side. “I can’t just beat a girl for doing nothing to me…now if she decided to bust my nose. I’d pop her jaw…like Luford did.” He eye burns Rusk. “Remember that kid, Rusk.”
“Charm her then…,” Rusk offers.
“Takes too long…,” Baycliff remarks, sitting on the edge of the chair with his eye balls on the dirty floor.
Taffy crosses her naked arms over her T-shirt, stomps her cowgirl boot, right then left then roller balls her Emerald pupils into the rear of her skull and purses her lips, tightly. She un-cross her naked arms, advancing to Baycliff then grabs forcefully both of Baycliff’s cheekbones, and plants a wet kiss on his soft pink lips, holds…1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds then Taffy releases his lips then steps backs on booted heels and smirks with crooked lips, left and pants heavy between breathes of oxygen. “Do…,” she swallows the kissing spit and tattles breathlessly, “…exactly that to one of the South Beach girls.” Cowboy baritone trombone laughter invades the quiet room immediately.
“Let’s go and pick ya a pretty one, hoss?” Rusk orders, standing and laughs with a hardy tone.
“Not Tulu, no one touches my girl.” McCamy dictates, leading the cowboys out the basement door into the hallway.
“Sure.” Baycliff wipes his wet lips with the back of hand, acknowledging. “Yeah…shore there, Taffy.” They all exit the archway as she hears them chuckling softly in the hallway moving towards the Bull Pen.
“Boys!” Taffy grunts as the door slams shut.
Dance competition. Day #2. Basement. 5:30pm. Hawk-mask McCamy wears sexy on his body the black sleeveless and shirtless open vest barely touching the top waist of the matching black tight pants covering his worn brown cowboy boots as he de-masks into colors of black, brown, and yellow while he readies for start of Dance Competition for night two.
He uprights the white paper letter in the air, snorting heavy as Taffy quickly loses her Chick-mask that colors in bright yellow, black, and white paint on her tanned face while parting her lips, widely, smacking her eyelashes upright then eye burns the floor, then her backpack then returns back her eyeballs to McCamy, crying. “My property?”
McCamy tattles, snorting lightly. “How interesting since it contains Baycliff’s name on the first printed line from his beau…Amita?” Rusk violently jerks the raised letter from McCamy’s hand, reading the words silently then sneers with a nasty tone and hands off the letter to Hixson for his visual inspection.
“Time for confession, Taffy? Why we stay? Why we here?” McCamy un-happily demands, folding biceps across his muscular chest.
Baycliff confesses, moving to stand protectively beside Taffy. “I’m trying to find Amita. She came here last year, during Apprenticeship. She lived here. She doesn’t live, or has moved or hasn’t been seen by any eyeballs since Apprenticeship.”
“You risked Tulu, my girl to find…to find a…a ghost.” McCamy threats with a deadly timbre.
“Something else strange is happening here, McCamy in Metro City Birmingham. Hico and the others they have benefit…,” Taffy hurriedly dampens McCamy’s nasty behavior.
Angry McCamy fills completely, “…been conducting silly dance contests for years. I can’t believe…that I’m a pawn, a pasty, a pushover. I think...”
“Do not think, bro!” Hixson warmingly warns and moves toward McCamy and McCamy’s angry behavior preparing to jump, kitten-like upon McCamy if’an he wants to strike against Baycliff. McCamy would never hit a female as taught by his Mama.
“I think we’re in big trouble, Taffy. Fake deaths. Fake funerals. For black words on white paper…” McCamy dictates with authority then body spins toward the archway, ordering. “We go. I wish you luck, Taffy…to whatever you need to find. You’re lookout, Hixson. Rusk stands, waits, and watches for movement of Tulu. Then, we escape out the backdoor tunnel back to our home in South Beach.” He exits the hallway, calling loudly near the door frame. “Rusk?”
“Dangerous. Foolish game, Taffy.”  Rusk shakes his blonde cropped skull sideways then sighs and breathes, deeply, talking disappointedly.
“Thanks for getting me this far, Rusk.” Taffy words softly, watching him, Hixson, and McCamy leave the room.
“Rusk?!” Invisible body of McCamy rumbles in baritone trombone down the hallway since he needs Rusk to help extract Tulu from the Apprentice girls before the attendance march into the Dance Hall.
Taffy neck snaps her skull to Baycliff, offering peacefully. “We’ll find her...together. They did what they could. Let them go back home to South Beach. She’s here, Baycliff. I believe her words in the letter.”
Baycliff strongly suggests, hugging closetly Taffy into his chest, sweet whispering into her face. “Maybe, you should go, also...Taffy. Rusk’s right. This is dangerous for you…here at Metro City with Hico.”
Taffy defies softly. “No, I promised her and you. Go back up to the Bull Pen before you’re missed. I’m returning to upstairs. I’m going to replace Tulu before they find an Apprentice missing and we all get discovered.” He closetly hugs Taffy against his naked chest then sweetly pecks her yellow painted cheekbone as Rusk quickly backs away from the door crack between the wooden frame and door then sighs and breathes, heavy.
[:=  Bull Pen. 6:01pm. Kodare orders. “Flip your arm.” He draws a thin hollow outline of a straight pen then thickens the middle with a heavy glob of baby blue bite-nats on the first male dancer’s arm in horizontal line-up.
A deep sexy baritone trombone rumbles from the dancer, looking with his eyeballs at the painted art work on his inner forearm “What’s this thing?”
Kodare describes. “Blade, haven’t you seen a blade before, Zapata?”
The same dance rumbles deeply. “Yeah, seen a blade.” The dancer closes his eyelids and mentally performs the think object: blade. The silver shimmering baby blue glitter creates a single flash blade, forming inside the meat of his arm and covers the center hand palm to the crook of his elbow. The flash blade measures eight deadly inches long, shines and shimmers from the overhead lights as the Dancer devilishly smirks with twisted lips and flips the blade forward in the air then direct points threateningly at Kodare’s tanned nose bridge while he rumbles in baritone trombone:  “Name’s Baycliff, not Zapata.”
Kodare snarls in Baycliff’s face being same height, bronzy “bite-nats” sun-tan, and blonde cropped hair except that Baycliff wears a Tiger-mask and an impressive set of steel flexing biceps of a young healthy teen stud compared to Kodare’s old body of thirty-something. “You don’t frighten me, Zapata.” Sniggers sound along a horizontal plane as Kodare neck snaps his skull to the line of dancers, reminds. “All of you are called ‘Zapata’ which means ‘brother’ for obvious reasons. All of you are mine, ya better remind that concept, too.” He two-steps and paints on the next forearm then nosily sniffs with inflamed nostrils at Panther-mask, yelling. “Ya smell?”
Panther-mask’s deep baritone trombone rumbles with danger, “….and you kiss your Mama!”
“Wash that odor off…now!” Kodare orders and snarls ugly.
Panther-mask disgustingly sniffs his right hairy underarm like a stray dog, grinning with a silly smile and coolly stings. “Like it…makes the girls’ crazy.” Another set of light sniggers sound along the horizontal plane without Kodare reacting.
Kodare dares not challenge another hick smart-hole North Ridger, screwing his eyebrows, ugly then two-steps and paints a new arm down the row as he stands in front of Zapata #5 who strongly suggests in baritone trombone. “Looks funny with one arm painted, Kodare? Someone might get suspicious.”
“My mark of greatness for Riders!” Kodare laughs with a hardy.
Zapata #5 recommends and holds the painted arm in the air. “It is like a tattoo but I guarantee Swamplanders will notice. Give us two tattoos for the price of one.” He roars with laughter along with his fellow Riders.
Kodare studies the arm, deciding executively. “Mmm! Great idea! Twice as nice! Twice the prize! You think big which means your rewards will be…bigger.” He chuckles and paints a second bite-nat straight pen upon the left arm of the Dancer, moving down the row then doubles back with a second paint job. He gives the rusty canister to Hayden then soldierly pivots to his troops, standing center stage in the Bull Pen and clears his nosily throat. “This is first night of true competition. This is first night of true victory. This is first night of true rules of Apprenticeship.”
“Taffy’s right, Rusk.” The Tiger mask which holds the teen named Baycliff whispers into the left eardrum of his childhood friend.
The Panther mask which holds the teen named Rusk confirms back to Tiger/Baycliff’s mask. “Stay sharp, bro!”
Kodare orders to the bite-nats masks of Lion, Tiger, Panther, Tasmanian devil, and other vicious dead mammals known on Planet Earth. “Yesterday, you were lowly lower paid escorts for the female Apprentices. Tonight, consider yourselves part of the deadly competition.” He rudely finger points to his painted arm of baby blue. “These are your victories. These are your weapons.” He rudely finger points to his Monkey-mask then swiftly de-masks, commanding. “First Apprentice un-masked…kill!” Hoots violently erupt inside the Bull Pen.
[:\ Pig Pen. 6:04pm. Doboil slowly marches left to right, cupping his wrists behind his back muscles, encouraging bravely. “The prize is more important for you, your families…and your life. Remember that! Hico has adjusted the rules of Apprenticeship, very slightly. Only the last standing Dancer holding the bite-nats mask intact…gets the grand prize. Period.” He swiftly parks his upright body center stage, admiring his brave warriors masked honorably in Alligator, Snake, Coyote, Dinosaur, Scorpion, Lizard, and other swamp, or desert dead animals on Planet Earth. He recognizes the physically lack of height and weak state of strength compared to tough and tall North Riders but not their die-hard determination and will, singing. “Good luck, Swamplanders!” Hollers viciously ring inside the Pig Pen.
[:>  Art Gallery. 6:05pm. Vovina regally stands wearing her Mouse-mask with the dangling vertical curls of red hair, blood-red crimson shoulder-less gown, matching silk elbow gloves, Ruby red necklace, bracelet with a tight hair bun against her nap of her neck, lecturing. “Apprentices, each and every one of you look beautiful, tonight. Each and every one has performed excellently and your parents are very proud. I am proud. No one eliminator in our group of twenty. Of course, we have seen only two Apprentices and four escorts gone. This is the first time we’ve allowed guests, and families to view the Apprenticeship program along with the first time live-feed visual from these…(holds TV in air)…tiny new devices shaped like mini-TV sets.” She waves her free hand horizontally and grins with a toothy smile, encouraging her girls. “Do the best you can with your dance steps, you’ll not be graded on accurate dance movements but maintaining your lovely creation of the combined bite-nats gown and mask. I recall during practice last night that some of you were concentrating on other things…” She giggles with a girly tone, seeing the other distractions on center stage the hottie stud-muffins since she is a female with her female thoughts, too. “Hold that thought!” She grins with a silly smirk, reminding for the hundredth time. “This is a gentle reminder. If you cannot maintain your mask during the dance competition, you will not be standing at the end of competition.” She sweeps both hands down to her kneecaps, reminding. “You’ll be eliminated…permanently from Apprenticeship. Does each one of you, understand?” The masks that represent the Planet Earth animals of Cat, Dog, Horse, Cow, Lamb, Chick, and other mellow farm animals that are long dead from the third Nuke Wars bob their skulls in silence acceptance.
[:\  Power Room. 6:07 pm. Deer, Dove, Swan, Duck masks bob their skulls in silence acknowledgement as Starbe continues in alto oboe. “This night of competition is fierce, fiery, violent, swift…and deadly…if you do not maintain your mask. I…will repeat that again. Hold. Your. Thought! Think object: mask.” She carefully presses her golden sequined sleeveless slip dress to the floor with both sweaty hands, touching lightly her gold circular necklace and complimenting in her tawny and white Giraffe-mask, smiling devilishly. “You’ll note our theme color for the evening is Coral for the Grand Canyon Rockers. Your Swamplander escorts will be colored in white, a nice combination of elegant style. I believe that the South Beachers are girly red coupled with black-vested North Riders. Do you understand your.…foes?” The masks cheer gleefully in the air currents.
[:} Dance Hall. 7pm. “Bring out the dancers…,” Hico calls and horizontally wave his free hand for visual signal.
The spot lights wildly dance across the black and white granite as the loud rock and roll music song blasts while the audience happily sways, swings, stands, cheers, and claps. Fifteen Gowns elegantly flow from both archways as the fifteen Biceps manly strut off the center stage falling behind Gowns. The rock and roll tune suddenly stops then the trumpets toot and cymbals ting steady as the Gowns curtsey gracefully and Biceps bows respectfully.
Metro City Birmingham:
Elephant: Hico
Fox: Doboil
Mouse: Vovina
Monkey: Kodare
Giraffe: Starbe
North Ridge Mountain Riders:
Hawk: McCamy
Panther: Rusk
Tiger: Baycliff
Ape: Hixson
Lion
Tasmanian devil
Coyote
Wolf
Buffalo
Swampland Islanders:
Alligator
Snake
Dinosaur
Lizard
Shark
Rat
South Beach Bandits:
Dolphin: Jellico
Horse: Ocee
Lamb: Etta
Chick: Taffy
Kitten: Kiwi
Butterfly: Pemona
Zebra: Atoka
Peacock: Una
Swan
Penguin
Owl
Raccoon
Ostrich
Goldfish
Koala
Grand Canyon Rockers:
Dove
Deer
Duck
Dance Judges:
Bee
Wasp
Ant
Cricket
Moth
Tick
Hico screams, grinning with a toothy. “Stop!” He chin whips his face into his chest then slowly moseys to the edge of platform stage on the left side of the dance floor, cupping his wrists behind the small of his back muscles. Then he swiftly pivots and causally strolls back towards the center as he flips his face to the audience, commanding. “I have decided.” No one breathes.
Tiger/Baycliff protectively wraps his steel biceps around Chick/Taffy’s bare shoulders, whispering softly into her right eardrum. “Riders have painted twin flash blades on their forearms.” Taffy swiftly stiffs as Baycliff feels her tension then firmly reminds in her eardrum. “Hold your thought! Think object: mask.” Taffy quickly relaxes, leaning heavily into his chest then inhales and exhales, deeply while concentrating on his command.
“Apprenticeship should not be limited to one teen.” Hico grins with a toothy smile as the audience bobs their skull in silence then continues. “Apprenticeship should be earned by every teenager on the dance team representing their entire Colony.” He smirks with a wickedly grin as the audience happily cheers then he suggests. “Apprenticeship should reward both the teens and their Colony.” He grin with an evil smile as the audience madly hollers then he shouts. “Score board, please.”
Excited Hico rudely finger points at the north wall, while the four confused Superintendents and eager audience attendees view a large rectangular box brightening near the ceiling tiles. The box displays a set of four perfect boxes, labeling the Birmingham Colonies in bright red letters of South Beach, North Ridge, Swampland, and Grand Canyon.
The audience cheers wildly as Hico rudely finger points at new score board, explaining. “There…are your Colonies. South Beach, colony of farmers.” Boos sound nasty as he reprimands with a tight grin. “Let’s be good sports, here.” Cheers ring in place of boos as he names with a toothy smile. “North Ridge Mountain Riders.” Big boos ring nasty as he continues the next named Colony. “Swamplanders.” Cheers invade immediately as he names. “And Grand Canyon Rockers.” Big cheers echo wildly inside the Dance Hall.
Hico shouts. “Scores, please.” A panel of green lights display ‘00’ in each box under the Colony’s name as Hico continues. “Normally, one single winner receives one single prize.” Big cheers sound madly as he talks. “However, our new rules encompass many more then…the one single winner of the Honeysuckle Ball which would include their fellow teens and Colony of families. Do you agree?” Wild cheers echo loudly as he hums. “Hmm! I believe we should award prizes to both winning the team of teens and their entire Colony.” Extreme cheers ring wildly as he rudely finger points at the east wall, hollering. “Show the prizes for the teen winners and winning Colony.”
The musical organ-stacked vertical tubes shine in sparklingly rainbows colors of red, orange, green, blue, purple, yellow, silver and gold under the bright spot light along with the humming encore.
“Bite-nats. Bite-nats. Bite-nats. Bite-nats.” The live audience chants loudly in unison while standing and flinging body parts left and right with their neighbors.
“Bite-nats is the winner’s prize.” Hico concludes and grins with a toothy smile. “Scores, please.” The green lights display 1000 in each box as he educates. “You see the maximum points of 1000 for each Colony.” Applaud cheers wildly as he continues. “Wait…I have made a small error…” Audience nosily gasps oxygen as he offer. “There are an un-even number of teens on each Colony.” Boos sound immediately as he continues. “But…I have a solution.” Cheers replace boos as he instructs. “We can combine forces.” Cheers then boos then cheers then boos wildly as he suggests. “How about combining the Swamplanders with the Rockers?” Cheers shout loudly as he continues. “Excellent. That would leave the South Beach Colony paired with the North Ridge Mountain Riders.” Both boos and cheers erupt immediately as he continues. “Well, we are sorta in agreement.” Hico smiles with a fully grin.
He continues. “We have reached a solution. Adjust the score board, please.” The red score board combines the Swamplanders with the Rockers and the Beachers with the Riders for two distinct Colonies with 2000 points each. “New rule, the winner with the highest score wins. But, that’s doesn’t make any sense.” Laughter invades the dance floor as he states. “Hmm! If a competitor loses their mask, the score board will deducts 20 points which is 20 points for the Apprentice and 10 points for her dance partner thus reducing the negative numbers from the total score of 2000. Therefore, the Colony with the most points still displayed upon score board….wins…everything.” Cheers sound wildly.
Hico ends. “And…the paired winning Colony will receive a batch of bite-nats.” Applaud, cheers, and whistles continue as the spot light brightens on the two raised platforms lining the east wall of bite-nats tubes then Hico yells. “Start the music!” The violins bowing nicely into the lead of the Waltz as Apprentices and their dance partners accidentally stumble over their toes and other swaying bodies.
“Hi, my name’s Kiwi. I’ve danced with you but you’re wearing Hixson’s mask.” She introduces studying his face and body which is very similar to Hixson but not Hixson.
Zapata screws his yellow lips, funny in the Panther-mask of bite-nats, talking, flatly. “Hixson told you his name.” Kiwi bobs her Kitten-mask once for the verbal acknowledgement and smiles in a set of her pink lips at Hixson as Panther twirls Kitten as a dancing pair around the floor to the music.
She giggles with a girly tone, beautifully swirling and twirling light in Panther’s biceps in small circles, complimenting. “You’re fun, Panther. What’s your name?”
“Rusk.”
Cow/Brazoria flows in her tight sheath midnight Navy blue dress, stepping clumsy on Lion-mask’s toe bones as she roughly back steps her high heels into the body of Deer-mask. Deer pivots gracefully in a half-circle, shouting nasty evil words at Cow/Brazoria. She slightly smirks with curved red lips, left then painfully points her right bony elbow into Deer’s rib cage. Deer involuntarily bows at her waist from the impact and gags for breathe as her dance partner Snake-mask forcefully shoves the entire body of Brazoria slamming into Lion’s biceps as Snake roars with laughter then Lion accurately punches with a right hook into Snake’s grinning smile.
Snake loses his mental thought and physical mask of bite-nats then visually paints of red, blue, silver and brown bright colors as Lion minds the think object: flash blade. The twin silver flash blades swiftly appear onto both his meaty forearms as he double whacks a bloody x-pattern across Snake’s exposed vest and naked chest, then Snake quickly falls to the black and white granite clutching his bleeding chest hairs with naked finger bones.
Deer quickly vomits in puke green ugly from her Coral lips then loses her mental thought, painting in white, brown and black colors of her bite-nats mask as Brazoria bite-nats as the Cow-mask, minding the think object: flash blade while her secret flash blade materializes upon her left arm then she neatly slices the neck muscles of Deer as Deer nosily drops with two thumps to the dance floor while Cow/Brazoria grins with an evil smile.
Hico studiously watches the first attack then loudly shouts, flinging his hands in the air to the guards. “Panels up.” The clear transparent wall panels elegantly jump from the hidden floor compartments into the empty air, zipping up into the ceilings and blocks outraged bodies of the audience from assisting the Dancers and saving the Apprentices while viewing the deadly dance moves on the floor. The audience reacts with boos, screams, cheers, fights, and physically banging fists upon the hard panels and/or soft neighbors as Hico chuckles enjoying the entertaining show.
Cow/Brazoria attacks behind the back muscles of Dino mask by slicing the flash blade horizontally across his left bicep over back muscles ending at his right biceps then she assaults Dove with cuts on Dove’s arms, rib cage, and thighs. Lion follows behind cantering Cow/Brazoria, swinging Dino to face him then stabs his twin flash blades into the pumping heart of Dino then duplicates Cow’s hand maneuver on Dove for fun, grinning with a happy smirk as he rams the twin blades into her shoulder blades through her heart organ and gallops away as Dove falls to the fall for his next victim.
Duck brands the tiny flash blade in the air, cutting sweet-wise Owl across her painted colors of brown, orange, and white face smiling with victory as Cow/Brazoria stabs Duck into the heart organ. Giraffe slams her body into Cow’s back muscles with both her hands as Fox grabs the biceps of Lion then Lion whips his body into a bow as Fox rolls and lands on his back then Lion stabs Fox into the heart organ. Giraffe screams with crying as she runs a head-on collision with Lion while Lion slashes both flash blades across her white and brown face and gray eyeballs then Giraffe kneecaps to the dance floor falling onto her side.
Chick/Taffy gallops to the South Beach girls who represent the farm animals of Swan, Goldfish, and Raccoon, all un-masked, crying in panic, fear, and fright. She painfully kicks her left high heel into the back legs at Rat’s deadly taunt as he twirls the twin flash blades in the faces of the South Beachers. He falls from her, rolling in a ball then uprights his tallness, snarling at her when Chick/Taffy had shot her mouth spit upon his bite-nats mask, successfully. Since, any type of wet liquid or water consistence including a person’s mouth spit deactivates the bite-nats paint, exposing his face for a beating.
Rat wipes her spit from his half-exposed face, back stepping away from a smart Chick/Taffy then swiftly attacks a dancing Swan with his twin flash blades. Chick/Taffy doesn’t own her own killing weapon and can’t paint a bite-nats flash blade on her skin, deciding quickly how to save the South Beach girls.
Chick/Taffy swiftly grabs a light-weight chair, picking the metal aluminum frame and bangs against Rat’s skull. He uprights from a screaming Swan and advances towards her for the kill while waving both sets of sharp flash blades. He stumbles backwards and lands flat on his back then Horse slams a second metal chair into painted face, un-masking Rat. Horse viciously smashes the chair’s feet pad into Rat’s right eyeball, causing instant death then Horse stands over the body, howling loudly in victory.
Horse spread-eagles with two arms like a snow angel, without the snow, of course, flinging them outward, landing on his back muscles, after being attacked by a metal chair in his skull. He is pushed down to the floor by Cow/Brazoria onto a dead Rat. Then Cow/Brazoria stabs Horse’s spinal cord, tilting her baby blue flash blade in then up towards the ceiling into Horse’s right lung, hearing him gasp his last breathe of life before death over takes his Soul. Cow/Brazoria victoriously screams like a hawk then canters like a horse to her next victim.
Panther/Rusk chases Shark then body slams into the tall object, naming correctly at Bee-mask. “No dancer, snot-hole.”
Bee wittingly stings in tenor saxophone with yellow circles for eyeballs. “Looks like fun, cowboy.” Panther/Rusk neck snaps his skull to the east sidelines, understanding one of the many judges chosen by Director Hico and dangerously comprehends his situation then criss-crosses his twin blades at the Adam’s apple, seeing Bee mask and body roll separately around on the floor.
“ ‘X’ marks the spot. Beeee…more careful.” Panther/Rusk chuckles in a nasty timbre, races after Shark, leaping his body over dead green, brown, and yellow Duck and dead black, white and gray Moth, slamming into masked red Tasmanian devil. Panther/Rusk drops his mouth like a hunger shark and empties incompletely, “You’re…”
“Dead…,” the Tasmanian devil fills completely then mouth spits into Panther/Rusk’s face grinning with yellow devil fangs. “Don’t know you, pal…not one of me Riders. But…dead Panther…instead.” Panther/Rusk ducks to his left, avoiding the right blade, encounters Tasmanian’s left flash blade, cutting on Panther/Rusk’s collar bone. Then Panther/Rusk swirls to the right, chopping his twin blades at the kneecaps, downing Tasmanian devil.
“Devil made me do it.” Panther/Rusk snarls with a nasty tone then stabs the blade into Tasmanian devil’s throat while jerking the blade from the meat and strutting to the next victim.
Tiger/Baycliff gallops to Chick/Taffy then rudely finger points at the wall shelves, suggesting. “Bite-nats tube is our weapons.” Chick/Taffy bobs her skull in silence as Tiger/Baycliff whips the flash blade against her fabric quickly cutting the long formal dress at her kneecaps as both Tiger/Baycliff and Chick/Taffy mentally performs the think object: paint.
The twin flash blades forms as paint on Tiger/Baycliff’s forearms as he cups his hands, powerfully lifting Chick/Taffy onto the delicate tight raised platform then she tosses one leg onto the shelf, climbing and standing. Chick/Taffy uses the chair and whacks once, twice then thrice as one of the bite-nats purple tube breaks then she swims in the flowing bright paint. She draws a thick straight pin onto her anterior arm with her index finger, mentally performing the think object: flash blade, then paints a circle onto her front chest with thick purple, mentally performing the think object: body shield. A purple semi-round thick armor covers Chick/Taffy’s chest and back muscles similar to Tiger/Baycliff’s new design body suit as she jumps, T-rex into Tiger/Baycliff’s biceps, bobbing her skull in silence for the kill time.
Tiger/Baycliff gracefully twirls Chick/Taffy around his back muscles, holding his left forearm crooked at her right elbow, swirling them together around and around much like a smooth kitchen blender rotors as they kick their shoes and connect to other body parts then cut with flash blades at other body parts. They miss the bodies then kick again with shoes and connect to the body parts then slice flash blades producing blood, grunts, and kills with deadly force for survival of the Honeysuckle Ball.
Zebra paints a small circle for a protective shield around her chest then a thin straight pin for a blade on her anterior arm, dumping the purple paint onto the standing bodies of Koala and Swan, orders. “Koala, shield…think object: mask…protect…Swan.” Buffalo shreds Koala’s mask of gray, pink and brown face, rib cage, and legs to colorful ribbons then stabs into her into the heart organ with the right flash blade and the left gets white/red/black Swan, flipping around Zebra advancing to Kitten.
Kitten swiftly gallops around the dance floor, successfully avoiding the dangerous flash blades of the Riders, Swampers, and Rockers while remaining masked. She leans heavily against the wall, panting hardy with oxygen, witnessing the terrible killings, and holds her wet sobs, prevents de-masking.
“Kiwi.” Brazoria cries, advancing fast while masked as sweet looking Cow hiding a single flash blade secret along her meaty forearm after the North Ridge Rider shared his hot kiss and his cool secret. Kiwi tightly cuddles in a small fleshy ball against the corner wall for protection as Brazoria honestly lies and finger points at the hallway. “Kiwi, exit archway for safety. Tulu’s there.”
Kiwi smashes her eyelashes upright and happily reacts. “Tulu, she’s here.” Brazoria rudely fingers points at the far away door frame as Kiwi slowly crawls on fours…(palms and kneecaps)…from the wall shelf, standing upright and gathers her dress train of gray and red cotton then singles a solo step on her right sandal then painfully lands on her face without breaking her nose. Brazoria lifts Kiwi’s face from the floor, stabbing her heart organ as she roars with alto saxophone into the Kitten-mask. “I don’t like you.”
Panther/Rusk kicks with a right booted foot Cow/Brazoria in the face as she stumbles to the floor then swiftly belly crawls away from the Rider. Panther/Rusk pulls Kitten/Kiwi to his chest, wording softly, stroking her arm. “You’re…you…are going to be fine. I promise.”
Kitten/Kiwi whispers softly. “I miss Hixson.”
Panther/Rusk smoothly words into her frozen face that reflects an image of a tiny gray kitten. “He’ll be back. I promise…,” stroking her arm.
Hico yells, holding hands and arms in the air. “Cease.”
Tick-mask shoots the long barrel of the .12 gauge shotgun into the red score board as it parts from the wall then falls to the floor while alto and soprano voices loudly scream and foot dances quickly halt their shoe movement. Some injured teens nosily exhale their finally last breathes of oxygen.
Hico orders for a second round. “Cease. Stop the killings. Remove the audience from the bleachers, Ant. Dancers get down on the floor or sit in the chairs. What’s left of chairs? Cricket, get those folks from bleachers out of the Dance Hall, pronto.” Hico soldierly marches down the steps, stalls and bends at his waist observing the dead Deer then instructs “Tick, separate the bodies into their respective Colony then we can see who’s alive and who’s dead.”
Tick pulls both legs of dead white-vested Dinosaur to the sideline near the west wall then quickly trots on booted feet to the green-gowned Swan lifting and tossing her dead body into a new pile.
Tiger/Baycliff halts his swirling body as Chick/Taffy tugs her body to the right as they both stop then both mentally perform the think object: paint while they vanish set of flash blades. Tiger/Baycliff back spins his body into Chick/Taffy protectively wrapping a pair of steel biceps around purple and red gowned Taffy and grins with a toothy smile. He uprights the overturned and intact Queen Anne Dining Room chair from the dance floor, dusting the muck from the chair seat fabric, patting the cushion for Taffy to sit then he uprights a second chair, sitting quietly beside Chick/Taffy, expressing with relieve into her sweaty face. “It’s over, Taffy. We…sorta…win. We revealed their plans to the world.”
Chick/Taffy scans with her eyeballs the overall black and white granite dance floor, noting the collection of dead  and live bodies separated by the dominate paint represented by each Colony: red for the South Beach Bandits, white for the Swamplanders, black for North Ridge Mountain Riders and Coral for the Grand Canyon Rockers. Some bodies are displayed with bite-nats masks while some bodies possess only the human faces with paint. Some bodies wear the stylist fabric garments of vests and pants colored in the Colony theme while some bodies hold strangely intact the red gowns, white vests, black vests, and Coral gowns like the fabric is glued to their natural body parts.
Tiger/Baycliff masks in an orange and golden striking Tiger animal with a pair of emerald green ringlets for his eyes and a red mouth for show against his white fanged teeth then smiles goofy at her, encouraging softly. “We know Hico and the Superintendents are corrupt and murders. They murdered Amita.”
“We don’t have a body. We need to find her body. We need more proof to show the lawful authorities, Baycliff. I have the secret and collected paper notes that I stole from the locked and bolted archive wooden chests inside the basement under Dance Hall. But, without the proper inspection of Metro City Birmingham by the sheriff, we got nothing, Baycliff.” Chick/Taffy eye burns the teens, remarking in a soft sad tone. “Look at them, our Colonists and their Colonists…dead…for what purpose? I simply don’t understand any of this mess.” Chick/Taffy reminds with a seriously tone.
Tick flies into Hico’s face, whispering softly and rudely finger points at the tall stacks of dead teens piled like human columns against the west wall as Hico bobs his skull in silence acknowledgment then walks directly to Cow, complimenting her victory. “You’re quiet a fighter…Cow. You should’ve been painted a Bull on your face…(chuckles)…who are you?”
Cow mask names with toothy grin, tossing her hair and hands in the air. “Brazoria. I win all tubes of bite-nats since I’m the last one standing.”
Hico laughs with a hardy tone, complicating the situation. “You and a couple of other Apprentices.” He views the roaming stunned teens then returns eyeballs to Brazoria. “I’m assessing the living then…I will decide.”
Cow/Brazoria twirls the flash blade between her long slender finger pads into the air direct points at Hico’s nose bridge smiling with evil smile. “Pay me now!”
Hico laughs at the cocky little bite-nat then questions with a stern tone as he eye burns the floor for something. “Tell me, first…is Apprentice Tulu among the dead? You’re South Beach, correct?”
Cow/Brazoria mouth spits her salvia at his polished shoes exposing her human rose-tinted lips from the wet substance, sneering viciously and quickly scans the dead Dancers against the wall. “Not certain! But you might be interested to know I like to tell secrets.”
Hico grins with a deceptive smile, assuring positively. “I like to hear them, not for a price. We will chat, later…Brazoria. I’m still inspecting the dead.”
“Ya mean… the living.” Cow/Brazoria corrects properly with twisted lips, ugly.
Hico axioms…his way, laughing with a hardy and moves to the next upright dancer for more questions about the even. “Everyone’s dead, eventually.”
Tiger/Baycliff gently twists Chick/Taffy’s jaw with his finger pads towards his mask, blurting passionately into her pretty emerald pupils within the bite-nats mask. “I love you, Taffy.” Chick/Taffy studiously stares into his baby blue eyeballs as he sincerely confesses. “Taffy, I’m so grateful for your help, solving Amita’s mysterious disappearance. They did it. I know that we’ll find her body then prove it to everyone. You believed me and cared for Amita like I did. I didn’t want her to attend Apprenticeship last year. I talked and talked…forever. She didn’t want to listen to me. You heard and listened to my concerns and my issues. Thank you so much, Taffy. You’ve been a great comfort for me from the start…now the end.” He scans the dead and alive teens then continues. “The end has finalized. It’s over. We’re going back home to South Beach, Taffy. We…I’ll explain everything that has happened to me, you, and McCamy. Why we faked our deaths? Why we entered the Apprenticeship program? My Daddy will understand and explain and update the law authorities inside South Beach and outside of South Beach what Hico did and is doing…to teens.”
Chick/Taffy bobs her skull in silence then scans the dance floor as she returns eye balls back to Tiger/Baycliff, remarking. “That’s all and great, Baycliff…for later. Right now, stay in your bite-nat mask, okay?” Tiger/Baycliff bobs skull up and down in silence as Chick/Taffy commands softly inside his taunt biceps. “We escape, first…then report to McCamy, Hixson, Rusk….”
Tiger/Baycliff throws his golden jaw towards the Panther-mask diagonally from their upright chairs, updating with shock. “Rusk’s here with me dressed as Panther. He stayed to help protect ya, Taffy. I’m grateful for that, also. This is disaster. I was worried you might get harmed…or worse after you figured out their evil plans.”
“You asked Rusk to stay?” Chick/Taffy parts her lips widely then slams her black eyelashes upright wondering with surprise and mystery.
“Naw. He volunteered, galloping with me up to the Bull Pen, promised to protect you from hurt.” Tiger/Baycliff replays for her information, smiling and nodding at her with happiness.
“Did he tell McCamy?” Chick/Taffy questions with a serious tone in shock and surprise, staring at Rusk dressed in the black Panther-mask on the opposite side of the dance floor.
“You can’t tell that snot-hole… anything.” Tiger/Baycliff laughs with a hardy tone then storytells. “Naw, Rusk stood guard until they escaped through the hidden root cellar door you discovered with Tulu safely in tow, high tailed it to nearest stolen transport back home to South Beach. I would mark based on my time frame, they’re home, now. We’ll be there soon…use the back door…steal us a vehicle...”
“Stay put, Baycliff.” Chick/Taffy drapes in her cut and ripped red plantation dress covered in thick velveteen purple cape once used as armor shield over her tall body during the teen fight then scans the cautiously dance floor with the moving authority figures. Hico rudely finger points at the dead teens then to the upright and talking survivors of the second night’s dance competition as Chick/Taffy warmingly warns. “Don’t paint, Baycliff. Hico’s investigating this teen bloody affair. I fear this is not over…for us…not yet.” Baycliff bobs his Tiger mask slightly forward seeing Hico as Chick/Taffy confesses. “We probably are required to talk with Hico, first then we can leave Dodge City pronto. Stay calm! Remember our roles in the Honeysuckle Ball. I’m South Beach. You’re Rider.” Tiger/Baycliff bobs skull up and down once in silence as he track Hico speaking with each teen from the dance while Taffy neck snaps her skull to Panther/Rusk, concerning with great fear and fright. “Rusk, he has to stay masked. He’s still Panther. I see him. He’s over there against the wall. Stay here! I’ll ease over to him not wanting to look suspicious to Hico and his guards of insects in the ugly bite-nats masks.”
“No. I’ll do it.” Tiger/Baycliff quickly object, grabbing her arms as they huddle together like love birds.
Chick/Taffy neck snaps to her skull to Panther/Baycliff, snaps with commandingly authority. “No. Stay here! Watch my back! That’s the little thing called ‘Kiwi’ between Rusk’s arms. She must be hurt. Rusk is protecting her. She’s South Beach. I’m South Beach.” Chick/Taffy slowly waddles in her rippled formal gown towards Panther/Rusk diagonally from her chair then she drops to the floor, talking softly into his un-emotional black mask. “Rusk?”
“Hixson told her his name, promised to dance with Kitten…the rest of dance competition.” Panther/Rusk words softly, eye burning the pretty Kitten-mask as Taffy studiously stares at the same Kitten-mask.
The girl named Kiwi doesn’t like a dead teen, appearing much like a real-faced Persian kitten with a set of pointy hairy gray ears, long black whiskers, triangle black nose, and curled pink cat lips over and covering her real human skin. Her gown colors in a silver background with red flicks on her tummy, black stripes over her long cotton sleeved arms, high neck collar, and long skirt hiding her legs.
“Hixson’s home. Kiwi’s dead.” Chick/Taffy gingerly touches Kiwi’s long skirt with her index finger then neck snaps her skull to the pile of dead bodies that maintained the bite-nats ‘think object’ of created animal faces She mysteriously asks to Rusk. “Why’s she not painted? I mean she doesn’t display the bite-nats paint upon her skin, face, arms, or legs. She also still wears the complete Kitten-mask and bite-nats Kitten-gown.”
Panther/Rusk educates, talking between white fangs and black lips of the Panther-mask in his baritone trombone, staring directly at Kiwi. “Wave of death, it’s called. Folks retain the brain experiences of sights and sounds after brain death and that includes the so-called ‘mind thoughts.’ The whole bite-nats concept of ‘think object’ is the premise of the fantasy creation. That allows Kiwi to maintain both the think objects: gown and mask.” He eye burns the human death piles against the wall, updating. “Some folks do. Some folks don’t…paint which depends on the direct impact at death.”
“Understood. But…no blood, either?” Chick/Taffy dares not touch Kitten/Kiwi in Panther/Rusk’s hands, since he doesn’t seem to be his normal happy lucky go happy self after their participation in the bloody slaughter of teens as the world watched. She medically scans Kiwi’s hair roots to her toed high-heel sandals, not eye burning any displays of human red blood…anywhere, adding. “She looks like a cute tiny gray kitten in the face and a teen party girl wearing her dancing formal gown on a human body.”
Panther/Rusk holds Kitten/Kiwi’s red gloved hand in both his palms, studiously staring at the Kitten- mask, explaining in scientific terms. “First off! Gnats…g.n.a.t.s are tiny black flying insects, no bigger than the head of an old fashioned sewing straight pin. Don’t buzz or bite humans, just annoy, because the insects are drawn to the bright sunlight in glass windows, reflective mirrors and they love wet fungus and lots of moisture. Second thing, the bacteria are one-celled organisms with no known DNA strands. The gnats live in an enormous batch of numbers in almost every physically environment on the surface of Planet Earth, even found in the Dead Sea.” Panther/Rusk smart-holes, smiling dangerously with fanged white teeth inside the Panther- mask at Chick/Taffy, tattling. “Teen acne which is another form of bacteria that’s similar to the gnat one-celled organisms likes to party on the old timey mobile telephones for its pleasure which makes the bacteria confined to one central location…or one single spot on the human face…like a touch of bite-nats paint on your arm to create a flash blade.
“Back in history around the year 2046, the USA Government cooked a batch of one-single celled bacteria mutations in a lighted room, left it cooling in the heated pot before microscoping the specimen under the magnifying glass while the gnats…(chuckles)…the g.n.a.t.s visited, liked, and stayed…forever in its new bacterial home. The visiting gnats evolved at the cellular level into a new species of bacterial gnats, which were nicknamed ‘bite-nats.’ The Government tested its new creation and discovered when the bacterial gnats are painted upon the human skin, the bite-nats which don’t bite the human serve to protect the delicate skin coverings of humans and eventually, the bite-nats being a smart specimens learned to the mentally and intellectually interact with the human mind. The humans and bite-nats worked together to manipulate, form, and create the visual protective battle body gear used by fighting USA rebels in Nuke War III, which helped end the War…for our side.
“Researchers have analyzed and found that bite-nats regenerated at billion times cubed in one single nucleotide polymorphism within the bacterial strain….,” Panther/Rusk academically lectures in monotone while he eye burns dead masked Kitten/Kiwi.
“Your father was a genetic engineer for the old USA.” Chick/Taffy nods her chin, recalling some of the previous lives of some families living in South Beach before the Nuke War III as she ease-dropped along the wall listening to her Mama and Daddy.
Panther/Rusk sings in a flat baritone trombone. “Yeah, now, he’s sheriff of South Beach, surviving the War along with other scientists. He told me that the medical researchers had proved that the bacteria mutated into an almost non-existent rate which helps to decrease the risk of useless molecules or deforms any accidentally eating monster-of-death against the humans. The Government scientists also determined that bite-nats evolved into a clever mechanism to survive on their own and they can live….(chuckles)….perfectly  until washed away by water.” He presents a set of deadpan lisp, talking softly and eye burns her face. “So…Kiwi stays freeze dried Kitten…forever.”
“Rusk, come with me. Hico’s noseying around the dance floor. He might discover our plan, accidentally or purposefully.” Chick/Taffy soldierly stands, pulling on his steel bicep as she grunts like a wounded animal while Panther/Rusk doesn’t budge, tattling. “She’s dead. She’s gone. We’re alive. Get up, Rusk. You’re too big for me to haul over my girly shoulders.” Panther/Rusk allows Chick/Taffy to assist him upward from the floor as he releases Kitten’s gloved hand then he leans heavily into her collar bone with sad emotions of guilt about not saving her life. They nosily tromp to Tiger/Baycliff as he uprights a third chair for Panther/Rusk while they studiously stare and quietly sit at advancing Hico to their paused dance spot.
Hico yells and vertically waves a free hand in the air. “De-mask, everyone! We have much to discuss about tomorrow’s night dance competition.” Hico leads as masks of covered teens looks like a set of abandoned Earth animals consisting of Cow, Lion, Wolf, Alligator, and others who follow closely behind Hico while the Dancers de-mask, limping around the set-up of chairs and stools around Director Hico. Hico suddenly stops in front of Taffy and eye burns her Chick-mask, ordering. “That commands includes all…dancers.”
Chick/Taffy swiftly stands as her purple cape and red dress elegantly swirls around her long legs and high-heeled red sandals, demanding in fluting toot to Hico. “We’re done here. We don’t want the prize, those sticky ugly bite-nats. We don’t want to dance, either. We’re going home.”
Hico orders, grinning with a toothy smile. “Home would be South Beach for the red-gowned girl. But, your dance companions might voice a different command. Tiger, de-mask…tell her what you want to do?”
Tiger/Baycliff comfortably poses inside his King Louie’s high-back beige padded chair, talking calmly to Hico. “Finished, here, too. Going back home.”
Lion steps on his dance shoes forward from the chair and completely de-masks wearing the black sleeveless and shirtless vest, revealing his ghost-pale healthy skin without any flash blade wounds then rudely finger points at Tiger/Baycliff, demanding in baritone trombone. “Not North Ridge, scout! I know every guy on this dance team but…I do not know you, slick. Your mountain range?”
Tiger/Baycliff comfortably sits inside kingly chair and brilliantly calculates. “Tennessee Smokies top Chattanooga Lookout.” The high-wide mountain plateau in Tennessee locates on the Chattanooga Lookout territory with the homed survivors of Nuke War I, II, and III which surrounds by a set of perpendicular green shady mountain peaks for hiding, hunting, and haunting non-welcomed visitors from another Colony within Metro City Birmingham and beyond which Baycliff has heard from his older residents of South Beach.
“Towards Ruby Falls?” Lion tests against Tiger/Panther with a smirked grin.
“From?” Tiger/Baycliff dangerously smiles with a set of white fangs then continues deadly. “Pine smelling green foliage and lovely wildflowers tickle my bee_hind rappelling to the bottom of mountain for the world’s steepest mountain incline. Point Park gazes over the nuke blasted highways, railways, and your Mama’s grave…,” pauses for drama then finishes, “And’s…let’s note that the thundering 145-foot underground sparkling waterfall and associated crystal-lined caverns ain’t awesome since blast of 2079.”
“Well, Lion?” Hico tests against Lion with a smirked grin upon his face.
Lion confirms while screwing his eyebrows, ugly in baritone trombone. “He guesses right. Point Park sits aways from the Ruby Falls waterfall with the only exclusive entrance used in transport service being the defunct Incline Railway only by rope as well. The Lookout Mountain’s sandstone cap runs from Point Park along the mountain ridge top then drops 1000 feet straight down into solid limestone towards the valley of stone. Residents enjoy the favored view and varied food.”
Hico neck snaps his skull to the black masked Rider. “Panther?”
Tiger/Baycliff’s IQ speeds using his brilliant mind at the question from Hico. “Brothers. Ya blind or what…snot-nose?” Panther/Rusk regally poses like a prince inside the matching padded King Louie’s high-back chair that colors in gold and beige with his biceps parked on the long arm rests, allowing the Tiger to rule the kingdom. Lion nods his jaw in silence acceptance at Director Hico.
Hico smiles with a toothy grin then neck snaps his skull sideways to the suspicious standing Dancers, instructing. “Park it, Apprentices. Grab chairs or the floor tiles.” He stands then starts to pace back and forth in front of the teen huddle, complimenting. “Each one of you have done very well, Apprentices. You have survived…(views the dead teens)….they have not. Your rewards awaits with the many tubes of bite-nats as your prizes to the winning Colony.” Teen cheers immediately as Una swiftly stands ready to leave the nasty dance competition as Hico neck snaps his skull to her, viciously ordering. “Sit!” Una obeys quickly as he shouts to one of his guarded insect-masks. “Screens on!”
The rectangular box brightens to life showing a equally split and divided monitor upon the TV screen with the total math numbers spinning up at 123,259,584 and calculating beyond as Hico educates the teens. “About 2,000 years ago, 231 million people walked upon Planet Earth. Around 2000 A.D. there were 6 billion Earthlings who inhabited our fair planet. Now, in 2083, after three Nuclear Wars and a 30% survival rate, there seems to exist based on rough figures only about 302,000,000 million more or less of us….folks living on Planet Earth. These include…your friends. Your families. Your admirers. Your fans. Your customers. You…are the commodity they want, need, and…desire….(finger points at the TV)…these spinning numbers are your customers demanding those tubes of bite-nats that line the wall. Your customers live in your Colony, need the bite-nats for your Colony, demand that you finish your competition.”
Chick/Taffy stands up from the chair then forwards a step in her ripped red plantation silk ball gown, confessing. “I need not. I desire not. I do not bow down to anyone especially 300 million lunatics…”
Hico neck snaps his skull to Cow-mask then lures her into Chick/Taffy’s conversation. “Brazoria, should Chick stay, and help her Colony acquire the desirable bite-nats tubes?”
Una swiftly stands, moving forward from her chair towards Chick/Taffy, announcing. “I’m leaving with…her. Honestly, I’ve never heard of this product before this…dance…thing.”
Lion questions with a nasty tone, and rudely finger points at Tiger then Panther then back to Chick. “Why do Riders hang with her…Chick? 
Cow/Brazoria demands with a nasty alto, stepping from her chair and towards Taffy. “Who are you, sister? De-mask, girly.”
“I find this affair….too much for my delicate….(views the dead teens)…stomach.” Chick/Taffy abruptly ends the discussion thread between Lion, Brazoria, and Hico.
Hico nods his skull once then grins with a toothy smile, explaining. “For clearly marking you absent, Chick…please de-mask. Vovina can remove your name from our list then you may proceed to exit my Apprenticeship program and return home to…South Beach.”
Taffy regally stands without obeying Hico’s commands when cold water soars like cold ocean waves from the buckets in the hands of Hico’s guards painted in insect bite-nats masks, drowning Chick, Tiger, and Panther bodies as their bite-nats mask melts into colors of exposed natural skin. Taffy safely drops her body into the Queen Anna’s chair, rubbing her wet eye sockets, exposing her body gear of white top and panties along with nicely tanned skin.
The paint colors nothing on Tiger and Panther’s human face as Baycliff and Rusk fling the cold water from their blonde cropped hair in the air waves, landing the wet liquid onto their chair, their cloth vests, the floor and their neighbor Taffy. They rub their eye sockets from blindness, striping the exceed wetness from their steel biceps, snarling and sneering in deep sexy baritone trombone like a pair of wounded wolf pups at Hico while beautifully presenting bronze sun-tanned mugs to Director Hico.
Baycliff stands and rips off his shirtless black satin vest from his muscled chest handing off the fabric to cover Taffy’s exposed wet shivering tanned skin.
Lion jabs an index finger at Baycliff then Rusk. “Give ya good, slick. Ya’ll be brothers but not my kin, or my Riders’ kin.” Lion laughs with a hardy tone then mentally performs the think object: flash blades as the twin silver weapons appear at his wrists, flipping his finger pads, direct pointing at each South Beach teen while snorting lightly.
Cow/Brazoria slams Lion’s flash blades down to the floor then rudely finger points at Baycliff, first then Taffy and finally at Rusk, tattling to the teens and Hico. “You? She? He? They’re dead.”
“Right, my little blue bell.” Lion sneers and marches with heavy boots towards the teens.
Cow/Brazoria rudely finger points at each teen, gossiping the rumors. “They died…two or three days ago after falling inside a burning fire fusion which is common along the unique limestone etched Birmingham Cliffs in South Beach…(points at him)…his…name is Baycliff. He’s named after the cliffs near the fresh-water bay of his Daddy’s farm where Baycliff shoved them to their deaths then escaped.” Cow/Brazoria eye burns the floor then returns back her eyeballs to the wet girl, remembering. “Taffy and Baycliff…McCamy, their real proper names from their Mama and Daddy’s but they faked their deaths on the cliffs.” She looks at Hico, asking. “Why?”
“Why, indeed? We have uncovered imposters…or spies invading the Apprenticeship program which we will deal with a little later in our discussion. Now…the business at hand, see the numbers on the TV screen keeps increasing towards the final number of 300 million. Volume, please, Ant.” Hico waves his free hand to Ant as the guard obeys.
The TV speaker chants with visible bodies jumping and hollering in unison. “Bite-nats. Bite-nats.”
Hico orders to Ant. “Transmitter, please.” Squeaks and squawks from the ancient metal equipment as he talks loudly. “Attention, attention, Colonies. This is your leader, Director Hico speaking. Competition has completed for the day.” Boos sound immediately as he instructs. “Tomorrow will be another riveting delight for your selfish pleasures.” Cheers invade the room wildly as he talks. “I have the results of the dance competition.” Applaud rings immediately from the speakers as Hico announces. “Swampland and Grand Canyon paired together with the total deducts of 700 points from 2000, leaving 1,300 points for the bite-nats prize.” Boos echo wildly as he names. “South Beach Bandits…”
“Kill Bandits! Kill Bandits.” The TV speaker chants with visible bodies clapping and cheering in loud tones.
Hico numbers, “…and North Ridge Riders paired together for the dance competition. They are deducted a total of 600 points from 2,000, which totals 1,400 left on the score board.” Cheers and boos invade the room as he talks with a loud timbre. “I have a problem.” Silent follows immediately as he continues. “The Grand Canyon Rockers are gone.” Awes erupt immediately as he names. “The Swamplanders have two teenage representatives left for the rest of the dance competition.” Cheers echo loudly over the TV speaker as Hico continues. “The North Ridge Riders are strong with six surviving teens.” Cheers ring wildly as he names. “And South Beach Bandits…”
“Kill Bandits! Kill Bandits!” The TV speaker chants with visible bodies that clap and cheer loudly.
Hico continues, “….thrives in the dance competition with eight healthy teens.” Boos, and hisses bombard the room as he announces. “I have a solution.” Cheers rings loudly as he continues. “Swampland and North Ridge will pair together against the other surviving colony of South Beach to complete the dance competition.” Wild cheers echo loudly as he states. “Thank you for your vocal acceptance of my solution. Please cut transmitters, Ant.” Hico amuses with a toothy smile as he looks at Taffy, informing. “You do not seem to be popular, South Beach. However, you are leading the dance competition and with eight teens you have the best chance of winning the bite-nats prize for…”
Brazoria bites stingingly as she finger points at Taffy. “Phony. Imposters. I will not compete with them Beachers. They are traitors, and are wanted by the law in the colony of South Beach. Each one will stab me behind my back. I want to help the Riders.” Etta and Pemona cheerleads loudly besides Brazoria.
Hico smirks with curiosity then innocently inquires to the remaining South Beach girls. “How interesting? Una? Jellico? Atoka? What is your personal observation of this dance matter?”
Brazoria translates then laughs with an evil tone. “ ‘Una’ means ‘one’. You…the one...leaving.” She bobs her skull up and down for Una to accept her wise advice.
Una shuffles her painted body next to Taffy, jabbing her naked index finger at Director Hico, promising with a threatening words. “I…am leaving this mad house. You are nothing but a bunch of mentally sick dogs. When I return back home to South Beach, I am snitching to the local law authorities and I’ll live to see that everyone one of you are jailed, sentenced, and dead for all these innocent and useless murders of teenagers….”
“Well, we can’t have imposters or snatches in the dance competition.” Hico claps his hands for attention, turning his skull to Una, stating. “Very well! Taffy and Una, please come with me.” Hico orders as he twists his body towards the exiting door way leading into the empty hallway.
Baycliff swiftly stands along with Rusk while Rusk rips off his black vest covering the fabric over semi-naked Una with his black vest then Hico orders and finger points at the boys. “You stay, cowboys! Your turn’s coming…up for your testimonies. Let me get the declining girls cleared off my books, vocal statements for the Metro City Birmingham historical records, you do understand.” Hico smirks with slight grin then commands. “Kodare, Vovina discuss with our young warriors the plots for tomorrow’s dance competition.”
Hico waves a single hand for the female teens forward as they follow behind him while he softly whispers in the faces of Ant and Wasp then he instructs marching out the door way to Una and Taffy. “Turn left at the wall corner, we testimony your vocal statements inside the Powder Room which belongs to the formal Superintendent Starbe. Such a shame she became sandwiched between a couple of Riders and their deadly flash blades. I will miss her. She’s with Doboil. They were married on Earth. Now, they are married in Heavenly blest with their Maker.” Hico walks and grunts with an animal sound then orders with Una and Taffy following behind by two paces. “Take left, here.” He suddenly stops and poses at the open archway, ordering. “Miss Taffy, please sit at any chop block inside the Power Room. Miss Una, please accompany me to another part of the hallway. Vocal statements must be independent, you see.” Una eye burns Taffy for guidance as Taffy bobs her chin with one nod in silence acceptance of the testimony required by Hico.
[:o  Power Room. Taffy gingerly touches the square wooden Oak chop block, sitting quietly on the high-back padded chair of pink and red Roses, scanning the still and empty room. The rectangular-shaped room with a raised center stage of Oak wood, bare beige-fading wall with floor water grids, a rear wall of many water hose sets for watering off the bite-nats paint from humans along with the beige fluttering floor length thick cotton curtains blowing in the breeze way in the room. Taffy keenly interests in moving drapes but quietly sits and deeply worries about the lives of Baycliff and Rusk inside the Dance Hall with desiring to leave creepy Metro City Birmingham and madman Dictator Hico.
Hico enters the open archway, smiling like a politician holding the old fashioned ink pen and paper notepad while he pulls out the chair parallel to Taffy, and shuffles the closed canisters of bite-nats paint to side of the table then gingerly places the pen and notepad on the edge of chop block.
Tiny squeaks softly buzz then deep scratches echo quickly behind the fluttering curtains on the west side of the Powder Room as Taffy neck snaps her skull to the curtains. “Mice.” Hico cleverly covers the sound as a second set of deep scratches ring in the air waves then he chuckles, scribbling upon the notepad. “Big mice.”
Hico sees Tick at the door archway, viewing the visual signal of Tick’s index finger cutting across his Adam’s apple then Hico begins in tenor saxophone, staring at her. “Miss Taffy, if you don’t mind, I have some live footage of previous Apprentices that I…would like for you to hear. Is this acceptable?” Taffy bobs her skull up and down in silence as he continues. “I realize it’s getting late in the evening after our dance competition. You have a very long journey to back home to South Beach. This live footage will take…about…ten seconds of your precious time. Is that alright?” Taffy nods her jaw for a second time in silence as he compliments. “Very good! I must express to you, Miss Taffy that this is the first time in program that any entering or exiting Apprentice has reviewed the live testimonies. I’m quite pleased that you have accepted my invitation. Curtains, please, Tick.”
Taffy neck snaps her skull and eye burns to the fluttering beige curtains as the guard named Tick for his insect mask gently grabs the metal tab, pulling left to right and reveals eight people.
The people stand on knee-high stools in their tippy toes of bare feet for height with a set of double-tied white rope collared around their neck muscles and black cloth blindfolds over their eye sockets for blindness, a blue cloth gag inside their mouths for silence. They are tied by their cupped wrists behind their back muscles duplicating tied ropes around their ankles.
The first individual in the horizontal line-up on the knee-high wooden stool is Una, wearing Rusk’s black vest around her petite body with the red, blue, and green splattered paint on her body garments. She tippy toes upon a knee-high stool which slightly alleviates the taunt roped hangman’s noose around her short throat. The rest of the horizontal row displays tied and gagged Mama, Daddy, big sister, brother-in-law, little sister, and two tiny nieces of Una’s immediately family members as Taffy nosily gasps for air molecules. She stumbles her weak body from the padded chair. She kneecaps her folded body upon the cold floor, sobbing lightly as she chin whips her face into her chest, closing her eyelashes, not being able to watch the make-shift galley of eight neck hangings before her blurry eyeballs.
Hico visual signals to Tick with his index finger, cutting horizontally across his Adam’s apple as Tick forcefully pushes each wooden stool from a pair of bare feet, hearing the subtle snap of neck bones from each person, then the soft grunts of suffering, then gasps of last final breathes before each Soul ascends into Heaven.
Hico and Tick watches the eight bodies sway slowly from their individual rope neckties then Tick soldierly marches to the right metal tab of curtains, drawing a thick black drape from right to left, disappearing totally from Hico’s eyeballs.
Hico kneels upon one kneecap on the floor, talking calmly over her skull. “Miss Taffy, if you’re impressed with the live testimonies because I was very much…as well. I have another set of live footage for your viewing pleasure. Please stand!” Hico gentlemanly assists Taffy gently grabbing her elbow as she weakly stands on shaking kneecaps, flowing hot wet tears down both cheekbones, and dragging her body behind Hico.
Hico nosily stomps upon the wooden floor in dress shoes to the center stage, and secretively pressing the single button the rudely finger points at lighted room, grinning with a toothy smile. He regally poses his upright body before the sealed and enclosed glass window and waves his right hand at crying Tulu then angry McCamy then finger-bullying Hixson and her hand-ringing Mama along with her frowning Daddy.
Taffy grabs her throat with finger pads and nosily gasps, tumbling two footsteps toward the sealed glass wall then falls to her kneecaps, shouting an ear-piercingly noise at Hico. “Noooo,” she weakly lands on fours…(palms and kneecaps)…eye burning the wooden floor then mustards superhuman strength, jumps, T-rex into the air, sneering a ugly warning and violently lunges at Hico with her wiggling finger pads for the immediate kill.
Tick quickly yanks a handful of bobbed light brown hair, painfully jerking Taffy backwards while suddenly stopping her fisted attack as Hico grins with a stupid smirk. Tick swiftly shuffles Taffy’s hands, gathering her wrists behind her back muscles as Taffy defensively kicks a bare foot heel like an old farm mule at his kneecap then Tick sways his body to the left, tumbling his body towards the floor.
Taffy soldierly pivots around to Tick then yanks Tick’s forearm upward and flips his heavy male back onto his back muscles then stomps his face with her bare foot as Wasp tackles sideways at Taffy’s waist as they both land hard on wooden floor. Taffy pants with heavy breathes when Wasp swiftly grabs her arms folding roughly at her elbows and violently tightens his hold then they stand with assistance from cursing Tick. Taffy yells with angry yanking and jerking her body in small two-steps from Wasp, unsuccessfully.
Taffy grunts like a wounded animal, inhaling then exhaling, rapidly as Hico bad breathes into her face, smiling with silly grin. “You will volunteer. You will participate. You will be leader. You will lead your hand picked team.”
Taffy eye burns the floor then returns back her eyeballs to Hico while parting her lips, widely then closes her eyelashes nodding in acceptance. “You will win.”
“That’s the spirit!” Hico encourages, smiling with a goofy grin.
“I will win…then I will kill you.” Taffy growls in a bass clarinet tone of death.
“You will carry the team without both cowboys.” Hico orders, grinning in a toothy smile.
“You said South Beach stays and plays together.” Taffy debates logically.
Hico holds an index finger in the air for clarification. “Pick one cowboy, Baycliff or Rusk? You cannot have both. You…three are too good. I recommend the twin. When you win, you…all can go back home to South Beach and live happily ever after.” He bargains with her.
“I won’t harm Baycliff.” Taffy declares.
“You will not grunt one vowel of Una’s untimely death or Tulu’s temporary imprisonment, Taffy. Use those Southern Belle skills, demure and charm to get your man, smooth the fight, and win the prize.” Hico chuckles then orders to Wasp. “Release her! We will walk slow, clear your thoughts, and wipe your face, Taffy.”
Taffy rubs her palms over her sweaty face, clearing the wet tears and dirty grime, scratching the hair roots, shuffling her right foot, left foot then right foot while mentally concluding that this is her fault. She has gotten everyone captured…and maybe killed including her loving Mama and Daddy. But, Taffy will use all her Southern belle’s traits consisting of smarts, strength, bravery, and courage for permanently escaping from madman Hico and creepy Metro City Birmingham. However, Taffy’s single successfully escape plan heart-breakingly includes…only one cowboy.
Baycliff is smart, resourceful, tough, and calls McCamy the “snot-hole”. Baycliff is the original snot-hole, jack-hole, and smart-hole rounded into one powerful arrogant personality. The pond flamingos died by Baycliff’s rifle shots when one pink elegant water foul bit his horse into running back home to the bay nears the cliffs.
Then Baycliff un-mercifully killed them all however Hixson thrillingly enjoys taking credit for the fairy tale. While in reality, Rusk buried the dead birds, taking home the surviving baby chicks for his fresh-water pond.
Rusk is funny, bright, tender, and being second after his smart-hole big brother which evens out the twin model as the “good one.”
Taffy realizes logic picks Rusk over Baycliff, noting his devotion to his twin, their families, and her.
Taffy understands love picks Baycliff as she watches his messed-up sick-puppy routine turn into the concerned and cared boyfriend then matures into the compassionate and conquering warrior, loving his sweet whispers, gently warm caresses, tight Teddy bear hugs….and loves him, too.
[:o  Dance Hall. Taffy weakly stumbles her naked toes behind Hico’s back muscles, entering through the archway, feeling every set of eyeballs upon her body. She loudly vocals with a tight throat for all eardrums to hear. “I’m participating.”
Taffy tumbles into the open arms of Baycliff, hugging closetly his naked muscles which heats her lustful passions and endless fears, wearing protectively his steel biceps like a set of thick armor around her shivering body as she gently lays her skull upon his strong shoulder, sobbing lightly and decides something…awful.
Hico parks his body between standing Kodare and sitting Vovina, and rotate his neck muscles around the huddled teens, declaring. “The North Ridge Heroes versus the South Beach Bandits.” Cheers from the teens invade the quiet room as he continues. “Since…the colonists don’t seem to care for imposters, snatches, or murderers….” Hico grin with a toothy smile as sniggers erupts among the teens then he calls. “Leader of the South Beach Bandits present yourself for colorful decoration.” Boos erupt from the teens as the TV screens display throngs of eyeballs, viewing the new team selection process while their vocals opines against the Dance Hall walls.
Taffy swallows the thick bile from her throat, recognizing the vocal signal from Hico as she pulls her body gently away from her protector as Baycliff quickly enforces his steel biceps around her swaying body and whispers into her right eardrum. “Taffy!?” Taffy powerfully jerks from her happy cocoon, back stepping and eye burns stunned Baycliff then smirks with a crooked lips, left and gracefully pirouettes, walking towards Hico and standing besides him then swings around to face the teens.
“I lead the bandits.” Taffy wildly announces as the TV speaker vocals with booing noises.
Brazoria finger points at Taffy and announces her fight agenda. “I ain’t following her. You said she’s going back home. I want to be the leader of South Beach. I’m the real Bandit.” Boos ring from the TV screens along with jumping visual bodies of angry and hate towards the South Beachers.
“Pick your team, Bandit Leader.” Hico orders as more boos and hisses wildly echo from the TV screen.
“Where’s Una?” Rusk demands, screwing his eyebrows, ugly and eye burns the empty hallway sitting in the chair.
Taffy surrenders to Hico’s blackmail. “She’s home, now. No more participation in the dance.”
Taffy hold backs the tears of fright and hate while she studiously stares at the remaining teens, and quickly evaluates the warriors. Forget Brazoria, she’ll stab Taffy directly in the heart with a pair of twin pink colored flash blades. By-pass Etta, she snarls so lovingly at Taffy that her bite-nats orange lipstick pose might stick, permanently. Check off Pemona, she rapidly shifts her narrowed eyelashes to Brazoria then down to the granite then returns them back to Brazoria, following her nasty leader. Don’t bother with any four remaining North Ridge Riders or the two surviving Swamplanders for any and all obvious life and death reasons.
Taffy faces sweet plump baby-face Jellico as Jellico bounces her tippy toes: gotta pee or join the team. She is a lousy warrior with nervous energy but a dedicated South Beach girl as Taffy views brash Atoka. Atoka has a high IQ, thinking quickly both in her mind and on her sandaled feet along with being a second dedicated South Beach girl then Taffy eye burns devoted friend Rusk then lovey-dovey friend Baycliff.
“Jellico.” Taffy swiftly names as Jellico mice-squeaks then bounces on her toes, launching like a rocket beside Taffy, hugging Taffy at her waistline Jellico shorts at five feet and one-inch compared to Taffy’s five feet and nine-inches of height as the TV screen boos with noise.
Brazoria bravely announces with her teen selection. “I’m the Hero, here. I take…” Cheers invade the room from the TV monitor.
“Finish your selection process, Bandit Leader.” Hico orders as boos sounds from the TV speaker then Hico commands his guard. “Volume decreased, please, Ant. Taffy will choose from all teens her warriors…first.”
“But, she gets the good picks. I get the leftovers.” Brazoria whines in a baby tone soprano and stomps her high-heeled sandals.
“I’m not a leftover pot roast, Brazoria.” Etta sternly objects, sneering nasty at Brazoria.
Brazoria neck snaps her skull and bites stingingly at Etta, addressing half of her team mates. “Not you, twat! Do not side with those Bandits! Spit your refusal. This here’s still a free country. Hear me! I’m leader. I’m hero.”
“Bandit Leader?” Hico names.
“Atoka.” Taffy swiftly names as Atoka marches steady, and regally stands beside Jellico while Jellico bounces on her toes, hugging loosely Atoka’s shoulders, grinning with delight for all the named Bandits.
Brazoria comments out of turn. “Obviously, the next picks are those.…(finger points at Baycliff and Rusk)…cowboys. So, that makes one, two…five Bandits. We win. We got seven teens to kick their bee_hinds off Earth and out the Milky Way.” She laughs with hardy tone, twirling her body in completed circle with victory then raises her for celebration as teens slap hands, fists, and elbows at each other while they laugh, chuckle, and snigger at Taffy and her Bandits.
Wolf-mask voices in sexy baritone trombone of six feet and two inches with ghostly pale skin coupled with steel muscles along arms and legs, wearing the black vest and pants, and manly struts from Brazoria towards Taffy, wildly announcing. “I defect.”
Brazoria nosily stomps her sandals one at a time and swings her body at Lion, demanding. “Where are you going…there? What he’s doing, Lion? Stop him? What’s his name?”
“Call me Wolf, lovely lady.” Wolf respectfully bows at his waist then uprights tall and proudly stands beside Taffy as he grins with a toothy smile at angry Brazoria.
“You’re dead.” Brazoria surly promises and rudely finger points at Wolf, sneering and snarling viciously like a wounded animal.
“My very last words to you…honey.” Wolf rumbles in deep baritone trombone, laughing with a hardy tone then mouths spits his salvia onto the floor.
“Finish this, Bandit Leader? We got ‘bandit killing’ planning to do!” Brazoria annoys as she parks folded fists upon her curvy hips, staring at Taffy then Hico.
“Rusk.” Taffy swiftly names as Rusk grins with a toothy smile, trotting lividly and scooting between Wolf and Taffy then snarls lightly at Wolf-mask as Taffy names. “Bat.” She has picked, verified, and confirmed her executive decision by rudely finger pointing at the unfamiliar North Ridge Rider that decorates in the cold mammal composed of the black and yellow Bat-mask.
Brazoria folds naked arms across her silk gown, stomping her sandals and yells while finger pointing at Taffy. “You can’t steal him. Hico, do something? She’s breaks all the rules. She has my Hero. Make her take that cowboy? Do something, Hico?”
“What’s going on her, Taffy?” Baycliff paces a bare foot forward from the chair then suddenly stops moving and eye burns her then swings his skull at the Riders lined beside Brazoria then returns his eyeballs back to Taffy, hollering with great disappointment. “I’m not North Ridge Rider, Taffy. I belong with you…with you and the other Bandits.”
Brazoria finger points at Bat, ordering sternly. “You…there. Bat, is it? Come back, here.” She finger points at Baycliff, instructing loudly. “You, cowboy, go over there…with her, Taffy girl.” Bat shakes his skull side to side then crinkles his bat nose and wiggles his bat ears, sideways mask as teen laughter echoes inside the dance floor.
“I have decided. Bat stays with the South Beach Bandits.” Hico determines with a sly grin, crossing his sleeves over his dress jacket.
“Noo!” Brazoria bites back with a loud tone, holding her folded fists at her kneecaps, and banging them against her bones.
Baycliff eye burns the floor then chin whips his face to Taffy, shaking his blonde skull side to side vocalizing tightly. “You…you just signed my death warrant. Please…tell me why, Taffy. I told you…you….”
Hico commands with a wicked smile. “Baycliff…is the leader of the North Ridge Mountain Heroes.”
Brazoria stomps each high heel, yelling prettily at Hico. “Not right! Ya heard him say he’s not from the North Ridge Mountains….”
Hico roughly reminds, staring at her. “And… neither are you, Brazoria. Teams are set. Date is tomorrow. Competition ends when every member of dance team is dead and smelly.”
Baycliff twists his body then soldierly marches and stands beside a fuming Brazoria, finger pointing at Taffy, challenging with a deadly tone. “Fine, Taffy and Company as the newly designated leader of the North Ridge Heroes, we accept the challenge and look forward to seeing your body parts and smelling your chopped up cadavers at our booted feet.” Cheers ring loudly from the Riders except from snarling Brazoria.
[:)  Art Gallery. 9pm. Taffy leads the band of South Beach Bandits, marching her body upon the center stage platform into the Art Gallery room then finger points at one of the chop blocks, ordering. “Share all your knowledge of bite-nats. We need…” She breathes with a heavy breathe and a heavy heart. “…hopefully a winning strategy for tomorrow’s competition with the Riders.”
“I just thunk the animal.” Wolf talks in a flat monotone, slumping his tall body into a chop block chair then flips the tops of several bite-nats paint, examining the pretty glittering colors.
Rusk stands inside the archway, parking his folded fists at his waist, asking boldly. “Why didn’t you pick Baycliff, Taffy? He’s our…he’s our old friend from South Beach, and school, and the farm? ”
“Based on that boy’s last words, I change that to un-friend…now.” Bat comments, refreshing quickly his naked skin with the midnight black paint as he readies for anything in this weird and scary dance competition.
Jellico sits ladylike in her padded chair and talks softly, washing the red, white, and green paint from her arms and legs with the small bucket of cold water. “My experience is making my dress for the dance competition which is over. I want to go home. Is your name really Taffy like Taffy pudding, the dessert?”
Taffy retorts as Rusk struts from the archway towards one of the chop blocks near her on the center stage platform. “Does Baycliff know about the bite-nats paint?”
“Naw.” Rusk puffs musically then subject changes and asks directly to Taffy. “Why’da ya let Baycliff go with the others teens, Taffy? He’s not a Rider, Taffy.”
“Good decision to leave that cowboy out.” Wolf greatly compliments and chuckles with hardy tone.
“Do ya think he still breathes? Lion ain’t a forgiving ‘Jungle King’.” Bat truthfully adds then chuckles along with Wolf for a second round.
Taffy yells as she stares at Wolf then Lion. “Enough! The discussion thread is…bite-nats. We can paint body armor over our skin for protection.” She outlines and paints a circle in color of green on her chest then mentally performs the think object: shield. The bite-nats “shield” brightly glows in emerald stones then she adds. “We paint flash blades inside our arms.” She outlines and paints vertical red straight pins inside both her anterior arms then mentally performs the think object: blades as Taffy flips forward into the cusp of her palms, displaying the deadly weapons in the air then instructs.
Taffy continues. “We can move around the think object by touching the human skin. That’s means…something new. Like this…,” she outlines and paints a single long midnight blue straight pin from her left thigh down to her kneecap then mentally performs the think object: spear as she touches and pulls the weapon into the air while the arm spear brilliantly twinkles like blue sapphires in her left hand and includes without visual aids “We can paint extend the paint drawing out long arm spears. What else uses the properties of bite-nats?” She pauses for drama snipping bites of oxygen then halts her movement and stares at her team of Bandits, calling out. “I…am doing all the…thinking people.”
Wolf yells then sniggers with a hardy tone. “Correction: thinking object or… think objecting?” He scratches his dirty finger nails into his dirty blonde hair, grinning with a stupid smirk at Taffy then looks at Wolf who duplicates his facial motions.
Taffy yells and instructs as she tosses paint lids into the air then they thump onto the floor, demonstrating to the teens. “Try this! We paint our body….all over. Think object: chest armor. For collision impact fighting? Think object: helmet. For rolling to safety? Think object: boots. For kicking the bee_hind of Riders? Think object: armor gloves. For fighting hand-to-hand in combat? Think object: eyeglasses…”
Rusk dictates with a chuckle while looking at the male Bandits. “No eye spies, not around moisture or membranes of biological body…anyway. Bad sucky consequences…if ya know what I mean.” He chuckles for a second round along with Wolf and Bat.
“Okay, Rusk. You want to share with the rest of the class any more useful or useless information about bite-nats.” Taffy demands then huffs with a large puff of breathe musically, parking her expanded finger pads onto her slender hips, screwing her eyebrows, ugly.
“She’s a real leader…,” Wolf lovely bats with his tender admiration.
“And’s a pretty leader…” Bat returns back, nodding his skull once then playfully slaps his fist at Wolf’s bicep for fun, grinning with a toothy smile while both males chuckle with humor.
Wolf bravely pitches in the Bandit camp then laughs with a hardy tone. “Brazoria’s pretty…but bites.”
“Ya mean…she stings and pees when touched. Wonder if, she’s stinging Baycliff, now?” Bat beautifully imagines the mental pic then chuckles and claps like a little kid in elementary school along with Wolf.
Rusk rumbles in his sexy baritone trombone and eye burns Taffy, pondering deeply her logical reasoning for the teen. “Why’da ya leave Baycliff behind with the Riders, Taffy?”
Taffy lectures in her tooting flute soprano. “Practice your ‘think object’ using my visual illustrations. I’ll be back for everyone’s physical inspection and verbal evaluation of your selected survival battle gear and accompanying deadly weapons.” She swiftly shifts onto bare feet from center stage then gracefully pivots to the front wall, calling bravely. “Rusk, help me over here.” Rusk stands from the chair, screwing his eyebrows, ugly then walks in a steady pace to her as she gingerly touches the wall seams, explaining. “There’s a hidden panel somewhere around her. If we find it…” Rusk forcefully slams the wall with his open palm getting attention.
Taffy jumps, kitten-like backwards from the suddenly impact and loud sound of his hand hitting the wall then screws her eyebrows, ugly as she twists her body and eye burns his baby blue eyes just like his twin McCamy. She mentally decides that McCamy, Tulu, and her parents aren’t behind the glass enclosure since Hico has moved them out of her reach but Taffy will find them then Taffy stingingly bites at Rusk. “You’re counter manning my commands, Rusk.”
Rusk rumbles in sexy baritone trombone. “Why, Taffy? Baycliff’s right…you…” He purses his lips, tightly then warns with a deadly air. “….you have….personally signed his death warrant. Them Riders’ll kill him…” He pauses for drama then sighs and breathes, deeply then continues. “….if’an Baycliff is not dead already.”
Taffy giggles with a light tone, shaking her cropped brown bob side to side, updating with humor. “Baycliff is a smart, resourceful snot-hole like just McCamy. His famous last words have made him a true hero to the North Ridge Riders and a sworn enemy to us. They want to win. They want the bite-nats. Baycliff’ll achieve both for them. And…and…you don’t even like him, Rusk…”
“Some one else seems to fit that vivid description which has opened my eyeballs, Taffy.” Rusk translates then continues as Taffy grins with a wickedly smile. “But...I gots my private mixed feelings about Baycliff and my personal reasons to dislike him. But…he’s…” Rusk doesn’t want to discuss it here with the other Bandits in public hearing with eardrums.
“…our friend.” Taffy fills completely, nodding her skull up and down several times.
Rusk purposefully subject changes, grinning with a silly smirk. “Remember, when he shot Hixson’s flamingos then you tossed his bee_hind into the pond, and stormed off to the barn…” Rusk dumps and chuckles at the unfriendly historical flash back, recognizing that Taffy is a strong fierce female, and mentally imagines her as a wonderful wife and great with children….his.
Taffy prettily replays, grinning with a silly smile at Rusk. “Then…you brought me a fistful of twin bouquets of honeysuckles. Cheered me up! We separated the spine and sucked down the sweet nectar like Zeus and Hera…those crazy immortal Greek gods of ancient Literature. I smelled like honey for three days…in my hair, my ears…my…”
Rusk leans slowly into her face, cradling her shaking body into his chest then tenderly kisses her soft pink lips wrapping his steel biceps around her painted green skin while Taffy loses her mental thought waves of bite-nats shield, gloves, and armor. They emerge, smile, and giggle with silly sounds then Rusk comments. “Bite-nats don’t like sugar, I guess.” Taffy giggles with a girly tone as he smiles with a goofy grin then compliments. “I…thanks for picking me…over…. I don’t understand your reasons, Taffy. But, I promise to obey your obtuse commands, Bandit Leader. And…I do know some tidbits about bite-nats that might just save our bee_hinds from the rough Riders.” He pulls back from her face, grinning with a silly smirk, and mentally thinking of strong beautiful Taffy then he neck snaps his skull to the wall, inquiring. “What about this wall?”
Taffy shakes her skull side to side, commenting cheery. “Nothin’! Thinking out loud! Let’s build a strategy for winning against them…fake Heroes.”
“Look at me.” Wolf obnixously calls out then laughs as Rusk and Taffy body spins towards the noise, skating around the wall corner and humorously observes Wolf wearing a red auburn-coated shiny armor from his hair roots to his toenails. Atoka and Bat viciously attack his body with sets of golf-sized colored balls in white, silver, and black pinging Wolf’s armor as the flying balls prettily explode in the air.
Jellico wears a newly painted golden color of bite-nats formal gown over her petite queenly body, giggling with a girly tone at them as Atoka screws her eyebrows, ugly then seriously rears her right wrist backwards, and swiftly sails the whitish-silver sphere into Wolf’s armor for another round, chuckling with delight. Bat rotates his fighting arm like a well-oiled humming machine as the silver paints in Art Deco designer patterns onto Wolf’s legs and feet, laughing with fun.
Taffy causally strolls to Atoka, gingerly touching the round shape much like a small rock obviously painted with the white bite-nats with black sprinkles, inquiring. “New weapons?”
Atoka tattles then giggles. “Cockroaches…,” Taffy quickly releases and curls her lips, disgustingly as Atoka rudely finger points at Wolf, detailing greatly, “…and some beetles…found in the wall corner. Great idea! When the thing crawled onto his arm, he smacked it senseless and painted it for fun then performed the think object: rock. The black cockroach turned magically into a whacked out rocky thingy…(holds the ball in the air)….want one?” Taffy is used to live insects and rodents living with her on her Daddy’s farm in their own nest, not wanting to hold it for fun and games as Atoka comments and giggles. “Whatever!” Atoka launches her next weapon direct at Wolf as he stands with his arms in a ‘V’ formation for the teen dare then laughs obnixously after each successful hit to his body armor.
Wolf holds his hands in a perpendicular pattern, calling loudly. “Time out!” He circles his body for show with the exploded black insects covering his arm then pivots towards Taffy, announcing wildly. “See, boss lady…full body armor for protection along with a bite-nats created backpack holding our bite-nats cock-rocks and assorted deadly weapons.” He taps with knuckles hardy against his chest, arm then leg, updating. “Remember…a flash blade will cut deeply into tender flesh. The body armor gives us a second chance…to dash, to hide, or to fight. Me…I’s prefer fighting them suckers for the k…,” doesn’t finish when a sharp alto cuts him off.
“Excellent, strategy, Wolf.” Taffy claps her hands as she watches Jellico perk her earlobes and nose holes towards Wolf’s nasty message then body spins to inspect her Bandit team as they stand like baby ducklings in a row. She studies Bat wearing his familiar and refreshed Bat-mask of neon yellow which outlines his eye sockets with purple color that forms an upside frown over full mouth along with Bat elongated nine-feet of sharpened wings covered in disguised thick pallets of bite-nats of one-inch tiny sharp pointy spikes for both protection and defense. His anterior arm sleeves slant reveals a set of silver-bluish bite-nats for a quick mental performance of the think object: flash blades and more slants inside his anterior leg calves for more blades access for the deadly killings of Heroes in the upcoming dance competition.
Wolf’s armor shines in red-auburn with highlighted golden threads of sharp razor blades of thicker batches of bite-nats over his muscular chest, hand fists, rippled muscle arms, thick muscled legs, and booted feet while the Wolf-mask contains a set of pointy spiked ears for protection and a Wolf-nose and thick black whiskers for safety of his human face. One touch of a hand or finger then there’s lots of human blood on the floor as his arms and calf legs show slants of yellow verticals paint patterns for numerous and quick retrieving bite-nats flash blades along with a backpack over his shoulder containing the cock-rocks.
Jellico confesses with a heavy heart, sobbing lightly with fear and fright. “I….its hard to image the nasty armor over my pretty dress.” She gingerly touches the soft elegant silk fabric with her finger pads and thumbs, tattling. “I…try. See how thick I’m painted on my arms. They are shimmery golden with diamonds highlights, looking pretty and protected.” She giggles with a girly, adding. “Atoka told me the thicker paint forms the body armor along with some pointy sharp spikes, thorns, barbs to impale my…the…,” Taffy slams her eyelashes upright with deep concern then eye burns Rusk as Rusk twists his lips with worry as well then Taffy remembers that she saw Jellico in the wall corner during the teen fight, hiding for her life as she sighs and breathes, deeply.
“I help.” Bat bounces his body to Jellico, winking his eyelid, left then grabs her hand, moseying into the corner wall. Bat rummages through the drawers of the chop block, finding an old fashioned ink pen and paper notebook then hands off the items to Jellico while removing the entire paint cans to the floor from two different chop blocks then drags the furniture and lays the upright table sideways against the wall creating a hard surface for a setting of two people.
He splatters a large area of orange paint over the two chop blocks, touching the furniture and mentally performs the think object: sofa. The chop blocks quickly materialize into a thickly padded comfortable orange sofa as Bat sits his bee_hind on the sofa fabric then tenderly pats the empty seat for Jellico.
Bat takes the pen and notepad from her then draws a piece of art work, showing Jellico as she giggles with a girly tone then he draws more vertical and horizontal lines, flipping his used notepad to Jellico as she nods with her skull, giggling. He rips the paper from the pad, laying the picture into her open palm, instructing gently. “Okay, stand for me, Jellico.” Jellico giggles with a girly tone as Bat orders with as sweet timbre, grinning in a toothy smile, encouraging kindly. “Now…hold the paper, study the drawing and think object: unicorn.”
Jellico eye burns the drawing with her aqua pupils then she turns her soft gold dress into a hairy thickly long strands of gold as Bat paints the color of bite-nats white on her face with pink on her eye sockets, nose, and lips along with a gold bite-nats around her forehead over her black hair, commanding. “Now…think object: crown and unicorn face.”
The female face transforms into a white hairy face with a set of pretty pink eye sockets and a long pink muffle that covers protectively her mouth breathing parts while the thorny spikes of gold encompass her black hair into a white crown on her skull as Bat compliments and chuckles. “There, Princess….you gots prickles…instead of spikes but effective…none the less.” Bat yells loudly, motioning with a single hand at Wolf. “Hit her, Wolf but gentle…okay?” Wolf nods his jaw in silence then rears back a folded fist then quickly plows a single white cock-rock into the standing Unicorn-mask and gown. White prettily explodes against her gold hairy spiky armor as Jellico giggles and Bat updates with a grin. “See, ya protected, Princess.” Bat stands from the sofa as it returns to two orange painted chop blocks then he closetly hugs Jellico, whispering secretively into her Unicorn-mask as Jellico giggles. They twist and face Taffy and Rusk, hearing claps and cheers from their fellow Bandits.
Atoka wears a Raptor-face of orange eye sockets, yellow sharp beak, and gray, black, and white horizontal stripes around her skull, both arms, both legs which camouflages her human body for seek and destroy missions for the Bandits. Her Raptor-wings expand to eight-feet with sets of razor sharp clawettes around the wing edges and a medium-sized orange saddle pack on her hip full of cock-rocks.
Rusk paints a Saber-toothed Tiger-face with six-inches of white thick fangs dangling from his lips and a series of white sharp spikes vertical covers his skull with a brown nose, black eye sockets, white cheekbones, white chest arms full of hairy spikes, and red hair with Navy blue horizontal stripes over his back muscles, rippled forearms, and muscular legs. His backpack acts like a white shield protecting his chest as he holds the item with a set of white sharpened claws on his red bite-nats gloves….for new look.
Taffy leads as leader. “Okay, everyone passes my inspection with their dangerous body armor and painted flash blades along with the creative cock-rocks.” She giggles then continues. “Any more brilliant ideas for weapons? Can we use anything else in this room?” The team scouts with eyeballs and hands around the floor, the walls, and the wall corners for more insects as weapons.
Rusk contributes. “Grab some of the smaller paint cans, stow inside your backpacks. If ya get sprayed with any type of liquid consisting of water or…even a type of flavored beverage, remember it washes immediately and throughly the colored bite-nats from your painted skin then you revert back to human and….you are un-protected. You can splat a quick color dot of paint from the can and think object: armor to save your hind.”
“Great saving tip.” Taffy grins then nods her skull at Rusk.
Wolf soldierly stands and tenderly touches his skull temple, talking in a loud tone. “Think object: food.” Teen laughter invades the quiet room as he continues then grins. “O! Fearless leader!” Wolf bows for fun.
“Leader twirls. Leader dances. Leader looks. Leader…,” Taffy talks then disappears into the side corner then returns and tosses her prizes into the captured audience.
“Leader disappears. Leader emerges. Leader attacks.” Wolf narrates step by step then catches the small pack of crackers in each palm, ripping the protective wrapping and crams three into his mouth, chewing obnixously as Taffy doles the discovered food items to her team then moves and sits with Rusk on the platform.
Taffy opens her pack, gobbling the stale crackers from an combo of exhaustion, hunger, and worry. “Do ya think…Baycliff is okay, Rusk? He’s okay, right, Rusk? Rough and tough snot-hole McCamy…will be mad…if Baycliff gets hurt…ya know. They’re the same….act like they were born the twin brothers.” She snorts with delight then eye burns him, inquiring. “Where’da ya find your tender caring feelings?”
Rusk shallows the lump of wet dough, expressing with happiness. “And…praise the Good Lord for Tulu. She gives McCamy those tender caring feelings…or he’ll be no diff from these solid limestone emotionless cliffs we play on as children and teens.” He eye burns the floor then returns back his eyeballs to Taffy, honoring. “You…we did the right thing…faking the successful ploy…coming here to Metro City Birmingham. Ya did good, Taffy…the Plan Mistress. We…all will survive….this…including snot-hole Baycliff. I predict we…me and you might have to rescue his bee_hind a couple of times before this thing ends.” He chuckles then inquires. “Ya up to that, Bandit Leader?”
Rusk elbows her rib cage lightly as Taffy giggles then she nods and eats her next cracker. Rusk wraps a free bicep around her body, hugging closetly Taffy into his chest, whispering softly into her right eardrum away from the Bandits. “McCamy and Hixson ain’t sitting by while we wait here. They come…soon. Or soonest are coming back with my Daddy and my Daddy’s shotgun I can tell ya that….” Rusk grunts like a wounded animal then grins with a toothy smile as Taffy violently chokes on her food, coughing roughly. Rusk drops his food pack and ferociously hits her back muscles to clear the crowded esophagus then Taffy mouth spits the wet lump of food onto the floor, wiping tears from eyeballs with both finger pads as Rusk worries. “Taffy….ya okay, honey bun? Remember, chew with molars then swallow.” He chuckles at his lame joke.
Taffy coughs violently clearing her esophagus as she croaks, frog-like then adds. “Right, chew then swallow, I forgot.” She continues to wipe the tears from her eye sockets with her hands….not from chocking on the crackers.
Rusk whispers softly in her right eardrum, sweet breathing on her soft hair. “Ya know…when this mess…is done. And…we get back home…on my farm. Taffy, I’d like us…”
Wolf slaps with a hardy punch both biceps of Taffy and Rusk, yelling as second-in-command. “Go to bed, love birds. Get some rest. I don’t know the time of day or night our…dance competition will start. Hico’s full of ….way too many deadly surprises.” Wolf body spins at the Bandits, orders. “Drop the chop blocks, paint ya a set of pretty pillows, soft blankets, and bed comfys. Close your eyeballs! Touch the paint! Dream of satiny sheets, ya’ll sleep like a crib of drooling babies.” Teen laugher rings in the quiet room as bodies shuffle around the floor.
[:=  Bull Pen. 9:05pm. Red blood splatters against the yellow wall, the gray floor, and on Lion’s fist from Gator’s nose as Baycliff painfully slams his body against the hard tiles inside the space of the Bull Pen, avoiding the launched hand missile. Baycliff sniggers with a light tone then safely stands upright after all the teens have cleared the archway, guiding his tallness towards one of the chairs as Gator limps to the long sofa and babies his bloody nose with both hands then Baycliff twists his lips, ugly while he teaches to his students in slo mo baritone trombone. “Learn and live or….live and learn but do it before ya gets…quick and dead.” He viciously roars with his laughter…alone in the quiet room.
“Don’t like you.” Lion bad breathes, blocking Baycliff towards the single chair.
“I…don’t like him either but…I want to…live.” Etta toots in her soprano piccolo, and shoves her girly biceps at Lion away from Baycliff’s body, finger pointing at a different chair for Lion then snarls her lovely orange lips, ugly at Baycliff.
Baycliff claps his hands together, rubbing his open palms with heat and grinning in a toothy smile, thinking he might be the enemy…once. Now, he is the leader that leads, announcing wildly. “Bite-nats 101.” He twists backward a metal chair, sitting and rumbling in baritone trombone. “Ya learned stupid poopy think objects like Halloween masks and dress making. Tomorrow, we…Heroes…play hardball. Grab a large brush, paint your bodies from throat to toes, one color or lots of colors, don’t matter….then, think object: body armor.” Hoots erupt gloriously in unison.
[:} Dance Hall. 9:08pm. “Kiss my bite-nats. That cowgirl picked a Rider over her own cowboy. Yahoo! This Apprenticeship provides great entertainment this year rather than the usual dull like…dull like…Kodare.” Vovina stingingly bites then giggles with a girly tone and eye burns sour Kodare.
Kodare tosses with his rusty nails. “I ain’t dull…doll… come over to my…”
Vovina subject changes to annoy Kodare. “Why did you make that cowboy leader, Hico? Riders are going to kill the teen then the dance’ll be dull, boring…the same as show boat boating the dried up Mississippi River like the four past years. I remind firmly that I can use him since I require teens with a strong back and good muscle tone.”
Hico updates, grinning with a toothy smile. “They’re smart and resourceful teens and will not make good workers, Vovina…only good rebels. I have a better plan. I did some homework. The female…Taffy…she’s a fugitive….now…turned into a murderess. Eye witnesses saw her kill the poor helpless Apprentices in cold-blood for her interior angry and rage then she killed her own parents…for the greedy bite-nats. Poor thing, we must surrender her live body over to the South Beach authorities which make us the ‘Heroes of Metro City Birmingham’.”
“South Beachers disrespect and hate us.” Kodare laughs with an ugly tone then continues. “You can’t set one bare foot there without your personal body guardian escort along with their loaded shotguns…now. What makes you think you can drag their trash into their own Colony without severe ramifications…on us, Heroes…Hico?”
Hico educates. “I’ve already coffined the dead bodies of former Rockers, Swamplanders, and Riders into numerous rusty coated transports ready for our journey to the Colony of South Beach along with a 97% reservation rate from the other surrounding colonists. We parade into South Beach, mourn their dead, bury the smelly things then hand off the evil murderess and kindly ask for the South Beach bite-nats rights….or else. Everyone wants their daily supply of bite-nats.”
“Start World War III, since all the nuclear devices are gone and buried. Ya know, those farmers aren’t dumb or weak, Hico. They work outside in blistering heat…making the adults as well as young’uns tough and strong.” Kodare firmly reminds. “They will not surrender…easily and don’t negotiate without a shotgun…either. They don’t understand the value of bite-nats which holds the wealth of a hidden treasury chest under their sandy red clayed cowboy booted feet.”
Hico explains. “We start the dance…(chuckles)…battle early at 9:00 am. The teens attack each other then move the bloody action outside into the ‘Concrete Jungle’ of leftover laser blasts which once was called Huntsville. When those nosy teens are busy eating tart berries and stabbing each weak teen with home-made bite-nats flash blades, we start our trek to the Colony of South Beach watching the beating on the TV devises.” He pauses for drama holding the small TV in the air, examining the metal, offering. “I wished the bigger TV devise could worked. A crying shame you can’t see all the bright blood…but we will build bigger ones…later this year for Colony distribution.”
“ ‘Concrete Jungle’?” Kodare neck snaps his skull to enclosed wall with the destroyed score board behind the hidden jungle that contains bugs and berries, inquiring. “No one lives out there.”
Vovina swiftly stands from her oversized leather chair then gracefully twirls in a completed circle, wearing the bite-nats light gray Mouse-mask and fitted baby blue formal floor length sheath gown, proposing quickly to Hico. “We make this event on a semi-annual. No! Quarterly? No…monthly will be best time. Our new monthly dance competition will include more than sixteen-year olds. We include fourteen to seventeen year olds in the dance competition and offer the survivors abundant rewards of bite-nats for each age group….” She giggles and nods her skull up and down then adds. “Then, we offer free houses, free healthcare, and great jobs for the winners and their families…here in Metro City Birmingham. We’d triplet increase our population and finally establish our great kingdom with me as Queen of Metro City Birmingham.” She twirls around and faces him, inquiring with a sweet set of pink curled lips. “What do you think, Hico?”
“You’re evil, my little sugar plum.” Hico compliments to Vovina then eye burns Kodare, detailing fully. “We buried our dead in red clay, covered with green honeysuckle vines, and closed the apex of our forgotten city, not reminding us of the Nuke War, shutting our eyelids and gray matter to the deadly defeat of the USA.”
Kodare images the dull battle between the teens displayed on the tiny TV devises while eye burning the wall with the hidden Concrete Jungle. “Nothing out there but broken buildings overgrown with patches of wildflowers, batches of vine fruit…strawberries, blue berries, fallen apples, and tree limbs, dozens of hiding spots for snakes, squirrels, rabbits.  Not much of a fight….”
“We call our new event…the Survivor Games. No!” Vovina elegantly dances on three-inched high heels back and forth along the edge of stage platform, naming. “Warrior Games. Not good either.” She stops and faces Hico, ordering. “How about the Hunter Games for the males? Huntress Games for the females? Yes. The Hunter and Huntress Games?” She bobs her skull up and down then starts skating the edge of the stage for a second time, smiling.
Hico compliments to Vovina. “You’re evil, my little sugar plum.” Hico eye burns Kodare, addressing. “We shall see. I believe the Bandits will win…barely. Brazoria is a vicious fighter along with those talented South Beachers.”
“I expect at least two or three teens as winners…or else the audience isn’t going to be happy with our good entertainment event. Have you seen the numbers…up with twenty-five million more viewers after you combined the Colonies against the single powerful South Beach Bandits.” He chuckles then comments. “That was a brilliant move, Hico along with this TV thing which is another great idea. I am a real genius…here, too.” Kodare talks…way too much as Hico bobs his skull in silence while Kodare sternly reminds. “If only one winner, your dead negotiatee being that girl named Taffy will fail with her South Beach farmers. I suggest we wait for the winners after the dance battle which is here in Metro City Birmingham then we all winner and more dead bodies….more drama…ya think…we can transport to South Beach.” He pauses for thought then continues. “Because your scenario means that we are half-way to South Beach before the dance battle ends….”
Vovina sprays a mist of bite-nats over her body, transforming into the evil Queen from the Snow White Fairy tale with a black tiara and a pair of blood-red lips, sneering loudly then sprays a mist of bite-nats upon the floor, touching firmly with her finger pads. Brown, red, white, and green paint upon rocks inside the floor turning magically into the seven Dwarfs on rotating food skewers under a blue and yellow fire pit as Vovina calls. “I’m queen. The dancers are dressed as dwarfs, roasting under my fire. Toasty!” She evilly laughs, twirling in a complete circle in her thick velveteen purple plantation gown.
Hico compliments. “You’re evil, my little sugar plum.” Hico eye burns Kodare, addressing. “You don’t think they will chase after us. I plan to leave one working transport. I don’t my ‘guests of honors’ to be too late for my party.” He grins with a wicked smile.
“You plan to kill the winners and farmers for the bite-nats paint. That’s bold move even for Doboil. He’d not approve, Hico.” Kodare postulates, eye burning the wall then the hallway where the dead bodies of Doboil and his wife Starbe lay inside another the Pig Pen for their funeral.
Vovina sprays a mist of bite-nats over her body, transforming into the evil Queen of Hearts from Alice in Wonder Land Fairy tale with a heart-shaped Ruby tiara, red fiery floor gown and matching cape. She dusts the stages in colors of white, pink, gray, yellow and silver paint as the floor turning into a silver pot of exposed pairs of white bunny ears along with sets of pink wiggling noses under the purple and yellow fire pit as Vovina calls. “Dress the dances as white rabbits then simmer rabbit stew for all. Delicious!” She evilly laughs, evilly, swirls in a completed circle.
“You’re evil, my little sugar plum.” Hico eye burns Kodare, threatening. “Doboil isn’t here to object, either.” Hico reminds, grinning with a toothy smile. “I want the bite-nats without force and using the teens with be….my first option. Mama and Daddy will relent, immediately…to me.”
Vovina sprays a mist of bite-nats, transforming into the evil Step-mother of Cinderella in the children’s Fairy Tale with a pair of silver glittery wings, a silver wand, a pink sequined tight fitting dress, and a pink tiara. She paints bite-nats of baby blue, yellow, orange, brown, and gold upon the rocks as they turn into orange and brown baking pumpkin pies inside the golden oven of yellow fire then Vovina calls. “Pluck the dancers as pumpkins then bake me those pies. Yummy!” She laughs and spins in a circle.
“You’re evil, my little sugar plum.” Hico eye burns Kodare and compliments to her.
“Aren’t you afraid the populace will object to more violence? We just completed five years of peace. No body wants another war, battle, or encounter with blood and guts…Hico.” Kodare debates in place of dead Doboil.
“No one wants boredom. Since peace, everything’s boring. Everyone’s boring. Every where’s boring…especially Metro City Birmingham. I plan for Birmingham to become our newest Entertainment Center using these…(holds the mini-TV in the air)….and bite-nats. The populace demands entertainment. The populace demands fun. The populace demands bite-nats. The populace will learn where its safely hidden and who hides it then I promise you that there’ll be no war, battle or encounter…only surrender.” Hico confesses then grins with a wicked smile.
“That works for me.” Kodare nods his skull once then grin along with Hico at the vision.
Vovina wears her princess pink dress and tiara, facing Hico and announces boldly. “Next month, Hico…I want my new Huntress and Hunter Games with all day parties of food, drink, and trained professional dancers as entertainment then we have amateurs that dance in their formal gowns with masks of bite-nats for more rewards of bite-nats. See how the cycle near ends with bite-nats but goes on and on and on…” She cheerleads and claps her hands lightly.
“What about the final death dance, Vovina?” Kodare questions, rising his eyebrows and wiggling them, funny.
She slaps her hands to her princess dress, hissing. “You’re no fun, Kodare.”
“You’re fun, my little sugar plum.” Hico smiles sweetly at Vovina.
Dance Competition Day #3. Dance Hall.  Gray sky. Daylight. 62ºF. 8:45 am. Taffy painfully slaps her hands against the chest armor on Rusk for fun as he grins with a goofy smile then she wishes success to her Bandit team members standing on center stage in the Art Galley. “We’re ready. We gots our body armor, flash blades, and cock-rocks in place, Warrior teens. We buddy together to protect each other and move like a team and shake down the enemies eliminating…eliminating…okay?” Teen skulls bob up and down in silence at her commands.
Vovina suddenly appears inside the archway, wearing an elegant yellow sexy tight gown, and motions with her left hand into the hallway. “This way, ya sugar plums! We’re beginning the …dance competition, South Beach Bandits. One. Two. Three. March.”
Taffy pulls Jellico out the door first, starting the vertical line then follows Atoka behind Jellico as Rusk grabs Taffy, pushing her ahead of him. Rusk follows by Bat then Wolf in the rear guarding the Bandits. The straight line of Bandits strolls excitedly and anxiously behind Vovina as Taffy sees in the far distance the cantering human figures from the Bull Pen with Etta in front of the North Ridge Mountain Heroes. She cranks her neck sideways, catching a quick view of Baycliff alive in the rear, smirking victoriously, and knows that the snot-hole’s tough.
Vovina suddenly stops and pirouettes gracefully as her dress twirls against her sandals, smiling sweetly, and announces with a surprise, finger pointing at the Navy blue drapes that covers the hidden archway of the Dance Hall as it blocks the body entrance and eye ball viewport, commanding. “You enter…one at a time.”
Taffy objects, hostile-like, stepping a sandal towards Vovina. “As a unit or we don’t play, Vovina?”
“New rules, Bandit Leader. One at a time.” Vovina smiles in an un-friendly grin then snaps her manicured finger nails at Tick and Tick’s rifle who guards the Navy blue drapes then Taffy paces back into line screwing her eyebrows, ugly. Vovina names and pushes on the teen. “Jellico, you first, stand here.” Vovina neck snaps her skull to Kodare as he stands next to Etta then Kodare nods his skull once in silence at Vovina.
Vovina forcefully shoves Jellico through the slightly parted Navy blue drape slot as the cloth hides everything from everyone when Jellico screams within their eardrums in an ear-piercing fright then silence immediately bombards the air waves as teens nosily gasp and swiftly shuffle in place upon bite-nats shoes.
Taffy quickly startles then leaps, kitten-like forward as Wasp direct points the shotgun at her right eyeball when Taffy steps back into the duckling line-up, and neck snaps her skull to smiling Vovina.
Vovina neck snaps her skull again directly to Kodare as he nods his skull in silence then Vovina pushes Atoka into the parted drapes as Atoka hollers with loud alto then silence. Rusk releases her shaky hand as Taffy moves up the next spot in the duckling line about to travel through the mysterious dark curtains.
Taffy neck snaps her skull Vovina, promising truthfully. “I will kill you…last.”
Vovina giggles with a girly tone, pardoning politely. “You’re bravely amusing, Taffy. Tulu was a real drag so mellow and serious. Too bad, she escaped with those cowboys of her’s.” Taffy blinks her eyelashes once, twice then thrice, knowing the truth that Tulu and McCamy didn’t escape unless…Vovina doesn’t know the truth that Hico holds her family hostage in a secret hidden cell inside the Metro City Hall Building. Hico is very dangerous to…everyone as Ant searches Taffy’s backpack exposing her paint cans, and removing the heavy objects as the metal clanks against the opposite wall then Vovina violently pushes Taffy forward, offering. “In ya go, sugar plum.”
Taffy holds her breathe and both her fists upright for her dangerous fight since he/she/it might get one good swing but she’ll return viciously as cold sharp water pops sideways at her skull, neck, biceps, waist, legs, kneecaps, and feet. Taffy mice-squeaks softly since she’s holding her breathe then stumbles forward on her naked feet, feeling the squashed dead cockroaches under toe bones, and shivers in her tiny bathing suit covering the major girly parts. She mentally loses her think object: body armor since the cold water has washed away the paint with the forced single nozzle of a pressurized horizontal waterfall upon her body.
Taffy slowly emerges into a tiny room, eye burning a rake of hanging colorful sleeveless zipper vests, matching skinny jeans along with many pairs of knee-high cowboy and cowgirl leather animal hind boots. Ant direct points his rifle at Taffy and finger points the other hand at the free warm wardrobe. Taffy dresses in a glittering purple vest with a set of matching purple skinny jeans, and prettily lavender-tinted Alligator cowgirl boots, moving into the bright overhead lamps that emerges her body into the Dance Hall.
She sees smiling Jellico in a pink zipped vest, pink jeans, and a pair of glittering red cherry leather cowgirl boots standing beside Atoka in a yellow zipped vest, matching jeans and a pair of puke green Lizard cowgirl boots padding towards them as she neck snaps her skull at Etta in red colors of the same clothing along with Pemona in orange colors while they stand side by side forming a second duckling line-up of Riders on the other side of the dance floor.
The empty Dance Hall misses the hissing live audience but replaces with a big TV screen latitudely on the south wall while the bite-nats tubes are absent from the east wall shelves and the center stage empties without any Superintendent stage chairs. The west wall misses the set of Cherry wooden wall panels, exposing a teen’s eyeballs, nose holes, and eardrums to the building’s roof tiles, bright warm sunshine, broken white concrete mortars, red clay bricks, an overgrowth of greenery wildflowers, sweet smelling vines of wild fruit plants and colorful garden flowers and sounds of insects and small rodents.
Rusk emerges thirty seconds later with wet blonde hair, wearing a Navy blue un-zipped vest exposing his steel sculptured biceps and an eight-pack abs upon his chest along with a pair of Navy blue jeans hugging his tall body coupled with a pair of blood-red Ostrich cowboy boots. He grins with a toothy smile and gallops straight to Taffy, holding her hand then cuddles her body into his naked chest as he watches Wolf appear in all brown gear with brown Rattlesnake cowboy boots. Baycliff struts from the parted drapes in midnight black clothes marching in Python snake-skinned black cowboy boots onto the Dance Hall standing last in the duckling line-up of North Ridge Rider team mates.
Hico claps his hands for attention while annoys and center stages on the dance floor in a gray sleeved vest, matching gray pants under gray dress shoes, announcing wildly. “I believe that we are even…now. No more hidden flash blades, or funny cock-rocks. But, that was a clever invention…Wolf.” Wolf hisses at Hico stepping from the line as Wasp shines the black barrel into his eardrum then Hico chuckles and adds. “The slate has to be level and just. After all, this is competition, competitors must be equal.
Hico turns towards the big TV screen, seeing his person on the dance floor, grinning with a toothy smile, concluding. “And since you are on TV, you must be descent.” He chuckles then calls. “Illuminate.” The TV screen twists into distinct shapes of vertical bite-nats, glittering in neon colors from the sunlight as Hico translates. “Bite-nats tubes are in various shapes from two small, three medium, and four large-sized quantities just like milk jugs. That’s a total of nine tubes of various colors as well. There are twelve of you. You get to share, part of the ‘team’ thing. You get to race, part of the ‘compete’ thing. You get to die, part of the ‘death’ thing.
He turns sideways, pacing back and forth along the duckling horizontal line in front of the teens, grinning with a smile, proposing. “The good news, you can take all nine tubes…if you arrive first…and share with your mates…or keep for yourself. You must admit covering yourself completely with bite-nats ups the anti…for survival. Miniature.” The TV screen shrinks to an electronic geographic map of Metro City Birmingham specifically the hidden jungle, explaining. “You are here. See the cute blue blinking arrow. Tubes are there. See the red blinking arrow. You can stomp any garden and forest plants to your destination.
“See outside…where there once was a nice wall that has been destroyed and to be fair and just in the dance competition, there aren’t any wild mammals like bears, or coyotes, or cougars, only you. There do exist plenty of beetles, cockroaches, crickets, squirrels, rabbits, snakes, and other crawling critters. Plants, berries, and vines aren’t poisonous to your biological bodies, and can prevent food…if needed. There’s a tiny stream with clean and pure water. You are the only lethal thing in this Concrete Jungle.” Hico chuckles and pauses for drama. “You might develop weapons from the visual sources seem from here. I caution you. The mortars are ancient probably will fall to dust inside your hands. The trees are old and twisted, rotten in some places…maybe break into some type of sturdy limb…just maybe. The rest of the woodlands are covered in pretty wildflowers, assorted weeds, and knee-high grasses. I have covered everything. I…predict…this entire event will finish in about two hours. Then…come back here….the winners that so.” Hico laughs with a hardy.
He claps his hands and finger points at the Concrete Jungle, summarizing. “Food. Water. Sunshine. No wild animals. No weapons. No rain in the forecast for today. Ya lucked out, Apprentices.” Hico laughs then continues. “You seem eager to fight and anxious to participate. I’ll not keep ya’ll waiting. We’ll do this on my vocal mark. Trumpets.” Trumpets honk with a set of alto notes as Hico calls. “Ready. Flutes.” Flutes toot with soprano octaves as he shouts. “Set. Drums.” The drum snarls roll steady along with the flutes and trumpets as Hico screams. “GO!”
[:o  Honeysuckle Field. South. 60ºF .9:03am. Taffy shouts at her team members, running along the side wall watching them exit into the exposed wall and bright sunlight. “Bite-nats! Don’t fight. Go right. Right. Go right! Bite-nats. Buddy up!” Rusk grabs Taffy’s arm as they gallop their boot heels over fallen logs and stomp wildflowers towards the golden honeysuckle fields where bite-nats tubs huddle quietly on the green vines. Taffy glances behind her shoulder upon seeing that Bat assists Jellico over rough and high foliage as Wolf keeps up with swift-legged Atoka running ahead of the other Bandits as she darts right around the clump of twisted Oak trees then disappears. Rusk gallops beside her as Taffy orders to him. “Tell Wolf to scout us some secret cover for our mission.”
“No.” Rusk huffs musically, refusing to leave her side.
“Yes, I’m boss lady. Hold back, tell Wolf!” Taffy orders between heavy pants, screwing her eyebrows, ugly at him.
“Bossy…lady.” Rusk observes, refusing to exit the race as ordered by Taffy.
“Obey, Rusk. I go get tubes. Meet me at the half-way point for my protection.” She suddenly stops running as Rusk suddenly stops then Taffy stands on tippy toes and tenderly pecks his golden lips of bite-nats as Rusk smiles with a goofy grin then Taffy shouts while she runs backwards away from Rusk. “Be back, soonest.”
Taffy slams her back muscles against the old building as dust covers her purple vest and jeans for the air attack, calming her fear, bending at kneecaps, and lands on her bee_hind. She surveys the quiet pretty landscape then uprights her body, and gallops the down rows of thick green bushes, seeing the two-inched yellow reddish-abdomen Banana Spider.
The Banana spiders or giant wood spiders are from the Nephila genus of spiders and are the oldest surviving species with discovered fossilized cavemen-like specimen known from 165 million years ago that’s what the History Book read in farm school as Taffy recalls. They weave their webs between plant bushes and flower stems to catch flying and crawling insects but basically are a nuisance for woodland travelers like Taffy. The spider’s silk tissue engineering is very strong and yucky sticky, loving to adhesion to Taffy’s delicate feeling flash. Yucko!
Taffy swiftly jerks her body to the left from the wide giant web, leaps, kitten-like over a couple of tree limbs and roughly stumbles her boots over the moss-covered tree roots, dropping onto her stomach with balances her pretty face from dangerous impact. She quickly stretches her palms for a guided smooth landing, hitting the squashy thing, yelping loudly, and moves her hands, revealing a short body of webbed digits, protrude eyeballs, bifid red tongue, no tailed dark green bull frog. Taffy jumps, T-rex backwards then quickly stands and swiftly runs toward bite-nats tubes returning to her mission.
Taffy carefully trots under the overstory 93% crown canopy of the combination of Maple tree branches and Oak tree leafy foliage which beautifully interlock and block totally the bright hot sunshine then safety dumps her body into an open clearing of low thorny green shrub layers of wild berry fruit consisting of perfectly rounded blueberries, and pretty oval-shaped red and black raspberries which are used for sweet jams, jelly preserves, and other rich flavored food products on Mama’s buttered homemade biscuits.
Taffy eye burns the numerous buzzing and hovering yellow tiny hummingbirds which fly prettily with the colorful pack of butterflies who both suck dry the flashy bell-shaped sweet-scented fragrance fruit nectar of the honeyberries for food.
Honeysuckles or the uncommon name honeyberries grow vigorous in the heated sunlight, possess nearly indestructible green leaves, and produce perfectly red round poisonous berries within the massive honeysuckle field currently located at Metro City Birmingham. The arching shrubs and twining vines overgrow on everything including fallen tree stubs, old broken fencing posts, and low brick columns.
Taffy swiftly spots the wooden stave of missing bite-nats tubes, galloping and landing on her kneecaps. Gone! She curses loudly and prays softly that her team mates of Wolf and Atoka got some….or….
She examines the empty wood platform, bleeding on the covered ground the color of light purple, narrowing her eyelashes, and leans her nose into the honeysuckle leaf, recalling that the berry leaves aren’t purple, only mint green. She realizes the berry leaves possess tiny bits of bite-nats, understanding mentally that the tube must have broken apart probably from the rush of bodies impacting together for the grand prize as she sees only about one percent fragment liquid of precious bite-nats tube glass, surveying with eyeballs a wider part of the honeysuckle field, displaying no wounded or dead body parts then sighs and breathes, deeply which means Wolf and Atoka must have successfully acquired a tube or two of bite-nats.
Taffy wonders if the lilac-colored bite-nats paint can be used lying on top of the honeysuckle leaves then uprights her body, dashing into the woodland forest for a tiny dead tree twig for a tool implement as she yanks the healthy Maple leaves from the dry twig. She returns to the paint, brushing back the berry leaves seeing the issue that the Lilac bite-nats have been 99% absorbed into the component of the vine including the honeysuckles flowers, red berries, green leaves, and clay red dirt.
Taffy ain’t touching the exposed and painted bite-nats upon the honeyberries which might accidentally transform her human body into a single one bell-shaped honeysuckle flower since bite-nats are dangerous morphing alive things as she giggles with a girly tone.
Taffy executively decides against the placement of bite-nat art work inside her calf muscles since her jeans are designed to protect her long legs that tuck into her cowgirl boots as she holds steady the dead yellowish single leave over the top of honeysuckle flower then cautiously taps without touching the painted flower, stem, and hanging berries, capturing tiny splatters of lilac.
She draws using the dead yellowish leaf a funky picture of a straight pin knife-like art inside the anterior of her right arm, and mentally performs the think object: flash blade. The knife is sorta straight like straight pen but with a set of wicked claws of four on the left side, smiling victoriously with her retrieved gift as she duplicates the funky flash blade inside her left anterior arm almost to her wrist, grinning with a toothy smile then she eye burns the splattered strikes that span twenty yards from her kneecaps. Too far! Too long! Too late!
Taffy slowly stands, eye burning the smooth fields, resting forests that are clear of enemies then pivots back towards the forest trails into the woodlands, sniffing out her team mates.
She hits then stalls, eye burning the “Thorn Forest” consisting of rows of dense low statures of spiny species composed of purple bull thistles, pink milk thistles, red flowering thorn bushes, and numerous Rose bushes which are technically prickle bushes, not thorns. Hundreds of Roses beautifully view in eye balls, and sweetly sweet in nose holes from Lilac Dog roses to orange, yellow, and white small Cabbage roses, and pink, red, crimson, and mauve Garden roses which are really thorny plants used as an excellent perimeter defense for any lawn or yard area from trespassers of the human-kind or mammal-kind.
She fondly thinks of yesterdays in South Beach before the Honeysuckle Ball at her Daddy’s farm when Baycliff would bring her a handful of wild pink Roses…(without cow drool)….that he had collected around the cow pastures during his visual inspections of the baby calves and loose fence posts. He and horse galloped like a bronze knight in a sweaty T-shirt, visiting her inside the crop fields, toting a gallon jug of cold water…(with ice cubes)….and his Mama’s baked cookies as she giggles with a girly tone at her lovingly gifts.
Then, Rusk visited Taffy during their evening mealtime after farm chores at the Thelee Farm, tagging slowly behind McCamy who lovingly tongue drools over his girl Tulu while Rusk presented Taffy with a hand bouquet of sweet red flowered honeysuckles (without the poisonous berries)….like his twin.
Tulu loves the honeysuckle flowers and sucks down the sweet nectar as McCamy and her leave the Dining table for their private time in the backyard of the house under the watchful eyeballs of Tourann and Thelee. Taffy sighs then breathes, deeply and has to pick only one cowboy for her permanent mate after surviving Hico’s battle while she admires, respects, and loves both teens.
The fluttering bright colors break Taffy’s day dream as dozens of flying butterflies silently land upon both her shoulders and relaxed arms. Butterflies are attracted by salt within the human sweat for sodium, feeding on nectar from the flowers for sugar, sipping water from the damp patches of honeysuckle leaves, and pollinating any entire species of plants throughout the globe.
The insect butterflies date back to the mid-Eocene epoch of Planet Earth about 50 million ago as they travel in swarms over the span of great geographical distances for their breeding season. Butterflies have four wings covering with tiny scales while their fore and hind wings are not hooked together which creates the wonderful graceful flight twirling with their six legs. Their bodies lift by a generation of  steady-state, non-transitory aerodynamics force of wing capture which vortices at the wing edge then rotates like a machine which is called the “clap-and-fling” mechanism, capable to change from one mode to another movement, rapidly. The hind wings allow swift take offs and tight wind turns to evade their evil predators.
They say that a single butterfly symbols the “one person’s soul” while a large numbers of butterflies are viewed as a set of “bad omens” as Taffy giggles at the silly superstitions then gently flings her arms in the wind while the butterflies flutter away towards the pretty garden roses.
Taffy back steps from the Rose Garden twirling her body to the left around the thorns then dumps her boots into an open clearing as she jerks and jukes around the sky high Southern Pine trees, scouting for her team then eye burns the waving flag pole known as Rusk, and dashes into his open biceps. Rusk grins with a toothy smile, greeting and hugging her with mystery. “Taffy…,” he sniffs with a set of inflamed nostrils. “You…smell…”
Taffy sees with her eyeballs the two yellow Swallow-tail butterflies fluttering towards the bright sunlight and green tree leaves, remembering in her ancient World History Book that two butterflies flying together symbolize the emotion of love. She pulls back from his tight embrace, eye burning happy Rusk, detailing. “I sweat from running. Did we get bite-nats tubes? The pallet was empty. But…I found some broken glass…probably from a war. Hope…we won…a prize, or two. Do you know, Rusk?”
“Don’t know, Taffy! Told Bat to find a forest quarter then been hunting for you…,” Rusk talks with jogging and panting in heavy breathes as he junks along with Taffy around the forest trees while she bobs her skull in silence pacing beside him in a steady rhythm. They both spot the canopy, camp, and clearing composed of limestone chair-sized boulders, stomped knee-high grasslands, and a secret overhang of rock ledge where the Bandit protect the tubal glass colors of  one medium Navy blue, and two large tubes of midnight black and bright orange.
[:)  Forest. 9:43am. Taffy and Rusk occupy the empty spots around the circle, admiring the gentle cradle of dried yellow and moist green leaves that pack and cuddle around the horizontal laying fragile tubes of bite-nats.
Wolf lectures. “Got my black back. Grabbed what I could from Lion and Brazilla-girl. By the way, they are good trackers. Please note! During the arms entanglement…(sniggers)….the Lilac medium tube tumbled into the honeysuckle leaves as the thin glass broke into hundreds and one pieces of sharp metal. Snake grabbed the big chunks of glass with both his hands. Then…they took off like a pair of ancient nukes towards their hidden nest. So…each team has four tubes with two of them in the super large form. Let’s paint our pics!”
“Good job, Wolf.” Taffy compliments.
“Hurry…paint ourselves.” Jellico eye gleams the nosily forest of invisible animals, gusting invisible wind, and swaying invisible tree leaves. “They’re coming.”
“I want black to be Bat-man, again.” Bat bravely joshes, leaning his body and wiggling his finger pads at the large glass tube.
Taffy dictates, raising her right palm in the air. “Hold up! We must use the bite-nats wisely. I can calculate quickly that there isn’t enough paint to cover all our body parts. So, we need to decide which parts to cover and which parts are exposed. I recommend protective coverings for the arms since the poorly armored vests are sleeveless but our legs and feet are protected with tough jeans and sturdy boots. I also recommend masks for our facial protection and secret disguise. We collected good natural earthy colors of black and red which blend nicely within the forest and woodlands, easily.” Teen skulls bob up and down in silence as Taffy lectures. “Secondly, we sweat liquid from our working bodies which means once we are painted there’s going to skin spots exposed. So, we should think wisely before painting in certain male and female areas.” Taffy educates as teen skulls bob up and down in silence with her suggestion.
Rusk pulls his vest off, exposing more rippled biceps and the entire sideways 8-packed abs as Taffy holds her hand in the air. “No! I see what you’re doing. You’ll use all the paint….over your exposed skin. We have to share, equally…Rusk. We all need protection.”
“A thin shield is better then no shield, Taffy.” Rusk boldly retorts as Bat and Wolf nod their skulls up and down with his debate point.
Wolf updates. “Rusky’s right…Taffy pudding. I don’t think females as merely objects of esthetic pleasurable labors of lust…” He winks his eyelid, left at petite and cute Atoka. 
She mouth spits her salvia from orange lips at Wolf, calls out properly. “Male chauvinist pig.”
Wolf chuckles then updates. “But…our teen enemies gots tall girls and taller guys. We got small teen girls…means less paint for ya’ll and more paint for us. Sooo….in battle, we’ll be fighting…”
“At an advantage….I do see, Rusky.” Taffy winks her eyelash, right at Rusk, bobbing her skull in agreement as Rusk grins along with Wolf chuckles as she commands. “And I agree Wolf-man…its good being…a pig.”
“Oink! Oink!” Wolf sounds like a farm pig then chuckles while he attacks and hugs on Atoka as she snarls violently between his naked biceps.
Bat offers with an illogic idea. “We should steal their paint.”
“Too dangerous! Too risky! Too late! But…we can defend ourselves differently…,” Rusk eye gleams the woodlands and orders to the Wolf and Bat. “Gimme your vests!” Bat and Wolf hands off the clothing as Rusk stands, and commands. “Be back! Don’t touch the paint! Got an idea! Taffy, guard it.” Rusk disappears into the green forest.
“Rusky…,” Wolf calls and stands, wondering.
“Rusk.” Taffy watches with keen interest.
“The time is 9:45am. We are still alive and breathing. Remember, Hico stated in the Dance Hall that this will be over in two hours.” Atoka nervously rambles while watching the forests for any surprise attacks from the North Ridge Riders.
Jellico slowly stands, announcing with a shaky flute soprano. “We can’t just sit here….waiting for tea and biscuits.” She eye gleams the dark forest, proclaiming in a tight voice. “We need a strategy, some plans, other plots, and…”
Taffy voices in her alto clarinet, agreeing. “Jellico’s right.” She mentally performs the think object: flash blade, scooting her body into the tree line and pulls and cuts a stripe of vertical tree bark from its skin then totes it to Jellico, measuring the bark against her big breasts, ordering. “Find me some flowering vines.” The vines arrive by Wolf and Bat as Taffy ties the tree bark which is shaped into a semi-circle around Jellico’s breasts and waist, announcing. “See, new shields…nature made, not bite-nats. Everyone find some more flowering vines and moist tree leaves. I’ll cut more tree bark for our shields. We, girls will plant them around our chest, thighs, and shins and use the black bite-nats over our arms for both protection and disguise. The boys get the bright flaming orange since they are the big brave targets for our enemies protecting the inferior sex from harm.” Teen laughter echoes off the rock ledge as Taffy commands. “Everyone search for their nature gear!”
Bandits Camp. 65ºF. Sunny. Partly cloudy. 10:00am. Rusk swiftly returns from the forest and entertainingly watches the tree bark-flowered vine nature trimmed warriors dance around the bite-nats tubes, chuckling at the odd sight while he carries an oversized bundle of visual movement between his biceps. Rusk carefully drops the oblong-shaped clothing vests to the damp wet grass grounds, shouting. “Alright! Everyone huddle on hands and kneecaps. Get ready and catch your prey.” Rusk waits for the team to get into position then gently opens one side of Wolf’s vest, and watches three furry white rabbits hop out then hollers. “Get it!” Wolf grabs the two bunnies while Bat gets three of the mammal then Rusk flips the other side of Bat’s vest and yells. “Get it!” Atoka touches the two bunnies as Jellico catches her two rabbits, holding them to her neck, and coos sweetly. Rusk expresses with a deadly tone. “They ain’t pets. Ain’t supper. Ain’t for love gifts. These are our new weapons.” Rusk holds the small white bunny by its long furry pink ears, wiggling and sniffing at him in the air then commands. “Open the blue one, Wolf-man!”
Wolf eases his body over to green leaves then uprights the medium-sized tube, popping the lid and dips a couple of dead yellow leaves into the paint, slowly lifting and gently squatting without dropping the precious prize besides Rusk.
Rusk takes the yellow tree leaves of Navy blue paint from Wolf then instructs in slo mo baritone. “Look, watch me! Paint a flash blade onto your strong fighting arm then materialize the blade into your palm. Take the rabbit with your free hand and lay on its side then slice the throat…dead.” Teen nosily gasps then heavy groans immediately as he lectures. “Paint your forearm and the rabbit, rapido.” Rusk illustrates using the wet Navy blue bite-nat on the leaves then lectures. “Touch it with your finger pad, quick-o and perform the think object: spear. Done!” Rusk holds the uneatable meat by the long skewer in the air, grinning with a silly smirk as the white rabbit body transforms with floppy white ears and flapping white feet into a Navy blue sharp point tip instead without a rabbit-face attached to the elbow-length bite-nats spear.
Wolf laughs and compliments. “I like, Rusky. Me, next….”
Rusk educates with a VIP message. “Ya’ll need to find groups of small animals like…rabbits, squirrels, larger foul, not Swallows or Sparrows…they are too small.” He uses the remaining Navy blue bite-nats paint and sketches a small bag on his body for housing his new spear collection then he lectures. “As long as you hold the spear, it’ll retain its physical form as a weapon. Then, place it into a knap sack…like this one…(holds the pouch from his body with the shoulder stripe)…for safety.”
Wolf wildly offers. “I vote that we make arched bows with rabbit-arrows, further the target range, achieving a faster kill while exhibiting better efficiency to save our bee_hinds.” He chuckles along with Bat.
Rusk shakes his sweaty brow and cropped blonde skull, explaining. “Naw. Bows ain’t real and can’t become tools for our use since inanimate objects don’t morph with the bite-nats paint. The weapons have to be alive…sorta. Bite-nats absorb the last mental thought wave of the rabbit’s dead brain cells when touched by our human hands. The rabbit is heated like life until cooled by death. Bite-nats are dumb, just form or conform in this case…to spears, daggers, arrows or…weapons for getting rid of the Riders.” The teen warriors work on making their personal bite-nats weapons from the little rabbit bodies as Rusk supervises then Wolf disappears into the dark forest, looking for his perfect weapon.
“Yucko! Its got eyeballs and feet.” Atoka violently disgusts at Navy blue spear creation of her imagination as Rusk inspects her weapon product.
“Good eats.” Bat rejoices and inspects her weapon, chuckling while he slaps Atoka’s back muscles for fun and giggles.
“You’re gross, Bat.” Atoka viciously returns back, working on her second weapon, and pondering a new idea.
“Bats like eyeballs and feet and some…,” Bat remarks with the gross comment as he quickly paints two orange rabbit-spears and a medium shoulder pouch with expert warrior skills.
Rusk lectures with helpful advice. “The paint needs to completely cover the face, ya’ll. We’ll cut the un-used rabbit feet and ears with our flash blades afterwards to reduce the weight while perfecting your target aim.”
Jellico cuddles two soft furry creatures to her breasts, shaking her golden tiara upon her skull then finger points at Atoka’s set of disgusting weapons, expressing. “I’m not touching that….much less tossing that…at…”
Bat slithers on his kneecaps into Jellico’s face, bad breathing and filling with scary thoughts. “…your teen enemy. The Riders are trying to murder, maim, mutate, mutilate, and….the rest of ‘m’ verbs.” He twists his face to Rusk, asking. “Does it need to be a spear?”
Rusk coaches. “Any thing with a very sharp point and a sturdy handle for hitting, slicing, or tossing at our…enemies. Ya then have created a murderous mobile missile weapon, once it leaves your hand, it’ll harm, hurt, and kill any annoying Ridger if lodged in the right fleshy spot. The rabbit’s brain wave thought makes it pass freely from your physical hand into the air at a posed target. Normally, the flash blades can’t be removed from your hand gripe until it’s washed by water or whacked off by a sword since your blood is a liquid component.” He chuckles as the teen groan lightly then reminds. “A good point to always remember…”
Wolf jumps, kitten-like from the thick tree trunks, announcing fondly. “Found me o’possum or is it possum?” Wolf hangs the upside down mariposa from his steel bicep, chuckling. “It tickles.”
Rusk orders. “Mama possum…let it go back home and feed its babies, Wolf-man.” Wolf faithful obeys the command and disappears for a second time into the dark woodlands.
Bat proposes with a battle-like plan. “Easy! We accumulate enough weapons, lure the Riders…here to our secret forest den then ambush, defend, defeat, and conquer…all at once. Then we win, get all the bite-nats…and get back home to….”
“Hey, look at my pike axe.” Atoka displays with a proud timbre, wiping the rabbit blood from her cheekbone, expressing. “Mine’s got a pretty fur brown coat to compliment the Navy paint.”
Rusk examines. “Good job, Atoka. As long as the tip point is sharp, it works. Not that easy Bat to accumulate weapons. I scouted about five clicks from our present position, found only those fourteen rabbits and saw some climbing squirrels but they were too high into the trees without using a set of arrows or shotguns. Remember, Riders are seeking the same groups of rabbits and squirrels as their bite-nats weapons along with us since Baycliff gots the same knowledge of bite-nats and maybe some of the other Riders. Don’t get any birds, either...”
“What about snakes?” Wolf asks, returning empty handed from the woodlands.
Rusk lectures. “Death reflexes, ya end up fanged before fried with their mental thought waves.” Teen laughter rings against the rock.
“Glad you pointed out that fatal flaw before I fended me a foul…,.” Wolf dumps, squatting to design a new weapon of rabbit-pike axe like Atoka’s while he steals one of the free hopping bunnies from Jellico’s hands.
Bat fondly barks with an unfriendly tone. “Shut it, Wolf-man! Out of rabbits, squirrels. No birds. No snakes. No o’possums. So…what’s left?”
“Your wits.” Taffy inputs with an un-happy alto.
“I’m in deep puppy poop-poop.” Jellico softly comments, sadly, petting her single bunny.
Taffy marches around her team of South Beach Bandits. “Rusk has given us a set of very good instructions as well as being an excellent weapons instructor. Now, we scout for more bunnies or critters and come back within thirty minutes then we will paint our body armor and we go searching for our prey to end the day and then….we go back home as victors.” Teen cheers echo against the rocks.
[:)  10:10am. Rabbit hole. Woodlands.  Taffy wanders around the tall Evergreen trees, scraping her boots over the mushy green moss, dark Hunter green bushes, and red, pink, purple, and yellow wildflowers used as a source of feed and fun for hopping bunnies, and follows by Rusk.
He stops suddenly then nosily sniffs with a set of inflamed nostrils then walks tens paces and stops then sniffs as Taffy moseys around more low bearing bushes, concluding. “No rabbits…here. Any there, Rusk?” Rusk stands slightly above Taffy being six-feet and four-inches to her five feet and nine-inches then nosily inhales grabbing forcefully Taffy and doll spins her around to face him.
He violently sniffs her brown hair as Taffy giggles and reacts with the funny movement. “No technique, Rusk?” Rusk leans into her neck and sniffs then shifts his skull to the opposite side of her throat then smells with his nostril, moving to her pink soft lips as Taffy inquires with a silly smile. “Are you going to kiss me, Rusk?” She grins with a toothy smile then giggles.
Rusk talks and ponders with deep mental thoughts. “Ya smell…sweet…like a cup of honeysuckle juice.” Taffy grins with a toothy smile then bats her eyelashes with flirtatious gesture at Rusk as he eye burns her right anterior arm, grabbing tenderly and narrows his eyelids and touches the colored funky art work. “Lilac bite-nats…from the broken tube?”
“I didn’t find the tube only fragments of the glass with about 99% of the paint splashed onto the honeysuckles….” Rusk slams his eyelids upright then parts his lips widely with surprise as Taffy replays. “I didn’t touch the painted honeyberries being afraid that I might turn into one.” Taffy giggles as Rusk nods his skull in silence then she continues. “I used a tree twig and splattered tiny drops of the bite-nats onto my arm. I couldn’t waste any of the precious paint. It supposed to be a flash blade but looks more like a flash claw hammer or…something funnier. Do ya like, Rusk?” Taffy smiles, cocking her skull sideways.
Rusk talks and touches her painted arm. “Hmm! I’m guessing that the bite-nats must’ve absorbed some of the nectar juice since they’re dumb and only conform. Then, the Lilac paints onto your skin must’ve absorbed both the color and the smell in a newly formed bite-nats drawing.” He eye burns her, talking seriously. “Ya smell…like sweet honeyberries, Taffy.”
“I guess that’s better than the mushy gross tree moss that stuff smells like day old bread, do ya think?”
“Taffy, I sniffed ya from behind your skull which was about twenty feet away from me. I guess them honeysuckles are some American type with a set of yellow blooming flowers.” Taffy nods her skull in silence acceptance then he continues. “Well, I guessed right. They are really the heavily scented and strong type of honeyberries. The smell attracts bees, butterflies, and birds for the pollination.” He holds his hands in the air, dictating to her. “Stay there, Taffy! Let’s try something!” He moves ten feet from her position then swings his body around to face the opposite direction with his back muscles viewing Taffy and he commands. “Taffy, I’m going to close my eyeballs. You move around in a different direction so I can try to ya.”
“Track me, Rusk? We don’t have time for fun and games.” Taffy parks her finger pads on her waist, arguing boldly.
“Taffy, please, just scoot around the forest, humor me. Okay?” Taffy tosses her arms into the air then two-steps to the east around three set of Oak trees then green moss bed and one green plant bush then she stops and stands as Rusk announces and finger points with his hand to the east. “East, you are east of me. Move again, Taffy.” She presents duck lips, ugly then shakes her skull side to side and obeys his command.
Taffy back traces her boot heels and tip toes to the west away from the trees, moss, and Rusk then stands in place as Rusk updates, finger pointing his hand to the west. “West.” Taffy parts her lips, widely, and slams her eyelashes upright, tapping gently more to the west passing across Rusk’s path then Rusk announces, finger points in the opposite direction to Taffy. “West still you are still moving toward the west.”
Taffy wraps her arms around her vest, strolling quietly in the south direction then hides behind the Oak tree as Rusk sniffs his nostrils then announces. “South. You’re upwind, Taffy.” Taffy two-steps around more trees, and bushes, moving continuously to the south then heads towards the west then suddenly stops directly behind the tree which positions in the north geographical map of the woodlands then she hears stiff footfalls as Rusk appears from her right. Rusk. Talks in a flat monotone with screwed eyebrows, ugly and announces. “North. I can sniff ya, honey bun.”
Rusk grabs her arm, pulling Taffy into his naked chest from the tree, hugging closetly and whispering softly into her left eardrum. “Let’s wipe the paint off since the bite-nats absorbed the odor. That should eliminate the scent. Okay?” Taffy nods her skull in silence acceptance as they march around the bushes, picking a smooth spot thicket of wet leaves and squat together on kneecaps while she rubs the wetness onto her arms, smearing the Lilac paints then Rusk rubs more wet leaves and completely remove the final coating of bite-nats Lilac paint as Taffy stands beside him.
Rusk nosily sniffs his inflamed nostrils above her brown skull, moving his sensitive nose to her earlobe then neck, collar bone, upper arm then retreats his nose in the opposite direction smelling her left upper arm back to her left earlobe, announces. “Ya smell like sweet honeysuckles.” He can read her mind and see the moist eyeballs showing fear and fright as she shakes her skull side to side while Rusk concludes. “Same amount of odor. I guess, honey the honeysuckle nectar has absorbed into your human skin like a floral perfume probably have to wear off like a berry stain…in a couple of days.”
Taffy yells in a piccolo soprano at him. “Couple of days? We hunt…now. I can’t hunt with the team. I’ll get them hurt…or worse killed. Riders will smell me then track me like a fox hound…before they even see me.” Taffy nervously back steps her boot heels from Rusk as she decides. “I have to hunt…alone, Rusk.”
Rusk counters quickly. “We hunt with buddies for protection and success. You’re my buddy, Taffy. Nothin’ changes that.” He pulls her close into his chest then wraps protectively his warm steel biceps around her shaky body, whispering softly. “We are together in this from…the beginning…to the end, Taffy. I promise that we will win. We wait it out. McCamy and my Daddy are coming…on their way, honey bun. We just survive for a few more hours.” He pulls back from her body and eye burns her pretty face then tenderly kisses her forehead then nose tip and finally his soft lips finds her softer lips, kissing for a few seconds then they emerge and Rusk proposes as he smile. “Smile, okay.” Taffy shows some white toothies as she cracks a tiny sliver of pink flesh on her mouth with Rusk complimenting. “Good girl! When we got back home in South Beach, we’ll have us a wild rodeo with pony rides, BBQ, and a horse show. I like watching Hixson’s Tennessee Walker’s since them horses are pretty and elegant dance steppers…like you, Taffy pudding.” He kisses her soft lips for a second time then they surface as he smiles with a goofy grin and recalls. “Jellico called your that cute nickname…Taffy pudding…sweet and smooth…tasting.”
“You…,” Taffy smiles with an innocent grin then blinks her eyelashes once, twice then thrice, cocking her skull sideways at Rusk then talks. “I…must…” She jerks her eyeballs to the left upon seeing the slight movement and names. “Rabbit?” She jerks her eyeballs back to Rusk, plotting. “I know how to get more weapons for the Bandits. I can use my sweet odor to attract the prey and you can catch them while they sniff my honeysuckle body.”
Taffy swiftly shifts her body low on the grass towards the innocent hopping rabbit and watches it disappear into the rabbit hole. She immediately lays down her body horizontally on her back muscles upon the wet grass then quietly waits, and impatiently sees the tops of white fuzzy upright bunny ears then the entire white furry body appears. Hop. Hop. Hop. It stops beside her smelly arm as Taffy quickly grabs the scruff of its neck, transferring it to the other side of body as Rusk lays his body horizontally on his stomach, cuddling the bunny into his chest as they repeat the scientific procedure until the entire family is captured.
[:o 11:21am. 67ºF. Battle. Broken wall. North geography. Taffy and Rusk tense as they round the columns of broken brick clay, seeing the quick action while they squats and observe.
Brazoria wears a set of emerald sharp vertical pikes from the top of her shoulders down to her wrists over a yellow leathery scales pattern painted onto her personal and creative body armor, appearing much like a funky T-rex. She raises the green and yellow javelin-like weapon in the air then plummets into the ground while missing the target then she surprisingly startles as her weapon sticks into the thick concrete slab.
Jellico gallops to her left away from T-rex-mask that contains mean Brazoria as Taffy quickly sprints from her sitting position then swiftly kneecaps onto the grass and draws her Navy blue rabbit-spear, dashing for the rescue of Jellico.
Brazoria kicks the javelin with her boot then curses as she neck snaps her skull and sees running Jellico then pivots towards her missed enemy who slowly strides in tall cowgirl boots in the same direction as Taffy leaps, T-rex from her tiptoes, wiggling her body air-borne like a flying kite then lands on the right walking calf of Brazoria.
Brazoria stumbles, tumbles, and falls on her elbows, saving her pretty face from injury then sneers and neck snaps her skull to the surprise attacker and uprights her body, galloping swiftly after both Taffy and Jellico. Taffy cuddles Jellico into her arms as they shift their bodies left towards the opening of broken partials of concrete white walls as Brazoria roars like a female lioness in both angry and pain. Jellico suddenly stops as Taffy twirls her body around, seeing Brazoria holstering a second javelin in her hand while Taffy holds horizontally her spear, blocking the anticipated strike.
Jellico panics with fear then two-steps her body right and right, fleeing towards the intersected partial broken and partial upright concrete wall with no escape as Taffy twirls her spear sideways, aiming vertical directly at Brazoria’s black heart.
Brazoria grins with a wicked smile, rearing her arm holding the javelin at Taffy as Bat forcefully grabs Taffy and jerks her behind him for safety then Brazoria neck snaps her skull at Jellico and re-aims, and runs like a jet fighter, tossing the deadly javelin though the back muscle of Jellico impaling her heart muscle. Jellico scarecrows her body into the upright wall and bleeds from her nose, ears, mouth, and chest, dripping red liquid onto the white concrete as Taffy cries with pain and sorrow behind Bat’s body.
Rusk rolls his folded tall body forward, squatting then pivots around the body and grabs green and brown colored Gator by his nostrils, jerking Gator’s body forward ahead of Rusk as Gator rolls onto his skull then Gator uprights. Gator shakes the swirling dizziness from his head then charges like a speeding train with the red squirrel-pike axe, missing then twirls the axe and swings at Rusk’s skull and misses for a second time.
Rusk draws the spear, twirling like a majorette baton, and circles Gator, jabbing at his right arm, hitting it and drawing blood then repeats his successful dance movements. He circles the enemy then jabs at Gator’s left leg then circles and jabs at Gator’s right leg then circles and jabs at other unprotected painted green body parts as Gator swings the twin pike axes like a pair of boxing fists. Gator misses Rusk then swings the axes while repeating his unsuccessful dance steps as Rusk jabs at Gator’s naked rib cage once, twice then thrice, penetrating the heart muscle.
Gator tumbles backward, landing his kneecaps then his shoulder and finally his skull with his eyelids open as the invisible body screams in her alto clarinet behind Rusk’s back. “Nooo!”
Taffy falls sideway lands on her right shoulder against the hard rough concrete, seeing Bat battle dance with Lion as Lion wears a yellow bite-nats mask of brown flaming mane protecting his skull, face, and neck along with bright yellow spiked hairy armor from Lion’s chest down to his waist and to his wrists with a pair of brown spiked gloves.
Lion charges with the single green squirrel-pike axe, missing Bat then he gracefully dances to the right, missing Bat for a second time then two-steps to the right for a third round and missing Bat. Bat ducks his body low, jabbing his spear at Lion’s ankles, missing then flies the spear high, jabbing the weapon at Lion’s chest, missing.
Lion swings the pike axe at Bat’s skull, missing but connects with broken wall, then jerks the pike axe from wall, grinning with a wickedly smile and swings his weapon at the wall, connecting then viciously jerks the axe when they hear sound of light groans then heavy moans and sees the brick clay break, split, and tumble down onto Bat’s collar bone as Bat squats on kneecaps, protectively covering fallen Taffy on the concrete floor.
Bat and Taffy become buried alive or…maybe dead in the wall fragments as Brazoria joyfully bounces on her toe bones celebrating nosily in alto voice and T-rex body the deaths of the enemies then follows Lion towards the south woodlands location of the forest vacationing spot for the South Beach Bandits.
Taffy loudly yelps and seriously aches from the suddenly impact both body and bricks, coughing roughly for parts of oxygen then mouth spits the clay fragments from her scraped nose and bleeding mouth as she bends and touches the face of a dead human once named mysterious Bat. She kicks her boots and kneecaps away from Bat bleeding blood from her chin, collar bone, and forehead, feeling the developing black and blue bruises across her working arms and legs then she stands and wobbles off balance while she focuses on the distant movement, seeing Rusk in major trouble with his enemy as she limps toward his rescue.
Forest path. Etta jumps, T-rex and accurately lands upon Rusk’s back muscles, wrapping her arms around his neck, cutting the Lilac bite-nats razors deeply into his exposed and naked skin as Rusk painfully cries then slams his body flat onto the grass rolling slowly onto vicious Etta.
She digs the embedded razors deeper into Rusk’s neck, throat, and collar bone as he screams and jerks the shaky spiked pink gloves of Etta from his throat, eagle-spreading his arms and lifts his body from dizzy Etta and bolts upright into the air, skipping gingerly towards the thick forest for hiding and protection. Etta rolls to her side then kneecaps her torso, targeting Rusk’s path while she breathes for oxygen then gallops swiftly for killing of Bandit.
Taffy clears her dizzy mind on the run, dashing around Oak trees, and draws her rabbit-spear, leveling at her collar bone, then intersects with Etta, flinging the sharp tip into Etta’s left eardrum. Etta tilts her body to the right, falling sideways, and lands on her face, dead as Taffy neck snaps her skull and locates injured Rusk, pacing rapidly into the woodlands.
Rusk kneecaps his body onto the wet grass, applying a handful batch of wet moist green fresh leaves to the wound aching across the nape of the neck to the front of his Adam’s apple, panting heavy and groaning painfully. Taffy slides and halts on her kneecaps at his face, cries. “How bad? Ya bleedin’.”
“I’m tough and rough cowboy, remember honey bun.” Rusk holds the batch of wet leaves to the red cuts, cringing in pain as Taffy picks more leaves from the ground using both her hands as Rusk instructs. “Shake the bugs out, first.” Taffy nods her skull in silence, shuffling the leaves loosely in the air while she examines for more un-friendly wounds from Etta then tenderly places the leaves around his neck. She stands and seeks some vines then returns and works her nursing skulls upon Rusk wrapping the bundles of wet leaves around his throat secured by flowering vines.
“O Christmas tree! O Christmas tree!” Taffy giggles and grins then watches Rusk relax, seating beside him, and tenderly pats his free hand, tattling. “Jellico and Bat and Etta are no more. You got…”
“Gator.” Rusk honestly dumps with some sorrow and grateful for his fighting skills.
Taffy counts on her fingers while she eye burns both hands. “That leaves me, you, Wolf-man, Atoka.” She pauses for drama then adds. “Lion and Brazoria work very well, together.”
Rusk joshes…way too deadly, grunting like a wounded animal. “Do you expect any less from….a Brazilla?” Taffy frowns with twisted lips, ugly as he incompletes. “We’re still evenly matched with me, you, Wolf-man against Lion, Brazoria…” He does complete, electing not to say the proper noun Baycliff then pauses for drama and adds softly. “Since…Pemona doesn’t seem much of a warrior fighter. The weakest always go first. That’s the way of life.” Taffy nods her skull up and down in silence acceptance.
[:o  11:36 am. Battle. Rider hideout. Tree. East. Atoka crouches her body against the Oak tree, holding her blue rabbit-pike axe in both her hands, and readies for the action, eye gleaming each bush, tree, soil for any type of boot prints. She decides the landscape is clear and stands, galloping to the next Oak tree, squatting behind tree for protection then eye gleams each bush, tree, soil for any type of boot prints.
She decides the pathway is clear, standing and dashing the next trees then hears the bird screeching in the wind while feeling the pain along her neck then falls flat upon her face onto the wet grass. Atoka rolls her body towards the skyline then stops on her back muscles, clearing the dizzy mind, and sees pink Dino-mask with a green javelin in her left finger pads as the enemy hovers over her.
“Kill her?” The invisible body voices in deep bass clarinet with a deadly ting.
Dino/Pemona shakes her brown hair side to side as her soft hair flutters across her shoulders then she limps her tall body backwards and eye burns spread-eagle Atoka, talking softly in soprano piccolo. “I can’t. I won’t. I’m hurt. I hurt my ankle falling from the tree. It’s too high. I wanna go back home to South Beach. I don’t wanna win, nothing too boot.”
Brazoria forcefully jerks the green javelin from Pemona’s shaky hand as the bite-nats morph into a dead green and yellow Coral snake then she soldierly pivots and draws her own green and yellow javelin from her rear pouch around her shoulder, marching straight towards Atoka. Brazoria swiftly stabs into her heart muscle, watching Atoka spasm then jolt and jerk then die with her last breath as Brazoria laughs and pivots her T-rex bite-nats body towards Pemona.
“This ain’t no game, Heroine. We win. We die. We choose.” Brazoria kneecaps and bad breathes upon Pemona, seeing the delicate pic as she voices staccato in baby-talk. “Ah! Is the little pink Dinosaur crying egg-shaped tears?” Brazoria stands and mouth spits her salvia on the soil, reassuring. “Almost over, Pemona. You can go back home without breaking your elegant manicured finger nails along with the one single prized tube of bite-nats.” She rotates her neck muscles around the quiet forest, parking spiked gloves on her hips then shouts. “Where’s that lazy jack-hole…”
“Yo!” Baycliff loudly hollers and manly struts from the east direction, carrying an orange gourd of clear spring water, wearing brown shimmery armor from his chest down to his wrist then up  to his waist under the unzipped black vest, smiling innocently at nothing. Baycliff suddenly stops and eye burns dead Atoka then crying Dino/Pemona and moves his glaze upon grinning Lion then finally eye balls sizzling T-rex/Brazoria. He shuffles to Pemona, first offering friendly in his baritone trombone. “Water.” She accepts the gourd, sipping delicately with her pink lips washing the bite-nats paint on her face.
Brazoria smirks then sneers and smiles while talking dangerously. “Reporting to ya, leader. Four confirmed and dead Bandits.” She judges and watches Baycliff as Pemona returns the gourd, rubbing her injured ankle from the tree fall. Baycliff drinks deeply from the used gourd then walks to Lion, offering the water. Lion accepts as Baycliff shuffles to the log, parking his bee_hind and eye burns fuming Brazoria while she boasts. “I got Jellico speared through the heart. Atoka speared through the heart, too. Lion splattered the brick wall on Bat and Taffy pudding-girl.” Baycliff sits calmly and listens as she updates. “We left Etta literally riding that other cowboy what’s his name…McCamy with her razors cutting his Adam’s apple. Gator’s with her probably finished the dirty deed…by now.” Brazoria smiles with a wickedly grin then inquires. “That’s your friend, right, Leader?” Baycliff continues to sit calmly on the log as Lion hands off the water gourd to her while Brazoria drinks deeply, standing upright on the ground then shallows the cool liquid and adds. “That leaves the Bandits down with one. That smart-hole named Wolf. She slowly waltzes to Baycliff, handing off the gourd, and ordering to her leader. “I suggest we split up, cover the woodlands, finish this, didn’t ya think, Leader?” Baycliff nods his skull in silence as Brazoria soldierly pivots her T-rex body and moves towards north, commanding. “Injured and useless pink baby Dino stays here. Pemona, wait for Etta and Gator. Lion and I will scout west since we just came from the north with Gator and Etta. So, Leader…you can scout south. Good!”
She and Lion climb together over the fallen tree logs towards north as Baycliff stands, shuffling to Pemona, and decides to find Wolf out of concern and worry, inquiring. “You, okay?”
Pemona softly mews. “She took my weapon.”
“Here, give them water. Peace offering.” Baycliff hands over the gourd then soldierly pivots to the south towards the honeysuckle fields looking for the Bandits.
[:)  11:47am. Battle. Creek water. West. Rusk completely dunks his skull down to his aching neckline into smooth flowing fresh creek water and doesn’t breathe, feeling the relief from the sweat, the bugs and the pain. He re-emerges, and breathes oxygen, allowing the cool water to pour from his face down his shoulders washing away the bite-nats paint. Taffy acts as nurse, and re-bandages with a bundle of fresh wet green leaves and pretty flowering vines around his pink and red raw tiny cuts while thanking the goodness that Etta is small female with short arms.
Taffy croaks with a motherly ping. “Is that better, Rusk? The cuts aren’t too deep but numerous. She got ya mostly around the side of your neck and throat. Vampires’ll be jealous from your blood loss.” Rusk chuckles sitting on kneecaps, drinking the creek water from his palms into his lips as Taffy storytells. “Kinda like the time you broke that two-year old filly for saddle riding. She bucked her hind legs, lifted like a helicopter on her four hooves then slammed ya into the barn wall, twice. You hung on!”
Rusk grins with a toothy smile, dragging the water over his neck as Taffy narrates. “She was mad and mean and wanted to stay single and riderless, forever. Ya looked like a rag doll, bouncing and tossing left then right and sideways. I bet your brain cells rotated 180 degrees.” Rusk grins with a toothy smile, grunting like a wounded animal from his cuts as she replays. “Snot-holes McCamy and Baycliff laughin’, spittin’, and cheerin’ on the filly.” Taffy giggles with a girly ting.
Taffy confesses. “I pushed Tulu off the fence railing…on purpose….so McCamy dropped off for the rescue.” Rusk smiles then grunts lightly at the mental pic while Taffy proclaims. “I don’t dare pop them boys with fists, branches, or cowboy hats…even in playtime. McCamy bites back and Baycliff stings.” Taffy giggles and mentally thinks that the farming life is hard and makes you hard or you don’t survive. “Ya did fine without the racket of them boys. Then, that fine filly finaled by galloping full speed toward the barbed wire…like she was going to jump…can’t inside the barn corral…came to a dead stop…her soft muzzle inches from that steel wire…” Taffy giggles then continues. “You tumbled beautifully over her mane and skull, bounced off the barbed wire and landed in the thorn bushes. I was worried, ya know.  Came to your rescue, ya remember. You were bleedin’ and beaten….kinda like now.” Rusk frowns with a set of twisted lips, ugly then smiles at her as Taffy holds and squeezes his wet hands with her sweet smile and she compliments. “We’re doing good.…ya know, so far.” Taffy eye burns the quiet forest, suggesting. “We should head south, find Wolf-man and Atoka…tell them…”
Rusk eye burns the creek water, announcing wildly in her right eardrum. “I love you, Taffy.” Taffy eye gleams his baby blue eyes as he smiles and expresses with passion. “I thought you should know. I mean I wanted you to know. I’ll like for you to know…how I feel. I don’t know what going to happen…later.” He swallows the bile inside his throat then continues. “When we…get back home to South Beach, me and you need to talk about stuff…us together…okay?” He smiles as Taffy smiles and tenderly kisses his wet lips then Rusk suggests. “I guess I should talk to your Daddy, first…or your Mama. Who wears the pants in your family, Taffy?” She giggles with a girly tone and turns strawberry red on her smiling face.
“Cowboy…he’s alive, Lion.” Brazoria shouts and rudely finger points at Rusk from the land mass across the creek water which is about fifty feet from Rusk and Taffy.
Taffy stands on her booted feet as Rusk leaps, kitten-like upon his boots then surges his body into creek water, and plans an intersection with Lion’s face with his fist. Taffy runs to the left, heading south while Brazoria leaps, kitten-like to the right, heading south and parallels Taffy on land between a wide stream of deep fresh water.
Rusk splashes water into the tall cowboy boots up to his kneecaps, intending dangerous bodily harm to Lion as Lion swiftly gallops over short ankle-high wet grass then leaps, kitten-like into creek, marching wet boots and kneecaps, pumping his biceps in air, and sways his body towards Rusk then Lion disappears totally from the air.
Rusk suddenly stops, blinking his eyelids once, twice then thrice, and eye burning his boots in creek water then returns his eyeballs to the flowing water minus Lion and understands the land geology. Lion has hit a drop-off of land, dunking his fully physical body under the creek water as Rusk neck snaps his skull towards the south geographical plane where the creek water runs-off into a larger body of water….probably pond or lake.
Lion surfaces from the water, coughing then breathing then coughing and yells at Rusk while he grunts and swims in the deep creek water then belly crawls like an animal from the water hole on fours (palms and boots). He splashes like a puppy dog through the reminding shallow water and solid rock then Lion slowly stands before Rusk completely wet, clean and gleaming without the bite-nats paint.
Lion possesses blonde hair, a pair of pale rippled muscles of arm biceps and a stack of six-pack abs, striping off his wet vest sneering lovingly at Rusk, and motions with his free hand for rumble, and bending at his kneecaps for the fight. Rusk smirks with a crooked lip, left enjoying the fist-to-lips maneuver over the stupid rabbit-spears, and likes to see bloody nostrils and more bloody earlobes, splashing his body through the wet mud puddles slowly towards Lion, with his folded fists in the air.
Lion throws his fist into left upper cut, missing Rusk’s face then tosses his fist with a right hook, missing Rusk’s jaw line then Lion kicks a boot toe at Rusk’s kneecap, missing. Lion slams a right fist, connecting to Rusk’s cheekbone as Rusk dips his body to the right then jerks his body back to the left and back steps slowly from Lion in the water waves. Rusk balances his swaying body by opening his arms in a spread-eagle formation that provides a beautiful target for Lion then Rusk painfully feel Lion’s right fist into his left rib cage, swaying to the right from Lion, and holds the aching ribs, grunting like a wounded beast.
Lion poses like a prancing prize fighter, joshing playfully. “Get me a tendon…let’s try for three…” Lion swings his fist channeling the power up through his midsection and into his upper body, throwing the single fist at Rusk’s right rectus abdominis. Ya hit a rib, it stings temporally. Ya hit a steel muscle, it holds…permanently. That’s the secret to manly strength. Pow!
Rusk laughs with a hardy tone barking at his little doggie friend because he feels nothing against his eight-pack abs. “I’m taut and tight, fool.” Rusk slams his right fist into Lion’s eardrum then returns his left fist into Lion’s jaw line, noting that Lion only possess a six-pack abs.
The rectus abdominis is one long sheet of muscle running horizontally across three tendons holding the male muscle in place over his intestines displaying the infamous abdomen eight-pack, not six-pack. Lion displays only six-pack abs which means he has a weak tendon of fat that runs across the bottom row of his rectus abdominis which causes the weak muscles to flex brilliantly with a purposeful pain.
Rusk smirks with a crooked lips, left then accurately aims his fist and connects beautifully to bottom line of weak abs then steps away as Lion violently cringes then prettily curls into a tiny kitten, dropping his body like a rock into the shallow creek water while Lion weakly mews. Rusk observes the still little weak homo sapien in the water noting that the teen won’t drown just get his ears wet then he chuckles and stops, rotating his neck muscles around the landscape then body spins his frame around in a complete searching for Taffy.
Rusk recalls she was heading south towards the honeysuckle fields, trucking his boot heels south very swiftly.
[:o  Battle. Tree. East. 12:02pm. Pemona sighs then breathes lightly as she stretches her leg and ankle towards the pretty batch of yellow flowers, feeling better that both Brazoria is temporally gone and her feet isn’t permanently injured. She guesses within my soul that’s she more frightened than hurt, wishing beyond the stars that she was heading back home as she eye burns poor dancer Atoka.
Pemona inhales then exhales, heavy, rotating her neck muscles around the quiet green forest, showing no sight of Etta or Gator or Etta and Gator, drinking heavily from gourd, and feels sad then mentally performs the think object: flash blade.
Pemona instantly feels the cool steel hugging her right palm down to her wrist bone, lying about the weapon to Baycliff and fearing about Brazoria for life by using the last tiny teardrops of the pink bite-nats from the smallest tube offered by Director Hico. She has etches a baby knife which might just save her life, smiling then nodding her skull once and deciding to find Baycliff.
Baycliff is South Beach…like her and will protect her from Brazoria’s violence and Lion’s angry, standing and walking swiftly while carrying the empty gourd in left palm with the baby flash blade hidden inside her right palm…just in case.
[:o  Battle. Pond. West. 12:03pm. Brazoria suddenly stops, eye burn scared-cat Taffy across the smooth pond water then eye burns the pond which is fed by the uphill streams, trapping her on the other side of the land mass then curses softly, sloshing her cowgirl boots into cold water. Brazoria swims using hands, arms, feet, and legs, washing cleanly the yellow and green bite-nats paint from her throat to her toenails, losing the dead snake-javelins as well but…still has got her T-rex-mask and T-rex-thorny crown, emerging upright wet, wild, and wanting to kill something….
[:o  Battle. Thorns. South. 12:07pm. Taffy runs without stopping and pants with shallow breathes while once in a while glancing behind her right shoulder for the present Brazoria and absent Rusk.
Taffy feels great about the short victory over mean Brazoria and slowly walking while snipping large amounts of oxygen for her tired body and tight lungs, surveying the forest line and recognizes her dubbed landscape as the “Thorn Forest.” She sits on the log, massaging her aching calves, thighs, and rib cage from the intense jogging, jumping, and stumbling over the forest obstacles while she examines her arms which still covers of 80% of bite-nats black paint, and views the clothing with small rips and tears. She decides that overall both items of body and paint are good enough in case of another teen battle then she checks her bite-nats weapons pouch counting her inventory: two rabbit-spears.
Taffy hears a faint sound then neck snaps her skull to the left, desiring Rusk’s company, and prays he’s okay, noting there is no sight of Brazoria but she’s probably has crossed pond pathing toward Taffy with Brazoria’s T-rex costume since bite-nats hates water, washing it clean and shiny. She neck snaps her skull to the right at the Thorn Forest, and recalls an open clearing of meadow grass, then prettily sight of gigantic fields of thousands of honeyberries. She feels her stomach growl since its close to lunchtime then neck snaps her skull to the Nature Forest then returns her skull and eyeballs back to the Thorn Forest. She searches for protection within the thicker natural green leaf brushes and bushes for camouflage, and doesn’t want to be exposed in open clearing without Rusk, deciding to explore the new area, hiding her body and sucking on the sweet juices of honeyberries for strength and energy while she watches for her hero Rusk.
Taffy swiftly stands, trotting to the honeysuckle fields which edge the line of green bushes.
Pemona walks, walks, and walks, not familiar with the forest pathway then stumbles, recovers, stumbles, recovers and suddenly stops, viewing the color of beauty. She cautiously strolls to the beauty, rotating her neck muscles for the other mean teens, guessing this is a good trap for an ambush while she eye burns the lovely Rose Garden planted in the middle of a forest, assuming this to be a very strange phenomena.
Pemona stands, twisting her lips, funny then rotates her neck muscles around the woody floor while noting there’s no sight of nice or mean teens then strolls three steps, dropping the gourd to grass and leans carefully into first bush of full blooming Cabbage yellow roses, touching gingerly the soft silky petals, smiling innocently at the tender gesture that reminds her of home in South Beach with her parents and baby sister.
Folks plant rose flowers under windows, at doors, and around dirt spots of their home to defend against pesky wandering critters like o’possums and rabbits invading the fresh grown garden vegetables plants and fruit trees. Pemona holds the single flower, cutting the stem with her baby flash blade, smelling the sweet fruity scent, closing her eyelashes and enjoys the beautiful comforting prettily moment. She opens her eyelashes, squatting on kneecaps and cuts the sharp prickles from the Rose stem, twirling the smooth flower in the air as Pemona lays the pruned rose inside the empty gourd, then cuts another live stem from the orange Dog rose, duplicating her maneuver, while she hums musically.
Rusk swiftly gallops, jerking and junking around the tall trees, low bushes, fallen logs, then suddenly stops and narrows his eyelids, seeing a slight motion in the far distance with his excellent 20/15 eyeballs. He recognizes the brown-haired and tall girl then crinkles his forehead, ugly noting Pemona is chopping down the entire Rose Garden for some odd reason then chuckles while shrugging his shoulders once and decides to “let her be.” He veers a wide right towards the dense forest then an open clearing, recalling the electronic map that the honeysuckle fields lay south, getting close, and guesses Taffy is here, waiting for him.
Rusk swiftly runs like a jet fighter into the honeysuckle field.
[:o  Battle. Honeysuckle field. 12:17pm. Baycliff sees the tall blonde bronze male, ducking his skull below the large plant bushes then peeks his eyeballs over the thick plant leaves, viewing a tall blonde bronze male which guesses if it is Lion? Wolf? Gator? Rusk?
Kodare is brilliant beyond brilliant recruiting dancers will all the same physical features of six feet plus height with wide board shoulders, blonde short cropped hair, and tanned golden brown using the bite-nats paint. They all look the same during the dance competition except for the silly bite-nats creature masks.
Then, luck of the Riders, Lion rewards his team with the only brown bite-nats tube from the pallet, ordering all the boys covered in the tanned brown armor much similar to Rusk’s skin tone. Baycliff can’t figure out if this is a foe or friend, grunting softly in wounded animal sounds spying from the bushes as the tanned male studiously stares into the fields of honeyberries. He soldierly stands, narrowing his eyelids, and recognizes the stance.
Taffy dangerous stalks the faint sounds ahead of her eyeballs, seeing the tall blonde and bronze teen and his weapon in hand, not painted orange like Wolf as she rushes at Baycliff, smacking his red squirrel-pike axe from his folded finger pads. She swiftly launches her body upon his back holding his fists as they fall sideways and rumble around on the grass like a cut tree log.
Taffy stops the rolling then lands on top of his chest, de-masking her black paint and smirk with the victory as Baycliff lays flat against the ground then nosily gasps for air from the descending assault and deceiving asset. Taffy swiftly covers Baycliff’s mouth and lips with her cupped hand, and mountain peaks at exiting Rusk towards the open clearing the she chin whips her face to snorting Baycliff, snarling with a nasty along with her deadly threat. “Ya plan on hurting Rusk ’cause I plan on harming you, snot-hole.” Baycliff stills with a quiet reaction then Taffy leans into his face and sweet breathes onto Baycliff’s cheekbone, releasing her hand over his soft pink lips.
“Taffy?!” Baycliff whispers with shock and surprise.
“Thought me dead….man, ya got some wild vivid imaginations…or Brazoria does.” Taffy giggles as Baycliff bucks his body like a rodeo bronco stallion as Taffy slides her body to the right onto the dry grass, explaining. “Rusk is…”
Baycliff passionately kisses her lips while wrapping warm steel muscles around her shaky body, hugging closetly that she can’t talk as he pulls back from the embrace, holding tenderly her cheekbones with ten finger pads, whispering meekly into her face. “I love you, Taffy.” He quickly hugs her for a second time so happy to see her alive and breathing then warns. “But…ya can’t be here, honey bell? Too dangerous for the both of us! Run and find Rusk…that way.” He finger points to the left in the direction that Rusk just scooted towards and orders firmly. “Get now! Stay safe. Happy to see ya…alive and well, honey bell. This is ending soonest. I promise. I’ll find Brazoria and Lion….” He lets the deadly words linger in the air while hissing like a snake then commands. “You find Wolf and Rusk…” He thinks quickly and instructs. “Meet here…just wait for us to return…then, we all will end this….together. Okay?”
Taffy nods her skull in silence with mixed emotions of happiness, fear, and passion as they both swiftly stand.  Baycliff tenderly kisses her lips, hugging sweetly then pushes her away from him towards the honeysuckle fields, watching her dash away safely into clearing and searching for Rusk.
The shadow body rushes blind-sided Baycliff as they both land hard upon the grass while Baycliff crawls on fours (palms and boot toes) forward from his assailant, flipping onto his elbows, viewing snot-hole Rusk. Baycliff shuffles onto his bee_hind with hands parked on bent kneecaps, twisting his lips, ugly as Rusk greets with goofy smile then offer with a mysteriously tone. “Say it! Taffy was smart splitting us apart…right, Baycliff? So we…three can try to figure what’s going on, here?”
Baycliff parts his lips open then eye burns the grass and returns his eyeballs back to Rusk. “Fooled me, bro!”
“Hard not to fool a snot-hole…but like your fur glove, thro…trade ya, some rabbit tainted spears for this beautifully hand crafted axe spike.”  Rusk lifts the red pike axe as it de-masks into the dead brown squirrel while Baycliff snorts.
“Confirmed dead?” Baycliff wants to learn new plot since the real South Beach Bandits are united for the battle.
“Too many! Let’s see if I get it right,…(counts on finger pads )….Etta, Gator, Jellico, Bat, not me, and not Taffy.” Rusk rotates his neck muscles around the thicket of green bushy leaves, explaining. “She’s here. So be very carefully or I’ll be very mad.” Baycliff nods his skull in silence in agreement then Rusk continues. “Ain’t eye birded Atoka in a while, not good sign?”
“Dead.” Baycliff shakes his skull sideways. 
“Dang!” Rusk shakes his skull sideways and offers. “Me and my wounds barely just have survived both alive Lion and nasty Brazoria and then there’s probably breathing Wolf. That boy’s both a stupid and lucky son of a gun.”
“Picked the right side, didn’t he?” Baycliff stupidly teases, grinning with a toothy smile at the defection to Taffy’s Bandit team while he’s leader of the wrong side in the battle.
“Javelins are deformed puke green…like Hixson’s vomit after beer.” Rusk updates.
Baycliff brilliantly substitutes. “Brazilla! Brazoria paints green on her and her snakes. I’m killing that bitch…last. Soooo, what’s going on here, Rusk? Taffy likes to play musical chairs around them chocolate cakes, ‘cause she can’t figure out which one she wants to lick the icing off…first.” He twists his lips, funny while eye burning Rusk who just smiles.
“Came to you for answers, man…share them?” Rusk retorts with a shocking ting.
“Me!” Baycliff mice-squeaks in alto tenor.
Rusk rumbles in his sexy baritone trombone. “Baycliff, ya always get that sappy look on your face when you’re lying and holding duds at five-card poker. Spit in ten words or less, ‘cause my excellent hearing senses some major trouble…south by southwest.”
Baycliff screws his eyebrows, funny then clicks his tongue with a staccato pattern of works rapidly. “South, Beach, land, dead, folks, bite-nats, stolen, from, caverns.”
Rusk presents duck lips, ugly then counts the math upon his finger pads, commenting. “Stupid jack-hole.” He chuckles and clarifies. “Didn’t mean literally ten English words.”
Baycliff grins with a toothy smile, confessing bravely. “Didn’t know if bite-nats counted as one, or two words. Anyways, I found out that Apprenticeship’s a dud…fake and phony just like me and Taffy thought all along in addition to that baddie new. Hico recruits teens then murders them along with their parents and guardians for the past four years faking them re-location employment perks throughout Metro City Birmingham. Get this! The specific teens targeted are all from South Beach for…”
Rusk cocks sideways skull, fights within his emotions of angry and pain. “Bite-nats. Everything’s about bite-nats. Ya know, years ago, I overheard Daddy talk about sealing them cavern…permanently for this very one-sided purpose. Can’t do that…of course. Caverns feed the fusions while fusions feed the oxygen, and oxygen feeds….”
Baycliff swiftly injects, shaking his hand. “I gots the science lesson, Rusk. Another thing, Hico and his dead teens are planning to travel straight into South Beach…like a funeral parade with other colonists from North Ridge Mountains, Grand Canyon Rockers, and Swampland stinky seas off the coast of once-known South Carolina. Hico is going to start World War IV with…us, South Beachers.”
Rusk moves from his bee_hind position to the kneecap pose, and readies for his swift travel back home to South Beach, calling. “Gotta tell, Daddy. Get help!” Baycliff slams his hands against Rusk’s collar bone, holding him forcefully down to the grass, again with a sappy mug as Baycliff’s eyeballs meet a new movement to the left along the honeysuckle field.
“Not yet!” Baycliff neck snaps his skull to the left, hearing more piccolo sounds then returns his eyeballs back to Rusk, commanding. “Stay here! I go around them thorns. We attack from both sides….end this silly battle then prepare for the real War with Dictator Hico.” Rusk nods his skull in silence acceptance as Baycliff slithers on his belly like a snake pathing towards the west backtracking towards Metro City Hall building then his body vanishes out of Rusk’s eyesight.
Pemona babies her arm, holding the batch of prettily de-thorned roses inside the overflowing gourd, staring beautifully at acres of pink, yellow, and red flowered honeysuckle vines pouring over miles of green landscape while she sighs then breathes, deeply, missing the faint whistling sound, and swiftly feels a sharp pain attack her earlobes once the brain stem senses the sensation. Pemona drops the gourd of flowers, bowing at her waist and feeling dizzy in her head and throbbing upon her rear neck muscles and falls gracefully into the bed of soft and sweet honeysuckle leaves while doll spinning and lands flat on her back, viewing the scary T-rex mask.
Brazoria stomps up close and personally at Pemona’s chest, smashing the sweet juices from the stems with her bony kneecaps then leans heavily and bad breathes into Pemona face, offering with a soft alto oboe. “O! Sorry, Pemona! Missed that dang Bandit.” She shows off her colored yellow bite-nats fangs dangling from her puke green lips for fun, clashing with the T-rex green leathery scales, commands dirty in tenor saxophone. “Stay down! Out of harm’s way, dear!”
The cool liquid slides down her sweaty neck muscles onto her bare back, cutting open the skin, allowing her remaining T-rex spikes of yellow bite-nats to disappear from the poured liquid as Brazoria swiftly stands, then soldierly pivots, parting her lips open while slamming her eyelashes upright upon seeing the swinging furry white and smooth Navy blue blur. She slowly feels the stinging pain that attacks her brain cells traveling the neuron spinal cord endings straight into her heart muscle as she hears her own laughter. She slumps her body down into the grass as her kneecaps halts her fall while red blood gathers inside her cupped finger pads. Brazoria stares studiously into outer space as her tall frame tumbles into soft honeysuckles…dead.
Wolf sighs then breathes, deeply, tattling in a nasty baritone. “Bitch murdered my girlfriend. She was my pretty little Dove.” He soldierly pivots, chin whipping his face deeply into his chest, walking away from it all since it’s finally done.
Taffy charges at train speed, heralding her rabbit-spear directly at Pemona’s fallen body as Rusk rushes his pace and blocks his body slapping into Taffy and Taffy’s spear, jerking the weapon from her hand as it de-masks into the dead white rabbit then pitches it into the honeysuckle leaves. Rusk closetly hugs Taffy and expresses with a soft tenor baritone into her right eardrum. “She’s hurt, Taffy. Have some compassion. We gots more important manners to attend with our family in South Beach. Let her be…” Taffy slumps weakly into his chest, sobbing softly as warm steel biceps comfort her excited mental emotions and physical body, feeling both relieve and sadness.
12:30 pm. Honeysuckle field. “Company!” Wolf quickly trots to the cuddling love birds Rusk and Taffy while semi-conscious Pemona lays on the bed of flowers as he pants heavy for oxygen and rudely finger points in directional west. Wolf, Rusk, and Taffy line like baby ducklings in a horizontal row ready to battle against Ant and Wasp in un-matched and un-fair fight using their real killing shotguns.
Ant-mask, angry Baycliff and Wasp-mask march in horizontal row without flute and drum fanfare towards the teens, stopping thirteen feet as Baycliff yelps like a baying bloodhound and rudely finger points directly at Taffy. “You knew?” Ant and Wasp de-mask and reveal smiling Tulu and grinning McCamy as Tulu gallops and hugs tearful Taffy, whispering secret words into Taffy’s surprised face.
Taffy nods her skull in silence against Tulu’s words as Baycliff tattles, continuing to violently jab his index finger directly at Taffy. “Taffy knew…all this time that Tulu and McCamy were being held hostages by Hico. She didn’t tell anyone…not me, not Rusk…not any real cowboy.” Baycliff presents duck lips, ugly then eye burns the grass and returns his eyeballs back to Taffy, reprimanding in a low baritone. “Didn’t you? Have we learned anything important…here? Yes. That family comes first. Our loved ones come first, Taffy…before any of this silly nonsense. If’an I…” He pauses for drama and sighs then breathes, deeply collecting his thoughts, calling. “….we….had only known, we’d have busted them out their sealed cells, and be free out of here…and high-tailed back home to South Beach.” Baycliff snorts invisible steam from his nose and ear holes then chin whips his face deeply into his chest and walks slowly towards the honeysuckle fields.
Rusk neck snaps his skull at Taffy, hollering with both angry and fright in a deadly baritone. “Why didn’t you tell me, Taffy?” He roller balls baby blue pupils deeply into his skull, present duck lips, ugly and expresses with a nasty timbre. “Me…(points at his chest)…you…(points at Taffy)…Baycliff….out here…playing deadly warfare with our lives...for what, Taffy? Their freedom? Wonder if…” McCamy whispers secret words directly into Rusk’s face as Rusk twists his lips, ugly then kicks the dirt with cowboy boots while he chin whips his face deeply into his chest and sighs then breathes, deeply exhausting his fear, fright, flee, and friend.
Taffy soldierly pivots towards the field away from Rusk, Tulu and McCamy, feeling a set of soft hands around her waist, holding tenderly her body as Tulu updates in Taffy’ right eardrum. “Baycliff’s wrong, Taffy. He doesn’t understand. Hico threatened ya, didn’t he?” Taffy doesn’t react but stares at Baycliff…standing alone at the edge of honeysuckles as Tulu expresses. “Big bad boys do that bad stuff to good folks. Baycliff belly aches all the time since Amita left except when you kick his bee_hind. He likes to fight…even with sissy girls.” Tulu pauses for drama and studies Baycliff, complaining. “I can’t never understand that boy. Can ya, Taffy?”
McCamy shuffles between mad Rusk, and alone Taffy, dragging his girl Tulu into his steel biceps, updating the warriors. “Hico’s gone! He travels to South Beach with the dead teens and his merry band of lowlifes from Metro City Hall. The city’s empty ‘cept for them two un-conscious dance judges.” McCamy chuckles, rubbing both sets of his bloody knuckles, biting with a smile. “Them jaws were a lot harder than I thought. Hixson and Tulu’s parents are with him…more hostages. Hico’s stupid, thinking that we sit around here playing a smooth game of table checkers if separated. I can’t wait to beat the heck of him…if Daddy doesn’t beat us to him, first.”
McCamy chuckles with a devilishly tone since South Beachers don’t like company…even friendly then he shuffles without Tulu in his arms to Baycliff startlingly into free flight the swarm of colorful butterflies perching on Baycliff’s bend elbows and wide shoulders. McCamy poses next Baycliff, staring at miles of pretty honeysuckles, informing his childhood friend. “Spotted a couple of transports…”
Baycliff names, staring at the miles of fields. “Honeyberries.”
McCamy educates, narrowing his eyelids and scans with his excellent 20/15 vision…far away. “Hundreds, if not thousands of vines. They grow wild in heat or shade overtaking steel trellis, concrete fence posts, wooden arbor, any vertical, or horizontally hard or soft framework. Nothin’ kills them lucky them flowers are pretty and juice is sweet. Folks won’t have them around their farms. Remember, that honeyberry batch over Mama’s prized Carolina roses. She had a fit…”
Baycliff stares at the honeysuckles, injects. “And heavy ground cover used for erosion control to protect plant roots from freezing in wintertime and conserve moisture in summertime. It gets colder here between them mountain ranges.” He finger points at the patch of small hillside which used to be the Appalachian Foothills from West Virginia to central Alabama then shakes his skull sideways and presents duck lips, ugly, guessing. “There’s something else here. What’ya see, McCamy?”
McCamy part his lips open, tapping his brain cells to answer the simple query. “Golden Flame Honeysuckle vine grows 15 feet with flowers of hot pink design and yellow throats. Scarlet Honeysuckle lengths to 12 feet displaying red flowers. There’s a patch of American Honeysuckle which is the longest growth to 25 feet. Them pretty yellow flowers clogs my sinuses…”
“Not brands, hoss, the ultimate purpose?” Baycliff neck snaps his skull to the flower garden, jabbing a dirty finger nail at the disorganized batches of pretty Roses, shuffles his cowboy boots in a half-circle, moving closer to the Rose Garden as McCamy follows, hypostasizing. “That, too. Garden roses in the middle of a forest, I’ll be around never seen this…ever. Different varieties, colors, sizes…ya got Dog roses, Carolina roses, and Cabbage roses. To coincidentally, that all these baby seedlings landed right here….(points at the soil)….in one dang spot even if the city had been blasted to ant bits by them nuke lasers.”
Baycliff pauses for drama, looking and searching at McCamy’s face then comments. “Looks to me…like they planted…for a purpose, along with them thorny bushes. Thorns and prickles are used exclusively to defend home property lines from pesky critters and could be very useful…” He swings his skull and eye burns McCamy for a third time then continues. “…for hiding something.”
McCamy parks his hands on his waist, eye burning the thorns then the roses back to the thorns, pondering deeply Baycliff’s English words: hiding something.
Baycliff questions with curiosity and mystery. “What’s under a nuked city? Rats? Gold? Dead people?”
McCamy studiously examines with eyeballs and brain cells the old crumbling walls of old tumbling buildings then concludes. “Not nuked but striked... to me…like maybe they tried to invade…but it didn’t work, either? Who every guarded the city…guarded the secret and I bet my best stallion it’s under them honeysuckles.” He finger points while bobbing his skull up and down in the direction of miles of honeysuckle leaves upon vines upon grounds of red clay dirt.
McCamy shares. “Ya know, this is…was the major populated city called Huntsville, home of the outer space rockets and ancient war weapons…and…” McCamy chuckles then tattles. “Home of bite-nats.” Baycliff swings his skull at McCamy, screwing his eyebrows, ugly as McCamy grins and bobs his skull up and down several time then shares more info. “Daddy was one of them scientists…back then…knows all about bite-nats…beginnings, middle, and endings. He resigned before start of the Nuke War then moved all of us to old Birmingham Mountains surrounded by thick rich tree forests before it became the new Birmingham Cliffs surrounded by water which is about…” McCamy pauses for drama then snaps his skull and eye burns Baycliff, adding. “…about the same time that your family showed. I’m guessing here.” He pauses for drama then smiles and concludes. “Your real name ain’t Baycliff.”
Baycliff smirks with a set of crooked lips, left, snorting with a loud puff without commenting as McCamy nods his skull once, testifying. “Don’t worry! Our family changed our names and our originals, too. Guess, we’re more alike then diff. Hico must’ve know as well about the ancient bite-nats history. He’s a city slicker. Well, I’m an old country boy….(chuckles)…I think I see that there hidden passage between an eye-gleaming bald spot of them Oaks trees.”
McCamy grins with a toothy smile and mentally performs the think object: flash blades. Wickedly sideways sharp-clawed twin flash blades measuring about three feet magically transforms between both of McCamy’s open hand palms from his middle finger tip to top of his right and left collar bone making up the entire length of his arms.
Taffy nosily sips the cool fruit juice from the bottle, satisfying both hunger and thirst from Tulu’s cloth backpack comprising stacks of food refreshments for the teens as she neck snaps her skull to Rusk. Rusk babies and pampers waist-high Pemona, lounging her legs inside the bed of honeysuckles while Rusk dresses tenderly her skull with cloth bandages from Tulu’s backpack. Rusk carefully holds the juice bottle at Pemona’s red lips, whispering secret words with bad breathe into her distorted face. Pemona giggles and grins like a silly kid after Rusk’s secret word while he acts like a male Florence Nightingale which is his best personality trait: tender loving care for all life forms, excluding Taffy.
Wolf gobbles the food like a turkey along with his turkey sound effects, and busies his eyeballs and finger pads with the mini-TV devise which he stole from Tulu’s backpack, pressing numerous small buttons and flipping tiny switches while he watches the screen flip between the landscape of Colonies consisting of Grand Canyon, Swamplander, North Ridge Mountains, and South Beach within the Metro City Birmingham market place. He hears the continuous narration of alto, soprano, and baritone voices discuss the infamous ‘Death Competition then brilliantly concludes. “They can’t see us.”
Taffy and Tulu chin whip their skull and eyeballs to Wolf as he storytells. “This device….(points at the TV screen)…can’t transmit within the forest. It’s not the trees, either. They aren’t any radio wave antennas inside this Concrete Jungle as Hico described, only inside….(points at Metro City Hall)….that building. I barely remember those old-fashioned TV sets with the big giant monitors that played colorful cartoons, ugly monsters, and make-believe people acting out all types of mystery, adventure, horror, and romance stories. It kept me entertained throughout the day and the night until Mama yelled for supper. Then…I was taken away by dragging my hair as I screamed for more from my TV.” He sniggers then continues. “It was only temporally then I returned to watch my favorite programs and even television programs I didn’t really like. But, I was entertained…every day and every night during the Nuke War.
“After the Nuke War, all these devices were destroyed or de-activated by both sides of the government. I recall that all electronics…ya know…things ran by electricity that we don’t have much of…were confiscated from all houses including my household. Mama had a fit. Daddy was held by soldiers grabbing his arms, legs, and cupping his loud mouth while they toted steel and metal TVs out the house into the big large trucks.
“ ‘My MTV’ was gone….forever. I didn’t do much after that…as far as TV watching. I gots to shoot lots of wounded stray animals for fun, patched up the homestead, rounded up healthy stray animals then feed them and housed them while I tended fields and gardens. I fixed Mama a nice flower garden for her birthday surprise, not much money but likes of freedom and lots of hours between chores.” He pauses for drama, sharing. “I shot some stray visitors trespassing on our property then buried them under the type of same honeysuckles vines…like here in Metro City Birmingham. The dead bodies are good manure for the plants.” He grins with a goofy smile as Tulu gasps her breath with the horror and Taffy sighs then breathes and neck snaps her skull searching for Baycliff. “Today, killing strangers isn’t against the law….part of the way of life…Daddy says that.” Wolf pauses for drama, and examines the book-sized electronic device, expressing. “I like these things and hope they place more entertainment programs on the screen…somethin’ to do back home in the North Ridge Mountains. I wonder how Hico gotta hold of these working machines. There are big steel twisted antennas peak top on some North Ridge mountains back home. There might be microwave radio transmits from there at North Ridge. Daddy worked…long time ago…with electronics…and tinkers all the time at home. Once home, I can ask around.” He finger points at the TV screen, educating. “So…ya see…the audience who has these things can see only inside the Dance Hall at the Metro City Hall building. They saw us dance and parade around the dance floor in our formal gowns and high heels.” He chuckles while Tulu and Taffy listen without facial comment and vocal confirmation then Wolf remarks. “I bet my Mama liked seeing that dance contest. She likes dancing, taught me. Now…on the third night, they saw the fight. My Daddy loved that probably yelled and cheered. He likes fighting, taught me. Today…they didn’t see us fighting and whacking each other bloody outdoors. I guess Ant and Wasp were waiting for the teen winners to emerge so Colony eyeballs could see the results of our...ya know.” Wolf pauses for drama then subject changes his mental thoughts. “We can use this benefit…(points at the TV)….to our advantage, trapping and tagging no good Hico inside your Colony of South Beach. No one knows who lives…or who has…ya know.” He pauses for drama, subject changing his mental thoughts. “I bet my parents are worried. I bet my parents are mad, too.” Wolf silences then starts, again. “Hico has planned all this from the beginning to the ending eliminating all dancers so there are no witnesses left in his array. I don’t get it. What does he want?”
Taffy truths in a soft alto clarinet. “Bite-nats.” She pauses and gathers her mental thoughts. “Everyone wants bite-nats. Now, everyone knows what bite-nats are, can do, and will do for them. They aren’t really harmful to us…washes off with injury nor are they beneficial to us…can’t eat the paint for food. Originally the bite-nats were used for the War as gear weapon and gear protection in the form of solider body armor. And nobody knows this tidbit of gossip but over time and space on Planet Earth, the glittery batch gets stronger…lasts a life time, kinda like honeysuckles.” She neck snaps her skull to the pretty field of red, pink, yellow, and white.
“They didn’t die just sleep awhile then bloom and produce a sweet scent of honey nectar.” Taffy smiles, talking about the honeysuckle life cycle then her lips flat line as she growls in deep tenor saxophone in angry. “I can see the entertainment factor of bite-nats from masks to mambos to…murder.” Teen gasps invade the air waves as Taffy finger points at the TV screen in Wolf’s hand and continues. “I can see combining the entertainment factor of bite-nats with broadcast live events using that thing…for what? Money? Don’t exist. Work? Everyone’s works their land. Food? Everyone’s eats from their land. Shelter? Everyone’s lives on their land. Fun? I live and work on my farm. I gots plenty of fun, sun, and honeys.” Taffy winks her eyelashes, right at Tulu as Tulu giggles turning strawberry red on her Angel face.
Wolf presents his duck lips, ugly and eye burns Taffy, talking. “I suspicious. Ya know…lots about bite-nats. Why, Taffy?” Taffy eye burns the grass without answering as Wolf guesses. “South Beach’s the place. You come from there. Hico’s going to there. Based on my limited but valuable accumulated datum, bite-nats are there, too. Ya know, Taffy, you highlighted the VIP POV…that’s the very important point from my point of view.” He grins with a toothy smile at his lame joke then attacks. “We survive as country folks after the Nuke War…live. We struggle a as country folks after the Nuke War…work. We gots no play, no playtime, no playmates…and no entertainment. I barely recall the numerous boxes colored black, white, silver, pink, red…other colors…around our house…in every room…even the bathrooms. Them boxes contained another world, another galaxy, and another time and space that I transported me and my brain cells for play….for entertainment. I barely remember watching with Daddy an action sport called boxing. Two people beat the heck out of each other …for fun and for money…back then…”
“Gruesome.” Tulu comments softly then eye burns the skyline while wishing she was back home in South Beach.
Wolf stares outer spacey into the air, beautifully detailing while he smile with a wickedly smirk. “Great. Red blood. White teeth. Bent bones. Hanging flesh. POW! CRACK! Ya could hear the bones snap inside their face and across their body. Daddy went crazy. His buddies came over to the house engage in drinking, eating, cheering, yelling, and striking air with their folded fists. Then, when the guy finally died on the floor, Daddy commentated about the lame versus great hand-leg strategies...for hours, for days…until the next boxing match. It was a physical and psychological rush of anticipation, excitement, and competition. One winner. One loser. There ya go! Pure entertainment! Ya know, we are barbarians…descended from them cave men and women who hunted down the Saber-toothed tigers for cloth, food, and fun.” Wolf laughs with a hardy then continues his fairy tale. “Don’t ya’ll see! Hico supplied the very same idea within the Apprenticeship competition. We entertained the audience for the past three days. I liked the blood and guts competition. I’m here. I’m alive and lovin’ it.” He sniggers then smiles with perfectly straight teeth. “ ‘Cause I learned from Daddy…to fight…to survive…to win.”
McCamy appears, strutting as he carries shiny objects between his biceps, calling loudly from the far distance. “Look at these things. Hundreds underground.” Wolf, Taffy, and Tulu swiftly stand, jogging as group to him, and observe the smooth flat TV screens with the colorful buttons, sealed black wires, and shiny glittery old metal, lifting a single one each into their cupped hands.
“Unbelievable, these TV screens are un-damaged…(pushes dials)….works, too….(flips switches and holds the monitor in air)…look, ya can see the live parade of Hico into the grass pastures of South Beach. Man, these are just like my old boxes back home. This brings back old happy memories for me. Where did they come from? Who possesses the techno brains to fix them boxes?” Wolf inquires with a smiley face as the single Monarch butterfly lands deftly onto his right collar bone and stays.
“She fixed it.” McCamy flips his body around towards the honeysuckle field then rudely finger points at female as the female sweetly cuddles into smiling Baycliff’s face with his warm steel biceps completely covering her skinny bones and pale but healthy flesh while the female waves with a friendly gesture to Wolf, McCamy, Tulu, and Taffy.
“Amita.” Taffy softly whispers.
Honeysuckle field. Thousands of veins. 1:01pm. I soldierly stand among the moist vines of sweet smelling honeysuckles, and watch the actors act before my dry eyeballs, and hear the play outside my acute eardrums, feeling the mixed emotions surge inside my numb heart valves. I see tall handsome funny love-sick six feet, and four inches with blonde cropped short hair, and precious baby blue-eyed Baycliff grin with a happy smile wrapping his steel biceps warmingly around tall, pale, sticky-thin but healthy, and unbelievable alive breathing five feet, ten-inched with mousy brown hair, and hazel-eyed then once missing but now found Amita.
I blink my eyelashes once, twice then thrice at the flesh and blood Amita, mentally remembering that Amita is my very best friend from South Beach since we were three years old kids.
14 years ago. South Beach. Thelee Farm. Fence post. I mentally flash back within my shocked brain cells to my home, playing Tea Party with Boo, toy gray horse; Curly, toy red haired clown; Dolly, toy brown haired baby doll; and Al, white soft space suited astronaut along with the two empty chairs tucked underneath the smooth table surface. Tulu is two-years old and too much toddler to sit at the tiny table and drink colored red sugary water made by Mama for my elegant Tea Party.
I roughly pour the red beverage in the tiny cups with ten finger pads then gently place the peanut butter crackers made by Mama, too in each tiny plate and tear and tie fancy the white paper napkins around each furry or plastic throat strangling their imaginary esophagus then stand upright besides my chair and cheer in good humor. “Good luck to me and my kin.” The famous speech is spoken by Daddy who amuses us each night at suppertime around the Dining Room table then I nosily scoot my chair into my place, chatting about the pretty white clouds and yellow big sun.
I hear with keen eardrums the tiny mew sound then jump, kitten-like from my chair, posing regally for the second blast as my eardrums catch and collect another mew sound. I pivot my body in the north geographical direction towards the water stream flowing through several cow pasture landscapes as I diligently seek using both my eyeballs and eardrums for the single stray baby kitten. Since, I quickly remember that Mama Kitty has birthed six tiny kittens which are almost eight-weeks old and fiercely conclude that the solo baby has wandered off into the thick woodlands, deciding I need to execute a successful rescue.
I search with my eyeballs and listen with my eardrums, following the correct pathway of the steady but faint mew sound, turning slowly into louder cry noises as I gallantly stumble over little hard rocks and long tree branches. I squat on fours (palms and kneecaps) and see not a kitten but watch a wet girl tugging at her torn dress creatively tangled into the steel barbed-wire as I crinkle my forehead, ugly then call. “Hi. Me, Taffy.”
The wet girl with a red swollen tear-stained, and sun-tanned face along with her torn pink, white, and yellow sun dress that covers to her kneecaps swings around at me, staring shockingly and narrows her eyelashes, leans towards the barbed wire, not yelling, or talking to me.
“Me, Taffy. Me help.” I smile with my victory plot then swiftly trot on tiny cowgirl boots, and noisy splash in my ankle-length purple and blue cotton dress made by Mama over the shallow and short water stream used by cows as I perform this trick for about 1,001 and one times while holding Daddy’s hand as we together feed the hungry cows and mooing newborn calves.
My prettily playground is behind Daddy’s house, and hides, cute-like inside the 98% over story shaded and cool-feeling leaf canopy of a set of bundled 150 year-old Oak trees. My playground consists of a single child-like wooden square table, holding six child-like wooden chairs and displays a single child-like wooden floor chest that houses the tea set and matching dishes all built by Daddy for me to enjoy and to dream about princesses, unicorns, and frilly laced dresses.
I suddenly stop, surveying the harm on both the girl and the fence then lean my body and hands down towards the cow fence and nosily rip the dress fabric from the stubborn barbed-wire, extending my hand then invite the wet girl named Amita for tea and cookies at my party.
Amita and I become very bestest friends for life at that moment in time.
Present. Honeysuckle fields. 1:05 pm. Best friends for life who study hard on academics inside the schoolhouse, work hard on chores outside the farm fields, and play hard for fun around the rock cliffs while growing up from toddlers to teens along with rough and tough cowboys of McCamy, Rusk, Hixson, and Baycliff.  My childhood friends and farm neighbors are within months of the solar suns and lunar moons as I being born in the same calendar year making us seventeen-years old on Planet Earth.
I watch and listen to the visible wraiths of my childhood past in a slow-moving day dream of reality as Tulu bounces on her painted pinky toes in slo mo motion then smiles with full toothies then claps with both hands, mumbling something in her flute piccolo voice. “…happy…see you… Amita…back to us…”
Amita nods her brown skull ever so slightly up and down while she breathes the thick air molecules into her tight lungs, sweating swiftly in the harsh sunrays all over her thin pale face then she pulls the dirty baseball cap over her aching eyeballs from the bright sunshine, standing quietly and stares studiously at me.
I watch and listen, feeling wounded mortal pain, and emotional immortal sadness as Baycliff grins his mouth so wide that his face might crack open and strictly eyeballs his vision only at Amita, mumbling something in his sexy baritone trombone. “…so happy…and relieved…honey bell, Amita...back to us.”
Amita nods her brown skull ever so slightly and stares studiously at me as Baycliff carefully guides his steel biceps around her thin shoulders, dragging her to a stump patch of chopped logs under the clumped setting of the beautifully romantic Maple shade trees to rest and relax.
30 minutes ago. I mentally flash back when Baycliff yells in angry. “You knew? Taffy knew…”
I plot since I am the plan mistress but I don’t really plan our discovery, our kidnapping, our threats, our confrontation, our abandonment, or our upcoming-maybe-might-happen Earthly deaths against Director Hico of Metro City Birmingham and his insect personal body guards. I admit that I hid the VIP information from Baycliff for his safety and for my success and it worked, of course. Baycliff lives since the snot-hole is tough and rough and grand and great as I feel abandoned and betrayed and lost and lonely.
One year ago. South Beach. The planned announcement of the Apprenticeship program presents both happy and dread emotional feelings among the sixteen-years old candidates living in the South Beach Colony.
I dread both emotionally and mentally along with my childhood friends Baycliff, McCamy, Hixson, and Rusk the upcoming Presentation ceremony from Director Hico his dictatorship removal of me from my home of South Beach with the granted permission of my Mama. However, Amita is happy, and desires to participate, and leave South Beach for a soft city slicker job instead of a hard farm hand while she demands Baycliff to leave with her.
Baycliff and I want to stay in our home of South Beach as I plot-a-plan to trick Director Hico into rejection of all sixteen-year old would-be-Apprentices. It works, of course. However, Amita doesn’t want a role in my plan, snubbing me and my brilliant plot along with her beau Baycliff as Hico comes and leaves the Colony of South Beach without me but includes four other South Beach girls along with happy Amita and strangely not any cowboy sixteen-years old teens.
The calendar months fly by with no letter, no show, and no communication from Amita and Amita’s only living relative her Grandmother nor the three other South Beach Apprentices and their immediate and extended blood families. Part of the Apprenticeship includes the removal of the entire family unit (mama, daddy, sisters, brothers, aunts, uncles, cousins, grandparents) to the city slicker life and the city slicker living.
I play police detective, learning that the previous Apprentices and Apprenticeship families from the Colony of South Beach do not call home…ever and suspect that Hico and Vovina has a large part that might entail something next to the English word: evil.
I whisper my secret words into Baycliff’s right eardrum during our spy meeting since Baycliff’s Daddy is currently the local Sheriff of South Beach, giving Baycliff access to the secret data and secret files. We both play police detectives finding no foul play within the absent Apprenticeship families during our paper trail hunt. But, we do uncover the historical and present fact that there are excessive food stuffs and abundant livestock loads inside big transports which are hauled bi-weekly into Metro City Birmingham which happens to hold the lowest number of population levels among the Colony region. We share this VIP data with McCamy, Rusk, and Hixson then we collectively as a smart country hicks decide to do our own private investigative work.
Present. Metro City Birmingham. Honeysuckle field. 1:11 am. “Taffy.” McCamy breaks my daydream as I hear my vocal name then blink my eyelashes once, twice then thrice, swallowing the mouth salvia. I stare studiously at the disgustingly ‘love bird’ pic of Baycliff and Amita back together forever, rotating slowly my neck muscles to McCamy while seeing in my side view vision Wolf playing with many TV devices in both his hands, and around his ankles. McCamy waves his hand vertically for me at the old-fashioned football huddle.
I stuff my dripping useless unhappy sad emotions into my moon crater-holed heart, eye burning the grass as I stumble left foot, right foot, and left foot then park beside six feet and two-inched with blonde cropped hair, pale skin, and baby blue-eyed busy Wolf as six feet and four-inched, blonde, tanned, baby blue-eyed bossy McCamy updates in his slo mo baritone trombone into my overcrowded mind. “Found working transport…smelly mixture…dino shit….ignites near flames….called gasoline….remember….”
I perfectly spy with my excellent 20/15 vision the disgustingly ‘love bird’ moment of six feet and four-inched, blonde, sun-tanned, baby blue-eyed tender, funny, and smart Rusk gently attending five feet and nine-inched skinny model framed brown hair, baby blue-eyed ladylike sexy South Beach girl Pemona. Rusk wraps the silly cloth bandages around her sun-tanned forehead where dead Brazoria whacked Pemona senseless with the single palm-sized rock as she smiles then he feeds her like an infant baby the water bottle holding it gently against her red lips. He whispers sentences of secret words into her left eardrum and shares one of his smart-hole funny jokes then chuckles along with Pemona’s glowing smile while he cuddles her like a toy Dolly inside his warm steel biceps for male protection.
I fold my partial black painted sweaty arms over my stinky wet purple vest, turning my skull away from the emotional sad and mad sight then eye burn the stomped grass under my boots then chin whip my face into the bright skyline, and finally land my eyeballs upon McCamy and McCamy’s baritone drone. “And…debugged…(holds the electronic device)….transport from Hico’s spying…”
32 minutes ago. I mentally flash back when Rusk yells in angry. “Why didn’t you tell me, Taffy?”
I admit that I couldn’t tell anyone while under dead orders from Dictator Hico, seeing Mama’s frightened sad brown eyeballs, feeling Daddy’s disappointment coupled with his relieved facial smirk, duplicating Tulu’s crying tears coming from her red eye sockets while safely nestled inside teeth-gritting McCamy’s steel biceps, and viewing pacing hornet mad Hixson. I kept all the painfully secrets for their safety and it worked, of course. I feel ashamed and relieved and hurt losing Rusk’s trust and friendship and admiration.
Present. Honeysuckle fields. 1:27 pm. I eye gleam at Wolf’s flying finger pads while he direct points at the TV devise, rumbling in another story book tale in baritone trombone. “Hico…in South Beach…with other colonists…and…”
I turn my eye balls at the far distance moving motion, seeing sixteen-year old, five feet, and one inch short warty-toad sister Tulu roughly pirouette from the tree stump patch while socializing with Baycliff and Amita as she eye gleams me, well….probably more like her beau tough snot-hole McCamy. Tulu skips happily on short legs towards the football huddle, waving both hands wildly, smiling silly while acting her normal goofy sisterly self.
McCamy back steps from the huddle then catches and scoops his calloused hands under her ticklish armpits swinging Tulu in a full circle then buries his girl into inside his sweaty vest, wrapping his warm steel biceps around her for protection and love. He quickly kisses the top of her skull as Tulu’s brain cells quit swirling while she inhales and exhales oxygen. McCamy sighs then breathes, deeply, laying tenderly his face on her honeysuckle sweet smelling brunette silky locks of Tulu’s soft hair.
I eye burn the tender ‘love pic’ of my baby sister Tulu and her obedient while obnoxious always-hanging-around-ever-present beau McCamy since…forever. At the age of five, Pocola and Ebro who were Mama and Daddy of McCamy and Rusk had allowed the twins to stay and to play with me and Tulu while my Mama babysat us…like a litter of fighting, and growling growing Coon dog puppies.
Two years ago. South Beach. Pocola, McCamy and Rusk’s Mama loves the outdoors, and rights beside her husband on the farm tractor plow, inside the hay barn, and toils the reddish sandy soil for growing crops of corn, cotton, and soybeans like a country princess. The accident involving the old steam engine tractor explodes like a fiery red, yellow, and blue firework display once celebrated on the fourth of July in old America making Pocola no more.
McCamy braves the fight of his internal sorrow with an angry smile and a terse attitude while Rusk cries wet tears days and nights for his dead Mama, plowing into a deep sadness then a shallow depression. We…four (McCamy, Tulu, Rusk, and me) start the suppertime tradition at our home recalling and remembering all the good ‘ole’ times of past yesteryears with Pocola, Ebro, Thelee, and Tourann.
Rusk slowly cheers back into health his normal personality and shyly flirts with me while we faithfully attend school and vigorously attune our days to our separate farm chores. McCamy engulfs Tulu with his sadness, his happiness, and his love, talking minutely about their marriage while he slowly takes over Ebro’s farm and farm duties for the upcoming retirement of Ebro’s hard working farm life. I feel fun social while deep caring with enjoyment, and happiness our private evening chats after suppertime on the back porch of my house with tender, sweet, and funny Rusk.
Present. Metro City Birmingham. Honeysuckle field. 1:42 pm. I see Baycliff cuddle Amita like a baby doll into his biceps as they plant their boot prints inside the football huddle with Wolf, McCamy, Tulu, and me. I note with a sideway eye gleam that Rusk and Pemona limp together like a lame three-legged dog towards the same teen Pow Wow which plans for our return back home to South Beach…permanently.
Wolf names obnoxiously while rudely finger points at the TV. “Taffy…(finger points at me)…wow! Taffy…you a murderess…a fugitive by law…declared by Hico.”
Amita softy toots in flute soprano and stares studiously at me. “No surprise…”
I neck snap my skull at Amita, gritting painfully my tooth enamel with slightly parted lips for the upcoming major tongue lashing with violently and vividly English unacceptable words as Baycliff swiftly rescues his favored pet name of his favored girl. “Honey bell Amita, Taffy…(finger points at his naked chest)…me…even…(finger points at him)…Rusk did them…”
Rusk purses his lips, tightly and eye burns Amita then flicks his eyeballs at me. “Baycliff’s right….and it’s over. Everyone’s safe, now. Get home, forget this entire mess. Get back to our parents and our simply country life.” Teen skulls bob up and down inside the huddle.
Wolf injects. “Like that concept, bro.” He eye burns the fading skyline then returns back his eyeball to Rusk, updating. “Wants to go home…not before me and Hico tango…(laughs)…around them red tulips that I plan to spread across his future dead cold blue body for getting my pretty little Dove murdered.” He eye burns dead Brazoria framed forever in yellow and green T-rex mask upon her human face along with the teenage girly body, laying stone cold blue in within the honeysuckle green vines on the ground then eyeballs Rusk, demanding. “I goes to South Beach with ya’ll or…without ya’ll for Hico.”
Baycliff calls then snorts. “I gots Kodare….(rubs his whiskers)…think maybe I intros him to my tractor then tie his fancy dance shoes with his warm feet inside to my rear plow.” He grins with a devilishly smile swinging his skull at McCamy and sinfully proposes. “McCamy, what say ya buckle his wrists to your new steam engine tractor and then see if’an he dances a jig at twenty feet out of trouble?” Cowboy baritone trombone laughter echoes throughout the fields.
McCamy fist-bumps his bestest friend Baycliff, adding with amusement. “We think like brothers.” McCamy neck snaps his skull to Taffy then slicks. “Ya can have that evil sugar plum Vovina.” I snort and image creatively beating green snot and brown poop out that female with ease for annoying all of us…for horror and fear as I feel immediate revenge and satisfaction.
Rusk leans his handsome face into Pemona’s nostrils as she whispers too softly for my ease-dropping eardrums then Rusk nods his skull once and stares with sickening puppy love at her for his approval. Pemona talks in loud alto clarinet. “I suggest we journey to my house in the northern part of South Beach, and away from Hico while we work on our strategies to run Hico…out of town…too boot.” She smiles and flicks her eyeballs to Rusk then back to our leader McCamy and instructs. “I can guarantee that Daddy and Mama are both upset, mad, and determined to fight back…for me, my sister, our ranch, and our Colony…too boot.” She eye burns Wolf and compliments. “Thanks for saving my life, Wolf-man. Brazoria…”
“…deserved to die.” Wolf bends his kneecaps, and tosses the many TV devices into the long cloth sack then uprights his body, and soldierly pivots, leading the teens to the single transport.
I stand with arms hanging at my kneecaps, watching two-by-two the “love birdies” fly away from me as I feel lonely and sad and mad and glad rotating my neck muscles around beautiful pink and yellow and red flowers living among the honeysuckle vines. I smell the sweetly Earth nectar used by the immortal Greek gods, purging my “old” memories of nasty smells, sights, and sounds from my mental mind and mentally vow to focus my energy on my “new” concepts.
I roughly pivot, trotting after the teens and leave forever the Concrete Jungle behind just in time to watch McCamy gentlemanly lift Tulu into the cab of the old styled cargo/delivery van with a set of driver and passenger doors near the big gasoline engine and vertical opening set of double doors in the rear of once beige and red rusty vehicle.
This maneuver makes good logical common sense for McCamy to drive, since he and Tulu didn’t bite-nats fight in deadly heated battle of warrior teens, last night, or this morning. He’s better rested for the travels, and eager to arrive home at South Beach.
I admit to spying at his bloody knuckles on both his hands, betting that Ant and Wasp are going to sleep a very long, long good night since McCamy isn’t a tough “killing” type of guy but he gets mad easy but won’t kill for fun, only protection. I causally stroll my legs to the cab window and eye burn McCamy cradling Tulu and the steering wheel with his hands.
McCamy examines the unfamiliar driving console, violently bark in baritone trombone. “Go away, evil step-sister.” Tulu harmlessly slaps his naked chest covered with dirty dancer vest with her hand then giggles with a girly ping.
I snort and interpret the subtle vocal language of acceptance and care from the rough snot-hole since McCamy had been red hot mad at me and my secret plot before experiencing the left cold hand and icy finger pads of Hico’s underworld plan to take over our Colony of South Beach. I sense calm, understanding, and rejection from McCamy as I turn about my body, shuffling my bee_hind to the rear end of the van, stand and fold my dirty arms over my dirty vest, watching with amusement Baycliff lift weak Amita from the pavement into Wolf’s outstretched arms.
Wolf back steps from the edge with Amita, disappearing his body into the dark van as Baycliff jumps, T-rex onto the lip, extending his right arm, and assists bicep aid to elegant Pemona into the van then duplicates the procedure for Rusk. Arm and arm paired lovey-dovey birds of Rusk and Pemona vanish into the darkness as Baycliff extends his arm to me. I trot to the bumper of the van, grabbing forcefully his hand and feeling powerfully the man-pull of his taunt muscles, flying with ease in the air like an eagle then deftly land inside a pair of hot and heated steel biceps.
Baycliff chuckles within our love embrace and whispers softly into my right eardrum. “Taffy…”
I swiftly overload with my guilty emotions. “Thanks. Tend to Amita.” I stare forever into his emotional blue eyes, offering with a friendly message from my sharp mind, not my numb heart. “Glad she’s back…Baycliff.” Baycliff grins with a toothy smile then soldierly pivots, banging his palm against the van wall, signaling McCamy to go then gallops to resting Amita.
I see Rusk and Pemona fill one dark corner on the empty flooring of the van while Baycliff and Amita occupy the other corner, cocking sideways my skull and swinging my eyeballs to busy Wolf. Then, I sit along the side wall beside Wolf, plopping down my tired body and place my skull into cupped hands while I sigh then breathe, deeply closing my eyelashes, and dream of a hot bathing waterfall for two hours, sleep inside a real soft bed for twenty-four hours, and cry of wet rolling hot tears for rest of my days and nights.
The van violently jolts along the road as voices loudly giggle from the dark corners when the vertical elbow of Wolf hits my arm with intense pain while I suffer slowly in my nightmare thoughts.
I toss my skull into the empty air, then eye gleam at Baycliff and Amita who accidentally fill my peripheral eyeball, left composed of my excellent 20/15 vision, cursing my great DNA matter then I blink eyelashes once, twice then thrice, spying for a few more seconds.
Baycliff gently plays with Amita’s dirty finger pads then whispers secret words into her pale ashen sweaty face and tenderly kisses her wet smelly cheekbone. He pulls back from the kill, grinning with a toothy smile at her while acting like a silly kid as he continues to pat her sweaty hands. He starts to whisper sentences of sweet English love words into her un-moving pink lips matching her dead pan face. Amita wears her filthy red stained clay dirty over the once-colored-beige T-shirt under the slightly darker beige vest and matching dirty beige pants with the sturdy brown work boots from her secret job inside the Silo den working on the many different types of TV devices. She appears very ghostly pale from the lack of sun, and skinny to point of malnutrition, covering her pale face is a dirty baseball cap low over her sensitive eyeballs as Amita silence her voice and stares studiously at me.
I close my eyelashes, flipping my cropped skull around in a completed circle, cracking my tense neck joints, and rest my eyeballs upon my dirty hands, dirty arms, dirty vest then view my dirty pants then look at my dirty muddy cowgirl boots that covers in black, Navy, and orange bite-nats paint, grass stains, flower petals, and honeysuckles vines. I scratch my itchy nostrils and sigh then breathe, deeply.
43 minutes ago. Honeysuckle field. I mentally flash back when Baycliff passionately kisses my lips and wraps his steel muscles around my body behind the bushes near the honeysuckle fields then confesses. “I love you, Taffy.”
Present. Van. Road. Metro City Birmingham. 2:13 pm. I have never admitted, never confessed, and never tattled back to Baycliff the “same exact words” that I emotionally feel but vocally never repeated. I remember that he loves me, not her. She didn’t exist, only me. I feel loved, safe, happy, depressed, mad, jealous, and envious.
The loud music captures my eardrums as swift movement entertains my eyeballs and my mind drifts toward the TV screen as Wolf replays the scratchy video of Baycliff/Tiger twirling me/Chick around in circles as we chop, dice, slice, kick, and kill to stay alive at last night’s Death Competition as I neck snap my skull to the rattling van doors, closing my eyelashes and sigh then breathe, deeply.
17 hours ago. Honeysuckle Ball. I mentally flash back when Baycliff twists my face into his Tiger-mask wrapping my body into his biceps then blurts after our deadly dance battle. “I love you, Taffy.”
11 months ago. South Beach. Our goody funny friendship blossoms from a bed of tiny cute rosebuds into a bushel full flowering Rose petals of puppy love with ease from our shared common loss: Amita. I feel sad for losing my best friend and more sad about Baycliff losing his girl friend.
After Baycliff’s fine discovery of the excessive shipments of food stuffs and livestock traveling directly to Director Hico of Birmingham Metro City, McCamy, Rusk, Hixson, Baycliff and I suspects something is wrong. We start our own investigation by talking with friends and neighbors of the former Apprentices, finding that new folks have been deeded to old farms from Metro City Birmingham in the name of Director Hico, or Superintendent Vovina who don’t either person live currently inside the boundary limits of South Beach.
We spy on the closest sold farms during day while skipping school without Mama and Daddy’s permission and tattle-tail Tulu’s knowledge while Baycliff and I see folks, not farmers, drilling with strange beeping manual instruments into the plowed fields, water streams, and cotton fields looking for something. We sneak under window panes and listen to spoken English words: steal, farms, hurt, farmers, bite-nats. Baycliff and I decide that we can’t tattle to our folks, not believing sixteen-year old teens with crazy wild ideas that spend their unlimited free time more in playtime then study time. So, we decide to use our school time to plot, play time to plan, and our field time to ploy the greatest majestic plot to find missing Amita and uncover the false facts. I feel smart, hopeful, and helpful.
Nine months ago. South Beach. Baycliff depresses with sadness about Amita while we find the collection of handwritten letters from Amita scattered around the distance parts of South Beach neighborhoods detailing the wonderful life in Metro City Birmingham. He feels that Amita will never come back home to South Beach, and turns to me for comfort and console while we determine to find the truth about Amita and Apprenticeship. Baycliff and I pair our sharp minds and tender hearts in togetherness figuring out our roles in my majestic plot using our wickedly  humor, playfully banter, soft whispers, warm hands, and thoughtful gifts of stolen wild roses and stolen homemade sweet treats from his Mama’s kitchen counters. I feel happy, and love.
Present. Van. Road. Metro City Birmingham. 2:34 pm. Weak but healthy Amita needs lots of rest and food, wrapping her thin body into Baycliff’s protectively steel biceps from her isolated twelve-month long capture inside the deep dark dirt Silo repairing many types of TV screens for Director Hico, comes back home to South Beach with us inside one of Hico’s rusty van. I feel burn of Baycliff’s lost love.
I swiftly eye gleam at the love birdies with jealous emotions since Baycliff doesn’t notice me or when he does it with his new silly goofy grin for .001 seconds of his time then his eyeball returns backs to Amita’s face as she silences and stares studiously at me.
I tilt my jaw line a little more far left, eye burning the second pair of purring partridges in the dark corner of the moving van while Pemona annoyingly giggle as the choking sound erupts throughout the empty van. Rusk touches, tickles, and tingles with warm ten finger pads her  hands, her throat, both her cheekbones, and her rib cage then chuckles at his silly movement while playing with the captured elegant swam as I snort with amusement.
2 hours ago. Creek. I flash back mentally when Rusk at creek water after battling Etta and confesses. “I love you, Taffy.”
Present. Van. Road. 2:37 pm. I vividly recall that I once had two loves and now I have zero since Rusk has learned the vile truth about me, my lies, my secrets, not my sweet truth feelings. I love Rusk.
Three months ago. South Beach. Tulu sways Mama’s decision to enter Apprenticeship against my sisterly advice as McCamy upsets with my Mama and me for not permanently changing Tulu’s stubborn mind. Me and Baycliff show McCamy our hard working stolen evidence of collected and gathered hand written letters from mysterious misplaced Amita coupled with the surprised and shocked friends and neighbors of the missing Apprenticeship girls and their entire families.
McCamy, Rusk, and Hixson agree to help us sabotage Tulu’s only once-in-life-time chance at Apprenticeship in the big bad Metro City Birmingham as I sweet talk to Mama which doesn’t work. Baycliff sweet talks to my Daddy which doesn’t work and Rusk sweet talks to my Mama which doesn’t work while McCamy only sweet talks to Tulu, not working either.
So, I plot the majestic “death scene” at the fiery fusion on Ebro’s farm near the Birmingham Cliffs. The deep underground home-made fusions of hot and heated red burning continuously fires are sets of freaky nature returned-to-the-retail-store-un-wanted gifts of Mother Nature after the swarms of nuke dust particles and ashes cleared from Nuclear War III of 2078 upon her personal territory…Planet Earth.
South Beach is famous for its numerous fiery features that are scattered throughout horizontal layouts of the infamous limestone cliff rocks, except no one sight sees without losing both their sight and soul. Because the entrance point is vertical…way down straight pin to the bottom of fiery hellish fires of boiling water steaming from the Gulf of Mexico.
Growing up with corn stalks, cows patties, and cliff climbs, I love rappelling my bee_hind down 1,000 and more feet, seek and search for the Dining Room table-sized holes curved by Mother Nature within the hidden rock entrances alongside the Birmingham Cliffs or fall forever into the warm heated Gulf of Mexico waters filled with the deformed deadly dolphins or the Dino-sized everything eating gators or the poisonous man-sized fish. McCamy, Rusk, Baycliff, Hixson and I are the bestest climbers in the South Beach Colony since our farms lay upon the peak tops of numerous flat table limestone cliffs made of both beauty and danger.
Six days ago. Birmingham Cliffs. Ebro’s Farm. Baycliff, McCamy, and I wrap up the last of the many practices, rehearsals, and dances by moonlight around the fiery fusion for the upcoming pretend “death scene” all for Tulu to eye witness since Tulu desires to attend Apprenticeship with Mama’s blessings and Daddy’s prayers. Baycliff, Rusk, McCamy, Hixson, and I have opposite secret plots to save Tulu from Hico and find Amita’s body, fearing she’s dead and buried under the wooden planks, not working hardy at her new job inside Metro City Hall.
Five days ago. Thelee Farm. Suppertime. McCamy plants bite-nats pink paint by giving the small rusty can to Tulu for both safety and love before her sixteenth birthday then I steal it from her bedroom the next day for pretend “death scene.”
Four days ago. Birmingham Cliffs. Ebro’s Farm. Fusion. Baycliff, Rusk, Hixson, and I work our bee_hinds off early every morning digging out three hidey holes within the fiery hot monster when we pretend to die in the accidentally fall. Actually, Hixson hides inside the fusion, and strings a set of fire-proof netting over the red and blue fire as we…three actually fall inside the fusion to our pretend deaths. Then, we…three struggle upright in our protective fire gear, and climb on fours (gloves and boots) inside the home-made holes while Tulu bravely fights heat and tears searching for our bodies, unsuccessfully when Rusk arrives and finds nothing, literally and return with Tulu back home to Thelee Farms. While McCamy and I climb out our secure and safe hidey holes, shimmy up the limestone cliff rocks then limp to Baycliff’s farm hiding after lunch then head out for Metro City Birmingham, planting our “dead” buries figuratively under the basement cellar inside Metro City Hall right underneath Hico’s bee_hind as Hixson and Rusk follow us later the next day.
Three days ago. Thelee Farm. Lunchtime. Director Hico personally visits Thelee Farms, gently persuading Tulu to accept an empty seat in the Apprenticeship program along with the other sixteen-year old students since has been one of her life long dreams as well as Mama’s dream for the good obedient daughter then Tulu shows up as Apprentice while McCamy, Rusk, Hixson, and Baycliff pose as dancers, being assigned as the Apprentice’s escorts to protect and watch over Tulu. McCamy wanted Rusk to fight in the pretend “death” scene against villain Baycliff because he didn’t wanna leave Tulu for two full seconds of his sixteen year but I’m the plan mistress and overruled that stupid idea since gentleman Rusk would never ever pick a fight with snot-nose Baycliff.
Rusk possesses many tender, reserve, funny, and shy traits innate within his sweet personality while hiding his emotions by sometimes actually stuttering slowly his…inner thoughts and feelings to the ones he really loves.
Present. Van. Road. South Beach. 3:04 pm. Wolf painfully slams his elbow hitting my elbow as my hand tinkles like a musical triangle then finger points at the TV screen, observing. “Look at this video footage of you and Rusk inside of one of them rooms at Metro City after we kicked everyone’s bee_hind, remember, Taffy.” I eye gleam the scratchy pic, and recognize the historical moment frozen in time and my brain cells as Wolf literally barks like a dog then growls like a tiger with a nasty sound during the recorded replay and explains his animal imitations. “Sooo…that’s how Hico knew about them cock-rocks. Remember, Taffy, my elegant but purposefully mighty semi-dead cockroaches covered in the white bite-nats paint. My creations that he doused with them firefighter hose pipes of violently painfully cool freaking water since Hico spied on us inside the room.” I nod my skull in silence as Wolf grunts with more un-kind English words about Hico and Hico’s connected body parts as I giggle with amusement.
15 hours ago. Art. Galley. Metro City Birmingham. I mentally flash back when Rusk whispers into my face. “…we get back home…at my farm. Taffy, I’d like us…”
Present. Van. Road. South Beach. 3:07 pm. I eye burn Rusk and Pemona where Rusk acts like a silly clown with her which is different from his normal shy good Boy Scout behavior while he talks directly into her face, no stopping, well…between her silly giggles, echoing throughout the truck bed since Rusk isn’t stuttering but probably faking, acting, and pretending to like her being a South Beach gentleman.
Four hours ago. Creek. I mentally flash back when Rusk kisses me at creek water and ask. “I should talk to your Daddy…”
Present. Van. Road. 3:11 pm. I scan using my eyeballs vertically and horizontally at Pemona, seeing that she is me since we share too many similar physical features consisting of tall frame, slim weight, brown hair, long legs, smart-hole mouth….like me as I giggle under my breathe. Then, the light bulb ignites inside my mind that Rusk is slightly mad with me for not confessing my total secrets about Hico, McCamy, Tulu, my parents, and Hixson and has turned to entertain Pemona.
I do not know her, or her family, or her family’s ranch since she lives in the northern part of the Colony with the complete understanding that Rusk is simply making me jealous…that’s all. He loves me, hints his way….so soft and sincere. I feel relief, happiness, and love.
Wolf punches my elbow for a second time, finger points at the boring toy, wording with excitement as my eyeballs stray towards the left over his knuckles watching the video recording. “See this! Don’t see you…here, Taffy? I thought Rusk boasted that he get Lion at woodlands stream. This recorded feed shows Lion alive and breathing walking into the Dance Hall before we all left Metro City Birmingham. What’s up with that, Taffy?” He swings his half-painted orange face to me.
I smack my eyelashes upright, neck snap my skull to Rusk, naming. “LION?” Eyeballs turn to me.
[:o  South Beach Colony, USA, North America. 89*F. Ocean breeze. 2:01 pm. Kodare slams the bind and beaten body against the wall with a powerfully thud, trotting over to the boy then presses the teen’s squared shoulders down to tile as Hixson kneecaps, first then slides his tallness onto his left thigh leg, second then outstretches both legs, third, and finally lands on his bee_hind, snarling violent musical notes in Kodare’s face as Kodare grins with a toothy smile.
Kodare bad breathes into Hixson’s nostrils. “Ya get your chance, Bandit….maybe later, today. Keep me in your thoughts, pal.” He tenderly slaps Hixson’s cheekbone with soft finger pads, still grinning then uprights tall and soldierly pivots to standing Hico and Vovina.
Fly and Tick nosily shuffle the inside furniture, re-decorating the small room located on the ground floor of old busted and broken schoolhouse as they shift and parallel the single battered wooden Teacher desk with the set of three dirty glass window panes and scoot a single chair on each side of the desk. A straight line of numerous medium-sized student desks form two horizontal row in front of the Teacher’s desk for the teacher’s favorite pets as Flea escorts the grumbling and mumbling adults into the classroom while he finger points at each desk for location of one single adult. The adults quietly sit while nosily grunting with soft bird and coyote sounds.
Hico center stages his upright body against the viewing windows that present thousands of Colonists not home to the South Beach Colony then her swiftly about faces, watching the diplomatic representatives of mamas, daddies, grandpa’s, grandma’s, sisters, brothers, aunts, uncles, cousins from Swampland, Grand Canyon, and North Ridge Mountains. The colonies stomp, tromp, and swarm over the green grass, red clay, berry bushes, pretty flowers, and the famous flat silver limestone rocks of South Beach showing their eagerness coupled with anxiousness for the upcoming competition. 
Hico slowly circles his body with a silly grin on his round pale face to his captured audience, literally consisting of aged, raged, and worn farmers who compose the familiar South Beach Council members. Over the past five years, Hico has negotiated successful food trades and livestock barters with these particular farmers in exchange for peace and isolation until today while Fly and Tick soldierly stand slightly each side of Hico, cradling their rifles in their arms like babies, shifting eyeballs side to side, and watching over the parents of the young South Beach Bandits as Hico pulls the chair towards his bee_hind, sitting.
Six feet and four-inched aged bronzed from the hot sun South Beach farmer rumbles in his baritone trombone while swiftly standing, curling his lips, left along with various octaves of snorts, and grunts like native animals in the farmland then pitches. “Release Hixson to me, Hico!”
Hico smirks with a set of crooked pink lips, right, rotating his neck muscles left to right and eye burns each parent of the teen Bandit, intros. “I am Director Hico. Please address me as Director…”
“Release that boy to me, Hico!” Farmer repeats then steps forward on his right cowboy boot for direct bodily harm to Hico as Tick direct points his shotgun barrel from a distance into the Farmer’s face when the Farmer suddenly halts, eye burning Hico and threats with a deeper timbre of baritone. “Now!”
“Director Hico, please.” He grins with an evil smirk, instructing. “I will not repeat my request, thrice.” He pauses for drama, motioning his hand at Tick, ordering. “Stand down, Tick! Allow our hosts some breathing room.” Tick shifts his shotgun from hands into arms like rocking a newborn infant as Hico sings. “Hmm! You must be Daddy of these annoying little boy twins, Rusk and McCamy. Are you a horse spitting, or a cow shitting image of your sons?” He chuckles with surly lips then comments. “I never can properly recall my old Southern axioms, Ebro?”
Hico chuckles for a second time as Ebro lovingly snarls like an alley cat while staring at Hico when loud static sounds nosily erupt from new big TV screen hanging on the adjacent wall.
Hico breaks the silence, narrating for story time while grinning. “Boys and girls, it is time for our short program then we’ll continue our introductions…properly.” Hico grins with a smooth smile and finger points at the screen. “Ya’ll remember these things. Of course, you do. Television or TV for shorten speak patterns of country hicks. The old fashioned devises were used for visual and vocal communications based on outer space satellites orbiting around our little Planet Earth. I have discovered a treasure chest full of these TV devices, replaced wiring, circuits…”
“Your point, Dictator Hico?” Ebro stingingly bites while standing from his assigned chair and eye burning hot invisible fire balls at Hico.
Hico smirks and cocks his skull to the side at Ebro, complimenting his process in the classroom. “Not perfect but close enough to my title! My point is we shall find out if your sons live…” Parents nosily gasp with fear, echoing inside the room as Hico flips his body around in the squeak chair, and presses two buttons, twisting three knobs while eye burning the screen to begin its magic.
A scratchy transmission with a some what solid image displays a young pale male, wearing a dark colored vest with rich blonde hair and baby blue eye, holding with ten finger pads the steering wheel of the moving transport as Hico intros into the microphone inside the van’s console. “Rider, you are clearly one of Kodare’s North Ridge Mountain Riders. I am Director Hico. Please introduce yourself to my captured audience, son!”
“Lion. Who the f…” He names, shifting his baby blues around the cockpit of the van for the hidden video devise when suddenly his baritone voice pings out but his lips swiftly shift up, down, and sideways.
Hico presses the mute button, cutting off the angry young man’s vile word from the other side of the transmission then updates with instructions. “Lion, thank you for your identification. I have arrived successfully at South Beach. Thank you for inquiring. I can tell by your trajectory that you are half way to the Colony location of South Beach in the extreme region of my territory. I and my new friends have numerous questions for you Lion.
“So, let’s start with who has survived and who has not survived Apprenticeship. I’m afraid the TV devices receive poor reception…out this way. Is my associates Ant and Wasp with you, son? They should’ve rounded up the South Beach murderess Taffy accommodating you on the trip to South Beach. And finally, congratulations for being the winning teen and winning Colony for the North Ridge Mountains. How many in your band, son?” Hico presses the off button, nodding his skull at Lion.
Lion expresses while steering the van. “Yeah, right, Director Hico. I marvel at your worldly predictions. Coming to South Beach for my reward for the North Ridge Mountain Riders…like ya said. First to arrive should get all the prize, right, Director Hico? About Taffy pudding? Ya know, that South Beach Bandit-girl that killed all these teens…in cold-blood…the other night on TV. She’s a-coming with Ant and Wasp later after cleaning up the dead bodies today, since you skipped out on…”
Hico presses the mute button and repeats his VIP question after cutting off Lion’s story. “Lion, how many in your travel party? Please repeat the arrival time of my associates of Ant and Wasp?” He flips the switch to ‘off’ so Lion can respond.
“Be there, shortly. And we chat long time…Director Hico…” Lion swiftly words then silver and white rows of visual static fill the large TV screen.
Hico present duck lips, ugly while eye burning the wavy static rows then twists his body around in the squeaky chair, leaning his elbows and face heavily onto the flat surface, grinning with a toothy smile. “That is very good news for all of us! Survivors….including your precious and precocious teens that have seemed twice…managed to elude death.” He pauses for drama then adds. “I provided two other transports for travel therefore we should expect to see bright smiling teen faces later, tonight.” He nods his skull once then claps hands for attention and remarks with delight. “Since, we have completed our first task, the children. Let us move to our second task, the bite-nats.”
Thelee rumbles in his tenor saxophone. “Release Hixson to me, Hico!” Vovina smacks her eyelashes upright, and neck snaps her skull to Hico as Kodare twists his lips, ugly, grunts and cracking his knuckles with frustration while Hico stares and Thelee smirks with a set of crooked lips, left.
Hico threats to all the Beachers. “I will have bite-nats. I will toss every teen within South Beach into my competition, starting with your surviving daughter Taffy, Tourann for the new upcoming Huntress Game.” He pauses for drama and eye burns Tourann, telling the truth. “None of your teens will survive against the mad and hunger Colonists. Let this be you’re final warning. They crave action, adventure, blood…victory.” He intensively studies each parent directly in the eyeballs then neck snaps his skull to Hixson, inquiring. “Son, you are named as Hixson, is that correct?”
Hixson immediately mouth spits his salvia onto the floor, of course, missing Hico being on the opposite side of the room as Hico smirks with a set of crooked lips, ugly then comments with a nasty timbre, sniffing the air waves like a stray dog with his inflamed nostrils, announcing. “Meet the first draftee of newly formed South Beach Bandits, ladies and gentlemen.” He neck snaps his skull to Ebro, adding. “Round up five more docile teens, please Ant.” He grins with a wickedly smile as gasps of air ring in the classroom.
[:) Fowler Farms, north section. South Beach Colony. 4:00 pm. 84ºF. Late afternoon. Sinking sun. Fowler Farms paints a portrait of smooth brown valleys of soybeans that sway besides long fields of bright yellow waist-high hay with miles of open green grasslands dotting with tiny spots of colored white and black dairy and beef cows used for food and leathers as well as an array of blending tints of yellow and white, solid black, bay and black, and chestnut skins that represent the different types of breeding horses, including colts and fillies. The breeds include Paint, Quarter, and Morgan since Fowler Farms is primarily a horse ranch providing the only four-legged mammals for work, transportation, and pleasure to the good citizens of South Beach.
Amita softly narrates her year-long capture in her alto clarinet, sitting almost in Baycliff’s lap as he tenderly cuddles her into his chest. “….bright sunlight is bothersome to my sensitive eyes. After the dance, we trotted off the floor into the mines. These dirt mines are the old rocket silos from the 1960s space race program developed in the ancient city of Huntsville.”
He clears his throat as eyeballs turn to six feet and two-inched sun-tanned, wrinkled faced, brown haired, and hazel-eyed Fowler who adds to Amita’s story in his tenor saxophone sitting on the opposite side of his living room inside his house beside his daughter, Pemona. Pemona sits next to Rusk on the long sofa. “Silos are…(holds hands vertical wide apart)….gigantic vertical shafts of holes dug by machines about 90 years ago. The holes inside the ground are deep, round, packed with hard rock and dense red clay dirt.” He shakes his brown skull side to side, commenting. “There are no exit doors. No ladders. There is not an easy escape without some type of human intervention by a man-to-man chain gang from bottom to top of the surface or with the use of heavy stream driven equipment.”
Amita nods her skull in silence acknowledgement as eyeball turns to her while she story tells. “Hico, Vovina, Kodare, Doboil, and Starbe surrounded us like guards as we all moved from the dance floor after the first and only dance into the smaller rooms along the hallway. We changed from the bite-nats Ball gowns into….(touches her dirty vest)….these real clothes then we were put to work by repairing…(points at the TV screen)….those things like the one on your wall, Fowler.” She pauses for drama and sighs then breathes, heavy, looking at the floor as Baycliff rubs his finger pads on her dirty shirt, concluding. “….thousands of the broken TV devices.
“My Granny and I were immediately separated as a family unit for our work jobs but we were brought together tired and hungry for long periods of sleep until the next shift of work. After a while, you couldn’t tell the different of day from night. One person secretly owned a pocket watch which measured some type of day and night time for us but eventually the air moisture overtook her delicate jewelry. I recognized all the girls from previous Apprenticeship programs along with their entire family members from mamas to daddies to grandparents to cousins…to….two girls and I would wander around our part of the Silo after work duty, and during our resting hours looking for an escape route. Some wings were empty while some wings held more work stations for more hours of TV repairs. Some wings were only living quarters with the short hard metal cots and folded clean blankets. You were assigned immediately to a specific living Silo where I lived, ate my food meals, and slept there upon my assigned cot. I was also assigned into a working Silo which separated the families into working units: children, teens, young adult, mature adults, and elderly adults. My Granny worked in a different part of Silo until she…passed…” Amita suddenly stops holding both hands to her eyelashes and sniffs lightly with her nostrils as Baycliff shuffles her closer to his body then Amita mews lightly. “Her heart was too weak….,” Amita blasts in loud piccolo soprano while eyeballing directly me. “I couldn’t escape, either.” She pauses for drama then explains. “Some folks tried over and over, again. Of course with much failure and heart break until Hico got mad and tossed love rattlesnakes down into one particular Silo. Ya could hear the ear-piercingly screams, dying cries, loud curses and shaking rattles of snakes for hours until snakes killed every man, woman, and child.” She pauses for drama while eye burning me then presents a smile in her bright alto clarinet. “That finally maintained a long period of peace and productivity.” Amita ends, blinking her eyelashes once, twice then thrice while staring studiously at me.
Baycliff concludes softly into Amita’s right eardrum, patting tenderly her folded hands inside her lap with a single hand while the other wraps completely around her thin shoulders. “It’s over…honey bell.” He tenderly pecks her newly scrubbed cheekbone from the sweat, dirt, and grime then swings his skull to Fowler, Pemona, and Rusk, and declares in fighting baritone. “Hico’ll pay for his sins…by me.” Teen skulls bob up and down several times while associated grunts of animal sounds in agreement.
Five feet, and three-inched black-haired, and brown eyed Almena grins with a toothy smile, holding both her hands covered with blue liquid color over the skull of Wolf while announcing wildly. “There…guys and gals, ya’ll are setting pretty…now. Don’t mess with the ‘blue stuff’ or…scientifically labeled povidone-iodine…okay. It consists of a stable chemical called polyvinylpyrrolidone which is composed of 12% available blue iodine used on mammals….”
“Don’t show off, Mama.” Rochelle is fifteen-years old, five feet, and one-inched with black hair and brown eyes baby daughter of Almena and Fowler, embarrasses in red strawberry jam color as she chin whips her face deep into her chest.
Rusk adds, nodding his skull once in respect. “Yes, ma’am. We use ‘blue stuff’ on shallow and deep lacerations of the legs, knees, hocks, and pasterns on our horses, and sometimes the feisty bulls to prevent a spread of wicked infections, too. One time, we disinfected a horse of thrush in the medial sulcus of her hoof.” He swings his skull at his brother, recalling. “Remember, McCamy?”
McCamy nods his skull once in silence agreement while cuddling Tulu into his chest and playfully tickling her rib cage during Amita’s tragic narration by keeping Tulu happy, not too sad about the bad past and future events that the cowboys and cowgirls of South Beach will face, tomorrow.
Fowler offers in a friendly tone, nodding his skull at Rusk. “Good healing powers for your cuts and hot food for your stomachs. Fowler Farms will never let strays go hunger.” He chuckles and expresses with personal happiness. “Or nice folks go free without aid, and supplies. And especially, for bringing my daughter back to us in one piece. Poor Mamas and Daddies are torn up on the TV about their off spring. We would be, too.” He wraps his right arm around Pemona, holding back the sobs and tears like a female while over wrath with joy and happiness to see his sixteen-year old girl alive and well except for a few visual bruises and a slight mild concession then Fowler dictates like a good host of the manor. “Rochelle, show them around the place while Mama and I set a nice table for our welcomed and rare company.” Rochelle swiftly stands from the chair and finger points while shuffling her body towards the front porch doorway which leads to different areas of the farm, the pond, the barn, the pastures, and the playground.
Pond. Tulu and McCamy slowly walk as one being while he closetly hugs her inside his splotched poker-dotted red wounds coated with blue stuff colored medicine that covers his naked chest and eight-pack abs after fighting and winning against Hico’s heathens at Metro City Hall in Birmingham. Almena is a former physician before the Nuke War III ended her medical career in Alabama who has doctored and treated the battered and beaten teens, insisting that their wounds not be bandaged, just breathe fresh air along with lots of food, and lazy rest for the rest of the evening.
McCamy parks his bee_hind upon the red clay shore land of the clear fresh water pond, tucking lovingly Tulu inside his chest as they splash their naked feet into the cool water, whispering privately their individual confessions of love.
Tulu sobs from her nostrils without the yucky clear mucus, leaning heavily into McCamy’s colorful chest while she eye burns the rippling smooth water, confessing truthfully in her flute soprano. “I’m so sorry, McCamy. I’m the cause of this entire mess. I wanted to attend stupid Apprenticeship. I’m so selfish and greedy. Please forgive me.”
McCamy closetly hugs her petite body deeper into his chest, kissing the top of her sweet smelling honeysuckle black hair, and softly hums. “Ah, muffin!”
Tulu whips her chin upright into his face, eye burning his chin, nostrils then his pupils and truths. “I want you to hear this…all. Okay?” He grins with a toothy smile, nodding his skull in silence then gently kisses her forehead with his soft lips as she confesses. “I’m so selfish. I love you so much, and want great things. Great things ain’t great without you, McCamy. I learned. Me…and my heart, and my soul missed you so much when…” She pauses for drama, not wanting to say or think about the fusion incident then sobs with sounds from her throat and nostrils as streams of hot wet tears flow from her eyeballs, talking softly. “I thought you…inside the fiery fusion…forever. “ She slaps his chest hardy with her hand as McCamy sniggers for fun then she toots in flute soprano. “That was not true.” Then, Tulu smiles with a set of pretty white teeth.
He chuckles and tenderly kisses her lips then sweet names. “Ah, muffin.”
“Then, I traveled all the way to Metro City heart-broken and alone, thinking…” Tulu grins with a toothy smile at the past event, complimenting. “You danced with me…the first night, didn’t ya?” McCamy smirks with a set of crooked lips, left then tenderly kisses her forehead as she giggles with a girly tone and continues. “I…was so confused. I would’ve never guessed it was you. When I touched your hands…(she plays her finger pads entwining with his finger pads)…I thought of you. But, ya know, my brain cells accepted the other fact.” She twists her lips, ugly, pondering her mental thoughts then loudly shouts. “You warty-toad, ya should’ve signaled me…or just kissed me.” She flirtatiously bats her eyelashes at him as he chuckles as she reminds. “Ya know, I would’ve known your sweet kisses.” He bobs his skull up and down in silence studying her then Tulu calculates the danger. “O! Guess that would’ve been bad for us. You and Taffy would’ve been discovered by Hico, earlier. Well, I forgive ya’ll…both you and Taffy, since ya’ll are alive and well and here with me.”
McCamy grins with a happy smile and kisses her forehead as he sweet names. “Ah, muffin.”
Tulu cocks her skull sideways, smirking with a set of crooked lips, right and tattles. “But…you didn’t dance with me the second night. I could tell. It’s wasn’t Rusk, either. Ya’ll are twins but diff. I can tell ya’ll apart. No one else can but me….” McCamy nods his skull once in silence then tenderly kisses her forehead as she rambles with her secret. “Nor Hixson…that’s leaves Baycliff….” She giggles with a girly tone and shakes her skull sideways, wording softly slightly out of hearing range of McCamy’s eardrum. “Figures…that boy’s…”
“…is what, muffin?” McCamy whines in baby tone tenor, parting his lips, widely and screws his eyebrows, ugly with deep concern.
Tulu laughs with a girly tone then joshes. “Well, he tried…”
“…tried to what, muffin?” McCamy threatens in deadly baritone as he presents duck lips, ugly while death thoughts about Baycliff dancing with Tulu at the Honeysuckle Ball.
Tulu giggles with a girly tone, guessing based on the new information. “You gave him instructions for me, didn’t ya?” McCamy smacks his eyelids upright and curls his lips, nasty as she regally informs with a big smile. “Well, he failed, pitifully. He’s not you. You…definitely aren’t him But…my warty-toad.” McCamy nods his skull once in silence as she smile then he kisses her forehead while Tulu replays. “You dropped out of the baby blue skies the second night of Apprenticeship wearing your silly red chicken lips.” She laughs with a girly tone and comments. “Good thing, you toted me out that secret back door ‘cause I about fainted, thought I was seeing my Guardian-angel named McCamy who had ascended from Earth and then came back down from Heaven to protect me.” McCamy chuckles then passionately kisses her lips as she recalls in both shock and surprise. “You there, alive and breathing carrying me in your strong arms out the door with Hixson as scout.” She giggles and quotes from her heart. “I love you, McCamy. Did I mention that lately?” She smiles with a sweet bright grin at him.
He nods his skull once then passionately kisses her lips, sweet names. “Ah, muffin.”
“We almost…made it if’an not for the judges Ant and Wasp…right? They appeared nice and friendly, at first…then wanded these set of flash blades along with their shotguns in our faces, right beside Mama and Daddy. Daddy was mad. Mama was crying. I felt bad. They hauled us to that little jail cell. I thought Hixson would bust that window pane out.” McCamy laughs with a hardy tone at the mental image as Tulu continues, blowing her breathe out. “Not for the lack of trying….” Tulu pauses for drama, pouting her lips, ugly then asks with sad thoughts. “Do ya think Mama and Daddy…?”
He closetly hugs Tulu into his chest for protection and love, peaking lightly her forehead with a kiss then whispers into her left eardrum. “Ah, muffin.”
“Hico won’t harm them, right? He only wants bite-nats, correct? He told us. I believe him. Don’t you, McCamy?” He nods his skull once in silence then kisses her forehead as Tulu firmly talks. “Daddy’ll give him all the rusty paint cans of bite-nats if’an he knows where it’s hidden. Everyone’ll, right, McCamy?” He kisses her forehead as Tulu stares at the water then worries. “I fear for us…me and you and Taffy and our parents. Wonder if Hico wants more or something else than the cans of bite-nats then what’s going to happen to South Beach, McCamy?”
He twists his lips, ugly and ponders her statement then kisses her forehead, and sweet names. “Ah, muffin.”
“There…,” Tulu exhales a big blow of air and talks. “I confessed…confessed it all out of my brain cells. The best confession is…” She pauses for drama then always says. “I love you, McCamy, forever. I want to stay here in South Beach forever…only with you.” She smiles with a biggy smile then orders with a sweet toot. “Your turn, warty toad?”
McCamy smiles and studies her sweet face then kisses her soft lips as they surface then he slowly begins in his baritone trombone. “Ah, muffin. I love you, too. I worry about your little body and brain all the time. Now…I don’t lie when I tattle that Taffy plotted that plan. But, I confess to you that I liked it. I helped it. I participated in it to get you back home. Dang, I wanted to kidnap you that first day of Apprenticeship, and drag your pretty bee_hind back home. Where, we now can be together…forever in South Beach. I love you, Tulu.” He kisses her soft lips, passionately.
“My warty-toad.” Tulu perfectly purrs inside his chest grinning with a silly smile.
“Ah, muffin. I didn’t believe Taffy, at first. Then, I found out on the second night of Apprenticeship that Baycliff had tricked all of us…looking for Amita. Amita always was stubborn and foolish-minded…now that’s my POV.” She bobs her skull once in silence agreement as he opinions. “Amita high-tailed off, leaving Baycliff high and dry in the white sands of Birmingham Cliffs, wanting to be the next new Apprentice for Hico. Baycliff was hurt…acted it, looked it, and talked it. Don’t understand that girl…” He shakes his blonde hair side to side then continues. “But hey, she’s belongs to Baycliff, not me. I gots you, babe.” He wraps steel biceps around her little body almost squeezing the oxygen out of her lungs while he smiles with happiness then passionately kisses her soft lips for five long seconds then they surface gasping for air.
“I gots my warty-toad.” Tulu playfully teases grinning back at him then kisses his lips.
McCamy surfaces, smiles, and storytells to Tulu. “Me and Hixson stormed out, mad, angry and used. I’m ashamed that I only…thunk of you, baby…selfishly. That’s why me and Hixson left the competition before the start. Taffy told…well, she suspected that Hico was guilty of more than running the silly dances. She was right, muffin. Taffy’s smart. Taffy’s tough. Taffy pursued, finding Amita. I’m glad she found Amita and them other South Beachers.”
Tulu chin whips her face deep into her chest with sobs of the victims inside the Silo as McCamy tenderly comforts her mixed emotions. “I saw you watching the dance competition on TV when we were penned like a farm hogs inside Hico’s pretend prison looking real sad about the other teens that died the other night.” Tulu bobs her skull in silence as streams of her wet tears roll down her pretty face then McCamy shuffles Tulu to face him as he tenderly expresses. “That’s not doing with you, right, Tulu, ya understand?” She bobs her skull up and down, once while he explains. “That’s Hico, Kodare, and Vovina’s doing. They…harmed all them teens. They’re going to pay for it, too. I swear along with Baycliff, Rusk, and Hixson to the Birmingham Cliffs. They’re going to pay. Don’t worry about Tourann, and Thelee, ya folks? Hixson’s with them, see how I sweet talked Hico into taking Hixson and leaving us.” He chuckles as she bobs her skull once in silence then he kisses her forehead and explains. “I did that…‘cause I couldn’t stand to see you leave me again…ever…okay, muffin?” She nods her skull side to side in agreement as he passionately kisses her lips for three long seconds then they surface.
“My warty-toad.” Tulu lovingly taunts as she grins with a toothy smile.
McCamy leans into her right eardrum while telling his secrets. “Ah, muffin, the next few days are…going to be dangerous for us, especially Taffy. But, don’t worry, muffin. We’re smart. We work good like a farm team of draft horses….me, you, Taffy, Baycliff, Rusk, Hixson….even that good old boy, Wolf-man. He’s smart with the TV devices. Amita looks pitifully weak, and sick. Let’s not count her on our team, just yet. But…we gots Pemona and her family that hates Hico and happy we saved her bee_hind.” He wraps both biceps around her body, closing his eyelids and plants his skull upon her sweet smelling hair of honeysuckles, and sighs then breathes, deeply, opening his eyelids then swings Tulu around to face him and starts on her forehead kissing his lips down to her nose bridge then cheekbones and finally on her soft lips for a very long time then they surface and giggle like little kids.
McCamy sees beauty then finger points at the delicate object flying over their skulls, updating. “See the pair of yellow Swallowtail butterflies, muffin.” She neck snaps her skull and eye balls to fluttering insects in the sky, bobbing her skull up and down, once then smiles as he expresses. “An ancient sign of love…between a boy and a girl.” She purrs with happiness into his chest.
Barn. Baycliff separates his body from talkative Rochelle, leading Amita by the hand a few paces north to a new structure as he opens one of the single door then ventures ahead of her. He brushes hay stalks and seedlings off the long wooden bench built against the wall inside the red horse barn smiles in a goofy grin and finger points at the empty spot.
Amita moves from the outside sun framing at the archway, hearing the short neighs of horses inside their stalls finishing their dinner as she parks her folded fists at her waist, presenting duck lips, ugly and roller balls her pupils deeply into the rear of her skull, complaining regally. “Here?”
“Private time for us, honey bell! Don’t wanna to be near the others.” Baycliff quietly sits on the bench, patting tenderly the spot next to him, offering peacefully.
“You mean, Taffy, don’t ya?” Amita snits with a quick retort and twists her chapped and red lips, ugly.
He purses his lips, funny and clarifies. “Naw. All them cowboys and cowgirls, just us. Private time before our bed time, honey bell.” Baycliff smiles with a big grin and pats tenderly the empty spot next to him.
Amita tosses her cropped skull into the air then cocks her skull sideways, advancing from the archway as the door slams shut then park her bee_hind on the bench as Baycliff cuddles her closetly into his naked chest between his two steel biceps for warmth, protection, and love.
She shakes her brown skull slightly side to side then confesses in her alto clarinet. “I’m so sorry, Baycliff. I thought of you day and night wondering if you had known what had happened to me.” She pauses for drama then talks in a flat tone. “I had accepted the consequences for all my actions….last year until…now…this moment while I am here with you. I can’t believe it’s really finally over.” She wraps her cold hands around Baycliff’s warm biceps and shakes her skull side to side then sighs and breathes, deeply.
“I watched for so long…,” Amita sighs then breathes, deeply for a second time and continues slowly her story. “My friends struggle for food, work and respect. Then, I lost Granny. She couldn’t take the confinement, and closet feeling that stopped her heart.” She inhales then exhales, deeply, eye burning him, talking in angry, frustration, and hate as she screwed her eyebrows, ugly. “I can’t believe you let me go so easily, Baycliff.”
“Honey bell…,” he softly sings in her left eardrum, cradling her lovingly.
Amita pulls back from the tight embrace, swiftly popping her open palm upright as a sign of quiet then briskly lectures. “I’m sorry, again that I’m difficult within my mind, body and soul…sometimes. I just wanted to see something new and different besides that farm, farming, and farm animals. That’s all.” She eye burns her hands then returns back her eyeballs to him, expressing in a soft alto oboe tone. “I really do respect you, Baycliff. You came looking for me. I can’t believe you did that. Thank you for coming to my rescue. You’re my hero.”
“Honey bell…,” he softly sings and re-cradles her into his steel bicep.
Amita pulls back from the embrace and rudely pops her palm upright for a second time and continues in stark clarinet. “I had lots of time to think when not working on these TV things, eating my limited amounts of food, pooping in the dirt like an animal or sleeping in the small hard cot like a solider. I hoped I could tell you how much I loved and missed you. But, I’m in stunned shock and surprise that you came to my rescue. This moment is incredible for me…” She pauses for drama then adds. “…for us.” Then Amita pauses again, ponders her mentally thought and presents duck lips, ugly then inquires with a sharp clarinet. “How on Planet Earth did you know where to find me? I mean, we…me and the missing South Beach girls have been living there since…since…” She blinks her eyelashes once, twice then thrice and swings her skull at Baycliff, inquiring. “What’s today? I have no idea what day of week it is? How silly of me?”
“Saturday, honey bell…” he informs, cradling her into his chest for love and protection.
Amita rests safely inside his hard steel muscles and daydreams of her childhood past as she rambles. “Saturday, I used to sleep late in my bed then eat a large breakfast plate of eggs, bacon, grits, biscuits, and home-made cinnamon rolls. Then, we…me and the farm hands would drive the tractor into the fields plowin’ or plantin’ or harvestin’ something. There’s always something to do on a cow and corn farm. When we finished our chores…(giggles)…we would drove the old tractor straight down into the cool water pond, scaring the bathing geese and floating swans into flying for cover.” She giggles with a girly tone and adds. “O! I will miss those days….”
“Honey bell…,” he softly sings in her left eardrum.
Amita smiles and breathes deeply then inquires without thought. “You found me. I’m so happy you found me. I’m back home, well almost. When are we leaving…(looks at the horse stalls)…here? I don’t like that girl Pemona, or her nosy family. We should leave. Here. Now. Since there’s some dull sunlight left before sun block time. We could be home if we didn’t have to stop and drop off that girl. Pemona’s not part of our group, is she? Rusk seems to like her. I thought Rusk was crazy for someone else. Wow! I have missed a lot of stuff. I want to go home….now.” Amita twirls her body towards his face, eye burning his wounds on his naked chest, inquiring. “Do you hurt? Your wounds are bunch of funny blue tinted colors with that medical iodine that Almena used as a poor substitute for doctoring medications. Ya know that stuff doesn’t wash off but has to wear off. I guess that helps them heal faster, right?”
“Honey bell…,” he softly sings in her left eardrum, wishing Amita would relax and enjoy their special limited private time together before they are required to return into the Fowler house for the evening’s rest then tomorrow their travels to see Hico.
“Her Mama’s nice and friendly….I guess that she helped with your wounds. So, she’s okay. But, I don’t like Wolf…Wolf-man. He’s Rider from the North Ridge Mountain Colony, isn’t he? Why are we hanging with Riders, Baycliff? They do not like us. They want us death…done…like slammed road kill. Wolf-person needs to go, too….go back to the mountains where he belongs? He’s going to cause us trouble…lots of trouble. If Hico sees him…”
“Honey bell, Amita.” He softly sings in her left eardrum while proper explanation since she missed the teen battle. “Wolf-man’s part of our group, now. Our group who is against Hico, Kodare, and the others that invades South Beach and harms our family and friends. Second, he saved your life.”
Amita presents duck lips, ugly then viciously attacks. “You saved my life. I saw you, first. I saw you drop from the ladder into the clay inside our Silo. I recognized only you, Baycliff…and then recognized snot-hole McCamy. I never liked McCamy…just like Taffy. They go well together.” She chuckles then presses her hands into her dirty pants swinging her face at him, inquiring sweetly. “Sooo, how’da ya find me, Baycliff?”
Baycliff scratches his exposed chest muscles itchy from his healing wounds and hard coated blue iodine, talking innocently. “Honey bell….(grins)…Taffy’s the real treasure hunter. I give her all the credit and brains, here. Taffy came up with a plot to spy on Hico and Vovina, our Superintendent of South Beach. Taffy figured out that Vovina was part of the plan that….misplaced ya, kinda. Taffy concluded that all South Beachers were missing…”
Amita pulls away from the embrace then eye burns him, screwing her eyebrows, ugly and names with fury. “Taffy? The one and only Taffy from Thelee Farms, she found me, not you. I don’t understand. How’da she know where to find me which you didn’t or couldn’t or wouldn’t? You told me that you figured out where I was. Is that a lie? Are you fibbing to me…after all we have been through the last year, Baycliff?”
“Honey bell…,” Baycliff names, and raises his palms in the air, complimenting. “I’m not lying to ya. Taffy’s smart…like you. She talked to our neighbors and gathered secret information about Apprenticeship and all the missing South Beach girls. Then, we…me, McCamy, Rusk, Hixson, and Taffy…all travels up to Metro City Birmingham, and parks there inside a underground root cellar inside Metro City Hall right below the Dance Hall and…(chuckles)…right under Hico’s bee_hind, searching for ya, honey bell. We found ya hidden inside the Silo.” He smiles with a big grin and tenderly pats her shaky hands.
She grins, bobbing her skull once then compliments. “You found me. All of ya’ll found me. I’m grateful.” She roller balls her pupils deeply into the rear of her skull, concluding. “Taffy is smart…sometimes too smart for her own good. And…I do recall clearly that Taffy gave Hico those loose bouquet of purple bull thistles which were weeds from her Daddy’s corn fields then the sharp prickles once replaced bleeds his hand to red. Hico cursed all the way to Metro City inside our transport.” Amita laughs with a girly tone as she tattles. “Hico sworn on his Mama’s grave to get that teen back…some day.” She chuckles with delight at the old mental pic.
Baycliff snorts with fury then comments with a seriously baritone. “Is that a threat on Taffy by Hico?” He calms his jumbled emotions and distorted facial features then chuckles at his new mental thoughts, sharing with a smirk. “I guess he has threatened Taffy and all of us…including Daddy….(chuckles)….if’an Hico is there messing up things in South Beach, Daddy’s not happy either’s Ebro, or Thelee nor…Hixson.” He chuckles then remarks. “Hixson’s getting company. McCamy says we leave tomorrow morning after sun up…”
Amita twists her chapped and raw lips, funny, bites at Baycliff. “Why’s he leader? You should lead us victoriously back home to South Beach. You’re smarter than McCamy. He’s a smart-hole. I never liked him. He’s only nice to Tulu, Taffy’s sister. Tulu’s nice, not a snot-hole like McCamy and smart-hole Taffy. They’re two of a kind in the plantation pea pod. They should be together as a couple since they think alike and boss alike. Nobody likes them. Even Hico didn’t pick Taffy for that malice move she pulled, did he? He picked me.” She bobs her skull once, grinning in a toothy smile while concluding. “I guess…I should thank…” She suddenly stops and pauses, gathering her mentally thoughts and eye burns the hay floor then returns her eyeballs back to Baycliff, parting her lips, widely then swiftly stands and swings her body directly at Baycliff while she parks her fist on her waist, announcing wildly. “Taffy caused this to happen to me.”
“Honey bell…,” he sings shaking his skull side to side at her nonsense logic and tenderly pats the empty spot so they can cuddle and chat before returning to the Fowler house before sun block.
Amita her wiggles right finger nail back and forth, reprimanding in a nasty tenor. “No, honey…me, Baycliff. Hico only selected smart Apprentices. If Taffy hadn’t played that slick step, she would’ve rode with Hico to Metro City Birmingham then she would have competed in the dance competition then she would have been imprisoned inside that dark, damp, and dank Silo in the ancient city called Huntsville for over a year, instead of me. I can’t believe she did this to me. I am…was her bestest friend in South Beach. Now, I know. I learn. I see. I am her stupid pawn. I can prove it.”
Amita twists her body to the side and paces back and forth in front of the horse stalls as the horses watch her swiftly movements then occasionally boldly neigh at her, pondering and thinking as she talks. “Hico has ordered Taffy arrested for killing the teens…all of them. She is a new fugitive from the law, Baycliff. Why are we hanging with a fugitive, Baycliff? We just will invite trouble…just like that. Taffy is trouble for all of us including you, Baycliff. We…you and me need to leave…here. Now I mean whether you’re healed, or not. I don’t want trouble for me…here, Baycliff.”
“Honey bell…,” he swiftly stands, extends both arms and wiggling finger pads for a loving hug to Amita trying to calm her willowing crazy mentally thoughts of Taffy and his friends.
Amita stops her pacing swinging her body towards advancing Baycliff as he stops and scans her angry face the she wiggles her index finger nail at him, reprimanding. “Don’t…you dare…hey honey, me, Baycliff! Taffy conned me and swindled you into her side picture show. You…I can’t believe this. You almost got killed from those nasty games plotted…you used that term…plotted by Taffy. She’s evil and sly like a fox. She is heading heads over her high heels into trouble and taking you up and down the roller coaster with her. Just look at your war wounds, covering your chest and abs…from her fight at that dance….or might I use the term ‘death’ competition having to protect your precious self.” She smiles sweetly at Baycliff as Baycliff crinkles his forehead, ugly in confusion.
Amita continues with a fierce brow and stern tenor. “Taffy should’ve been protecting you, instead of killing those poor helpless teens. Where were McCamy, Rusk, and Hixson…your so-called friends? I can tell ya…running like a pack of scary doggies away from their mama, tinkling on their hind legs as it runs down into the grass.” She plants her booted feet together, folding her arms over her dirty vest, commanding. “We leave, tomorrow without the other cowboys and cowgirls. We take Hico’s transport, and ride it back home to South Beach, especially without the presence of Taffy pudding. She’s trouble for you, Baycliff.” Baycliff parts his lips, widely as Amita huffs then puffs musically blows of compressed invisible air from her lips with hands on her waist, talking softly. “I hate Taffy.” She body spins out the barn doors away from Baycliff as he stands in awe and awful then his eardrums pick the loud wild screams.
Baycliff rushes his body outside the barn into the fading sunlight, seeing the swarm of yellow, blue, red, green, pink, white, and black different shaded of color along with a variety of butterflies that land and cover Amita’s arms and shoulders as he paces to Amita, chuckling while batting his hand and watches gently objects fly from her body, updating. “Butterflies attract salt in your sweat for sodium…that’s all.”
Butterflies date back to mid-Eocene epoch of Earth between 50 million ago. They travel in swarms over great distances for breeding seasons. Butterflies have four wings that cover with tiny scales. The fore and hind wings are not hooked together which create their free floating graceful flight using all six of their legs.
Amita nosily sobs from her pale nostrils as wet tears flows from eye socks then talks softly. “I hate bugs.”
Baycliff holds her close as they slowly walk towards the Fowler house comforting her fright of the evening while his brilliant mind recalls from his Ancient History Book that a single butterfly symbols “one person’s fleeing soul” while a large numbers of butterflies can be viewed as a “bad omen.”
Tire swing. Pemona and Rusk slowly stroll hand in hand to the pretty woodland setting as she finger points at the set of objects. “Tire swing. Ever seen one?” Rusk shakes his skull sideways  while she slaps with hardy musically tone the thick black rubber, smiling prettily, and tosses back her brown skull of long hair, explaining. “Its rubber used before Nuke III on moving cars, trucks, airplanes…the like…too boot. Daddy taught me. He teaches us a lot since school doesn’t educate properly per Daddy.” She holds the tire steady and commands for fun. “Hop on!”
“We use sets of big rubber tires almost five feet tall on some of the terrain tractors in the deeper fields, lasting a good bit longer than them iron rusty spokes.” Rusk places both his palms on the hard rubber then leaps, T-rex into the opening, fumbling his legs around the circled rubber until his body is securely attached to the swing then finger points into his lap as Pemona giggles with a girly tone and shakes her skull sideways.
“Betta not! If I vomit at the dinner table, tonight Mama’ll know we be close dancing, or something…” She winks her eyelash, left at him then clarifies. “She’s a medical doc, knows all about that stuff, and watches over her baby chicks…too boot.”
Rusk chuckles, nodding his skull once with the silence agreement then joshes. “Good observation for today! Ya be cured…by tomorrow, right?” He grins with a wickedly smile as she smile and nods with positive response then he adds, scanning the open terrain of Fowler Farms. “Pretty here, I like it. Different but sorta like my farm….”
“You told me all about your farm located on the limestone cliffs with the van ride down, remember?” Rusk bobs his skull in silence as she observes. “I guess all farms here in South Beach have about the same landscapes of yellow corn stalks, white cotton fields, and lots of black and white cows…over there…grazing quiet and mellow.” She smiles and eye burns Rusk, studying. “You’re like those cows quiet and mellow with tender feelings and smarts…like books. You’re different from your twin…” Rusk chuckles at the compliment as she continues. “I guess you’ve heard that a lot being a twin. He’s not very friendly and bossy too boot…”
“Don’t ever cross McCamy! He likes ya less than before. He came out first. Mama always joked making him protector of me, his little brother. He fulfills that role dang seriously, too.” Rusk shares the brotherly motto while his body twirls in a completed circle in the tire swing for fun and flirtation with Pemona who reminds him of Taffy.
She leans her bee_hind into the tree bark, watching Rusk swing, cute-like around the circle, gossiping. “That’s nice! Rochelle is the baby, too but kinda sissy and really nosy…too boot. Ugh! She saw us on TV last night and has been asking me nosy questions about Apprenticeship and my part of the fighting…killings. I still can see the kids wearing their masks…of death. I can’t stop the images.” She eye burns Rusk, inquiring. “Do you, also?”
“Before last night, I have never killed a person, maybe lots of animals including sick livestock on the farm and hunting wildlife around the woodlands. A person? Naw. Don’t think about it during the heat of battle. Live or die? Die or live? I just live…that’s all.” Rusk comments, eye burning the skyline as he spins around again completing another circle in the tire swing.
Pemona bobs her skull up and down, once and agrees. “Just live…I like that. That’s all. Me…too boot.” She giggles with a  girly tone, smiling and winks her eyelash, right while storing her bad memories of dead Brazoria deep within her sub-consciousness while he helps to concentrate on cute, shy, and quiet Rusk.
Rusk hustles his body off the tire swing, grabbing her hand, chatting. “Yeah. Like it here. Ya gots of fun stuff.” He pops a hardy fist into the rubber tire with his hand then lists as they stroll to the wooden picnic table that he has seen in old books. “Tire swing, slide, kiddie swings….(knocks on the table)….table for picnics morn, or night. My farm don’t have fun things…only cotton, cows, and corn…maybe some cats, and bears. Ya like bears?” Rusk sits on top of the sturdy four-legged and long table.
Pemona joins next to him batting her eyelashes at Rusk, confessing. “I do not think I have ever met a bear. Are they friendly?”
Rusk grins with a toothy smile then hand crawls his finger pads onto her flat knuckles resting along the wood then shoots his finger pads up towards her forearm, elbow then her shoulder, drawing Pemona’s face closer to his mouth then hugs her body, whispering softly. “Yeah, very friendly and cute…too boot…”
“I like cute. I have heard they like sweets…too boot.” She seductively purrs as she shoos with her right hand the single Monarch butterfly that has landed upon Rusk’s left shoulder then shifts her ten fingers upon his naked chest filled with his combo red wounds and blue coated medicine slashes, rubbing tenderly the skin and giggling.
He whispers in her left eardrum softly. “Them bears and I both like…something sweet.” She giggles as he tenderly kisses her soft lips.
Flower garden. Wolf slowly walks to the patch of pretty flowers, feeling the soft petals between his calloused finger pads, admiring the beautiful yellow flora as Rochelle pads beside him, educating. “Tulips, they keep bugs away from the garden vegetables.”
“Prefer red…,” Wolf grins with a wickedly smirk as he eye burns at Taffy while she snorts with adventure while recalling his vocal threat to Hico. Taffy swirls her body into the iron chair off the back porch near the flower and vegetable garden, rotating her neck muscles around the lovely landscaped grounds of Fowler Farms.
Rochelle twists her lips, funny and inquires. “We only have batches of yellow tulips, do want one, or couples for your sweetie in South Beach, Wolf-man.” She smiles sweetly at Wolf as he winks his eyelid, left landing next to Rochelle on the hard iron couch then she eye burns Taffy, swinging her legs off the bench, and asks. “How many more South Beachers, ya guess are working within the mines? Not mines. Wait. Amita called it, Silos. I want to help. I can do anything to help. What can I do to help, Taffy?”
Taffy purses her lips, funny while eye gleaming at a sideway glance the TV inside Wolf’s hands. “What’da ya think, Wolf-man? What’s your real name…Wolf person?”
Wolf eye burns the TV screen while updating with a serious message. “Wolf-man’s fine…. (pings the TV with his finger)…gotta tell ya’ll. This…here’s… (pings the TV again with his finger)…information is messed up good. Hico’s riled every sane and insane brain cell into thinking you… (finger points at Taffy)…Taffy are a murderess, fugitive, and loco poco nut case. Bravo, girl!”
“Thanks, I think.” Taffy joshes then giggles.
Wolf sniggers and tattles. “Everyone’s talks of taking ya down, hangin’ ya by your finger nails high from them Oak trees off the side of the Birmingham Cliffs. Man, I do not want to be in your high heels.” He snorts with adventure, watching the data flow of information from the small TV screen.
Rochelle gently slaps Wolf’s right bicep, reprimanding in her flute soprano. “Don’t you hang her, too, Wolf-man? Taffy’s a heroine to me and my family. She saved Pemona.”
Taffy downs the cool beverage, shallows then credits while finger pointing at the real hero. “Actually, Wolf-man saved Pemona…from…some of the other…un-friends.”
Rochelle hums then stops the music and eye burns the patio table right in front of her feet then returns her eyeballs to Taffy. “I saw. We saw the dance competition…last night. Daddy won’t allow me to view the TV this morning when we saw Pemona un-masked, last night.” She pauses for drama, leaning heavily across the table and softly whispers. “I can’t ask Mama or Daddy.  They’ll freak out. Okay? And don’t tattle on me, either. Okay?” Wolf bobs his skull in silence as Taffy present duck lips, ugly while Rochelle inquires. “Did…you…(finger points at Taffy)…you…(finger points at Wolf)….really kill…ya know…kill these teens? How many did you kill? What was it like?”
Wolf twists his lips, ugly while he eye burns Taffy then return his eyeballs to Rochelle, bobbing his skull up and down several times while lecturing. “Kill or be killed! That’s an old axiom Daddy taught me when I was little cub. Yeah, I sliced, and diced my steel flash blades made of bite-nats paint into all the teen’s boney chests, fleshy hearts, and moisture eyeballs, not pretty, either Rochelle but just my plain ole survival instinct. That kicks in during any deadly dangerous dilemma…”
Taffy softly adds. “Rochelle, ya don’t think about the act, just react to the moment…like Wolf-man tells. I never feared anything so scary. My legs, fingers, and heart were shaking the entire time. I can’t run. I can’t hide. But, I can fight…for my right to breathe and see the sun rise the next day.”
Rochelle smacks her eyelashes upright, talking in a nervous piccolo. “Do ya think I might have to fight to breathe the next day, Taffy?”
“No, absolutely not, Rochelle.” Taffy briskly reacts, shaking her skull side to side.
Wolf licks his lips while eye burning Taffy. “Ya don’t know what’s going to happen next, Taffy. We all might have to…”
Taffy swiftly stands, eye burning Wolf and swings her bent arms at the elbows in opposite directions like when Mama gets mad at Taffy for being a bad teen, commanding. “No, I say no. We’re smart, smarter than Hico. We’ll figure another way to rid him out of South Beach and return our land to us…forever. Our parents…”
Wolf edges his legs on the iron bench, firmly reminding. “Your parents were kidnapped in Metro City and are currently being held hostages by Hico in South Beach if McCamy’s facts are correct. That means that we all have to fight to get them out of there….or…”
“Wolf-man…,” Fowler echoes inside the archway of the living room, moving into the flower garden as Wolf swiftly stands and eye burns Taffy then swings his body towards the archway, meeting with Fowler as Fowler greets. “Mind assisting me with my little pet project? I got a nice surprise for us after dinner.” Wolf bobs his skull once in silence then exits the front porch following Fowler into the house.
Living Room. Dessert. 87ºF clear sky. Starry night. 6pm. Wolf finishes with rigging the power wires successfully into the TV screen on the wall, standing and steps ba6ck beside Fowler, grinning with a toothy smile, admiring his work, and his claps hands for attention, explaining. “Fixed it! Watch this…(presses button on the remote)…we’re getting real live action feed from Hico.”
“Sit, everyone. Let’s see what Director Hico has planned for tonight’s events.” Fowler orders and shuffles to the love seat with his wife Almena.
Teens park bee_hinds upon clothed seats, watch and wait quietly as love bird couple #1, Tulu cuddles sweetly inside McCamy’s chest in the oversized chair near the double sized windows beside love bird couple #2, Amita and Baycliff side by side their bodies while holding hand by hand on the long dull white and gray striped sofa, right side.
Love bird couple #3 Rusk and Pemona snuggle…sorta holding their hands together but their bodies are clearly separated in different two chairs as Daddy Fowler gleams occasionally at Rusk. Developing love bird couple #4, Wolf grabs the left side of long white and gray sofa as Rochelle plants her short legs in middle of sofa then she shyly scoots her body towards Wolf while she giggles, covering her mouth with her dirty finger nails.
I soldierly stand, viewing the occupied couples on the occupied furniture, feeling isolated, lonely, and sad then quickly eye burn Rusk and Pemona and swing my body towards the last piece of furniture in the Fowler house living room a single antique wooden rocking chair, parking my bee_hind as pig squeaking rounded legs bombard the quiet space. Eyeballs turn to me. I steady the old chair with my tall body and flat feet, watching the rows of silver and gray static clear on TV screen.
Hico wears a baby blue and white checkered cotton cowboy-like short sleeved shirt paired with faded blue jeans as the floating communication globe twirls around his bald skull. He chats continuously and waves hands left then right as we read. “…enjoyed my dinner of fried chicken, buttered mashed potatoes, hot home-made biscuits, and sweet pecan pie.” Applaud immediately follows by quiet then he teases. “Is everyone enjoying your visit, also?” Applaud immediately follows by quiet then he words. “Excellent, I promised a good time here in South Beach.” Applaud immediately follows by quiet as he adds. “At this moment, the platform for our new Huntress Game…(smiles)…ladies, first.” Hoots echo as quiet follows then he continues. “…is being constructed a mile south of here.” McCamy twists his lips, ugly then neck snaps his skull to Rusk while Rusk bobs his skull once in agreement then Hico ends. “I estimate the completion work within two more days.” Applaud immediately follows by quiet as he begins. “Everyone is excited and pumped for the fight…or flight.” Applaud immediately follows by quiet as he talks. “Entry teams are anxiously competing for the first whack at our returning champs, South Beach Bandits.” Hoots ring as quiet follows then he informs. “To accommodate the lucky first revel team into the Huntress Game, I have created the ‘Showcase’ event.” He twists his skull to Vovina and intros. “The lovely vision of sugar plums, our own Superintendent Vovina will present…the ‘Showcase.’ Vovina, if you please…,” Hico extends hand to her, assisting her raising from the chair as Vovina wears a satiny yellow long sleeve cowgirl blouse with a set of white fringy long strings bobbing against her big breasts, paired with a blue kneecap-length circular skirt with matched colors of blue and yellow cowgirls boots. She soldierly stands at the podium, smiling a toothy grin and explains in alto clarinet. “Thank you, Director Hico. I’m Vovina, your Superintendent. I’m happy to be present, here in South Beach with ya’ll and pleased to bring you the Huntress Game.” Applaud, immediately follows by quiet as she lectures. “Our first revel team against them baddie South Beach Bandits will be the grand winner of our ‘Showcase’ event. Showcase will invite all the competitive teams…or teens in this case to show off their best creative imagination of teen intellect using their bite-nats talent.” Applaud immediately follows by quiet as she clarifies. “Your team comes up with a wild and crazy theme for your case to show-off to the team of judges…that’s us. Then, the best theme wins the first whack at the Bandits.” Wild applaud, hoots, and whistles immediately as Hico stands and tenderly pecks Vovina on her cheekbone.
Hico moves to the podium and explains. “Thank you, superintendent Vovina. There, you have the ‘Showcase’ event explanation. Tomorrow, you set up your exhibition using any expectable theme that your young teen minds can mustard then we will judge the exhibitions later in the afternoon selecting the revel team for the Huntress Game to go up against the South Beach Bandits.” Applaud, hoots, and whistles immediately as the final picture lingering on the TV screens zooms and clearly display the six-members of the South Beach Bandits with six feet and four-inched, blonde haired Hixson standing in middle of the young teens.
I swiftly stand as the rocking chair pig squeaks violently, finger jabbing viciously at the TV monitor, complaining. “Hixson….Hixson’s not part of the South Beach Bandits. That’s us…not him. He didn’t compete last night…or today.” I finger point at my chest, clarifying. “We did. And we ain’t there to participate in Hico’s freak show. So…he replaced us by endangering more teens in his crazy dance competition that’s now named the Huntress Games, girls first.” I snort then stomp my bare feet and fold my arms over my dirty vest, demanding. “We have to stop this madman.” 
“Only recognized Hixson, who be the rest of them teens?” Rusk rumbles in his baritone trombone, looking at Baycliff.
Pemona slowly stands, finger pointing at the TV with the pics of the new South Beach Bandits, clarifying. “She…she’s.” She eye burns the floor then returns her eyeballs to Almena, reminding. “That’s little Maxi Jo. Ya know her, Mama? She lives here, and attends school with Rochelle. She’s only fourteen…years old. She’s a baby, Mama.” 
“Pemona, you’re my baby girl until time is over for me.” Almena stands, walks, and hugs her crying daughter.
Amita updates, sitting with her cross legs and arms, eye burning me. “Director Hico always wanted to add younger teens less then sixteen years old to Apprenticeship.”
Tulu proposes. “I agree to help whatever I can. But we need a plan…a good plan that saves everyone…” She eye burns me as I bob my skull in silence, recalling our parents are being held as hostages of Hico then Tulu orders. “Everyone has to be saved, McCamy.” She hugs her guy as McCamy kisses her sweet smelling honeysuckle hair.
“Baycliff?” I name in my flute soprano and eye burn him.
“Taffy?” Baycliff rumbles in his baritone trombone.”
“Cough up plan, Baycliff.” I present duck lips, ugly parking my folded fist on my hips as Baycliff places both cupped fists over his mouth then obnoxiously coughs then chuckles as I tease him with a smile. “He’s sick…mentally. I’ll do it. How about….about…” I ponder then suggest swinging my body towards the TV. “Revel team fights Hixson, right?” Teen skulls bob up and down several times in silence as I postulate. “Most likely the revel team ain’t going to be another set of teens from South Beach…”
Wolf injects, grunting with animal sounds then laughs a hardy baritone. “Knowing Hico, like we do.” He grins with a toothy smile, naming. “Revel team be Riders. Riders born tough, rough, big and mean…(faces TV)…tear them South Beachers apart…”
“ ‘xcept for Hixson, he holds his own.” Baycliff compliments quickly and smiles at Wolf as Wolf shakes his skull and chuckles with the lame idea of one single Bandit against a posse of Riders.
“Settled.” Rusk swiftly stands, cuddling Pemona into his arms and neck snaps his skull to McCamy, orders. “We can’t let Hico win. We can’t let those teens die in place of us…”
Baycliff laughs with an evil baritone and ends Rusk’s statement, differently. “Plan not to die, replacing them, or you, hoss.” He fist-bumps his hand with laughing McCamy.
“Taffy?” Tulu names while she worries about everyone, shaking her skull side to side.
I update being the leader of the Bandits. “We…. (finger points at teens)…me and ya’ll around the room…will not let that happen, warty she-toad.” I smile at my sister then finger point at McCamy. “Right, warty he-toad?” McCamy bobs his skull in silence while he cuddles Tulu into his chest.
I bob my skull up and down, once and agree. “Right, Wolf-man.” I pace around my chair with my hand on my chin, pondering. “Hico’ll fix it that the revel team is Riders against our neighbors…”
“….and friends…” Rochelle adds, hugging her Daddy’s body.
“But…,” I suddenly stop walking and swing my body to the teens, tattling. “Hico’s pretending to be diplomatic, creating that dumb ‘Showcase’ event. He plans to reward the first whack to one of the Rider team’s so they can…,” teen skulls bob up and down several times at my ideas as I conclude. “So, we be the revel team.” I raise my arms parallel the floor and announce wildly. “We enter this thing called ‘Showcase’ and win it. We fight…I mean…we don’t fight against our own kin. Ya know, we peacefully surrender to Hico at the beginning of the Huntress Game. So, we…and no other persons get hurt, harmed, or humbled.” I bob my skull, smiling in victory, folding my arms across my dirty vest.
Tulu claps her hands, smiling and bounces her naked tiptoes inside McCamy’s chest, proclaiming. “Hurray, Taffy! That’s a great plan and everyone will live.”
“Including me…” Baycliff jokes then eye burns Amita with a smile, cuddling her into his chest while he softly whispers, “…you, too?”
“Brilliant, Plan Mistress.” McCamy grins and compliments. “Tell Daddy to bring his shotgun, finish gift wrapping Hico for Christmas delivery during the first night of Huntress Game with the two winning teams of South Beachers.” Baycliff fist-bumps his hand with McCamy’s as they chuckle with victory.
Fowler claps hands together and body spins to sitting teens, lecturing. “We have swift plans to prepare for rescue mission. First off, you kids can’t drive on the roads without recognition of that Metro City Birmingham van. You need new rides. I have the perfect solution. Boys, follow me!” He grins with a toothy smile, swinging his body towards the back porch door then disappears into the kitchen.
Baycliff punches McCamy’s bicep, smiling as he jaw tips his skull towards the kitchen then he kneecaps on one leg, tenderly kissing Amita on her chapped lips, swinging his body upright and twirling then manly struts toward same archway that Fowler used.
McCamy hugs Tulu close, closing his eyelids, and plants his skull on her sweet smelling black hair of honeysuckles, and sighs then breathes, deeply, opening his eyelids, kissing her forehead, nose bridge, and cheekbone then her soft pink lips. They surface as McCamy whispers a quick set of secret words into her face then stands, pivots, grinning as he struts behind Baycliff.
Rusk closetly hugs on Pemona then tenderly pecks her right cheekbone in front of her Mama and me then pivots, grinning in a silly smirk as he follows McCamy out the kitchen archway.
Wolf stands while being blocked by short Rochelle who smiles and winks her eyelash, right at him as Wolf grunts in a soft animal sound and quickly moves around Rochelle then he glances his face behind his left shoulder and winks his eyelid, left at Rochelle so Almena doesn’t see the flirtation. Rochelle giggles then covers her mouth with both her hands while Wolf follows behind Rusk.
Fowler’s Laboratory. Fowler gently lifts the garage-sized single vertical door revealing a rectangular storage room that measure 15 feet high x 35 feet wide x 50 feet long, lecturing. “Boys, welcome to my laboratory.” He chuckles, finger points from the ceiling to floor, gossiping. “Almena don’t like me staining the Parley floors she laid last summer with my messy inventions.” He chuckles, tenderly patting the roof top of the low sitting vehicle similar to the old-fashioned golf cart without a roof, updates. “Call them ATV or….atmospheric terrain vehicles of 4 feet and 3 inches height which is shorter than my wife and 4 feet and 1 inches across the body but not wider than my wife and finally 7 feet long with 3 feet of cargo storage.” He chuckles and corrects to the teens. “Lame joke, but these babies ain’t no joke. Runs on steam pumped water newly patented by…me.” He grins with a toothy smile, educates. “Ya see, heated water is generated for the gears inside the engine tank that creates a vacuum of condensation atmospheric steam that forces…or blows like on an ocean sea in this case the vehicle into motion in any direction…”
Baycliff sees the fantasizing shiny pointy thing, grabbing the old-fashion look of a fencing saber, swinging it left then right, and dances back and front, while listening to Fowler and comments in a nasty timbre. “Prefer direction of Dictator Hico…”
The skeleton framed ATV colors in grayish-black with a T-bone shaped metal roof consisting of no overhead hood, no side doors, no rear doors, no covering over the cargo box, and two naked rough worn cow leather seats of beige and a gray scratched metal hood that covers the single engine. There are four gray metal fenders over the four wheels that ride upon 19 inched front black rubber tires, 21 inched rear black rubber tires, and a water tank inside the cargo bed.
Rusk chuckles, touching gingerly his finger pads over the metal outline of the topless vehicle, admiring the home-made workmanship, and educates. “The history of the stream engines dates back to the Roman times. They drove carts on the streets with wheel grooves cut into the dirt roads for smoother travels. Then, the movement from people pulling carts to horse pulling transports evolved from the coal mines of England in the year 1630 with the system of wagons on iron wheels of wooden tracks pulled by animal power…meaning horses, not Baycliff.” Rusk laughs along with the other teens and Fowler as Baycliff stops fencing his saber then hisses like a snake at Rusk for the evil comment.
Rusk continues. “The wooden tracks gave way to more efficient iron tracks in the year 1776 in Sheffield, England. The first steam train was invented by Richard Trevithick in the year 1804 and hauled a cargo of coal to Penydarrn, South Wales which was trucked on iron tracks, featuring an inner furnace….(moves around to ATV engine, pops light hood, examines gears)….like this model.”
“Give that young man a quarter made of ten percent silver.” Fowler jokes, fun-like then invites. “Have a sit…(pats the rough & torn cloth seat)…,” McCamy jumps, kitten-like inside the cockpit, banging his palms musically on the leather wrapped steering wheel then gingerly touches his finger pads to the floor stick that represents the three-speed transmission of the ATV. He sees the simple marks which designate the letter ‘P’ for park; the letter ‘D’ for drive; the letter ‘R’ for reverse, pumping with his worn cowboy boot toe feeling the ‘brake’ pedal, first then the ‘go’ pedal. Fowler instructs. “The ATV floors at max speed of 40 miles per hour but can’t outrun a Quarter horse, I’m afraid.”
“Then, let’s use horses for faster transportation. My fists are anxious to meet Hico.” Wolf swiftly proposes lifting the old-fashioned single golf club which was associated with the golfing sport of old America, and examines it, vertically then lands the head upon the concrete floor, swinging it like he was hitting Hico’s skull off his fat body then chuckles with an evil tone.
“Naw. Horses require rest, shelter, food, and water. Just guessing, here…we can’t hold them at Daddy’s stables, either since Hico might be spyin’ on Daddy watchin’ and waitin’ for us to show…good odds we would show on horses being excellent true Riders…” Rusk playfully winks his eyelid, right at Wolf as Wolf chuckles at the challenge while he continues to practice his swing of Hico’s skull off his fat body then Rusk humors, “…’xcept Baycliff, of course. Can’t ride a tricycle with the training wheels.” Cowboy baritone trombone laughter rings in the room immediately.
Baycliff presents duck lips, ugly, whining in a kiddie tenor. “Hear ya, hoss.” Wolf swings his pretend golf club, looking at pretend strike, and chuckling at the funny conversation.
 “Can’t talk using proper pronouns, neither.” Rusk teases as more cowboy baritone laughter rings in the room.
Fowler teaches while he searches the crowded desk for the item. “Back to business, boys. This here ATV totes two adults easily with the use of the safety webbing to hold your bodies in place. There’s a foot brake activation system connected to the larger 21 inched rear tires for mud traction on the South Beach wild terrain and less potholed roads along with a twin sets of working headlights and taillights….(points inside ATV at starter)….this here starts the engines. All the running accessories use steam vapors which is a slower ride but ya’ll get ya there safely. I’d suggest a mixture of heavy boy, and light girl as passengers.”
“Get Daddy’s permission, Rusky.” Wolf boasts then fist-bumps his hand with Rusk, chuckling.
Fowler neck snaps his skull to Wolf, words with a seriously timbre, presenting dead pan lips. “I’ll pretend I didn’t hear that statement, Wolf-man.” He spins his face and eye burns the ATV, leaning against the T-frame of non-existent roof, holding the map in the air, reading out loud to the teens. “Four transports, 8 folks at max 40 mph…(reads the map of Birmingham)….(calculates in his brain)…from here to there…15 miles putt-putt at an adjusted 35 miles per hour taking into account one heavy body and one light body. That gives ya about 42 minutes, and 8 seconds for your arrival at the farthest point of the Birmingham Cliffs.” He lays the map down upon the table and exchanges the map for another item then hands off the helmet to Rusk for his inspection, ordering. “I have goggles for the daylight hours. But…you must wear these heavy black tinted helmets if you run between ‘sun block’ times. Sun rays can blind ya, permanently if it hits the retina at the right angle.”
He sighs then breathes, deeply, commenting flatly. “I experience that medical problem with some of the dumb cows grazing during sunrise. They’re eaten first, since they can’t wander around getting fat, and used as yummy filler for my hunger dogs.” Fowler twists his lips, ugly and warns fatherly. “So, use the helmets, everyone understands?” Teen skulls bob up and down in silence at the wise advice as Fowler compliments and smiles. “Good. Safety, first or maybe safe as you can.” He nosily clears his throat then subject changes. “Grant this, I’m guessing, here. Based on that broadcast of Hico, he’s building that platform…,” Fowler empties incompletely.
“On Daddy’s land…” McCamy fills completely then cranks the cold engines, listening to the purr of the motor and neck snaps his skull at Fowler, holding a ‘thumbs up’ signal.
Fowler cheers with victory. “Gentlemen, let’s start your engines…” He leads his body outside the laboratory as Wolf slides his body into the empty seat beside McCamy, waving his ransomed golf club wildly on his side of the cart as McCamy roars the engine, chuckles and smiles while shifting the stick into the letter ‘D’ for drive. Rusk and Baycliff load into their individual ATV and roar the engines, hearing the motor purrs then swiftly bolt outside the laboratory walls into the fading sun-lighted road for a quick fun and short adventure.
Play room. Petite five feet and three-inched Almena with brown hair like her daughter Pemona leads the girls into a new room then finger points at the regular height round table, watching the teens scoot chairs around the surface. The room floor decorates in pink and purple granite, and measures 20 feet by 20 feet with a wall of mirrors on the north side, a ballet bar on the side purple wall, wooden low chests line the east pink wall and a set of French doors view the western sun set if you could see it with your naked eyeballs which flows out to a brown clay bricked patio. Almena shifts her feet to close off the steel French door blinds from the “sun block” rays of the night time period in the South Beach Colony of Metro City Birmingham. 
“Mama, it’s the boring play room…ya know for little kids to play in. I’m a teen…” Rochelle complains, parking her folded fists on her narrow hips and eye burns Mama and Mama’s weird behavior.
Physician-minded Almena walks, leaning heavily into Amita’s thin shoulders, and covers Amita with the light blanket from the cool temperatures bombarding the play room, whispering softly into Amita’s left eardrum. “You need rest…starting now. My understanding that ya’ll will be leaving, early morning hours heading into…” She bows her skull into her neck then whips it sharply into the air and cautions once again into Amita’s left eardrum. “You need to be ready and alert. I don’t know what…awaits ya’ll but you have to be rested, Amita for the trip.” Amita bob she skull up and down, once in silence then slowly stands, pivots, and exits with the archway with Almena leading Amita to one of spare bedrooms.
Rochelle bounces her body up and down inside her assigned chair and neck snaps her skull to the empty hallway, asking. “I wanna help ya’ll when ya’ll go into South Beach, tomorrow. Mama’ll approve if you tell her, Taffy and Tulu that I’m needed to fight…”
Pemona reprimands her baby sister sharply. “No way, Rochelle! You stay here. Mama needs you here to watch over the horses, the gardens and the place along with Daddy. He needs you here, too.”
“Rochelle…,” An invisible body voices in alto clarinet.
“Do not mention this to Mama, Rochelle….” Pemona wiggles her index finger at her baby sister.
Almena carries with both hands the handles of the brown weaved picnic basket into the room, placing the heavy item on top of widest chest, panting heavy then breathes lightly and talks. “Hope you girls don’t mind. Since…I sent my daughter to Apprenticeship ignorant of the danger and more ignorant of Director Hico, I have some ideas that I’d like to share. Please bear with me. I am the adult. You are the teens. As a mother, I possess these maternal instincts that don’t go away…to help both my daughters and my pseudo-daughters.” She swings her body and smiles at the table of teen girls, wiping the wet tears from her eye sockets then claps her hands like a little kid for fun, explaining. “Focusing on our only known strategy is this ‘Showcase’ event, I do not think that we need a super duper presentation. Any ideas, ladies?”
I quickly express. “Let’s eliminate the more popular themes that aren’t going to impress Hico like…”
“Cowgirls…us! ‘Cause…we can’t be imitated?” Tulu shouts, first, ginning with a stupid grin and striking her fist into the empty air.
“Right, girlfriend.” Pemona fist-bumps her hand with Tulu’s as they giggle in unison.
I list. “Cowboys and Indians, Dinosaurs, Circus, Musical…”
“Dancing…,” Rochelle twangs then covers her hand over her mouth, chuckling. “Sorry, I want to help….”
“Your help’s welcomed, Rochelle just keep helping.” I offer, nodding my skull at her idea since I have a silly little sister as well then wink my eyelash, right at Tulu as she smile back at me.
“Mama, I want to…,” Rochelle neck snaps her skull to her Mama, asking.
Almena tenderly pat her baby girl’s skull, smiling and ignoring the posed question then orders to Rochelle. “Help me pass out those pictures, Rochelle around the table. I have pics of the Victorian period inside the country of Great British when Queen Victoria was crowned in 1837 until her death in 1901. This era was considered the longest historical time period of peace, prosperity, refined sensibilities, and elegance during England’s rule. This period included new styles of art work, architecture, culture, and couture.” She sees weird faces on the teens and defines. “Couture means dresses for girls and jackets for guys.”
“O! These so pretty are called…,” Rochelle views the handful of glossy pics, slinging the photos across table at other teens.
The glossy pictures wears a white lacey corset from the top of the girl’s breasts to the bottom of her waist then flows a rich brown bustle wrapped floor-length dress from the girl’s waist into a pair of satin lace covered leather brown boots, the girl holds a cute rich brown tea topper hat on her skull sliding sexy over her right eyebrow.
“Corsets were used during this period Victorian time making a female’s waist small, smaller, smallest…(giggles)…underneath the short, or waist length jackets filled with a single frilly cotton feminine blouse for an elegant shape, and short sexy movements for your gents.” Almena winks his eyelash, right, and grins with a toothy smile, educating and pulls the rusty cans from the picnic basket. “What do you think?”
“Bite-nats, you have bite-nats. Mama, where did those come from?” Pemona lifts the brown can of paint in the air.
Almena ignores Pemona’s direct question, repeating to the teens, twice. “What do you think of my idea for a Victorian ‘Showcase’?”
“I like the frilly blouses, and long gathered skirts with Christmas wrapped bows in back of the dresses making you like elegant and girly.” Rochelle comments, while studying pictures, and finger points at the different components within the Victorian assembly for a gracefully female of 1840’s.
“Where do we store the weapons…we need weapons for defending ourselves?” I ask.
“Practice drawing your Victorian clothes upon your bodies for the showy exhibition tomorrow then we can find a place…somewhere.” Almena scatters the tools along the surface table in piles. “Find your favorite color can, and grab a brush, pulling your hair into a tight bun behind your neck muscles then paint your hat around the crown of your skull…only.”
I circle the brush around the edge of my forehead to the rear of my skull coloring it yellow then I thicken the edge of the circle for a small rim of the tea topper hat and thicken the center of my skull which is the center of the hat with straight lines of red, green and blue as I watch my hands work and reflect in the mirror and mentally perform the think object: hat. A yellow silk trimmed cute and tiny tea topper hat with a series of vertical stripes consisting of red, green, and blue circle horizontally around the topper and me. I flip my bee_hind around to mirror, seeing the back view of my hat, grinning and giggling with delight.
Pemona paints a blue silk tea topper with rows of white horizontal stripe made of up red-hearted symbols paired with a red flower on the left side of her hat.
Rochelle colors an orange flat pancake on skull, mewing loudly in disappointment. “Mama?”
Tulu paints a solid white mini-topper over her skull, tilting the hat to the left side of her face almost to her ear tip, covering with a thin netting white veil over her left eye socket, smiling silly at her creation in the mirror.
I exclaim and finger point at my earlobes. “Look at my tiny inches of sharp daggers that I made from the black bite-nats that point downward from my ear lobes. If I jerk it off and place the smooth earring in the center of my palm then pivot the sharp metal directly at Hico’s heart then I gots a new baby weapon.” I giggle with revenge as the teens stare and study my invention.
“I like.” Pemona moves closer to my skull, complimenting and bobbing her skull up and down several times with acknowledgement as she wickedly smiles at me. She splashes a dash of yellow bite-nats paint onto each ear lobe and mentally performs the think object: daggers. She moves to study her image in the mirror, swirling her skull left then right, and pings the new set of sharp daggers against her neck and giggles with a girly tone.
Almena reports after her visual inspection. “Excellent job so far, girls.” She holds a picture in the air waves and illustrates her words. “There are a set of numerous considerations for jacket styles and textures. You can choose from the elegant tuxedo jacket with the turn down collar edged with black for an impressive true aristocrat princess of the time or…maybe ya want to try a rag-tag mesh-mash of pieces with an unique individual leather colored corset that doesn’t match the long wool fishtail skirt and if you dare to wear this.” She giggles then details. “The skin baring and scantily clad single body hugging leather or lacey pure white corset and matching leather bustle floor-length skirt used actually for a girl’s wedding day in Victorian England.”
“Is this really a wedding dress, Mama?” Rochelle asks and finger points at the pic.
“See the tiny veil hiding most of her face and the lacey wild necklace covering her throat like a pearl chocker.” Almena finger points at the picture, confirming the components of the wedding attire. “This is one type of Victorian wedding garment. There are lots of other styles and patterns within the pages of the torn photographs just pick one from the past history of Great Britain.” She flips through some of the photos and reminds as he points at the princess. “Don’t forget to paint fishnet tea gloves over hands, and satin laced leather boots for that extra kick to Hico’s tender shins.” She giggles with a girly tone encouraging and watching the teens do their homework. “Get painting on your new Victorian outfit.”
Laboratory. The ATV carts slowly line like a set of baby ducklings in row when the driver of each cart powers down the engine while voices ramble in baritone loudly.
Fowler orders standing next to McCamy’s cart. “Pop the hood, boys. Fill up the engines with the water.” He lifts the hood, draining the water container dry into the almost empty tank then slams the engine hood shut, instructing. “Any clear substitute can be used as the combustion…”
“Hixson’s beer…” Baycliff yells as cowboy baritone laughter rings to the rafters inside Fowler’s Laboratory.
“Even Hixson’s beer…don’t combust inside Hixson…” Rusk notes then chuckles along with other cowboys.
Fowler chuckles, and inspects the engine work of the teens, suggesting. “No beer, boys. I see I need to clarify, academically that the only clear liquid which…in your case…is and should only be water. There are plenty of water resources from the woodland streams, the fresh water ponds, and your property spring water wells or….any clean household drinking or bath water…”
“Hixson don’t bath, either.” Rusk comments in a nasty tone then slams the hood shut, walking towards the sink faucet to refill the portal water tank with more water for tomorrow’s travel into the heart of South Beach where Hico stays and plays with his insect guards.
Baycliff shares and chuckles while he re-fills the ATV tank. “He does after usage then drains it inside his beer. That’s the secret ingredient.” Cowboy baritone laughter echoes inside the lab.
“The clean…let me emphasize….(chuckles)…run the steam engine gears. The internal tank holds precisely 100 gallons while traveling at a max speed of 40 miles per hour. You will go about 55 miles from point A.” Fowler tenderly pats the external tank of the water contain located inside the cargo bed behind the two seat, reporting. “This one holds 50 gallons which should get you out of most any trouble even if there’s an urgent emergency.”
McCamy slams the hood, holding the empty portal water tank then soldierly pivots, walking to Fowler, offering in a friendly gesture. “Thanks, Fowler. We joke and spit for fun. But, we appreciate all your help, your food, your floor…(pats the T-bone roof)….and your new transports.” He chuckles and extends his hand as they shake for friendship and honor as McCamy informs. “We leave after ‘sun blocking’ time at 8:00 am. Don’t want to take the chance of missing the turnoff into the limestone Birmingham Cliffs.” Cowboy baritone laughter rings in the lab.
Fowler Farm is due north of the Birmingham Cliffs. So, if you drive due south, you stop at the limestone powdered cliffs of Birmingham right before Ebro Farm and after Thelee Farm that border the seams and reams of the infamous limestone rock cliffs. And if ya miss the cliffs, you dive by your toe bones right into the warm deadly man-eating fish infected water of the Gulf of Mexico…foreverly.
“Don’t think that’s a good-bye or a farewell speech to me, McCamy. Hico has ignited all of us South Beachers into warfare. Almena and I’ll be there arriving on the first night of that new Huntress Game loaded down and bringing up our nasty big shotguns and pretty little hand pistols. Hico’s in for a very big surprise from the real South Beach Bandits.” Fowler laughs with a hardy tone while starting a chain reaction of roaring laughter.
Wolf appears between the ATVs, demonstrating his new toy upon his arm then attacks the lazy Baycliff as Baycliff swiftly jerks the old-fashioned wooden baseball bat from the corner wall while socking the bat painfully at Wolf. Wolf swiftly maneuvers the metal arm air-borne, covering his preciously handsome face then bounces his body backward from the impact of wood and metal while he sees flurrying wood particles dance in the air waves. He steps back boots from angry Baycliff, panting and breathing heavy, feeling a slight pain where metal squeezes his bicep then twists his lips, ugly.
Baycliff carefully examines the metal arm on Wolf then eye burns the dented bat, inquires, grinning with a toothy smile. “What’s it, Fowler?”
The golden tinted metal decorates from the top arm bicep then mechanically bends at Wolf’s elbow and flexes at his wrist while it exhibits four fingers, and one thumb of movable gold and brass elements. The metal gleams with a sets of individual tiny movable objects such as a set of wagon train wheels, a couple of hollow round dials, three spinning spiked circles, and numerous hidden horizontal and vertical pockets of tiny and large sharp knives. The finger knuckles are etched with a set of brass rings of pain for a deadly punch into human flesh and bone.
Rusk defines. “A very good external arm prosthesis…”
“Correct, Rusky…” Wolf compliments then twirls, swirls, and whips the individual circular parts on the arm prosthesis around for fun as McCamy, Baycliff, Rusk, and Fowler huddle for look-see.
Fowler defines with his medical knowledge. “No muscles, no blood, and no tissues only metal…(pings the brass arm)…controlled by your finger pads which synchronizes the motion of the metal joints at the wrist and with the life-like fingers, not an electronic microprocessor….”
“Make me crow…” Baycliff words with the confused foreign sounds then presents duck lips, ugly.
Fowler chuckles and corrects. “Microprocessor….an old buzz word and older gentleman.” He touches the smooth part of Wolf’s arm prosthesis, explaining. “See…there’s no skin to cut, no bones to break, and no hair to pull. The perfect weapon….” He suddenly stops and eye burns each teen, finishing the mental evil thought. “…to win a fight.”
Almena sneaks up behind Fowler and tenderly pats his forearm, firmly reprimanding. “Fowler, don’t give these bad boys more dangerous toys. Come inside and see what the girls and I have cooked?” She giggles with the secret creation the gracefully pirouettes her body and exits the garage archway.
McCamy gingerly touches the smooth gold, commenting to teens. “Iron hand. I like. Use them…to defend ourselves against Hico and all Hico’s un-friendlies.”
Rusk lectures, studying Wolf’s new metal arm. “That’s cheating, bro. Showcase’s made of bite-nats, not real….(knocks on the brass)…metals, hard woods, or natural elements from Planet Earth.”
Baycliff remarks, hostile-like. “How’s it cheating when I wanna to live to see the next sun rise between my booted heels, hoss?” He trots off down the side wall and rummages into the toy chest with the raised lid while Wolf steals his new toy.
McCamy jumps quickly on that concept, eye burning his twin Rusk. “Baycliff gots good points…(holds his fingers one at a time)…one, live. Two. Breathe. Three. Cheat.” Cowboy baritone laughter echoes in the lab.
Baycliff returns to the huddle, displays two brass and golden home-made metal arm prosthesis and hands off one to McCamy then eats the metal glove onto his bicep, twiddling his free hand with at tiny rotating gadgets on his new brass prosthesis, complaining. “The metal pinches my delicate skin…”
“Sissy girls possess delicate skin…Baycliff.” Rusk teases with a brotherly taunt, laughing along with the other cowboys.
“Metal pinches my delicate skin…as well, Rusky.” Wolf presents duck lips, ugly snarling at Rusk to verbally attack him too.
“Sissy babies, too...Wolf-man.” Rusk bites back as the teens laugh.
Fowler shifts around the boys, rambling around inside the desk drawers then returns and presents the thin leather gloves to each teen, commanding. “Use these under the metal. Prosthesis were used traditionally in human medical research field to replace a person’s bum limb or limbs with some type of un-natural element other then flesh and bone. I’m a mechanic engineer…was before the Nuke War. Now…(bangs the wooden counter)…a simple country farmer. I understand Hico’s rule as well but this little device is your best advantage to win the first night competition against the cheaters. I eye witnessed that night of dancing that turned into a bloody battle of hand-to-hand rebel fighting at Metro City Birmingham. The North Ridge Mountain Riders survive to fight making them a set of very good winning opponents. Tell ya…Hico’s going to cheat pairing a set of fiery fighters with young innocent kids. I swear to the Red Mountains…if I were younger….,” he bobs his skull up and down several times.
Rusk returns from the back wall, presenting three different shapes, sizes, and designs of arm prosthesis, landing the two smaller models on the flat counter, and slides the iron hand over his thick bicep, updating. “Found these, also. Look, I agree with ya…having this here external arm prosthesis is an advantage over….death.” Cowboy baritone chuckles ring in the lab as Rusk adds. “Hico has ruled the grand prize winner of ‘Showcase’ fights in the ring with us…well…them. Let’s be clear here, we can’t be showing up with these metal…(pings his arm)…because we will get disqualified, bro.”
McCamy plots and bobs his skull once at Baycliff. “We don’t be showing up with the metal…(pings his arm)…we hide them things so Hico don’t see during ‘Showcase’.” He wickedly smiles then winks his eyelid, right at Baycliff. “Hide them inside our bags or sacks or something, tote them right into our rooms. We gots to stay someplace near the game platform, don’t ya think, Baycliff?” Baycliff bobs his skull up and down several times in silence at McCamy’s great plot while playing with the side gadgets on the iron hand.
“Me thinks McCamy’s smarter than Hico. But, me thinks Hico’s smart enough to hide them new South Beach Bandits for the night fight of the Huntress Game. We should rescue the little tikes, first.” Rusk proposes, playing with the rotating wheels on his iron hand.
“Naw. Hixson gots it covered. He want let them kids get hurt neither will his Daddy, my Daddy, or yours Daddy. Anyways, if they want a bruising, he’sa loves to bruise them monsters of Tick, Flea, and other peeing bugs.” Baycliff boldly defends, chuckling at his brilliant suggestion as teen skull bob up and down several times in agreement.
“Insects don’t pee, Baycliff.” Rusk corrects as Baycliff twists his lips, ugly at Rusk.
“We’re messing up Taffy’s plan.” Wolf observes, nothing how Taffy rules over the male teens.
“Plan Mistress, she’ll understand. I’s ‘xplain it to her…ease her pain.” Baycliff offers, weighing the metal in the air waves even with his jaw line and comments. “Them things bash a skull real quick, what…maybe five seconds tops.”
“More like three, if’an ya punch straight through the nose cartilage into their two eyeballs. No one wakes from that kind of sinus pain.” McCamy weighs his metal arm in the air even with his jaw line theorizing deadly as he chuckles with the mental pic.
“Excellent debating, boys. I’m happy ya’ll find my side hobbying of arm prosthesis will come in handy for this death defining event. Remove them, now…I’ll load the metal back into the cargo boxes for transport with ya inside the ATV into the Birmingham Cliffs.” Fowler collects each iron hand, carefully wrapping it into the soft thick cloth then sets each inside its individual metal box, lifting the box into the rear cargo bed of any ATV.
McCamy and Baycliff talk while Wolf explores for fun more of the laboratory for more funnier things as Rusk assists Fowler wrapping and storing the iron hands as they finish up before visiting the girls for the evening. Fowler pauses for drama then sighs and breathes, deeply, expressing with concern since his daughter Pemona is involved in the fight with Director Hico. “I have noted that the team was six members last night, consisting of three boys and three girls. Have you decided which girls are going to fight in the Huntress Game with ya’ll?”
Rusk commands for the teens. “No girls.” He moves and forms his body around a new huddle, instructs and finger pointing at each cowboy. “Me, Wolf-man, McCamy as dudes, and Baycliff dresses as a girl, since he gots the longest prettiest blonde hair of all…(fingers Baycliff’s curls)….” Baycliff viciously snarls like a mad dog and slams Rusk’s paw downward to the floor as Rusk chuckles then counts. “That’s four…(hold four fingers in the air)….we needs two more team mates….maybe recruit Luford…” Rusk eye burns McCamy, inquiring. “What’da ya think, bro?” McCamy bobs his skull up and down, once in silence agreement with the fifth Bandit.
Baycliff clarifies. “Ain’t playing no girl, hoss. Anyways, don’t matter with four or five of us. The point is to win ‘Showcase.’ Once inside, Daddy, us, and every gun-loving toting Southern Bandit…(grins)…is going to hog tie and tie-dye Hico’s bee_hind sending him right back to Metro City.…forever.”
“Yee-haw!” Rusk yells.
“Wo-wey!” Wolf follows.
Fowler bobs his skull up and down, once then playfully slaps McCamy on his back muscles, complimenting. “That’s a grand plan, boys. All the ATVs are watered like the horses.” Teen skull bob up and down in silence agreement then he concludes. “Let’s go see what the ladies have been doing?”
Play room. Fowler leads and enters into the room, strolling to his wife then about faces, grinning with a toothy smile as Rusk enters next and suddenly stops inside the room’s archway, staring studiously at the beautiful girls. McCamy shoves Rusk forward and softly curses at his twin, scooting around him then suddenly stops his pacing and eye burning the pretty girls when he follows by Rusk, Wolf, and Baycliff. The boys line like a row of baby ducklings and stare studiously at opposite line of masked females.
The four girls stand in a chorus line with two tall browned-haired girls in the middle of the row and two petite blacked-haired dolls on the end, covering secretively in a set of Venetian inspired half-face masks of various colorful stripes, and lovely decorated fluffy feathers with a set of blood-red luscious soft lips over each pretty facial part.
McCamy cocks his skull sideways, glancing between the short girls on the end of the chorus line who both possess a bun of black hair, petite statue, and sun-tanned exposed skin as he step his boot forward eager to…something.
The four girls giggle with a girly tone, wiggling their curved hips and shake their shoulders side to side while motioning with a set of free finger pads ‘hello’ pose to the boys in a seductive matter.
Baycliff wickedly grins, moving around first in the quiet room standing beside Rusk and whispers softly into his left eardrum then uprights his body, nodding his skull at the girls while he folds his naked biceps over his naked chest, watching Rusk.
Rusk breaks from the duckling lineup, walking straight to Pemona as identified by Baycliff, admiring her new sexy outfit as she removes the satin black with white bird flowers Venetian half-mask hold by a yellow rose bud post, smiling sweetly at Rusk.
Pemona paints in a bright blue leather tight and tiny hour glass corset shaping up from her narrow hips to her small breasts as she winks her eyelash, right at Rusk as he giggles like a girl. She wiggles flirtatiously showing off her rag-tag mesh-mash bright fire engine red satin fishtail skirt. Her skirt hikes up and over her kneecap and ties with a tiny black silk bow across her right thigh in the front of her body while her covered leg pretties in a pair of red and white thinly stripped silk stocking from her boots to thighs as she wiggles for fun her right ankle with the cute red and blue colored leather lace-tied boots.
Pemona curves her red short linen jacket barely around her tanned shoulders over the blue corset while she displays a white cameo on a golden chained necklace that hangs along with her tiny yellow daggers from her ear lobes. The blue tea topper hat with a side red flower centers in the middle of her skull as her long hair folds into a tight brown bun at the nape of her swan neck. She pops gently on Rusk’s bicep with the painted blue and yellow peacock designed parasol, giggling with a girly tone when touching his steel eight-abs with the tips of her fishnet red tea glove without the finger pads as Rusk grins with a toothy smile.
Rusk swallows his drool while examining her vertically then horizontally and grins with a silly smirk and final mumbles silly. “I like.”
Pemona reacts with a sweet tone and smiles then winks her eyelash, right. “That’s all…you say there, slick.”
“I like...lots.” Rusk manages to softly blurt between the panting and drooling at her new outfit.
Tulu ends her body on the right of the chorus line, slipping the gold and burgundy horizontal striped Venetian half mask with the peacock feather post off her pretty face as McCamy swiftly gallops to Tulu and eye gleams her up and down, stumbling his pet name. “Muffin!?”
“You like.” Tulu words with a sweetly tone, smiles with a big grin, trying unsuccessfully to wiggle like sexy tall Pemona. Tulu bares her naked shoulders of white along with the tight and tiny waist hour glass corset with a set of six tiny rose that lines horizontal on the top of delicate white lace highlighting her small breasts with no jacket only the lacey necklace around her throat. Her mini-tea topper hat slides down the right side of her pretty face and white veil covers her right eyeball with her black long hair in a tight bun behind her neck muscles.
She hangs a single fat Pearl ear ring from each ear lobes waving her Swiss dotted material of hand-length gloves against her white floor-length velvet swag front skirt that covers her white lace tied boots and swings her white parasol covered in an array of tiny red rosebuds in her right hand, grinning with a toothy smile.
McCamy accepts the light wool blanket from Almena, placing it over Tulu’s naked outfit while he eye gleams chuckling Baycliff, and grinning Wolf then returns his eye balls back to his girl, commenting. “Tulu, you…,” he pulls the blanket tightly around her naked shoulders, cuddling her into his chest then he whispers softly into her right eardrum the sentences of secret words as she giggles.
Rochelle gallops to Wolf, giggling and touching his hand with a playfully gesture as she slides her Venetian half-mask of vertically striped alternating navy and silver lines with red rose bud post. She pops open her pink and yellow butterfly designed parasol, twirling the umbrella in small tight circles exhibiting her brown leather under bust harness which shows no waistline per her Mama. The brown harness saddles over a pink frilly silk blouse tied with a cameo pink ribbon brooch at her throat and a set of flowered pink, and orange fingerless croquet glovelettes from her fingers, hands to elbow crooks. Her floor-length fishnet skirt of yellow hikes up only to her kneecap per Mama, while exposing a pair of pink and white striped stockings for fun as the magical hanging pink tea topper hat dots the center of her brown hair, then she extends her gloved hand for…something…
Wolf smiles then neck snaps his skull to Fowler and Fowler finger points to his wife Almena. Almena bobs her skull up and down, once for parental approval as Wolf gently holds Rochelle’s gloved hand, curling her hand around his elbow, walking her back to the table as they sit prettily talking with Rusk and Pemona while McCamy and Tulu lounge in an oversized chair in the corner where Tulu wears the dull brown blanket over her Victorian bite-nats outfit.
Baycliff walks to me, admiring my baby blue tuxedo jacket edged in black with the matching baby blue straight floor-length skirt with the wrapped Christmas bow bustle in back of my bee_hind. No hiked skirt like Pemona. No bared skin like Tulu. The cameo choker fit nicely around my swan neck with a pair of yellow knit tea gloves over my hands and the yellow dangling daggers off my earlobes under the yellow tea topper of red, green, and blue vertical strips. I slip my Emerald green satin Venetian half-mask that surrounds with rows of white sea Pearls then smile brightly at Baycliff.
I halt his advancement, treating my red Victorian parasol like a deadly saber as Baycliff chuckles at my gall, and remarks with a nasty timbre. “Not much of a weapon…” He swings around the parasol and nears me as he gingerly touches the swinging sharp tip of the ear ring with his left hand, testing the blade, complimenting. “Now, I’m afraid of them…things.” I laugh with a girly tone.
“Taffy.” Amita calls, leaning her body against the archway, and staring studiously at me.
Baycliff body spins towards the sound and gallops to Amita, purring softly in her left eardrum as he cuddles her to his chest. “Honey bell, Amita, you should be resting for tomorrow’s trip.”
Almena calls attention. “The girls have developed…. (eye burns her husband)…what would you call this, Fowler?”
“Definitely a show and a case for Steampunk.” He smiles, nodding his skull at the creative females, adding. “Just needs the Crystal Palace made from glass and iron which was exhibited during the World’s Fair of 1847 in Great Britain.”
“We will the ‘Steampunk Gang’…too boot.” Pemona names as teen skulls bob up and down several times in silence agreement as she twists Rusk towards the archway, ordering. “Ya boys need to test and paint your own creative Steampunk wardrobe for Hico’s Showcase. Go to it! Then model for us….” She giggles.
Rusk chuckles, while leading his body towards the archway, commenting. “Come on, hoss! I gots some good ideas for ‘Showcase’.” Wolf stands from the table and follows Rusky as McCamy kisses Tulu’s lips then winks his eyelid, left and turns and follows out the exit while Baycliff softly whispers into Amita’s right eardrum then uprights and pivots and exits the playroom.
Almena concerns, dumping the tall glass of milk at the seat that Amita has occupied, leaning into her face. “Warm milk, help ya sleep, okay?” Amita nods her skull once with commenting and sips on the glass.
Game room. Fowler leads the boys into the new part of his big house, banging open the door with the box between his hands with panting heavy holding the picnic basket of bite-nats cans, commanding. “Pick a color and paint yourself pretty. I don’t babysit like Almena.” He tosses the set of pictures from his wife onto the flat square table which is a covered Billiard pool table while he cautiously pulls one at a time cans of bite-nats over the wooden planks.
“Fowler, can you bring us them iron hands, please.” Baycliff asks with polite manners of a country cowboy as Fowler bobs his skull once in silence then exits the room for his duty.
Rusk removes his dirty cloth vest and pants then dirty cowboy boots to keep paint off the items, sitting in front of his selected colored rusty cans, thumbing his finger pads through the photos, wording slowly. “I like the way the girls look makes me think Hico’s going to react the same way. We be a shoe-in on winning first place at ‘Showcase.’ What’da ya think, Baycliff? Why ya want them iron hands?” He inquires, creating ideas for his bite-nats outfit from the pictures.
Baycliff flings the selected pic down to the table, grabbing a tan bite-nats paint, and brush, narrating his design vocally to the other cowboys. “Paint me, a pith helmet paired with a pair of machinist goggles….shown here in this photo.” He draws a thin black circle around his eye sockets with the black thick paint then for his head band of the hat Baycliff splotches tan paint over his entire blonde hair and mentally performs the think object: helmet, goggles.
He flings the dirty vest onto the floor, painting the color white from his throat down to his navel then over his left bicep, leaving the right bicep naked while adding new shade of yellow paint over his muscular and abs. Baycliff finishes with a thick Navy circle around his throat and mentally performs the think object: shirt, vest, and bow tie. Baycliff wears a silk white long sleeved shirt with the missing right arm sleeve under a yellow wool vest with a black small bow tie, slapping the dirt off the black pants and wiggles his boots off his naked toes, rumbling in baritone trombone. “Need my socks.”
“Long tie, not bow tie, hoss.” Rusk corrects with the proper attire to Baycliff, finger pointing at the pic.
Baycliff eye burns the pic, studying the minor detail in his design and bobs his skull in silence acknowledgment while he closes his eyelids and feels the warmth then coolness, mentally performing the think object: long tie. He stands in two bare feet, feeling the cool of the tile floor in his newly created Victorian male’s outfit consisting of the pith helmet, machinist goggles, shirt, vest, pants, and naked feet.
McCamy stripes his T-shirt and blue jeans down to his underwear briefs, removing his brown worn cowboys then pours the a large amount of bite-nats black paint over his chest, flowing the paint to his thighs, and legs, whacking the medium-sized horse-hair brush in long strokes vertically up and down over his entire body. He pours the rest of the black over his shoulders, feeling it cover his back, bee_hind down to his calves as he swishes the brush around the curves of his muscles then adds white bite-nats paint to his throat for the white collar of the shirt. McCamy circles a black band around the crown of his skull and mentally performs the think object: jacket, vest, tie belt, gloves, and top hat. He wears a white collar shirt paired with a black slim neck tie above the “v” shaped black vest outlining his rippled muscles and decorates with a black knee-length wool coat, and matching black slender wool pants with black leather palm gloves and black leather belt with a silver bucket of rearing stallions and a top hat slanted over his right eyebrow. He stands regally, smiling at his friends.
“Ya look slick…,” Wolf compliments then returns to painting his naked body.
“…slick like a funeral director.” Baycliff adds with amusement. “Way…too much black, bro.”
“Didn’t want my top hat to clash with muffin’s masquerade mask…” McCamy compliments, thinking of his girl…always and forever.
“Want a newsboy cap and thick mad scientist goggles.” Rusk declares, stripping off his vest and pants then paints a yellow band over the crown of his skull deep into his forehead with a bright red twin circles around both eye sockets and mentally performs the think object: cap, goggles. He paints the color of brown bite-nats onto his naked chest down to his kneecap and ankle covering his naked toe bones with no fancy collar skirt like McCamy or not silk tie like Baycliff then mentally performs the think object: button vest, pants, and cowboy boots all in the color of deep dark rich brown.
“I want a flap covered pilot cap with a pair of green pilot goggles.” Wolf announces, tossing his dirty vest, pants while he colors Navy blue over his naked chest with white paint around his throat and the beige paint from his waist down to his kneecaps. He splashes black bite-nats paint over his naked toes and green circles around his eye sockets tinted with a touch of thick gold paint and brown from ear lobe to ear lobe and mentally performs the think object: spat, ascot, pants, goggles, and cap. He wears a Navy spat over his chest, a cotton white ascot around his throat, green pilot goggles outlined with a touch of gold, a brown flapped pilot cap with white trousers that kneecaps down his legs with knee-length black leather pilot boots.
McCamy re-fits his smelly white socks and worn cowboys boots on his naked feet, standing, and presses the trousers into creaking in a straight pin and wipes down his black jacket as Baycliff twists his lips, ugly, reminding. “Change your boots to match your black duds, McCamy.” McCamy ignores the order, preparing to see Tulu as he spits mouth salvia, polishing his parts of his old boots.
Fowler returns with several boxes of iron hands, placing the objects on the floor as Baycliff walks then squat, opening each lid and removes his favored metal prosthesis, toting it to the side table, body spins into the chair, and finger points at the exposed weapons. “Pick your iron, cowboys.”
“What’da ya doing, Baycliff?” Rusk inquires, posing regally above the open boxes, and admiring the shiny brass-plated iron hands on the floor.
“Let’s surprise the girls with our new weapons of smashing our enemy’s body parts.” Baycliff chuckles, while talking with a nasty baritone. “They’ll flip out.”
“Ya meaner than McCamy, Baycliff.” Rusk comments with a serious timber.
“I replace those words…permanently.” McCamy brilliantly substitutes, chuckling as he steps towards the open box studying each design of iron.
“No brown boots with black pants, McCamy.” Rusk orders and explains. “Hico’ll note, hoss. Guess who we be since we lived through that deadly first massacre. And them boots stick out and smell bad…”
“Hico should be afraid, very afraid….of me and McCamy’s cowboy boots.” Baycliff jokes, placing the leather glove over his naked bicep gobbling up his finger pads up to his right shoulder then gently slides the complete gold brass and white steel arm prosthesis over the leather glove, flexing his elbow, and twists his wrist in a half-circle, and exercises the four finger pads of the iron hand.
Wolf observes while flexing his brass arm up, down, left then right and strikes the naked air with a folded fist practicing for the upcoming nose blood on Hico. “There’s only four iron hands. Your boy Hixson needs one to play in our reindeer games.” He chuckles.
“Naw. We be saving Hixson’s bee_hind during the reindeer games.” Baycliff reminds and chuckles at his rescue then lungs his body down and up, working his arm up and down with perfection with the pretend attack on Kodare’s skull.
“There for show…” Rusk stands, viewing the cowboy’s arm exercises.
“There for pain. Pain to Hico. Don’t like him. Don’t like him healthy and alive while them teens are dead for no good reason…but his reason.” Baycliff promises then snorts with hatred.
Wolf slips his body left then compensates and jerks his body right, flinging the metal prosthesis into his chest for balance of his swinging body, proclaiming. “Heavy sucker…” He punches the air waves with the brass fist, commenting. “Good thing, I keep trained and fit. This little gem’s going to shine on my star light, tomorrow night. I be famous.” He grins with a toothy smile at Rusk who still stands over the open boxes parking folded fists on his waist.
“Infamous among the South Beachers, since you’re only a Rider. We ready. Let’s scare the muffins out of them stuffings.” Baycliff chuckles while charging for the archway.
“Stay away from my muffin, or I’ll beat the stuffin’ out of all of ya’ll…especially Baycliff.” McCamy threats, while moving beside Baycliff for his protection of Tulu.
Four boys with four metal arms gleam under the bright overhead lights of hallway as the four girls stand from the round table while Amita quietly sits, and finishes her warm milk.
I finger point, remarking very un-pleased. “No. No way. You’re destroying the elegant theme of the Victorian era for our Showcase. The Victorian era represented a time of peace, joy, and diplomatic culture, not these weird things. Take them off…NOW!”
Pemona greets Rusk in the middle of the floor, gingerly touching the smooth metal, complimenting. “I believe they look nice as well as exhibiting a good image of roughness and toughness of the Bandits to me for our upcoming fight with the dangerous Riders. I like the idea of using a set of advance weaponry in the Huntress Game. It’s cool.” She bangs her knuckles on Rusk’s iron arm, concluding. “It’s real. This is really a metal arm over Rusk’s bicep.” She flips her face to her Daddy then compliments and smiles. “These are Daddy’s creation from tinkering in his mad scientist laboratory, right, Daddy?” Fowler leans his body against wall beside Almena, bobbing his skull several times and smiling in silence.
“I like...” Rochelle picks up the famous phase from the older teens as she asks. “Can I have one, too, Daddy…a small one for my small arm?” She gallops to the wall as Fowler pulls a small item from box, adjusting the silver metal arm prosthesis which is composed of tiny wheels, rounded dials, and hidden pockets of nothing then hands off to his daughter. Rochelle slips the small arm over her smaller bicep and announces, proudly with a big grin. “See, it fits!” She smiles at Fowler then pivots toward Wolf.
Fowler hands off a second silver arm prosthesis to McCamy as McCamy marches to Tulu standing next to the table and gently pulls her into the far corner in the room inside the oversized chair. They quietly sit together as McCamy wiggles the silver prosthesis tenderly onto her arm, softly whispering into her left eardrum.
Baycliff grabs the last brass arm prosthesis then views Amita then swings his skull and eyeballs me, commenting with surprise while marching to me. “And one for Taffy...”
Amita meekly mews. “Taffy can do it herself, Baycliff, come take care of me...now.”
“One second, honey bell…” Baycliff hands off the leather glove first then the metal arm and gently instructs while grinning and grunting occasionally like a wounded animal. “Wear the glove to protect your skin then extend your fingers, first into the shell, wiggling the fingers through the leather and metal then seal your wrist bone into small chamber. Feel it flow, easy like.” I bob my skull up and down, once in silence while struggling with my finger pads into the iron then feel my wrist and bicep lock in place as I flex the metal getting my entire arm comfortably into my new metal sleeve.
Baycliff continues to instruct. “Straighten your fingers into each individual pockets for maximum efficiency, and effective when wanding the weapon at the Rider ladies.” He winks his eyelid, right to me and compliment as I flex my metal arm at the waist then soar it outward into the air and sneer with an ugly sound at the pain as Baycliff warns and watches me. “Watch it! It pinches a little. Now, bend at the elbow and bring the hand parallel to the floor, move them fingers hardy. You now can feel the leather and metal mesh together…like a love bird bonding.” He grins and chuckles while complimenting. “Good job, Taffy.” He joyously praises, patting tenderly my left shoulder.
“Baycliff, I need attention over here. Let Taffy play with it. I’m cold and need more warm milk.” Amita mews a little loud for him to overhear.
Baycliff marches to her, planting a light kiss on the top of her brown skull then swings his body around to the captured teens, clapping his hands for attention, updating. “The plan…(grins)…we fight with them things on your arms…at least one or two knockouts…(chuckles)…until our Daddies show then we round up Hico and them monsters…”
McCamy tucks Tulu into his shirt, whispering softly into her left eardrum. “You do not fight, muffin. Your armor is for show…only, okay, Tulu?” Tulu bobs her skull up and down, once in silence while she watches and listens to upcoming fireworks between Taffy, the Plan Mistress and the modified plot presented by the Plan Master Baycliff.
I strike the coals while hot, yelling. “Poor plan, cowboy. This is real…(pings the metal)…not bite-nats. The rules clearly state verbally assumed and implied bite-nats fantasy items, not real dealies. You will get us eliminated from Showcase before any first round knockout Baycliff, Rusk, Wolf-man, and McCamy. No. No. No, cowboys! Stick with my plan of action, enter Showcase as the Steampunk Gang then we will win the position, and refuse to fight. We order a peaceful surrender. Soooo….no one gets hurt, harm or killed…”
Rusk voices in deep baritone trombone with the opposite POV. “I like Baycliff’s ideas, Taffy. He didn’t give ya all the details. We use them things in the Huntress Game for show which compliments your plan of survival and surrender for Hico and the Riders.”
I debate, swinging my face at Rusk, finger pointing. “No, cowboy! I’m the Plan Mistress. Ya’ll are taking a big chance with these ugly metal pieces of scary hardware. They look real. They feel real. One touch, someone will figure out our plot then we….”
“Part of the costume, Taffy like a macho, scary, intimidation of toughness that tells Hico that we mean business…” Wolf argues.
“My plan is to enter Showcase, and win with our awesome Victorian peaceful theme. Don’t fight! Don’t harm anyone! The element of surprise is a formidable ally.” I lecture with wise American rebel words.
“Yadda. Yadda. Yadda, Taffy. You don’t listen to anyone but your own voice box. Baycliff is leader, and leads the cowboys. He’s smart with the new plan to scare, and intimidate Hico on the first impression. The English word ‘impression’ means to see an everlasting pic in your mind… (points at her temple)…the thing impresses, ignites, and begs to be remembered, forever unlike you, Taffy pudding.”
“I vote we impeach Amita as vice-president.” I sneer and eye burn with invisible partials of deadly sunrays into her pale face as she sits at the table with her profile eye-gleaming my pupils.
Almena moves from the wall and gingerly touches my arm as she softly words. “Taffy, may I speak with you, privately…in the living room?”
McCamy stands along with Tulu then shuffles her lonely inside padding of the oversized chair, gently removing the ugly silver prosthesis from her tiny arm, and plants a light kiss on her black skull, whispering softly. He pivots soldierly and marches to the round table holding the rusty opened cans, dipping with the brush and places a thick silver glob of bite-nats onto his index finger.
McCamy jogs back to Tulu then kneecaps on his right leg, instructs with a sweet baritone. “Extend your hand, muffin.” She playfully smashes her palm into his steel chest as he chuckles and compliments. “That’s my girl.” He carefully paints a circle of silver around her single finger, thickening the blob of silver over the top of the knuckle, whispering softly as Tulu smiles brightly.
Tulu obeys faithfully and mentally performs the think object: ring. A big fat two caret diamond engagement ring appears on her fourth finger of her left hand as McCamy holds both her small hands in both his large palms and quotes passionately. “I love you, Tulu. Please do me a big favor honor and marry me, forever. I’ll make you…my wife, my partner, and my happiness, always on my farm, muffin.”
Tulu bobs her skull up and down, once then grins with a toothy smile that almost breaks her jaw line and repeats with deep passionate. “I want to make you my husband, my partner, and my happiness, always and forever on our farm, McCamy.” She leans towards his face and plants a big wet kiss on his soft pink lips, passionately for five long seconds then they surface. She jumps, kitten-like into the air, releasing from McCamy’s embrace, and dances in circles, shouting joyously in song. “I…am so happyyyyy.” She suddenly stills, staring studiously at Amita then her eyeballs turn to Pemona and finally land on Rochelle. “I’m engaged.” She holds her hand with the shiny fat diamond in the air then runs and grabs the chair next to Amita.
Baycliff presents duck lips, ugly and roller balls his pupils into the rear of his skull then tromps his cowboy boots nosily to happy McCamy, and softly words into his face. “Why’da ya do that, bro?” He neck snaps his skull and eye burns Amita, who is eye burning patches of cool snow flakes at him as she bobs her skull and grins with a toothy smile, finger pointing at Tulu’s diamond ring.
Baycliff eye burns the floor, twisting his crooked lips, left then gently taps a boot on the tile, parking his folded fists on the belt then flips his face to happy McCamy and sneers violently. “Now, I gots to best ya, ya know.” McCamy bobs his skull up and down, once in silence with a silly stupid grin as Baycliff charges toward the same rusty can of silver, deeply dipping his naked index finger into the can without the use of a brush and quickly jerks a gob into the air. He inhales then exhales with deep breaths like he about to faint onto the floor but instead manly struts to Amita then snaps his skull behind his shoulder and gleams at happy McCamy.
McCamy bobs his skull several times and motions in a vertical pattern with a single hand, encouraging Baycliff as Rusk and Wolf hoot like forest wolves then bust into cowboy baritone laughter, slapping their fists against steel biceps.
Baycliff uses his hand and pulls Amita from the hen coop, parking her inside an isolated chair in the opposite corner of the room then paints the silver bite-nats around her finger as he grins and softly whispers into her face then she mentally performs the  think object: ring. A single big fat three-caret diamond engagement ring materializes magically upon her fourth finger of her left hand as Amita swoons her body, swings her arm, and sings happily to the teens. “I’m engaged, finally me. Look at my ring.” She invades the hen coop as the girls coo, mew, and woo, loudly.
Rochelle gallops to Wolf, bouncing on her satin laced boots, and pronounces soprano piccolo. “Please make me a ring, Wolf.” He smacks his eyelids upright then eye burns Rusk for help as Rusk wickedly grins and softly whisper into Wolf’s left eardrum.
Wolf bobs his skull up and down then makes towards the table of rusty cans, pouring red paint on his index finger then shuffles back to Rochelle as she jiggles and wiggles her body with excitement, holding her left hand in the air. Wolf paints bite-nats around her middle finger of left hand as Rochelle closes her eyelashes and mentally performs the think object: ring. A tiny red band of red Rubies appears on her middle finger as Rochelle dances like a ballerina around both Wolf and Rusk as Rusk chuckles in baritone and Wolf turns strawberry red on his cheekbones. 
Pemona storms to Rochelle, gliding her hand over Rochelle’s finger then eye burns Wolf as he swallows his mouth salvia comments perfectly. “Friend…ring.”
Rusk clarifies for his friend quickly before Pemona beats the snot of Wolf with her balling fists. “Wolf-man means ‘friend’ as in friendship ring. The little ring is colored red for rosy and happy, Pemona.”
Rochelle shockingly words as she gingerly touches her own bite-nats object. “The ring is not real, only bite-nats.” She eye burns Tulu, inquiring with pouted lips, funny. “Are your beaus going to give ya a real ring? When, tomorrow or something? Can I be in the wedding, too? I like weddings and happy ever-after endings. Please, pretty please!”
Tulu expresses with a smile. “After we end the Huntress Game and kick Hico’s bee_hind out of South Beach right back to Metro City Birmingham then me and McCamy are getting married...”
“Wrong, Tulu. You’re only sixteen. McCamy is seventeen. You’ve to wait until your seventeen and a half…per Hico’s new law before your folks can approve.” Amita quotes mysteriously. “The law states around eighteen years old to marry. So, you must follow the law. Its set for your safety and obedience by Director Hico.” She admires her three-caret single stone diamond, gingerly touching the fake gem then she eye burns Baycliff who’s huddled in the corner with the bug-eyed future groomsmen, chuckling and chatting then Amita truths. “We each know the ring is not real, Rochelle. But, it’s the thought. The bite-nats thought…get it… (giggles)…behind the fake real. See, Baycliff loves me more since my carets are higher than…Tulu’s.” Baycliff overhears the nasty slur and smacks his eyelids upright, parting his lips, widely and eye burns McCamy as McCamy present duck lips, ugly at Amita and says nothing.
Rusk comments, while screwing his eyebrows, ugly. “You’re seventeen and half years old, right, Amita?”
Tulu twirls on Amita, smirking with a set of crooked pink lips, right then commands in an ugly and loud tone for all the teens to overhear. “Not so, Amita! McCamy loves me for me. Our love isn’t measured by a set of real diamonds or fake diamonds. Our love is eternally and immeasurable to the stars then goes all the way up into the heavens. We’re soul mates, meant for each other. I can prove it. McCamy came after me when I marched into Apprenticeship. He faked his pretend death so he could rescue me from Dictator Hico. Now, that’s true immeasurable love. Baycliff didn’t do that for you. He stayed here instead and paired with Taffy to find ya. Taffy was worried silly over ya, Amita. So silly, she skipped school, got bad grades, and almost flunked out of her studies but Taffy finally graduated with Baycliff…at…her…side.” She folds her naked arms over her corset, nods, cute-like her tea topper hat upon her skull then sings musically while McCamy tucks Tulu into his jacket for both protection and love, saying nothing to Amita.
Amita smacks her eyelashes upright, parting her lips, widely then distorts her face in a scary pose and voices in high pitched flute soprano. “Taffy!” She eye burns Baycliff then returns her eyeballs upon Tulu and voices in her normal alto clarinet. “Baycliff, he respects me. That’s all. Baycliff allows me to make my own decisions. Taffy just bosses folks around…all the time…with her bad opinions, and poor judgments, and dumb decision. That’s why Almena’s counseling her, now, Tulu. Taffy doesn’t like to share her toys inside the play pen.” Baycliff wraps his arms around Amita’s thin shoulders, softly whispering into her right eardrum as Amita ignores his wise suggestion as teens argue and debate around the table.
Rusk shuffles Pemona out of firing range, remembering once Amita gets started with her verbal debate she never quits until dead…or winner. Pemona allows the embrace, strolling hand in hand to the far corner away from the acid tongues and the fiery English verbs, giggling and enjoying Rusk’s warm touch around her waist as Rusk comments in her left eardrum. “Much better over here. Ya think?” He eye burns McCamy while he hugs Tulu as she barks like a puppy dog at Amita then Rusk swings his skull and eyeballs into Pemona’s face, theorizes. “Ya want a ring, I guess.”
Pemona presses her body against Rusk, patting tenderly his chest and softly whispers. “Thanks for entertaining, Rochelle. She loves the attention since her big sister had traveled to the big Metro City for the bigger Apprenticeship, while almost getting the biggest whack of all.” She chuckles with humor at her lame explanation and the almost death sentence if not saved other South Beach teens.
“Guess so, babies of families like attention, too.” He ends and eye burns the floor then returns his eyeballs to pretty Pemona. “I…like you, a lot, Pemona…. (she grins)…I feel comfortable around you…(she grins)…you feel like a nature skin, ya know….(she grins)…well…” He stops then starts the rambling slowly. “Well, this thing with Hico gots me thinking…about lots of new ideas. Now, we get to face Hico, twice with some uncertain outcomes.” He stops then eye burns the floor.
“If…you want to give me a bite-nats diamond ring, too, Rusk. I will accept one from you. Then…(she views the hallway)…I mean, you will have to inform Daddy before you give me one of those real shiny prizes.” Pemona swings left then right in her sexy shoulder-less Victorian corset as Rusk eye balls her face then turns his eyeballs down at her outfit with a silly grin.
“Not a ring, something better.” Rusk winks his eyelids, right with a better proposal as Pemona twists her lips, funny posing regally and blinking her eyelashes once, twice then thrice at Rusk as Rusk educates. “Most folks don’t know this but bite-nats molecules can live on ya, forever…inside your body, not outside. Outside the skin…like on your finger…(touches her ring finger)…it washes off with any wet substance like water, milk, fruit juice, rain, plant juice and suck. But inside…(touches his chest)…its permanent…more then permanent….(she grins)…ya see, if’an you place the molecules of bite-nats on your outside bloody hand, it heals ya, fast. But if’an ya mix, medically the paint into your blood on the inside of your body, it acts like homing beacon scouts for sister homing beacon.”
“Ya mean like a blood pact.” Pemona screws her eyebrows, ugly trying to understand the complex concept of Rusk’s lecture.
Rusk bobs his skull up and down, once then wickedly grins, complimenting. “Right concept…with a better idea. If ya cut a spot on the body and plant a tiny patch of bite-nats on your skin then rub it into your blood flowing through your veins like your forearm then take your blood mixed with the bite-nats and give to another person that’s blood flows through their veins…ya’ll are buddies for life.”
Pemona smiles and crinkles her nose, cute-like and requests softly into his face. “Rusk, can I be your buddy…for life?”
Rusk grins with a toothy smile then eye burns the floor, bobbing his skull up and down in silence then explains the medical procedure. “Once our bite-nats and blood mixes…we bond kinda…like that…” He grins and lectures. “The danger of the medical procedure is if’an I get hurt, you feel it…(he pinches her arm)…throughout your biological body…(she bobs her skull)…they can’t ‘xplain it. Daddy was one of them DNA genetic engineers before the Nuke War and told me as a tike when we horsed around the farm with the bite-nats, painting on our bodies for fun. I skeet my knees with a couple of bad open cuts then Daddy won’t let me play with him and McCamy as they opened the cans of paint.” He bobs his skull up and down, confessing. “Believed him, ya know, my Daddy… (she nods)…scared ya, now, honey bun?”
Pemona smile brightly with perfect white teeth without commenting vocally as Rusk confesses with his heart, mind, and soul. “I’m scared and excited, too. Want me to do it?” Rusk asks as Pemona bobs her skull up and down once in silence then Rusk nods his skull to confirm the bonding procedure and talks softly. “Okay. Ya see, bite-nats are found to med wounds, real quick. So, ya gots to be swift. Watch this!” Rusk jerks one of many tiny sharp knives from his brass arm prosthesis, tapping vertically the posterior interosseous artery cross-section middle of his forearm which bleeds a lot with his eyeballs then slaps the silver bat-nats paint covering the red wound, lecturing. “The puncture turns to silver then to pink then to light brown matching my old skin color. See, its kinda scarred the outer skin…(holds his arm up, bounces it in the air)…. not hurt, but healed….(she smiles)…touch it.” Pemona gingerly touches the patch of new skin that has been sealed fully by the bite-nats silver upon Rusk’s self-inflicted wound as Rusk commands with a smile. “Okay, ya ready. I cut first.”
Rusk vertical taps the sharp tip on a second spot of his healthy forearm, watching it bleed a lot then mixes the silver bite-nats with the red blood, collecting the new mixture onto his middle finger instead of smoothing the wound. He vertical taps the sharp knife tip into Pemona’s forearm as she quickly bubbles in red blood then Rusk forcefully rubs his new mixture of his own blood and the silver bite-nats into her flowing blood stream on her arm as their bloods mix nicely together. She snarls with a nasty tone as Rusk softly talks. “Burns a little…(watches the bite-blood mix heal her wound into light brown like his)...we connected, forever.” Pemona kisses his soft lips then they surface and both wickedly smile with their new secret as Rusk comforts. “See, if’an you get hurt, I can feel it and come to your rescue…save ya.” He grins with a silly smirk.
“Save me, twice.” Pemona softly whispers as Rusk paints a tiny ring on her fourth finger of her left hand and she mentally performs the think object: ring. A row of tiny diamonds appears on her finger as Pemona announces. “Friendship ring…”
“BFFR…means best fiancée forever ring.” Rusk whispers and kisses her lips then surfaces and explains, “…until we inform your Mama and Daddy.” She bobs her skull up and down, once in silence.
I follow behind wise and mature Almena and Fowler, accepting their good adult advice since I’m a lowly teenager into the Play Room and suddenly stop while I eye burn the huddle of Rusk and Pemona in the far corner. I blink my eyelashes once, twice then thrice and swing my body to giggling Tulu planted inside McCamy’s chest as she presents to me the big fat diamond ring…fake, of course. I hold both her tiny hands, bobbing my skull up and down several times with a silly grin, feeling both happiness and joy for Tulu and her overprotective Poppy bear McCamy then pull her from McCamy and closetly hugs my baby sister with glee then release her back into McCamy’s biceps. They giggle, snigger, and chat with joy in each other’s arms.
I accidentally swing body and face into grinning Amita, clearly seeing the big fat three-caret diamond on her marriage hand since its blocking my pathway to the table. I neck snap my skull to smiling Baycliff, feeling rejection, sadness, jealousy, and lonely being the un-paired girl in the couple picture inside the room of boy-girl, boy-girl, boy-girl, boy-girl….
The chairs nosily scoot around the table as teens quietly sit beside their significant other and Baycliff stands upright as I bob my skull at him then he starts. “We gots plan…. (pings the metal arm)….started by the Plan Mistress, improved by the Plan Master… (chuckles)…approved by the Steampunk Gang.” Claps, hoots, whistles invade my eardrums immediately as Baycliff instructs. “We leave after ‘sun block’ at precisely 8:00 am, pack up your favored colored cans of bite-nats in those picnic baskets provided by our wonderful host and hostess with the mostest.”
Teen laugher rings in the room then Baycliff continues. “We’ll add the brushes and other supplies before our beddy bed time ritual. Almena and Fowler have offered us the night’s stay along with the great food…” He eye burns Almena, not joshing and licking his soft lips. “Looking forward to the delicious mid-night snacks and early morning gut-filling breakfast…” Amita slips her hand against his leg as Baycliff chuckles then adds. “…and provided us sets of fresh and clean clothes… (holds up the T-shirt and jeans)…besides Hico’s rags. Ya can bite-nats pj’s or use the real clothes. Your call! But, be ready for rollin’ or you be walkin’….I know….it don’t rhythms….anyways. You will be walking to the cliffs, instead of ridin’ in our fine new transports called ATVs. They’re out back, getting loaded with our gear…(pings the metal)....tonight. We invaded their tiny space enough. It’s late! Paint you a bed for the night…here…in Play Room…” Baycliff empties incompletely, finger pointing at the tiles.
“…for little girls.” Almena fills  then neck snaps her skull at Baycliff and adds, “…and the Game Room for little boys. Does my English comprehend your numb teen age minds?” She twists her lips, ugly, and warmingly warns the teens as she rotates her neck muscles around occupied and usually quiet room as teen skulls bob up and down several times in silent acceptance. Almena concludes with a bright grin. “Very good, good night, see everyone coming from their separate hallways at breakfast time.” Cowboy baritone and cowgirl soprano ring in the room as the parents exit the archway.
Wolf stands, waving both his arms and hands in a silly pattern, commenting. “Gots a big question? Is Taffy going to be safe in our disguises and at ‘Showcase’?”
“Of course.” Amita staccatos then snorts with a loud grunt.
“Taffy? Safe?” Tulu repeats, eye burning her sister then worries.
I address. “I believe that the question should be posed and analyzed by each one of us. We are…all in danger if Hico finds us spying, and scouting around his armed Showcase, or guarded South Beach. I suggest that we keep the bite-nats masks and iron hands close to use as we visit around our home and away from our parents.”
“They know. They saw us on TV, Taffy. They…,” Tulu repeats with worry.
“Right, Tulu. They know but we know that we don’t want any more danger to them. Hico might threaten our parents just to get us to do something stupid, or smart. We lay low…” I eye burn Baycliff as he nods his jaw line in silence with agreement to me.
Wolf sites the problem. “Another great plan but I think we need ‘code’ names with our ‘cool’ disguises. If’an we call him… (points at Baycliff)…his real name of Baycliff….which is a very usual name, bro…Hico’s spies will ID us…well, him…immediately. I suggest we change our names to something simple since we are impersonalizing Riders…”
Wolf stops suddenly lecturing then neck snaps his skull at Baycliff then eyeballs to Rusk, and finally lands his pupils upon McCamy then the stands from the chair and marches to the tiny washing sink in the far corner of the room and fills a large glass pitcher with water. Wolf returns to the table then pours the cold water over his head, feeling the coolness of water and the warmth of bite-nats decomposing back into colored paint spots as it washes away from his six feet and two-inched frame. Wolf steps his boots forward to the occupied chair then swiftly dumps the rest of water onto Baycliff’s chest, watching as Baycliff’s bite-nats paint dissolve, seeing Baycliff’s tanned rippled muscular chest while Wolf, Rusk, and McCamy chuckles with a loud timbre.
Baycliff curses then stands, and balls his hands into fighting fists, threatening with a deadly baritone at Wolf. “Pray to God for mercy, boy…‘cause you’re meetin’ your Maker, hoss.” Baycliff gallops his body towards back pacing, two-stepping, and giggling Wolf.
Rusk blocks at running back Baycliff, chuckling into Baycliff’s face, calling bravely. “Let the boy ‘xplain his stupid death threat.” Baycliff sneers and snarls like a wounded animal, while eye burning a soonest beaten’ and bleedin’ Wolf.
Wolf stops pacing then chuckles, and finger points at his chest. “See this, pale…. (finger points at Baycliff)…see that, Baycliff, and all ya’ll Beachers are tanned from the hot heated sun. Riders live among the forest tresses and cool mountains with bears and cats, they don’t like the sun, and neither does Riders. We all be pale and…”
“Puny…,” Baycliff growls like a wounded animal.
“No, bro. Me and them Riders…be fight and tight…(slams his 8-abs)…ya boys and girls gots to change your skin tone…or no one’ll believe you’re Riders for this Showcase deal.” Wolf tattles with the truth.
“Wolf-man’s right. Place tan, beige, and white paint cans into the picnic basket, we can experiment with new skin pigmentation tomorrow in our hotel room. I learned from Fowler’s TV in the living room that Hico has renovated that old hotel near Baycliff’s farm on the outskirts of the limestone cliffs. We check in and register for Showcase like the rest of the Riders, Rockers and Swamplanders then we scout out who’s home and who’s not.” I add a new plot to my plan as teen skulls bob up and down in silence then I propose. “I agree with Wolf-man with some type of simple naming code like A…B. B for Bee. I’m Bee. C...”
“I want Zee starting with the letter z, not c.” Tulu volunteers, waving her raised hand and wiggling fingers pads like a school student.
Wolf proclaims, grinning with a stupid smirk. “I be C…for Cam.”
Baycliff concludes and chuckles, finger pointing at Wolf. “If he’s Cam, then I’m dam.”
“No snot-hole.” Wolf vetoes since this is his idea, shaking his skull side to side.
“A, B…C...D…,” I list.
“I am Dee.” Pemona accepts her new code name.
“E, G…,” I continue.
Baycliff notes, un-amusingly. “I take the letter ‘G’ …for geez…this is so obvious that we’re making up names just to enter Showcase, so we can participate in the throat cutting blood-festering death marking dance competition…”
“No ‘G’ for obtuse Baycliff. We start with the letter of H, I, J…,” I letter, ignore mewing Baycliff.
“I will take Jee.” Amita mews as Baycliff pats her folded hands while she sits in the seat eye burning me.
“Kee is me.” Rusk accepts then alphabetizes in his baritone trombone. “The letter of ‘L’…(eye burns Baycliff)….yeah…(Baycliff frowns)….Baycliff can be code-named Lee.”
“Look if’an….ya use that silly rhyming scheme. I wanna be Pee.” Baycliff wisecracks then chuckles along with McCamy as Rusk shakes his skull at his buddy and chuckles, too.
I huff then puff breathes between my giggles and comment. “No, Baycliff.”
“No, snot-hole. Ya be Lee, or ya be with my fist.” Rusk holds his single folded fist in the air, threatening playfully.
“I’ll be Lee.” McCamy raises his hand like in school, hoping to end the vocal cat fight before physical dog fight begins then he’ll have to break it up between Rusk and Baycliff like always.
Rusk whispers and counting the remaining letters on his finger tips. “Baycliff is Tee. We be done. Go to bed!”
Bee/Taffy
Cam/Wolf
Dee/Pemona
Jee/Amita
Kee/Rusk
Lee/McCamy
Tee/Baycliff
Zee/Tulu
6:54 am. 67ºF. Sun Block. Kitchen. Rusk slaps a fresh white bread slice over the tender white juicy turkey meat, stuffing the first piece of his created delicious sandwich onto his pink tongue, chewing vigorously while he rotates his neck muscles around the empty kitchen counters. He searches for a single empty tray to pile the seven turkey sandwiches for hungry growing three whinin’ boys inside the Game Room, and finds a paper bag near the sink, dumping gently the tower of food, folding the lip of the top tenderly.
The sounds echoes in the distance as the darkness continues temporally with heat index increases at an exponential rate right before Sun Block time as soft hands forcefully grab at both of Rusk’s bicep the powerfully swing his body into the face that attaches permanently to Pemona.
Rusk violently reacts and twirls his slender attacker in a half circle, slamming her body against the porcelain sink before seeing Pemona’s surprised pretty face the she quickly recovers and grins with a sweet smile then yawns her open showing her big horse teeth.
Pemona covers her ugly mouth with her hand, recovers then grins with a toothy smile at Rusk as Rusk slaps a wet kiss into her forearm, hugging closetly, and kisses her cheekbone then uprights his torso, guiding the sandwich into his mouth, chewing vigorously the second bite of bread and turkey.
Pemona sings in alto. “Rusk, Mama’ll have breakfast around 8:30am…plenty of food to go around.”
Rusk swallows the lump of bread and turkey, remarking. “Eat that…too.” He bites another large hunk of food, chews then grins, and leans his body right of Pemona, narrowing his eyelids and eye burns the distance object.
“My breathe stink?” Pemona comments while smoothing his wrinkled T-shirt from Rusk’s nighttime sleep down his warm taunt chest muscles to his belly button as Rusk neck snaps his skull to Pemona, giggling like a girl then bites another chunk of food.
“Naw.” He refocuses his eyeballs on the distance object, leaning more to the right his body and narrow his eyelids.
“Voices…who’s up?” Fowler stomps inside the archway, calling with shock. “What in tarnation…”
“DADDY.” Pemona names.
“DUCK.” Rusk drops the sandwich and paper bag, wrapping both his hands around Pemona’s shoulders as they fall left with her, painfully hitting his shoulder on the tile while he cuddles Pemona to his chest protectively.
BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! The four bullets break and explode the kitchen window glass left then right, smashing a stray bullet into Fowler’s right arm as he back pedals his body slamming into the oven stove. He kneecaps on the floor, sliding his body to the right in an upright position at his waist, holding his bleeding shoulder and cursing like thunder.
SWISH! The single fire bomb flies through the broken glass, landing inside the dry sink and burns with a light flame as the second fire bomb plants on the dry kitchen counters. It burns a round hole into the tile material as the third fire bomb gracefully slides onto the middle of the oven stove and crawls a series of hot flames around the stove eyes licking up the dry grease and fossilized food then prettily explodes into a wall of flames that brightens in red, yellow, and blue.
Rusk butt-crawls beside Pemona through the kitchen floor then out the door as flames try to invade the wall-paper hallway as Rusk uprights, first assisting her to stand, and warns the resting guests inside the other rooms. “FIRE. GET OUT! FIRE!”
Pemona tenderly touches Rusk’s T-shirt, updates with an excited soprano. “Daddy’s a mechanic engineer. The entire house is rigged to his mechanic commands.” She swings her face to him. “Daddy, you’re hurt!?”
Fowler curses then nosily slams the wall panel open seeking the proper button that blocks, protectively Pemona and Rusk from the flaming kitchen walls. He slaps the button, watching the steel door crash into slanted grids built into the floor between the food kitchen and family living room. He hears behind the steel the musical splashes and swishes of pond water and chemical foam extinguishing the kitchen flames and fire, offers in a tight voice. “I’m fine, sweetheart.” He swings his body at Rusk and Pemona, commanding. “Prepare to fight Hico’s guards, Rusk. Get the boys up!” He sees then tightly hugs upset Rochelle and orders. “Release the horses, Rochelle.”
More bullets nosily smash the front windows inside the family living room as bodies painfully slam onto tile for protection then vividly curses fill the air as the same bodies upright and separate quickly into different directions.
Living room. I kneecap on my legs then break the window glass with the pump action .12 gauge shotgun metal tip while flipping the gun around, and jam it under my armpit then fire and pump then fire and pump then fire a bullet then pump the gun. Rusk breaks a window on the opposite side of me in the living room, hiding his body near the wooden book case, shooting his bullets from the rifle into the advancing light.
Pemona clears each room, closing each door for safety as Almena treats Fowler’s arm before their escape from their home since Fowler Farms is un-safe until Director Hico has been run out of South Beach.
McCamy safely tucks Tulu into his chest, walking swiftly into the crowded hallway and listens to Fowler’s orders then he shifts his body into the family living room and separates from Tulu, jerking the shotgun from my hands, commanding. “Help get the horses released with Rochelle, Taffy and take care of Tulu.” He hugs Tulu and plants a quick kiss on her forehead, instructing. “Meet ya’ll at the ATVs in the garage, muffin. We leave as soon as its safe…spread the word, Taffy.”
Tulu and I exit into the hallway as McCamy checks his ammo, and re-loads the gun then kneecaps at broken window in place of me aiming and firing into the advancing lights that shine brightly in the continuously night before Sun Block.
I order while hugging Tulu inside my arms. “You get Amita out of bed and into one of the transports, Tulu. I’m help Rochelle get the horses out the stalls before the fire spreads to barn or bullets make any horse flesh. Meet us in the garage.”
Play Room. Tulu gallops down the dark hallway, turning right into room, and sees Baycliff on his kneecaps, hearing his sweet words to Amita as Baycliff softly words while holding her hands together like they were praying for a miracle from God. “…leave, honey bell.”
Amita bitterly complains, sitting her bee_hind on top of the yellow bite-nats created soft padded mattress. “Hico’s here to take me back there…to that awful place.” She cries and begs. “Save me.”
“Honey bell…come with me. I’ll take you back home to South Beach.” Baycliff softly whispers in her face while holding both her hands.
Amita moans with scary ideas. “Hide me, somewhere. Anywhere…” She scouts room with crying eyeballs for a new hiding spot.
Tulu kneecaps besides Amita, tenderly patting her thin right shoulder, offering with a slight panic voice. “Amita, we are going home…to South Beach. We have transports ready for hauling us home. Please stand! Baycliff can carry ya to the transport…then we go home.”
Amita panics. “No, hide me. Hico’ll follow me….find me…take me back to that awful place…that Silo under the dirt below the trees.”
Tulu swiftly stands and back pedals three paces from Amita, presents duck lips, ugly then forcefully punches on Baycliff’s bicep, ordering. “No more time. Do it, Baycliff!”
Baycliff moans then groans while scooting his kneecaps backward from Amita then rears his right fighting arm and cocks his folded fist, gently popping Amita in the jaw as she falls sideways into his open arms, unconscious.
Barn. I pop open the latch of third horse stall, grabbing the yellow cloth halter of stallion, leading him calmly in front the open gates of the grass pasture, waiting impatiently for Rochelle to release the rest of the metal latches as the doors swing open freeing the horses.
The mares will follow the stallion into the cool dewy pastures as Rochelle finishes her task while the mares peek out the stalls with cautious then I whisper to the stallion. “Call them, boy. Time for some fun!”
The stallion proudly neighs as the mare prettily prance from their barn stalls as I gallop the big stallion through the gates into the pasture lands, sliding the halter off his muzzle and releasing him to freedom. He trots into the middle of hilltop, calling his girls as the pretty mares race to entrance gate of green grass, and wild flower fields along with the geldings making the horses safe.
I swing around my body and race towards the garage following behind Rochelle as I spot Baycliff carrying Amita’s body over his wide shoulder as Tulu skips beside him then they disappear into dull lighted garage space. I see the yellow and red fire crackers of bullets from McCamy’ s shotgun through the living room’s window then witness two dark figures tear from exterior door into the outside flood lights as I identify the bodies of McCamy and Wolf. I run fast towards them, hearing my name and suddenly stop, viewing Tulu behind the driver’s seat of the tiny gray cart without a roof top and a set of side doors.
Tulu tenderly pats the empty seat, yelling something incoherent over the muffle of the loud machine as I swing my skull behind my shoulder at the echoing red and yellow visual shots, and recall that Rusk sits inside shooting his rifle when I race my boots towards the door.
Wolf catches my arm, swinging me into his chest, commanding. “Where’ya going, Taffy?”
“Rusk…” I yell and finger point back at the house, swinging my skull to see more of the ringing and visually entails of the gun shots.
“Coming…out soonest.” Wolf finger points at the house and orders. “Get into the ATV…with me. I’m driving.” He grins and snorts.
“Gun shots…coming from window….,” I jab a dirty finger nail back at the house, clarifying. “Rusk…is there. We can’t leave him…to Hico…”
Wolf man-pulls me towards the garage opening, comforting my nerves and mind. “Chill, doggie. Rusk busted out the door with Pemona…about five minutes ago or so.”
“Pemona?” I neck snap my skull in the opposite direction upon seeing both of them as Rusk holds her hand, leading Pemona towards me while McCamy drives up inside a different ATV.
Pemona pants then breathes and talks. “I’ll lead us out. We’re taking the back roads, mostly woodlands and horse paths…on our land. We’ll be safe enough until we reach the pot-holed highway leading to the cliffs.”
“Your parents?” Wolf eye burns the house with the ringing shots and fiery red beams of bullets.
“Don’t worry! Mama and Daddy’ll hold them…off until we’re cleared. Hico’s men are not that close. Get loaded!” Pemona orders to Wolf as Rochelle slides beside her sister then Pemona neck snaps her skull to Rochelle, ordering. “Ride with Mama and Daddy, Rochelle. All the ATVs are fully.” Rochelle nods her skull once in silence acceptance then pivots, and trots towards house.
I neck snap my skull at Rusk, offering with a friendly invite. “Rusk, you can ride with me. I’ll even let you…”
Pemona grabs Rusk’s hand, jerking the boy forward as they gallop towards the garage as she orders like a drill sergeant. “No time! Mount up! We go get Hico.” She gallops with Rusk disappearing into the garage opening.
Two ATVs with drivers of Baycliff and McCamy wait impatiently in front of the play ground area where locates the tire swings, and slide on the out skirts of wild flower fields, and horse pastures for the other vehicles as Pemona and Rusk’s ATV zooms out of the garage, almost running over my foot. I twist my lips, ugly and eye gleam Pemona’s path, seeing her brake lights blare bright red as she nears the other ATVs then Pemona, the smaller two figures moves from the cart, waving her arms against the backdrop of the dark woodlands providing trail directions to other drivers.
Wolf laughs, staring at Pemona acting as a captain of the sinking boat and comments. “She’s diff from Apprenticeship like a little spit fire. Don’t ya think, Taffy?”
I spit, hotly. “She’s diff…alright!” Wolf pulls my pained forearm, dragging stunned me to tiny car.
Wolf slides into the tiny seat, stripping the webbing over his tall body, ordering. “Wear the webbing, these things are little and worse then saddle breaking a two-year old colt…” He chuckles as I criss-cross the cloth strips and metal buckles over my chest as Wolf ignites the cold engine, allowing it to warm for two seconds then roars out the garage lip. He suddenly stops the cart and un-belts the webbing then stands from the driver’s seat.
“What?” I panic.
“Forget my tulips!” Wolf wickedly grins and words with mystery.
I yell and reprimand. “Tulips? No time, Wolf-man…for flowers.”
“They’re for Hico…for his cold dead blue body after I stab him in the heart for killing my little Dove…” Wolf fades his voice and his body into the dark garage, seeking his prized bouquet of yellow tulips.
I feel angry, fear, and frustration, and can’t believe with my eyeballs that Rusk rode with her. Well, this is an emergency after all and when we get to the cliff that’s my territory…my home, I’ll have the advantage over Pemona. Then, Rusk will remember us…the fun time we…had together since Rusk is exhibiting his usual sweetheart moves helping a damsel in crisis.
After Hico is gone, Rusk will be mine…again as I bob my skull up and down several times and giggle like a little girl.
BANG! BANG! I startle, kitten-like at the loud noise and neck snap my skull towards the house which locates behind me then I eye burn little Rochelle’s body flat and dead upon the dirt as Hico’s guards accuracy shoot her from the ambushing bush at the front entrance.
BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! I see the light colored figures inside the dark archway as each figure drops one-at-a-time down through the archway into the red clay then the figures do not move for…1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds. Then, I permanently conclude that Fowler and Almena are dead since Hico has gotten them, also.
Wolf gallops to ATV, pitching the wrapped pretty bouquet of yellow tulips into my hands as I perfectly catch then he guns the running engine and races towards the disappeared ATVs into thick green and red woodlands.
My guts, bee_hind, and heart bounce up and down in the hard metal seat as I neck snap my skull back behind my right shoulder at the Fowler house, seeing more light colored figures emerge from the doorway holding guns in their arms. The figures point the barrels in my direction but we soar like an eagle into the edge of the woodlands. However, they’ll warn Hico since they have successfully killed Pemona’s parents and her little sister for helping the original South Beach Bandits and next will be after my family, too.
Wolf swings the ATV left then right and left, sliding in the white sand, green grass away from the Fowler house, ranch and pastures as he guns the pedal towards the row of ducklings that resemble the skeleton outlines of an ATV as McCamy holds both his arms in the air, signaling Wolf to stop in this spot.
Wolf slides the ATV parallel to McCamy, spitting sand over my cowgirl boots as McCamy motions his hand towards the gathered football huddle of teens as I soldierly stand and march slowly towards the huddle trying to decide or not to decide to tell Pemona about her dead family.
McCamy hands off the black tinted helmet to me and orders. “Sun block…in fifteen seconds. Don the helmets! Too dangerous to ride, during the blinding light.” He sobers and places the helmet over Tulu’s skull, first then guides one over his hair as he cuddles Tulu into his chest wrapping her in his steel biceps as they point their rounded faces and bodies east towards the rising sun of new day in South Beach.
Rusk and Pemona sucks their helmets over their faces, smiling at each other, sitting on the horizontal roll bar of their ATV cart, facing their masks and bodies east towards the rising sun, holding their hands together.
Baycliff clamps the black helmet over unconscious Amita inside their ATV, first then his helmet covers his blonde locks, scooting tenderly her body closer to his, and wraps his right steel bicep around her thin shoulders for love and protection as he faces east towards the sun.
I examine the heavy black helmet given to me by McCamy as Wolf holds his black tinted helmet high over his skull, commenting to me. “Hear tall tales of Sun Block but I’m never experienced it before. I couldn’t leave the Bull Pen or Kodare’s eyesight for any reason at Metro City Birmingham. Now, I understand all the reasons.” He neck snaps his skull to me, carrying a little fear in his eyeballs, asking. “Does it hurt…ya know…the burn?”
I explain, as bursts of white light crawls from the dirt like an Angel’s halo exploding in bright light like an opening hand. “I would shield your eyeballs with cupped hands while your face is inside the helmet and peek at the light between your finger pads like a scary movie.” I giggle as Wolf grins with a toothy smile and continue. “Naw. It won’t hurt. It’s beautiful, Wolf-man. You aren’t used to the brightness. We…Bandits…(smiles)…likes to steal the sun.”
I shuck my helmet over my skull, seeing the darkness as my pupils adjust to the heavy tinted metal and eye protection mirrors that are built inside and outside the rounded helmet. The techno-stuff makes the thing weigh about 10 pounds grinding your neck muscles as I soldierly stand beside Wolf as he obeys my VIP instructions cupping both his hands and protecting his sensitive eyesight.
The white slowly creeps onto the red soil like six pairs of spiders legs while sprays of pink color sprinkles like glittering stars fantastically between the expanding white bands. The hot sunrays musically pop the white grains of sand like corn popcorn on the oven stove top from the 112ºF heat.
Navy blue fist-sized bombs prettily explode in the air from the dry tree branches burning off from the healthy trees, falling like rainbow balls upon the red clay. The bright yellow band soars like vertical fireworks high into the white skyline from the sparking dry brown and yellow grasses due from the lack of water and cow shit.
Finale, the white light, pink sprinkles, blue bombs, yellow streaks, green grass, brown trees, and red clay pop brightly into day time as Earth’s solar sun jumps, kitten-like into a new yellow horizon like a bucking bronco for the start of a new day in South Beach, USA.
The two empty ATVs silhouettes on the left as two standing figures pose side by side next to the one wide body with four separate legs in the middle with two sitting love birds on top the ATV and one convoluted blob of two bodies cuddle together inside the ATV on the extreme right blazing their dark shadows against the white-yellowish sun.
Rain. New day. Woodlands. Ebro Farms. Cloudy. 67ºF. 9:02 am. Teens dash under the loud tinkling of a tin roof and over the soft splashing of the wet planks of a wooden front porch as the heavy droplets of condensed atmospheric water vapor precipitate upon their naked hair roots all the way down to their covered shoes as the rain falls under Earth’s gravity, during the torrential rain shower, a very common occurrence on the limestone rock cliffs.
The purpose of rain is to clear the dry humid air, water the sprouting farm crops and replenish the drinking fresh ponds as Amita stills her five feet and nine inched tall body with her plastered brown hair clinging to her collar bone and back muscles with a partial dry and wet worn yellow cozy wool blanket trailing down to the wet planks then lounging at the top of the first puddle of water decorating the rock steps, during the rain storm as she suspiciously observes with her narrowed eyelashes the interior dark room with these darker panels made from the surrounding Maple trees along Ebro’s woodlands inside the tiny shack on edge of the Birmingham Cliffs.
“Toad-strangler weather…get moving, hoss!” Rusk orders nasty with a baritone trombone to his twin, McCamy as the boys of six feet, four inches of blonde cropped hair with hardy farm work suntanned bulging biceps carry numerous heavy and wet boxes of gear from the skeleton ATV vehicles without any protective covered or clothed roof tops during the unstoppable waterfall from Heaven inside the tiny shelter.
“Gully washer’s a better term, move it, Wolf. Set a fire in the fireplace, Rusk while me and Wolf-man finish the un-packing.” McCamy bellows his command, following the clicks at the rear of Wolf’s cowboy boots, shuffling his shivering body out of the cold rain while thinking about warm food for his rumbling tummy as Rusk nods his skull in silence and moves toward the hearth, gathering wood for the new power source.
McCamy wishes the vehicles had been properly packed with food baskets instead of the heavy paint cans.
Blonde and bold, six feet, four inches of taunt muscles, gently pulls on her partial wet blanket, kindly talking to Amita as Baycliff tenderly guides from the edge of the porch away from the rain sheets pouring off the tin roof.  “You’re getting wet, honey bell. Please come inside! Ya need to change out of the wet blanket into a set of dry clothes for your health.” He finger points his free hand inside the dark room without overhead lights.
“No.” Amita bites back as she shakes her brown skull side to side, not moving out of the way of the traffic or from the front porch into the little shack.
Baycliff debates finely but not quiet social enough, wrapping his biceps around the wet blanket with Amita inside as he thinks of lifting her off the wet porch into his arms and toting her into the tiny shack without her permission but she’ll get mad so, he offers sweetly. “We gots to get out of the rain, Amita. You’ll get sick. You’re weak from your capture and imprisonment under the Silo. Please come inside, honey bell. Get dry, you can sleep or read or something….”
“No.” Amita stings, while not moving towards the dark small confined space.
Baycliff swings to her left as he shifts his biceps around her body, tenderly shoving her towards the open door. “Please, Amita.”
Amita decrees in a kitten-like mew. “I want to go to your place…the bay besides the cliffs.”
McCamy bellows sharply in baritone trombone as he waddles around the debating love birds of Amita and Baycliff. “Move it!”
Baycliff sweet breathes into Amita’s face in baritone trombone between his heavy breathes of shifting her light body towards the open door. “Can’t do, honey bell. I bet Hico’s men waits for me…and you and all of us to show. Too dangerous for us rebels, we have to wait it out until our surprise on Hico, tomorrow night.” He chuckles.
Amita debates as the sprays of cold rain bombard Baycliff’s back muscles and she plants her boots against the friction. “You don’t know that. We should try there first…before….we settle here.”
“Nothin’ wrong here. Nice and cozy inside…out of the rain storm. Ya remember our rain storms they last for hours…” Baycliff debates as a lawyer. 
Amita shouts, shaking her wet skull side to side, covering her wet arms with the wet blanket. “No, that room looks like…like the…the Silo…dark, damp, dark hole.”
“Amita, it’s a very large shed with daylight used to store stuff…hard to see the day since the suns covered in storm clouds.” Rusk stops in archway, updating and thumbing behind his shoulders.
“It’s okay honey bell…” Baycliff purrs into her face.
“Mama’s old hobby shed, her special home built by her and Daddy made of good strong water resistant red cedar…smells good…(sniffs nose into archway)….with running water, electric power for lights, shingled roof, windows. Ya standing on the front porch like your home, Amita… (stomps boot on wood)… (finger points at item)…see them square pink-painted flowerboxes.” He smiles, toothy. “I made them for Mama.”
“Don’t lie, bro. We…both made them flowerboxes for Mama.” McCamy shoves Rusk aside, enters archway mean, wet and tired from driving in rain, carries two picnic baskets containing heavy rusty cans of bite-nats from ATVs before rain washes the precious cargo away along with their brilliant plan to win Showcase from Hico and then beat the stuffing out of Hico with his own evil plans as he chuckles.
Pemona of five feet, nine inches skinny model frame with small breasts and slender hips, long straight brown hair, cornflower blue eyes, heart shaped face with duck shaped lips, ugly plants hypo needle into her arm. Amita screams and neck snaps her skull to Pemona as Pemona smiles with a toothy grin then uprights the little sharp needle in air for eyeballs, commenting softly. “Sedative. She’s fine and dandy. Mama’s used to rowdy children being a pediatric physician before the Nuke War and galloping around the community treating kids. Gave me a med kit for emergencies….”
“Good move, Pemona!” Wolf barks fondly and smiles from the doorway.
“Thanks for the assist, Pemona!” Baycliff grunts softly as Amita falls into his biceps, carrying her into the small room, laying her upon the worn soft cloth sofa in the corner near the fire.
“Don’t help that the Old English word ‘shed’ means to shut oneself up…away from the world…like going to the woodshed.” Rusk educates informatively as he chuckles.
“Shut it, Rusk! Go get some cans of food inside the kitchen for us.” McCamy commands then plops dry clothes onto floor, then finger points left. “Gals, there in Mama’s old sewing room. Get of your wet things off. Guys strip in here.”
“McCamy’s a leader.” Taffy cheers strutting on long legs and strong like an oxen with cropped brown hair glued to her skull. Tulu petites at five feet, and one inch…barely, thin muscles, short legs, petite toes tans nicely in hot sun rays, smiles, while giggling and helping tote the very last heavy picnic basket out the ATV in the rain into the shed.
“McCamy’s a snot-hole.” Rusk substitutes brilliantly holding up the mason glasses canned vegetables, listing. “Gotssss…..yummy pickled okra, watermelon rinds….”
“Hogs ate that stuffy.” Baycliff complains, sneering at the disgusting green and red glass jars.
Rusk holds new mason jars with different colors. “Some deep-fried pickles, pickled pig’s feet swimming in vinegar brine….”
“Only eat pig’s feet with collard greens...,” Baycliff announces.
“…washed down with three bottles of Hixson’s beer!” McCamy presents the open bottle in front of Baycliff’s nose. “Knock yourself out…Baycliff.”
“Any chicken eggs?” Baycliff annoys.
“Naw.” Rusk huffs musically, twisting the jar open.
“Quail eggs?” Baycliff annoys, twice.
“Naw.” Rusk huffs, twice, picking the first knuckle and placing in front of Taffy.
“Pickled Vienna sausage?” Baycliff annoys, thrice, grinning.
Rusk slaps three pigs’ feet in Baycliff’s empty place, dictating. “Naw, that’s all we gots…eat or leave?”
“The feet are tender enough I can break it apart with a spoon or chopsticks…,” Pemona compliments, nodding her skull to Rusk as he glides beside her.
Rusk holds upright his food. “Eat your pig’s feet like a cowboy. Pick it up with your hands… (displays thick rubbery pink skin…)…tear it apart with your fingers… (split toes in half)….gnaw on it with your incisors, then suck it clean your tongue…. (sucking noises)…tasty stuff!” He grins with a toothy smile of pig toe meat between his molars as teens moan.
“Eat the toes one by one…(holds pig foot with two toes in hand)…this little piggy went to the market…(sucks on pig toe inside mouth, chews, swallows, then spits bone onto plate). Ping! “….this little pig stayed home…(eats second toe, then spits bone). Ping! “….this little piggy had roast beef…(eats new second pig foot, then spits bone). Ping! “…this little piggy had none…(sucks second toe of new pig, then spits bone). Ping! “…this little piggy cried wee, wee, wee all the way home…(sucks on third pig toe, then spits bone). Ping! “…and…” He pauses for drama, staring. “This little piggy…” Baycliff stops talking while his face muscles drop, eyelids smash upright then hands cover his throat as he stops breathing. He falls sideways off chair and stills dead onto wooden planks.
Pemona finger points at Baycliff lying on the floor, clarifying with fear in her alto clarinet voice. “He…he’s…Baycliff is presenting symptoms of botulism poisoning. I saw it before…not at Daddy’s farm but another rancher. His face stiffens with tight muscles then spreads to the arms. Then, the victim quits breathing from respiratory failure. Baycliff’s dying. Help him!”
McCamy calls out as meat spits back down his plate. “Get up, snot-hole before I beat ya red and raw…that’s after I break them nose holes showing off your red blood.”
Baycliff re-seats, chuckling and proclaims biting between the knuckles. “Mama cans her pig’s feet with collard greens, white potatoes, fatback and a sweet touch of white sugar.”
“Yee-haw! Baycliff’s going to made Amita a good wife since he can…can-can like his Mama.” McCamy teases then chuckles then dives into his food.
Rusk besides Pemona while talking in past. “Mama enjoyed canning out here, singing and steaming the vegetables just perfect. I guess part of her peace she craved from winging two Coon puppies. She canned fruits making her special butter apple jelly and lots of vegetables from the gardens. Now…Daddy tosses the pigs’ knuckles with boiled cabbage and Irish potatoes…pretty good cook. Can ya cook, Pemona?”
“Very well…,” Pemona smiles with pig meat between her teeth as Rusk chuckles.
Rusk tries to impress. “Canning is a method of preserving food that’s processed and sealed in airtight containers for years. In 1795, the French military offered a cash price of 12,000 francs for a new method to preserve food and Nicolas Appert proved it by canning to prevent micro-organisms from entering and proliferating inside…
“Shut it, Rusk and eat.” McCamy orders with a sneer.
Kitchen. Tulu sings musically in flute soprano octave ‘c’ slamming the tin lid on granite counter then pops open the lid laying out preserved canned peaches made two years ago by Pocola in the empty bowl for McCamy. “The charmmmm Tulu puts on butter is the charmmmm Tulu’s for love and lasting affection….to McCamyyyy. May your body…McCamyyyy, darling not cease to pay Tulu charmmmm…prompt and necessary attention may your love…McCamyyyy….follow my body….as the cow follows her calf from today till the day weeee die….”
“A traditional Irish charm sung by a female preparing death for her man…” Baycliff jokes at Tulu and McCamy acting all lovey-dovey like puke green sick vomit with their cute body gestures at each other. He’s relieved that Amita doesn’t show intimidate feelings front of cowboys, only in secret and recalls Taffy is similar in Southern lady manners like Amita, slurping the peach juice from cup.
“Naw, dumb hick. A traditional Irish charm song for a female preparing food for her man…to bring your loved one closer to ya.” Rusk corrects, winking flirtatiously at Pemona then leaning into her pretty face, asking privately. “Are ya Irish by chance, lassie?” Pemona shakes sideways her brown skull in silence consuming her peaches.
Baycliff entertains between the bites of dessert since Amita sleeps off the sedate administrated by sneaky Pemona. “Irish courtship’s full of fun, dancing, singing and flirtation…and tummy feeling meals to woo her man with tantalizing aromas and promised years of happiness.”
“Snot-hole, sorta’s right….there’s…” Rusk dumps.
“Stop interfering with Cupid’s work, hoss!” Baycliff barks at the teen with a loud timbre.
Rusk lectures with an academic flair. “Ya know. Cupid ain’t that cute little fat rosy cheeked cherub everyone thinks. Based on documented my schoolhouse Ancient History book, he’s one of them dark gods of dejected love and jealous desire who get his kicks matching ‘odd couples’ together to see how they interacted in either love or hate or a combo...”
“Odd couples?” Baycliff repeats then gulps down the entire half peach as silvery liquid drops off his lips then he wipes mouth with the back of his hand.
Rusk educates. “Don’t know what that means either just quoting the Greeks. Or is the Romans? Anyways, Cupid’s sent by his mother, Venus to punish Psyche, a beautiful Earth mortal. Instead, he fall in love instantly, marries her and they have a child named Pleasure.”
“You….are not amusing me, hoss.” Baycliff complains bitterly.
Tulu updates. “I don’t agree, Rusk. Any old wives’ tale with instruct a love sick maiden to bring the Greek god Cupid into your life by drawing hearts with arrows on steamy morning bathroom mirrors, or by signing your letters and notes with his symbol to woo the one ya love.” She grins with a toothy smile, giggling at McCamy.
“Sooooo…that’s how Tulu hog-tied McCamy.” Baycliff concludes, chuckling.
“Watch it, bro!” McCamy neck snaps his skull growling in a nasty tone at Baycliff then calms seriously as he swings his skull back to Tulu and tenderly kisses her peach-juiced sweet soft lips.
Every eyeball and eardrum knows that McCamy loves deeper than the Gulf of Mexico his muffin Tulu by showing and telling folks inside South Beach and Heaven help the one that doesn’t hear it with eardrums or see it with eyeballs.
“Dang, hoss! Kiss her right…?” Baycliff taunts unforgiving.
“Kiss her right?” Wolf inquires then chuckles.
“Give her a French Kiss….let in them Hollywood films we watch on school nights.” Baycliff rises up and down his blonde eyebrows, funny.
Pemona cheers happily, slapping, playfully Rusk’s bicep with fun. “Go, girl, seek them happy nights to happy days.” Rusk wraps steel his arms around Pemona, pecking her cheekbone tenderly because she moves to fast for lips to hit her mouth without knocking his front teeth out.
Baycliff instructs. “Looky, the big difference between a quiet ‘brotherly’ kiss….which bro just illustrated…poorly at that.” Laughter invades the room immediately as McCamy snarls like an old junk dog.
“Baycliff’s goofying ya, McCamy.” Tulu taps his chest with a finger nail enjoying the juicy peaches and the verbal punches. 
“Diff between sweet subtle ‘brotherly’ versus hot passionate ‘French’ kiss is your mouth’s opened, not shut. Tongues touch, fight and win. But…gotta ensure your mouth’s clean, not filled with…hot red peppers or Hixson’s beer: Baycliff holds the open bottle in the air then chugs the rest of the contents and loudly burps as giggles invade room then he continues. “So…before you attack your girl, brush your teeth. Gargle with mouthwash and drink lots of water.” He claps for center attention. “Let’s get started with French kissing. You and your partner face each other…”
“Do it, Tulu!” Taffy encourages her sister all in fun and entertainment getting everyone’s mind off the deadly event of tonight at Showcase. McCamy growls like wounded animal while Tulu whispers softly into his face then he calms down to considerate.
“Show snot-hole how’s it done….Southern style, bro.” Rusk cheers then fist-bumps with Wolf as Wolf chuckles.
Baycliff narrates to the love birds, fist-bumping with Rusk. ”Face each other…good! Tilt your head to the side! The other side, McCamy! Geez, did he get passed first base, Tulu?” Laughter invades the table immediately as Rusk fist-bumps with Baycliff then McCamy growls like wounded animal then he shifts his body and fists towards Baycliff.
“Ignore the snot-hole, bro.” Rusk advises, grinning.
Baycliff narrates. “Skulls tilt opposite ways so as not to crash your nostrils. O! Check to ensure big green snotty boogers…”
“‘Snot-hole’, why ya call someone that colorful…noun, Rusk?” Pemona injects for fun, giggling.
“The noun comes from the Middle English word, gesnot…” Rusk dumps.
“Geeee…snot….McCamy’s a snot-hole. Ya mean…that Old English word.” Baycliff substitutes brilliantly.
Rusk threatens. “Going to start all the way back from Greek god Cupid, if’an ya don’t shut your upper hole, Baycliff.”
“Shut it, Baycliff.” Wolf lectures, chuckling.
“To answer milady’s question, Gesnot is usually considered vulgar slang for a person regarded as annoying, arrogant or impertinent.” Rusk finishes and nods his skull with his performance as teen laugh.
“Okay? We be done with literature lesson!” Skulls bob up and down as Baycliff instructs. “Good, no green snotty boogers hanging from your nostrils. Check! Start touching your lip, softly….(lips touch)....so far so good! Now, part your lips, slightly. Stroke Tulu’s lips with your tongue, McCamy…. (tongue shows)…soft like angel’s wings.” Rusk fist-bumps his hand with Baycliff’s. “Do it twice…just to be nice. Like my poem…(skulls nod sideways)…whatever.” Rusk fist-bumps his hand with Wolf then they snigger, watching the action as Baycliff narrates. “Now, stroke Tulu’s top lip. Ya be getting deep emotional bad boy reaction urges, hoss…and if not…” Baycliff laughs and neck snaps his skull to Rusk and Wolf, leaning into their space and whispers into nostrils the Baycliff uprights as Rusk and Wolf hoot with laughter.
“If not….what’s that mean, Baycliff?” Rusk funs his twin, chuckling.
“You be gay, bro.” Baycliff dumps loudly when McCamy swiftly slides off loveseat and charges like stream roller at Baycliff, slamming folded fist made of steel into Baycliff’s naked eight-pack abs. The boys stumble, tumble, and rumble onto the tile as Rusk fist-bumps Wolf watching the entertainment of fight, chuckling.
“Beat his butt, Baycliff.” Rusk cheers.
Tulu swiftly stands and finger points at the fighting boys, pleading in a whiny voice. “Taffy, make them stop!”
Taffy giggles as she enjoys the battle. “Baycliff must’ve touched a soft spot on McCamy.”
“Rusk, stop your twin.” Tulu swings her face at Rusk.
Rusk chuckles then annoys. “Don’t look at me, I gots a sweetie…(pats Pemona)…besides me.”
“Break it up, dogs.” Taffy motions with like a traffic cop with arms, hands, and finger pads. Wolf jumps into the fight smacking fists against biceps and chest muscles for fun as the three boys Tango dance together in tumbles while Taffy directs the flow of bodies, yelling. “Enough, puppies! Stop it, McCamy and quick beatin’ Wolf and Baycliff! Rusk, help me?”
“Doing my own Tango.” Rusk chuckles, while touching her hand as Pemona giggles then he kisses her lips tenderly.
“Up, cowboys! We have to work to do. Tulu clean up the dishes. Rusk stoke that fire better.” Taffy orders, kicking bare feet into McCamy’s rib cage then Baycliff’s as the boys roll from the impact.
“Who’s the leader?” Rusk quizzes and giggles.
“Who’s the snot-hole, now?” Baycliff substitutes brilliantly.
Wolf rolls towards the fire, kneecaps then moves to sleeping Amita, examining her forearm with rough finger pads as Amita soundly sleeps from sedative. Wolf gently lifts her thin arm in air and finger points at limb, explaining. “See…ya’ll girls need to be this color of skin on your bodies for Showcase tonight in the Huntress Game competition. Amita looks a lot like one of my sisters back home in the North Ridge Mountains…. (motions to Taffy)….Taffy pudding, come here.”
Taffy scoots beside Wolf as he dips the horse tail brush into the beige can of bite-nats then paints her arm and dips a second brush into tan colored bite-nats then mixes both colors on Taffy’s arm as her forearm turns dark beige.
“Naw. Add some pink tone to the base.” Rusk suggests, standing and observing besides Taffy then grabs a new brush and dips pink onto the horse hair, stomping back to Taffy. He paints and mixes the pink into the dark beige as the color turns peachy-glow. Wolf nods his skull, complimenting. “Just right, this mixture looks perfect. Amita’s a little too pale due to no sunlight for a year or so. We be healthy strong Riders so Hico picks us for first prize to fight…”
“Don’t fight our kind and kin. We fight Hico.” Rusk cheers.
“We surprise Hico with his pink panties down then fight his kind. Get them boys and girls out of South Beach.” Baycliff adds, sneering with evil thoughts.
Wolf finger points to the small mobile TV in which picture switches to a set of different buildings and structures within the South Beach community, while explaining. “Lots of Hico’s kind…of boys and girls…here. They attend tonight’s Showcase and Huntress Game competition hosted by pretty Vovina and prettier Kodare.”
“Looky… ya see the same image I do.” Baycliff finger points at screen, calling over the teens.
“Thelee Farms, I recognize the barn. We found them. We found Mama…” Tulu jumps up and down on her tippy toes, hugging McCamy with happiness at pinpointing the location of her parents for a swift rescue.
“And Daddy….,” Taffy finishes, smiling with excitement.
“And I gots a plan…,” Baycliff opens his arms in a half-moon with anticipation.
Front porch. 1:00pm. 78ºF. Sunny. Baycliff tosses in a high arch the rock trying to hit the puddle of water from the summer storm, talking softly. “….looking into her beautiful eyes, I feel the same way all over again, Taffy. She’s gorgeous, smart, funny, and really down to earth. I love being with her. I’m so happy, Taffy. Love…is like a high for me, Taffy. I’m so high of love with Amita. We…are the perfect match.” He pauses for drama, watching the rock hit the water, continuing.” I just love her so much. She’s my world. Everything…I do now is in her interests. She’s the only thing in the world I care about… Amita is everything to me.”
“I’m happy for you, Baycliff.” Taffy watches the rock ripple the puddle, lying honestly.
“NO!” Amita shouts framing the archway, wearing the blanket around her wet clothes arguing with Wolf.
“Wolf-man?” Baycliff stands rushing to Amita’s side, hugging her close to him.
“Ya gots the real coloring of pale skin like a Rider girl. You’re a good dup….for our plan, Amita.” Wolf explains poorly then eye burns Baycliff for help with their rescue plot.
“No! I’m staying here. I’m cold and wet and hungry. No one cares about me.” Amita whines like a toddler.
“Honey bell…,” Baycliff names, while cuddling her closer to his chest.
“Them Riders will listen to her making our entrance into the barn, easier…tell her, baycliff.” Wolf debates, twisting his lips, ugly.
“Honey bell…” Baycliff names, while whispering into her eardrum.
“No! I didn’t feel well.” Amita confesses as she eye burns Taffy.
Taffy injects with concern. “I can stay with…”
“No.” She stomps her boots and yells. “I don’t need a babysitter, either. Go and do your silly thing. I’ll stay here and guard the…wood shed.” Amita insults.
Wolf advices, eye burning Rusk. “Then, give her a gun…just in case…Hico or one of his masked insects shows up. We gots bad trouble.”
Baycliff shares, while cuddling her into his chest, and pecking her cheekbone. “Amita can’t shoot a gun.”
“Ya can’t shoot I thought…all cowgirls…” Wolf comments with shock, eye burning Amita.
“I am a Southern lady.” Amita tattles then smiles at Wolf.
“Amita stays…alone, and protects the shed. It should be safe here. No one knows of this place except Rusk and McCamy.” Baycliff concludes, pecking her cheekbone.
12:16 pm. Tulu skips besides McCamy as they stop in front of the old worn garage then he lifts the squeaky rusty mechanics showing a covered item. McCamy jerks the old worn dull green lining from the machine, finger points, and grins with a set of perfect teeth.
“Whoa!” Wolf grunts musically, jumps his body up and down and finger points at the dirty machine as Tulu smiles with pride while Taffy giggles and Pemona parts her lips and neck snaps at Rusk. Rusk hugs her tightly.
“Punk green jacked up mud truck with 44 inches of black tires, raising ya up and over 31 inches from the dirt.” McCamy lists for Wolf. Wolf drops his body into the mud puddle examining the belly of the jacked up pickup truck from the ancient days of road rage.
Wolf assesses, finger pointing, scooting his back muscles under the metal frame. “Two transfer cases of 28 inch springs with 3 inch body and 3 link with 1 inch hiem joints 44 x 19.5x 16.5, 456 gears in the rear and a gov lock in the front Dana 60 and 14 bolts out…”
“Ya see…them bars helps sure up the rears in them springs don’t wobble…just glide like a pond Mallard down the stream.” McCamy lands beside him, finger pointing at the gears.
“Out, hicks!” Rusk pulls on McCamy’s boot, dragging his big body partial from under the big truck.
“Up, Wolf-man, we gots work…lots of work before tonight.” Baycliff kneecaps, slapping his biceps as Wolf and McCamy move back into the clean air and sunshine. Rusk climbs in and moves the truck out the home-made garage into the clearing.
Baycliff grabs Pemona’s hand, asking. “Ya like?”
Pemona giggles as she words. “It’s big and it looks like fun…yes, I like.”
Rusk slams the driver’s door, yelling. “Hey, snot-hole! Don’t touch my girl!”
Baycliff offers, shoving Rusk backwards with his hand. “Pemona gets to keep me company on the ride into the swamp since it’s her first time on a classic. You drive, hoss while I entertains your girl….” He smiles, rocking his eyebrows up and down.
“Naw. How about I beat ya, Baycliff…” Rusk threatens as he pops a fist against his palm.
Pemona walks to Rusk, touching his chest. “I can handle…him since you carry my life in your hands at the wheel.” Then she kisses his sneering lips as Rusk hugs her tenderly and nods his skull watching Baycliff and Pemona stroll towards the rear of the truck. He assists upon the tail gate which is open parking her bee_hind right beside Tulu as McCamy kisses on Tulu.
Wolf rides on top of the tire hood then McCamy leans around the bed, yelling. “GO, RUSK.”
Rusk grabs Taffy’s hand, suggesting. “I need an assistant and you’re it, Taffy.” He helps her into the jacked up cab.
12:34 pm. Rusk steers the pickup very slow as McCamy searches for the ammo when not flirting with Tulu as he storytells with Taffy next to him. “Just happened, that’s all, Taffy. We started talking…at Fowler Farms some random funny things. She told me about her childhood on the farm, her friends, her playground…(holds up hands). I mean her childhood swing set with a tire swing. She talked about every single thing important in her life. After a while, I figured out how good she is for me, how unique she is for me and how much she likes me. I gots overwhelmed and confused at first…”
“At first...,” Taffy dumps.
“Then, it hit me like a thunder bolt, we matched. Ya know. We match in them important things like marriage, children…farming. After short time, I still to think about the same important things. Our marriage. Our children. Our farm?”
Taffy turns her skull towards the window, commenting softly. “Ya don’t own a farm, Rusk?”
“Fowler Farms, Fowler don’t have sons. Pemona don’t work like you…Taffy. Not good mule worker!” Rusk talks with excitement and happiness then laughs.
“Thanks for the lovely compliment, Rusk.” Taffy giggles, turning to frown with twisted lips, ugly at Rusk.
“Ya know…my underlying meaning!” Taffy nods her skull in silence acknowledge as Rusk proclaims. “After we marry…”
“Marriage?” Taffy voices in piccolo soprano with surprise.
“I’m smitten by her…loving warm embrace and caring soft words, Taffy. The bestest moment of my life when we declared our love for each other. I hope you approve. You’re like my best man but not…more like my best man-girl.” Rusk asks, smiling brightly at her.
Taffy giggles with the weird but true description. “Thanks, Rusk!”
“I hope ya want to be in our wedding. Well, yeah, after we kick Hico’s bee_hind off of South Beach for good. Me and Pemona are getting hitched…maybe double wedding with McCamy and Tulu…” Rusk informs with the second surprise.
“Tulu’s too young…she only sixteen…” Taffy shockingly dumps with parted lips, eye burning Rusk.
Rusk stares ahead at the land avoiding the puddles, lecturing like an adult, not teen. “We’re…all too young, Taffy. Too young to be fighting for our short young lives in all the places on Earth…our own land…South Beach for them silly rusty cans of bacterial gnats created by our Daddies.”
“Our Daddies, what’s bite-nats got to do with my Daddy, Rusk? Not right, bite-nats and…” Taffy empties.
“Our Daddies…are…were back then in 2064…or so the genius scientists in Huntsville when we were all tiny babies. They created the formula for bite-nats.” Rusk tattles with a cool tone.
“You definitely leap around conversationally topics from marriages to magic.” Taffy shakes her brown skull side to side, commenting.
“STOP, RUSK!” McCamy screams, slapping the bed of the truck for gathering their ammo for the fight with the Riders and the rescue of their families at the barn on Thelee Farms.
2:04 pm. Thelee Farms. McCamy escorts Tulu around the bed of the truck, lifting her into the front seat besides Pemona then he hangs onto the lift kick standing between Tulu’s legs as she parks inside the truck seat, lecturing with love, of course. “Stay put, muffin! You’re be safer in here. I’ll be back… (eyes swing to Riders)…after my fun.” He chuckles with entertain then he kisses her lips, swiftly as he jumps down into the mud puddle, slamming the door shut and secure for the girls.
Tulu watches quietly as McCamy, Wolf, Rusk and Baycliff pace slowly towards the Riders guarding the red barn then twists lips and body, ugly at steering wheel as Taffy views the action, inquiring. “Taffy, are we staying put?”
“Naw. We’re going to play, too.” Taffy giggles as she pops the latch sliding out the door.
Taffy leads Tulu and Pemona down the side of the truck, crawling on the low lying bushes then under the low trees as they sneak behind the group of Riders while they focus on the cowboys.
McCamy orders as snot-hole leader to Rusk and Wolf. “Get behind me little brother. I’m in front…I’m the…”
Rusk re-issues in duplicate baritone trombone to big bro. “I’m the negotiator.”
McCamy leads swinging the two pails of stunned small mammals in each hand, clarifying. “Naw, boy! You’re the peacekeeper, keeping peace between me and Daddy for a long time now…filling in for Mama. Anyways, Baycliff’s the real negotiator of the South Beach Musketeers. I’m the fighter…and Wolf-man’s our secret weapon. Right, dude?” Wolf just grins with the upcoming encounter of his clan, clapping his hands in excitement.
Taffy leads the cowgirls under the low Maple trees as they quietly sneak behind the Riders.
“Hey, bubba!” McCamy calls friendly, shoving the second pail into Baycliff’s hands as Rider #1 approaches both of them carrying the shotgun like a baby.
Rider #1 questions. “What’da ya want, Bandit?” Rider #2 manly struts beside Rider #1 as both pale faces lean in towards the silver shiny pails dropping with water droplets.
McCamy extends his pail, showing the live brown spotted mammals inside as the bullfrogs croak musically one at a time, asking. “Can we hunt around the pretty flowers…over yonder them things eat bugs?”
“Know that stupid.” Rider #2 proclaims as he cuddles his shogun into his chest.
“Bubba’s smart.” McCamy compliments and winks his eyelid, right with a friendly brotherly gesture at smiling Baycliff.
Baycliff doesn’t acknowledge the wink or the compliment of the Rider from McCamy, vocalizing not friendly. “Smart-hole.”
McCamy begs with duck lips, ugly staring at Rider#1. “Can we hunt? We hungry for them snacks?”
“Snacks?” Rider#2 repeats with confusion.
“Frog legs…snacks. Eat them.” McCamy explains with a snort, finger pointing at the pail.
“Yum. Yum. Dum. Dum.” Baycliff calls out loud then he grins stupidly at Rider#2.
“Know that stupid.” Rider#2 smart-holes, while lifting the shotgun to his shoulder.
“Taste like chicken fingers. Ya like chicken fingers?” McCamy sways the tension of the Riders provided by snot-hole Baycliff.
“Everything tastes like chicken fingers.” Baycliff smart-holes just to be a smart-hole then grins stupidly at the Riders.
Rider#2 shifts his boots towards Baycliff, inquiring as he leans into the dark spot with the moving objects. “What’s in your pail?”
“Turtles for soup…tastes like…,” McCamy answers.
“Chicken…,” Baycliff fills then laughs because turtle guts taste like and look like white meat between the beans of brown chili.
“Everything tastes like chicken to Baycliff.” McCamy declares, winking friendly at his friend.
“What’s a baycliff?” Rider #2 screws his eyebrows, ugly as he inquires.
“Ya know…the cliff where the bay meets the hard rocks…,” Rusk updates moving behind McCamy for the fight.
“Naw! It’s him!” McCamy thumbs at Baycliff next to him as Rider #2 parts his lips, widely as he recognizes the unique name then Baycliff slightly nods his skull for the correct positive identification, grinning goofy at the stupid bubbas.
“Them be the renegades….,” Rider#1 injects, shifting the shotgun from his shoulders into his palms.
Baycliff giggles like a girl then calmly corrects. “Naw. I’m the rebel. I like that term much better than renegade ‘cause it means…” Baycliff steps his cowboy boot toe forward, punching swiftly Rider #2 in the nostrils as Rider #1 swings his shotgun directly at McCamy then finishes. “I win, jack-hole.” He laughs, while ducking the folded fist at his jaw.
Many fists spring into many opposite jaw lines, causing lots of pain as skulls tilts right then left and arms fling left then right. McCamy ducks left as Rusk grabs the advancing fist and swings the Rider#1 flying into the near-by tree trunk, knocking him unconscious. The fist hits his a set of eight-pack abs as Baycliff grins stupidly at punching Rider #3 with very little pain, slamming his fist against the glass jaw and watching him fall face down into the mud puddle.
McCamy shoots both his fists at six-pack abs like two battering rams as Rider #4 who stumbles onto his back muscles then curls into a sleeping kitten in the puddle while Rusk runs and downs Rider#5 against the flower beds near the front porch of Thelee’s home.
Baycliff finishes Rider #6 with a left hook to his jaw as the teen fall into another mud puddle.
Rider #7 advances from the front porch of the Thelee Homestead pumping the shotgun into action and direct pointing the barrel inside Rusk’s nostrils as Rusk flips his open palms upright for a quick surrender before death calls.
Taffy swiftly pops Rider #7 in the rear of his skull with the hand-sized hard limestone rock as he falls into the grass while Pemona quickly belts Rider #8 with the fresh green thick and hard tree limb on the back of legs, tumbling forward towards Wolf who gallops in and smashes both jaws with both folded fist, watching him drop into the mud.
Taffy and Tulu move fluidly into the red two-story framed wooden barn, slamming open both the familiar double doors, seeking, and searching the dim-lighted room as eyeballs meet sun tanned wrinkled skins of their elder folks of South Beach.
“TAFFY.” Thelee calls.
“DADDY.” Taffy yells back, running into his open arms as she cries with happiness.
“TULU.” Thelee calls to his baby girl as Tulu occupies the other arm not filled with tall Taffy.
“DADDY!” Tulu names as she cries heavy into his shoulder as McCamy, Baycliff, Rusk, and Wolf carry two unconscious mud-covered Rider on each shoulder into the barn doors then painfully slams them onto the soft hay floor.
Ebro swings his old body between his twins, ordering. “Good job, boys! Listen up, Hico has the women and children in a hidden location.”
“Hixson?” Rusk injects with worry.
“Hixson’s with the other teens for that…” Ebro updates.
Rusk updates, nodding his skull at Daddy. “…Showcase thing, tonight. We gots a great plan, Daddy that don’t include them Riders.” He finger points at the unconscious teens as Bandits laugh.
8:00 pm. SHOWCASE. 77ºF. Clear starry sky. Teens meet and re-greet in the hallway after Taffy had registered their Victorian Showcase for the competition tonight then had passed out separate keys for fake male and females Rider faces. They bite-nats paint into their pale-face skin tones and colorful imaginative Steampunk outfits then they all head downstairs in their bite-nats costumes for spying on the other teens before the grand competition at 9:00 pm.
The once broken down hotel paints in red, white, blue, green, and yellow colors of bite-nats inside the competitive Showcases lining up and down the wide corridor.
Amita yanks on her left lace glovette colored in black, exposing her three caret fake diamond engagement ring as she holds the black the purple and yellow dragons designed parasol under her armpit. Baycliff covers her bare naked shoulders with his right white-sleeved bicep over Amita’s black tight and tiny waist hour glass corset with a string of blood red tiny roses lining the lace over her breasts. She doesn’t wear a jacket or cape over the huge fake diamond necklace around her throat as she snorts like a wild boar while eye burning Taffy from under her solid black mini-tea topper hat sliding down over Amita’s face on the left side with a black funeral veil that covers her left eyeball.
Her hair is pulled into a tight bun behind her neck, showing off the fake diamond drop earrings from her ear lobes as she swags her hips back and forth in a standing pose, wearing the midnight black floor length swag front skirt, and hiking the fabric to her thigh with vertical black and white silk stockings covering her long legs and a triple red bows at the thigh tucked inside her red laced tied leather boots.
Baycliff words softly into Amita’s right eardrum then peeks lightly his lips on her right cheekbone. “Honey bell, I think you need a wrap over your exposed shoulders. I can feel the cold air circulating around the large auditorium. I’d suggest ya run back upstairs into the suite and paint more clothing around your body. You’re still…recuperating…”
“Don’t I look good, Baycliff?” Amita pulls on the right glovette as she snaps her alto voice with a fury tone at Baycliff while eye burning Taffy.
Taffy decorates in the baby blue tuxedo jacket edged in black, straight matching baby blue skirt with a wrapped Christmas bow bustle in back of her bee_hind, no hiked skirt like Pemona and no bared skin like Amita. Taffy wears the delicate Cameo choker around her throat, and a pair of yellow crochet knitted tea gloves covers her hands, and a pair of yellow dangling dagger-type earrings on her lobes which is under the yellow tea topper with red, green, and blue vertical strips.
“Yeah, honey bell…,” Baycliff nods his pith helmet over his skull paired with the machinist goggles over his blue eyes, wearing the silk white long sleeved shirt, yellow wool vest over the shirt with a Navy long tie, and black trousers tucked into his black and yellow cowboy boots as he softly words in baritone trombone.
“Don’t I look sexy!?” Amita neck snaps her skull at Baycliff, posing like a diva.
Baycliff hugs closetly her body as he lightly pecks her cheek not wanting to wet the bite-nats paint as he whispers like a set of butterfly wings into her face. “This isn’t the time or the place for this delicate discussion, Amita.” She violently fidgets then swiftly moves away from him towards the nearest exhibition of Cavers.
Tulu sports a mint green frilly blouse with a high collar as she displays a white Cameo around her protected throat along with two sets of black buckle belts around her tiny waist paired with an ankle-length red fishtail skirt that hikes to her knee, showing a little bit of red and white vertical silk stockings tucked into her black leather laced tied boots with a green and red heart designed mini-tea topper hat on the right side of her face without any veil so she can kiss and see McCamy. She swings the white and red roses-designed parasol in her left hand with holding McCamy hand with her right as she giggles and smile happily.
“Hey, let’s scout the competition.” Wolf proposes, sliding down the wide aisle towards one of the posted Showcases, wearing the Navy spat vest over his chest with a cotton white ascot around his throat, green goggles outlined with the color of gold around his eye sockets and a brown flapped pilot cap over his skull with his white pants tucked into black leather hiking boots.
Baycliff eye balls all the un-familiar faces and pale skin tones walking around the old broken down hotel lobby where the Showcase exhibitions are being displayed along with a wall of food tables for refreshment. “Naw. Let’s eat all the food, instead.” He proposes with a better idea, sniggering with his ultimate plan for additional added strength to his muscles for the finale of beatin’ and bleedin’ Hico and Hico’s men as he shifts his body in the opposite direction from Wolf, scooting with eyeballs the different tables for any tasty refreshments.
Rusk wears a yellow newsboy cap over the crown of his skull with a pair of thick red mad scientist goggles over his eyeballs with no neck tie around his throat and a brown jacket over trousers tucked into rich brown alligator cowboy boots on his feet, stepping forward and grabbing the wandering teen by his bicep, swinging Baycliff in his direction, ordering. “Naw. Let’s scout and eat, so we’s look normal…like the rest of the contestants….(finger points at the other teens.)…acting normal.”
“Not normal having them…snot-holes on our…” Baycliff confesses, spitting mouth salvia onto the floor in angry at the outsiders occupying his home of South Beach.
“Shut it, Tee.” Rusk commands as he growls like a wounded animal into Baycliff’s nostrils, covering their ‘real’ names and ‘real’ body disguise into the Showcase competition to free their kin and fry Hico into turtle stew.
Baycliff smiles and blows sweet breathe into Rusk’s handsome face and updates. “Pee…I’m Pee, pee brain.” He corrects with his pretend, pretend name for the stupid Showcase competition then chuckles loudly.
Taffy lightly giggles then leans her skull towards Baycliff’s eardrums, popping his bicep with her bright red parasol, whispering. “Shut it, Baycliff.”
Baycliff neck snaps his skull to Taffy and orders with a deep smile while chuckling. “Made me, precious?” Baycliff likes to challenge fun-loving Taffy as he swiftly de-masks his goggles then raises both his eyebrows, funny as he flirtatiously winks at Taffy. Amita viciously storms forward and plants her upright bare shoulders between the two teens, hissing like a garden snake and staring studiously at Taffy as Taffy grins with a another tiny victory.
Tulu shuffles away from over protective McCamy dressed in the black top hat with the white collar shirt with the black slim neck tie above his “V” shaped black vest over his rippled muscles which decorates with black knee length wool coat, slender wool pants, palm gloves, leather belt all in black except for the silver bucket of bucking horses.
Tulu stands at the pretty peach and blue tablecloth displaying numerous smell good desserts scattering around on many different colored China plates as she closely examines the nearest plate of sugar cookies, lifting one in the air then biting into the single cookie, chewing.
Baycliff waddles over beside Tulu, grabbing a cookie from the same plate then turkey gobbles, vigorously chews, and quickly swallows his first bite as he curls his left side of his pink lip, ugly then insults in a loud baritone trombone. “Mama can’t bake.”
“I know. She never could bake sugar cookies…” Tulu talks in alto flute, examining the bitten cookie then she bursts into a flood of wet tears and tiny sobs as her glittering water rolls downs and evaporates her bite-nats painted pink cheekbones. McCamy gallops in for the rescue to her side, pulling and hiding Tulu tenderly into his chest, slicing eyeballs left then right for any of Hico’s spies.
Baycliff interestingly watches Tulu sobbing into McCamy’s wrapped biceps as Taffy races to the table, standing on his right. Taffy scans the different plates of assorted desserts and precisely selects with her slender finger pads a cookie from the same dessert plate chosen by Tulu and Baycliff. Taffy quickly bites into the dull yellowish cooked paste and tastes the disgusting half gooey and half hard overcooked dessert as Rusk parks the other side of Baycliff, reaching for the same plate of cookies and grabs one, popping it into his mouth then wrinkles his nostrils from the awful taste as he nods his skull with confirmation to Taffy.
“Mama can’t…” Baycliff empties incompletely his insulting repeating sentence as Taffy powerfully yanks his right forearm into her body then she expertly spins and body slams Baycliff’s back muscles into a small vacant spot between the food tables.
Then, Taffy unsuccessfully decapitates his throat muscles from his stupid skull by snapping her red parasol forcefully against his windpipe as Baycliff nosily grunts in both pain and embarrassment. Taffy dangerously whispers in an un-natural bass clarinet. “The sugar cookies are baked by my Mama, Baycliff. Tulu has recognized the unique design of the red letter ‘T’ on top of the white paste. And yeah…Mama can’t bake cookies since her specialties are baking pecan pies and pumpkin breads. So, hush your mouth, boy!” Baycliff slices his eyeballs to the plate of cookies, noting the red ‘T’ for Tourann’s daughters named Tulu and Taffy then returns his baby blues back to sneering Taffy.
“Mama’s here.” Tulu words between the sobs of wet tears and running snot into McCamy’s chest as he squeezes her for comfort and security.
“No, muffin!” He shakes his skull side to side, whispering into her left eardrum. “Remember, your Daddy said that they’re hidden well somewhere along the cliffs by Hico.” McCamy cautions with his words since he doesn’t know where the females of South Beach are staying but he’ll find them after the non-fight and surrendering of Dictator Hico with a set of barrels pointing at his eyeballs.
“We search for Mama. She’s here. Mama’s here at the hotel.” Tulu requests with eagerness, struggling into his biceps.
“No, muffin. We have a diff mission remember to help all the teens fight against Riders and Hico.” McCamy vetoes as he cuddles her into his chest while Tulu nods her skull in silence acknowledgement.
“Sorry…” Baycliff words softly into Taffy’s face.
Taffy entails. “Apologize accepted…now…” She sweetly smiles and drops the parasol to her kneecap, ordering. “Be a good old boy until it’s time to unleash your nasty snot-hole behavior and penned up smart-hole testosterone on them Riders…we fight for our land and our lore.”
Baycliff nods his skull slightly with the silence acknowledgement as one of the many outfitted armed shotgun toting guards of Hico with a painted bite-nats mask of an insect decorates in the face of a Bumblebee struts manly towards the young couple then gets up-close and personally by standing perpendicular to the vertical bodies of Taffy and Baycliff.
Bumblebee booms in his baritone French horn timbre, eye balling more pretty Taffy then pale-faced Baycliff, surveying her conservative Victorian bite-nats clothes. “Is there a problem, here, Rider?”
Baycliff quickly clears the dangerous situation as he nods his skull at Bumblebee then his IQ thinks really swiftly as he talks. “Naw. Honey bell and I gots a slight disagreement but we solved it….ssssir.” He hisses like a snake, pondering the time when he can take out both, the bite-nats of bees and birds along with these annoying Riders just like a striking deadly diamond-back rattlesnake this evening in the upcoming bloody battle with fists and feet. Baycliff smiles with a set of pearly white teeth.
Bumblebee cuts his black spots around his brown pupils from Baycliff then eye burns directly to Taffy, inquiring with a surly demeanor. “Want me to beat his bee_hind for ya, sweetie?”
Taffy feels with her heart as she talks with a deep passion alto clarinet from her brain, staring into Baycliff’s machinist baby blues. “Naw. I likes his bee_hind.” Then, she giggles lightly winking flirtatiously with her right eyelash at Baycliff as he smiles with another set of a pearly white toothies as he unexpectedly pulls Taffy into his bicep embrace for both show and protection from Bumblebee.
Bumblebee exhales deeply as he eye burns Baycliff, instructing. “Kiss him! Show me…you be real…or I’ll really beat the beast….black and blue.” Bumblebee threats with a deadly stinger as he parts the black lips with some missing front teeth, while slapping the small club between his open finger pads.
Baycliff quickly drops his jaw as he smacks his eyelids upright then cuts his eyeballs directly to Amita as she stands between Rusk and Pemona while Rusk swiftly grabs Amita’s forearm, indicating for her not to move or talk during this dangerous situation. Baycliff shifts his eyeballs directly to Taffy as she parts lips widely and eyelashes smashing upright wondering what to do about the vocal request.
Baycliff curves his lip into a left smirk then swiftly yanks Taffy into his chest with his eyelids open, not wanting to miss her soft red lips, plowing his mouth and tongue into the sliver of space between her parted lips as he lightly moans with fun, satisfaction, and victory over Bumblebee.
“Go, cowboy!” McCamy cheers and claps along with the other teens then he shares a quick peck of a sweet tasty kiss with Tulu as they surface and giggle silly like two love birds.
“Taffy pudding…” Tulu yells for fun and giggles at her big sister kissing on Amita’s beau as McCamy tucks her into his chest and they both watch the hot teen action.
“Redneck Romano…do it to it!” Rusk funs for funning then laughs as he strikes his fist into the air waves sporting a good ole time before the rough stuff begins with the real enemy, Director Hico.
Amita calls at the tip of her tongue. “Ba…” Pemona swiftly clips Amita’s bicep with her sharp pointy elbow as Amita adjusts her vocal mistake, not remembering Baycliff silly call sign from last night then hums. “Bee…” She puffs musically then she talks meekly down to a set of butterfly whispers. “Bee, we need to go back…to…our…Showcase.”
Taffy enjoys the moment, remembering their fun times before Amita was found inside that dank dark Silo and pulled back into the bright yellow Earth, playing with Baycliff like they did before breakfast, school, and in-between chores on the farm. Taffy wraps her fish-net gloves around his neck caressing his softy curls with her finger tips as she battles with his tongue for supremacy of her tonsils then Baycliff jerks his skull from her face, watching Bumblebee pivot and turn away from the South Beach teens then he uses the back of his glove to wipe the lip spit as he smiles goofy at Taffy.
Amita charges like a rhino, jerking goofy Baycliff from the wall, pivoting towards the next Showcase as Rusk, McCamy, and Wolf roar with Alpha dog laughter.
Rusk gallops beside Baycliff escorting Amita down the semi-crowded corridor and peacefully offers. “Good save, bro!” They high-five slaps over their heads then they lower their hands and fist-bump each other even with their belts as they chuckle as Amita hisses like a snake.
Taffy walks beside Tulu as Tulu hides inside McCamy’s jacket, encouraging with positive feelings and words. “We know Mama’s alive, Tulu. Well, maybe, she’s doing slave labor, cooking for Hico’s heathens but she’s doing what she loves best, feeding people and humming her patriotic songs she like in the kitchen, right, warty she-toad?” Tulu nods her skull in silence at the acknowledgement as Taffy besides Pemona, following behind Baycliff and Amita.
Rusk announces. “Follow us to bite-nats Fantasyland.” Rusk and Pemona chuckle as they hold and swing hands together like love birds with Pemona wears the electric blue leather tight tiny hour glass corset from hips to breasts and rag-tag mesh-mash bright fire engine red satin fishtail skirt, hiking and tying at her right thigh in front, pretties red and white thinly stripped silk stockings on long legs from foot to kneecap with a tiny black bow on right side with ankle red and blue leather laced boots. She curves the red short jacket barely around her tanned shoulders, displaying a white Cameo golden chained necklace with hanging tiny yellow daggers from her ear lobes and the blue tea topper with red flower centers the middle of her skull and her hair folds into a tight brown bun as she swings the painted electric blue and yellow peacock parasol with her fingerless red gloves.
Pemona leans into Taffy’s private space, whispering into the eardrum. “You were right about…not selecting a Cowboys, Indians, Dinosaurs, Circus, or Musical Showcase theme. They didn’t especially look quite as impressive as our spectacular Victorian Showcase. You and Mama are both smart girls, Taffy. I hope we all can be friends and share family events together…” She winks with friendship and slaps with a ladylike tap on Taffy’s bicep being a sweet Southern Belle like Tulu, not a rough Southern cowgirl like Taffy then Amita giggles girly as she leans her back into Rusk’s muscular chest, smiling with ease as Rusk wraps steel biceps around her waist as they walk slowly passed the dancing performers.
Taffy eye burns the floor then returns back her eyeballs to Pemona as she leans into Pemona’s face with extra time before Showcase to tattle some truthful facts that Pemona needs to hear before she notes her parents and little sister are missing from the competition fight, tonight and asks. “Can I speak with you in private, Pemona? I have some….” Wolf plows his body between Taffy and Pemona breaking them apart as he struts toward the next Showcase.
Wolf cries then stops in boots and rudely finger points at the next interesting Showcase display. “Cro-Magnon.”
Baycliff and Amita stand beside Wolf as Baycliff names. “Troglodytes dwelling.”
“Wild men of ancient Earth.” Rusk eggs on, while smiling, and purring his voice into Pemona’s eardrum as she wiggles inside his biceps for pleasure as he tickles her rib cage for fun, enjoying the silly action inside the Showcase.
“Hey, cave men with fire engine red hair from eyebrows to toe arches, wearing spotted brown and black leopard skins with them white fake bone weapons.” Wolf laughs with a hardy tone along with the teens, commenting and clapping at the display. “Great exhibition with cave entrance covered real grass bushes. I thought we couldn’t use any real materials but the bite-nats.” He views Rusk as Rusk shakes his skull sideways without a reply then Wolf whips his skull back to the display and adds. “They did a good job with their cave women and cave babies, too and see…Dino the baby dinosaur and the purring Saber-toothed baby tiger in the corner watching over the fire and food. Grrrr!”
Rusk corrects. “They have made a historical mistake in their mural pic. Dinosaurs became extinct at the end of the Cretaceous period, 65 million years before the emergence of cave men and women.”
“Thanks, historian fool….bot.” Wolf insults in good humor still clapping at the entertaining presentation.
“Ya think the dummies can talk?” Baycliff silently signals using geometric shapes with his loose finger pads at Riders who are painted in bite-nats as ‘cavemen’ then manly struts closer their bite-nats campus as he leaves the ropes and red carpet, waving like a silly clown. The Cave people accurately toss numerous real small tree sticks and real black pebbles at Baycliff, hitting perfectly into his leather vest. Rusk, Pemona, Taffy, Tulu, McCamy, and Wolf roar with laughter as Baycliff charges towards the wall mount which seals off the exhibition from the crowds in his battle cry with a booming baritone trombone. “Snot-holes…ya like to play Dodge Ball. Hey, Red Rover…I’m coming over…to beat your bee_hinds black and blue…matching ya freaking red hair. Ya stupid sons of a gun….” McCamy and Wolf launch like an ancient space shuttle horizontally from the carpet, quickly jerking with their steel biceps around Baycliff’s air pumping fists and draw him back into the teen huddle safely.
McCamy orders commandingly while whispering into Baycliff’s eardrum. “No attention, man. Folks are staring at ya.”
Baycliff sneers with loud grunt and finger points at Riders invading their land. “Watching them fools dance like dead African monkeys, ya mean...”
Amita slides to Baycliff’s side and comments in a miffed tone as McCamy releases his friend. “You’re embarrassing me…Ba…Bee. Stay posed and quiet like a civilized citizen, not redneck hick.” Then, she taps her leather shoes quickly ahead of the silly boy.
“Honey bell…” Baycliff whines like he stepped his bite-nats cowboy boots in cow shit , while skipping besides her trying to hold her tight fisted hand with the parasol.
The teens shove to the next exhibition while Wolf narrates and comments and complains in one sentence. “Ancient Egypt, how many times do folks duplicate ancient Egypt with the Great Sphinx and the boring do nothin’ but now gone…Pyramids of Giza. Ya know, them things were built by aliens from outer space, not even the Egyptian smarty pants priests. And of course, last but not in the least there stands the beautiful Queen Cleopatra on her throne wearing them dumb dead snakes over her skull….(narrows his eyelids)…are them things moving?”
Rusk educates as they glide pass the floor. “Cleopatra per the Earth History book was an ugly gal with a hook nose, beady eyeballs, thin lips, and sharp jaw. Only her brain cells were pretty with the knowledge of Science, Mathematics, Greek, Latin, Hebrew and…”
“Men.” Wolf adds to the list.
Rusk enlightens, shaking his skull sideways. “Naw. She was shy and learned her trade from local prostitutes before seducing mighty Caesar in her palace.”
McCamy pauses with Tulu turning to view the exposed girls as he smiles, finger points and elbow plays with Wolf drooling next to him as he comments. “Then, them babes must be her teacher prostitutes in see-through gowns. They’re hot.” Tulu swiftly squeezes her index finger nail and thumb nail onto McCamy soft cheekbone as he eyeballs the semi-naked girls and then pinches the hot snot of his skin as McCamy yelps in a tiny sound. “Ouch!” He neck snaps his skull to see a furious Tulu with twisted lips, ugly and a wrinkled forehead, uglier as his eyelids smack upright in shock.
Tulu calmly inquires as she eye burns him with fists parked on her hips. “Who’s the babe, McCamy?”
McCamy two-steps and surrounds Tulu with his biceps then greatly compliments. “You are muffin…only you. I promise. No one else is my muffin but…you muffin.” Then, he kisses her cheekbone as she grins and giggles girly while Tulu winks at Taffy then Taffy giggles.
Wolf stands on his tippy toes and uses the universal hand gesture with his index finger in his eardrum and pink finger in his mouth and hollers rudely as he chuckles. “Hey, Cleo, babe. Call me! We do lunch…. (finger points at her breasts then his chest)…you and me.”
Rusk eases into Wolf’s eardrum and proposes elegantly. “Ya know, Wolf-man. That babe could be a boy…covered in white bite-nats over his two chests…and his skirt.” Teen laughter soars towards the ceiling as Wolf loses his green mad scientist goggles swiftly.
Rusk quickly reprimands and guards Wolf’s exposed face to any by-passing guests. “Think object: goggles.” Wolf mentally performs the think object: goggles as the teens laugh hardy as Rusk slaps his back muscles and instructs. “Moving on, bro.”
Baycliff hollers as he stands parallel to the exhibition, raising his arms in victory towards the Heaven. “Yee-haw, that’s us.”
Rusk slaps his back muscles…hard as he whispers loudly into Baycliff’s left eardrum. “Shut it, Baycliff.” He winks friendly at McCamy calling. “That boy’s more trouble than worth…we should let him fight with the Riders.” Wolf, McCamy, Tulu, and Taffy line in pairs beside Rusk and Pemona and chuckle at the true saying as they observe the action behind the mount wall since the wall serves to keep visitors out of the Showcase exhibition arena.
“Nothing but a lot of gathered cow hands in the green and yellow weeds. Our exhibition’s better than this.” Tulu comments with a casual tone.
“Pretty good imitation….them boys and girls gots blue jeans, close-fitting multi-colored patterned shirts, ten-gallon hats that Rusk likes a lot…along with leather chaps, gloves, and sliver spars.”
“Are them steeds… real…from the farm?” Wolf inquires.
Rusk shakes his skull side to side as he remarks studying. “Naw. Some bodies get jack-holed into acting as jackasses there.” He laughs along with the other South Beach teens as they scoot down the floor to the next exhibition.
Baycliff’s voice carries across the concrete floor in loud baritone trombone as he finger points at the solid black color coating from the high ceiling to the lowest baseboard of the entire floor, cursing. “What in the f…”
Amita slaps his chest before he calls attention to the illegal Bandits who have successful invaded the Showcase hallway and have entered their own showcase exhibition. At the moment, they seek and search for food and scout the other competition for the first place position to battle their own Bandits in the first ever Huntress Game.
The marked off room with three walls display in the color midnight black from ceiling to floor including the bare floor towards the mount gate as the South Beach teens one by one stand at the gate observing only blackness.
Visitors slip their faces between the teens and note nothing in the empty slot then scoot down to the Circus Exhibition with silly clowns, jumping lions, and flying acrobats.
“The slot’s empty. Move along!” Wolf complains as he swings his body to peek at the next exhibition.
“Naw. There’s movement…(finger points at the black wall)…see in the middle of the wall. A round circle.” Rusk announces wildly as Wolf flips his skull back to the darkness.
A single circle of white slowly opens on the right side then a second circle of white slowly opens parallel to the first one on the left side within the black wall.
“See there. There’s something.” Rusk repeats with mystery.
“What’s it?” Baycliff tilts his skull to right then left trying to figure out the two circles within the blackness.
Eyeballs of the teens jerk down about three feet from the formed two circles of white as four tiny holes in the black wall fan about half inch apart with a single white round figure to side as the formation takes shape on the right and the left sides between the above two circles of white much like a nighttime heavenly star.
“What star pattern’s that? Big Dipper?” Baycliff neck snaps his skull next to Rusk as Rusk twists his lips, ugly studying the weird geometric design then scratches his blonde hair under the page boy cap.
“Naw. Don’t think so. Big Dipper looks upside down like Mama’s sauce pan she used for cooking her red chili beans.” Rusk explains.
“Starfish…might be the stars of Aquarius from the Heavens. He’s a fish man. Move along!” Wolf orders.
“Pisces is them fishes, not starfish. That has five points like a fanned hand of poker cards.” Rusk observes as he studies intensively the odd design etched into the black wall.
“Ya know, Rusk. I beat ya in our nightly poker game a couple of weeks ago. You own me two bull calves.” Baycliff holds two finger pads into the air as he demands payment.
“Bull calf…ya betted one of Daddy’s baby bulls, Rusk? Daddy’s going to blow a gasket…at you after our rescue mission’s completed and Hico and his jack-holes are gone.” McCamy remarks as he laughs at the upcoming scene of Rusk explaining the missing bull calf to their Daddy.
“Two?” Baycliff clarifies and hold two finger pads in the air as he grins behind the goggles at Rusk while McCamy shakes his top hat side to side with a negative response.
“Never mind, bros. Slide down to the next room.” Wolf calls as he stands between Rusk and McCamy who do not move but observe the circles within the blackness.
“Can’t figure it out!” Rusk mumbles under his breathe as he studies the strange art work.
A single round figure appears two inches below the twin side by side circles as an almond-shaped hole that forms below the single white circle.
On the right side of the first set of white circles, there appears a second set of exactly measured white circles occupying the left space of the black wall that echoes with twin circles on the first line then a single hole between the twin circles on the second line and an almond-shaped form on the third line below the single hole of the second line. And three feet down under the circles are the exact starfish-like twin shapes with four fanning circles and a side hole measuring five holes.
In the first figure, two perfectly rounded holes appear fourteen inches below the almond-shaped hole, while in the second figure there aren’t shown any holes fourteen inches from the almond-shaped hole but way down below the fanned five circles almost even with the circles there is a big single white round formation.
“What the heck is this?” Rusk ponders as his mind bangs with the solution then Baycliff roars with obnoxious laughter as he doubles at the waistline, holding his stomach in pain then he pants heavy, breathes sweet oxygen then barks with laughter for a second time as he eye burns the white circles against the black wall.
Wolf skips over to Baycliff as he covers Baycliff’s shoulders with both hands, inquiring. “Ya hurt, bro?”
“It’s….” Baycliff starts but doesn’t finish as he roars with jungle king cat laughter, folding at his waist with his face parallel to the floor like he’s going to puke green vomit from a sickness.
Rusk frowns with twisted lips, ugly as he comments at the weird design while hugging the shoulders of Pemona as she watches in silence the new circles form against the wall. “Strangest dang star pattern I’ve ever seen. I can’t figure it out!”
“It’s…” Baycliff starts again then bursts with laughter as he uprights and shifts towards McCamy.
“What’s it, boy?” McCamy cuddles Tulu as he intrigues with Baycliff’s odd behavior.
Baycliff grins silly as he limps into McCamy’s face and whispers softly like a set of butterfly wings as McCamy drops his jaw then swings his skull and eyeballs to study the geometric figure embedded among the blackness with Baycliff’s solution then McCamy chuckles heavy as he cuddles Tulu to his chest, protectively.
“What did Baycliff tell ya?” Tulu inquires into McCamy’s face as McCamy chuckles and winks at her, whispering into her face as Tulu giggles girly and re-views the wall.
Baycliff slides next to Wolf, and whispers into his face as Wolf howls with laughter. Wolf moves closer to the mount wall for a better view as six more figures have formed with the tiny circles. Baycliff whispers into Rusk’s eardrum as Rusk drops his jaw line then chuckles then Rusk whispers the solution into Pemona’s eardrum as she giggles and turns bright strawberry red in the face even with the pale bite-nats paint.
Baycliff glides to Taffy, talking into her face quietly as he chuckles between laughs then he finger points back at the wall. Amita jerks on his bicep towards her position as Taffy giggles while flipping her skull to the wall, verifying Baycliff’s solution.
Baycliff huddles Amita into his chest for both love and protection as she demands with a snobby attitude. “What is so funny? You’re embarrassing me for a second time, Bee. And what is that thing on the wall and why is it funny? I do not see anything but circles.”
Baycliff whispers softly into her face, not wanting the other folks to learn of his discovery. “Ya see, honey bell…the first set of two circles on the first line are eyeballs. That’s a person painted in black bite-nats against the black wall. The girl has opened her eyeballs which is the white circles. The second line is the tip of her nose. So, the third line is her lips as she parts them forming the almond shaped figure. Do ya understand?” Baycliff finger points at the wall as Amita narrows her eyelashes studying his words then he continues. “Now…beside the girl is a guy who has opened his eye sockets and presses the tip of his nose against the paint along with his almond-shaped mouth. Do ya see, honey bell?” She nods her skull at the affirmation as he continues. “The fanned circles below the head are the tips of the finger pads. See there are five on each side of the body kinda physical virtually below each waistline.” He chuckles loudly.
Amita wrinkles her forehead as she inquires while staring at the graphic person against the black wall. “How do you know that’s the girl is on the right side?”
Baycliff smiles with a silly grin and chuckles then answers. “See the twin circles below her almond-shaped mouth that’s about twelve inches from her mouth. What’s about twelve inches from your mouth?”
Amita drops her chip to the floor as her eyeballs examine her blouse, chest then her breasts. “Shame on you! You…are not a gentleman…ever.”
“Naw. I’m a cowboy!” Baycliff hollers as Rusk and McCamy hoot with tongues, stomps their boots and clap their hands for fun as Taffy and Tulu giggle with the recognition.
Baycliff continues. “Ya get it, now! The twin circles are the breast nips of the girl on the right while the single big round tip of the boy is his…”
“Enough.” Amita screams while Baycliff, Rusk, McCamy, Wolf, Tulu, and Taffy roar with laughter as she huffs and puffs musically at the silly teens then she yells at Baycliff. “You’re a twat!” Then, she pirouettes to the left away from Baycliff and stumbles over her long skirt, flinging into the tall male then bouncing off the small child and finally landing in the open arms of Director Hico as she looses her half-mask.
Hico catches the falling girl as she uprights into his gathered arms while he studies her face then offers. “Are you injured, miss…?” Amita starts into his brown eyeballs as she grunts like a wounded animal, stunned at meeting Director Hico in the middle of the floor as Hico inquires with a sweet smile. “Do you require assistance, miss…”
“Honey bell…,” Baycliff gallops towards Amita, parking behind her as he wraps biceps around her shoulders while he gently jerks her from Hico’s gripe and cuddles her into his chest. “Are you okay?”
“Lady Rider, are you hurt?” Hico inquires as his eyeballs slices between Amita and Baycliff expecting an answer.
Amita talks softly. “I am fine. Thanks for asking, Director Hico.” Hico nods his skull in silent acknowledgement as Vovina appears and whispers into his face then she quickly studies Amita with an intense set of eyeballs as she flips her skull back to the Hico with more secret words as he nods his skull in affirmation.
Hico addresses passionately to Amita. “You should attend your exhibition since the competition is about to begin, Lady Rider.”
“Yes, sir.” Amita answers promptly as Baycliff and her swing their bodies around and walk towards the huddled teens of South Beach as they rush to their Victorian exhibition for the start of the competition.
The five riflemen fling two rounds of live bullets into the falling plaster of ceiling near the exit door for attention as Director Hico stands in front of the gunmen for his presentation. Nervous folks scream, duck, and roll their skulls and bodies onto the floor, or against the wall away from the noise, bullets, and falling ceiling over their skulls.
Hico chuckles, using the old-style hand-held audio microphone while his face appears on the TV monitor on the wall located on the opposite side of the Showcase as he announces in a loud tenor over the speaker. “Surprise, people!” He pauses as he chuckles then begins. “Welcome to Showcase… (applause)…tonight, we select the winning team to fight with the big bad Bandits of South Beach… (hoots)…may I re-introduction my associates, Vovina and Kodare…(applause)….our Showcase displays are represented on the right side of the hallway as our guests tonight please pick a seat anyway on the left side of the corridor as we examine and decide each independent display for the winner of Showcase to complete our evening’s competition. Keep in mind, the winner of tonight will fight against the winning Showcase team of tomorrow’s competition. Let’s rock and roll!” Applause echoes inside the old hotel lobby.
Vovina, Hico, and Kodare truck down the floor as they stop at the first Showcase while they scribble data onto the white paper notepad with old fashioned ink pens, huddling as they whisper in secret once satisfied with their decision they scoot to the next Showcase.
Red ponytailed five feet and eight inches of tanned and young-looking Vovina flashes her electric blue manicured bite-nats painted finger nails in the air at the Victorian Showcase as Taffy and the other teens hold their still poses inside the chrome and glass crystal castle.
The teens have painted thick columns of vertical, horizontally and diagonal silver and white bite-nats forming a gigantic maze of shimmery ice icicles which imitates the real Crystal Palace displayed in the 1840’s World’s Fair as each teen touches a column of the bite-nats forming one of the many columns.
Somber McCamy stands on the extreme left side, leaning his back muscles against the column while grinning Tulu leans into his chest holding her parasol in one hand and decorates her right arm with the smaller silver prosthesis designed by Pemona’s Daddy. His left arm wraps around Tulu’s waist for both love and protection as he displays the metal prosthesis weapon folded around his right fighting arm in gleaming golden brass lounging on a stem of the protruded column for easy threat.
Stoic Rusk rests his left arm against the column on the extreme right side as he props his metal prosthesis arm upright on a small outlay within the column for a threatening deadly show while Pemona huddles her body inside his left shoulder for comfort as she tilts the parasol on her shoulder and cups the silver prosthesis across her waist and smiles, prettily.
Baycliff and Amita sit together on silver fake fur loveseat as he wraps his left arm around her shoulders as she tucks her skull into his neck, refusing to wear her metal prosthesis while Baycliff holds the metal golden brass prosthesis over his head like a smart-hole and sneers, ugly.
Wolf parks beside Baycliff, squatting on kneecaps as he displays a flash blade in his right hand the metal brass prosthesis on his left fighting arm, smiling with victory.
Taffy sits in the middle of the structure as her elbows touch the bite-nats forming the chrome and crystal columns as the open parasol leans against her left shoulder as she displays the smaller silver prosthesis on her right fighting arm holding the hilt of the parasol with both hands and smirking with their secret.
Hico stops beside Kodare as Kodare grunts like a wounded animal as he whispers to Hico. “Well, I’m very much impressed with this group of teens compared to the rest of the Showcases. They’re most definitely ready and able to fight with their arm weapons. What are those called?”
Hico lectures as he studies the Showcase. “Prosthesis…fake metal used to stimulate arm movements when battle soldiers were injured or lost a limb during Wartime.”
Kodare boasts and brags, finger points and smiles all the same time at the Victorian Showcase. “The bite-nats creation of these deadly weapons are the most original and definitely most useful in a TV fight for tonight…along with the physical top medical conditions of all the females. We decided the team should be half male and half female. They’re my Riders…pale skin and all. I pick them.”
Vovina twists her orange lips, ugly then agrees. “They’re impressive, Kodare. Why aren’t they painted brown like you? I don’t see tanned biceps this time only pale faces.” She giggles.
Hico inquires as he neck snaps his skull to her. “Victorian…a very sophisticated and unique creation, don’t you think, Vovina?”
“The time period is ancient but does have interesting signs of elegance, prosperity…and…” Vovina dumps.
“Peace time.” Hico completes.
“You sound unconvinced, Hico?” Kodare asks.
“Which Showcase do you favor, sugar plum?” Hico neck snaps his skull at Vovina as she pouts her lip, cute-like and rubs on Hico’s forearm.
Vovina proclaims with excitement. “I like the circus. I want to see the lions eat the Bandits with blood and guts.”
Kodare huffs musically and lectures foreverly. “You’re really dumb about bite-nats, Vovina. The lions are only still figures of non-moving teens just like the horses in the Cowboy theme. They can’t really attack and eat people, Vovina. I like these teens. They’re my Riders that came here to fight, kill and win…look at the weapons…”
“You’re really dumb about bite-nats, Kodare. The weapons aren’t real.” Vovina snaps as she giggles with silliness.
“As real as my fist…I think we should go a round or two Vovina before the competition. Want to entertain the crowds…first?” Kodare holds his single fist in the air as he threats her.
“Fine by me…,” Vovina slaps her finger pads at Kodare’s shoulder.
Hico explains. “I like this Showcase best, children. However, I have noted that they are disqualified.”
“Disqualified? They’re highly qualified…see the weapons.” Kodare shakes his skull and his finger pads at the Showcase.
“Stop with the weapons, Kodare.” Vovina orders as she sneers.
“I have noted and you can concur that there are eight team members. We specifically requested only six people that make up a team and only six people are allowed to display in the Showcase event. I am sorry to you, Kodare that they did not obey that rule.” Hico updates and smiles at Kodare.
“Six members.” Kodare neck snaps his skull and silently counts the team members inside the Victorian Showcase. “Wait, Hico. Let’s ask them to drop two of their teens. Ya know, Riders are kinda dumb. They can’t count to four without help from…me.” He chuckles.
Hico inquires. “What’s your opinion, Vovina?”
“I want the circus and the lions since the Showcase broke the rules.” Vovina neck snaps her skull at the circus teens.
Hico leans against the wall as he motions with his hand at Taffy as Taffy tilts her skull to Wolf. It has been decided among the teens that Wolf would speak for the group since he’s the real Riders. Wolf stands and scoots towards Hico as Hico explains. “Good evening, Rider.” Wolf nods his skull in silence while listening to Hico as Hico continues. “Rider, you have violated the rules by displaying eight teens in your Showcase. The rule clearly states that only six people are allowed on the team and in the Showcase.”
“You’re too slow, Hico. Rider, get rid of two teens, son or…you’re disqualified?” Kodare barks the command as Wolf nods his skull in agreement then Wolf pivots towards the huddle of McCamy, Taffy, Baycliff and Rusk as the girls hold their position and the formation of the Crystal Palace in place for the visual conception of the Victorian Showcase.
Wolf injects swiftly. “We can only have six teens in Showcase, not eight.”
Taffy talks. “Six. Right? I forget there’s only six on a team. Okay? Who doesn’t…?”
“Tulu, does not fight. Period.” McCamy dictates as the teens nod their skulls in agreement.
“And Amita. She’s too weak to help our cause. She and Tulu can cheerlead.” Baycliff jokes as he chuckles.
“We don’t fight, remember. This is totally a show for us…remember?” Taffy reminds as the teens bob their skulls. “Wolf, inform Dictator Hico we have conformed to his stupid rules but don’t use those words.” She giggles while the boys chuckle like a bunch of silly circus clowns.
Wolf bounces back to Hico and announces. “We pulled two members off the team. Now, we gots six.”
“The girls? Not a good choice. Another rule is that the team is half girls and half boys. You have four boys and two girls. You will be disqualified...” Hico observes as he reprimands.
“Hico, Riders are a little stupid.” He neck snaps his skull at Wolf. “Listen to me, Rider. Place one…(holds one finger pad in the air on his right hand)…girl on the team and remove…(holds one finger pad in the air on his left hand)…boy on the team. Do. You. Understand?”
Wolf twists his lips, ugly as he comments with a nasty baritone. “Yeah, I…got it, Kodare. Three girls. Three guys.” He pivots towards the huddle then flips his skull at Hico. “I’ll be back…” then swings his skull towards the teens as he huffs musically. “…to beat your butt…” Then, he chuckles with the metal picture as Wolf gallops to the huddle for a second time and explains. “Three girls on the team.”
“Dang it!” Rusk eye burns McCamy then flips his skull to Baycliff.
“Tulu.” Baycliff names without hesitation.
“Naw.” McCamy spits, hotly.
“Tulu!” Baycliff repeats, twice.
“Noooo…,” McCamy spits with a set of longer vowels while shaking his skull side to side and drowns Tulu inside his black jacket.
“Tulu!” Baycliff repeats, thrice.
McCamy steps into Baycliff’s face as he threatens deadly. “I say no, snot-hole. Ya deaf, boy or do I need to box some holes in your earlobes.”
Baycliff bumps his shoulder against McCamy as he proclaims to protect his girl. “Amita can’t fight. She’s too weak from living under ground without fresh air and bright sunshine….”
Taffy presses her tall body between Baycliff and McCamy before a physical fight erupts and reminds gently as she touches McCamy’s collar bone. “McCamy, we do not fight, remember. We win Showcase. We fight against no body. Our Daddies are coming to clean up this mess.”
“Taffy pudding’s right. We aren’t fighting against teens. We’re rescuing everyone. Agreed. So, Tulu represents the third girl on the team before we blow this chance of victory.” Rusk pulls McCamy and Baycliff apart as he whispers into the huddle since Hico watches them then Rusk neck snaps his skull to Wolf and orders. “Tell Hico, we got three girls and three guys. And you’re off the team, Wolf. This ain’t your fight! You can watch our victory.” Wolf nods his skull in acceptance as he pivots towards Hico.
Taffy whispers into Rusk’s eardrum as McCamy and Baycliff returns to their mates. “Thanks for the support, Rusk.”
“You’re still the plan mistress. Let’s get this done so they be gone like the winter wind!” Rusk comments as he returns to the arms of Pemona and kisses her cheekbone, hugging her like love birds as Taffy stares with envy.
Wolf trots back to his position inside the huddle as Tulu, Amita, and Pemona join the teens, watching the trio of Hico, Vovina and Kodare stroll away from the Victorian Showcase then the teens move from their spots as the vertical columns drops into several thick piles of silver and white bite-nats as teens huddle together whispering.
Tulu mentally performs the think object: sneakers. She changes her leather boots into comfortable sneakers as she bounces on her toes with excitement of the announcement. “We won, didn’t we?” McCamy cuddles her into his chest as he stares at the trio without commenting.
“I hope so, Tulu.” Pemona encourages as she watches the elbows and hand movement interaction between Hico, Vovina, and Kodare while they park their bee_hinds in the middle of the hallway as their figures flip onto the gigantic TV screen.
“No.” Amita injects with duck lips. “We lost.” She neck snaps her skull to Baycliff. “So, we leave. We’re done, here. Let’s go home, pack our stuff and high tail it out of here Baycliff before Hico gets some smarts and figures out who we really are….”
“Have some faith…in us, Amita.” Taffy tosses as she neck snaps her skull to Amita and eye balls her hat since Amita huddles her body into Baycliff’s chest. “They watched us the longest and seemed impressed with our presentation.”
Amita tilts her mini-topper at Taffy and punts wildly. “Lucky for us, you don’t get us into deeper trouble, Taffy. We have eight teens, not the required six member team. You never listen to instructions, Taffy pudding.”
Baycliff injects with a soft voice into Amita’s eardrum. “We…didn’t know the instructions, Amita. We’re plotting and playing this by ear…”
“Lucky we are still alive with our non-leader Taffy pudding.” Amita stings as she stares at Taffy.
“Listen up! They’re ready to announce the Showcase winner.” Wolf finger points at the TV screen as Hico taps the microphone in his hands.
“We have reached a decision.” Hico begins then pauses for drama as he continues. “The first alternative Showcase is…” He suddenly stops, smiling into the TV cameras then continues. “We have selected an alternative in case the winner of Showcase can’t make the event.” Hico smiles into the camera lens.
Taffy cringes with worry as she eye burns Baycliff who cuddles Amita into his chest then Baycliff neck snaps his skull to Rusk as Rusk studies the TV screen. Tulu whispers softly into McCamy’s face as McCamy strokes her cheekbone then tenderly pecks her forehead and whispers some encouraging words back into her face.
“First alternative Showcase is Circus.” Vovina announces instead of Hico. The teens of the Showcase twirl, swirl and whirl in the air waves in celebration as the crowd applause, whistle and stomp feet.
“The winner of Showcase is…,” Hico dumps with a silly grin.
“Who, who, who…,” chants the audience.
“The who…is the Victorian exhibition. These teens will be competing within the hour against the vicious South Beach Bandits.” Hico voices into the microphone as he closes then leaps, kitten-like from the high chair landing on dress shoes as he plows down the hallway with Vovina and Kodare trailing towards the winners.
Taffy pushes Wolf towards the mount wall as Hico parks next to the white limestone which has been chiseled from the Birmingham Cliffs. Hico stands and stares Taffy as he smiles and motions with his hands, calling. “Winners, over here! You are the winners, Riders. Kodare mentioned that you can’t count to four. I hope you can understand that you win this competition and are going to fight tonight…within the hour. I must say that I observe ya’ll are not to be happy. The other teens are jumping and leaping into the air like bull frogs…”
Tulu educates as she frowns with twisted lips, funny while she stares at McCamy. “Bull frogs didn’t leap into the air but into water ponds.”
“Why did he mention specifically….bull frogs?” Baycliff asks McCamy as they walk side by side towards the wall.
McCamy inquires in the face of his twin. “What’da ya think, Rusk?”
“Be careful!” Rusk answers as he cuddles Pemona into his chest.
“Yes, come closer, teens! I don’t bite.” Hico offers peacefully as he motions with both hands towards the wall and watches the teens advance while Vovina appears on the right of Hico with a frown since her Showcase lost and Kodare rushes to the left of Hico clapping with the crowd for the teens of Riders.
“Excellent Showcase, Riders! You face the Bandits, tonight but I have specific instructions…” Kodare dumps as he tries to express his wise advice to the winning teens.
The riflemen stand behind Hico like body guards dressed in Navy blue uniforms representative of the Great Britain Royal guards in ancient Earth history with pale faces and tall black fuzzy hats of bite-nats paint carrying real rifles hiked against their shoulders.
Hico shakes the hand of Wolf, smiling then comments. “This is the first honor of winning the first Showcase. There should be vivid celebration including fireworks and balloons wouldn’t you agree, Wolf.” Wolf smacks his eyelids upright as his jaw drops open while Hico yells. “FIRE.”
Taffy warns. “DUCK!” McCamy covers his body over Tulu as they swiftly drop upon the floor while Rusk pulls Pemona into his chest while they slide into McCamy’s back muscles. Baycliff jerks swiftly Taffy into his muscular chest for protection since she stands in the direct line of bullet fire from the rifles then they fall painfully onto the concrete floor like a tree log.
Wolf stands upright like an Oak tree while holding steady onto Hico’s hand then he neck snaps his skull to Amita who stands right next to him while she stares from the sidelines at the teen action along with Vovina, Hico, and Kodare who pose silently at the mount wall beside and out of the way of danger.
The rifles fling from their shoulders with barrel tips aiming into the rafters when the firing bullets puncture the secret ceiling paneling as beige weaken plaster falls onto the floor exposing tons of fresh pond water descending upon the huddled teens, washing completely away the bite-nats paint then red linen sheets lightly drift from the ceiling tile land and cover on the wet teens.
Vovina screams. “Wet. Water. The ceiling dumped water on…me. What just happened? I’m wet. My dress is disappearing. Hico, what on Earth are you doing? You have ruined my dress and my Showcase…”
Kodare paces quickly from the advancing water fall between the wall and the riflemen as he observes the curious action enlightens and chuckles. “What do you see Vovina?”
Wet teens scramble around the floor, picking red linen sheets as they wrap the linen around their semi-naked bodies from the massive waterfall of fresh water which has washed away the bite-nats paint including their hats, dresses, jackets, pants, shoes, and fake weapons.
Baycliff stands first among the teens as he growls like a wounded animal, wrapping and tucking the linen sheet around his fit taunt waistline exposing his tanned and ripped muscular chest, eye burning Hico, sneering with hatred. “Second time…that I got watered. Next time, it’s going to be Hico that gets drenched with his blood from my fists.” He leans over and assists Taffy to stand on her naked feet as she adjusts her sheet over her breasts and legs.
Rusk flings the water from his body like a ocean whale, standing upon naked feet and wraps the sheet around his fit waist then flexes his biceps lifting Pemona in the air assisting her with more linen sheets to cover her wet hair as he eye burns Hico and growls with danger, tucking Pemona into his shoulder for love and protection.
McCamy wraps the linen sheet around his waist and legs exposing his tanned and ripped chest muscles as he covers Tulu with many sheets from her hair roots to pinky toes then lifts and cuddles Tulu with her glowing pink cheekbones showing between the sheets creaks into his wet muscular chest, snarling at Hico without any words.
The crowd chants. “Bandits. Bandits. Bandits….”
Kodare comments first. “Tanned skin. Their skin is tanned not pale.” He gallops to Wolf and splashes his cold beverage into Wolf’s face. Wolf sneers with fury since he doesn’t morph into tanned skin tone as Kodare observes. “You’re a Rider…running along with Bandits.”
The crowd chants. “Riders. Riders. Riders…”
“What is this, Hico? Who are these teens?” Vovina finger points at the wet kids standing in partially clean concrete floor where the water has cleaned the space of bite-nats.
“I’m surprised you don’t recognize them, Vovina?” Kodare answers for Hico. “Taffy pudding and the other outlaw Bandits from Metro City Birmingham that escaped…”
Taffy loudly corrects. “That survived….we survived your stupid Honeysuckle Ball…Hico.”
“So, you did. Now, you can try to survive a second…” Hico dumps and grins with a wickedly smile.
Rusk adds. “Third time. We survived the second day…too.”
“Then….third time it will be….all or nothing…for the lucky Bandit outlaws of South Beach.” Hico smiles as he announces to the anxious crowd switching their chant.
The crowd chants. “Kill Bandits. Kill Bandits. Kill Bandits….”
“Vovina, move the crowds outside to the designated areas for visitors while I explain the new rules of the Huntress Game to the captured teens, prepping them for their fighting competition.” Hico orders to Vovina scooting into his face then he neck snaps his skull to Kodare and commands. “Prep the Circus Showcase for competition against this team of outlaw Bandits.”
“What about the other team?” Kodare inquires with confusion exhibiting a wrinkled forehead as Hico whispers into Kodare’s face a new set of instructions then Kodare smirks as he nods his skull in approval then scoots away from Hico and the South Beach Bandits.
“This is my game, Hico. I explain the rules. I deal with the competitors…” Vovina neck snaps her skull at the female teen standing next to the wall beside her elbow in wonderment. “Who are you? I don’t recognize you, sugar plum.”
Hico hugs closetly on Vovina and orders with a soft tenor. “Please, sugar plum. Take my body guards and move the crowds outside while I deal with the outlaw teens. We start the Huntress Game within the hour.”
“Okay, sugar plum…only for you.” Vovina giggles then pecks his cheekbone as she swings around to the riflemen giving verbal orders as they pace towards the exit doors.
Hico finger points down the hallway in the opposite direction of the exit doors as McCamy turns his body, carrying both him and Tulu in that direction followed by Rusk and Pemona while Baycliff bad mouths at Hico.
“I ain’t afraid of you…boy.” Baycliff hollers as he walks backwards, striking his fist empty into the air waves next to Taffy. She forcefully yanks on his folded bicep holding the linen sheet around his fit waist forward from Hico advancing down the empty hallway as she giggles at Baycliff’s snot-hole’s attitude while Baycliff threatens. “I…going to beat your bee_hind…boy then I…going to bury your bones where my coon dogs can’t find them….then I…going…”
Amita races up into Baycliff’s nostrils as she snarls with disgust at his stupid behavior and insults. “You’re acting like a toddler Baycliff….try to act civilized for once…like a citizen, not a cowboy. Hico has body guards and guns. Ya got a pair of bare naked feet and lots of paired bare naked words.” She giggles silly.
Hico turns to inquire with Wolf. “I admire that teen named Baycliff. Is he their leader?” Wolf doesn’t respond to the question as Hico continues. “You’re a Rider, right Wolf? Are you going to fight with your team against the Bandits? Do your duty?” Wolf nods his skull in silent approval as Hico acknowledges. “Excellent choice, Wolf! Bumblebee, come here.” The body guard with the Bumblebee mask strolls besides Hico as Hico orders. “Take Wolf to his team mates who wait at the Platform on the cliffs. I’ll be there in a little while after I’ve updated the Bandits.” Wolf marches away with Bumblebee.
Taffy neck snaps her skull at Amita. “You should support your man, Amita as well as your friends who are you real allies here, not these strangers who tread on our lands and kill our family members.”
“You…got guts speaking to me, Taffy pudding. You caused all this mess…” Amita dumps.
“Taffy pudding…why’da ya….never mind….and here we go with round two…or three, I can’t keep up with your whining, dear Amita.” Taffy whines as she suddenly stops, turning into the big space with a living set of long sofa and two matching loveseats which are colored in vines of red Roses with green leaves over a crème beige background fabric as she enters and stares at the gathered teens standing in the middle of the room as Baycliff, Amita, and Hico follows behind her.
Hico finger points to the left and explains. “One bedroom for the little boys… (points to the right)…a second bedroom for the little girls. But don’t count on sleeping here since ya’ll be dead!” He chuckles then continues. “The Huntress Game starts... (checks his pocket watch)…fifty minutes. I suggest you paint some flash blades over your naked arms and legs. Because I guarantee this new team of teens don’t play soft ball….as them Southerns used to say.”
“McCamy, I’m scared.” Tulu cries out loud as she cuddles into his chest while he pats her soft hair.
“Tulu ain’t going to fight neither is Amita.” Baycliff proclaims as he rotates his neck muscles around the room, staring at the teens. “There’s only six teens on team. I don’t care about the ratio of sex so that means me, McCamy, Rusk…and…” He pauses then asks. “Where’s Wolf-man?”
“He was walking with Hico. My guess Hico took Wolf away from us since he’s a Rider, not Bandit. But still, I’m worried for him.” Taffy comments as she approaches the door, double checking that it’s locked and sealed from escaping. “Locked and secured…if anyone’s interested.”
“Wolf-man?” Rusk gallops to the side door, opens it as he examines the empty room. “Not here! I concur with Taffy that Hico has returned him to the Riders.”
“Wolf’s the spy…ya dumb redneck Bandits. That’s why we got caught. Wolf has been relaying our secrets to Hico through these TV devices. He’s the expert right?” Amita moves to the loveseat as she plops onto the seat and comments with a sad tone. “Hico’s going to kill you, Baycliff then toss me back into the Silo.”
“I’m not going to let that happen, honey bell. Please have faith in me.” Baycliff pleads as kneecaps at the sofa, cuddling Amita into his naked chest as she roller balls her pupils into the Heavens.
Tulu looks into McCamy’s face. “I can help fight even through I’m scared.”
McCamy confirms as he pecks a quick kiss on her forehead. “No, muffin! You do not fight. Me, Rusk, Baycliff and Taffy will take down the Riders, right Plan Mistress?”
“Right, snot-hole.” Taffy words as she moves to the picnic baskets, flipping open the lid, viewing the cans of bite-nats. “We should paint on our armor before Hico comes back.”
“Riders really are stupid. Looky…what I found?” Baycliff holds up one of the gleaming brass metal arms from the numerous picnic baskets transferred from their old hotel rooms to the new suite, grinning like the Devil himself. “Our prosthesis arms…the real ones.”
Platform. Huntress Game. 75ºF. Starry night sky. The pasture lands with the purple tinted thistles bushes are gone along with the black and white cows since Hico has plowed and cut the land building a horizontal stack of three inches of grayish-white natural wooden planks across the green grasslands towards the end of the silver limestone cliffs as a flat dance floor platform for the Huntress Game. In the middle of the platform is a big hole where occasionally the flares of the natural fusion burst from its nest as the fire yawns from its sleep with brightly colored blue, yellow and red flames and at the end of the platform is a single trial of wood railing separating the rock from the sky which drops into the nasty Gulf of Mexico.
The Platform is a rectangular space of three walls of red Cedar logs that measure from plank to 20 feet into the open skies with no ceiling only open stars twinkling in the bright moon light with the single railing of wood on the east side of the space. Curved within the red walls are scattered in no particular order or arrangement many, many small, medium and large sized TV monitors that are currently black, not activated. The TV sets will provide entertainment for the thousands of citizens at home on their sofas within their living rooms or lounging inside the old hotel rooms along the cliffs or gathered in the center of the small town square for viewing the Huntress Game. 
Taffy leads as Bandit leader wearing long-sleeved blood red leather jacket covering her shoulders down to her kneecaps paired with bright neon orange leather thick leggings for comfort and protection as she prepares to fight to the death against the rough Riders stomping elegantly in her thigh-high orange laced leather boots. Her topper hat covers her entire crown and skull with three swinging peacock color features of yellow/blue/red/orange/green as she shades her eyeballs with a pair of gold plated rimmed blue tinted tea sunglasses both for protection and fashion. The silver metal Lady prosthesis gleams across her right fighting arm from elbow to finger pads which is going to be the “real” surprise to the Riders as she smirks with her secret defensive weapon while her left gloved hand flexes into a round ball open and shut of blood red leather with fire and fury.
The rest of the South Beach teens follows her along side Hico’s gun slingers from the open wagon towards the newly constructed “Platform” as she observes the re-construction of the land over Ebro’s farm. Taffy neck snaps her skull behind her right shoulder at Rusk as he spits and curses softly while he views the destruction of his Daddy’s land, holding tightly Pemona’s gloved hand.
Then, Taffy flips her skull to McCamy who only concerns with Tulu, cuddling her into his chest as his eyeballs dart right then left over her protection while she wears the pink frilly blouse with a high collar as she displays a white Cameo around her protected throat along with two sets of white buckle belts around her tiny waist paired with an ankle-length white fishtail skirt that hikes to her knee, showing a little bit of pink and white vertical silk stockings tucked into her black leather laced tied boots with a pink and red heart designed mini-tea topper hat on the right side of her face without any veil so she can see McCamy with the white red rose-designed parasol in her left hand with holding McCamy hand with her right without a metal arm since she isn’t going to fight against the Riders.
Baycliff drapes his left arm around Amita’s naked shoulder for love and protection in the Hunter green leather cowboy duster that barely slides against the un-even wooden planks across the Platform paired with his bite-nats gray thickly padded leather vest over the white silk shirt as his right arm snakes with the glittering “real” brass metal prosthesis scattered with small adornments of rotating wheels, secret pouches of sharp knives and flipping lids of itching powders inside his defense armor. His skull protects with the pilot’s black flapper cap with the matching black pilot goggles over his blue eyeballs, marching behind Taffy in his red and yellow snake skinned bite-nats cowboy boots.
Amita wears her same bite-nats clothing since she didn’t get watered as Baycliff humors so stupidly as she giggles at the silly cowboy. She models her black lace glovettes, her three caret fake diamond engagement ring on her left hand, bare naked black tight tiny waist hour glass corset with a string of blood red tiny roses lining the lace over her breasts, no jacket and a diamond necklace and solid black mini-tea topper hat slid down over her face left side as the black veil covers her left eyeball. Her hair is pulled into a tight bun behind her neck, showing off the fake diamond drop earrings from her lobes as she swags her hips back and forth in a standing pose, wearing the midnight black floor length swag front skirt, hiking the fabric to her thigh with vertical black and white silk stockings covering her long legs and a triple red bows at the thigh tucked inside her red laced tied leather boots, studying the Platform that extends off the cliffs of Birmingham while Baycliff whispers words of encouragement into her right eardrum.
Taffy turns right into the Platform as she follows bite-nats masked Wasp down the narrow line of painted yellow as she touches her shoulder against the rough red Cedar vertical spatial wall of dead logs, viewing to her left side the open platform leading to a second wall of dead logs where the Rider team will park for the Huntress Game competition as her eyeballs stare forward towards the cliff edge, seeing group of squatting bodies then she suddenly stops in place with her jaw dropped as she identifies Wolf and other unfamiliar but clearly tan-skinned teens too close at the edge of the cliffs against the single wooden railing.
Wasp whips his body around and sneers with an ugly snarl in his black and gray mask as he grunts with a single animal sound then he flips his body around as he walks forward towards the middle section of the red wall as Taffy neck snaps her skull behind her shoulder, staring at the rest of the teens.
Rusk and Pemona walk together, holding brown gloved hands, whispering into each other’s face as they finger point at Wolf on the Platform. Rusk displays the yellow page boy cap over his skull with a pair of thick red mad scientist goggles over his eyeballs, electronic blue bow tie with neon green scarf around his throat and thick dark brown vest and matching waist jacket with the right arm covered in the “real” brass prosthesis along with dark brown trousers tucked into alligator skinned bite-nats cowboy boots.
Pemona poses in the electric blue baggy pants tied with thick corset colored blood red and black over the lavender silk blouse, tapping nervously the white parasol against her leg with her silver prosthesis arm holding Rusk’s hand tightly cocking her black tea topper hat with three pink flamingo features smiling at Rusk.
McCamy draws behind Rusk and Pemona wearing a pair black framed sunglasses guarding his blue eyes, chewing on the wooden toothpick and strolling in the black leather waist jacket paired with black leather pants for flexibility and fight with the Riders that cover his black and cherry red ostrich bite-nats cowboy boots with the tilted slick black felt cowboy hat encircled with a pink ribbon representing the love and care for his muffin. He pulls Tulu safely closer into his chest with his black gloved hand around her waist as his right fighting arm wears the brass “real” metal arm guarding her body since he doesn’t want her to witness what’s going to happen next which doesn’t look good for the group of stupid teens Hico has selected for death in terms of pain, suffering, blood, and guts.
Baycliff suddenly stops as Amita strolls towards McCamy and Tulu then he spits the toothpick from his lips onto the wood as he snarls and steps his left cowboy boot outside the painted line as bite-nats masked Tick cocks the shotgun besides Baycliff’s eardrum as Baycliff sneers at Tick also with an evil snarl. Baycliff steps his body back into the yellow line, moving, and bypassing Amita as he stands and whispers next to Rusk as Rusk nods his skull in silent agreement.
Hico enters first and follows by Vovina and Kodare down the red wall on the west side of the Platform to the three high chairs behind the columns of thin Maple trees clearly for protection from the angry Bandits who are being forced to compete in the Huntress Game for their very biological lives.
Hico grabs the small compact metal microphone, ordering into the TV speakers without his face being displayed upon the many, many TV monitors. “Sit, teens.”
Taffy, McCamy, Tulu, Rusk, Pemona, Baycliff, and Amita stand soldierly in deadly defiance of Dictator Hico’s vocal command as the Riders on the opposite of the planks lounge calmly over the wooden benches while sipping their cool beverages.
Hico chuckles and pleases with the fierce blood and gut competition for the night’s entertainment. “Excellent, we got a good fight tonight. But first, we’ll hold a small reunion. Send in the boy, Ant.” The tall blonde-haired teen stumbles after being forcefully shoved by Ant from the corner, hustling towards the Bandit dugout as Baycliff runs and slaps the teen’s back muscles in friendly greeting then they both lightly jog closer to the South Beach teens.
McCamy releases Tulu as he meets him in the middle of the planks while he back slaps and hugs brotherly his absent friend, commenting. “Hixson, ya live.”
Rusk hugs brotherly his friend dressed in simple jeans and white shirt without any bite-nats paint or protection, examining the yellow and black healing bruises upon Hixson’s cheekbones and exposed biceps. “Hixson’s barely lives.” Rusk flicks his finger pad against Hixson’s cheekbone, inquiring. “Hico do this?”
“Kodare.” Hixson barks in nasty baritone trombone. “…trying to get cute with our females. I gots a good workout.” Then, he smiles and fist bumps his hand with Rusk’s.
Baycliff threatens with bodily harm his enemies then strikes his fist in the empty air. “Kodare, he’s mine…along with Tick, Wasp, and Ant. I’ll take them all out.”
“Bays well…like a puppy dog but the question is can he beat well like a cowboy?” Hixson insults Baycliff as the Bandit teens laugh.
Hico stands from chair as he walks around the protection barrier of trees into the middle of the Platform then comments using the microphone so everyone can hear his words. “Reunion ends. Let’s start our game. Please activate the TVs.” Static replaces the darkness then the faces of citizens replace the static along with loud words.
The crowd chants. “Fight. Fight. Fight…”
Hico encourages. “Welcome to the first annual Huntress Game!” Hico words, while twirling around in a circle for the many, many faces within the TV screens. “We have a special presentation before our bloody fight. Queue the railing, please….” The TV shows a close up of the teens tied by ropes at the ankles and around their wrists as Hico commands. “Stand them up, please.” The teens stand with difficulty as they are assisted by insect-masked guard of Hico then Hico explains. “I am very sad to report that there has been thievery among our citizens. These disturbing teens have committed the violent crime.”
The crowd chants. “Boo. Boo. Boo…”
Hico continues with a bright smile. “I can hear that you feel the same as I since we are civilized people of government. I will allow you…the audience to decide their fate.”
Pemona cries as she talks into Rusk’s face. “I know her…the small girl. She’s from my community. We have to do something, Rusk. We have to save them. They’re not thieves. Hico lies.” Rusk nods his skull as he steps towards Ant then Ant swings the rifle into Rusk’s face as Rusk stops then back steps his boots into Pemona’s arms.
Hixson supplies. “These are the hand-picked team of teens by Hico who were going to fight the Riders until ya’ll showed face.”
“Save them!” Taffy yells as Baycliff swiftly charges his hands at Tick’s legs with success while Tick tumbles his body down hard onto the wooden planks then Wasp nosily cocks the barrel of his rifle into Baycliff’s nostrils.
Hico orders, while chuckling at the hyper teen. “Don’t hurt him, Tick! Get back in line, Baycliff. Your turn’s coming.” He watches defeated Baycliff sneer and snap at Tick then continues. “Your verdict audience?”
“Death. Death. Death,…” chants the angry crowd as Hico flings his single hand towards the water off the rock cliffs while the masks of Flea, Spider, Snake, and Beetle forcefully and quickly push each teen off the tea table of solid limestone rock without any vocal noise since their mouths are gagged with rags and taped shut as you hear only the distance splash of water from below the Platform.
Tulu turns her skull into McCamy’s chest since she can’t watch the horror as Rusk and Pemona hold each other watching the terror. Baycliff rocks back and forth on his cowboy boots wanting to save them but can’t get passed the twin gun slingers without getting himself killed then he can’t defend Amita and his childhood friends of South Beach.
Taffy wraps her arms around her jacket, witnessing the disappearance of Wolf quietly off the cliffs into the deadly waters with the flesh eating numerous deformed and deadly sea creatures of the Gulf of Mexico as Amita gently leans her body with crossed arms against one of the TV screens enjoying the view.
Hico words into the microphone for the audience. “That dirty deed is done! We will take a fast break and then return you to the upcoming first strike of the Huntress Game.” Hico turns to the Controller who works the remote control monitor for the satellite transmission and orders. “Kill the all the channels.” Hico walks to the South Beach team as he explains. “There is another way to end this madness.” He pauses for drama then continues. “I have requested that your parents turn over the cans of bite-nats to me…then this. Will. End. Here.” He pauses for drama, smiling then adds to the teens. “We will leave. You will return back to your farming duties. How easy is that?”
“Never.” Taffy swiftly shouts the single American word and supreme American attitude as she defies and defends her Daddy if he hasn’t answered the quest to Hico that there must be a very good reason.
“No.” Rusk quickly joins agreeing with Taffy.
“Display their parents upon the TV.” Hico orders as Taffy swings her face to the screen behind her shoulder seeing her parents along with Baycliff’s Mama and Daddy and Ebro, father of the twins as Hico addresses to Ebro. “I have your teens. They will participate in the Huntress Game or…you can provide me all the cans of bite-nats at your disposal. Then, my friend, we will leave.”
Ebro presents duck lips, ugly. “No.”
Amita reacts violently. “No! They want the bite-nats just give them the paint, Ebro.”
Ebro doesn’t move his skull but words in deep baritone trombone with duck lips, ugly. “No.”
Amita explains. “We’re in competition with the Riders. We might not make it, Ebro.”
Ebro narrows his eyelids as he studies Hico and responses, thrice. “No.”
Amita comments nasty, folding her bare arms over her bodice. “You’re a fool, Ebro.”
Ebro slices his eyeballs to Rusk then McCamy. “Good luck, boys.” Rusk nods his skull in silence acceptance along with McCamy.
Hico flings his single hand at the Controller. “Kill the transmission, Bumblebee.” The TV screens go blank as Hico sighs then breathes heavy as he eye burns each teen. “I am very disappointed in your parents. This is a very simple request.” He pivots back to the center of the Platform as he veers to towards the fusion then he finger points. “Fusions are a fascinating geological creation of Mother Nature and only found in South Beach…no place else on the entire continent. I am intrigued with their flair, fire, and fury.” He suddenly stops as he circles the round hole curved between the horizontal planks then begins. “I didn’t cover the fusion for a purpose since it makes an entertaining special effect to the Platform, don’t ya’ll agree? But…I digress from my presentation.” Hico moves towards Taffy as she stands her ground then he comments. “I know that the cans of paint are located within the fusion. I also know that your parents will not cooperate but maybe as the future leaders of the strong South Beach community, you might be more cooperative. Would that be correct, Taffy pudding?”
Taffy slices her eyeballs to Baycliff as he shakes his skull side to side with determined “no” then she shifts her eyeballs back to Hico and voices violently. “No.”
Hico two-steps from Taffy as he stands in front of McCamy who’s wrapped around Tulu so tightly that you can see only her black hair then Hico proposes. “Young love, so sweet, cowboy? I’d hate for your girl to get hurt or injured…or…” McCamy sneers like a wounded animal in Hico’s face for hinting at harming Tulu as Hico two-steps left and focuses on Rusk, ordering. “Rusk and Baycliff, the heroes of the Honeysuckle Ball…” Hico twisted lips, ugly then swings his body in circle and re-appears in front of Rusk as he continues. “I bet our heroes know the location of the bite-nats can, don’t ya’ll cowboys?”
Rusk rumbles in baritone tuba. “No.”
Hico paces his dress shoes back from the teens and commands. “No. I don’t really like that word. I like the word…yes.” He pauses then smiles as he orders. “Bumblebee, please show us the vacation spot.” The TV screen pops on displaying the familiar red barn located on the smooth clay grounds of the Thelee Farm then rounds of live ammo eats at the old worn wooden planks. Tulu screams while McCamy comforts her then Hico smiles directly at Taffy, pacing forward towards crying Tulu who parks inside McCamy’s biceps as McCamy growls at the advancing Hico while Hico compliments. “I like this team that has lots of snort-hole heroes. Taffy and twins will be my next heroes…”
“I substitute for all of them.” Baycliff rushes his tallness passed the yellow line as Tick draws the barrel in Baycliff’s face while McCamy grits his teeth and hisses, ugly the physical threat to his friends and family members.
“Baycliff.” Amita neck snaps her skull to him as she wiggles her legs towards his side, parking her thin tall body with fists planted upon her narrow hips, calling with a nasty female bass clarinet as she wrinkles her forehead. “I. Need. You….to protect me…from… (points at the empty wall)…them.”
Baycliff walks backwards, closes into her body, hugging her closetly to his chest and whispers like a set of butterfly wings. “Honey bell, you don’t fight remember. You stand on the sideline with Tulu like we planned…from the get-go. You can witness me beat Hico’s bee_hind.” Then he chuckles with a quick tone and lightly pecks her cheekbone as she puffs musically while slicing her brown pupils directly at Taffy.
Hico orders while he finger points north at the cliffs. “The bay by the cliffs…that your Daddy’s ranch, correct?” He smiles, remembering the massive spread of cows along the fence posts of the cattle ranch that delivers the delicious beef steaks each month to Metro City Birmingham shops then loudly blasts. “I am leader. I am judge, jury and…. (chuckles)…plan master.” He finger points at Baycliff. “You… (finger points at girl)….Taffy pudding and this particular twin of the pair named Rusk. All of ya’ll enter the fusion! Find me the bite-nats while the other Bandits fight…. (grins)…for their lives…until your…imminent return with my paint cans. The clock tick-tocks on your awaiting adventure time.” He pauses for drama then softly words. “Say good luck to your kin.” Hico neck snaps his face to the surrounding body guards who are painted with bite-nats mask of Earth insects as he orders with a nod of his skull. “Show them the ready packs hanging over by the railing after their good-byes.”
“Give me ya boots?” Baycliff finger points at Wasp’s feet and demands the items.
“My boots?” Wasp chin drops his face towards his stolen cowboy boots from one of the South Beach cowboy’s house.
“…and your jackets especially for Taffy pudding. Their bite-nats is going to melt inside the fusion steam.” Hico dictates while Wasp, Ant, and Beetle remove their “real” leather cowboy boots and “real” cloth jackets, handing off to the teens.
Taffy hisses like a snake with gritted teeth holding the items in her hands, swinging her body towards Tulu hiding in McCamy’s biceps as Tulu presents herself with wet tears and redden cheekbones from crying. Tulu hugs closetly her sister as Rusk violently shoves McCamy from Tulu over towards the Cedar wall against the embedded TV screens as they say good byes as brothers. 
Taffy offers as she wraps long arms around her petite sister. “Don’t worry about me, Tulu! I got jack-hole Baycliff and smart-hole Rusk protecting me. And…” She pauses for drama with a tight throat as she softly mews. “You…got snot-hole McCamy.” She gently pushes Tulu from her chest since Tulu is only five feet and a few inches of height compared to her tallness of five feet and nine inches, staring into Tulu’s flowing tears and sparkling eyeballs with one brown and one blue, promising and holds Tulu’s face gently with  her finger pads. “McCamy…he won’t let any Rider hurt ya.” Taffy nods her skull as she talks and watches Tulu nods her skull. “Right?”
“Right?” Tulu softly mews.
“I love you…,” Taffy feels, smiling.
“The last time you told me these words, Taffy you faked your…,” Tulu dump then cries, hugging her big sister, tightly around her waist as Taffy whispers into Tulu’s eardrum and.
“I promise, Tulu. That’s not going to happen. You stay within McCamy’s safe arm and deadly hands. He. Will. Not. Let. You. Get. Hurt. Or….,” pauses for drama then grins like a devilette and promises, “….or McCamy deals with….Daddy!” Tulu laughs hardy with the true statement since their Daddy will tear McCamy a new one if something bad happens to his baby girl along with Taffy giggling like a toddler. Taffy and Tulu suddenly stop laughing and hugging each other in the silence tender sister loving moment then Taffy slides her silver prosthesis, fiddling it around Tulu’s small arm for her defensive fight with the Riders.
Baycliff hugs closetly, whispering into Amita’s eardrum. “It would seem our situation has changed, honey bell…”
Amita presents duck lips, ugly then words with biting fury. “Not for me, Baycliff. I am not fighting against them things ….over there.” Her octave drops to soft soprano. “I feel faint always from the humid heat here on the breezy cliffs.”
“Amita1?” Baycliff neck snaps his skull at cuddled Tulu and Taffy realizing now that Tulu’s required viciously fight against the rough Riders which isn’t the original plot of Showcase. The original plan involves Tulu and Amita sitting on the sidelines and rooting as cheerleaders for the all-star players but the home team is down by three members with him, Taffy and Rusk going under the cliffs into the fusion for locating the paint cans.
Baycliff slices eyeballs at Rusk and McCamy exchanging hushed words with their skulls almost touching their foreheads as he flips his face to Hixson flirting with Pemona then he chuckles while he swings his skull back to tight lipped Amita with a corn-cob stuck up her bee_hind. Amita stands soldierly folding her naked arms around her barely there bra covering her upper body as she taps a leather boot making slight staccato sounds.
“I am not fighting.” She draws the parasol direct pointing the round tip into his face. “Ya got that! Ya’ll Bandits has started this battle with Hico then ya’ll Bandits has to finish this War which doesn’t include me.”
“Amita1?” Baycliff names then pauses for drama as she closes her eyelashes turning her skull towards the skyline. Baycliff hugs her tightly and pecks her cheekbone. “Stay safe! I’ll hurry with bite-nats.” He releases her and watches her reaction as Amita swings toward the opening of the Platform, trotting away from him.
Baycliff curses under breathe then swings his body towards Tulu and Taffy advancing into the huddle which is joined by Pemona and Hixson. Taffy quickly releases Tulu as Baycliff takes his brotherly turn, hugging closetly Tulu into his biceps, whispering softly encouraging words into her face as she nods her skull.
Taffy forcefully grabs Pemona’s forearm, moving her out of the huddle, calling. “Pemona, I really need to speak with you about your parents and little sister…”
Hixson violently jerks both Taffy and Pemona into each of his massive biceps being six feet and four inches of taunt muscle, talking to both the girls. “Taffy, good luck, I can’t help with the find of the bite-nats. Daddy never talked about the paint since Mama’ll whip his bee_hind ‘cause she knows but I don’t. But…don’t worry…(looks at Baycliff)….Baycliff knows…everything about everything.” He smiles goofy at Taffy then face flips to Pemona. “Girl, you survived Honeysuckle Ball to get back here for another battle with us…Bandits. But, don’t worry I got your bee_hind during Rusk’s absence.” He chuckles as Pemona slaps his chest then he laughs hardy.
Taffy flings her body from the man-hug, stepping forward from Hixson and calling as she finger points towards the Cedar wall for privacy. “Pemona, I need to tell about your parents…”
Baycliff yanks Taffy into his chest, chuckling. “This way, Plan Mistress. We gots one more performance before I spank Hico’s bee_hind like a wetting puppy dog.” He blinks eyelids once, twice then thrice at his friend, commanding. “Hixson, protect both my girls.”
“My girls?” Pemona teases as she winks friendly at Baycliff, giggling.
“Hear me, Hixson. That’s your only job…protect our kin. Well, maybe taking out a Rider or two…but wait for me…to return.” Baycliff warns as he slides the metal piece from his forearm and hands off to Hixson while Hixson releases Pemona. Hixson examines and taps the “real’ weapons, grinning and winking evilly at Baycliff then busts Baycliff a brotherly hug and back slap for luck, releasing him and staring at the arm prosthesis. Baycliff turns and forcefully drags Taffy from the friendly huddle towards McCamy and Rusk, picking up Rusk for the adventure into the fusion.
McCamy exhales then inhales then exhales with a heavy huff along with a heavy heart as he eye burns his boots then flips his skull to the edge of the cliffs then his face to the skyline and returns his eyeballs back to Rusk. “Why, Rusk?”
“Sorry, bro.” Rusk simply words with a deadpan flat expression upon his face.
“Rusk.” McCamy names, gritting hit teeth and presents duck lips, ugly as he stares into the duplicate facial features since they’re twins.
“Rusk” Baycliff rumbles in baritone trombone, slapping McCamy shoulders. “…say bye-bye to big bro so we can jump back into the fight before snot-hole McCamy beats all their buttholes…without me.” Baycliff turns his face towards McCamy with a hot warning. “Kodare is mine. Do not touch, him!”
McCamy ignores Baycliff’s banter as he stares into Rusk’s blue eyes. “Rusk.”
“Protect Pemona for me.” Rusk softly requests, staring back into McCamy’s blue eyes as they communicate as twins with their shared secret while Rusk pulls his arm prosthesis placing it into McCamy’s hands for additional protection to use against the Riders.
“Yeah!” McCamy slightly nods his skull then hugs closetly, slapping Rusk’s back muscles. They release each other as Baycliff jerks Rusk towards the wooden railing. McCamy purses his lips, tightly while Tulu gallops into his chest as he kisses her cheekbone, watching Rusk, Taffy, and Baycliff dress for their rap jumping off the limestone cliffs of Birmingham. 
Rusk lifts one of the heavy rappel deployment bags containing the compact climbing gear as he draws out the pair of gloves, knee pads, elbow pads, helmet, climbing harness laying the items across the planks. He mentally performs the think object: paint as his white shirt and purple vest disappear and jerks the Rider’s light wool jacket over his painted chest then slips the cowboys over his black coated feet. Once inside the humid and wet fission all the bite-nats will dissolve off his body as he locates the paint cans for Hico before the Riders kill…the Bandits. 
Taffy snaps the thick padded harness vest around her shoulders then snaps the webbing between her legs as she hooks the looping Daisy chain stripe to the locking carabiner then violently jerks on the special thickly padded safety gloves over both her hands for the fast descent down the rock face in the night.
Baycliff jerks the ascension roper on his webbing double checking the safety fit then swings his body facing Taffy. He violently jerks her ascender ropes triple checking the safely fit as he smirks with satisfaction at Taffy’s excellent knot roper system while Taffy nods her skull in silence acceptance of his inspection.
Rappelling is a controlled vertical drop along a cliff or wall surface by sliding down a belayed rope system that is passed under on thigh and over the opposite shoulder creating friction that reduces the bouncing and allows an easier ascending of the flesh and blood body while performing a series of short backward leaps toward the destination.
Baycliff always leads the rope down or abseiling since he’s the most experienced with the dangerous fun then cues with a nod for his readiness as Taffy, Baycliff, and Rusk resume their positions pacing backwards as legs hit the wooden railing. They eyeball Tulu, McCamy, Pemona, Amita, and Hixson for…1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds.
Taffy nosily flexes the metal clip of the lead rope nervously, testing the strength as she neck snap her skull at Baycliff then to Rusk for a silence confirmation of readiness for rappelling down the cliffs into the single opening in the dark about 100 feet from the rock. She swings a single leg over the wood railing as she positions her body parallel to the railing on airy side, holding her gloved hand on the wood then nods her skull at Baycliff when Baycliff twists his skull towards Rusk and nods his skull to him as they ready to leap, T-rex off the rock ledge backwards.
Taffy bends her kneecaps as she holds both palms to the railing, listening to Baycliff’s counting backwards for the group leap into the air. “Three. Two. One. Go!”
Taffy pushes off the railing into the air with her kneecaps smashed against her chest then she flies like a folded beetle through the air, jerking both legs diagonally to the cliff as her body descends in a 45 degree angle towards the rock 40 feet closer to the vertical opening made by Mother Nature into the cliff.
Baycliff shouts. “The term rappel or rappelling is derived from…”
“Shut up, Baycliff.” Rusk returns back.
Taffy jolts her cowboy boots on the rock with perfect timing as her boots ricochet and her mouth molars bite into her soft tissue of her cheek against with the hard limestone rock, bouncing her body backwards into the air like a trapeze flying artist in a circus while her body descends another 20 feet down towards the water then plows her boots against he rock for a second time, dropping another 20 feet even with Baycliff and Rusk’s rappelling parallel movements.
Baycliff stills against the rock face then lifts his right arm horizontal to Rusk as Rusk stills then his left arm horizontal to Taffy as Taffy stops, signaling the familiar silent hand code for him to enter the cavern mouth first. Taffy and Rusk shoot away from the mouth and watch Baycliff disappear into the darkness.
Taffy swings out from her spot, rotating her angle forward towards the darkness, enters, and violently slams into Baycliff’s open biceps as he readies for her capture, cuddling into his chest as they both swiftly spin in a circle like dancing until twirling booted feet slow then stop in place as Baycliff chuckles in her face, pecking her sweaty cheekbone, talking. “Ya gained weight, honey bell…”
“Snot-hole, get off me before I tattle to Amita.” Taffy punts wildly as she giggles. They separate, standing side by side yet apart while bending at kneecaps watching and waiting for Rusk’s entry.
Rusk rushes into the dark as he releases the rope traveling into twenty finger pads as all three teens fling backwards, landing in a messy pile of twisting limbs, chuckling at each other. 
Rusk detangles first, wiping the pink cold wet ashes from naked chest as he finger points at the hidey hole on his left. “Them jeans here…ya’ll left from your quote ‘death’ unquote scene a couple of weeks ago….”
“Over there in the vertical creak, might be covered in spiders, whack them off.” Baycliff warns as Rusk crawls on fours, feeling and searching for the clothing. He retrieves the bag then pulls jeans, tossing the items to both Baycliff and Taffy. The wetness and humid temperatures are rapidly converting the bite-nats Steampunk costumes into paint while some of the paint slightly boils then melts without harm from teen bodies exposing naked tanned flesh.
Rusk stands in the tight jeans covering the cowboy boots, wearing the Navy blue light wool jacket over his naked chest while the heat and humidity of the fusion cave washes the remaining bite-nats paint down his muscle glittering like colored diamonds as he displays in both hands the single clean white large sized T-shirt, clarifying. “Only one…in the bag.”
Baycliff struts manly in cowboy boots wearing tight jeans and Navy blue light wool jacket sweating out of his bite-nats as the paint runs down his naked chest of muscle, talking greedily. “I gots it.”
Rusk presents duck lips, ugly as his skull leans around Baycliff updating. “Taffy needs the shirt…more.”
Baycliff smirks devilishly swinging around his body and face, grinning and chuckling as he observes Taffy in the baggy jeans wearing Ant’s oversized Navy blue wool jacket over her naked chest as droplets of colored bite-nats descend between her covered breasts. She has buttoned the leisure jacket with the only existing two buttons but the skin from her throat and belly button is exposed and is glistening in colored paint as Baycliff growls. “Taffy looks fine to me...without the shirt.”
“Snot-hole…,” Rusk shoves Baycliff from his path, tossing the T-shirt to Taffy before all the paint is washed away, exposing her tanned skin.
“I’m cold. I want that T-shirt to cover my shivering body.” Baycliff smart-holes as Taffy giggles since the average temperature inside the fusion is about 110 degrees Fahrenheit. Baycliff enjoys staring at Taffy as she turns her back to the teen males, peeping at her naked back muscles and short cropped brown hair sweating against her neck muscles. She drops the jacket from her body. Then Rusk playfully covers Baycliff’s eye sockets from Taffy’s strip tease flipping him in the opposite direction while Baycliff comments. “Girls look great without T-shirts but I’ll take a girl with a wet T-shirt over a dry one…any day of the week.”
“Snot-hole…get moving. Find them paint cans and rescue McCamy.” Rusk leads towards the path of surrounding limestone with layering colors of white, yellow and pink coating the floor of the cave. 
“Rescue McCamy, ain’t that an oxymoron?” Baycliff comments, while chuckling.
Taffy tucks the long T-shirt into the baggy jeans, covering her shoulders with the wool jacket and replaces her cowboy boots grateful for the items or she will be naked in front of Baycliff as she blushes pinky then comments other topic. “Pink, yellow, and white layering within the cavern walls I don’t get the physics.”
“Yellow is sulfur.” Rusk talks moving ahead of Taffy and Baycliff. “Move it…this way and save McCamy.” 
Baycliff lectures, lagging behind the three teens near the opening. “Made of higher forms of bacteria organisms thought to be related to fungi…”
“Fungus?” Taffy squeals and trots besides strutting Rusk.
Baycliff educates. “The fungi filamentous forms into 0.5 to 0.8 microns in diameter that colors in yellow mixing with the sulfur which commonly infects cattle known as ‘lumpy jaw cow disease’ with huge abscess chunks inside their mouths of the beasties.” He walks around the fallen piles of rock then continues. “The tooth abscesses with a pretty golden pus-draining lesion of watery granules as seem by them naked eyeballs and smell gross inside your mouth taste buddies and nostril hairs. As the cow’s dirty salvia dumps into the fission mixing with white ashes it changes into yellow sulfur granules…see the wall…here.” Baycliff kneecaps as he flakes at the yellow coating near his face and smiles. “The pink represents the poopy turds from them dead organisms at the bottom of the cave which ain’t good for nothin’ but pretty decoration.”
“Ya left out the best part, Baycliff.” Rusk tattles with a loud baritone trombone, chuckling.
“Yeah, I did.” Baycliff admits, smiling.
“What best part, Baycliff?” Taffy inquires, walking near the wall gently touching the yellow sulfur feeling the texture with her finger pads.
“Gather the yellow flakes and they melt into forms of penicillin…” Baycliff confesses, grinning.
“Penicillin for healing bodies of sick people and…,” Taffy dumps.
“Animals, too.” Rusk adds. “We should plunk a handful of crystals to save McCamy.”
“Wow! Hico wants the penicillin for himself to use and abuse.” Taffy stops and neck snaps her skull at Rusk.
Baycliff shakes his blonde skull side to side, offering. “Hico wants only the bite-nats for himself to use and abuse. Ya see, years ago, penicillin could cure lots of sick folks then…our Daddies collectively stumbled upon and accidentally created the bite-nats. The formula started out as a good mixture for fixin’ people with terminable aliments and damaged limbs then…”
“….our USA Government interfered.” Rusk dumps. “Now, Hico interferes. Let’s move it…save McCamy.”
“Our US government sequestered all the bite-nats from Daddy and Daddy’s private laboratory in Huntsville, Alabama…home of the space rockets and interstellar space missiles for destroying our enemies. When the foreign governments accidentally discovered Daddy’s creation, they all got jealous. At the end of the cat fight, came the dog fight over…”
“Bite-nats. I guess world history does repeat…itself.” Taffy ends, pursing her lips, tightly and shaking her skull side to side.
The three pose side by side like a picture, staring studiously at the three distinct rounded openings of three separate interior caves within the cavern as Rusk swings his face to him, asking. “Where is it, Baycliff?”
Baycliff rotates his neck muscles to each separate cave, commenting. “Where. Is. It. Baycliff. Do I look likes a GPS device that eons ago? Don’t know, bro. I’ve never been this deep into the fusion only along the sidelines with ya’ll. Ya gots admit the only fun is jumping off the cliffs for the thrill ride, not exploring a dark dunk wet cave.” Baycliff face flips to her, asking. “Do you know, Taffy?” Taffy shakes her skull side to side, observing the three caves.
Rusk orders with frustration, swinging his face at each cave. “This’ll take hours to find the paint. So, forget the bite-nats.” He body spins towards Taffy and Baycliff, demanding. “We go back and fight…save our…family. Them Riders are meaner then the sissy bunch at the Honeysuckle Ball, they’ll kill McCamy.” Rusk doesn’t want to mention the other two names since Taffy might get really upset if she thinks about Tulu getting hurt or killed because McCamy is dead.
Taffy reminds, folding arms across her jacket, shaking her skull side to side. “I disagree. The best defensive strategy is delivering the paint to Hico. The bite-nats cans are here. I barely remember Daddy mentioning to Mama that the fusion for hiding something. Did your Daddy talk like that, Baycliff?”
Baycliff lectures. “Not Daddy, but Mama. She’s afraid of the fusion…all the fusions along the cliffs.”
Rusk steps towards the extreme right cave opening, proposing as he finger points his hand towards the water. “That way is south where we entered into the cavern opening along the Gulf of Mexico. This cave goes east towards the fusion. We all know that we don’t want to go that way. The paint and us can’t survive in fire. Agreed?” Skulls bob up and down as Rusk continues. “That leaves two caves to explore. I’ll take the cave heading north looking for the paint cans. Who knows the cave might rounds towards the other one that heads west. We’re running of time and options. Find. The. Paint. Rescue McCamy.” Rusk trots towards the opening, anxiously calling with his back muscles facing Taffy and Baycliff then disappearing.
“Rusk, come back.” Taffy steps forward as Baycliff grabs her arm.
“That’s the best plan we got, Taffy. Let’s explore the west cave.” Baycliff shifts his hand into her cupped finger pads, pulling her into the cave.
Wooden Fighting Platform. Hico stands and spits into the metal microphone like a ring master of a popular prize fight in the middle of the wooden planks as his smiling face presents on all the TV screens explaining the rules of the Huntress Game to the audience. He finger points to the north wall of TV screens. “Riders…over there…will take on the outlaw Bandits….over there….”
McCamy instructs Tulu as she shifts the double set of leather belts from her tiny waist positioning them down her arms from the tip of her collar bone then McCamy firmly holds Tulu by her biceps as he tenderly kisses her forehead then surfaces as he smiles into her red swollen face, instructing with care. “Muffin, morph your clothes into another thick leather jacket like Taffy’s. Do you recall Taffy’s red leather around her upper body and flat boots on your cute toes?” Tulu obeys as she closes her eyelashes, shining with wet tears for fear, worry and unhappiness as she sniffs back clear snot from her nostrils then inside her mind she mentally performs the object: leather jacket, leggings, and boots.
Her frilly pink blouse with the vertical belts down her arms instantly transforms into a thick padded pink leather jacket with thick white stripes as her mint green ruffled skirt converts into a pair of light green leggings protecting her legs with thick black hiking boots. McCamy grins with satisfaction as he orders with kindness. “Now, see the thick white strips….(touches her arm with his index finger)….here.” Tulu nods her skull in silence as she listens to McCamy as he continues. “Think object: thousands of tiny sharp points like the tips of arrows along the white stripes down your arm at the end of the leather.”
Tulu closes her eyelashes as she mentally performs the think object: arrow tips. She opens her eyelashes, seeing the sharp points then tenderly touches one with the pad of her finger duplicating McCamy’s performance as he tests the strength and danger of the arrows with three of his calloused finger pads then he compliments. “Good job, muffin. I want you to protect yourself…”
“McCamy1?” Tulu names as the wet tears flow down her bare face since she has washed the bite-nats makeup witnessing Taffy jump from the Platform down the cliffs into the fusion to retrieve the paint cans of bite-nats for Dictator Hico, leaving her here to fight against the big, tall, ugly, and nasty Riders.
“Shh…muffin.” McCamy gently words as he tenderly kisses her forehead, again then calmly continues. “I ain’t going to allow anyone to harm ya, muffin. I promise…” He crosses his index finger tip over his invisible heart on the left side of his chest as Tulu sees the loving act and smiles then McCamy instructs. “But…by chance…if’an a Rider draws near ya, you sucker punch him with the side of your leg using the sharp points of the arrow tips or your arm, okay, muffin? Do you understand?” Tulu nods her skull in silence since her throat’s too tight to talk as he orders. “Okay, muffin. Depress the tips so I can give you a great big hug.” Tulu grins as the sharp points disappear from the white stripes as McCamy cuddles her into his massive muscular chest closing his eyelids as he hugs closetly her tiny body into his biceps and swiftly prays for one miracle.
Hico intros as he waves his free hand like a flag in the air. “Captain of the teams, please approach me so we can begin the Huntress Game.”
Hixson twists his lips, ugly, commenting and staring his eyeballs directly at Dictator Hico as a single floating Monarch butterfly lands on his left shoulder as he words out loud and shrugs his shoulders once. “I guess I’m Captain.” The Monarch butterfly lifts from his shirt, floating towards the starry skyline.
McCamy pecks a sweet kiss upon Tulu’s forearm handing off the brass metal arm from Rusk then swings his face and offers to Hixson. “I come with ya.”
Hixson and McCamy strut manly towards Hico. Hico smiles and nods his skull friendly at the advancing players as Hixson remarks with a slurry tone. “Not fair, we lose our best fighters in Baycliff and Rusk, downing us to five folks against six healthy Riders. Them females look more like a bunch of former offensive linebackers from the old fashion football team which makes me worry about Tulu, McCamy.”
“Don’t worry about Tulu. No one touches my girl. Period.” McCamy promises, smirking.
Hixson swings his skull sideways as he observes, adding. “Amita doesn’t look…ready, either.”
McCamy injects, staring at the two Riders. “If Hico follows the rules of good sportsmanship, you get to shake the hand of the Captain Rider. Allow me to do that honor, bro.”
“Go for it, hoss. I don’t want to shake his hand but shake his skull then rip it off and toss it into the fusion along with his six feet and three inches of headless body. At least…then the number of our enemies will be even Stephan for a fair fight of five contenders.” Hixson threats deadly as both boys snort loud.
Hixson and McCamy face the snarling lips of two male Riders who present with tallness and muscles equal to the Bandit males as Hico dictates. “Boys, thanks for coming to this grand meeting of the first Huntress Game. And as in any past American professional sporting events, the two opposing teams offer a slight gesture of friendship by exchanging handshakes. Extend your arms and shake hands Captains in the name of honor and friendship.”
Lion narrows his tawny eyespots, back steps from his team member, folding biceps across his painted bite-nats body of lion fur embedded with electric blue razor sharp tips, growling like the king of the jungle. “I be Captain but I be damn if I shake a hand of a Bandit. Period.”
The first alternative winner of the Showcase is the Circus of Riders painted in bite-nats costumes of Lion, silly Clown, tall white Tigress, Bearded Man, Fat Lady and petite Trapeze Artist with flaming fiery batons as they stand along the opposite wall of the Platform.
Clown steps forward and extends his yellow gloved hand paints with a silly red-nose, white-faced bite-nats of exaggerated pink lips, big black circles around his eye sockets and a Navy jester’s cap protecting his skull with three four inches of pointy daggers sticking upright from the material much like a rooster’s crown. His body decorates in thickly padded paint forming an armor of alternating green and orange vertical stripes from his throat down to his ankles with a pair of oversized deep purple clown shoes each holding four flash blades horizontally from the edge forming like a set of sharp claws of the extinct American eagle.
Hico encourages to Hixson. “Shake the boy’s hand.”
McCamy paces his left boot forward from Hixson then violently grabs the Clown’s hand with his left gloved hand as he viciously jerks Clown into his face, grinning like the Devil. Then McCamy rears back the metal prosthesis behind his waist, launching and punching the metal directly into Clown’s temple, cheekbone, left nostril, lips, and jaw line as Clown stumbles to McCamy’s left away from him falling into Hico’s face.
Hico instinctively pushes the unconscious and bloody teen back from his bite-nats white Dinner jacket as the teen rotates in a circle, slamming his body into Lion. Lion cuddles his Rider into his arms as they fall upon kneecaps upon the planks while Lion examines the head wounds, noting the Rider is out of the competition and remarks loudly. “Its real…” 
“…really good.” Hico calls loudly as he claps and chuckles then proclaims into the TV screens. “Okay! Forget honor and friendship…play nasty and win greedy.”
Hixson slaps McCamy’s high-five while McCamy comments nasty. “Even Stephan” They laugh and grin with their small victory against the evil foes.
Hico yells for the audience, staring into the TV monitors. “Congratulations, Bandit for the first strike of the evening in the Huntress Game. Move back to your dugouts, boys. You too, Lion.”
Hixson and McCamy pivot soldierly, trotting back Tulu and Pemona. McCamy hugs closetly Tulu whispering into her face as she smiles sweetly while he orders. “Muffin, you hang on my belt hoops that I modified with bite-nats for your tiny hands behind my back.” He swings around since he has created two handlers protruding from his belt like oversized rings then back to her face, explaining. “See them.” Tulu bobs her skull with silence acknowledgement then he kisses her face and explains. “Stay behind me…the entire time.” Tulu nods her skull as wet tears roll down her cheeks feeling scare and nervous while McCamy instructs. “Rotate your pretty feet around the planks as I twirl and twist around them mean Riders. I promise, muffin. I will kill them all before one reaches you. Do ya believe me, Tulu?”
“McCamy.” Tulu names as she nods her skull with silence agreement then hugs closetly his chest as he squeezes her tight enough to deflate all the air from her lungs with love and protection then tenderly kisses her sweet smelling honeysuckle hair.
Hico echoes into the Platform. “You will see the entirety of the Huntress Game, right here until the opposing players are all dead.”
McCamy breaks from crying Tulu as she poses her body behind him, twirling left then right as McCamy bends and reaches for the second metal arm while Amita stands at the Cedar wall by the TV screen then flips her face and body towards the opening of the Platform while Hixson finger points at Amita, detailing into McCamy’s face. “Amita, ain’t she fighting for us?”
McCamy adjusts Rusk’s metal arm onto his left arm for whomping the remaining Riders to death as he flips his face towards Amita parking her bee_hind onto the smooth wooden planks between the escape opening and Hico vertical columns of red Cedar tree trunks still covered in flower vines and greenery as he orders to Hixson. “Let her be! Get ready, Hixson!”
“I be ready….and Kodare’s mine. Don’t harm him, McCamy.” Hixson neck snaps his skull to sitting Kodare lounging inside the Pine wooden high back chair behind the wide wall of red Cedar tree trunks, raising his fist to Kodare while Kodare ignores the vile gesture.
“No prob. Watch Pemona for me as a favor to Rusk.” McCamy asks as he stares at the growling and drooling Riders on the opposite Cedar wall of the Platform floor.
“Done! Let’s kick some Rider fanny so’s I’s can whip Hico’s bee_hind before Daddy shows and I embarrass him for not doing my cowboy duty.” Hixson proposes as he grunts without fear as McCamy chuckles with humor.
“Muffin?” McCamy calls as he feels Tulu holding both her tiny finger pads onto his belt loops along with some of the pointy arrow tips stabbing his leather jacket without cutting into his back muscles.
“Here.” Tulu peaks in piccolo soprano.
“Okay, muffin. Just keep calling out so’s I know you’re behind me. I love you, Tulu.” McCamy confesses her heart and fears.
“I love you, McCamy.” Tulu repeats.
Hixson annoys as he chuckles. “Ah, precious.”
“Shut it, Hixson before I whip your…ass first…as my eyeballs encounter them Riders that I want to beat black and blue to relieve my penned up rage and angry.” McCamy threats then spits his mouth salvia at each of his brass prosthesis as Hixson chuckles with amusement.
Hico yells into the microphone. “Ready. Set. Die.”
Five Riders charge towards the four Bandits as they scatter into three groups. One Rider Gal targets single unprotected Pemona on the left side of the team as two Rider Gals dash after Hixson in the middle while the two Rider Guys race towards McCamy on the right side.
Pemona morphs her parasol into a steel white lead pipe in her left fighting hand as she guards her body using her right arm wearing the silver metal arm while Rider Gal swiftly runs into Pemona’s face as she twirls the twin twelve inched ropes ending in fire balls made of dead orange Coral snake skulls in the air then suddenly across Pemona’s chest.
Pemona back steps from the deadly swirl then angles her left arm in a 45-degree angle as the orange flames cross her face and successfully connect with the silver metal which covers in water while the wet tips of the fires dissolve into pink liquid, falling onto the wooden planks.
Pemona yells with victory, giggling. “Surprise, witch.”
Trapeze Artist draws her hands, quickly examining the blunted snake heads, threatening. “You’re dead, cowgirl.”
Pemona smiles at the promise as Trapeze Artist materials twin orange flash blades in both palms at Pemona’s skull while Pemona blocks with her metal arm and swings with the lead pipe at Rider’s skull in their hand-to-toe combat to the death.
Hixson stands upright like a solider as he shakes his blonde bangs back and forth when the Riders Gals split into two separate figures trying to surround him. Both the girls height at five feet and eleven inches which is almost six feet but lack the weight and the strength equal to a South Beach redneck as Hixson chuckles in baritone trombone then talks within hearing range. “My Mama taught me not to hit a girl.”
Tigress in completely colored white tiger mask and pretend sharp pointy fur spikes sneers then cries. “Your Mama sucks eggs.”
Hixson adjusts, cocking his skull sideways at Tigress. “But…on the other hand, my Mama taught me to defend the honor of all innocent people…bitch and that does not include you.”
The bouncing “Fat Lady” tosses her thickly padded body left then right while Hixson chuckles at her comedy act when she’s eleven inches near his face, he flips backwards, landing on his open palms then kicks both booted feet like a mule into her chest. Fat Lady stumbles backward into the approaching Tigress. Tigress slicks sideways avoiding the collision then she uses both arms and legs pumping oxygen into her muscles attacking directly at Hixson.
Hixson grabs Tigress with both hands intertwining his finger pads around her throat as she chokes. “Dang it! You’re good, sugar but I’m better.” He spins her around in a circle once, twice and thrice then releases her dizzy skull and partial horizontally flying body into the air. She slams into kneecaps of upright white Tigress then they both travel backwards, falling and tumbling over each other into a tangled web of yarn of limbs. Tigress stands as she looses her balance backwards then wraps her white paint around upright “Fat Lady” as they drop into the fusion plummeting into a cloud of white steam into the air waves.
Hixson trots to the edge, leaning over the fiery hole as he offers. “Hot enough there, sugar?” He boots spins eyeballing Kodare between the trees then face flips towards McCamy watching his friend fight against two Riders, calling. “McCamy?”
“NO!” McCamy hollers back in nasty baritone trombone as Hixson chuckles that McCamy going to kill them Riders while protecting Tulu without any Bandit’s assistance then Hixson body spins, strutting manly towards Kodare, chuckling.
McCamy crouches at kneecaps as he carefully watches the Rider Guys who split down the middle approaching from each blind side of McCamy’s vision as he feels the tug of Tulu’s tiny hands on his belt hoops and hears her tiny taps of her boots against the wood.
Lion has learned of the secret weapon of the “real” metal arm since he hesitates in his steps moving cautiously towards McCamy but the other Rider doesn’t seem to possess that given knowledge as the boy who paints as “bearded Man” from the freak Circus of yester years. The Rider shows dangling blades of razors made of dead squirrels painted with bite-nats which hang from his chin to belly button.
McCamy opens the tiny compartments within the metal arm hearing the mechanics of the tiny motors built into the metal rotate in the air, feeling the heated water stored inside the deep brass pouches and seeing bearded man approaching as McCamy grunts with his illegal surprise.
Bearded Man plays mind games as he charges at McCamy then jumps backwards twirling like batons his twin shiny blood red flash blades in each hand, laughing while McCamy patiently waits and hears the tiny taps of Tulu’s boots behind him.
Lion narrows his tawny eyespots as he focuses on petite Tulu behind McCamy while McCamy slices his eyeballs left then right for any surprise quick fight action, noting Lion has discovered Tulu as McCamy growls like a wounded animal.
Bearded Man lungs at McCamy’s left while McCamy draws the prosthesis arm upright vertically protecting his face from the whirling flash blades and zinging razor beard then slams horizontally the brass arm through the razors. The heated steam from the compartments quickly dissolves the bite-nats on the dead squirrels as the animals travel by gravity down to the planks. McCamy plows rage and angry into the metal as it slices the tiny mechanics blades into Rider’s chin and nostrils, breaking the nose and blacking two eye sockets.
Lion swiftly attacks, reaching for Tulu as she activates the arrow tips along her right arm then Lion roars with pain slamming his naked finger pads into the sharp needles. When McCamy swirls to his right, growling at injured Lion as he charges swinging both metal arms while Lion back steps towards the middle of the planks for safety.
One by one the butterflies cover her tea top hat in the pretty colors of red, yellow, and blue while Amita studies the TV devise, playing with the knobs then Vovina painfully pinches her earlobe scaring the group of insects getting Amita’s undivided attention. Vovina finger points with manicured red finger nails at the fighting teens, ordering. “Get it there, girlfriend. Fight with your kind…”
Amita swiftly slams the TV device against the approximate location of Vovina’s kneecaps hidden under the fancy ruffled tiered yellow ball gown since Amita quietly sits cross-legged upon the planks. Vovina bows her face like a peasant towards Amita’s body then Amita slams the TV devise into Vovina’s nose, breaking and spurting with blood on Amita, her dress, and planks when Amita giggles girly.
Vovina cups her nostrils with her hand, landing on her kneecaps dragging the blood across her nose as she grunts and growls at laughing Amita like a wounded animal as she blinks once, twice and thrice without passing out from the pain watching Amita stand upright upon leather laced boots. Then Vovina charges like a rhino wrapping bloody finger pads around Amita’s leg as they swiftly tumble and painfully land on the planks like a falling tree trunk.
Vovina’s folded fists fly left then right beating eyelashes as Amita flings her skull right then left from the deadly impacts of Vovina when Amita finally forcefully kicks with a kneecap into Vovina’s stomach muscles, sailing her tall body a few inches in the air landing on the floor upon Vovina’s back muscles.
Vovina twirls left from Amita’s foot stomp then she rises upon her kneecaps, growling loudly while attacking Amita while Amita flings right out of ways as Vovina stumbles in the air at nothing. Amita scoots back into the open space of the Platform for more leg room flying her lace boot kicking it right into Vovina’s face as she misses.
Inside the Fusion. Taffy eye burns the long path of surrounding limestone covered in white ash from the fiery fusion along the ceiling as her eyeballs drift to the middle level of yellow composed of the mixed cow spit and white ash then her eyelashes trail the pretty pink running along the bottom of the cave floor as she questions while holding Baycliff’s hand. “So? Tell me? How’s does Hico know about bite-nats, our cave, and us?”
Baycliff swings his hand back and forth while holding onto Taffy like they’re strolling in the park on Sunday afternoon as he concludes. “Vovina, she’s our so-called Superintendent. She might know or have learned of the bite-nats lore. Some of the old folk like to talk…ya know…just talk, not meaning to get us into trouble.”
“There’s a spy from South Beach working with Hico.” Taffy offers.
“Maybe. Old folks sing a tune about the bite-nats. They saw them soldiers years ago. They heard the War from their front porches. They just like to re-tell old War stories for entertainment keeping the small victory of hope. Vovina just guessed right that’s all and probably tattled to Hico who’s too arrogant to forget and very stupid to fight.” Baycliff neck snaps his skull to her, grinning. “…us.”
Taffy questions with confusion. “What’s up with Rusk?”
“Nothin’.” Baycliff pulls her closer to his body as they pad down the open corridor.
“Somethin’. He’s acts…diff from the usual Rusk.”
“The diff part is Pemona.” Baycliff names, chuckling at love-sick puppy Rusk.
“Pemona…” Taffy huffs musically.
“You sound jealous, Taffy pudding.” Baycliff teases since she once upon a time had two beaus to choose from within the hearts of Rusk and Baycliff. Since Amita’s unexpected return to Baycliff, he’s taken. While Pemona has touched a tender spot within Rusk’s delicate but complex personality which Taffy can’t reach.
“Her parents are dead.” Taffy blurts as she stops walking. “There...I told someone the truth.”
“Dead? When? We left them…” Baycliff turns to face her, questioning as he screws eyebrows, ugly.
“…alive. I saw Hico’s men kill them in cold-blood along with her sister Rochelle with their shotguns outside the house right before we escaped in the ATVs towards our farm lands.” Taffy confesses with a sad tone.
Baycliff presents duck lips, ugly as he swings his body toward the empty cave, offering. “I advise that you inform Rusk. Let him tell Pemona since he wears his heart on his T-shirt. You know that Taffy. He’s sensitive…”
“He wants to save McCamy even you think that’s diff.” Taffy explores.
“Naw. You and I and Rusk know that McCamy will kill every Rider in South Beach if one tries to harm Tulu using his last breathe.” Baycliff declares with a snort.
“Right there, Tulu’s safe.” Taffy nods her skull with agreement.
“And what about McCamy?” Baycliff debates, defending his buddy.
“What about McCamy?” Taffy questions with confusion.
“If’an…McCamy gets hurt…?” Baycliff theorizes finely.
“Someone hurt that snot-hole. Yeah, right?” Taffy exclaims loudly then snort unladylike as Mama will observe.
Baycliff suddenly stops and swings his face to her. “Their brothers. Their twins. Their bond is diff from a regular pair of siblings. You don’t seem overly concerned about Tulu.”
“McCamy!?” Taffy names then suddenly stops, dropping her eyelashes to the pink floor. She realizes that she has placed her sister Tulu in the safe and secure hands of McCamy’s protection…alone. He’ll save Tulu over himself for his love if that situation develops which will make Tulu, Rusk, Baycliff, and her sad since the Bandit teens and their parents are all part of her loving family in South Beach.
Baycliff gently places his index finger under her chin, lifting her face seeing his sweet smile as he softly orders. “Rusk is correct. Find the paint. Rescue McCamy.” Taffy smiles and bobs her skull as they turn and trot towards the open path then Baycliff suddenly stops while Taffy slams into his face and chest. He swiftly wraps biceps around her shoulders, dropping quickly both of them to the hard limestone, protecting Taffy. Steams of hot liquid bombard the path five feet from their entwined bodies as Baycliff covers Taffy’s skull with both hands.
The air hisses like a snake then quickly silences like outer space as Baycliff lifts his chin for a look-see scanning the raising smoke of white steam attacking the white ashes in the ceiling. Taffy raises her skull blinking her eyelashes once, twice and thrice from the wet droplets invading her eyeballs as she whispers. “What happened?”
“Old fashioned trap.” Baycliff growls with caution as he stands then assists Taffy. “Our Daddies have set up some annoying precautions for folks like Dictator Hico. That creates a big problem for us kids…” He pauses for drama, while commenting. “Since…I don’t know the secret passage to the bite-nats paint.” Taffy smashes her eyelashes upright, shaking her brown skull side to side without a clue, too.
Baycliff gingerly walks to the first statue on his left, squatting on ankles as he slowly reaches for the stone etched in the shape of a frog catching a fly with its long tongue when Taffy yells with terror. “Don’t...do not touch it, Baycliff. It’ll sear your hand.”
“Naw.” He hovers a hand over each bulged eyeball, feeling the heat, noting the heat has decreased. “Expanded heat.” Baycliff flips his face and narrows his eyelids, studying the path as far as his 20/15 vision can see, lecturing. “The properties of heat are Mother Nature’s awesome air condition and heating ventilation system. When heat expands, it builds up pressure. That pressure contains 300 PSI at 212 degrees Fahrenheit of hotness in the form of simple white steam so elegant… (chuckles)…that can sear and sever a human hand in three point seven seconds.”
“What’da we do now? My body can’t fight heated steam. Our technology doesn’t exist….” Taffy complains, feeling the defeat of their search for the paint cans without help from their parents who can’t be found in time while the Riders are beatin’ and bleedin’ on McCamy, Hixson, Pemona and Amita, not Tulu.
“But the knowledge exists.” Baycliff finger points to his temple representing his brain, grinning. “Our Daddies built this ziggurat if’an I can term it using their brain cells… (chuckles)….and their history books. In Mexico, eons ago the Aztecs trucked up a center structure called a ziggurat that rose to the Heavens for their one per month deadly offering of a single sacrifice. Here, this is similar to a flat construction of a similar ziggurat leading us the single offering, bite-nats. So simple but brilliant!” He smiles and finger points at the first statue, observing. “Look at the size of stones…as far as your eyes can perceive.”
Taffy bites her bottom lip, painfully as she studies the curved figures then names. “Frog on left, beetle on right, coiled snake on left, lizard on right, butterfly on right, bird on left, dog on left, cat on right, chicken on left, hog on right, horse on left, cow on right…” She pauses for drama, scanning the fuzzy stones. “I can’t make out the other stones.”
“You see the pattern. Froggies, they crawl like snakes. Birdies fly like butterflies. The statues are getting bigger just like walking up a stairs towards the Heavens towards the offering…bite-nats. And symbolic of something that I can’t figure out for the moment but I will. So, that means there’s a pattern to their madness.” Baycliff rotates his neck muscles from the center of the path towards the ceiling then down the left side as he scans the pink floor then he eye burns the right side of the cavern. He comments. “There’s a secret path way here….hidden from our brain cells but shown within our eyeballs.”
“Agreed. Okay. Let’s find it.” She jerks the jacket from her shoulders exposing her T-shirt, dropping to her kneecaps, dusting the jacket across the pink floor, explaining. “You hit upon a code of some type when you mentioned that frogs crawl like snakes on the dirt, not fly like birds.” Baycliff watches her wipe the floor like she’s cleaning up spilled milk on the kitchen floor then Taffy yells. “ ‘C’…there’s letter here etched upon this single stone is the C from the alphabet, Baycliff. ‘C’ represents crawl.”
“You’re awesome, Taffy.” Baycliff jumps into air, striking his fist in the empty air, smiling and chucking as he slams into Taffy’s upright body. They twirl in a circle, grinning and giggling like love birds then stop, staring into each other eyeballs. “Taffy…” baycliff softly names and swallows hardy, releasing her as he shifts his eyeballs down to the clean stones, noting. “There’s no other letters from the alphabet.”
Taffy softly comments. “Only the letter ‘C’ that’s the start of the pattern.”
Baycliff claps his hands, turning towards the start of the statues. “Okay! Let’s take this safe and quickly as possible.”
“Rusk?” Taffy names, neck snapping her skull behind her shoulders thinking about the second cave.
“I can read your mind. No time to get Rusk. I bet the north and west cave circle around and met based on the visual use of the limestone figures from the quarry pits probably inside the open caves. Rusk’ll find us. We’ll find the paint then we all…save McCamy.” Baycliff lectures and laughs as he swings Taffy into his chest towards the center of the looming structure as he explains. “Let’s find the letter ‘F’ for fly.”
Wooden Fighting Platform. Vovina slams her body into the vertical Cedar thick tree trunk avoiding Amita’s kick with the leather boot, pumping folded fists into the air at Amita’s face, striking cheekbones. Vovina ducks left as Amita’s right hook yields for the tree while Amita yells in pain. Vovina giggles, dancing her body right facing Hico, yelling with panic. “Help me, Hico.” Hico shifts his eyesight from the Bandit fight towards Vovina then motions with a single hand at Bumblebee to assist.
Tick and Flea direct points their shotguns at growling McCamy watching over the Bandit as Lion drags the unconscious and blooding Bearded Man over the rough un-even planks towards the Rider dugout. McCamy slices his eyeballs left and right, observing Hixson helping Pemona eliminate her Rider Gal while Amita beats the blood out of Vovina then he chuckles.
“Muffin.” McCamy calls.
“Here.” Tulu echoes in piccolo soprano.
“Get ready for round two.” McCamy announces since he likes to fight the bad guys. Tick has fling his skull behind his shoulder away from McCamy intriguing in Hixson while Flea rub necks his muscles watching over Lion like a guardian angel who tends the injured Rider.
McCamy charges like a rodeo bull, hearing the taps of boots behind him, holding both arms in the front of his face for protection then slams the metal down into the shotguns.

Hixson approaches from the blind spot of dancing pair of Pemona and Rider Gal then he quickly jerks the neck muscles of the petite Rider Gal, swinging her body toward his sour face, proposing. “Give it up, sugar before ya get hurt.”
“Naw.” Trapeze Artist covers in blood around her lips and nostrils from Pemona good accurate punches with the arm prosthesis.
“My favorite word but you ain’t my favorite girl. Good bye, Rider.” Hixson jabs her broken blade deeply into her heart, dropping the dead Trapeze Artist on the planks. He gallops towards Pemona who squats on her kneecaps, leaning against the TV screen, asking. “Ya hurt, cut, bleeding?” 
“Just sweating, she’s tough for a little thing.” Pemona compliments and complains at the same time with a slight smile.
Hixson offers with a smile. “Sit still. Rusk is coming back soon with the paint cans ending this silly game. You be safe…here.” He tenderly pats her forearm, crawls backwards on boots, uprights, swinging towards Kodare, chuckling as he rips the shirt on his left arm then mentally performs the think object: flash blade. The weapon swiftly materializes in view between his wrist and elbow.
Amita grabs Vovina’s left flinging arm at Hico, twirling her in a circle towards the wall of TV screens, knocking her skull in dizziness then Amita belts her right eye, blacking her eye socket as Vovina bends on kneecaps, dropping down the bumpy wall.
Bumblebee direct points the shotgun at Amita, rumbles in tenor saxophone. “Fight fair…or...”
“…not at all.” Hixson whispers softly into Bumblebee’s eardrum using the flash blade to cut the Adam’s apple in silence as Bumblebee gasps his last breathe of life, falling to the ground.
Amita nods her skull while smiling at Hixson then face flips to Vovina, dragging her unconscious but healthy body at the edge of the Platform away from the TV screens by ankles noting the thick bulge taped around Vovina’s bones. Amita lifts the evening gown, discovering the Lady gun tied in a precious yellow satin ribbon around her right foot, grinning as Amita unties the weapon and watches it drop to the planks. She pushes the gun on the wood up towards Vovina’s skull then gently touches the Pearl encased handle feeling the cool metal which fits perfectly into her smaller palm and long slender finger pads.
Amita slows the gun next to Vovina’s breast then flips the gun upright, positioning the short thick barrel on top of the heart covering the shiny silver of the barrel with the yellow ruffles as she pulls the trigger which quietly enters Vovina, stopping her heart as Vovina’s eyeballs study the stars.
Amita grins and giggles with delight jerking the extra bullets from Vovina’s other ankle tied in a yellow ribbon then slides the gun and bullets into her little bite-nats purse then stands over dead Vovina neck snapping her eyelashes to the war between Hixson and Kodare in the middle of the Platform. She scoots her body towards the wall of TV, resting and giggling.
Inside the Fusion within the Cavern. Baycliff squats on the stones, reading the twelve inches of letters covering each cut stone from left to right. “P, M, D, F, C, Z. The correct stone is ‘M’ for man’s best friend.”
“No, Baycliff. ‘P’ for pets. The dog and cat are represented as pets…”
“Naw, Taffy. A long time ago…now, the pets are used for working with man making them our best friends.” Baycliff debates finely.
“No, Baycliff. Press the ‘P’ with your hands.”
“Naw, Taffy.” Baycliff argues as Taffy reaches towards the letter ‘P’ as he yanks her hand to his chest.
Taffy jerks her hand from Baycliff’s light grip and orders. “We don’t have time for a debating session. Then, you slap the ‘P’…Baycliff.”
“If’an you’re wrong.” Baycliff concerns, staring at the stone with the letter ‘M’.
“I ain’t wrong, buddy. I’m been right so far.” Taffy giggles and corrects.
Baycliff stands, presenting duck lips, ugly glancing back at the first set of statues, complaining. “We only traveled about 40 feet… (flips his face forward)….with about another 100 feet to go…along with more statues…safely. I can see an archway in the distance.”
“We should make a run for it…like crooks did in the olden days of the ancient US government when they stole something of value.” Taffy teases and giggles.
“Naw, Taffy. The expanded heat will fry our feet.”
Taffy kicks the boots at the pink floor as flakes float into the breezy air then fall back down. “Cowboy gear is tough and rough…like…you, snot-hole.” She flirts, giggling.
“No, Taffy.” Baycliff whispers softly, pulling her closer to him.
“Okay. We don’t run then press the letter ‘P’.” Taffy suggests sweetly as Baycliff sighs then breathes deeply, staring at her. “What’s the wrong, Baycliff? Press a letter if’an not the right one, we press a second letter.”
“This is pretty good trap with deadly consequences just like when the Egyptians prevented thieves from robbing their pharaoh’s chambers creating slick tricks to kill the folks. We are looking at the same theory but created by our Daddies.” Baycliff theorizes with seriousness.
“You ponder too deeply, Baycliff. I’ll touch the stone.”
“No, Taffy.” Baycliff charges, grabbing and pulling her hand into his chest. “I’ll do it. Please…”
Taffy smashes eyelashes upright, dropping her jaw as she softly words. “Please…you are serious…”
Baycliff finger points towards the beginning of the statues, ordering. “Slip back out of the ziggurat while I touch the stone…”
“No, Baycliff. We’re a team. The team does team things together. Period.” Taffy dictates and stomps her boots.
“Alright.” Baycliff nods his skull then commands, hugging Taffy close to his chest as he raises his boot. “Letter P for pets.” He stomps the stone when heated steam squirts heavily from the open mouths of the dog and cat directly at their kneecaps as Baycliff yells. “Wrong. Move back!”
Baycliff pushes Taffy out of the way then swings his body watching her dance in more steam which comes from the open mouths of the rear limestone statues behind them. He jerks Taffy into his arms, lifting and hauling like a bale of hay over his shoulders as he dances through the white heated steam at super human speed pathing back to the clear floor. He bends at kneecaps, jumping the last three feet sailing both of them out of the steam into safe ground as he rolls sideways landing on side left shoulder protecting Taffy over his right shoulder until he stops traveling as he sighs and breathes in pain then whispers. “Honey bell…”
Baycliff slides his legs straight as Taffy tumbles into his arms then he cuddles her into his chest, whispering. “Honey bell…are you okay, Taffy?”
Taffy blinks wet eyelashes with moisture and tears once, twice then thrice, talking softly. “What are we going to do, Baycliff?”
“Win.” Baycliff smiles then flips face towards the flat structure containing the limestone statues as the smoke dissipates into the ceiling as he watches the white evaporates, thinking with his IQ then words with a smile. “Heat rises.” He neck snaps his face to Taffy and repeats. “Heat rises once it has been released into the atmosphere. Well, scientifically, the expanded heat is stretched breaking down the molecules so the hot molecules go up to the closet ceiling or…,” he touches the limestone, observing. “The limestone floor is cool because our Daddies have channeled the heat and water from the fusion creating this lovely amusement park for strangers.” He chuckles then continues.
“How do you know so much about our Daddies and our Daddies’ former work? Daddy or Mama didn’t share that with me.” Taffy questions while screwing her eyebrows, ugly.
Baycliff eye burns the limestone wall, confessing. “Daddy likes to talk about the old days. He’s a former chemical engineering being able to funnel the stream into a…weapon. Your Daddy’s a mechanic engineering, building the ditches under the limestone and I bet he curved the statues for fun or some type of vicious entertainment….(chuckles)…Ebro is a DNA geneticist messing around with life molecules. He created bite-nats…until the government stole it…creating...”
“Dictator Hico.”
“Hico ain’t our Daddies but we are. So….the steam from the fusion flows down the tunnels channeling into the little limestone curved rocks. That’s creates a path of the heat which can be measured using instruments or…your hands.” Baycliff smiles as he wiggles five finger pads since his other hand cuddles Taffy into his lap then commands. “Let’s crawl over the stones and test my theory.”
Taffy shifts out of his lap as they kneecap upright while Taffy sees the torn Navy blue jacket exposing the red swelling and developing blistering burn marks on Baycliff’s biceps, touching gently the wound with her finger pads. “You’re hurt, Baycliff.” She frowns at his face.
“I’ll heal.” He slurs with a chuckle as they kneecap crawl towards the first set of statues of frog and snake.
“You saved me, Baycliff.” She smiles at his face.
“I did.” He slurs with a chuckle as they stop at the first set of embedded stones. Baycliff hovers his right hand over the first stone for a few seconds, feeling any remnants of raising heat then moves his hand over the next stone until he finishes his inspection, talking. “They’re cold. Daddy must’ve built a flap that contains the heat after it’s been expanded for a safety precaution.”
“Why would our Daddies do that?”
“For us, someone has to inherit this ziggurat while protecting the bite-nats from evil villains. Believe it or not, no body lives forever.” Baycliff sits upright on his kneecaps, scratching his dusty whiskers, pondering. “So, knowing my Daddy, your Daddy and Ebro, the safety flaps cut off the heated steam from here to where we triggered it just correcting for our exact mistaken…pressing the wrong letter. Therefore, our previous work is saved. We don’t have to repress the letters just walk back to the dog statute.”
“Okay.” Taffy whisper softly.
Baycliff hugs her to his face, offering. “I can do this alone.”
“You and I will do this together.” Baycliff smiles, standing as he assists Taffy up as they pad to the dog statue and kneel.
Baycliff hovers his hand over the letter ‘P’ feeling the coolness of the limestone, asking. “It’s cool. What do you think?”
Taffy touches with her finger pads the stone. “Yeah, cold!”
“Move your hand along the other stones then tell me what you feel so I can measure our responses.” Baycliff orders, knee crawling to the next stone, hovering his hand collecting his results in silence as Taffy follows his exact process. “The letter is ‘M’ is clearly heated based on my fingers. Its the correct stone.”
“I should’ve listened to you.” Taffy surrenders.
“We didn’t know but we do now. Let’s proceed and finish this and save McCamy.” Baycliff chuckles as they knee crawl to the next set of statues consisting of chicken on left and hog on right. He hovers and studies his open palm over each stone then decides. “ ‘F’ for farm animals.”
Taffy glides her neck muscles side to side with disagreement. “I feel more hotness from the letter ‘S’ for survival because we eat chickens and hogs.”
Baycliff presents duck lips, ugly studying both letters then slides his hand over the letter ‘S’ and comments. “I can feel heat but the ‘F’ letter is a tiny bit more heated.”
“I disagree. The ‘S’ is slightly more heated. How do we decide which letter is correct?” Taffy surrenders, eye burning the wall with disappointment and fear as McCamy battles the Riders for his life and Tulu’s.
“Feet.” Baycliff calls.
Taffy yells. “Fake! This isn’t fake, Baycliff. It’s real and really happening to us.”
“F.E.E.T. We use our feet with over 7,200 sensory nerves to detect cold, heat and touch as compared to our hands. My hands are hardened and calloused making my finger pads difficult to identify slight heat to tiny heat. We use our feet to determine the correct stone. Pull off your boots…” Baycliff sits on his bee_hind, jerking his right cowboy boot off then hovers and steadies his entire foot pad over the stone labeled ‘F’ as he tosses his skull backwards like he’s sun tanning without the sun, sand and water. Taffy giggles and follows his lead, striping her boots off hovering her wiggling toes and sole pad over the first stone scooting down her bee_hind to the end.
Taffy stands and announces. “ ‘S’.”
Baycliff stands beside her. “ ‘S’. We agree. This is much easy and will move quickly as long as we don’t butt-crawl our asses all over the stones. I’ll lift you over each stone then you press the hottest one…”
“Me?” Taffy mice-squeaks with fear. “I picked the wrong one.”
“We didn’t have a method. We were guessing, Taffy. We have a great method use your sensitive toe bones. Looky, I hold you over each stone…”
“I might get it wrong.” Taffy whispers feeling so lost and worried even in Baycliff’s biceps.
Baycliff hugs closetly her body then encourages with a smile. “You’ll get it right. Let’s practice our new technique.” He paces backwards as Taffy stands in front of his chest then Baycliff jerks the torn Navy blue jacket from his shoulders folding at his waist gathering their cowboy boots wrapping inside the jacket then hands off to Taffy and warns. “Need my boots.” Taffy giggles accepting the stinky gift wrapping her arms around the covered boots like a baby. Baycliff flexes biceps lifting Taffy by her armpits clearing her feet from the limestone then scoots to the letter ‘S’.
He drops Taffy touching the stone as nothing happens to either of them, smiling at her as she giggles. He flexes his biceps lifting her upward into his chest, whispering. “You’re right for me, Taffy...” They advance to the next set of scribbled stones.
Wooden Fighting Platform. Amita quietly sits her bee_hind with bend kneecaps playing with the TV device double checking the loaded Lady gun’s outline into her purse for protection and security since Baycliff isn’t here to protect. She flips her face to study Dictator Hico who interests in the Riders attacking the Bandits. He doesn’t seem to care that his body guards are missing consisting of dead Bumblebee by Hixson while Ant, Wasp, and Beetle have left the Platform after surrendering their boots to Taffy, Baycliff and Rusk leaving only Tick and Flea who have messed with the wrong snot-hole.
Amita entertainingly watches as Hixson beats bone and guts from Kodare who’s an old male compared to the young cowboy of South Beach but takes a good beatin’ as he bloods over Hixson’s fists while Amita giggles girly.
Amita doesn’t care for the new Bandit named Pemona but she has performed a good show with her metal and bite-nats weapons until Hixson came along like a wickedly spider and killed the Rider Gal as the dead body lies on the wood blooding between the planks.
The shotguns fly across the air in opposite directions as McCamy yells. “Grab the guns, Muffin. Dump them into the water.” He feels the release of the belt loops as Tulu taps loudly towards his right, grabbing the long shotgun then twirls her body towards his left, bouncing to the second shotgun then McCamy doesn’t hear Tulu’s boots as he slams right with metal, cutting Flea’s earlobe and shoving his tall body to the wood.
McCamy gracefully twirls on his right boot as his right fighting arm leads while swiftly tucking his left arm into his waist like a dancer spinning into a complete circle free of Tulu’s weight whipping his right prosthesis into Tick’s skull hearing the bones from jaw line, nose and cheekbones crack with a lovely sound. Following through his elegant dance plowing the left metal arm into Tick’s chest downing the male towards the floor as Tick stumbles backward, landing on back muscles blooding between the planks.
Flea uprights, shaking blood and loose teeth in the air, grunting and growling as his eyeballs focus on McCamy then charges like a rhino pumping fists striking air. McCamy concerns more seeing Lion slamming his fists against each knuckles galloping towards him when McCamy leaps, kitten-like at the legs of Flea as they slam their bodies on the wood then McCamy beats an open and bloody hole into his skull with his right fist.
Hixson pops Kodare’s jaw with a left hook as Kodare glides towards the Cedar wall of tree trunks while new Rider wears a bite-nats mask of Fox attacks Hixson with twin flash blades. Hixson swing his body toward the sneaky Fox grabbing the wrists holding the blades from his face as Amita watches and Pemona stumbles upwards from her resting position, while galloping towards Hixson into the Rider’s fight.
McCamy trots in the direction of Hixson leaving Tulu safely by the wooden railing as Lion turns left following the encounter with McCamy for the intersection of death.
Hixson holds tight as he kicks boots at the legs of Fox as sly Fox trots backwards keeping the pose trying to cut Hixson’s eyeball with the sharp point then Pemona two-fisted slams the bite-nats lead pipe into Fox’s left rib cage as Fox crumbles in pain. Fox swiftly back steps from the folded fist while Hixson misses, laughing.
Fox recovers quickly standing then quickly leaps, T-rex sailing low like a bird towards the shotgun belonging to dead Bumblebee as Hixson swings sideways kicking the Rider’s rib cage as he misses hitting instead his boots. Fox glides sideways then rolls like a log backwards toward Hixson as he slings stinging rounded rocks tinted with tiny razors at Hixson’s chest and skull.
Hixson twists his shoulders into the small weapons protecting his face as he gallops to Pemona covering her delicate body when Fox stands and pulls a set of hand spears from waist pouch then launches one in the air targeting and hitting Hixson’s back muscles. Pemona flips Hixson around jerks painfully the squirrel-spear from his flesh as he kneecaps to the wood then Fox rushes towards fallen Hixson for the kill as Pemona stands to fight and protect Hixson.
Lion suddenly stops, twisting his skull towards the lonely Tulu then neck snaps his face to McCamy smiling while McCamy slows his pace observing Lion’s odd behavior as he follows Lion’s twirling body pathing towards Tulu, not him.
“Sorry, Rusk.” McCamy softly whispers, swinging his body towards Tulu for the rescue of his girl from Lion while Fox viciously pierces Pemona in her abdomen with the hand-spear as she falls onto the planks, blooding. Hixson stands and stabs the flash blade into Fox’s eyeball.
Cavern. Baycliff slams and locks the beaten and worn dull green painted metal hatch door of the small two-seater transport after he and Taffy have loaded sixteen cans of bite-nats in the front compartment for Hico, leaning against the home-made rocket ship without legs or wheels attached to the amusement park one-directional old Choo-Choo train railing leading upward to the top of the fusion located inside the Platform. He comments. “Thought we’d find an old amusement park with spinning cups, water slides, and dare devil vertical riders not some rusted-out military missile converted into a bad Earth space ship.”
“Be thankful for the find of the bite-nats…,” Taffy turns towards the rocket ship, worrying. “It will fly, right?”
Baycliff nods his skull with silence approval, remarking. “Not much of cooking oven to bake the bite-nats materials.” He chuckles, commenting slurry. “Looks like a bunch of retarded Boy Scouts forget how to camp…no wood, no fire and no marsh mellows.” He chuckles loudly.
The camp site contains three imperfect square-shaped holes dug out into the limestone wall. One holes steam emitting from the bottom of the opening cooking the mixed ingredients of gnats and colored bacterium paint creating new cans. The second hole is hollow for cooling the heated newly bite-nats paint while the three opening stores all the existing paint cans.
Taffy and Baycliff have packed sixteen cans of the twenty for Hico to keep for his evil personal purposes hoping he’ll leave South Beach without more blood shed.
Taffy swings her face towards the connecting cave from the northwest since Baycliff is correct that the two caves do meet in the middle minus Rusk’s face, demanding. “We find Rusk…”
“We leave Rusk…” Baycliff counters as he flips his arms opening the side hatch for Taffy to enter, commanding. “Get inside, Taffy.”
Taffy neck snaps her skull, yelling. “He’s lost…”
“He’s fine. Get inside, Taffy. We need to deliver the prize to Hico before McCamy kills all the Riders missing me some fun. I like wasting time with ya, honey bell but…” Baycliff empties then sees Rusk stumble around the corner holding his abdomen and names. “Rusk, about time buddy.”
Rusk tumbles into Taffy’s open arms as they fall on the pink floor while Baycliff gallops to assist, kneeling over his friend, inquiring. “Rusk, what’s wrong buddy. Are ya hurt? Did you encounter a Rider…deep down here?” Baycliff neck snaps his skull towards the empty cave narrowing his eyelids for any quick movements.
Taffy yells into Rusk’s face with worry as she stripes the sweaty wool jacket from his sweaty body. “Rusk, are ya blooding? Where’s the cut?” She probes and pokes over his naked chest, touching his biceps and face, checking for bruises and wounds then she screws her eyebrows, ugly as she flips her face to Baycliff. “I don’t see any wounds…but Rusk is hot sweaty and definitely in pain. Could he be poisoned from the air molecules?”
Baycliff slices his eyelids side to side carefully examining Rusk while noting the same symptoms reported by Taffy of sweating and intense pain as Rusk holds both hands to his gut then Rusk names. “Pemona.”
Taffy answers quickly with worry. “She’s safe, Rusk. Hixson, and McCamy protects her.”
Baycliff screws his eyebrows, ugly as he studies Rusk then lowers his chin into Rusk’s sweaty face, while Baycliff whispers her name. “Pemona?” Rusk whispers a few secret words like a set of butterfly wings then Baycliff swiftly jerks his skull upright and quickly kneecaps on legs, shoving his hands and arms under Rusk’s body. “We leave…now Taffy. Get in rear and hold Rusk.” He violently jerks Rusk pitching him over his shoulders then calls. “Now, Taffy.”
Taffy shifts her booted feet ahead, entering the rear seat as Baycliff parks Rusk between her shoulders, ordering. “Hold him tight! I don’t know how rough the ride’s going to be but we’re exiting the fusion, landing I hope on top of Hico.” Baycliff flexes biceps jumping like a kangaroo into the front seat as he punches buttons and flips switches. The rocket ship made of old military missile of green paint smoothly closes the cockpit canopy over Taffy, Rusk and Baycliff as the after burns ignite then the rocket sails upwards towards the Heavens leaving a couple of stomachs behind.
The rocket growl loudly then zings upward creeping out the fusion as it plows literally the planks of wood upward then burning them into ciders from the heated after burns as the short ride ends with a jolt towards the earth imploring the safety air bags around Taffy, Rusk, and Baycliff, protecting their flesh and blood bodies.
McCamy charges at Lion’s leg then flips the beaten and bloody body over his shoulders as McCamy rushes towards the wood railing as he drops Lion across the weak wood watching both Lion and half the railing fall out of his eyesight. “No one touches my girl. Period.” He hears the sound of thunder roar from the fusion while he soars towards Tulu covering her with his body for protection.
Hico witnesses the rocket ship leap like a frog from fusion then flaps on its belly like a whale displacing the planks of wood then he stands and exits through the opening not wanting to see who visits the Platform. Amita watches the rocket land then feels Hico rush passed her as she stands running out the opening of the Platform after Hico as the overhead stadium lights flicker off then on then the TV screens go static, black then blank.
Hixson leans his shoulders against the Cedar wall of TV screens, holding Pemona between his chest, tying and pressing his shirt around her gut as she bloods and moans from pain after he jerks the hand spear from her flesh.
Baycliff jerks the canopy of the rocket ship, exposing his skull to the world then leaps out of the ship as McCamy and Tulu gallops towards Baycliff. Baycliff searches and locates Hixson, seeing Pemona in his arms then he orders. “Stand, Taffy! Help me get Rusk out the ship.” McCamy stands on the opposite side dropping his jaw then shoving his hands under Rusk as Baycliff lifts Rusk over the hatch, tattling. “Pemona is with Hixson near the Cedar wall. She’s hurt.”
“Rusk.” McCamy whispers, ensuring Baycliff holds Rusk securely into his chest then he grabs Tulu’s hand as they race beside Baycliff holding Rusk along with Taffy.
Huntress Game. Baycliff props Rusk upright leaning his shoulders against the rough Cedar wall as McCamy gallops to dead Bumblebee ripping the jacket and shirt from his chest. Hixson observes and screws his eyebrows, ugly. “Rusk gots hurt, too?”
“No.” Baycliff answers while McCamy places the twisted real fabric against Rusk’s skull and shoulders then Baycliff scoots the semi-conscious Pemona into Rusk’s arms. She props her skull against Rusk’s shoulders as she quietly lies between his chest blinking her eyelashes open then shut as Baycliff names. “Pemona.”
“Yes.” Pemona barely breathes since the spear bloods her body dry, dying in Rusk’s arms.
Baycliff swallows hardy while eye burning Rusk’s sweaty face when Taffy hollers. “What’s happening to Rusk? He’s not injured. I can’t find any blood.”
Baycliff explains since McCamy holds tears in his eyeballs looking at Rusk as the teens kneecap and gather around the lounging couple of Rusk and Pemona. “Pemona has been injured by the Rider. She…cannot be saved.”
Taffy whispers into Baycliff’s eardrum, digging her finger nails into his bicep. “And Rusk?”
Baycliff educates. “Rusk and Pemona have exchanged their blood molecules using the bite-nats paint at Fowler’s Farm. The blood exchange is binding nothing can reverse the process. Since Pemona has been fatally injured to her abdomen, Rusk is bleeding internal within his organs just like her. We can’t see the wound but he’s dying. They…are both dying. We can’t stop it.”
“NO!” Tulu yells as McCamy huddles her into his chest holding his tears staring at his dying brother.
Baycliff continues. “Bite-nats carries healing properties when used on folks for wound with awesome recuperating…almost immediately. The bad risk for any person is that if the external or internal injury is too severe…too bad, the person dies.” He pauses clearing his throat of mucus, wiping the tears from his eyeballs as he lectures. “Pemona’s wound is too severe she can’t be saved by an entire can of bite-nats.” Baycliff turns his face to see the teens. “We got cans of bite-nats in the ship.” He twists his skull to McCamy. “The paint can save Rusk…but…”
Tulu neck snaps her skull to McCamy whispering with wet tears rolling down her face. “Save Rusk.”
McCamy whispers into her face. “It’s a sexual bondage, muffin.”
Tulu understands then swings her face to Taffy, demanding. “Taffy, you can save Rusk’s life with the bite-nats paint cans that you and Baycliff brought from the fusion. Instruct her, McCamy.”
McCamy explains between the pain of loss and hope of love. “Cut his arm, mix his blood with bite-nats then cut our arm and add both of ya’ll’s blood…together. Rusk will live.”
“Pemona?” Rusk names like a set of butterfly wings hearing the tense chat about him and the bite-nats pain while not able to participate as Baycliff leans into his face whispering with secret words.
“See how easy that is, Taffy. Save Rusk.” Tulu dictates, struggling inside McCamy’s biceps.
Amita stands and observes behind McCamy’s back muscles, sneering with nasty words. “She won’t. She’s afraid. She’s scared…”
Tulu injects over Amita’s banter. “Save him, Taffy. You love him. Ya’ll marry. Save Rusk…please….”
Rusk whispers in puffs of breathe. “Not your choice, Taffy.”
McCamy leans into his twin’s face, releasing tears as he names. “Rusk?”
Rusk barely words. “Not your choice, bro.” Then he smirks with a small crook of his top lip then violently cringes in pain as he wraps his weak biceps around his unconscious girl. “I choose Pemona.”
Taffy leans into Rusk’s left eardrum and offers freely. “I can save your life, Rusk. I will do that, please let me…”
“Live happily in the after life, bye Rusk.” Amita ends with a loud soprano then giggles like a silly kid as Baycliff shifts Taffy from his biceps, standing with fury and angry which is written over his face as he viciously jerks Amita’s body by her shoulder blades  from the mourning teens backwards towards the rocket ship then Baycliff holds Amita against his chest and.
Baycliff names with sweetness into her right eardrum. “Amita, please.”
Rusk barely words in her face. “Taffy, me and you diff….,” Taffy nods her skull once for the silence acknowledgement.
Tulu roughly tugs on Taffy’s left forearm while she cries wet tears and issue Captain’s orders. “Save Rusk, Taffy.” Tulu turns her face towards McCamy, ordering. “Tell her McCamy to mix her blood with Rusk’s and save him.” Rusk nods his skull gently side to side with a negative reaction as he chin drops his face into Pemona’s face, whispering as she stirs while Tulu continues. “Ya hear me. Cut his arm and save Rusk, Taffy! You can mix your blood with his blood. Ya’ll’s can do this, together…Taffy.”
Baycliff hugs her tightly then pulls away to help Rusk and McCamy who are his childhood friends and pseudo-bros while Amita yells to the mourning teens “She’s too selfish? Save yourself, right, Plan Mistress. Ya scarified me, didn’t ya, Taffy?”
“No, Amita.” Taffy returns back.
Rusk bares words. “Not your choice, Taffy. I choose Pemona. We bonded.”
“Rusk?” Taffy names as tears rolls down her cheeks.
“I love her and won’t to be with her…forever.” Rusk smiles a sweet grin while cutting his eyelids to Pemona who dies upon his chest from their shared internal injuries and shared bite-nats promise. Pemona looks so pretty and peaceful sleeping to her death while realizing he made the perfect choice for life mate even if they will share their joy in Heaven always watching over his twin McCamy and his favored earth girl Taffy.
Rusk flips his eyelids to Taffy, smiling at her while chuckling away the pain in his gut while Taffy name. “Rusk?” Tears rolls down her cheeks.
Amita cat calls by the rocket ship since Baycliff ordered her there. “Yes, Amita. You sent me to hell, while you flowered in paradise with my man....my guy…my future husband. His name is Baycliff…the bay by the cliffs…”
“Amita, please.” Baycliff swings his body and persuades with little result then body spins while trotting to the teens.
Amita shouts and dances side to side like a silly kid at the teens with her real story of pain and suffering inside the dark Silo for a year. “Taffy, Taffy, Taffy…that’s all I hear.”
“Save Rusk, Taffy.” Tulu cries and whines like a child, while tapping on Taffy’s arm as she struggles in McCamy’s biceps while Baycliff stops for a second time and body spins to Amita.
“Amita, please, stand over there.” Baycliff finger points at the rocket ship while leaving Amita alone then he kneecaps between McCamy and Taffy.
Baycliff man-pulls Taffy from Rusk, knowing that Rusk loves Pemona and will die with her as they ascend into Heaven together then Jesus will marry them as he lightly chuckles at their very everlasting happy ending. He wraps his biceps tightly around Taffy trying to comfort her sobs and tears then neck snap his skull to view Amita who paces like a caged lioness back and forth in front of the dead rocket ship, pondering her problem. Then, Baycliff sees the approaching wings of a beautiful pair of yellow Swallow-tailed butterflies riding the air currents of the heated wind towards the patch of sweet purple and pink thistle bushes for food near the sparkling creek stream passed the dangerous Platform, smiling at the little treasures of Earth.
“Rusk, please.” Taffy insists trying to persuade Rusk to live here on Earth then the alternative while Rusk weakly closes both his eyelids and barely moves his chin side to side with a negative response as Baycliff caringly shifts her body into his chest then whispers soft secret words into her left eardrum as Taffy stills and quiets.
The two butterflies gracefully circle over the paired love couple of Tulu who’s buried inside McCamy’s chest looking like one black blob of bite-nats paint. Then, the gentle pair of winged insects buzzes around the paired skulls of Baycliff and Taffy who hug in a tight embrace while they exchange soft secrets words. Finally, the pair of yellow wings elegantly flutters around the sweaty eyebrows of Rusk and Pemona for….1 seconds. 2 seconds. 3 seconds. They finish their assignment then gently zoom from the teens floating towards the red cedar logs.
Baycliff leans heavily into McCamy’s face, offering. “I’ll get your Daddy, McCamy.” He releases Taffy who hugs her chest and floods her face and chest with many gallons of wet tears melting away the bite-nats sleeves of her yellow jacket then Baycliff stands, body spinning towards the Platform opening and seeking Ebro before the end comes for both Rusk and Pemona.
“Bro.” Rusk whispers as McCamy leans into his face, listening. “Miss you, bro, take care of our Tulu.” Rusk winks his eyelid, right at Tulu as she cries heavy more wet hot tears into her red swollen face inside McCamy’s biceps then Rusk whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Hixson…” Hixson invades Rusk’s space, listening as Rusk declares. “Leave ya, my favorite stallion. Taffy…”
“Rusk?” Taffy names as tears flow down her face, touching his collar and hearing his last spoken words to her on Earth, forever…no more while she gags the sobs and tears.
Rusk smirks with a set of crooked pale lips, left and whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Miss ya… the most, Plan Mistress.”
“Rusk?” Taffy names as wet tears flow down her cheekbones, hears the heavy footpads, cutting her eyeballs to Baycliff leading Ebro into the Platform then slides her body out of the way so Ebro can talk to his son for the very last time.
Ebro passes Baycliff, heading towards the huddle of teens, and views in both shock and joy at his pale-faced son, understanding that Rusk is dying of the fatal bite-nats blood exchange, kneeling in place of Taffy, and names bravely. “Rusk!?”
Rusk whispers softly looking into his Dad’s sad blue eyes. “Daddy…meet Pemona.”
Ebro holds her cold hands with both his warm palms, while whispering into her face as her eyelashes flutter slightly open. “Pemona, a beautiful name for a beautiful Southern Belle, welcome to our family.” He words preciously as he sobs between the gathered tears while Pemona smirks slightly on her pale lips against Rusk’s chest then he neck snaps his skull and cherishes, foreverly. “Son.”
Rusk is fading fast. “See ya in Heaven…long time from…now, Daddy.” Rusk smiles and talks weakly. “Tell Mama…‘hi’ for ya.”
Ebro rumbles in his baritone trombone, smiling boldly at the sweet thoughts of his wife and his son together again. “You do that. I love ya, Rusk.” The tears flood his arms and cheekbones as he hugs both his boy and his new pseudo daughter-in-law who both will be greatly happy in Heaven after finding each other on Earth.
“EBRO.” Visible body from baritone tuba sounds from the opening of the Platform.
“Daddy, get them…vile people off….our land…” Rusk sums his last request between the weak huffs and puffs of musical breathes as Ebro hugs him for the very last time then stands and admires the faces of the brave teens that fought and both lost and won against Director Hico.
“Done, Rusk!” Ebro promises then twists his face to Thelee and Thelee’s shotgun in his right shooting hand then body spins and races to end the job that Director Hico has started with South Beach farmers.
“Baycliff…” Rusk whispers.
Baycliff leans into Rusk’s face, offering and smiling. “Rusk! Fare thee well, my young bro. We’ll not meet again for a very, very long period of time….but we will. I promise.” He grins with a toothy smile and fist-bumps lightly against Rusk’s resting hand.
Rusk advices wisely, knowing the truth between the young couple as he sweet breathes into Baycliff’s face. “Baycliff…don’t lose her…too.” Baycliff pulls back, standing from the crouch and studying Rusk’s face then face flips towards Taffy as she stares at Baycliff then she smiles sweetly.
“Now…I lay me down to sleep….” Rusk softly starts then suddenly stops and kisses his index finger with his own blue lips then slowly lowers his wet finger and gently touches her blue lips with his everlasting kiss shifting his two finger pads to tenderly pat Pemona’s soft hair with the last ounce of his strength. Rusk slowly lifts his skull and blinks both his eyelids wide open and sees red swollen face Taffy and sings in baritone trombone. “I…,”voicing musically with the teens singing the Children’s Prayer together. “….pray the Lord my Soul to keep. If I shall die before I wake. I pray my Soul the Lord to take…” Rusk gently lays his chin upon Pemona’s brown hair, closing his eyelids, and breathing his last breath...foreverly.
“Amen.” McCamy softly ends with tears dropping from his eyeballs, holding tightly Tulu inside his chest, laying his chin upon her honeysuckle hair and sobbing for his twin.
“ME!” Amita yells, galloping from the rocket ship to the teen huddle in both angry and fury for being ignored, again.
“AMITA…” Baycliff swings his skull at the familiar alto clarinet while all the teens see the immediate impeding danger. Taffy violently jerks Tulu from McCamy’s safe arms whispering secret words into her right eardrum. While both Hixson and McCamy swiftly stand from the planks, seeing the same movement as angry Amita rushes towards them with the concealed Lady pistol in her right hand.
Baycliff races to intersect Amita before she causes more trouble with the teens then she shoots the gun. POW! The thick meat of Baycliff’s upper thigh gets hit with a single small but a powerful impact of the bullet missing his vitally important organs and lots of his major blood vessels. Baycliff swiftly collapses onto his kneecaps then painfully flattens and hits on his rib cage and chest upon the wooden planks, cursing at Amita as Taffy gallops toward Baycliff for love, protection, and attention to his gun shot wound.
“Does that hurt, honey bell?” Amita suddenly stops, laughing wildly, and drools mouth salvia from her red lips like a rabid dog.
Hixson dashes diagonally on the left of Amita while McCamy runs on her right trying to contain her odd strange behavior then Hixson lectures, arriving before McCamy about two feet from the crazy female and hollers. “Give me the dang gun, Amita before I whip your fanny, little….,”
POW! Amita shoots Hixson directly into his face as he steps closer to her then his body stumbles and tumbles backwards while falling directly into the open hole of the fusion with a giant puff of steam forming in the air waves. She quickly swings the Lady pistol, firing and hitting the upper meaty leg muscle of McCamy as he steps his body in front of Taffy protects her from the intended bullet. McCamy falls beside injured Baycliff, cursing and growling like a wild tiger.
“AMITA.” Baycliff names, while pulling his bloody body unsuccessfully across the hard wood, and cringing with big time pain.
“See…I’m a cowgirl, too. I can shoot, saddle, and spit…just like Taffy pudding.” Amita calls out, waving the gun side to side like a crawling snake.
Taffy mentally performs the think object: flash blade while producing one inside her fighting hand, standing slowly from the hard planks to defend her friends and family against crazy Amita. “ ‘Course, ya can, honey bell.”
“AMITA.” Baycliff names as he cringes in pain along side cursing McCamy as they both dress their wounds in which not too serious enough for a bleed-out but stings like a swarm of attacking wasps.
Amita raises the pistol at rushing Taffy chanting in crazy words. “My man. My man. You took everything from me….Taffy pudding.”
“Amita.” Baycliff names. “You’re mad at me, not Taffy. Let’s talk.”
“No talk. No walk. No nothing. I gots nothing. No family. No farm. No future…” Amita cries wet tears direct pointing the Lady pistol at whirling Taffy. “Dead. Ya dead. You’re dead Taffy pudding for my pain and suffering for a year inside that dark dunk dead Silo. You tricked me with the trick you played on Hico.”
Taffy warns walking on the right side of Amita into her blind side and hiding the flash blade within her elbow space. “That gun’s empty, honey bell. It holds three bullets. Give me the gun then I won’t have to beat your ass, Amita.” Amita flinches with her eyelashes drawing her eyeballs to her right shooting hand holding the Lady pistol that’s the distraction Taffy needs.
Taffy leaps, cat-like at the gun, shoving Amita and the gun with her empty hands storing the flash blade inside her forearm skin as they fall together hitting the wood hard while the Lady pistol dances across the planks towards the water. Amita stands first as Taffy trips with her laced boots with her big cowboy boots as Amita dashes towards the pistol downing Amita as Taffy jumps on top of her chest.
“Ya know…(chuckles)…McCamy, I usually enjoy watching two females fight like pissed out alley cats, ripping massive handful chunks of pretty hair from their skulls along with the clothes from their naked bodies but…I seem to find that I’m a little partial for this round to…” Baycliff offers as he chuckles then grunts with both pleasure and pain.
McCamy laughs then cheers in his baritone trombone. “Taffy…go cowgirl.” Tulu gently slides into his chest as he cuddles her into his biceps while they watch Taffy and Amita battle.
Taffy and Amita twirl like rolling logs as they pinch finger nails into cheekbones then pop and punch flying fists while missing the face features not the planks with pain pathing towards the edge of the cliff.
Baycliff calls. “Taffy…” He tries to stand upright falling from the leg wound as McCamy belly-crawls on the un-even planks helping fight Amita in pain.
“Taffy!” Tulu cries as McCamy catches her ankle, man-pulling his muffin down to the planks. Amita will kill Tulu if she gets the chance, but not tough cowgirl Taffy.
Amita uprights on kneecaps, smacking Taffy’s face busting her lips as blood spurts in air then Taffy kicks her boot into Amita’s rear skull as Amita tumbles right. Taffy flips sideways and jumps to Amita’s chest then raises the flash blade holding it two-fisted as Amita’s eyelashes upright in fear.
Taffy ends as she growls. “Once…I loved ya like a sister…”
BANG! The shotgun echoes into outer space as Taffy neck snaps her skull to the thunder storm on her right then Amita slams her arm into Taffy’s rib cage as Taffy rolls to the right onto the planks.
Eyeballs view Dictator Hico standing soldierly upon the Platform posing the shotgun hilt on his left hip then he shouts. “AMITA.” He smiles, while extending his hand.
Amita neck snaps her skull, smiling at Hico then she stands and brushes with her hands the dirt and sand from her Steampunk costume while she poses princess standing over Taffy, storytelling. “Once upon a time I was princess in the land of cow and cotton then I became queen in the city of hi-tech and hostages. We planned this…all of this, Taffy pudding. You fell and failed for my ploy…kinda like I fell and failed for your plot.” Taffy neck snaps her skull to the rocket ship being emptied by Ant, Wasp, and Beetle of the twenty bite-nats paint cans then returns her eyeballs to Amita as Amita purrs like a jungle cat queen. “I be leaving ya’ll cowboys and cowgirls for my glamour destiny.” She pauses for drama then adds. “Ebro has bargained with Hico. You send bite-nats every year to Metro City Birmingham then we don’t invade…” She rotates her neck muscles around the Platform then out into the dark waters, and neck snaps her skull, smiling and warning, “…happily ever, again.”
Amita laughs with an evil tone then swiftly gallops towards Hico’s open arms as they exit the entrance of the Platform which lines with upright bodies like little baby ducklings consisting of Ebro, Thelee, Tourann, and selected parents and their teens of the infamous South Beach Bandits.
Funeral at the Fusion. Ebro rapidly walks towards Rusk, lifting his dead son into the air, cuddling him like a baby with his wet hot tears rolling down both of his cheekbones and snail-walks towards the fiery fusion. He stands soldierly hugging Rusk like he remembered when Rusk was three years old and get hurt on his hard skull falling off the pony by trying to ride the horse’s saddle using his cowboy boots instead of his ten finger pads then giggles with delight.
He’s going to miss his baby son but Jesus has granted him two colts in one delivery and Pocola had a hard time shoving these two little pups from her inner guts but she blessed Ebro with two hardworking and smart sons. And, Ebro thanks Jesus for his double gift now that Jesus has decided that Rusk’s duties as a human is all done and is needed for his new duty as angel while getting to keep feisty but hardworking McCamy as he chuckles with amusement who is just like Ebro…two peas in a single farmer’s pod.
Ebro kisses Rusk’s cold blue forehead, saying a quiet Heavenly prayer and thanking Jesus for giving him the chance to raise a good kid on Earth then swiftly tosses the Earthly bio-shell made of water, and proteins into the flaming fire, burning the flesh and bones quickly. He knows that Rusk’s sweet Soul is with Pemona’s precious Soul lives inside beautiful Heaven. He repeats the same quiet and quick ritual with Pemona’s bio-shell while he, Thelee, Tourann, the other parents, and teens huddle for a set of quick prayers then gather their injured and alive blessed children hustling back into their homes for the teens’ total recovery and recuperating.
Eleven years later. Four-year old blonde pony-tailed Pemona mice-squeaks in her piccolo soprano voice the cute only child of Taffy and Baycliff while she runs into his open arms smiling and giggling and holds the dusty TV devise with both her tiny finger pads, asking. “Uncle McCamy…look at this thing…see the pictures move with tiny people that talk. If’an I twist the little knob…ya hear.”
“Welcome to the Tenth Annual Huntress and Hunter Games! I am your hostess Superintendent Amita. May I present my husband of Metro City Birmingham Director Hico…” the TV announces as McCamy turns the volume low below their eardrums, dropping the TV screen onto the grass.
“Happy Birthday, Pemona!” Older and wiser McCamy announces loudly with a bright smile upon his dusted black whiskered face then tenderly pats the old worn tree stump with his sun-tanned calloused hand as he gently lifts and sits her bee_hind upon the stump, presenting the precious gift.
Pemona finger points at the TV screen on the grass, explaining. “Found it with Mama in the cave, cooking her blue shiny glitter. Can we go there? They gots prizes. I likes prizes, Uncle McCamy.” She smiles sweetly.
“Ya know, I gots them prizes, too.” McCamy whispers softly into her face as her tiny blonde eyelashes smash upright.
“Ya do?” She purrs with kitten curiosity.
McCamy sweetly asks. “Extend your arm, muffin.” Pemona lightly smacks her small palm into his dirty T-shirt as McCamy chuckles. “That’s my girl.” He paints a single pink circle around her tiny wrist then instructs as he gently touches her temple. “Think the picture of a bracelet.”
Pemona closes her eyelashes, humming a song then wiggles her nose and finally waves her hand as the warmth invades her arm then the coolness creates her mentally image from her brain cells as she open her eyelashes and mouths. “O!” She gently tenders each rounded pink bead of the single bracelet with her finger pads, questioning. “What’s it?”
“Its magic, Pemona.” McCamy whispers into her left’s eardrum, peaking a light kiss on her dirty cheekbone then chuckles at this cute niece.
Pemona words as she studies the bracelet. “Magic. May I please keep my new pink bracelet, Uncle McCamy?”
McCamy softly whispers then tenderly pecks her dirty forehead. “Forever, muffin!” Pemona smiles and giggles with delight then McCamy suggests as he lifts her from the old tree stump onto the soft grass. “Why don’t you show, Mama?”
Pemona scratches her arm from the insect bite and fidgets upon the grass on skinny legs. “Yeah! Mama, Daddy, Aunt Tulu, and…mean old cousin Rusk….come and look at pretty me…” Pemona shouts in piccolo soprano, racing onto the wooden front porch of Tulu and McCamy’s house, waving carefully her arm with the tiny pink beaded bracelet in the air as Uncle McCamy protectively watches and smiles with delight.

THE END.
