

Courting the Clearwaters
A Boys of Summer Book
Volume 1

By Jill Penrod



Published by Jill Penrod at Smashwords
Copyright 2013 Jill Penrod

Check out other titles by this author at Smashwords.com or JillPenrod.com

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17



Chapter 1

“I hope you don’t mind coming early,” Seth said as he turned onto the highway.  “ I know it’s fun to caravan with the rest, but Ben really needed help setting up, and you and I are the only two done with classes by ten on Friday.”
“Seth, you’ve apologized five times.  Do I usually get angry when plans change?” Shawn asked, grinning.
“No.”  Seth laughed.  “Sorry.  I just want you to enjoy this weekend.”
“I will enjoy this weekend.  I promise.  How could I not?  The beach, the sun, you and Alex asking to sing crazy songs…”
“I suppose Alex and I do like to have fun.”
Shawn chuckled and sank back into the car seat.  He’d been looking forward to this retreat all week.  Although he’d only known Seth and been part of the church group for a couple weeks, it had been a life-changing couple weeks.  He’d heard of God and gone to church a time or two in his youth, but when Seth had told him about Jesus, the words had resonated with him.  Recently he’d lost himself, and he knew it, and the idea that Jesus wanted to find and rescue him—well, the idea felt too good to be true.
But, he was a little nervous about this trip, too.  For years he’d spent most of his time alone, working and studying.  Being surrounded by people wasn’t easy, but for the next two days he had no choice but to be with them.  Worse, all of them seemed to know things about God and the Bible he didn’t.  They were never mean about it, but sometimes he just felt hopelessly lost in all of it.
“You don’t need to be nervous,” Seth asked.
“What makes you think I’m nervous?”
“You’ve twisted our map into a thick rope.”
“Sorry,” Shawn said, smoothing the map in his lap.  “I’ve barely met these people.  I’m not always so good in a group.”
Seth nodded.  He was one of the most extroverted people Shawn had ever met, so he doubted Seth really understood, but he couldn’t be sure.  Although he’d known Seth longer than anyone else this weekend, they’d still only met about three weeks ago.  They had a long way to go to really know each other.  
“Tell me about that girl who took our registration forms on Wednesday,” he said, looking out the window and not meeting Seth’s gaze.  The girl had smiled and greeted him warmly when they’d met, and in the chaos of the registration line, he’d not gotten to say more than hello.  That warm smile had occupied his mind for two days now.
“Jenny Clearwater?” Seth said, chuckling.  “I’m not sure you want to fall for that one, my friend.”
“Why not?” Shawn asked, a little irritated by his friend’s patronizing smile.
“She doesn’t date.  She and her family have decided to try courtship.”
“Courtship?”  Shawn ran a hand over his short hair.  “And that means--?”
“Hard to explain.  It takes physical purity between a girl and a guy a step farther.  Emotional purity, I guess you could say.  I’m still not sure how I feel about it.  I can give you an article that explains it.  A lot of Christians are into it.”
“Courtship. I will never learn all the customs and lingo of the Christians.”
“You will,” Seth said with certainty.  “Remember, God had his hands on you long before you met me and then accepted Him.”
“I suppose.  What about the girl who was with Jenny?”
“Julie Lopez,” Seth said.  “Where you see Jenny, you see Julie.  It’s been that way forever.”
“Why hadn’t I seen them before Wednesday?”
“Their families vacation together in the Bahamas,” Seth said, rolling his eyes.  “They do every spring.”
“Are they snobs?” Shawn asked, unsure of Seth’s tone.
“Oh, no, no.  Not at all.  I’ve known these two since we were all in the nursery together, you know?  I tease them a lot.  No, their families are loaded, but they’re never big-headed.  Great Christian ladies.  Both of them.”
“Jenny’s really pretty,” Shawn said absently.
“I suppose.  I can’t think of her that way.  She’s like a sister.  I have an article in my Bible about courtship if you want it.”
“Figures,” Shawn said, laughing.  Seth’s Bible was a wreck.  Papers filled it, breaking the binding and falling out every time he opened it.  He liked to keep every note he took, and he wasn’t much for organization. 
“I don’t know,” Shawn said.  “Sounds a little radical to me.  I’m having enough trouble with the traditional stuff.  Do Jenny and Julie go to South, too?”
“Jenny studies Religion, and Julie is Elementary Education,” he answered, nodding.
They drove in comfortable silence a while longer, and then Shawn leaned down and picked up the Bible, leafing through until he came to the article Seth had mentioned.  He read it slowly, and then he read it again, not sure what he thought about it. He shuddered at the thought of approaching a girl’s parents, especially since he had no father to join him.  It sounded old fashioned, almost like arranged marriages, and just reading about it made him uncomfortable.
“It’s different,” Seth said as Shawn tucked the page back in the Bible.  “Like I said, I’m not sure what I think about it.  But, Jenny’s parents are pretty discerning.  They don’t jump into anything without giving it thought and prayer.”
Shawn nodded.  Suddenly he felt more nervous.  If he knew nothing whatsoever about this, how many more things did he know nothing about?  What if they found him so different they wouldn’t want him here at all?

Ben’s truck was already at the hotel, and for two hours they set up sound equipment and chairs.  Ben was about fifty, although he didn’t look it, and he was strong, lifting things Seth couldn’t.  Shawn knew he was strong himself, putting himself through school working construction every summer.  To stay in shape off season he went to the campus gym almost daily, and although this summer he’d been promised a job in the computer lab, the gym was a habit he’d continued.  It was nice to know he was still strong enough to be useful.
Seth was tall and almost painfully thin.  His hair was long, below his shoulders, usually tied neatly at the nape of his neck.  Ben teased him about getting it cut, but Seth pointed out his job was to speak Spanish over the phone, so nobody ever saw him.  Ben just rolled his eyes.  Although Seth wasn’t terribly strong, he kept all three of them laughing, and he helped Shawn relax.  The youth leader intimidated him a bit, but after listening to him and Seth banter and tease all afternoon, he realized the man was just a normal man.  A normal man who loved college students and wanted them to know God better.  So, maybe normal wasn’t the right word, Shawn thought, but he was down to earth and no longer intimidating.
They finished an hour before the group was supposed to arrive, and Ben and Seth decided to swim in the hotel pool.  Shawn opted out, wanting just to shower, and his roommates left the room with towels in hand.  When they were gone he took off his sweaty shirt and dug in his pack for his shampoo, opening the curtain so he could see.  The room was nice, eight floors up, and he glanced down to see the beach.  Early in the season, the water was cool, and the sand was bare of tourists.  
With the room so bright, Shawn pulled out his clothes, all T-shirts and cutoff shorts, and put them in drawers so the cotton shirts wouldn’t wrinkle.  He knew he didn’t dress fancy in the summer, a kickback from all the construction work, but at least he could show up unwrinkled.  He was surprised at how worried he was about the weekend, and he took a deep breath and hoped this whole event wasn’t a really bad idea.  
When the door opened, Shawn spun around and grabbed a shirt, not expecting Seth to return.  His friend glanced at the scars across Shawn’s shoulder and raised an eyebrow, and Shawn slipped the shirt over his head and looked away.
“Forget something?” he asked, hoping Seth would just let it go and return to the pool.
“My shades,” Seth said, looking uncomfortable.  He grabbed his sunglasses off the TV and slipped them onto his head.  “You were in a fire?”
“A long time ago,” Shawn said.  “Have a good swim.”
Seth shook his head a little and left, and Shawn sat on the bed, suddenly feeling drained.  He took off his shirt again and looked in the mirror, wondering what Seth thought when he saw it.  Nobody but the hospital personnel had ever seen the marks left by the fire.  Even Seth hadn’t seen the worst of it; not only did the scars run from his right nipple over his shoulder, but they covered sixty percent of his back as well.
He stared at the grisly disfigurement for a full minute before getting into the shower.  He wished he could take back the past few minutes.  He desperately did not want these people—or any people—to know what he had experienced.  There would be questions and looks of pity and disgust.  He’d seen enough of that in the hospital to last a lifetime. He didn’t want to explain it all and go back there again.  Life had just become new to him, and he wanted to stay here in the newness and not think about old times.
Why didn’t you protect me from that, God? he asked as he rubbed soap over the rough skin.  I haven’t had a friend like him in a long time, and this could ruin it all.  I don’t think I could handle the disappointment of going back to my old life now that I’ve tasted something new.  I hope that isn’t what you have planned for me. 
Shawn made sure he wasn’t in the room when his roommates returned.  Instead, he walked on the beach, staying within sight of the hotel so he could see the others when they arrived.  The surf was loud in his ears, the waves rough, and he imagined a storm had hit these waters somewhere off the shore, and choppy water and a lot of loose seaweed were the only reminders.  The beach smelled strongly of salt and fish, and he took a deep breath, loving the smell.  
As a child he’d come here a lot, and he missed it.  He hadn’t had time to go anywhere, really, since his dad had died.  He’d certainly never gone swimming.  For a moment he wondered how he’d do it this weekend, what they’d say when he stayed dressed, if he should just avoid the pool altogether.  He’d blown it once, but he didn’t plan to repeat that.  He didn’t want to be different, and he wondered once more if coming on this trip was a good idea.
The church group was hard to miss, six cars with horns blowing and Christian rock music blaring from open windows.  He had to laugh at them, a bunch of college students drained from too much schoolwork and ready to relax for a weekend.  He jogged up the beach and greeted them, and Alex, the most boisterous of the group, hugged him and lifted him off the ground.  His six-foot frame had no trouble lifting Shawn’s five-nine.  As he set him down, Seth walked out of the hotel, his long hair still dripping.  Shawn didn’t meet his gaze.
“Man, you missed a good trip,” Alex said.
“Hey, we were working,” Shawn said, laughing.  “When we sing those wild songs of yours tonight, you’ll thank us.”
“We’d have been here earlier, but Miss Lopez doesn’t know how to read a map,” Tom said, playfully rolling his eyes.  He was Alex’s smaller, younger brother.  “She has no trouble finding her way through the Bahamas, but a trip to the beach we take four times a year had her stumped.”
“Play nice,” Jenny said, wrapping her arm protectively around her petite friend.
“Jenny, Julie, I’d like to introduce you to Shawn Carpenter.  He’s a Computer Science major at South,” Seth said, shooting Shawn an odd look.
“Pleased to meet you, Shawn,” Jenny said.  She had lovely dark eyes and dark hair, and her smile was a knockout.  “I’m glad you’re here this weekend; it’s a great way to get to know everybody.  So, how did you meet Seth?  I didn’t know he could even turn a computer on.”
“Hey,” Seth laughed.
“I help a grad student with one of the beginning computer classes,” Shawn said.  “Were you writing that little bit of code from the third assignment?”
“I was trying,” Seth said, running his hand over his long, fine hair.  “I tried to act like I had some idea what I was doing and uninstalled something very important, although I couldn’t tell you what.  Shawn spent a good hour getting everything running again.”
“So Seth took me out for coffee.  I think he felt bad.”  Shawn smiled at Seth, who laughed.
“I guess you could say that.  I’ve never been so embarrassed in my life.  Shawn was a trooper, though.  Never once complained.”
“Seth,” Julie scolded, grinning.  She was as pretty as Jenny, and Shawn was almost jealous of the comfort level the trio shared.  “So, Shawn, was it the free coffee or Seth’s winning personality that made you befriend him?”
“Well, it was good coffee,” Shawn said, laughing.   
“So, did your trip up here go all right?” Julie asked.
“Fine.  No problems at all.  The rooms are great, by the way.  We’re on the eighth floor—great views,” Shawn said.
“What did you do with Ben?”  Tom asked.
“He took a swim.  He’ll be down for dinner.  I peeked at our menu this weekend, and it looks great.”
“They always treat us well here,” Julie said, looking at Alex. “And they’ll continue to do so, if we can behave.”
“I always behave,” Alex said, looking innocent and hurt and then breaking into a grin.  “I want to shower before dinner.”
The group checked in, and Mandy and Bob asked him to show them the sound equipment so they could prepare for the night’s session.  When Shawn returned to the lobby, Seth met him, his brow furrowed.
“I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable,” he said, wearing the same look all the hospital staff had worn.  Shawn forced a smile and willed his feet to remain still.
“Seth, the scars are ancient.  Don’t worry about it.  We’re here to enjoy ourselves.”
Shawn smiled, trying to make the entire thing seem as light and silly as possible.  Apparently it worked, or Seth just decided to play along, because he smiled his most child-like smile and laughed. When he smiled like that, he looked like he was about ten years old, and the face looked strange on someone over six feet tall.
“Sorry.  Don’t mean to obsess.  I saw Tom and Alex.  They’re rooming next door, along with Mark and Noah.  We may not sleep tonight.”
“I had three tests this week and then lugged around sound equipment this afternoon,” Shawn said.  “I’ll sleep.”
“You should have come to the pool.  Really works out the muscles.”
“I’m hungry.  Let’s be the first in line in the dining room.”
“Done,” Seth said, leading the way.  “I like your style, buddy.”

Dinner was excellent, and afterward they moved to the large conference room for the evening’s meeting.  He and Seth took seats near the back, and he watched Jenny and Julie pass them, along with a large group of girls.  They moved to the front of the room and laughed as they took a whole row.  Jenny was pretty, her hair left loose, wearing a brightly colored tank top and jean shorts.  She wasn’t as dark as Julie, a petite girl with short hair and lovely Hispanic features, but she was darker than Shawn.  
Ben moved to the front of the room to call order.  This was actually two college youth groups, so there were nearly two hundred of them, all sitting in padded folding chairs waiting to hear God’s Word.  Two months ago Shawn hadn’t even been aware meetings like this existed, and in his wildest dreams he didn’t think he’d ever attend one.  It amazed him how quickly one little outing for coffee had changed his whole life.
Ben started the meeting with prayer, and then Bob and Mandy, a married couple, pulled out guitars and led them through some songs.  They gave the group a chance to choose songs, and Alex chose a couple with wild hand motions.  The other college group didn’t know the songs, so Alex and Seth went to the front to lead them. When they finally finished and sat down, everyone was laughing and breathless, and although Shawn knew they looked like kids at camp and not college students, he was completely enjoying himself.
Ben then gave a message, and Shawn opened his Bible—a gift from Seth—and took careful notes.  Being so new to Christianity, he desperately wanted to know everything he could about God.  Shawn wondered if he would ever catch up and know as much as anyone here.  He struggled to find passages in the Bible, whereas everyone else seemed to know how to find it all, and he took a deep breath and reminded himself if God loved him enough to save him, he loved him enough to be patient as he learned.
Ben talked of gifts and purposes and the importance of living for God in his whole life, not just on Sunday and Wednesday, and Shawn thought about that some.  He liked the idea that he had some purpose.  For years now life had been a blur of work and school and nothing else, nothing satisfying.  Some days he struggled just to get out of bed, never feeling what he did had value.  Now Ben stood before him and assured him there was indeed purpose in his life, and he felt some very old tension slip away as he hoped this was true.
After Ben spoke, a group of guys went to the front to get ready for a skit, and Shawn watched Jenny smile and chat with the people around them, her eyes sparkling with a friendliness unlike any he’d ever seen.  
“You know,” Shawn whispered to Seth, “Jenny Clearwater really is beautiful.  I’m surprised you can’t see it.”
Seth chuckled, digging into his Bible and pulling out the rumpled article on courtship.  He smiled slyly as he pressed it into Shawn’s hand.
“More power to you,” he said.

Shawn couldn’t sleep, and he read through the article for the fourth time, sitting in the small lobby of the beach high-rise.  At first reading he’d been fairly shocked, but now that he’d had some time to think about it, he could see the idea behind it.  Instead of dating and getting thirty broken hearts before finally marrying, this was a way to put the choice of a mate into the hands of God and one’s parents. A man who felt he wanted to court a girl first approached his parents, and if they agreed with the match, he approached the girl’s father.  If he got the blessing of those parents, he then asked for the girl’s permission to convince her he was a strong Christian man.  After that, they spent time together in public or in private with a nearby chaperon.  At some later point they were allowed emotional commitment and marriage.  
To Shawn, it sounded fairly cold and ordered, but he saw how it could appeal to strong Christian families.  Not belonging to one of these, and being a new Christian himself, he also thought it was a way to keep people like him away from the Jenny Clearwaters in the world.
He wadded up the article and tossed it.  As much as he loved being a Christian, he often felt like he’d gotten to a movie halfway through.  He didn’t know even the most basic Bible stories, and he had trouble with the jargon of his new friends.  They all treated him well, which kept him from getting too frustrated, but things like this courtship made him feel small and insignificant.  He’d felt too much of that in his life.
“Okay, God,” he said quietly.  “Ben said tonight that every part of the body has a purpose.  Help me know what that means for me.  You saved me, so you must want me for something. Let me know—I’m willing to do anything.  I just don’t see too many gifts yet.”
He glanced down at the balled article in the garbage, thought about Jenny’s purely joyful smile when he’d said he was coming on the retreat, and decided he needed to get back to bed.  If he was going to enjoy the beach, he needed to sleep.  He pulled the page out of the can and moved toward the elevator, thinking Seth would be laughing if he saw him right now, clinging to this strange idea that the lovely Jenny Clearwater would ever have eyes for him. And how could he ever struggle through this courtship idea if she did?


Chapter 2 

Spitting sand, Shawn rolled to his back and laughed.  His knee hurt, but he felt too ridiculous to worry about it.  He closed his eyes a moment and sighed deeply, smelling the familiar scents of the ocean.
“Great save,” Mark said, offering his hand and pulling Shawn to his feet. Shawn opened his eyes and smiled at the younger man, a freshman undecided major Alex knew well.
“It would have been, if the ball had gone over the net,” he said.
“Well, there is that.”  Mark laughed.  The other team had won, and the group broke up, tired from three games. Wincing, Shawn brushed sand off himself.
“You okay?” Mark asked.
“Twisted my knee, I guess.”
“How about a swim?” Mark asked.
“I’ll be there,” Shawn said, letting him go ahead.  Shawn looked around for Seth, who sat at the edge of the pool with Violet, a tall, slender redhead.  Shawn knew how interested his friend was in the girl and decided not to bother them.  Instead, he walked down the beach to Ben and several girls who sat or lay on chairs in the sand.
“Hey, good games,” Julie said, smiling broadly.
“We lost,” Shawn said, shrugging.
“You’re limping,” Ben said, raising his eyebrow.  “And bleeding.”
Shawn looked down at himself.  Apparently he’d hit a rock, for blood streamed down his calf.  
“Yuck,” he said.
“I’ve got the first aid kit,” Jenny said, reaching under her chair and pulling out the box.  She wore a visor and dark sunglasses today, along with a bright pink one-piece suit and swim shorts, and she pushed hair out of her face as the breeze loosened it from around the visor.
“What’s going on over here?” Seth asked, approaching from behind them.
“Shawn really gets into beach volleyball,” Julie replied.
“Oh?”  Seth sat on the chair across from Shawn and scowled, taking the kit out of Jenny’s hand.
“I can do it,” Shawn said as his friend pulled out peroxide and a cotton ball.
“No, it’s okay,” Seth said.  “Gotta get my servant points for the day.  Dare I ask if you won?”
“We lost.  Pretty badly, too. Ow.”
“Sorry,” Seth said.  He rubbed off the blood and put on a little antibiotic cream.  “It’s not so bad now, is it?  Just a scratch.”
“So, Seth, why aren’t you out there playing volleyball?” Julie asked, grinning cruelly.
“Sports and I have never quite gotten along,” Seth said.
“He isn’t kidding,” Julie agreed, wrapping an arm around the tall man.  “But we love you for your other talents.”
Shawn watched them interacting, and he watched Seth caring for him so gently, and he was suddenly overcome with thankfulness.  He’d never imagined being part of a group like this, and he wished the moment could last forever.
“There,” Seth said, pulling away and looking over his handiwork.  “I do believe he’ll live.  Care to swim, anyone?  It’s hot out here.”
“Sure,” Julie said.  “Jenny?”
“Sounds good to me,” she said.  “Come on, Shawn.”
He followed them, realizing he’d twisted his knee more than he thought, and he tried not to limp.  Leaving his shirt on, hoping nobody said anything, he slid into the water at the deep end.  The cool water felt good, but he didn’t move much, hanging onto the edge and watching the group around him.  Jenny and Julie splashed a while, and Seth went back to Violet’s side.  Eventually Julie drifted into a large group of girls, and Jenny approached Shawn.
“Do you sunburn?” Jenny asked.
“What?” 
“The T-shirt.  Most guys take off their shirts the minute it’s appropriate.”
“Oh.  We fair-skinned people have to be careful,” Shawn said, uneasy with her questioning.
“Are you enjoying yourself?  Except for the knee?”
“It’s great,” Shawn said, relaxing.  “I like the worship sections, and Ben’s teaching, and especially the food.”
Jenny laughed.  She had a beautiful smile.
“So,” she said, “have you been a Christian long?”
“No.  Just a few weeks.  After Seth and I went for coffee, he called me and asked me to go to a concert with him.  It was a Christian group, and I accepted Christ that night.  I have zero background in it.  Sometimes I’m overwhelmed by those of you who grew up with it.”
“We’re lucky, I know, but sometimes it takes new Christians like you, with your zeal and enthusiasm, to remind us to be the same.”
“You see me as enthusiastic?”
“Sure.  I saw you listening to Ben last night, like you were hanging on his every word.  The Bible is all this power and shows God’s heart, but sometimes I forget that.  You reminded me of that last night, and I really paid attention to Ben’s talk.”
Shawn smiled at her, and Julie, Seth, and Violet swam over.
“I do believe, from the looks on your faces, you two are having a very serious discussion here,” Seth said.  “Isn’t this playtime?”
Jenny slapped the water and splashed him, and he grinned.  “If you’ll let us in on it, we’ll join you.”
“We were talking about losing and regaining perspective,” Jenny said.  “We can talk about something else.  Is anyone ready for finals?”
Everyone moaned, and Jenny laughed.
“I have to create an entire portfolio,” Violet said, “and I’ve hardly started.  I shouldn’t have come this weekend, but it’s always so nice.”
Violet was a senior graphic artist; she’d designed several bulletins for youth and college events, which Seth had on his wall at home.  She was very talented.
“I may spend all next week at the library,” Julie said.  “My brothers are too noisy.”
“She has five younger brothers,” Seth explained.  “I think we should trade.”
“Four sisters get to you?” Julie asked.    “You’re lucky, though, to have an apartment.  I know my parents and I agreed it was a good idea for me to live at home for now, but sometimes I envy you.”
“It isn’t always easy,” Seth admitted.  “Remembering to pay bills and get repairs done….  Living with a roommate can be hard sometimes, too.”
“I like living at home,” Jenny said.  “Of course, since I have no siblings, it’s pretty quiet.  Where do you live, Shawn?”
“With my mom and brother.  He’s eleven.  I don’t mind it.  Mom needs the company and the help, and when it gets rough I crash with Seth.”
“The best of both worlds,” Violet said, smiling at Seth.
“Exactly,” Shawn said.
When the group swam off, Shawn decided to get out.  His wet T-shirt stuck to his skin uncomfortably, and his knee hurt a little.  It neared dinnertime, and he thought a shower and a nap might be nice before the evening session.  He pulled up on the side, but his knee didn’t hold his weight, and he sank back into the water.
“Whoa, there,” Seth said, appearing like a guardian angel.  He helped Shawn out and frowned at his swollen knee.  Jenny swam back over and shook her head.
“You did more than scratch it,” Seth said, gently touching a particularly red and swollen spot, and Shawn cringed and pulled away.
“I twisted it.  Maybe I twisted it a lot.”
“It really hurts, doesn’t it?” Jenny asked.  She hopped out of the water and walked down the beach, and Shawn watched her move.  She looked strong, and he wondered if she worked out like he did.  Maybe someday they’d meet up in the school gym.
“Shawn,” Seth said, grinning.  “You’re staring.”
Shawn shook his head.  “You really don’t see it.”
“I know she’s beautiful.  Julie, too.  But I don’t see it like you do.  You read the article?”
Shawn shook his head.  “Not for me.  I can’t imagine dating like that, so formal and emotionless.”
Seth nodded and looked at Jenny in the distance.  “Maybe.  I don’t know if I like the idea, but that doesn’t mean anything.  If you’re going to stare at her all the time, maybe you need to think about…more.”
Shawn shrugged, not willing to say how much the idea scared him.
Jenny returned in a moment with Ben in tow, and Shawn winced, wishing he wasn’t getting this kind of attention.
“I think we need to take him to the doctor,” Seth said.
“I’m fine,” Shawn insisted.
“Then walk up to our room,” Seth said, smiling slightly. Shawn grimaced, realizing he couldn’t do it without limping.  They were right, but he didn’t want to admit it.
“Go ahead and get it checked,” Jenny said.  “If nothing else, they can give you a good painkiller until it heals.”
“Okay, okay,” Shawn said, laughing.  “I surrender.  I’ll go.”
Seth and Tom helped him to the car, and Seth drove him to the hospital ER, just a few minutes away.  
“So, it looks like you and Violet are hitting it off.”
“I really like her.  Miss Lopez seems to have eyes for you.”
“I thought she might,” Shawn said.  “She’s nice, and she’s pretty, but—“
“You have thoughts of Jenny,” Seth said, laughing.    “I can see you two together.  You both think too much.”
“Thanks,” Shawn said dryly.
“Oh, it’s really not a bad thing,” Seth said with a wicked grin.  “How’s that knee?”
“Swollen.  It’s hot and tight.  I wish I’d at least gotten the ball over the net.”
Seth laughed.  “You athletes.  Just can’t figure you out.”

“Are you sure we can’t just go home?” Shawn asked, standing uneasily at the door of the conference room.
“No, buddy.  What do you think will happen in there?”
“I feel stupid,” Shawn said, leaning on the crutches.  The doctor said he’d strained the knee pretty badly and should stay off it for several days and then take it easy for several weeks.  He thought the crutches were a bit much, but the nurses and Seth had given him little choice.
“Come on.  Quit worrying.”
The group was singing praise songs, and Shawn moved slowly to a chair in the back row.  Seth pulled over another chair so he could put his leg up, and he was relieved so few people turned to watch him.
He’d not gone back to his room to get his Bible, so he just listened to Ben’s talk, hoping to remember all that was said, but he didn’t hear it as well as he normally did.  He found himself distracted, a little foggy from the painkiller, watching people in the hope they’d ignore him.  When the session broke up it startled him, and soon the group spread out for a time of chatting before bed.
“Hey, I guess you really do get into volleyball,” Alex said, the first one to approach.  He sat down and grinned.  “What’s the prognosis?”
“Seth likes to humiliate people,” Shawn answered, tapping the crutches and smiling.
“The doctor made me promise to make you use them,” Seth said defensively.  “Oh, look, there’s Violet.  She appreciates me.”
He left with a chuckle, and Shawn sat and accepted both sympathetic questions and teasing barbs as everyone moved through the room and worked their way back upstairs.  The group had gotten too much sun, and they were tired and less rowdy than normal.  When Jenny came over, with Julie at her side, he smiled.  With the painkiller in his system, he wondered if it was a goofy smile.
“So, what did they say?”
“Not much.   I strained it and have to take it easy for a while.  No volleyball for a few weeks.”
“I’m sorry,” Jenny said.  “I hope you won’t let this stop you from being part of our group.  This kind of stuff doesn’t happen often.”
“You all can’t get rid of me that easily,” Shawn said, wincing as he moved his leg and picked up his crutches.  “Ladies, I’m beat.”
“It hurts, doesn’t it?” Julie asked.
“Seth has the pain medicine.  It works pretty well until it wears off.”
“He just left here with Violet,” Julie said.  “I’ll go find him.”
“You and Seth are close,” Jenny said, sitting down in the row in front of him, resting her arms on the back of the metal chair.  “Closer than he’s been with anyone in a long time.  That’s nice.”
Not sure what to say to this, Shawn just shrugged, and Jenny grinned.
“Sorry.  I forget guys don’t discuss things like this.  Julie and I talk about friendships and relationships all the time.”
“We talk about them,” Shawn assured her, “but not all the time.  Seth introduced me to Life.  I suppose that’s a good foundation for a friendship.”
“One of the best,” Jenny said.  “Today was nice, don’t you think?  Everyone needed a chance to relax.  Sometimes we have weekends like this later in the summer where we share our faith with people on the beach.  Seth and Alex are always amazing in those situations.  Julie and Violet, too, but I’m not bold enough.”
“Seth didn’t say anything to me about God the first couple times we met.  When he finally did, he managed to say everything without making me feel like…I don’t know.  I felt he told me because he cared what happened to me.  I didn’t think Christians were like that.  I had some image of you all like headhunters collecting scalps.  Maybe you got brownie points for bringing others to church.”
She laughed, her dark eyes sparkling in the fluorescent lights of the room.
“I’m glad Seth changed your opinion.  He’s the most consistently driven person I’ve ever known.  He decided when he was ten he would someday be a missionary to Spanish-speaking peoples, and he has never strayed from that plan.”
“My ears are burning,” Seth’s voice said from the doorway.  “Somebody must be talking about me, and when you deep thinkers get together, it can’t be good.  Miss Lopez here says I need to drug my roommate and get him to bed.  Sounds a little harsh to me.”
Julie came in behind him and rolled her eyes.  When Seth got closer, he nodded at Shawn, the teasing gone from his eyes.
“Pain medicine wore off?”
“Very much.”
“Okay, my friend, let’s get you to our room.  Ladies, we’ll see you in the morning.”
He gave Shawn a hand, and in moments they were upstairs.  While Seth was in the bathroom, Shawn slipped into another shirt and climbed into bed.  Since Seth had seen it, he supposed it didn’t matter if he saw the scars again, but he was used to hiding it.  Anyway, he wanted his friend to forget about it.  It was a nightmare from another life, and he didn’t want it to come up in his new life.  Being on crutches was embarrassing enough.
He lay in the dark a few moments listening to the surf and thinking about Jenny and Julie, Alex, Seth, and all he’d learned this weekend.  He was looking forward to the summer, when he’d have no studying and more time to be with this group, more time to read his Bible and learn about this God, maybe catch up in areas where he felt so behind.
Life was changing for him in ways he never could have imagined, and he looked forward to the things to come, something he hadn’t really dared for a long time.  With those thoughts in mind, he fell asleep and never even heard Seth come out of the bathroom.


Chapter 3

“You look like you just lost your best friend, but since I’m here and fine, it must be something else,” Seth said with a grin as Shawn sat down.  Shawn had bought a full lunch, but he really wasn’t hungry, and he put his backpack on Seth’s in an empty chair and pushed his tray away.
“My summer job was cancelled.  Finals are a week away, and I have no job and no time to look for another one.”
“Oh.”  Seth’s face fell into lines of sincere sympathy.  “What are you going to do?”
“I don’t know.  I need to spend every minute of the next week with my nose at a computer screen.  Even if I had time to look, most summer jobs are already gone.”
“What happened?”
“Last minute changes in budget,” Shawn said, shaking his head.  “ I was hoping to make enough this summer to get me through next semester and get Mom’s car worked on.  I don’t like the way it sounds.”
“Makes me wonder what God’s up to,” Seth said thoughtfully.
“I suppose I hadn’t thought about that.  I just figured it was the way things go for my family.”
“It takes time to change your whole way of thinking,” Seth said, taking a bite of burger.  He and Shawn met for lunch Tuesdays and Thursdays at the campus cafeteria.  The room roared around them as usual, but for the first time ever Shawn found the noise grating on his nerves.
“So, is God going to skywrite what He wants me to do now?” Shawn said, frustrated and uncertain.
“Probably not, although wouldn’t that be nice?  I can’t tell you how it will come together, only that it will.  What do you plan to do?”
“Check the campus employment office, but mostly hold off until finals are over.”
“Sounds wise to me.  Doing what God wants doesn’t usually mean answers fall in your lap.  You’ll need to look for work, but you don’t have to worry about it.  He does the organizing.  You know, Tom and Alex are great with cars.  They can look at your Mom’s car.”
“I couldn’t ask them to do that,” Shawn said, shaking his head.
“But I can.  If one of your friends needed help with a computer project, would you be offended if they asked for your help?”
“No.”
“And if anyone needs something translated into Spanish—which happens more often than you might think—I don’t mind.  We like to have our gifts in use.  These two get a major kick out of working on cars.  Anyway, I think your Mom needs to see us united.  See our togetherness in action.”
Shawn grinned and rolled his eyes.  But, Seth was right.  The pair had gotten together to pray once a week since Shawn had accepted Christ, and one prayer that hurt Shawn’s heart above all others was concern for his mother and brother’s souls.  Neither understood the changes in Shawn’s life.
“Okay.  I guess they won’t mind.”
“They’ll be delighted to show off their expertise,” Seth said.  “So, how’s the knee?”
“Fine.  The occasional twinge, but it’s only been two weeks.”
“Good.  Ben has told me three times how glad he is you keep coming back after he let you get hurt on your first retreat.”
“Let me?” Shawn laughed.  “It never occurred to me to blame him for it.”
“Good.  I thought it was a little odd, too, but he thinks of all of us as his children, I guess.  He’s very protective.  So, are you ready for finals?”
“No.  Well, maybe.  I haven’t been moving around as much because of my knee, and when I get stir crazy I don’t think very well.  I was planning to go to the gym today and work out a little and then do a marathon study session.  Might help me stop worrying, too.  I know God doesn’t want me to worry, but I’m not sure how to stop.”
Seth nodded.  “It’s not easy.  I have areas where I worry, too.  It doesn’t really help that Ben canceled group these past two weeks to give us all study time.  We need to hang out together a little bit.”
Shawn nodded.  He’d missed everyone.  Not everyone in the college group went to the church that sponsored it, so he hadn’t seen a lot of people recently.  Also, pain had driven him home two Sundays ago before Sunday school, so he’d only seen Jenny, Julie, and Alex once since the retreat.  “I agree.  I haven’t seen Jenny in a while.  Or anyone else.”
Seth grinned.  “Or anyone else, huh?  You’ve really got it bad for her, don’t you?”
Shawn shrugged.  “I’ve been housebound a lot since the retreat.  What else is there to do but worry about my summer job and think about pretty girls?”
“Well, I’m telling you not to worry about your job, because God is working it out for you.  Which I guess means you’ll have more time to think about the pretty girls, but I’d recommend you find better things to do.  Maybe study for finals?”
Shawn laughed.  “I’ll try.”
“Good,” Seth said.  “Now eat.  You’re making me feel like a pig here.”
Shawn laughed at his skinny companion and took a bite of his pizza.  Leave it to Seth to make a disastrous morning feel like a learning experience.

“Let’s go meet Jenny’s parents,” Seth said when the service was finished.  The church was large, with at least five hundred people in attendance.  Although Seth lived in a small apartment near campus, his family lived here in town, and he and Shawn sat with them for the worship time.  Shawn always saw some familiar faces from group, but the number of faces he didn’t know overwhelmed him.
“Where are they?” Shawn asked.
“Front and center.  Always.  Her dad’s an elder.”
“Maybe another time,” Shawn said, looking forward and watching the large blond man beside Jenny laughing and shaking hands with other important-looking people.  A tiny dark woman stood with them, clearly Jenny’s mom.
“Don’t be shy,” Seth said with a grin, gripping Shawn’s arm and pulling him forward.  He boldly entered the group and shook Mr. Clearwater’s hand.
“Mr. Clearwater, I’d like to introduce Shawn Carpenter.  He’s new to our college group.”
“Welcome, Shawn,” the man answered in a deep baritone.  He was larger in person, well over six feet tall and put together like a stately pro football player.  He spoke formally, a man used to commanding great respect.  “You’re the young man who gets excited about volleyball?”
“Daddy,” Jenny scolded, moving ahead of her father and shaking Shawn’s hand.  “It’s good to see you today, Shawn.  Seems like it’s been a long time.”
“Thanks.  I feel the same way.”
“Do you attend South?” Mr. Clearwater asked.
“Yes, sir.  Computer Science.  One year to go.”
“Computer Science.”  His eyebrows went up, and he smiled.  “Can you build files or databases or whatever it is that organizes my business files on my home machine?”
Shawn grinned.  “Yes, sir.”
“He met Seth by fixing a computer in the school lab after Seth wrecked it,” Jenny said.
“Hey,” Seth said.  “I think I’m going to start telling people we just sat together in a math class.”
“It’s okay,” Mrs. Clearwater said with an affectionate grin, putting her arm around Seth’s shoulders.  “Mr. Clearwater and I still think of a mouse as a furry rodent you set traps for.  We’re not computer geniuses, either.”
“Shawn, would you look at my system for me?  I need to figure out how to bring some of my databases home and tie in some of Jenny’s work, too.”
“And I can make you dinner.  You and Seth both,” Mrs. Clearwater said.
“You’ll bake cookies?” Seth asked.
“I will.”
“Deal,” Seth said.  At Shawn’s look he shrugged.  “Once you taste her cookies, you’ll understand.”
“This is finals week,” Shawn said.  “I’d be happy to help you next week.”
“Very good,” Mr. Clearwater said.  “Yes, Jenny’s been hiding in her room studying these past days as well.  I must say I don’t miss college.”
The group broke up in a minute, and Shawn scowled at Seth as they went to his car. 
“How do I let you get me involved in these things?”
“It’s my charm,” Seth said, smiling.  “I’ve seen the way you look at Miss Clearwater, my friend.  If you plan to have any type of relationship with her, you have to go through her father.  This is a great way to impress him with your skills.  It’s harmless.  They’re very friendly.”
“I’m sure they are,” Shawn said, shaking his head.
“Don’t worry.  Hey, would you like to stay for lunch?  Vinnie left yesterday for the summer—Hancock U. had finals last week.  It takes a while to get used to the quiet.  You know, you could come stay all summer if you want.”
“Mom needs me at home.  Tony, too.  It’s tempting, but I can’t go yet.”
“Shawn, you’re twenty-two years old.  What happens when you do have to move on?”
The question seemed out of place, and Shawn looked at Seth a moment, realizing he seriously wanted to know more about this.
“I don’t know.  Dad died suddenly, six years ago.  We’ve been struggling together a long time to make sure Tony has everything, a good life.  I have to stay as long as I can.”
“I’m sorry,” Seth said quietly.  “ You just said he was gone.  I never realized—“
“It’s okay,” Shawn said, smiling a bit.  “Six years is time enough to get over it, more or less.  Anyway, as you like to tell me, God will work things out when the time comes.  It just hasn’t come yet.”
“Yes, I suppose I would say that.  I was just hoping for company this summer.”
“Well, I’m sure I’ll be around.  For that matter, you have a standing invitation to come my way, too.  It’s not far from the phone company.”
“True,” Seth said, smiling again.  He worked in customer service, dealing with Spanish-speaking customers, and he enjoyed his job.  “Wait until you taste Mrs. Clearwater’s cooking.  And her cookies are…there are no words.”
Shawn rolled his eyes, wondering what he’d done before Seth.  And yet, now he was trapped, with no choice but to perform for Mr. Clearwater.  And it felt like a performance, too.  He’d not been able to get the courtship article out of his head, and he knew the first step to spending time with Jenny lay with her dad.  It scared him to think so much was riding on his ability to help the man with his computer.  At the same time, though, he knew he wasn’t really going to court and marry Jenny Clearwater, so he just needed to relax, enjoy her family, and partake of her mom’s cooking.  And, apparently, her cookies.  This was a visit, something regular people did all the time.  Shawn paused, thinking it rather amusing that he didn’t really consider himself a regular person.


Chapter 4

“Tony,” Shawn called as he came into the house.  “Tony?”
Nobody answered, and he walked to the kitchen calendar and checked everyone’s schedules.  Today, Tony was to come home from school directly.  So where was he?
Shawn was tired.  Finals were draining, and he had no patience left.  Although his summer job had been cancelled, until Friday he still worked in the lab, and graduate students had come out in force this week, finishing and printing papers, so the lab had been open more hours.  Between the extra hours working and the extra hours studying, he wasn’t sleeping, and he was tired and easily irritated.  To keep this up through finals he needed to eat, and Tony was supposed to have dinner ready. 
“I don’t need this today,” he mumbled, dropping his backpack on the table and opening the refrigerator.  He needed to pick up some food.  Mom was working through dinner tonight; maybe he’d take Tony out for Chinese.  Maybe Italian.
Of course, first he had to find him.  He’d probably gone out to play basketball at the park.  Although he was supposed to leave a note when he did that, he didn’t always remember.
Yawning, Shawn changed into old jersey shorts and a clean T-shirt and strolled into the park one street over.  The day was warm, with a comfortable breeze, and many voices drifted from the fields.  Groups played volleyball, baseball, and tennis, and children squealed on the playground.  The basketball court was not in use, and none of the neighbor kids were at the baseball diamond.
As Shawn looked for Tony, he began to panic.  Tony never disappeared.  He understood how busy Mom and Shawn were, and he knew he needed to help them keep track of him, and he did a good job of letting them know where he was.  So where was he?  Shawn jogged home, not sure what to do next.  Perhaps Tony had called Mom.  Of course, if he hadn’t and Shawn did, she would panic.  He decided he had to call her regardless.  Surely Tony had changed his plans, called her for permission, and simply forgotten to leave a note for Shawn.
“Mom,” he said when she answered, “where’s Tony tonight?”
“Oh, he called,” she said.  “He’s at Bob’s.  He didn’t say if he was staying for dinner or not.  How are finals?”
“Okay, I guess.  He was supposed to make dinner tonight; I could have used it.”  Shawn heard the irritation in his voice and didn’t like it.
“I’m sorry, honey.  I didn’t even think.  Oh, I have another call.”
“It’s okay.  I’ll see you tonight,” he said.  He put down the phone and looked at it.  Were all families like this?
He looked up Bob’s phone number and called, wanting to know if he should wait for Tony or just go get something on his own.  When Bob’s mom told him Tony wasn’t there and hadn’t been there in several days, he said a polite thank you and sat down hard in a kitchen chair.
His first thought was that Mom had the wrong friend.  His second was to wish they could afford a cel for Tony, but that wasn’t in their budget. So, he picked up the phone and began to call around.  As each parent assured him Tony hadn’t been over today, the earlier knot of panic returned to his gut and grew.  When he ran out of phone numbers, he called the number he knew best.
“Seth, I think I have a problem,” he said without greeting.
“Shoot,” Seth said.
“I can’t find my brother.  He told Mom he’d be at a friend’s house, but he lied.  I don’t know how to find him.  He’s never done this before.”
For a moment Seth said nothing, and Shawn tried not to imagine all the trouble Tony could be in.
“Pray, Shawn Carpenter.  I’ll be right over.  We can look together.”
Shawn sat down and took a deep breath.  Seth was right; Shawn wasn’t alone anymore.  When things got hard, he could turn to a higher authority, one who held all things in His hands.
For fifteen minutes he rested his head on folded arms in the kitchen and talked to God about Tony.  
“God, it’s really hard,” he admitted.  “We’re not a normal family.  I don’t want Tony to grow up thinking he missed something, but he misses a lot.  When I was his age, Dad wasn’t much, but he was here.  And Mom was here.  I couldn’t disappear for hours and not be missed.  Help us, God.  Mom and Tony need you.  Nothing else can help us.”
Seth came in, not bothering to knock, and sat at the table across from Shawn.
“Any word?”
“No.  He never does this.  I don’t know what got into him.”
“May I say something offensive?” Seth asked, frowning.
“I don’t know,” Shawn said.  “I suppose.”
“I’ve only met Tony a few times, but he seems a little, um, angry.  I don’t know how else to say it.”
“I hate to admit it, but I’ve been too busy to notice.  We keep him fed, dressed, and sheltered.  Sometimes it doesn’t go much farther than that.”
“Well, let’s see,” Seth said.  “You tried the park.”
“Yes.”
“Should one of us stay here by the phone?”
“I could leave the machine on,” Shawn said.  “I wish we had cel phones, but it’s out of our budget.”
“Lots of teenagers like the mall,” Seth said with a shrug.
“He’s not really supposed to go to the mall.  A few months ago he got into trouble there.  He was hanging around with these older guys and….  Oh.  I’ll set the machine.  Let’s go.”
Shawn said nothing on the drive.  He thought about what Seth had said and Tony’s first run-in with trouble at the mall, caught being boisterous and insulting mall employees.  Somehow, since it had only happened once, and Tony had seemed scared and repentant about the whole thing, Mom and Shawn had forgiven him and let it be over.
But maybe it wasn’t over at all.
It had been a while since Shawn had been to the mall in the evening, and he had to laugh.  He and Seth wore old shorts and Ts, but many young teens roamed dressed like they were at a party.  As he walked past groups of young people, the smell of cologne and hair spray was strong enough to choke him, and he was glad to be past that age.  He remembered those years as being hard, and he didn’t envy Tony having so many to go before he would be comfortable being himself again at the mall.
“You know, I don’t miss high school,” Seth said.  Shawn laughed.  “Let’s check out the food court.  I could use a soda.”
The court was crowded, noisy and alive with old and young people alike, and Shawn scanned the crowd as Seth stood in line for his drink.
“I see him,” Shawn said suddenly.  Seth looked, nodding; Tony sat across the court with four older guys.  The group laughed loudly, and from the looks of people who passed, Shawn guessed they were hassling the passersby.
“Do you know the guys with him?” Seth asked.
“No.”
“Let’s go scare them a little,” Seth said, grinning.  “Just let me get my drink.”
Although impatient, Shawn waited with Seth, never taking his eyes off his brother.  The group continued to hassle people, and Shawn wondered how long it would take mall security to stop them and what the consequences would be this time.
In a couple minutes they crossed the court, Seth leading.  Half a head taller than Shawn, Seth would easily tower over the boys.  Shawn stepped back as they neared the table, curious to see what Seth would say.
“Hey,” he said firmly.  All five boys looked up.  Two looked frightened, and two looked defensive.  Tony looked guilty.  “Tony, little man, I thought I might find you here.”
Seth sat down at the end of the table and smiled.  Shawn sat a couple tables away.
“How are we doing tonight, gentlemen?”
“Who is this?” the biggest boy asked.  “Tony, who is this guy?”
“Pardon me,” Seth said, extending a hand.  “Seth Roberts.  Tony’s brother’s parole officer.”
“Parole officer?” one of the guys asked, looking awed.  “Your brother was in jail?”
“Um,” Tony said, frowning.
“Shawn’s looking for you, little man.  We don’t want to upset him, do we?”
“I guess not,” Tony said.
“What did he do?” another guy asked.  They all looked at Tony with new respect.  Shawn rolled his eyes.
“Sorry,” Seth said.  “Can’t discuss it.  I don’t think you boys will be seeing Tony around for a while.  You know, it isn’t nice to harass people at the mall.”
“What a wimp,” one guy said.  Seth stood and pulled Tony to his feet, standing over them and using his height to his best advantage.
“Gentlemen, I may see you again.  Maybe we’ll do business someday.  I enjoy juvenile court cases.”
Shawn had to laugh as Seth took Tony’s shoulder and led him away.  The boys sat like stone for a moment, and while they were quiet mall security walked past, eyeing them suspiciously.
“Well, we got you out just in time,” Shawn said as Tony sat down.
“Parole officer?” Tony said with disgust, rolling his eyes.  “I thought you Christian guys weren’t supposed to lie.”
“Hey, I didn’t want to ruin your reputation,” Seth said, shrugging.  He sat down and sipped his drink.  “I can’t believe they bought that.”
“You lied to Mom,” Shawn said, angry.  “You called her on the phone and lied to her.  I suppose it wasn’t the first time.”
Tony said nothing, and Shawn leaned back in his chair.
“We can go,” Seth said.
“No, let’s stay a minute,” Shawn said, trying to rein in his anger.  Tony was safer here surrounded by people than he’d be if Shawn took him home right now.  He took a deep breath and looked hard at Tony, wondering how to handle this.
“Will you tell Mom?” Tony asked.  The longer Shawn stared at him, the more repentant Tony appeared.  He squirmed and looked around, focusing on anything but his brother.
“I should.”  He took another deep breath.  “What would you do?”
“What?” Tony asked, looking surprised.
“You’re working and going to school.  You’re too busy, but you don’t see any choice.  Your brother, who usually has a good head on his shoulders, has been sneaking out and causing trouble.  Now you wonder how many lies he has told.  You wonder how you can trust him again.  You don’t want to lock him in his room, but what can you do?”
Tony looked at Seth, who shrugged and returned to his parole officer voice.
“So, little man, what do you do?”
“I’d quit going away so much,” Tony said.  
“What?” Shawn asked.  This wasn’t the answer he’d expected.  “Where do I go?”
“All those church things.  You’re gone on Wednesdays and Sundays, and you go out all the time with your new friends.  It’s like you’ve forgotten about Mom and me.”
Shawn had no words.  Tony was right, but Shawn didn’t have any answers.  He had to be with Christians to learn how to obey God, to know what God wanted. But, he couldn’t abandon Tony to do it.  
“Tony,” Seth said gently,  “let me ask you something.  How many hours a week do you get to be with your friends?”
“I don’t know.”
“Think about it.  Do you see them at school?”
“At lunch.  During breaks.  Maybe an hour a day?”
“Okay.  How about after school?”
“Three or four days a week I go home with somebody until Shawn comes home.  Maybe six or eight more hours.”
“Twelve or thirteen hours.  How about weekends?”
“A couple more hours, maybe.  I usually stay home weekends.”
“Okay.  We’ll call it thirteen hours.  Do you think Shawn gets that much time?”
“He does now, sometimes.  But he didn’t before, I guess.  He just went to classes and the lab and came home.”
“Do you think he liked that?”
“I don’t know.”  Tony looked at Shawn, who kept his face as neutral as possible.  It was odd hearing them talk as though he wasn’t there.  “I guess it got boring sometimes.  But he and I had fun together.”
Tony squirmed uncomfortably, clearly getting the point of Seth’s questioning.
“I try to be there,” Shawn said.  “Things in my life have changed.  The change is good, but I have to learn.  I have to be away more.  If I try to be home a little more, can you stop lying to us?”
“Yes,” Tony said penitently.  “You think you can be home more?”
“After finals.  But, Tony, I enjoy my friends like you enjoy yours.  Please don’t ask me to give that up.”
“I won’t.”
Everyone was silent a moment, and Shawn suggested they go home.  Seth finished his soda and agreed.
“I still can’t believe you told them Shawn was on parole,” Tony said to Seth as they left.  Seth just laughed.
When they got home, Tony went to his room.  Mom wasn’t home yet, and Seth and Shawn sat in the living room.
“Have you eaten dinner yet?” Shawn asked his friend.
“No.”
“I’ll order pizza if you’ll stay to help us eat it.”
“Deal.  Then I need to study.”
“I hear that.  I’m glad Ben cancelled group this week.”
“So, are you going to tell your mom?”
“I don’t think so.  I don’t know, Seth.  I don’t want to be a father of a teenager, but sometimes I have no choice.”
“It’s got to be hard.  If it helps, I think you handled tonight well.”
“Except now his friends will be afraid of me, thinking I’m a car thief or something.”
“Sorry about that,” Seth said, grinning.  “I just couldn’t resist.  I suppose it was wrong to lie like that, but Tony will set the record straight, I’m sure.”
Shawn smiled and picked up the phone.  “Sausage?  Pepperoni?  Everything?”
“No vegetables,” Seth said.  
Shawn ordered a large sausage pizza and then lay down on the sofa.  He was tired.
“Any word on a job yet?” Seth asked.  Shawn must have made a face, because Seth laughed.  “I guess that’s no.”
“I’m trying not to worry.  I’m praying for help not to worry.  Finals are a worry enough.”
They were silent a moment, both tired, and then Shawn asked a question that had been on his mind all evening.
“Do you think he was right?”
“Who?”
“Tony.  When he said I was gone too much.  Do I let Christianity get in the way of other responsibilities?”
“Christianity isn’t something you do.  It’s who you are.  You can’t separate it from your life.  Do you think you’re gone too much?”
“I don’t know.  Maybe.  I’d love to bring him with me on Sunday, but Mom doesn’t want it.”
“Yet,” Seth said, smiling.
Shawn grinned.  “But I do need to be careful.  He’s too young to be alone so much.  I never had to be so alone when I was his age.”
“You’re probably right.  But, Shawn, it isn’t your fault your dad isn’t here.”
“Did I say it was?”
“No.  You’ve never said anything about it at all.  You just act like you’re trying to make up for something.  I don’t know.  Just an observation.  I’m not given to great insight; that’s Jenny’s area.”
Seth was wrong; he did indeed have great insight, but Shawn chose to let the subject fall away, grateful for the arrival of the pizza.  Tony came down to get some and then returned to his room, claiming he had to study.  Shawn figured he’d really spend the night on the computer, but at least he knew where he’d be.
“So, how many finals do you have left?” Seth asked as he ate.
“Three.  I go all the way to Friday.”
“I’ve got two left.  I had three today.”
“Ouch,” Shawn said.  “I’m surprised you’re even walking around.”
Seth grinned and got up for another soda.  “Today’s weren’t bad.  Thursday is my worst and my last.  Friday I work first shift at the phone company.  It’s an okay job, but not very exciting.”
“So, Seth Roberts, what kind of job would you find exciting?”
“I’m just impatient.  I want to get all this school finished and get to a mission field.”
“What kind of mission field?” Shawn asked.
“I’m not sure.  I think I’d like to work in an orphanage.”
“Just don’t tell the kids you’re a parole officer,” Shawn said, laughing.  “I can’t believe you did that.”
“Yeah, I know sometimes I do things impulsively that might not be such good things to do.  What can I say?  God and I are still working on it.”
Seth soon left to study, and Shawn wandered to Tony’s room, surprised to find him really doing homework.
“Seth’s gone?” he asked, pushing his work aside.
“He had to study.  Finals week is a killer.”
“Shawn, were you really unhappy, like Seth said?  Were you lonely?”
“A little.  I did enjoy time with you, though.  When finals are over, I’ll try to do better, but I need to make money this summer, and right now I don’t have a job.  I don’t know what kind of hours I’ll be working when I get one.”
“No job?”   Tony scowled.  “What if you don’t find one?  Does Mom know?”
“Mom doesn’t know,” Shawn said.  “I’ll find one.  Don’t you worry about it.”
“If you don’t find one, I can try to mow extra lawns this summer,” Tony said.  “I can help.”
For a minute Shawn almost told him he didn’t have to help, but instead he smiled and nodded.  “I guess you’re old enough to help out.  Thanks.  I need to study now, too.  Tomorrow you’ll be here making dinner, to make up for today.”
Tony nodded, looking fearful.  “Will you tell Mom?”
“Not this time.”
“There won’t be a next time,” Tony promised.
“Good.  For your sake, I hope you remember that.”
Shawn had trouble studying, as the evening’s events whirled through his head.  He’d been blind to Tony’s feelings, so caught up in his new life that he’d forgotten his old.  He wished he had other friends with the kind of family responsibilities he did; sometimes their freedom bothered him.  But Seth was wrong—Shawn had a lot to do with the state of his family, and he did have to make some things right.


Chapter 5

It was almost four in the morning, but Shawn couldn’t sleep.   He’d put every bit of himself into finals, and he’d had a splitting headache ever since he’d finished his last at ten thirty yesterday morning.  It was official now—semester was over and he had no job.  
For two days he’d tried to tell his mother, but she always came in late and said a few frantic things about getting Tony ready for school, and then she disappeared to bed.  She sold real estate, and early summer was her busiest time.  Still, though, he was disappointed not to get even a moment of her attention. When he thought about it, they hadn’t communicated in a long time.  He had no idea how she felt about things right now.  He’d wondered about Seth’s question several times in the past few days, wondered what Mom expected him to do when he graduated.  Could she support Tony alone?  Would he get enough attention?  
He went into the kitchen to take another dose of painkiller, and then he ran a hot bath, hoping he could kill this headache and sleep.  Tomorrow he and Seth would have dinner with the Clearwaters, and he didn’t want to nod off during appetizers.  He also needed to be clear-headed enough to successfully put together Mr. Clearwater’s system, because he feared Seth was right, that he was undergoing a test, although Mr. Clearwater might not be aware of it.
Could everyone tell he liked Jenny?  How could he be subtler?  He enjoyed talking to her, for where he often felt lost in conversations about the Bible, she always put him at ease.  Beyond saying things in a way he understood, she often suggested she got insight from him, and that was more reassuring than she could imagine.
While the water ran, he went back to his room to get clean clothes, slipping his shirt over his head and walking back into the hall.  When he heard a gasp from the end of the hallway, he cringed.  
“You have hidden this from me,” his mother said, her voice cold as she moved closer and touched the scars across his back.  He pulled away, aggravated with himself.  She’d seen the scars, of course, but not since the accident, and more than once he’d lied to her and told her they had healed well to keep her anger at Dad at bay.
“I hide this from everyone.  It’s nobody’s business but mine.”
“How can you say that?” she spat.  She was tiny, but he backed up a step at her anger.  “I brought him into this house and gave him children.  Everything that happened between you is my business.”
“No, it isn’t,” Shawn said, hearing the anger in his own voice.  “That day was between him and me.  I was sixteen years old, Mom.  I’d known what he was for years; I knew how to handle him.  That day I just let things get out of hand, and we both paid for it, and now it’s over.”
“Shawn,” she said firmly, taking her face in his hand, forcing him to look into her eyes.  “It was not your fault.  In any way.  You had nothing to pay for.  Do you understand me?”
“Yes, Mom,” he said without enthusiasm, pulling away.  He’d never wanted to have this conversation with her.
“I don’t think you do,” she said quietly.  “I don’t think you ever will.  Why did you have to hide this from me?  Why tell me it was better when it wasn’t?”
“I didn’t want you to hate him more than you already do,” he said.  “Mom, I have a horrible headache.  Can this wait?”
“Apparently this has waited for four years,” she said, tears forming in her eyes.
“Please don’t cry.”
“I don’t know you.  We’ve both worked like crazy all this time to make a family, and yet we’re strangers.”
“We aren’t strangers.  This is all I’ve withheld.  Well, and one other thing.   I tried to tell you this week, but—“
“I’m not attentive,” she said, hurt in her voice.  She was a short woman, a trait she’d passed on to Shawn himself, with fair skin and delicate features.  She was young to have a college-aged son, and she was still very beautiful, but Shawn saw fatigue and age in her eyes he hadn’t seen before.
“You’re attentive.  It isn’t your fault everyone waits until spring to buy houses.  Mom, my computer job was canceled at the last minute.  I’ll look more tomorrow, but most of the good jobs are gone.  If I can’t make enough this summer, I’ll have to take a semester off or take just a couple courses in the fall.  You may be stuck with me longer than you’d planned.”
“I didn’t plan anything,” she said, stroking his face with her small, delicate fingers.  “You are such a hard worker, and there are no rewards for that.  I wish there were.  For your sake, I wish I could give you the world.  Mostly I wish I could return your childhood to you.”
“Oh, Mom,” Shawn said, hugging her as she wept.  “I didn’t miss anything.  A lot of kids work while they’re growing up.  It will look good on a resume, and then I’ll get a good job and we can all take a long vacation.  Where do you want to go?”
“Someplace with sand and tropical breezes,” she said, pulling back and touching the rough skin on his shoulder.  “You didn’t need to hide.”
He shrugged, remembering her bitter hatred of Dad after the accident, remembering how he felt responsible for that anger.  He loved her dearly, but she had made it impossible not to hide.
“Mom, I need my bath.  I have a post-final headache of epic proportions.”
“Then try to sleep in tomorrow,” she said, going back downstairs.
He watched her go and then climbed into the scalding water.  He didn’t think it possible, but his head hurt worse.  He hoped the water could soak away the tension.

The Clearwaters lived in a stately home in the Monroe neighborhood, a large community of other stately and even extravagant homes.  He’d worked one summer for a builder a few streets over, and he knew the neighborhood well.  He thought the street was beautiful, with large trees shading the road and hiding some of the homes.
“Nervous?” Seth asked as he pulled into the driveway.
“No.  I expected to be, though.  I got about two hours of sleep last night; maybe exhaustion helps get rid of anxiety.  I left my last final with a whopping migraine.”
“Sorry.  Mine were rough, too.”
Mrs. Clearwater answered the door, grinning and hugging Seth when she saw them.  She said something in Spanish, and he replied in kind, and they laughed.
“I’m sorry,” she said.  “I know too few people who speak my native tongue.  This young man has been such a trooper to put up with my need to chat in Spanish.”
Seth smiled as she led them to a small library off the foyer.  The house was bright and decorated with light-colored, small-scale furniture.  Although the Clearwaters obviously had money, they chose not to flaunt the fact.  In the corner of the room stood a computer system and wireless router.
“Well,” she said, “this is one of the machines.  He also has one downstairs, and there’s one in Jenny’s room.  Bill will be home in a few minutes if you have questions, although I doubt he can answer them if you do.  Jenny’s out, but she’ll be back before dinner, which will be ready in about an hour.  Seth, if you get bored in here, you’re welcome to help with the cookies.”
Mr. Clearwater had emailed Shawn yesterday with he wanted, so Shawn sat down at the desk while Seth sat on the sofa.  He felt strange messing around in someone’s system without them around, but he used the password he’d been given and began.  Mr. Clearwater arrived just as he was installing the last wireless card, and he sat on the sofa with Seth and watched Shawn type in wonder.
“I’ve just about got you set up,” Shawn said.  “For the next part I’ll need your input.  You want to bring all your computer data home?”
“I’ve wanted to work at home for a long time, and in this economy it makes sense to get rid of my office and just work here.”
Shawn finished the skeleton of the system when Jenny came in with a shopping bag.  She put her purchases away and then joined the other two behind Shawn.
“So, can you get Daddy working at home?” she asked.  “He’s wanted this for a long time.”
“I can,” Shawn said.  “It’s easy.  Just reinstalling his software and data from work here.”
“So, Shawn,” Mr. Clearwater said, “have you lived here long?”
“All my life, sir.”
“Oh?  What part of town?”
“River Park.”
“I worked on that neighborhood when I was finishing my degree.  I’ve always liked it over there.  You live with family?”
“My mother and brother.”
“Your parents are divorced?”
“My mother is a widow,” Shawn said shortly, looking hard at his work and not at his audience.
“I’m sorry,” Jenny said, and the sympathy in her voice caused him to look up and smile.
“It’s been six years,” he said.  “It’s okay.”
The room filled with a tense silence, and Shawn was very relieved when Seth broke it.
“I hear Alex and Tom will be working at Jefferson’s Auto this summer.  Alex was trying for a co-op job, but it didn’t pan out.”
Sounds familiar, Shawn thought, grabbing the thumb drive with Mr. Clearwater’s data.
“I think you’re the only one whose summer job relates to his life,” Jenny said to Seth.  “What are you doing this summer, Shawn?”
“I’m in Alex’s boat; my job sank at the last minute, too.  I’m looking for something else, but it’s pretty late to hope for anything good.”
“Things happen,” Seth said, a strange look in his eyes.  He looked at Mr. Clearwater and then shook his head just a little, as though jarring thoughts into place.
“How about you, Jenny?” Seth asked.
“Very funny,” Jenny said.  “I’ll be kicking up sawdust at Hope again, same as always.”
“You don’t like it?” Mr. Clearwater asked, looking surprised.  Shawn had no idea what they were talking about. 
“Of course I do, Daddy, but I don’t like the farmer’s tan and callused hands.”
“What’s Hope?” Shawn asked.
“Hope Homes. I’ve worked there many summers now, but I guess I have no choice with Bill Clearwater for a father.”
Things fell into place then, and Shawn turned to Mr. Clearwater in disbelief.  “You’re the Clearwater of Clearwater Homes?”
“I am,” he said, amusement in his face.  Shawn glanced at the computer screen, where the Clearwater logo had just popped up.
“I worked for Hyden Homes one summer.  He had nice things to say about your houses.”
“Thank you.”
Mrs. Clearwater called Jenny and Seth in to help with the baking, and Shawn was alone with Mr. Clearwater.  For several minutes they discussed computers and files and software, and then Mr. Clearwater sat back a bit and looked hard at Shawn.  He hadn’t been nervous before, but he was getting there now.  
“My daughter has said many good things about you, son.  You’re a new Christian?”
“Yes, sir.  Seth took me to a Christian concert where I accepted Christ.  I’ve really enjoyed the college group at your church.  Ben Atwood is incredible.”
“I think so,” Mr. Clearwater agreed.  “I worried about Jenny growing up, about dealing with college life and the pressures there.  So far, it’s been a great experience for our family.   Ben introduced us to the courtship ideal, too.  Have you heard of it?”
Shawn cleared his throat, wondering if Mr. Clearwater was aware of his feelings toward his daughter or if this was just a general warning. 
“Yes, sir, Seth told me about your family’s method of dealing with Jenny’s eventual marrying.”
“You say that with some hesitation,” Mr. Clearwater said, still looking amused.  “You don’t like the idea?”
“I don’t know enough to have a strong opinion.  I’m a new Christian from a non-traditional family.   It seems people like me are the kind of people the courtship movement tries to protect your daughter from.”
“If a man is a young believer, and he seriously feels he should be with a girl, he could disciple under the girl’s father for a time,” Mr. Clearwater said, his face thoughtful.  “You may be right about the family part.  I hadn’t thought of it.  Jenny, her mother, and I sat down and wrote out a list of qualities she wants a husband to possess.  We did decide he should have a strong family to model his family from.  But losing a father doesn’t mean your family isn’t still strong.”
“No, I suppose it doesn’t,” Shawn said.  He felt a bit sick.  No, he thought, but in my case my family isn’t strong.  And you’re telling me, not so subtly, that I am not your first choice for your daughter.
He was relieved when Mrs. Clearwater called her husband to the kitchen to help with dinner.
Shawn had most of the files ready before dinner, and while he worked he convinced himself Jenny’s father had not been speaking specifically to him about courting the girl.  Surely he knew Shawn hadn’t known Jenny long enough to be thinking things like that.  Except, of course, that Shawn was very much thinking things like that.  He sighed, thinking none of this could be good.  When dinner was on the table, he was relieved to be able to sit in the group and get out of his own head for a few minutes. 
Shawn enjoyed watching Seth with the Clearwaters.  They were comfortable together, and Jenny’s mom really liked Seth.  Occasionally they broke into Spanish, and Jenny translated what she knew, but she didn’t know much.  Mr. Clearwater knew none, and he rolled his eyes when his family changed languages.
“I apologize for their rudeness,” he said to Shawn with a smile.  “Paula left Columbia when she was eight, and she loves to hear her native tongue.  I always wish we’d insisted on Jenny learning more.”
“When I first started attending church, I thought Christians spoke a different language,” Shawn said lightly.  “I must admit it’s an easier one to learn than Spanish.”
“I suppose we do have a lingo of our own, just like any group does.  You speak computer lingo pretty well.”
“When I was growing up, I had to take a lot of odd jobs to help Mom.  I speak a lot of lingoes.”
Mr. Clearwater laughed.  The conversation at dinner was light, and soon they were clearing the table and then saying farewell.  Seth left first, and Mr. Clearwater pulled Shawn aside a moment into the library.
“Do you have another question about the PC?” Shawn asked.
“No.  I just….” He took a deep breath.  “Jenny is quite taken with you, Mr. Carpenter.  I don’t mind her having male friends, as long as you understand where we stand on dating and marriage.”
Shawn felt his pulse speed up.  “Jenny is teaching me many things about being a Christian.  I hope it doesn’t offend you if I continue as her friend.”
Mr. Clearwater frowned a moment, and then he nodded, not looking convinced.  “I’m not a hard man, Mr. Carpenter, but I am concerned for her heart.  Be sure you are as well.”
Shawn nodded and left, thinking that was as close to a blessing as he would get to be friends with Jenny.  He still had mixed feelings about the courtship idea and how it made him feel, and Mr. Clearwater’s words hadn’t helped, but he hoped he could keep up their friendship.  He didn’t know if he really wanted more, but he didn’t want to lose what he had.
“Trouble?” Seth asked when he got into the passenger seat of the old Buick.
“No.  Somehow, Jenny’s dad and I ended up discussing courtship tonight.”
“Oh?  How did it go?”
“I told him I’m just looking to be Jenny’s friend—like you are.  He made it fairly clear I’m not Jenny’s perfect mate.”
“Are you just looking to be her friend?” Seth asked quietly.
“I don’t know what to make of this courtship thing, and until I do I can’t be more.  I don’t even know if I want to.  Ben talked about men being spiritual heads of their homes, and to do that for Jenny, for anyone, I’d have to do a lot of fast growing, so I think I shouldn’t be thinking about any of this yet.”
Seth said nothing more on the subject, and Shawn was left to his own thoughts as they went home.
“I’ll pick you up in the morning?” Seth asked when they got to Shawn’s house.
“Sure.”
Seth frowned.  “Don’t give up on yourself, Shawn Carpenter.”
“What do you mean?”
“You won’t be a new Christian for long, and God has always had his hand on you.  I think you understand more than you know.”
Seth left, and Shawn had to smile.  Behind Seth’s ornery little-kid smile was a lot of thought and a scary amount of brains.  If Seth thought Shawn could grow and find his place in this life, then likely it was true, but he had no idea where that left him with Jenny Clearwater.  


Chapter 6

By Wednesday, Shawn was beginning to panic.  No jobs had presented themselves, and in a few days the high school kids in town would be done for the year and even the lower-paying jobs would be gone.  He knew he would have to settle for minimum wage, and then he’d graduate a semester or two later, and the idea just hurt.  He was ready to be done with this part of his life.  He’d been here, barely making ends meet, long enough.  While he would continue to help support his family, his help would really help once he got a computer job somewhere.  And he’d get benefits, as well, lightening the burden more.
He walked to the mailbox, looking down the street as he did.  This wasn’t nearly the neighborhood where Jenny lived, but it was still nice.  Little brick ranches, lots of shady trees, nothing to be ashamed of.  With the school kids still at school, it was quiet, although not many kids lived here.  The street was largely elderly people, which was good for Tony’s lawn mowing ambitions.
Sifting through the mail, he was surprised to see Seth’s handwriting, and he opened the letter as he walked back inside.  It hadn’t gotten hot yet this year, so he left the front door open so he could hear the birds outside.
“Okay, Seth, what’s up?” he said.  He pulled out a short note and a newspaper clipping from the campus paper.  Shawn didn’t even realize the campus paper ran in the summer.
“Shawn” he said, reading the note aloud, “I was doing my quiet time this morning and praying for you.  Within ten minutes these two things caught my eye.  Maybe it’s something you should consider.”
Seth had written down a Bible passage, and Shawn looked at the ad as he went upstairs for his Bible.  He had to laugh.  Clearwater Homes hoped to hire a couple college guys to help with cleanup and odd jobs on their construction sites this summer.  They hoped for someone experienced in construction, but it wasn’t necessary.
“Not what I was hoping for, but I do look better with a good tan,” he said.  He opened his Bible and lay across his bed, surprised at what the passage said.
The story was about a young man named Jacob who loved a woman so much he worked for her father seven years—no, fourteen years total—to marry her.  Shawn had read about Jacob’s father, Isaac, in the courtship article, as being a model of a godly marriage arrangement.  He wondered if they felt Jacob’s arrangement was godly, too.
Shawn spent the next half hour reading about Jacob’s life.  While not perfect, the man seemed to trust in God; God even gave him the name Israel to pass down.  Never did the text speak of his marriage as being a mistake, although the wife later died in childbirth.  The more he read, the more he began to think Seth’s idea was a good one.  He would make enough money to go back to school in the fall, and he could spend some time with Mr. Clearwater, or at least his foremen and employees, and begin to build some relationship there, in case someday he decided to have thoughts of marrying his daughter. Well, okay, more thoughts of marrying his daughter.
It was a plan, more of a plan than he’d had so far.  He sat down at his computer and printed out his resume, deciding he’d deliver it today.

Midway through his first day, Shawn remembered why he’d decided to go into computers.  He’d been on his knees for hours, screwing down floors with a loud piece of equipment, so his back hurt, and in the hot space he was sweating puddles on the hardwood.  He was glad he’d continued to work out all year, or he knew he’d be more miserable than he already was.
When the foreman called lunch, Shawn gladly dropped his screwdriver and forced himself upright.  His knee was not appreciating this, but he stretched it and managed to walk out of the house without a limp.  Everyone drank water for a few minutes before eating.
“Finally getting hot,” Sam said, wiping grit across his face with a gloved hand.  “Carpenter, how you doing in there?”
“I’ll have it done by the end of the day.”
“Good.  Nice to have someone on board this summer who knows the business.  Ever done any roofing?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Good.  When Mr. Clearwater gets here this afternoon, remind me to have him talk to you.  I’ll let you know which one’s him.”
“I, um, know him already,” Shawn said.  “I’ll keep an eye out.”
He ate with the drywallers, who always impressed him with their sheer strength.  They talked shop most of lunch, which was fine with Shawn, as he didn’t feel much like talking, trying to catch his breath in the heat.  Absently he straightened his leg, cringing and wondering how he would ever make it through the summer with a bum knee.  And I didn’t even get the ball over the net, he thought.  What a waste.
The group was cleaning up to leave when Mr. Clearwater arrived.  Shawn was almost surprised to see the man in a pickup wearing jeans and a dirty T-shirt. He grinned when he saw Shawn.
“Mr. Carpenter, I suppose I shouldn’t be surprised to see you here.  You did say you were looking for work and had experience in this area.  No computer work came up, I guess?”
“Computers?” Sam asked, wrinkling his nose.  “This kid’s too good out here to be an office man.”
“Good to hear,” Mr. Clearwater said.
“He also knows roofing,” Sam said, nodding.  Shawn suddenly knew he was in trouble.
“Ah.  Mr. Carpenter, were you aware that your college group is helping at Hope Homes this Saturday?”
“Yes, sir.  I plan to be there.”
“Wonderful.  Would you head a roofing crew?  Marty and I have to be away this weekend, and Jenny can help with the siding at one house, but I’d like to have people roofing as well.”
“I, ah, suppose I can do that.”
“Good sport,” Sam said, clapping Shawn on the back.
“It’s Thursday,” Mr. Clearwater said.  “Tomorrow just go to the new Hope site, and you can help Jenny get ready.  Do you know where it is?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Great.  God has put you in the right place at the right time.  And thank you for the computer, by the way.  My family likes having me home.”
Shawn smiled and watched the pair, foreman and builder, wander away passionately discussing some finer point of home building.    Although he wasn’t happy to be put in charge of a site, he thought he could do it.  One summer he’d done nothing but roof, so he knew he was competent at the physical part of it.  He wasn’t so sure about directing people, though.  He felt safe with machines and electronics; groups of people were something else entirely.  He could almost hear Seth tell him this was an opportunity for growth.  He had to laugh.

“You’re limping,” Seth said as Shawn walked across his living room and fell facedown onto the couch.
“Yes, I am.  And I’m hot and tired and in serious need of a shower.  By mid-summer I’m fine, but the first few days are killers.”
Seth grinned and pulled a towel out of his linen closet, tossing it on Shawn’s back.
“Thanks,” Shawn said.  He had no clean clothes, but it would feel good to get the dirt off his body and out of his hair.
Hot water soothed his knee.  He spent several minutes basking in the spray, lathering his hair twice to get the dust and dirt out.  When he finally turned off the water and stepped out, he was moving with less pain, and he picked up his shirt and decided he wasn’t going to put it back on.  Seth might ask questions, but he already knew about his accident, and it seemed entirely rude to come to dinner smelling like a construction site.
“Seth,” he said when he came out, “can I borrow a T-shirt?”
“Sure,” Seth said, looking hard at Shawn’s shoulder.  Grinning, Shawn slowly turned, his arms out, so Seth could see it all.
“Sorry,” Seth said, turning red.  “I didn’t even realize I was staring.”
“It’s okay,” Shawn said, shrugging.  “When it first happened I spent hours with a mirror staring at it myself.”
Seth left the room, returning with a shirt.  He slipped it over his head and went into the kitchen to help his friend prepare dinner.
“Was it a house fire?” Seth asked, looking uncomfortable.
“It was.  Curtain caught fire.  Cigarette set it.  It’s okay.  You look like you’re about to bolt out of here.”
“I’m sorry.”
Shawn had to chuckle, slapping Seth across the back in a friendly way and shaking his head.
“My friend, I’ve never seen you uncomfortable.  Nice to know you have your weaknesses, too.”
The tension broke, and Seth handed Shawn a salad to put on the small kitchen table.  In a moment they were seated, and Seth said a grace before they ate.  He’d made burgers, and it turned out Seth could cook.
“Great food.”
“Thanks.  So, the first day was rough?”
“Oh, no more than usual, I guess.  Taking a nine-month break isn’t good for the body.”
“But the knee—is it a good idea for you to do construction this summer?”
“We’ll find out,” Shawn said, trying to ignore the true concern in his friend’s eyes.  It irritated him a bit to be questioned this way.
“I feel responsible,” Seth said, “since I sort of suggested this job.”
“I’ll be fine,” Shawn said firmly.  “I have news.  Are you coming out to Hope Homes Saturday?”
“Yes,” Seth said hesitantly.  “Is this not a good thing?”
“Mr. Clearwater put me in charge of a site.  Roofing.  Jenny’s doing siding on another house.”
“I hate siding,” Seth said.  “Every summer since I was big enough to pick up a hammer I’ve spent weekends at Hope, and I always end up siding houses, and I always get half my wall done and realize the pieces didn’t snap together on the bottom piece, and I have to start from scratch.”
Shawn chuckled, having done this himself once when a pair of siders tried to teach him their skill.
“Maybe I’ll ask for you on the roofing team,” Shawn said.
“Please do.  I hear it’s going to be hot this weekend, too.  So, how do you feel about being a foreman?”
“I’m not a leader.  But, I guess it could be worse.  I was afraid he’d throw me off the site or something.”
“Did it really go that badly between you?” Seth asked, scowling.
“No.  I wonder if I lied to him, though.  I told him I just want to be Jenny’s friend, and I do, but every time I’m with her I just…really like being with her.  I promised to guard her heart, and I don’t know if I will.  I’m not really sure what that means.”
“You will,” Seth said with certainty.  “Don’t think so much, Shawn Carpenter.”
“I’m a construction worker.  I have lots of time to do nothing but think.”
“True.  Sing hymns.”
“I don’t know any yet. Well, I know a few words of a bunch now, but replaying five words over and over in one’s head for eight hours can drive a person nuts.”
“True.”
By the end of the meal Shawn was beat, and he sat in front of Seth’s TV and mindlessly surfed through channels.
“Mind if I crash here tonight?  I’m too tired to drive home.  I spent all day on my knees screwing down floors.”
“Sure.  You’ll stop working this job if it really hurts, won’t you?”
“Yes, Dad,” Shawn said, looking up with a smile.  He tossed Seth the TV remote.
“Okay, okay,” Seth said.  “Are you too tired for a movie?”
“Just don’t make me get up.”
“I rented something today.  We can watch it if you want.”
“Sure,” Shawn said.  “Let me call home first.  Thanks for letting me stay.”

“I’m surprised to see you nervous,” Jenny said, grinning. 
“Why?” Shawn asked, unable to stop pacing around the church parking lot.
“Yesterday, when we were organizing this thing, you seemed entirely at ease.”
“Organizing is easy.  Leading people is not.”
“You get used to it,” she said.  She scowled.  “I watched you yesterday and at my house.  You like to use your hands, don’t you?”
“I do.  I’m pretty good at figuring out how and why things work.”
“People aren’t that different.  I like to figure out how and why they work.”
“I suppose you’re right.  But they can laugh and reject you.  A computer or a screwdriver won’t.”
“Is that what you’re nervous about now?  Being laughed at?”
Jenny had a knack for asking bold questions, but she always said things in such a way he never felt she was pushing or prying.
“I want to see a roof come together today.  If it doesn’t, I’m responsible.”
“You don’t like responsibility?” she asked, grinning.
“Nope,” he said, playing into it.  “Carefree and extravagant—that’s me.”
She laughed, her eyes sparkling in the morning sun.  Both yesterday and today she’d worn old jeans and a T-shirt with the sleeves cut off.  Her long hair was up in a ponytail, and she wore a heavy tool belt at her waist.  He’d seen her use the tools, and he knew she was both skilled and strong; she’d worked with her dad for many years.
Seth brought Julie, who also worked at Hope, and she dressed just like Jenny.  Shorter than her friend, she had the strongest arms Shawn had ever seen on a lady, and she held her short hair away from her face with a blue bandana.  Seth towered over her.
“Ready for this?” Seth asked.
“Maybe,” Shawn said.  Julie smiled.
“You’re worried?  After yesterday?”
“I don’t know what you did,” Seth said to Shawn, “but you really impressed Julie here.”
“I moved roofing and siding materials,” Shawn said, shrugging.  
“No, you knew what they were,” Julie corrected.  “Every summer Jenny and I deal with college guys—and high school guys—who think they know everything about construction but who panic on a ladder and cry when they pound their thumbs.”
“Shawn here knows as much as you did,” Jenny said to Seth, smiling.  “Until, of course, you abandoned us to get a real job.”
“Sorry, ladies,” Seth said.  “That’s why I sent you Shawn here.  You two girls spend a whole summer without a smart guy around, and we’ll all be in trouble.”
Their light banter didn’t help Shawn, who tuned most of it out and watched cars come onto the lot.  Most had worked at Hope several times, and Jenny knew their strengths, so she would organize the groups, although she insisted Shawn be the leader of the entire thing.  She had admitted she wasn’t delighted being in charge herself.
So far, the day was cool, the sky full of clouds, and Jenny broke the group in half just a couple minutes after their meeting time, afraid rain would shorten their day.
“Okay,” she said to Shawn, “tell them what’s up today.”
Shawn cleared his throat and wondered how he had ever ended up here.  “We have two sites to work on today.  They’re within sight of each other, so we’ll break together for lunch.  I’ll be in charge of a roofing team, and Jenny will help the rest of you put up vinyl siding.  She’s already divided you, but if you want to change, that’s fine.  I do ask that anyone with a problem with heights work with Jenny.  We don’t need any accidents.  Watch out for each other, and don’t hesitate to warn people if you think they may be endangering themselves.  Hope Homes has had four straight summers without any injury requiring a hospital visit.  Let’s make it five, okay?  Jenny, anything to add?”
“Nope.  We’re the first group this summer, guys.  Let’s get as much done as we can.  I’ve met one of the families who will be living in these houses.  It’s a couple with three kids under the age of five.  They need a house soon.”
“Can we pray before we go?” Seth asked.
“Sure,” Shawn said, feeling he should have thought of that himself.  “Would you do the honors?”
“Of course.  Let’s pray.”
Everyone bowed their heads, and Shawn listened to his friend ask a blessing for the day, for safety and encouraging words and fellowship.  Seth had no fear of speaking in groups; he’d make a great missionary someday.  Shawn had yet to pray in public, and he was rather fearful to try.  He wasn’t sure what frightened him, especially since he prayed often throughout the day.  He loved the idea that he could talk to God any time, and he’d always have an audience.  He wondered if it would be so exciting to him if his own father had been available.
Shawn rode to the site with Seth, Julie, and Mark.  It took very little time to pass out tools and get everyone working.  Soon he sat on the roof with Seth, who was meticulous and rather slow.
“I’m afraid Julie really has a thing for you.”
“I know.  What do I do?  This has never happened to me before.”
“You’re not kidding, are you?” Seth said, looking genuinely surprised.
“Dating was never a priority for me.  I’ve worked, a lot, ever since I was sixteen.”
Seth shook his head a little and frowned.  “Since you lost your father?”
“It was hard for Mom.”  He shrugged, wanting out of this conversation.  When someone called for his help, he left and then moved around the roof and finally to the ground to help the cleanup crew, never quite getting back to the conversation.
The clouds broke around ten thirty, and the people on the roof happily turned over their positions to those on the ground.  Shawn spent too much time on the ladder, and he knew his pain was obvious.  Once he caught Seth watching him with a scowl, but he didn’t acknowledge it.  When Jenny called lunch, though, he could no longer avoid Seth or Julie.
“Shawn, you need to take it easy,” Seth said, pulling a huge sandwich out of his bag.  Considering his weight, the man ate more than anyone Shawn had ever known.
Shawn didn’t answer him, frowning as he downed a can of soda in a single drink. He didn’t want to have this conversation.  He knew he had a temper, and Seth was igniting it.
“What’s wrong?” Jenny asked.
“Nothing,” Shawn reassured her.  “How’s it going at your site?”
“Pretty good.  I have couple more people than I have jobs.”
“Me, too,” Shawn admitted.  “Your dad suggested we get that third site ready, but I didn’t think they’d all be so good.”
“This is the only group this summer that will be so good,” Julie said.  “So far, only one pair has snapped the siding together wrong and had to replace it.”
“I hate doing that,” Seth said.
“That’s right,” Julie said.  “You do have a problem that way, don’t you?  I prefer siding to roofing, though.  I just get too hot up there.  So, Shawn, what did you do to worry Seth here?”
Shawn shook his head and scowled at his friend.
“My knee still gives me a little trouble.”
“We could switch,” Jenny said.  “You can stay off a ladder at my site.”
“Good idea,” Seth said, giving Shawn no time to talk.  
“I’ll fill him in,” Julie said. 
“And I’ll make sure Jenny knows what we’re doing at the roofing site,” Seth said, giving Shawn an apologetic look.  Shawn just shrugged.  Not only was he being treated like a child here, but now he was being paired with Julie, who had feelings for him he didn’t return.  
Lunch ended, and as the girls walked away, Shawn got up slowly, not willing to let anyone see how stiff he’d gotten.  Seth gave him a hand.
“Sorry,” the tall man said.  “Maybe you and Julie will come to an understanding.”
“Oh, yeah.  Now you’ve got every maternal instinct she has aimed at my knee.  I’m sure it will be easy to turn her feelings elsewhere.”
“I didn’t think,” Seth said, shrugging helplessly.  “I just don’t want you to do so much today that you can’t finish the summer.  Pace yourself, okay?”
“I’ll try.”
The afternoon went smoothly.  Shawn stayed on the ground, and his knee barely hurt by the end of the day.  He worked with Mark and Tom on the house’s back wall, and he enjoyed the pair.  As the day wore on, more people got siding up without sliding it together right, and after the fifth time Shawn called it quits.  He also noticed sunburn forming on the group and decided it was too early in the year to be out this long.  Everyone would be sore, tired, and pink at church tomorrow.
“Julie,” he called, and she came down from the ladder at the home’s peak.
“You okay?”
“I’m fine, but we’re done for the day.  People are making mistakes, and they’re burning.  Go tell Jenny we’re starting to clean up over here, okay?”
“Sure.  Your knee’s okay?”
“It’s fine.”  He shook his head, knowing he’d snapped at her.  She looked at him with surprise.
“You don’t like to have people worry about you.”
“No, I don’t, especially when I’m really fine.  I’m sorry.  I’m tired.  I snap when I’m tired.”
“It’s okay,” she said, smiling, apparently not offended.  “We put in a long day.  But we got a lot done, didn’t we?”
“I think we did.  I think Mr. Clearwater will be happy with our progress when he returns.”
“He will.  Did you know he and Ben plan to have our group work the next six Saturdays?”
“He told me.  It’s nice.  I know some people who got housing in a Hope neighborhood.  I never thought about helping out.”
“I don’t see that side.  I just help build them and then move on.  What do they say, the people who move into them?”
“They’re thankful.  They take good care of their homes, at least the women I know.  Single moms.  They didn’t think their kids would grow up in a house.”
“You see things from a different perspective,” Julie said, moving closer.  “It’s nice.”
“Julie,” he said firmly, surprising himself.  “I, um, --“
“Aren’t interested,” she said knowingly, backing away.
“I wish I was.”
She laughed.  “You look like you think I’m going to slap you.”
“Sorry.  I’ve never had anyone interested before.”
She looked at him a long time, her eyes roaming from his hair down to his toes.
“I’m guessing you’ve had a lot of them interested, Mr. Carpenter,” she said, shaking her head in amusement.  “Or you’ve been living in a box since puberty.”
She left, and he stood there for a moment, unsure what had just happened.  He felt he’d been given a compliment, which was not what he’d expected.  Sitting in front of a computer was easier than trying to figure people out, especially female people, but now that he’d become a Christian, he was part of a huge family, and he knew he was going to have to learn to be with them.  Hiding was no longer an option. And right now he wasn’t sure if that was a good thing or bad.


Chapter 7

“Can I look?” Tony asked as Alex popped the hood of Mom’s car.
“Sure, buddy,” Alex said, frowning at Seth and Shawn.  “I’m glad someone here is interested in knowing how the automobile works.”
Seth grinned and picked up the basketball off the porch.  On Monday Mom’s car had completely died, and Seth had managed to get Alex and Tom to come Tuesday night to look at it.  Asking for their help made Shawn uneasy still, but he swept the feeling away and watched his younger brother looking with interest at the engine, wedged between the two large brothers.
“Your brother’s a good kid.”
“I think so,” Shawn said.  “At least I hope so.  Thanks for calling Alex and Tom for me.”
“No problem.  In payment you have to come have dinner with me again this week.  I don’t think I like living alone.”
“Deal.  Hey, I talked with Julie.”
“I know.  She told me in the car when I took her home.  It was wise to tell her how you feel.”
“I’m understanding the courtship thing a little more now.  Guard her heart.”
“What?” Seth asked.
“It’s what Mr. Carpenter told me.   He’ll respect my friendship with Jenny if I guard our hearts.”
“I don’t know.  I’m not sure that’s always possible.”  Seth looked uncomfortable, and Shawn wondered if he was thinking of Violet.  Seth hadn’t mentioned her in the past few days.
“Maybe.”  Shawn stretched, sore from carrying drywall all day.
“Long day?”
“Not really.  I’m remembering muscles I’d forgotten I had.  Do you think things went well on Saturday?”
“They were great.  You were wise to notice everyone burning.  I hadn’t even thought about it.”
“I guess I’m sensitive to burning,” Shawn said, grinning a little, wondering if the joke was out of place.  Seth laughed.
“I suppose you would be.  Was Mr. Clearwater pleased?”
“That’s why I asked.  He said four times today how pleased he was, and he only saw me for twenty minutes.  What did he expect us to do out there?  Just sit on the roof and drink soda?”
“He forgets how many of us grew up at Hope.  As soon as you get to middle school at Porter church, you spend many weekends with a hammer in your hand.  We’re fairly skilled, and we know we’re expected to work, and we get a lot done.”
“I’m just glad he was pleased.”
“He should be.  In a way, he took a gamble putting you in charge.  I mean, he doesn’t know much about you.  None of us do, I don’t think.  But it worked out.”
“You don’t think you know me?” Shawn asked, surprised to hear this.
“I know you.  I don’t know about you.  I know who you are now, but I don’t know the facts.  I don’t know how you got here.  It’s okay, but it’s true.”
Shawn watched Alex go under the car, thinking about this.  Seth was right.  But, he figured he didn’t know much about anyone else, either.  Maybe it was enough just to know them now.
Alex spent several minutes under the car, and when he slid out he conferred with Tom before approaching Shawn.
“We’ll need to go pick up some parts.  Can we take Tony along?”
“Sure.  Can I pay you for them when you get back?”
“Not a problem.  This kid knows a lot about cars.”
“His friend’s father is a mechanic.  He spends a lot of time there.”
As soon as they left his mom pulled in.  When she got out of the car Shawn knew she’d had a long, non-productive day.
“Hey, Mom.  I’ve got pizzas coming later.  Are you hungry?”
“I don’t know,” she said.  “Ask me after I shower.  Hello, Seth.”
“Good evening, Mrs. Carpenter.”
“Where’s Tony?” she asked, her voice nearly frantic.
“Two friends are here to work on your car.  He went to pick up parts with them.”
“Two friends?  Do we have any sodas in the fridge?  Or any food to offer them?  If I’d known, I’d have come home earlier.”
“Mom, it’s okay,” Shawn said.  He glanced at Seth, who nodded as Shawn took his mother inside.  She sat at the kitchen table, tears in her eyes.
“I didn’t know your friends would be here.  I’m not much of a hostess.”
“Mom,” he said, hugging her from behind.  “You’re the best mom ever, regardless.”
“Somehow hearing you say that doesn’t make me feel better.”
“You had a long day.”
“One client bought a home for sale by owner, and another changed agents after I showed her twenty houses.  I guess I just don’t feel too appreciated today.”
He poured her a glass of tea and patted her shoulder.  “Come out and sit with Seth and me.  The weather’s perfect tonight, and nobody can feel bad with Seth around.”
“True.  He’s a very cheerful young man.”
Shawn chuckled and convinced her to come out, where Seth didn’t let them down.  He had her laughing out loud when Alex and Tom returned.  
“Mom, meet Alex and Tom.  And guys, this is my mother.”
“You’ve got a great car, Mrs. Carpenter.  Looks good for a car its age.  You’ve got a great son here, too,” he said, patting Tony on the shoulder.  He looked at Shawn then and winked. “Two great sons.”
“Thank you,” Mom said.  “Do you think you can fix my car?”
“Oh, sure.  It wasn’t anything big.”
They got back to work, talking about parts Shawn had never heard of before. They stopped to eat pizza, but then they were back at it, and Mrs. Carpenter seemed very surprised.
“How much do I need to pay them?” she asked when the crickets began to sing and the yard cooled with the nearing night.
“Pay them?” Seth said.  “Pizza’s enough.  A few weeks ago Shawn installed a computer thing for a friend, and last semester I helped Tom with a Spanish paper.  It all works out.”
“Well.”  Mom looked at the trio at her car and smiled.  “Okay, I guess.  These are friends from your church?”
“Yes,” Shawn said.
“They were there on Saturday?”
“Alex had to work, but Tom was.  Why?”
“I don’t know.”
Seth grinned at Shawn as his mom looked at her car in wonder.  Tom got in just as the sun was disappearing and turned over the engine, which started as though it was ready to fly.
“Hey,” Alex said.  “Are we good, or what?”
“You guys are the best,” Shawn said, shaking his hand.  “I owe you, man.”
“I take a computer class in the fall, so you’ll pay,” Alex said, laughing loudly.  “Mrs. Carpenter, it was our pleasure to work on your car.  Pretty soon old Tony here will be able to do it for you.”
“Thank you,” Mom said.
“We should go,” Tom said as he got out of the car.  “We’ll see you guys tomorrow?”
“I have to work,” Seth said.
“But I’ll be there,” Shawn said.  “Guys, I really appreciate this.  I haven’t paid you for the parts yet.”
“Tony has the receipt,” Tom said.  “Just bring it tomorrow, or whenever.”
“Good.  Thanks.  Goodnight.”
Seth had come with them, all of them picking up Shawn at work, since his mom had his car today, and when they left his mom shook her head.
“Your friends are amazing.”
“They’re cool,” Tony said.  “They were really nice to me.  Mom, can we go to Shawn’s church someday?  Alex said they had a class of kids my age.”
“Maybe we will,” Mom said.  “Shawn, do you think we could go with you this Sunday?  Are they all that nice?”
“All that I’ve met.  I’d love to have you.”
“Okay.  We’ll try to go this week.  It’s the least I can do, I guess.”
Shawn was sure, if his mom actually sat in a church and heard about God, she’d understand and believe.  Tony, too.  It was what he wanted more than anything in the world, and he found himself smiling the rest of the day thinking God was going to answer this prayer for him.

“I have the best news,” Shawn said, almost running up to Jenny when she came in.  He paused, then, realizing something was strange.  “Where’s Julie?”
Jenny laughed.  “She did too much today.  Her back gives her trouble sometimes, so she’s at home with a heating pad.”
“Oh, I’m sorry.  I do that sometimes, too.”
“Your news?”
“Right.  My mom said she’d come to church this week.”
“What?” she said, looking as excited as he felt.  “Come sit down and tell me about this.”
He told her of Alex and Tom and how they got on with Tony, and how Seth had managed to lighten Mom’s mood, and then how she’d surprised him by saying she’d go this week.
“She’s nervous, though.  Being a widow makes her feel out of place.”
“I know exactly who we’ll introduce to her.”  She looked around the room and waved Tom over.
“What’s up?”
“Shawn’s mom is coming to church this weekend.  It’s her first time.  Will your mom be here?”
“Sure.  Yeah, Mrs. Carpenter and my mom have a lot in common.  I’ll make sure they get together.  Margaret Tanner is a single mom, too, and she’s great at making women feel welcome.”
“That’s right.”
Tom left, and Shawn laughed.  “I feel like we’re planning an ambush.”
“In a way, we are.  When Tom and Alex came here, their mom had just gotten divorced.  It’s embarrassing, but our church didn’t do very well at making her feel at home.  We’ve gotten better since then.”
“I can’t imagine anyone feeling left out in this church.”
“I wish that were true.  We haven’t had enough new people lately, and we get out of practice.  Our college group has to deal with new people all the time, so we’re pretty friendly, but the church at large….  Don’t be offended by this, but I know your family doesn’t make what mine does.  Do we ever make you feel bad because of that?”
“No.  Not at all.”
“Good.  A girl joined us a few times last year, and she said she left because we were snobs.”
“No, you’re not.  I think some people just feel it’s unfair if anyone makes more money than they do.  I see that a lot, being down in the lower money bracket.  They somehow think everyone deserves to be rich, whether they work or not.”
“I wish everyone could have what I do, but it just doesn’t work that way,” Jenny said, truly distressed by this.
“You do what you can.  Your entire summer is spent helping get people into houses. That means a lot.”
“I hope so.  So many people out there hurt.  I’m not as bold as Seth, and I don’t have the money to be as generous as Daddy, and sometimes I worry that I don’t do enough.”
“I think what you do is important,” Shawn said, smiling at her.  “I worry sometimes, too.  I know I have a tendency to hide out.  I work at the computer, or I work a million extra hours, and I don’t spend enough time with people.  Now that I’m a Christian I realize people are the most important thing.  Maybe the only thing that matters at all.”
“You’re right.  I never really thought of it that way, but it’s true.  That’s why we’re going to ambush your mom and make sure she knows how special she is.  I’m glad Alex and Tom were able to help her.  In John’s Gospel, during His last prayer before He died, Jesus prayed for our unity, that people will know us by the love we have for each other.  Since it was one of the last things He said, you know it really weighed on his heart.  It’s important to Him for us to have each other.”
“It amazes me when you do that,” Shawn said.
“Do what?”
“Quote Scripture.  You all remember so much—I get overwhelmed.  I’m not sure I’ll ever catch up.”
“Sometimes we memorize passages here in group.  Ben loves it.  Maybe we should suggest to him that we do it again.”
“That might be nice.  It might be easier to memorize with a group.”
“It’s fun.  Mark learns everything first.  He has quite the photographic memory.  And Julie’s pretty good herself.  Hey, she told me you two talked.”
“What did she say?” Shawn asked, concerned.
“Only nice things.  I had a feeling she was more interested in you than you were in her.  I’m glad you got it straightened out.  That kind of thing can really cause trouble in a group of singles like this.”
Shawn nodded, saying nothing.  Mark and Violet appeared in a moment, and the subjects then changed until Ben started group.  Shawn realized halfway through that this was the first time he’d come to group without Seth.  He now thought of this as his group, not a place where he was just a visitor.  It felt nice.
As Shawn was leaving, Jenny stopped him in the parking lot.
“I almost forgot.  I know you were nervous last week about heading up one of the projects, but you did a good job.  Think you could do it again?”
“I thought Marty and your dad were going to be here this week,” Shawn said.  Marty was Hope Homes’ foreman.
“They are, but Dad wanted to get one more site going.  It’s just interior painting.  He asked me to do it, but it’s better to have guys in charge, I think.  Well, mostly I guess I just hate being in charge.”
“I can do it,” Shawn said, smiling at her uneasiness.  “Interior painting’s not a problem.”
“Good.  Thank you.  Really.”
She smiled and went to her car, and Shawn grinned.  He enjoyed sharing a job with her.  And, since it was supposed to be ridiculously hot Saturday, being indoors might be nice. Of course, right now he felt so good about things almost anything sounded good to him.

“You’re early,” Seth said as he opened the door.
“I could stand in the hall for fifteen minutes,” Shawn said, grinning.
“Very funny.  Get in here.”
Normally they got together Tuesday mornings for breakfast and a quick Bible study before work, but Seth had had to work third shift and hadn’t been awake.  Now Thursday, Shawn sat on Seth’s sofa and put his Bible down beside him.
“Hey, I have news.  Mom and Tony plan to be on church Sunday.”
“That’s wonderful.  It seems we’ve been praying for this forever.”  He laughed.  “Why is it that we ask the very Creator of the Universe for something time and again for months, and then we’re amazed when he answers us?”
“I’m just glad He did.  I hope everyone’s nice on Sunday.  One bad experience and she might not come back.  Tom and Alex are planning on having their mom introduce herself.”
“Good idea.  Have faith, my friend.  Hey, I have some news, too.  Yesterday I was accepted to seminary, pending I keep up my GPA this year.”
“That’s great,” Shawn said.  “We’ve having a good week.”
“That we are.  Unfortunately, after I read my mail last night I lost track of everything else and didn’t prepare a study for us.”
“That’s okay.  May I ask a question and put you on the spot?”
“Shoot.”
Shawn opened his Bible, and Seth sat beside him.
“In Genesis.  I’ve been thinking about the passage where Isaac gets a wife, thinking about its relationship to contemporary times.  Why do you suppose Rebekah was given so many gifts by the servant?  Did she go with him because of the money?  I have trouble applying this passage to today.”
Seth read the passage and scowled.  “To be honest, I’m not sure.  There’s no mention of a bride-price, but that was a common practice, for a man to give a woman and her family wealth when he married.  Opposite of the Indian dowry practice.  It could also be a sign the servant was who he said he was.  Abraham was kin to Rebekah’s family; they would know of his prosperity even if they’d never met Isaac.”
“Okay,” Shawn said.  “It helps to know the culture, doesn’t it?  Gives some clues to motives and feelings, things that aren’t always obvious in the text.”
“Do you want to study Bible-time cultures?  I have some books you can borrow.  They shed a lot of light on both Old and New Testament lifestyles.”
“Right now I’m beat when I get home at night,” Shawn said.  “A good book might be nice.”
Seth went to his room, where he kept a large, messy collection of books, and Shawn looked over the Genesis passage again, imagining a servant coming to his door and asking to take his daughter away to marry a stranger.  Suddenly he understood Mr. Clearwater’s reluctance to see Jenny matched with Shawn, a virtual stranger himself.
“Start with this one,” Seth said, handing him the book.  “You look like you’re thinking deep thoughts out here.”
“Maybe.  Will you be at Hope this Saturday?”
“I’ll be there.  What are we doing this week?”
“Mostly interior work, I think.”
“Jenny’s got her pool open, I hear.  I bet it will feel nice after working construction all day.”
“I don’t know,” Shawn said.  “I suppose I should show up a couple times so I won’t offend people.”
“Why don’t you want to go?”
Shawn gave Seth a dark look, and he frowned.
“Oh.  But you can wear a shirt if it makes you that uncomfortable, like you did at the beach.  Anyway, it’s not as bad as you think.”
“You didn’t see your face when you saw it,” Shawn said, shaking his head.   
“I’m sorry,” Seth said sincerely.  “It just surprised me.  Sometimes I feel like I’ve known you forever; I forget you had a lot of life before I met you.”
Shawn looked at his Bible uncomfortably.  “I’ll be at the pool sometime this summer.”
“I won’t push,” Seth said, “but if you ever need to talk about it, you know I’m here.”
“I know.  It was just a small fire.  Not that much to tell.”
Seth didn’t look convinced, but he said no more about it.  Instead, they ate hot cereal and talked about things they’d learned in their devotion times this week.  Seth answered a lot of questions for Shawn, and Shawn soaked it all up, trying to learn everything he could about the Bible as fast as possible.  Everything he learned changed his perspective of God in some way, and it fascinated him to find such depth.  Seth had once said a person never stopped learning about God’s character, and Shawn found he agreed with that more each day.
Eventually he had to go to work, and he spent the day thinking about Jeremiah and Isaac and the disciples, mulling over his limited Bible knowledge as he cleaned up a work site.  He hummed something from Sunday morning, a hymn whose words he couldn’t recall, and he had to laugh at himself.  Until recently he wouldn’t have listened to a hymn unless it was played by an electric guitar, and now he hummed them in his spare time.
At some point he realized Mr. Clearwater watched him from the roof of the house.  He waved hello, and the man came down and approached him.
“Mr. Carpenter, how is your knee?”
“Fine, sir.”
“Good.  I want you to do some roofing for me.”
“No problem, sir.”
“Good.  Benny’s going over right now.  You go with him, and I’ll bring your car over later.”
Shawn fished the keys out of his pocket and handed them to his employer, his cheeks a little warm.  “It’s a mess, I’m afraid.”
“You’ve seen the bed of my pickup,” Mr. Clearwater said, chuckling.  “Go.  Roof.”
Shawn jogged over to Benny’s truck and slid into the passenger seat.  Benny was a young guy, probably in his mid twenties, who’d worked with Mr. Clearwater since high school.  He was deceptively small; he could lift more than Shawn by nearly fifty percent.
“So, where are we going?”
“Kirkland Hills.  You been there?”
“No.”
“Mansions, man.  The kings of England didn’t live better.  The hardest part of this job is making houses a thousand times better than anything I’ll ever live in.  I mean, I help build them, but I wouldn’t even be welcome in these driveways when they’re done.  And they don’t deserve it, lazy bums.  Sit in front of computers all day or have secretaries do their work while they golf.  Only consolation is knowing they’ll get fat and die of heart attacks and leave rich young widows who like working-class guys like me.”
Shawn stayed silent, unsure what to say.  Benny didn’t seem to mind as he laughed and continued.
“I hear you’re a college guy.  You’re good on site; why waste your time crackin’ books?”
“Somebody’s got to get rich and leave the widows for you,” Shawn teased.  Benny laughed with abandon.
“You’re pretty cool, man.  Not stuffy like some college guys we get here.  You live in town long?”
“All my life.”
“Me, too.  My family’s all here—aunts, grandparents, about a million cousins.  You got family here?”
“Just my mom and brother.”
“Your dad walked?  So did mine, when I was no bigger’n a grasshopper.  Didn’t matter so much—I’ve got enough family to make up for it.  You the oldest?”
“Yeah.”
“And no family.  Is it tough?”
“It’s life,” Shawn said, shrugging.
“You said it, man.”
They continued in silence to a section of town unfamiliar to Shawn, and he whistled when they got to Kirkland Hills.
“Didn’t I tell ya?  Mansions.”
Benny hadn’t exaggerated.  The homes were huge brick buildings with iron lamps lining the driveways and brass lions at the property lines.  Maybe half the homes were completed, and the lawns were landscaped flawlessly and had Porsches and Mercedes in the drives.
“I didn’t know we had this much money in the whole city,” Shawn said.
“Them roofs are high, too.  Even I get a little nervous up there sometimes.”
Benny stopped at a home with three garage doors.  Two men were already on the roof, and Benny took some tools out of the truck and climbed the ladder to join them.  Shawn followed.  The men at the top were older and smiled at the pair.
“Dan, Al, this is Shawn, college guy of the summer.  He’s a native like we are, and he’s roofed before.”
“You really roof?” Dan asked.
“Hyden Homes.  A couple summers.”
“Clearwater had him run roofing at Hope a week ago,” Benny said.  “From what I hear, the roof don’t leak and nobody died.”
Shawn laughed, and the day wore on without problem.  The men were nice enough, especially Benny, but at the back of Shawn’s mind a voice seemed to whisper to him that his co-workers were lost.  They talked like their only goal was surviving until Friday, when Dan and Al played poker and Benny went to clubs in the darker parts of town.  His heart ached for them, and it surprised him.
“Clearwater’s coming,” Benny said when the day was nearly over.  Shawn watched his car drive in, and Mr. Clearwater mounted the ladder and came to the top.
“I’m impressed, gentlemen.  You’re farther than I expected.”
He surprised Shawn by pulling out a roofing hatchet and helping for the next hour.  When quitting time came, he asked Shawn for a ride home.
“Of course, sir.”  They climbed in and rode in silence for a couple minutes until Shawn broke the quiet with a question that had bothered him all afternoon.
“Mr. Clearwater, do you ever hurt for unsaved people?  How do you know when is a good time to mention something about Christianity?”
“I do hurt for them.  And yet, I wish I hurt more, because then I might be bolder.  I’m not sure there’s a wrong time to discuss eternity, but I think people are more likely to listen to someone they trust, someone in whose life they see God working.”
“Seth became my friend before he really said much about God.  In a way I felt he set me up—gained my trust so he could sway my heart—but it was the most wonderful set up ever, and he got nothing out of it.  It was unselfish of him.”
“True, it was unselfish, but I think he also got something out of it.  Good friends are invaluable.  We as Americans are very isolated people.  We hear about disasters minutes after they happen, but we don’t know our neighbors.  I’m thankful for the Porter group you and Jenny and Seth share.  You’re all part of something intimate and special.  Don’t lose it.”
Shawn thought it an interesting warning, but it also made him a bit fearful.  He hadn’t considered the possibility of losing these friendships, not after he’d waited so long to find them. 


Chapter 8

“So, boss, tell us what to do,” Alex said as he, Mark, and Jenny stood around the painting supplies.  It was barely past nine, and already their shirts were wet from sweating.  Shawn shook his head and smiled.
“We’ve got two ladders, right?” he asked Jenny.
“Yes.”
“Okay.  The back bedroom has been painted, so Jenny can take one ladder and do the trim.  Mark, you and Alex tackle the living room and kitchen.   I’ll finish the high parts in the second bedroom.”
“Sorry,” Alex said, “but Seth made me promise to keep you on the ground today.  If Mark can do the high parts, you can help me in the big rooms.  Okay?”
Shawn rolled his eyes and tossed Jenny a couple trim brushes.  Even when he wasn’t here Seth was too paternal.
“What’s with you and ladders?” Mark asked as Jenny and Alex began moving supplies.
“Remember my volleyball save that…didn’t?”
“Oh.  You hurt it that bad?”
“No.  But Seth seems to think so.”
“He’s always been like that.  Well, I’ve only known him four years, but he has a strong gift of mercy.  He’d make a great nurse.  He’ll make a great missionary.”
“He’d make a great grandmother,” Shawn said, shaking his head.  Mark laughed and went into the back room, and Shawn joined Alex in the kitchen.
“I understand your mom will be at church tomorrow,” Alex said, standing on the counter painting above a cabinet.
“That’s the plan.”
“My dad isn’t a Christian.  It can really be rough.  Your dad isn’t around, right?”
“Right.  For six years now.”
“Mine left four years ago.  The people at Porter weren’t sure what to do with Mom.  They felt she should reconcile with my dad, but he walked out.  He sent a lawyer around a couple times, but we don’t even know how to find him.  Hard to reconcile with a ghost.”
“My mom might like talking with your mom.  She isn’t divorced, but she had a hard marriage while Dad was alive.”
“I’m sorry.  I didn’t know he’d passed away.”
Shawn nodded and picked up a trim brush, going around the side of the cabinets.  Normally he liked painting, liked the time to think and use his hands and see something dull come to life, but today it was just too hot.  Even the fans they’d brought in didn’t help.  He wished the central air system was running, but it would probably be unfair to be comfortable while the other groups were outside.
It didn’t take long to realize this was not a good idea.  In the heat the paint fumes were overpowering, and with a deep breath to clear his head he moved into the bedrooms to check on the others.  Mark looked white.
“Sit,” Shawn ordered, steadying his friend as he helped him off the ladder.  “Mark, you don’t have to stay up there.”
“I didn’t even think,” Mark said, sitting with his knees up and resting his head on his legs.
“Don’t move,” Shawn said, going back to the kitchen.
“Alex, take in some water for Mark, and help him outside, okay?  We’re done for the day.  I’m going to get Jenny.”
Jenny had gotten off her ladder, but she looked a little pale as well as she met him in the hallway.
“I can’t remember a day this hot before,” she said.  
“The paint fumes in these small rooms aren’t helping,” he said, taking her arm and making sure she got outside.  He sat her under a tree next to Mark and Alex.
“Let’s go clean up,” he said to Alex.  “Then we’ll see if the others are still out here.”
A truck pulled up just as Shawn got the last brush cleaned out, and Marty came in with a grin.
“Good job, Carpenter.  We had to shut down all the sites today.”
“Mark and Jenny aren’t feeling well,” he said.
“Nobody’s feeling well.  Violet almost passed out, too.  I came to tell you to stop, but you seem to be one step ahead of me.”
Marty looked like a construction worker.  He was older, maybe fifty, his white hair a stark contrast to his dark, leathery skin, and he was always covered in dust.  He kept one hand tucked into his tool belt when he wasn’t using it, and now he untucked it and helped carry paint cans to the truck.
“Are you guys okay?” Shawn asked Mark and Jenny when he passed the tree.
“We’re fine,” Mark said sheepishly.  “I feel ridiculous.  I’m sorry we didn’t help you clean up.”
“It’s okay.  Just go home and take a cool shower.  And stay out of the heat.”
“I was thinking of having everyone over to my pool,” Jenny said, “but the longer I sit here the more I think I’ll just take a nap.”
“Do,” Marty said.  “Best way to fight a little heat sickness is to nap in a cool room.  And drink lots and lots of water.”
They had come to the site in Jenny’s car, and Alex drove it back to the church.  Jenny and Mark went into the building to cool down before going home, and Shawn and Alex joined them.  The other groups had already gone.
“This feels good,” Mark said, shivering a bit in the air conditioning.  Shawn forced them both to drink another couple glasses of water.
“I thought I was going to throw up,” Jenny said.  “I don’t think I’ve ever been so hot.”
“I came with Steve,” Mark said, “and his car’s gone.  Can I beg a ride home from one of you?”
“Where do you live?” Shawn asked.
“Central Heights.”
“I’ll drop you,” Shawn said.  “Jenny, can you drive home?”
“I’m fine.  I guess I’ll see you all in the morning.  I look forward to meeting your mom, Shawn.”
He smiled and walked with them to the cars.  Mark still looked pale when he got him home, but he was sweating nicely, always a good sign.  His first summer of construction, Shawn had gotten heat sick twice, so he knew how miserable Mark felt.
“Thanks for the ride,” Mark said as he got out.  “And for thinking more clearly than I was.  You know, Seth may not be the only one with a strong dose of grandmother.”
Shawn smiled and pulled away, yawning.  He thought he’d go home, shower, and take a long nap himself.  They hadn’t accomplished much today, but Shawn still felt good about it, pleased that he’d been able to take care of his crew.  Maybe he was a better leader than he thought.

Seth smiled as Shawn sat down next to him, but in a moment he scowled.
“You’re alone.”
“I know,” Shawn said shortly.  He was disappointed and in a horrible mood.
“What happened?”
“She’s been working too hard, she said.  She needed to sleep in.”
“I’m sorry,” Seth said sincerely.
“Me, too,” Shawn said, not looking at Seth.  He’d almost sat alone, not feeling like conversing this morning.  He couldn’t believe his mother had made such an excuse.  His dad had done it all the time, he remembered, always too tired or too sick…too drunk, he thought.  Admit it.  But Mom was true to her word.  She worked too hard and couldn’t commit to much, but on rare occasions when she did, she kept her word.
The organ music didn’t calm him.  He was upset with God for getting his hopes up and then dashing them.  Some part of him felt his mom would do this every week now, say she’d come and then not do it.  Wasn’t that how it had started with his dad?
Seth was strangely quiet, apparently sensing Shawn’s need to be left alone, and Shawn didn’t engage him in conversation.  His parents whispered at the far end of the row, and his sisters giggled amongst themselves, and it all made Shawn feel worse.  He had a new Christian family now, but he wanted his old family included.  He looked at the families around him, stopping when he got to Tom and Alex and their mother, knowing at least one family in this building understood.  Watching them calmed him.  
By the end of the sermon he felt bad about his earlier attitude.  During the prayer of confession, when the pastor gave the congregation a chance to confess sins silently, he told God he didn’t mean to lose faith so quickly and easily.  He was upset by how fast he’d blamed God for disappointing him.  He’d let his temper run with him, a temper he worked hard to keep locked away.
By the closing hymn he was just sad.  He wanted Mom and Tony here so badly he could taste it.  Mostly, he wanted them healed.  His family had been destroyed six years ago, and although they went through the motions, healing had never truly occurred.  Mom still hated Dad, six years dead, and Shawn still resented being the cause of such hatred, and Tony still never talked about any of it.  Only God could heal their individual souls and the spirit of his family.  Until a few months ago he didn’t even know healing was possible, didn’t even realize they still hurt, but now that he did he wanted to share it with them.
“Want to come for lunch?” Seth asked when the service was over.
“No, not today.  I think I’ll spend the day with Tony.”
“You’re okay?” Seth asked.
“I will be.  Just disappointed.”
“Sometimes, when God first grabs a person’s heart, that person responds by running.  Hard.  Just remember God always wins these stamina things.”
“Thanks,” Shawn said.  Tom, Alex, Julie, and Jenny converged on him, and Seth chuckled and slipped out.
“No mom,” Jenny said sadly.
“Not today.”
“It’s okay,” Julie said, putting a hand on his arm.  “Maybe next week.”
“I hope so,” Shawn said.
“Would it help if my mom called her and invited her?” Alex asked.  “Maybe she could invite her to dinner or something so she’ll already know someone when she walks in the doors.”
“Maybe,” Shawn said.  “Can I think about that?  She works crazy hours right now.”
“Sure.”
Tom gave him a sympathetic pat on the shoulder, and the group drifted away.  It was nice to have them care, but it didn’t really take away his other feelings.   As he walked out Mr. Clearwater stopped him.
“I didn’t get to thank you yesterday for making sure everyone got home okay.  I couldn’t believe the heat.  The whole week is supposed to be like this, and I have a high school group from the north coming to help at Hope.”
“Since Jenny got sick yesterday she’ll really know what to watch out for.”
“True.  Twice now I’ve heard reports about you watching out for the Hope groups.  I wonder if you’d be willing to help Marty, Jenny, and Julie this week.  An extra set of eyes watching this high school group would put my mind at ease.  I’ll pay you your regular salary, of course.”
“I’d be glad to help, sir.”
“Good.  Mr. Carpenter, I never imagined what a blessing you’d turn out to be,” he said, walking away as he moved to catch someone else.  Shawn was flattered, but he still felt he hadn’t been entirely honest with the man.  He’d kept his promise, though, treating Jenny like Paul had told Timothy men were to treat the young women, as beloved sisters.  He was proud of himself for remembering the Bible passage; he’d been working hard to get parts of it into his head.  Seth had encouraged him to memorize the order of the books first, and now that he’d mastered that he was moving ahead.  He supposed this was part of growth.  It pleased him to think he was growing, maybe in many ways.

Julie’s back had healed, so she was able to rejoin the work projects at Hope during the hot week.  On Monday, the group of teens painted, and they had to quit early.  On Tuesday, the weather cooled a bit, and they sided a house.  Shawn enjoyed the kids, not feeling at all uncomfortable working with them.  They didn’t question his authority, assuming since he was here he knew everything they needed.  He found he liked the respect.
“I think you might need to go back a couple rows,” He said, walking to a side where a guy and two girls were pounding nails into the house.  He reached down and showed them where two pieces of siding hadn’t connected.
“Oh, not again,” one girl said.  She was tiny, not more than fourteen years old, but she didn’t hesitate to do anything he asked of her.
“Don’t worry about it,” Shawn said.  “You have to fix it, of course, but everyone misses a few when she first starts.”
They moaned a bit, and he walked to the next side, where Jenny held a piece of siding while an older teen boy secured it.  The kid hit the nail with confidence; this wasn’t his first time building.
“Looking good,” Shawn said.  “Jenny, I think it’s about time to send them home for dinner.  I understand Chapel Church is making dinner tonight.”
“Yum,” Jenny said.  “The ladies in that church make quite a meal.”
“Are you coming?” the boy asked.  Shawn thought his name was Rick.
“Not tonight.  We’ll be eating with you tomorrow, though, since my church is hosting.”
“Good,” Rick said, grinning broadly and moving around the house.
“I think he likes you,” Shawn said with a smile.
“Happens all the time,” Jenny said.  “Even more with Julie.  A bunch of us are going swimming at my pool tonight.  Will you join us?”
“I have to be with Tony.  Mom’s working late tonight.”
“Bring him.  Julie’s brothers are coming, and one of them is his age.”
“Well, I suppose I could.  He spends too much time alone in the summer.”
“This group is doing very well.  It’s hot, but they don’t complain at all.”
“I know I’m impressed,” Shawn said.
Mr. Clearwater pulled up in his truck to lead the group to Chapel, and Jenny ran to greet him.  Shawn followed.
“Daddy, I’m riding with Shawn to pick up his brother.  We’re going to take him swimming.”
Mr. Clearwater looked at Shawn uncertainly, and then he smiled.
“Okay.  Looks like you got a lot done today.”
“We did.  Good group.  Make sure the ladies at Chapel really make over them tonight.  They’re troopers.”
Mr. Clearwater smiled and began to look for the youth leader, and Shawn led them to his car.  Julie had gone a few minutes earlier, taking one of the girls back to the hotel who’d been feeling a little sick.
“Thanks for the ride,” Jenny said, blushing.  “I didn’t even ask you, though.  I’m sorry.”
“Don’t worry about it.  When you all take me for granted it makes me feel like I’m part of the group.”
He smiled, and she chuckled.  “Shawn Carpenter, what did we do without you?”
They talked about tomorrow’s work as he drove across town to his house.  Tony was outside shooting baskets a couple doors down, and he ran to meet them, stopping when he saw Jenny, disappointment in his eyes.
“Does this mean you won’t be hanging out with me tonight?” he asked, not hiding his distress.
“I was hoping you could hang out with me,” Shawn said.  “Jenny has a pool, and her friend Julie has some brothers about your age.  Does a swim sound good?”
“Cool,” Tony said.  “I’ll get my suit.”
He ran inside, and Shawn led Jenny inside, hoping Tony had straightened up a bit today.  The room wasn’t perfect, but it was presentable, and Jenny sat in the recliner.  Shawn suddenly noticed how old and ragged the furnishings were, but Jenny didn’t seem to see it.
“Great chair,” she said.  “I like your brother.  He really loves you.”
“He’s a good kid,” Shawn said.  “I’ll change and be right down.”
He dressed quickly, surprised he could even find his suit.  He put on his heaviest T-shirt and slipped on sandals, listening to Tony talk to Jenny as he walked down the hall.  Whereas Shawn was a little backward, Tony could talk to anyone about anything with no fear.
“Ready?” Jenny said when Shawn reappeared.
“Sure.”
Tony and Jenny carried the conversation on the drive to Jenny’s house.  Tony asked many questions about the high school group working at Hope, and he was impressed to hear the middle school group from Porter would be working one weekend in August.
“Mom says we can go to church someday.  Maybe I can be part of that group.”
“They would love to have you,” Jenny said.  Tony beamed.
When they got there, Jenny disappeared to change, and Tony went immediately to the water to find a place with Julie’s brothers, who splashed in the shallow end.  The pool was surprisingly huge, and about twenty college students were already in the water or at the edge.  Alex called a hello from the water, and Seth left his place with Violet and came to greet Shawn.
“We’re over here,” he said, taking Shawn’s towel and dropping it on his own.  “The water’s great.  Jenny and Julie are getting dressed?”
“Jenny.  Julie’s helping one of the teenagers.  She got a little heat sick, I think.”
“Surprising only one got sick.”
“Are you enjoying the summer?” Violet asked.  She was tall and slender, and she looked even more so in a bathing suit.  She fit Seth.
“I am.  More than I expected.”
“Is that your brother?” she asked, pointing at Tony.
“Yep.”
“He acts like he’s known Julie’s brothers forever.”
“That’s Tony.”
“Seth, too,” Violet said.  She gave Seth a strange look, and he looked away.
Jenny soon appeared, walking to the diving board and making an impressive entrance into the water.  She surfaced near Shawn and Seth and smiled.
“Come on in, guys.”
“I just got out,” Seth said.  “I was getting a little cold.”
“I can’t imagine being cold,” Jenny said, dunking under to smooth her hair.  Shawn kicked off his sandals and sat on the edge, dangling his legs.  As he did Tony appeared, standing behind him and laughing.
“Come on, Shawn.  Take off your shirt and get in.”  He pulled Shawn’s shirt up to his neck and stopped, gasping when he saw the scars.  Shawn closed his eyes and swallowed hard.
“Shawn, what happened?”
“Nothing,” he said firmly.  “Let go of my shirt.”
Tony didn’t, hesitantly touching the rough skin on his back.  Shawn pulled away, and the shirt fell into place.  Only Violet and Seth had seen anything, but Jenny looked on curiously from the water, concern in her face.
“That happened the night Dad died, didn’t it?” Tony asked.  Shawn whirled on him, suddenly angry.
“We can talk about this later.”
“I remember that night.  You and dad were yelling, and then the house filled with smoke, and the screaming and the siren.  You were gone so long I didn’t think you’d come back, just like he didn’t—“
“Tony, that’s enough,” Shawn yelled.  He realized he stood and screamed at his brother just as Dad had yelled at him.  Tony looked fearful, and Shawn saw himself in the boy.  He glanced around; now twenty-five sets of eyes stared at them.
“I’m sorry,” he whispered.  “I have to go.”
He grabbed his keys off his towel and ran to the gate, vaulting it in one smooth motion.  His knee ground angrily when he hit the ground, but the pain felt good, matching the pain in his gut.  As he ran to his car, he heard the gate grate behind him.
“Shawn,” Seth called.  “Shawn, wait.”
Instead of stopping, he sprinted to the car and started the engine, squealing his tires in his haste to get away from the stares, away from his fear that he would ever become his father.


Chapter 9

He headed for the country roads.  More than once he’d come out here to get away, having nowhere else to go.  The roads crossed streams and hills and went on for miles, green and alive and refreshing.  Since his father’s death he’d worked hard, and he never had time off, not with Mom and Tony always needing his strength.  Out here in the country was the only place he could go and not be found.  He’d done it so many times he barely had to think about the driving, and he played the radio so loud it hurt, drumming all his thoughts away.
Eventually he had to let his thoughts come.  He had no idea Tony had heard any of that night.  He wondered if Mom knew; he assumed she did.  Certainly Tony had asked questions, and he feared he knew how she had answered them.  She’d hated Dad for that night, and likely she’d fed that into Tony as well.  It surprised him to realize they’d never once talked about it.
After awhile he pulled off the road into the grass, because tears had started, coming without his bidding, and he could no longer see the road.  The sky was darkening, and he’d left Tony, simply run off and abandoned him, and he didn’t know if he wanted to go back and apologize or just disappear.  For a long time he’d thought about disappearing, but that wasn’t an option.  He was trapped, and he’d been trapped ever since his dad had died six years ago.
“I am my father,” he said, needing to hear the words.  They weren’t true.  They could never become true.
And now he’d embarrassed both himself and Tony in front of everyone.  Most of them didn’t know what had happened, but Seth, Violet, and Jenny did.  He’d seen in their faces the same look he’d seen at the hospital so many years ago.  He wondered if they’d always look at him like that, with eyes of pity and fear.
“I am not that moment in time.  I’m more than that moment, so why can’t I get past it?”
He lay his head on the steering wheel and let the tears fall, no longer fighting them.  He’d never cried for his dad.  He’d been unable to attend the funeral, and he’d never wept; he had been strong.  He had to hold things together, and he’d done a good job, but now they were unraveling, and he didn’t want to be strong any longer.
“God,” he wept, “why did you let me run?  Why couldn’t you have helped me hold my tongue?  What good can possibly come from this?  Mom missed church and I got angry, and then I got angry with Tony.  I’m sorry I react with anger.  I don’t think about who you are and who I am, and I just react.  Please help me to do better.”
A couple cars passed, and he wiped his face and decided it was time to go home.  He had to make sure Tony was okay, and he feared Mom would worry.  Tomorrow at work he’d apologize to Jenny, and at group in the evening he’d apologize to Seth.  He’d made a mess, but with God’s help he’d put it right, regardless of how tempting it was to drive into the country and not return.
He didn’t hurry, and by the time he got back to his street it was nearly one in the morning.  Seth’s car was parked in his drive, and he paused a moment, running a hand through his hair, wondering what waited for him inside.  The lights were out, so he hoped he could put off seeing anyone until morning.
He moved quietly through the dark house.  The living room was lit by streetlights, and he was surprised not to find Seth on the sofa.  When he got upstairs, his friend was a silhouette in the recliner by the window.
“I’m glad you’re okay,” Seth said quietly, his voice warm.  Shawn sat on the bed and hugged himself, suddenly cold.
“I’m sorry.  I shouldn’t have run.  It just…I just…I didn’t know what to do.”
“It’s okay.”  Seth moved beside him and placed a blanket on his shoulders.  “Maybe it’s time to talk about it.”
“I never have.  Not to anyone.”
“I guessed.  What happened to your family, Shawn?”
“He was an alcoholic.  He wasn’t mean or abusive.  Mostly he sat in his chair and had no idea what was going on around him.  Sometimes he left for a day or two, but he came back.  But that night I was mouthing off, and we really got into it.  He threw his cigarette over my shoulder, and I yelled at him, and he shoved me.  Only the curtain had caught fire, and then I caught fire.  He left, and two days later they found his body.”
He spit the words out in one breath, and it seemed he’d given them a life they hadn’t had in six years.  He smelled the smoke and heard the words and saw the panic in his father’s eyes, the last look his dad gave him.  Mostly he felt the pain and the fear he would die.  His stomach rolled, and he ran into the bathroom, slamming the door behind him.
He was sick.  He leaned over the bowl and retched and let the tears fall again, completely out of control.  Finally his body relaxed, and he sipped some water and splashed a little on his face.  How had tonight gone so wrong?
“Shawn?” Seth asked from beyond the door, his voice giving away his concern.  Shawn opened the door, and Seth returned his blanket to his shoulders and steered him back to the bed.
“I’m so embarrassed,” Shawn said, lying back and closing his eyes.  
“It’s okay to hurt and grieve,” Seth said.
“Tonight I saw myself screaming at Tony, and it was Dad, yelling at me.  I have never touched alcohol, thinking it made my father what he was, but tonight I was him sober.  It scared me.”
“You aren’t your dad.  You love Tony very much.”
“Dad loved us,” Shawn said firmly, hoping it was true.  “It’s why he died, so he wouldn’t hurt us again.”
“What do you mean?  How did he die?”
“Self-inflicted gunshot wound,” Shawn said.  The words sounded horrible.  He’d never said them out loud.
“I’m sorry,” Seth said.  He sat beside Shawn with an arm around him.  They were silent nearly a minute.
“You haven’t eaten anything,” Seth said gently.
“I couldn’t keep anything down.  Thanks for waiting for me.”
“Your mom needed me here, I think.  Alex brought Tony home, and I went to my house thinking you might go there.  When you didn’t show I came here, and your mom was almost frantic with worry.  Tony had gone to bed without telling her anything.  I told her you had been upset and needed some time, and she kept asking me where you’d go.  I assumed you’d come home, and she suggested I wait.  I think she went to bed around eleven.”
“I didn’t mean to worry her.  I just…” he shrugged, shivering.
“You’ve never stopped to let it hurt.  Shawn, you aren’t your dad.  Anyway, you have a new Father now.  You can grow up to be just like Him.  It’s no coincidence Tony and I both saw your scars.  It isn’t a coincidence you had to tell somebody about all this now.”
“I just hate the way people stare.  In the hospital….  I never wanted to see that look again.  Now I’ve seen it from you and Jenny both.”
Shawn stood up, swaying a bit, hungry and tired but unwilling to eat or sleep.  Seth rose and forced him back to bed.
“Sleep.  You’re too tired to think.  Just sleep.  I prayed for you all evening.  Now just let God work.”
Shawn nodded, slipped his shirt off, and let Seth tuck him in like an infant.  He felt numb.  When Seth went for the hall, Shawn frowned and called to him.
“You’ll stay?”
“On the sofa.”
“Thanks, Seth.”
“Don’t worry about it.”
Shawn smiled, feeling safe for some reason.  He wanted Seth to be right, and he could sleep while God made it all better somehow.  He still had to apologize and set things right with a lot of people, but if Seth could understand and forgive, perhaps the rest would, as well.  With those hopes in mind, he fell asleep quickly.

The day was the hottest of the summer, and Shawn sat on a roof with Don and Albert, the roofers for Clearwater homes.  He’d worked with the pair before, and although their conversation was always a little crude, they were nice guys.  Today he’d been silent, though, thinking about last night and this morning, neither of which left him feeling good about anything.
He’d overslept.  Seth had already gone, leaving a note saying Jenny had called and he wasn’t to go to Hope today; the teens were taking the day off to swim at the lake.  Mom was gone, too, and Tony was in bed.  Shawn had dressed quickly, embarrassed by his lateness, and had not bothered with breakfast, his stomach still a bit queasy.
Just as he’d gotten to the back door, Tony had stumbled in, and Shawn stopped to apologize to him.
“Tony, I’m glad you’re up.  I was way out of line last night.  I won’t ever do that to you again.”
“I was afraid you wouldn’t come back,” Tony said, his voice quiet and hurt.
“I’ll always come back.  I promise you that.”
Shawn hugged his brother close, but Tony pulled away.
“Mom said he deserved what he got, but you don’t believe that, do you?”
“Not really.  Mom hates him.  I don’t.  I know he loved us.”
“How could he love us?” Tony asked.  “He left.  He ran just like you did.  But you came back.  I hope you really do keep coming back.”
Tony had left the kitchen, and Shawn still had a sick feeling in his stomach that things were terribly wrong.
“Hey, kid, you okay?”
“A little under the weather, maybe,” Shawn said, forced back into the present.   He looked at the men and smiled.  “Why?”
“You look a little off.  Isn’t Tuesday night a bit early for partying?” Albert asked.
“It would be if I partied,” Shawn said, grinning.
“Right,” Don said, shaking his head.    He was barely older than Shawn, and he’d been roofing with Albert since high school.  He was good at it.  “Shawn’s a good boy.”
He rolled his eyes; they enjoyed teasing him.
“At least he knows which end of a hammer pounds in a nail,” Albert said.  “Not like most of these college guys.”
Shawn said nothing.  He was too hot, too distracted to join their games.
“Seriously, Carpenter, you don’t look so good.  I think I’d feel better with you on the ground today.  Go work on the floors.  Better yet, just take the day off.  Nobody would blame you in this weather.”
“I’ll work on the floors,” Shawn said, moving to the ladder and going into the house.
It was no cooler inside, but the sun wasn’t on his head, so he felt better.  He enjoyed the silence, broken only by the sound of machinery.  Tonight he’d have to face Jenny and his mom.  He wasn’t looking forward to it, but it had to be done.  As the day wore on, he thought about what it meant to turn control over to God.  He’d always hidden, always controlled what people knew about him.  Now that safety was being stripped away.  The Porter group was swallowing him, forcing him to give of himself in ways he hadn’t imagined.  He’d read verses about bearing each others’ burdens and becoming united, and now they were beginning to make sense.
“Mr. Carpenter, I thought you were roofing today,” Mr. Clearwater’s deep voice said, and Shawn jumped, startled, and looked up into his boss’s face.
“I wasn’t feeling well.  Albert told me to come down.”
“It’s a hard day to be out here.”
Mr. Clearwater watched Shawn for several seconds, making him nervous.
“Was there something else, sir?”
“I’m not sure.  My daughter is worried about you.  She said you weren’t feeling well last night.  This wouldn’t be a bad day to go home.”
“I’ll be okay, sir.”
Mr. Clearwater didn’t look convinced, but he said nothing else, leaving Shawn alone again.  He was happy to be alone.

Taking a deep breath, Shawn walked into the college room, almost glad not to see Jenny or Alex.  He sat in one of the front rows and ran a hand through his hair.
“Hey, are you okay?” 
He jumped and turned to face Jenny Clearwater.  “I’m fine.  I was hoping to see you tonight.  I want to apologize.”
“You scared me a little,” she said, sitting beside him.
“I scared myself, too.  I never intended to yell, and I certainly didn’t mean to run off and leave Tony.  I just…I reminded myself of my dad, and that scared me a lot.”
“I didn’t really see what Tony saw, but….” She shrugged.  “Did your dad hurt you?”
“I was in a house fire he accidentally started.  We were arguing, and things got out of control.  He couldn’t forgive himself for it.  I wish…I regret not telling him, before he died, that I forgave him.”
“I’m sorry,” she said with such sincerity he almost felt guilty for telling her.
“Don’t be,” he said quietly.  “I’m really not as pathetic as you may think.”
She chuckled and patted his shoulder.  “You’re not pathetic.  You feel.  Seth and Alex are that way, too.  So many older Christians don’t seem to.  When life gets hard they start spouting Bible verses and talking about how much joy they’re experiencing.  I don’t know—I think they still feel pain.  I hope they grieve and feel and cry.  I think the Bible is full of passion—King David, Jesus himself.  I hope becoming a strong Christian doesn’t mean we lose our passion.  I hope I will always be able to tell God it hurts.”
“I tell God it hurts a lot,” Shawn admitted.   Her wisdom and tender heart were so appealing he felt a startling desire to kiss her.  Instead, he patted her hand and stood.
“I need to find Alex and thank him for taking Tony home.”
“Sure,” she said.  “You know, if you ever want to talk about anything, you can talk to me.”
“I know,” he said quietly.  “Thanks.”
But, he thought, the more I talk to you the more I fall in love with you, and soon I’ll be breaking my word to your dad, if I haven’t already. 
“Oh, did Daddy tell you about Saturday?”
“No.  What’s up?”
“We have a day off.  The high school group will just be painting, and he decided he doesn’t need the Porter group until next week.”
“I’m not sure I know what to do with a day off.”
“I have some ideas,” Seth said, approaching with Violet at his side.  “Alex has been after me for a year to do some exploring with him.  This would be a great weekend to do it.”
“Exploring?”
“You’ll see,” Seth said.  “Catch me before you go, okay?”
“Sure,” Shawn promised, walking to the door where Alex was coming in with Tom and Mark.  Alex moved away from the group and frowned at Shawn.
“You’re okay?”
“Yeah.  Sorry you got stuck with Tony.”
“No problem.  I don’t really know what happened, but I suspect your family fell apart worse than mine.  I’m sorry, man.  It’s rough.   Tom used to put his fist through walls, just after my dad left.”
“Tom?” Shawn asked, surprised.
“I know.  Sounds unbelievable.  Things just hurt, and it was hard to know how to deal with them.”
“I hear that,” Shawn said.
Ben started the meeting in a few minutes, and Shawn took a seat beside Seth.  The meeting was refreshing, the message from Philippians about having joy in difficulty.  Shawn had to smile, thinking about his talk with Jenny.  When it was over, the group lingered quite some time, and when it began to break up Shawn cornered Seth.
“So, what’s up?”
“Have you talked to your mom yet?”
“No.  I overslept, and she was gone.”
“I have no right to say this—I never experienced the things your family has—but I think you and she really need to sit down and talk.”
“You have a right.  And you’re right.  I never realized…she told Tony things, things about Dad.  She hates him, you know?  And now he does, too.  If she’s up to it, I’ll talk to her tonight.”
“I’ll pray about it,” Seth said.  He patted Shawn’s shoulder and then surprised him with a hug, laughing.  “Our lives were dull before you.  I’ll talk to you tomorrow.”
Violet waited for Seth outside, and Shawn had to grin about his life.  A few months ago he let nobody close, and now he was close to these people emotionally, spiritually, and even physically.  After the fire he wasn’t sure he ever wanted to be touched again, but it didn’t scare him as much as he’d expected.

The kitchen light was on, and he went in the back way, finding Mom at the table with a soda.  She was dressed for bed, in a T-shirt and boxers, her hair in a bright headband.  She was pretty, small and elegant-looking even tonight.
“Alex said you’d run off.  He said you’d be home soon, but I wasn’t so sure.  You’ve never run before.  I didn’t know what you were thinking.  I was afraid you wouldn’t come back.”
“Tony said the same thing.  I’m not going anywhere.  Please forgive me.”
“Of course I forgive you.  How could you not know Tony knew?”
“How could I, Mom?  We’ve never once talked about it.”  Shawn recognized his growing anger and took a deep breath.
“You were in the hospital forever, and then I just wanted to put it behind us.  What was there to say, anyway?  He drank; you got hurt; and he died.  There’s nothing else.  Anyway, I guess we all chose to hide things from that night.”
He nodded, running his hand through his hair.  He didn’t know what to say to her, but he knew things had to be said.
“Seth was great,” Mom continued.  “He listened to me rant.  He tried to offer comfort, but I wasn’t to be comforted.  I was afraid.  More afraid than I have been in a long time.”
“I didn’t mean to scare you.  Tony said things, and I found myself yelling, just like Dad, and I had to get away from there.  I drove for a long time.  In a way it scares me to be like him.  I love him, but I don’t want to be him.”
“But you are.  You’re very much like him before…before the drinking.  He was a sweet man.  He loved me very much.  He loved all of us.  But then he wasn’t that man any more.  At first he said he’d quit.  He’d lost his job and it just helped him sleep at night.  Then he tried to quit a few times, but it never lasted.
“Finally he stopped talking about it.  He was able to work, and he wasn’t mean, so I just let it be, but it hurt.  He wasn’t the man I married.  It was gradual, but one day I realized I didn’t like him anymore.  I never planned to spend more time taking care of him than his children.”
She sniffed back tears, and Shawn realized he’d never thought about this before.  He’d never considered Mom and Dad before the drinking.  He really didn’t remember the Dad she described, and he knew it had to have been a devastating disappointment to her.
“I’m sorry, Mom.  I never thought about it.  Does it bother you that I’m like him?”
“No,” she said, smiling through tears.  “I loved him.”
“But since the accident you’ve hated him,” Shawn said.  “And Tony hates him, too.”
“I suppose I have.  When he killed himself, he took away any chance we had to fix things.  I’ve never forgiven him for that.”
“Please do.  Please let Tony grow up without carrying that hatred with him.  It’s too hard.”
“I don’t know if I can,” she said.  “Don’t you remember?  What he was like?  And then those first days in the hospital?  Nobody could even tell me if you’d survive.  How can I just push it away like it never happened?”
“I don’t know.  I don’t have answers.  I just know I had to hide because I caused all that hatred.  You say it isn’t my fault, but it sure felt like it was.”
“Maybe I hate him because then I don’t have to hate myself for letting it happen.”
He nodded.  It seemed they’d had this conversation before.  It didn’t get them anywhere.
“I still want you to come to church with me.”
“Do you really think that will make things better?” she asked bitterly.  “If this God of yours cares about us, why do these things happen?”
He sighed and put his thoughts in order.  “Hard things happen.  God lets them—even plans them—because He will move heaven and earth to make us grow and learn and become more like Him.  Unfortunately, we learn best in hard circumstances.”
“I suppose nothing worth having comes easily,” she said quietly.  “This week I’ll come.”
“Good.  Alex and Tom’s parents are divorced.  She would like to meet you.  She knows how hard it is to be a single parent, and she’s nice, Mom.”
“Good.  I don’t want to be the only one.”
She got up and hugged him from behind before leaving the room.
“You’re a good boy.  I’m glad you came back.”
He grinned, thinking how well this had gone and wondering if Seth’s prayers had been a part of it.  The thought made him smile as he went up to his room to get in bed himself.


Chapter 10

“I’m not sure this is my idea of a day off,” Shawn said as he peered into the small, dark cave entrance.
“Oh, come on,” Alex laughed.  “Where’s your sense of adventure?”
“You’re sure Bob really made it through here once?” Tom asked, turning his flashlight over in his hand.  The four of them sat in the woods outside a cave, wearing heavy clothes and shoes in the day’s extreme heat.  They had walked nearly a mile to get here, in shorts, and then they’d changed in the woods and had a light breakfast.  The land belonged to Bob and Mandy, who’d told them they could go through the cave anytime.
“So they know we’re here today, right?”  Shawn asked.
“Well, no.  I didn’t really tell anyone,” Alex said.  “You guys worry too much.  We crawl in, see what we can see, make some memories, and by lunchtime we’re at the other end, near our cars.”
“Sounds like a plan,” Seth asked.  “Well, let’s get started.  I for one have always wanted to try this, although it sounds frighteningly like exercise to me.”
“And we can say we’ve gone spelunking,” Tom said.  “I love that word.  It rolls off the tongue, you know?  Spelunking.”
Shawn laughed, a little excited about this himself.  He’d never done anything like it.  Alex led, which made him feel good; any place Alex could get through, they could all get through.  Tom followed, and Seth went next.  Shawn took up the rear.
The cave was narrow.  For the first few minutes they could duck walk, but then they had to crawl.  Shawn found it difficult to hold a flashlight and crawl, but he did it, terrified by the thought of being caught here in the dark.  He heard little from his friends, as they spread out and concentrated on moving through the difficult passage.  His hands began to hurt, and he wished he’d brought gloves, and soon his feet were sore from pushing with his toes when it got too low to crawl.
It seemed they moved forever.  The cave was cool, but sweat formed on his brow and occasionally dripped into his eyes.  He was quickly finding out he didn’t like small, enclosed places.  He tried to slow his breathing, but he felt a wash of panic as his toes slipped.  I’m at the end, he thought.  What if I get stuck and they leave me here?
He had to laugh at himself.  Nobody was going to leave him here.  He wasn’t sure where this fear came from.
The tunnel suddenly dropped about five feet, and Seth’s hands reached for his, helping him down into a small room.  As he moved he dropped his flashlight, and when he picked it up it had stopped working.
“Uh oh,” he said, swallowing down true panic.
“Take mine,” Seth said.  “I’ve been close to Tom the whole way.  I’ll use his light.  If you can stay close behind me, I’ll be okay.”
“Thanks,” Shawn said, surprised how much the gesture moved him, especially since he knew he wouldn’t have done it if he’d been Seth. 
“Isn’t this the coolest?” Alex asked, flashing his light around the little room.  The four of them just fit, the ceiling barely above Seth’s head.  The walls were fairly smooth, and they looked damp, like they’d been glazed, although in the dim light colors were impossible to distinguish.  Running water sounded in the distance.
“I think I like wide open spaces,” Tom said.
“Amen,” Shawn agreed.
“I’m enjoying it,” Seth said, laughing.  “I wasn’t sure I would.  Where’s the next tunnel?”
“Down here at my feet,” Alex said.  “We ready to move on?”
“Let’s go,” Seth said.  Tom and Shawn said nothing.
Shawn tried to stay close to Seth, shining his light ahead so his friend wouldn’t be in the dark.  The tunnel went down, but its ceiling was higher here, high enough to let them crawl.  Shawn much preferred crawling to lying on his belly scraping forward with his toes and fingertips, but his knee protested vigorously either way.
“Uh oh,” he suddenly heard from Tom.  Up ahead he heard a splash, and he stopped, aiming the light as far ahead as he could, but it showed him nothing.
“What?” Shawn asked, hearing the edge to his voice.
“Wait a minute,” Seth said, moving forward out of Shawn’s light.  He heard noises and voices, but he didn’t know what was happening.  After several minutes Seth backed up and talked to him.
“There’s another little room, like where we first stopped.  Alex climbed down, but it’s deep, and he’s in water up to his waist.  Seems he forgot about the tides.”
“What?” Shawn asked.
“We’re not far from the coast, you know?  At high tide we can’t go any farther.  We’ll have to wait for low tide, when the water goes out.”
“Can’t we just get him out and go back?”
“No room.  I’m too tall to turn around, and Alex can’t get back up.”
“So, when’s low tide?” Shawn asked, lying on the cool rock.
“Not long, I don’t think.  A couple hours, maybe?  We need to turn off our lights so they won’t run out of juice while we wait.”
“You’re kidding,” Shawn said.  “Okay, okay.  Keep talking, though.”
Shawn closed his eyes against the dark and laid his head on his arm, wishing he were at work or home or anywhere but here.  The rock below was cold and uncomfortable, and he felt time was nearly stopped.  He could only imagine Alex felt worse, stuck in cold water.  He hoped he’d be okay.
“I think I’m looking forward to working at Hope next week,” Shawn said.  Since Seth couldn’t turn in the low passage, Shawn talked to his feet, but Seth heard him well enough. “Two hours isn’t nearly up yet, is it?”
“A little claustrophobic?”
“More than I imagined possible.”
“Will you be okay?”  
“If you keep talking,” Shawn said.  “How’s Alex?  That water must be cold.”
“I’ll check.”
He moved ahead, and Shawn was alone in the darkness.
Don’t let me die in here, God, he thought.  I don’t like it in here.  I feel like I’m going crazy with panic.  Please send me some of that peace that passes understanding.  Please.
“He’s cold, but I don’t think it’s dangerously cold,” Seth said, backing up to him again.  “Tom’s talking to him.  Tom’s about as freaked as you are.”
“This doesn’t bother you at all?”
“Not really.  I don’t like the parts where my head barely fits through the tunnel, though.  I keep bumping it.  I probably have a bald spot.”
Shawn chuckled.
“I talked to my mom.”
“I wondered,” Seth admitted.
“It went well.  She says I’m like my dad before he started drinking.  I don’t remember him that way.  She was afraid I wouldn’t come back.”
“It crossed my mind a couple times, too, but I just couldn’t imagine you leaving for good.  You feel too responsible for your family.”
“I suppose,” Shawn agreed.  “It sounded good, though.  Just driving out into the country and not turning back…”
“I’m glad you came back.  Have you moved over to Hope Homes permanently this summer?”
“No, I don’t think so.  They could use the help, though.  Marty makes a great foreman, and the contractors who volunteer their time are great, but the school groups need extra help.  I enjoy them, too.  I see why Jenny does this every summer.”
Seth was silent a moment, and when he started to speak Shawn knew he was going to ask a hard question.
“Can you see you and Jenny as a team?  Like a married team working construction?  Spending every weekend with kids? Little ones teething on hammers?”
“Let’s not jump ahead of ourselves, okay?” Shawn said, laughing.  “Let’s get out of this blasted hole before we marry me off.  How about you and Violet?  You two seem pretty close.”
“I don’t know,” Seth admitted, his voice sad.  “I don’t think she could go with me to a mission field.  I enjoy her, but we have different paths in mind.  I was thinking about that when I asked about you and Jenny.  You two could follow the same path.”
“Are you going to stop seeing Violet?” Shawn asked, knowing Seth didn’t want that.
“I suppose I have no choice; it isn’t fair to take her heart.  I wonder if she sees it, too.  I think she does.  Lately…I just think it isn’t right, and we both know it.”
“I hope so, for her sake,” Shawn said.  “I’m sorry, Seth.  I know you like being with her.”
“Yeah.  It’s rough.  I think I see a little more why the Clearwaters don’t want Jenny to go through this.  But I can’t imagine not looking for someone to be with.  Maybe I don’t have enough faith.  Maybe I’m afraid to let God have control over my love life.”
“I understand,” Shawn said quietly.  “Jenny’s way is different, if nothing else.”
“You’re in love with her, aren’t you?  I mean really seriously in love with her.  If her dad came up to you and suggested you marry her, you’d do it.”
“Yeah,” Shawn said sadly.  “I think I am.  I’m not supposed to be, though.  She’s my friend.”
“Maybe we won’t get out of here,” Seth said, chuckling.  “Then neither of us will be in trouble for messing with girls’ hearts.”
“Nice thought,” Shawn said, grimacing.  “The ladies can just weep over our graves.”
Seth laughed, and although they were being a bit morbid, it seemed to lighten things.
Shawn had no idea how much time passed when Tom called back that the water had lowered.  He instantly turned on his light, and soon he jumped down into the pit where poor Alex had spent hours, splashing in the shallow water at the bottom, which covered his ankles.  He was cold and stiff and couldn’t imagine standing here in water waiting.  When Shawn hit the ground in the pit, he stifled a moan; his knee had not hurt this much since the night he’d injured it.
“You okay?” Seth asked.
“Just stiff.  Let’s go home.”
They resumed as they had, with Seth between the two lights.  Seth reported Alex was okay, just cold, and they picked up the pace as they moved, tired, hungry, and needing to relieve themselves.  Shawn found himself falling behind, especially in the lower passages where he had to move with his fingers and toes.  His knee really hurt.  As they moved, he tried to distract himself by going over Bible verses he’d been practicing, and although he only knew a few, after several minutes of reviewing them, he felt better, calmer.  God had created this cavern at the beginning of the world, so He could easily see and guard the group as they moved through it.   If God meant for them to die here, they’d go to Heaven and see Him in person.  If not, they’d get out safely.  He really had no reason to worry.
“Tom says light ahead,” Seth called back eventually.  “Shawn, are you back there?”
“I’m here,” he replied.  He’d fallen so far behind they couldn’t see his light.  For minutes now the tunnel had moved up, and suddenly he could see the light himself.  Seth pulled him out the last couple feet, and he fell, completely unable to put weight on his knee.  Tom stood against a tree, and Alex sat at his feet, shivering.
“We need to get him home,” Shawn said.  It was lighter out here than in the cave, but he realized it wasn’t really light.  A full moon lit the clearing.
“We need to get him warm,” Seth said.
“I’ve got a couple blankets in the trunk, and some candy bars and water bottles in the back.  I don’t know about driving back tonight.  I know I’m not awake enough, and Shawn certainly isn’t driving,” Tom said.
“I’m tired, too,” Seth said.  “Good thing you brought the Bronco.  We’ll just camp out.  Alex, is that okay?  We can find a hospital if you need one.”
“I’m okay,” Alex said.  “Just chilled to the bone.”
Tom and Seth both helped Alex to the big old vehicle, putting him in the center of the back with a blanket, a candy bar, and a water bottle.  Seth then returned for Shawn, who let his friend pull him to his feet and pull his arm over his shoulder.
“I thought your knee was better,” Seth said, sounding angry.
“So did I,” Shawn said, grinding his teeth against the pain. Seth shook his head.
“Sorry.  I’m tired and worried about Alex.  And you.”
“I’ll be fine.  I’m worried about Alex, too.  I can’t believe we did something so stupid.  Like we were in third grade again.”
Seth laughed.  They all huddled in the truck to warm Alex, and they slept quickly.
Shawn woke up leaning on Alex’s shoulder, Seth asleep across his lap.  The sun shone through the few trees, and the birds sang a loud tune.  From the heat, he guessed it was nearly noon.
For a moment he thought about yesterday.  What had seemed such a disaster then seemed almost humorous now.  Alex breathed deeply beside him, so apparently he was okay, and Shawn realized his knee was also better, down to a dull ache.
He was hungry, and he desperately needed a bathroom.  He hated to disturb Seth, but he had no choice, and he gently shook his friend.  Seth sat up and went to sleep again, his head against the back of the vinyl seat, and Shawn climbed over him and went into the trees.
It was Sunday.  He had to smile a bit; this week he was the one who’d overslept and missed church.  He assumed Mom would be worried, but since she knew he was with Alex, Tom, and Seth, maybe she wouldn’t worry much.  Of course, if she knew the foolish thing they’d done, she would worry more, and he decided it might be wise if she never really knew the details of their cave trip.
When he returned to the Bronco he was hot, and he quietly got his shorts out of the back and changed.  This was the hottest summer he could remember, and he hoped the weather would break soon.  The ground was dry and dusty, and things were wilting, even here in the woods.
Since everyone still slept, Shawn went for a walk.  The land was beautiful, a few acres Bob and Mandy had bought for camping and escaping from the city.  It was only two hours out, but it was a two-hour country drive.  An hour would pass before they could get any cel reception to let anyone know they were okay.  They would also pass no restaurants, he thought as his stomach growled.  They had eaten a huge breakfast the day before, and they’d had a granola bar while stopped in the cave, but it hadn’t been nearly enough.  Oh, and of course they’d decimated Tom’s candy bar stash.  At least they had bottled water left.
Soon he found himself on a bluff overlooking a distant valley.  The sun was lower than he’d expected, and the beauty of the scene seemed to hold him captive, causing a strange ache in his gut as he stared.  The sky was golden at the horizon, growing blue as his gaze traveled up.  The bluff was dark stone, and the valley held a large lake, whitecaps cresting in the golden water.  It felt unreal, like something from a dream, and he was surprised to find tears at the corner of his eyes.  He left quickly, unsure what to do with the longing in his soul when he looked at the scene.  He felt he was looking at God, in a way he’d never seen Him before, and the vision was both too big and lasted too short a time.
When he returned, Seth was trying comb through his long hair, standing in the shade.  He rarely left his hair loose, and Shawn had to chuckle.  It fell just below his shoulders.  
“What?” Seth asked.
“My mom once said she’d never date a man with prettier hair than she had.”
“Hey,” he said, laughing, “don’t pick on my hair.  You’re walking.”
“Yes, I am.  I can chew gum at the same time, but I didn’t bring any gum.”
“Oh, aren’t we enjoying ourselves this morning?” Seth said, shaking his head and putting his hair back.  He frowned.  “You couldn’t even stand on it last night.  You’re going to push it too far.”
“Don’t worry so much,” Shawn said.  He was flattered by Seth’s concern, but he also thought his friend was a bit too concerned.  “Is Alex up?”
“Yes.  He’s fine.  Well, in retrospect, I think this adventure was pretty fun, don’t you?”
“No,” Tom said firmly, popping out of the vehicle. “Not fun.  Memorable?  Yes.  Terrifying?  Maybe.  But not fun."
“I’ll go with memorable,” Shawn said.  “I just won’t be doing it again.  I was glad not to be the only one with claustrophobia.”
“I freaked,” Tom said, shaking his head.  “I though I would die.  Then Alex hit the water, and I thought he would die.  How’s your knee, by the way?  Seems it doesn’t want to heal.”
“It’s better.  It heals most of the way, and then I do something foolish.”
“Your job this summer doesn’t help, I guess,” Tom said.
“Not really.  But I enjoy it, and it pays better than making malts.”
“True.  Alex was disappointed about his job this summer, too, but we make great money.  More than the co-op job would have paid.”
Alex came out of the woods in his shorts and tank top, looking not frozen.  Shawn was glad to see it; he’d been very worried.
“We made it,” Alex said, grinning.  “So, Seth, didn’t I tell you it would be amazing?”
“It was.” Seth laughed, and Shawn and Tom exchanged a look of disbelief.
“Denial,” Tom said.  “They’re definitely in denial.  No other explanation.”
“I think it’s starvation,” Shawn said.  “Let’s get out of here and find something to eat.”
“I second that,” Seth said, without a doubt the group’s biggest eater, although he possibly weighed less than any of them despite his height.  “I feel like I haven’t eaten in a year.”


Chapter 11

Thunder rolled outside, and the windows rattled, loose in their frames.  Shawn always meant to seal them, but he only though about it when it was too wet or too cold.
He shifted the pillow under his leg and flipped through TV channels.  Nothing was on.  He’d known that before he sat down, but lying on the couch with his leg up felt good.  The air had cooled, and a light mist of rain blew in from the window, and he sighed, completely relaxing his body.
Mom was at work, of course, and Tony had gone out with friends.  Shawn had the day off, with the storm, but he’d already decided to stay home anyway.  He was beginning to worry about finishing the summer with his knee unwilling to heal.
He turned off the TV and let his mind wander, settling on a conversation from the cave.  Seth thought he was in love, but he wasn’t sure what that meant.  Could he marry Jenny?  It seemed so drastic.  And yet, it also sounded appealing.  He loved to be with her, and he thought about her a lot, but maybe it was just a crush; he’d only known her a few weeks.  Maybe it was all a moot point, since Mr. Clearwater seemed not to think he was the right one.
But he never really said that, Shawn amended.  He just heard that because he didn’t have the courage to tell him how he really felt about Jenny.  And he wasn’t sure he had words to describe how he really felt about Jenny.
He thought about them working together.  Jenny took to heart the idea of men leading women.  She always put him in charge, never taking control, and he found he didn’t mind it as he’d expected.  Her confidence in his skills caused him to live up to those beliefs.  But, the ability to lead a group of teenagers at a construction site was a far cry from being the spiritual head of a family.
He also thought about Seth and Violet.  He admired Seth’s ability to put his calling before his feelings.  Shawn let his feelings carry him at times, and not always with the best results.  Seth still felt deeply, but he knew when to put his feelings aside and do what needed done.  He felt sad for them, though.  They spent a lot of time together, and Shawn thought Violet really liked Seth.  Of course, the last couple times they’d been together he thought he’d sensed a tension, so mild he hadn’t really thought about it until now.  
His mind mulled over relationships a while longer, and then he thought about the cave.  For weeks now he’d struggled with the idea of bearing each other’s burdens.  He didn’t know how far it should go.  He’d heard some of the group debate it, talking about charity.  Some thought a person in need should never be given money.  Pay a specific bill, or fill a kitchen with foodstuffs, but don’t blindly give money.  But he didn’t know how far to give.  When Dad had first died, people at Mom’s office had given some food and money, but he remembered how much it didn’t help.  He remembered thinking that they were going to disappear, simply starve and disappear, and nobody else would have to be lost.
No, he thought.  Those weren’t the right words.  He thought about it more.  The people had given a little, some just enough to feel good about themselves, but nobody had sacrificed.  Lately he’d wondered how much sacrifice was involved in bearing one another’s burdens.  He wasn’t doing his knee any favors this summer, but Hope Homes needed him.  Was Seth right?  Was he being foolish?  He just couldn’t let them down if it was in his power to help.  Maybe it was because of Jenny, but maybe it was more.
In the cave, without knowing it, Seth had given him some insight into this.  When Seth had given him his light, he had given him control.  Seth had given so much he had nothing left; he had to rely on others to get through.  In essence, he had said we get through together, or we don’t get through at all.
It had touched Shawn more than Seth could know, because Shawn had panicked about the dark and wasn’t sure he’d have parted with his light for anything.  He didn’t want to be powerless.  Seth had turned over his lamp without hesitation, giving up everything.  He’d asked for nothing in return but help finding his own way.
So, he thought, why does Seth insist on making me feel like a child every time I ache a little bit?  I’m old enough to take care of myself.  It was a strange paradox.  Seth risked everything for Shawn, but he didn’t want Shawn to sacrifice.
Wandering into the kitchen, he thought about phoning Jenny, but he wasn’t sure it was appropriate. He wanted to tell her what he’d been thinking, about Seth and the idea of bearing another’s burdens.  She would have something to say about it, or they’d discuss it together and come up with something.  Also, he wanted to ask her about the feeling he’d had at the beach.  But, he could discuss it with Seth, too.  Seth didn’t mind talking about feelings, and this was a strange, haunting feeling that had followed him for a whole day now.
Since Seth was at work, and he couldn’t call Jenny, he just made lunch and spent some time in the Bible.  If anyone could help him put his thoughts in order, it was God.  But, often God used his friends to do it, and as the rain pounded on his window, he wished they could be here to share the rainy day with him.

“Did you enjoy your day off?” Jenny asked, topping a ladder unexpectedly and smiling at him.
“Not really.  I was bored.”
“You should have called me,” she said, walking across the roof and sitting next to him.  The sun had barely come over the horizon, and the sky was colored with a muted palette of pastels, hazy and cool.
“What are you doing here?” he asked her.
“Daddy and Marty are moving some things to different sites.  I thought I’d come up and visit while they worked.  I wish you were working at Hope this week.”
“I guess it’s time to go back to my real job,” he said.  “Where’s Julie?”
“Flirting with one of the drywall guys, I think.  I talked to Alex yesterday.  You guys had quite a little adventure.”
“You could say that.  It was strange.  I spent all day yesterday thinking about it.  I wanted to talk to Seth about it, but he worked an extra shift.”
“Talk to me,” she said.  “If you can, of course.”
“Oh, it’s nothing personal.  I was thinking about how Christians help each other.  The idea of bearing each other’s burdens confuses me.  I don’t know how far it should go.  In the cave, I was uncomfortable.  Okay, completely claustrophobic and terrified.  Then my light went out, and Seth gave me his.  Without hesitation, he gave up all control.  He didn’t move back and shine the light on my path.  He didn’t give me the light and then ask for it back in a couple minutes.  He gave it to me, and then he was entirely dependent on Tom and me to get him through.  We either made it together or we perished together.  The more I thought about that yesterday, the more I wondered if that isn’t what God really wants us to do.  We’re all united—you mentioned that yourself, that it was Jesus’ final wish—so we sink or swim together.  And that’s a big responsibility.”
“Wow,” she said quietly.  “I do believe you’ve had a revelation.  I never thought about it like that.  Sometimes we aren’t asked to do much to help a person, and if everyone in a body pitches in, nobody has to lose much, but sometimes we do put it all on the line, I guess.  Sometimes we can be a person’s only lifeline.  And then we have to have faith.  We turn over everything and assume God will take care of our needs.”
“So you think there’s something to it?  I was making a real connection?”
“The Holy Spirit was making a real connection, and you had the opportunity to sit quietly and hear Him.  I’m impressed, too.  You don’t always sound like a new Christian.”
“Thanks, I guess,” Shawn said.  “I was amazed Seth gave me his light.  I don’t think I would have parted with mine.  I decided I didn’t like caves.”
“I don’t think I would, either.  I like roofs better.  I’ve never had any fear of heights.”
“Same here.  Alex and Seth didn’t mind the cave, but Tom hated it as much as I did.  Maybe more.   It was murder on my knee, too, and Seth got very paternal on me.  He’s willing to give up his light to get me through a cave, but if I limp the tiniest bit so I can work to feed my family, he pitches a fit.  I’m not sure I understand.”
She said nothing, looking over the housing division with a distant gaze.
“I think that’s just Seth,” she finally said.  “I’m glad he has Violet and you.”
“I don’t think he has Violet anymore,” Shawn said, not sure he should.
“What did he do to her?”  Jenny asked quickly, surprising Shawn by her reaction.
“What do you mean?” Shawn asked.  “I think they just have different paths to follow.”
She nodded, again not saying what was on her mind.  He remembered her cryptic remark when they’d first met, about Seth not having a close friend in a long time.
“Jenny Clearwater, please tell me what you’re thinking.  It has something to do with Seth.”
“I love Seth.  He’s been my friend forever.  He’s fun and passionate and loves the Lord unlike anyone I know.  But he…” She shrugged, clearly searching for words.  “He loves his friends.  Sometimes he just holds on too tight.  I don’t know how else to say it.  He loves them too much.  Not sexually or anything, but with the same passion and energy with which he loves his Creator.  Not everyone can take that.”
Shawn wasn’t sure what she meant.  He’d seen the deep concern in Seth’s face when he thought Shawn wasn’t caring for himself.  He knew it made him feel both loved and smothered, but not so much that he’d ever pull away.  He couldn’t imagine anyone pulling away from a friendship with Seth Roberts.  
“You think Violet is breaking up with him?  He told me he was breaking up with her.”
“I don’t know,” Jenny said.  “I shouldn’t be saying any of this to you, but you’re able to be his friend.  I can’t even tell you why I think so, but I see you and Seth as friends for a long, long time, and I’m glad.  Violet doesn’t have what it takes.  Julie and I decided that long ago.  It made us sad, because he doesn’t want to be alone, but we knew she wouldn’t be the one.  I’m just glad you’re here for him.  He’s going to be something, you know?  People will know his name.  He’ll make big changes and save many souls.  You and me—we’ll be behind him making it possible for him to give everything away, just like he gave you the lamp.”
“I’m not sure I understand,” Shawn admitted.  “But, I think I have some idea.  It’s that passion for life and for God that first made me want to be his friend.”
“That doesn’t surprise me,” she said.  Then she laughed.  “I didn’t know a guy could sit and discuss relationships this long.  Sorry I’ve made you listen to all this.”
“No, it’s enlightening.  Seth says he doesn’t know me—it’s nice to know I don’t know him, either.  Means we’ll have things to talk about for a long time.”
They fell into a comfortable silence.  Shawn felt he should be working, but it was nice sitting here above the world with Jenny.  He thought a minute and then decided to be bold with her.
“I had a strange experience on the bluff at Bob’s place, something I vaguely remember having before, but I can’t recall where.  It was morning, and I took a walk.  I ended up on a bluff overlooking the ocean, and it was beautiful.  Strangely, almost painfully beautiful.  I felt an ache in my gut, and I wanted to run away, but I also dreaded the moment’s end, knowing it would.  I spent a lot of time yesterday thinking about that, too.  Have you ever experienced anything like it?”
“You haven’t been to the Grand Canyon, have you?” she asked, smiling.
“No.  Why?”
“I get that feeling every time I stand at the edge of the Grand Canyon.  Daddy calls it feeling Heaven on Earth.  He says God gives us glimpses of Himself, little callings to remind us of things to come.  We want it to last because it’s a tiny piece of the future perfection and beauty we’ll experience someday, but we want it to end because we’re looking into God’s face, and nobody can do that and survive.  I don’t think there’s anything biblical about any of that, but when I get that feeling in my stomach, I think about that, about seeing God’s perfect Heaven someday.  It’s intoxicating and exciting.”
She described his feelings exactly, and he was overwhelmed.   Without thinking he leaned over and kissed her cheek, loving the closeness.  He didn’t even think about it, simply getting as close to her physically as he felt emotionally right now.  She pulled back and smiled, and suddenly he was aware of her father, watching from the ground.  He turned away, knowing he was now seriously breaking his promise to the man.  He hadn’t meant to kiss her, hadn’t meant to feel so close, and he should have paid more attention.
“I’m sorry,” he said quietly.
“It’s okay,” she said, whispering herself.
“No, it isn’t.  Your father’s looking for you, by the way.”
“Oh.”
She got up and left, and Shawn caught Mr. Clearwater’s eyes.  Even from up here he saw the disapproval in his face.   Shawn ran his hand through his hair, thinking it was going to be a very long day.
When the day really began, he went back to the ground and cleaned up the site, burning piles of trash and scraps.  The weather was comfortable, and time moved quickly, which was good, because all he did was berate himself for being so spontaneous with Jenny.  It wasn’t the kiss exactly that bothered him, although it would probably be his downfall with Mr. Clearwater.  The problem was his denial he cared for her.  He’d known all along, and so had Seth, that he felt more strongly for her than a friend or a sister.  He had lied to Mr. Clearwater, and in a way he’d lied to her by keeping his feelings to himself.
When the crews started to close up for the day, he was disappointed to see Jenny and her dad pull up in the pickup.  He had a couple young guys with him, the electricians working at Hope, he thought, and he carried a pile of clothes.
“Hey, everyone, let’s go for pizza,” he called to his workers.  “We need to celebrate the break in the weather while it lasts.  I’ve got clean T-shirts from Panther Plumbing supplies, so we can just go from here.”
Shawn didn’t approach the truck, thinking he’d duck out of this outing, but Jenny spotted him and ran over with a shirt.  She had already put one on herself.
“I don’t think I can go,” he said quietly.
“Please do,” she said.  “What happened on the roof—Daddy isn’t upset about that.  I promise.  I told him we were just talking, and we were sharing an epiphany of sorts.  The kiss was just a thank you.  He understands.”
“I’m not sure that’s the truth,” Shawn said quietly.  “I’m not sure I’ve told him the truth yet.  I can’t go tonight.”
“Come on, Carpenter,” Sam said as he approached.  “Get that filthy shirt off and get in the truck.  Mr. Clearwater doesn’t spring for dinner that often.”
“Sam, I—“
“That’s an order, Mr. Carpenter,” Sam said.    “We work together, and now we eat together.  Anyway, I wanted to talk to you about the flooring in the Bateman house.  Now change.”
Sam looked at him expectantly, and Shawn knew he was stuck.  He couldn’t excuse himself to change, and he had no good excuse for not going, and he refused to lie anymore.  Taking a deep breath, he slipped his sweaty shirt over his head, not surprised to hear Jenny take in her breath.  He slipped the new shirt on without opening his eyes, but when he did both Jenny and Sam still looked at him with sympathy and awed disgust.  Worse yet, Mr. Clearwater looked at him the same way from across the lot, his eyes still filled with the disapproval from this morning and now including a deep pity.
“Can we talk tomorrow?” Shawn said to Sam, not waiting for a reply.  “I’m really not hungry.”
“Shawn, wait,” Jenny said, reaching for his arm.  He shrugged her off, looking hard at her father, and walked behind the house to his car.  This time nobody followed, and he sat a long time.  When he left, he took the back way to keep from having to see them.  He was ashamed of his reaction to their reaction, and he was ashamed of his actions from earlier in the day, too.  Jenny said Seth had trouble holding on to friendships, but Shawn realized he was no master at relationships himself.  Maybe that was why he and Seth were such friends.  

“You look terrible,” Shawn said when Seth opened his door.
“Thanks,” Seth said, backing up so Shawn could enter.  He wandered into the kitchen, looking tired and not at all himself.  
“I should have called,” Shawn said from the doorway.  “I can come back if you want.”
“No, come on in,” Seth called.  “Want something to drink?”
“No.  Are you okay?”
“I don’t know.”  Seth came in with a soda and sat in his recliner.  His Bible was open on the couch, and Shawn moved it and sat down.  “I saw Violet today.”
“Oh,” Shawn said.
“Right.  I wanted it to be right.  I wanted her to love me and love Spanish and love the mission field.  I don’t know why it’s so important to me, but I don’t want to be alone.  I know what God has called me to do, and I’m willing to do it, but I’m afraid of doing it alone.  Why can’t I have more faith?”
Shawn didn’t know what to say.  He’d never seen Seth so uncertain before.
“What did she say?” he asked.
“I was stupid,” Seth continued; Shawn wasn’t sure the man had heard his question or not.  “I know better, you know?  But she was upset when I said it wasn’t right, and she was vulnerable, and I didn’t want her to hurt.  I hate to see people hurt.  But I was stupid and I went too far.”
He leaned forward and put his head in his hands, and Shawn paused for a moment.
“Did you sleep with her?” he asked cautiously.
Seth laughed, the sound full of bitterness.  
“No.  But I came awfully close.  I touched her, and she would have let me.  The moment was right, you know?  And I wanted her.  I couldn’t have her heart, but I wanted to be that close.  I was so unfair to her.  I don’t know how to make it right.”
“I’m sorry,” Shawn said.  “I wish I had some words of wisdom to make it better.  You’ve been reading your Bible.  Did God have anything to say to you?”
“I had it open, but I wasn’t seeing any words.  I only know I have to apologize, and I have to let God do what he will in my dating life.  I can’t be so afraid to be alone.”
“I was afraid in the cave,” Shawn said.  “A different fear, but still fear.  I just had to keep my mind on God’s words from the Bible.  It was the only way I could move.”
“I know that’s true, but it’s like it doesn’t matter.  I just can’t get this part of my life in control.”
“So give up the control,” Shawn said.  “Like you did in the cave.  You gave me your flashlight.  You put your life in Tom’s and my hands, having no light of your own.  Were you scared?”
“No.”
“So, if you can trust Tom and me, you can trust God.”
Seth nodded, looking at Shawn strangely.
“I didn’t even ask why you’re here.  Just come to crash?”
“No.  I failed today, too.”
He told Seth of his talk with Jenny, and how he kissed her in front of her father, and then how he took off like a child when they stared at his scars.
“I couldn’t go out and eat after that.  I felt like I was going to throw up.  It’s time to get away from Jenny Clearwater.”
“What do you mean?” Seth asked.  “I think it’s time to approach her dad about formal courtship.”
“No.  I have no credibility.  I’ve acted like a horny schoolboy.”
“No,” Seth said bitterly, “that was me.  You’ve done fine.  With no background in any of this craziness, you’ve been a perfect gentleman.  I’d let you court my daughter.”
“That’s nice.  Too bad she hasn’t been born yet,” Shawn said, smiling.  The smile was short-lived.  “I’ll miss her friendship.”  
“No,” Seth said firmly.  “You can’t let her go.  Don’t you see?  You care about her.  I’d give anything…you just can’t walk away.”
“I can,” Shawn said.  “I have to.”
As they talked, Shawn massaged his knee absently.  He’d done it all day, easing out the last of the stiffness.  Seth scowled.
“Shawn, your knee is still hurting, isn’t it?” he said, his voice full of disapproval. 
Shawn had seen too much disapproval today, and without thought he stood up angrily.  “Seth, what I do with my knee is my business.  What I do with Jenny Clearwater is my business.  Please stop acting like I’m a stupid child.”
“I don’t want to see you hurting,” Seth said, now angry as well.  “I don’t think you’re a child, and I certainly don’t think you’re stupid.  You’ve been alone a long time; maybe it just takes a while to get used to having friends again.”
“I’ve had friends,” Shawn spat.  His emotions were flying out of control, and he wasn’t even sure why.  He’d just been through too much today.  He needed to get out of here before he really said something stupid.  “Jenny was right.  You hold on too tight.  Just relax.”
He knew what he’d done before he finished doing it, and he backed up as Seth’s face fell.  So much for not saying stupid things, he thought.
“I think you should go,” the tall man said quietly.  “You can go find somebody else to talk to about me.”
Shawn did as asked, seeing a look in Seth’s face that said this was not the time to try an apology.  He needed to get control of himself first.  Without a word he left the apartment building and drove.  He drove through town, and then he drove back into the country.  His heart was pounding, and his hands were sweating.  He’d never been in a fight like that, not since the night his dad died.  He’d been awful, not caring for Seth’s feelings, betraying a private conversation with Jenny, and maybe ruining the best friendship he’d ever known.
He went over it in his head, and he didn’t know how he had let it happen.  The warning signs had practically been in neon, but he’d just let his feelings fly, giving his tongue freedom to say whatever it would.  A Bible verse popped into his head, about keeping a tight rein on his tongue, and he shook his head.
“God, why didn’t you remind me of that earlier?  My tongue has gotten me into a mess of trouble today.  Help me use the right words to apologize to everyone.  Help Seth.  He was hurting, and he was having a rotten day, and I hurt him instead of helping him.  The worst he’s ever done to me is care too much.  Now I’m paying him back by…by being a jerk.  Please forgive me for lying to Mr. Clearwater, and for playing with Jenny’s heart, and for hurting Seth.  I’ve had quite a day, I guess.  Please forgive me and then let them forgive me, too.”
When he got home, a note on the table said Tony and Mom had gone to see his aunt Eleanor tonight, and they might stay until Thursday.  He was glad to be alone.  He needed the time to think.


Chapter 12

“Carpenter, I want to apologize,” Sam said Wednesday morning.  “I’m sorry we embarrassed you.”
“I shouldn’t be so sensitive,” Shawn said, shrugging.  “The fire was six years ago; I should have learned to live with it by now.”
“Well, I still apologize,” he said.  “Ms. Clearwater felt pretty badly as well.  She was quiet all evening.”
“Thank you, sir,” he said.  “You wanted to talk to me about floors?”
“Right,” Sam said, breaking into a long discussion about floors.  For a time, Shawn threw himself into his work, trying to distract himself, but every time he heard a vehicle he jumped, expecting to be face to face with Mr. Clearwater or Jenny.  He knew he needed to see them, but he didn’t want to rush it.
He didn’t have to wait long.  Mr. Clearwater showed up just after lunch, and he pulled Shawn aside.
“My daughter is very worried about you, Mr. Carpenter,” he said quietly.  He seemed as uncomfortable as Shawn felt.
“I’m fine, sir.  I’m sorry I upset her.  I plan to tell her that as soon as I see her again.”
“She picked up a bug somewhere, so it may be a few days.  You were in a fire.  She told me that much.”
“Yes.  My father accidentally started a house fire.  I don’t like to show off the scars.  I don’t know how to react to people’s fear and pity when they see them.”
“That would be hard.  I know I was as surprised as anyone.  I’m sorry if my reaction offended you.”
“It’s okay, sir.  I need to get used to it.”
“I saw you with Jenny on the roof yesterday.  I’m concerned about your friendship with her.”
“I understand, sir.  I meant to talk to you, to apologize for not being as careful with our hearts as I promised.  I’ve been unfair to her.  I need to apologize to her for that, and then I will put a safer distance between us.”
Mr. Clearwater was silent for a moment, and Shawn looked into his face, surprised to see disapproval again.
“I wish you well, Mr. Carpenter.  I hope you’re truly doing what is best for the both of you.  I don’t mind my daughter having male friends, you know.”
Shawn nodded, not at all sure what Mr. Clearwater was saying, and the man then disappeared.  Shawn was left with his thoughts for the rest of the day, and they weren’t entirely comforting.  He was sorry Jenny was sick.  Both for her sake and for his, he hoped to get these apologies out of the way and move toward truly mending everything he had botched.
When Seth didn’t show up to group, Shawn was disappointed.  Violet attended, not meeting Shawn’s gaze the entire evening, and he wondered just how much Seth had surprised her with his decision not to see her anymore.
“So, will your Mom be at church this weekend?” Alex asked, approaching Shawn at the meeting’s end.
“I hope so,” Shawn said, smiling.  “I’m not going anywhere Saturday, so we should be fine.  She was pretty worried last week.”
“So was my mom.  Tom didn’t help by telling her most of our little adventure.  He has this thing about being completely honest with her.”
He shrugged, laughing, and looked around.
“Jenny and Seth are gone tonight,” he said.  “I guess Seth had to work?”
“I’m not sure.  Jenny has a flu, though.”
“Ugh.  Summer bugs are the worst.  I was afraid I’d get sick after being in that water, but my tough hide seems fine.”
“I’m glad.  I was a little worried about you.”
“Well, I hate to admit it, but it will be a long time before I go underground again.  Will you be at Hope Saturday?”
“I assume so,” Shawn said.
“As a foreman or a college student?”
“Mr. Clearwater and Marty haven’t told me yet.”
“Mr. Clearwater seems to like you.  He never turns over Hope to anybody but Marty, Jenny, or Julie.  And speaking of Julie, here she comes, looking just lovely tonight.”
“Thank you,” she said, laughing.  “Alex, may I have a minute?”
“Of course,” he said, bowing slightly as he left.  Julie chuckled.
“So,” Shawn said, his heart suddenly racing.  “What can I do for you?”
“Jenny is sorry she couldn’t be here tonight.  She told me about yesterday.  She felt terrible for hurting your feelings, and she asked me to apologize until she could do it herself.”
“She doesn’t need to apologize.  I was in a house fire six years ago.  Until a few weeks ago nobody had ever seen the scars.  I even kept a lot of it from my mother.  So, I still react like it just happened.”
“I’m sorry,” she said.  From her reaction he thought Jenny had already told her this.  “She also said…hmm.  Shawn, do you like her?  I mean really like her?  This is just between you and me.”
“In the past few days I’ve learned this kind of conversation can only get me into trouble,” he said.  “She’s a friend.  I hope she’s always a friend.”
Julie nodded and patted his arm.  “You’re a smart guy, Shawn.”
“Right now, opinions vary,” he said, shaking his head.  “You haven’t heard from Seth, have you?”
“No.  Why?”
“Nothing.  Tell Jenny I hope she feels better soon.  It’s no fun to be sick in the summer.”
“True.  Will you come to fireworks Friday?”
“I wouldn’t miss it,” he said, smiling.  She grinned broadly, a beautiful smile, and then she left.  Shawn took a deep breath and decided to approach Violet.
“Hey,” he said quietly.  “Are you okay?”
“What did he tell you?” she said.
“He told me you and he were on different paths, and he was going to stop seeing you because it wasn’t fair to keep going.”
She nodded, seeming to relax.
“He was sweet.  I suspected he wasn’t happy with things, but I tried to ignore it.  He didn’t want to hurt my feelings.  He’s the greatest guy, but…”
“But?” Shawn asked boldly.  
“He knew a long time ago that we wouldn’t work, I think, but he didn’t want to let go.  I think he’s lonely.  Hard to believe.  He and Alex are the life of every party, but they can still be lonely.”
“Yeah,” Shawn said.  “You haven’t talked to him today, have you?”
“No.  I’m surprised he isn’t here.  He had today off.”
Shawn nodded, feeling a rock in his stomach.  So, Seth, he thought, where are you?  The last time he’d lost his temper at someone, that person ended up dead.  He hoped Seth was just at home nursing his wounds.
He left immediately, and he prayed all the way to Seth’s house, admitting to God the panic he felt in his gut and pleading with Him for Seth to be okay.  He was slightly calmer when he got to the apartment, but when Seth didn’t answer his door, he thought he would die on the spot.
“Seth!” he called.  “Come on, buddy.  If you’re in there please answer the door.  Seth, I’m sorry.  Please come out.”
But nobody responded, and reluctantly he returned to his car and went home.  Mom and Tony were still gone, and the silence of the house disturbed him.  He called Seth, but his friend didn’t answer the phone.  He called Seth’s mom, trying to keep the worry out of his voice as he asked for him, but Seth was not there, either.
“Okay,” he said out loud, sitting at the table.  “When Seth gets all worried about me, I get offended.  I guess I deserve to have the tables turned.  Lord, where is he?  I know he’s fine, and he can take care of himself, but how do I relax and wait for him to show up?  If Jenny wasn’t sick, I’d call her.”
No, he thought, he should call Julie.  Julie knew him as well as Jenny, and the pair of them knew him better than anyone.   He ran upstairs and got the Porter College directory and called Julie immediately.
“Hello?” she asked.
“Julie, this is Shawn.”
“Sure,” she said.  “What’s up?”
“Julie, I know I’m worrying for nothing, but I can’t find Seth.  Yesterday he and Violet broke up, and he and I had some words, and now I’m worried.  Do you have any idea where he’d go?”
“Let me think.  He was upset?”
“He was more upset than I’ve ever seen him.  He threw me out of his apartment.”
“Wow,” she said quietly.  “He was upset.  Violet hasn’t seen him?”
“No.  He didn’t have to work today, either.  Like I said, I know I’m going to feel foolish later on, but I just know how upset he was, and how I helped him get that upset, and I can’t stop worrying.”
“Seth doesn’t get upset often, but when he does, he does it well.  Usually he doesn’t disappear, though.  You called his mom?”
“I did.”
“Anyone else?”
“No.  Alex hasn’t seen him, I don’t think.”
“How about Ben?”
“I didn’t think about that,” Shawn admitted.
“They’re pretty close.  Let me call around a little, okay?  Don’t worry, Shawn; we’ll find him.  He’ll be okay.”
“Thanks, Julie.  For everything.”
She laughed, and then she was gone.  He was forced to sit and wait and imagine the worst, and he opened his Bible and read through Psalms.  Somehow it calmed him to read of King David’s feelings.  Jenny was right; David was full of passions and strong emotions.  Shawn realized he was, too, even though he tried to hide them, and Seth was as well, not bothering to hide them.  He still wasn’t sure what Jenny had meant about Seth holding his friends too close, but he saw she was right about him having great passions and being meant for great things.  She had also seemed to know Seth might try something with Violet.  Jenny’s insights into her friends amazed him, but it also alarmed him.  He wondered how much she knew about him, things he hadn’t told her and might not want her to know.
Then he stopped himself.   His friendship with Jenny Clearwater was all but finished.  He knew it was best, but the thought left a bleak hole in his heart.  Whoever finally courted her and won her heart was one blessed man.
Shawn jumped when the phone rang, almost disappointed to hear his mom on the other end.
“Shawn, I’m sorry I didn’t call last night,” she said.  “Grandma wasn’t feeling well, so Tony and I decided to come and help Eleanor with her.  It’s okay?  We’ll be back Saturday morning.  I promise we’ll make it to church this week.”
“Mom, it’s fine.  And I promise I won’t be stuck in a cave this time.”
She laughed.  “I must admit I was a little worried when you didn’t show last weekend.  Tom and Alex’s mom called, and I was actually calming her.  I think talking to her helped me relax about going to your church.  She was nice, and she’s just a plain old worrying mother.”
“I’m glad you two connected,” he said.  “Tony will enjoy the youth group, I think.”
“I can see how it’s changed you,” she said.  “For the past couple years I was worried about you.  Tony makes friends everywhere, but you throw yourself into your work.  I like having college kids coming around.”
“Thanks, Mom,” he said, his heart aching.  It seemed in one day he’d alienated all the friends who’d been coming around.  “You two give Grandma a hug for me.”
“I will.  I love you, Shawn.”
“I love you, too, Mom.”
He hung up, and he had to smile.  She hadn’t even gotten to church yet, and he was seeing changes in his mom.  He shouldn’t have hidden so many things from her.  Knowing them seemed to help her somehow.  And he was glad she could see changes.  Today he needed to be told he was growing, because he was having trouble convincing himself.
Time dragged.  He read more Psalms, but he grew more distracted and less able to pay attention to the words as time moved on.  Seth, he kept thinking, come back.  I’m sorry.  I’ve never been so sorry.
At eleven thirty the phone rang, and he jumped.  When Julie’s voice greeted him happily, he started to breathe again.
“I found him,” she said.  “You’ll be surprised to hear how far he went.  He’s at Vinnie’s.”
“Vinnie?” Shawn asked.  “Vinnie lives three hours away.”
“I know.  I didn’t talk to him, Shawn.  I just told Vinnie we were worried about him.  Seth was already asleep.  Vinnie said Seth showed up at his doorway this morning, and he hasn’t really told him anything’s wrong.  He said he just wanted to visit.  I didn’t tell Vinnie anything.  I said we missed him at group, and someone started to worry.  You know, he must have been pretty upset to drive that far.  Seth hates to drive.”
“Yeah,” Shawn said, feeling guilty.  “Like I said, we exchanged some words.  Julie, please pray for us.  Seth is my friend, regardless of how he may feel at the moment.”
“Sure,” she said.  “No problem, Shawn.  I’m sure it will all be okay once he gets home.  Seth doesn’t hold grudges.”
He hung up the phone and went to his room, thinking about things.  It didn’t please him to know Seth had had to go so far for comfort, to know he didn’t feel anyone here could help him.  He knew it was his fault he’d had to do it, that right now Seth wasn’t just distrustful of Shawn, but also Jenny, with whom he could usually be open.  And Vinnie and Seth, while good roommates, had never been close friends, so Shawn knew he’d really not get the understanding there he wanted, either.
Sleep eluded him for a long time, so he prayed, finally feeling a strange peace.  He was only human, and therefore he sinned.  While it wasn’t okay to sin, he knew God allowed him to confess, and once he turned it over to God, he could let it go.  Jesus had paid for all the sins, even those he had yet to commit, and forgiveness was complete and had been for two thousand years.  He had to apologize to people and make amends, but he could let go of the guilt.  It was hard to comprehend it all, but that didn’t make it less true, and those truths helped him fall asleep after a difficult day.

“Dad, I think I’m old enough to go away with my friends for a weekend.”
“And I said you aren’t going,” Dad said, standing, angrier than he usually got.  “Lately I don’t seem to be getting the respect around here I used to.  Is it because I lost my job?  I’m not good enough for you anymore?”
“No, of course not.  You get plenty of respect,” Shawn said.  “I just want to go to the beach with Andrew and Thomas.  Just for a weekend.  I haven’t gotten to go out much since…”
He shrugged, knowing right away he’d made a mistake.  He saw fury in his father’s eyes, and he backed up.  Dad tossed his cigarette over Shawn’s shoulder, and Shawn flinched.
“Since I’ve been here?  Well, maybe it’s time I spend more time here.  Your mother lets you boys get away with anything you want.  You need some good solid discipline.”
“Discipline?” Shawn spat.  “Dad, you lost your job because you never showed up.  You’re always drinking.  Why would I take advice from you?”
His dad’s eyes blazed, and he lunged at Shawn, shoving him against the wall.  Shawn closed his eyes in fear, and then he felt the pain as the smoke filled his nose.  He screamed as he realized he was burning, and he struggled to get away from his father.  His knee twisted, but he managed to get away.  Dad’s eyes filled with terror, then, and remorse, and Shawn slapped at his clothes, trying to stop the flames that swallowed him.
“No,” he called.  He sat up and panted.  A dream, he thought.  Just a dream.  One I haven’t had in a long time.  It can’t hurt me.  It’s just a memory.  Relax.
But he didn’t relax.  His heart seemed to beat out of his chest, and he couldn’t control his panting.  He lay in bed for a long time before sleep found him again.

On Friday Jenny came back to work.  All week Shawn had been at Clearwater Homes, but on Friday he’d been told to go to Hope to prepare for the weekend.  The Porter group would side one house, and a local high school group would paint another.  Shawn would help prepare the painting house, but on Saturday he’d just help with the Porter group like everyone else.  He was surprised to be disappointed.
When he got to the site, Jenny and Julie stood with two men.  Jenny caught his eye as he pulled in, and she waved and approached.
“It’s nice to see you healthy,” he said.
“Thanks,” she said.  “I had a killer flu.  Julie told me about Seth.  Is he back yet?”
“No.”
“I hope he’s okay.  Anyway, I’m sorry I reacted so badly to your skin.  I mean, I knew Tony had seen something.  I knew you’d been in a fire and had scars from it, but I didn’t have any idea what it looked like.”
“Pretty gross.”
“Not even that, really.  I just found myself imagining how much it must have hurt.”
“Oh.  It did.”
“And I know Sam and I contributed to whatever happened with you and Seth.”
“All around, it wasn’t my best day,” Shawn agreed.  “But I shouldn’t have done a lot of what I did that day.  I’m sorry I ran off.  You’ve seen me do it twice, but it isn’t how I usually handle things.”
“It’s okay,” she said.
“Well, I suppose we should get to work,” he said. He was enjoying talking to her too much, and he saw she was enjoying it, too.  He needed to let her go so she could find the right person, so he could be true to his word to Mr. Clearwater.
The rest of the day was difficult.  He found himself avoiding Jenny and Julie, unsure how to deal with them.  He wondered a couple times if Seth had been right, if he was even capable of pulling away, but he was sure he had to try.  Jenny needed someone more mature and knowledgeable, someone who could be her spiritual head, but if he stayed with her, he fell more in love with her, and she had to sense that.  It just wasn’t right. 
Just before they quit for the day, Julie broke away from Jenny and approached Shawn, scowling.
“Is something wrong?” she asked.
“No.  Why?”
“I don’t know.  You just seem distant today.  I know how worried you are about Seth.”
“No, it isn’t that.  I don’t know, Julie.”
“I think I do,” she said quietly, patting Shawn’s arm.  “It will all work out, Shawn Carpenter.”
She left, and he frowned, tired of people being cryptic with him: first Jenny, when discussing Seth, and then Mr. Clearwater and his mixed messages concerning Jenny, and now Julie.  He felt like everyone knew something he didn’t, and he was ready for Seth to come home so he wouldn’t be surrounded by so many secrets.  He only hoped Seth would forgive him.

Somehow, it was already the fourth of July, and Shawn sat on a blanket between Tom and Mark in the light of dusk on a large hill overlooking a river.  Boaters sped by, and Alex suggested next year they rent a boat and watch from the water.
Jenny, Julie, Alex, and Steve sat behind them, and Ben sat on Shawn’s other side.  The rest of the group sat all around, forty people total.  The hill was also covered with strangers, but tonight, this night of all nights, they weren’t strangers.  They were fellow Americans. 
Shawn loved July Fourth.  Politics made him crazy, and he’d never liked to learn history, but this was the one day he thought about those things and the one day he felt really connected to all of it. The same sense of belonging was now his at other times, too, whenever his Christian friends got together, but he still felt connected tonight, as people who were complete strangers laughed at one another’s kids romping between blankets and shared the occasional soda or sparkler.

“Seth isn’t back yet?” Julie asked, moving forward and talking into Shawn’s ear.  Jenny moved forward as well.
“I called a couple hours ago.”
“Remember when he did this in the eleventh grade?” Jenny asked.  “I don’t even remember what set him off.  I just remember him taking his dad’s car and driving to his grandparents’ house.  He was gone a whole week.”
“It was a strange week,” Julie said.
“He’ll be okay,” Jenny said. “Shawn, are we ready for tomorrow?”
“I got the siding ready, if you got the paint.”
“Daddy won’t let me do anything yet, since I was sick,” Jenny said.  “I picked out paint all afternoon.”
“He’s right,” Julie said.  “You were really sick.”
“Oh, I know he’s right.  I just don’t want to take the time to recuperate.  I want to jump back into things like nothing happened.”
“We really don’t want to spend our time tomorrow taking you to the emergency room,” Shawn said.  “So, you take it easy.”
“Right,” Mark said, laughing.  “Emergency room visits are for you.”
He laughed with them, and then he caught Julie’s eye.  He knew Julie had decided, as had Seth, that Shawn and Jenny made a good pair.  It reminded Shawn of his decision to keep a distance, but as they sat and talked he couldn’t think of a legitimate reason to get out of the conversation, so he just enjoyed it.  Anyway, in this group setting, he surely couldn’t be doing anything wrong.
The sky finally darkened, and the first firework launched into the sky.  The crowd quieted, and Shawn was again filled with the connectedness he’d thought about earlier.  For a moment he experienced the sense of longing he’d felt at the ocean, the desire to belong to something bigger than himself and the desire to have it last forever and to go away because it was too big.  He shuddered, and Jenny leaned forward.
“Glimpse of Heaven?” she said knowingly.  She was uncanny in her ability to do that.
“Yes,” he whispered.
“Same here.  Every year.”


Chapter 13

Shawn wasn’t sure he’d ever felt better about walking into church.  His mother was on one arm, and Tony stood on his other side, and he had a feeling things would be okay.  Mom had been nervous this morning, but she had gotten up and gotten ready, and Shawn knew she was beautiful.  He told her so, hoping to ease her mind, but she just laughed and kissed his head as though he’d made a joke.
He found the Schneiders quickly, and he introduced his mom to Alex’s mom.  They instantly began to whisper together, and Shawn sat down at her side, unable to stop smiling.  They were quite early, and the organ played a slow tune, and people moved through the sanctuary, speaking quietly.  In a moment someone tapped him on the shoulder, and he looked up at Jenny, who smiled broadly.  A bright blue dress showed off her dark eyes, and she was lovely.
“Mom, this is Jenny Clearwater,” he said.  Mom nodded.
“Jenny, I’m pleased to meet you.  You work with Shawn sometimes, right?”
“I do.  He’s great with a hammer.  I’m glad to see you here.  It means a lot to Shawn.  Tony, come look for me when the service is over, and I’ll help you find your Sunday school class.”
“Sure,” he said, smiling at her.  Jenny left, and Mom tapped Shawn playfully.
“You never said she was so pretty,” she said.
“She is, isn’t she?” he said, watching her walk to her front row seat.
The organ continued to play, and Mom looked through the bulletin.  Tony did as well, asking Shawn questions about what to expect, and Shawn showed him the hymnal and promised to help him find the Bible passages.  When Mrs. Roberts patted his shoulder, he jumped, not expecting anyone else to approach.
“Shawn, can I talk to you?” she asked.
“Sure.”  He slid past Tony and stood near her in the aisle.
“Shawn, did Seth tell you when he’d be back?”
“No, ma’am.”
“The phone company called yesterday.  Apparently they had him scheduled last night, and he didn’t call in.  I didn’t even know he was planning a trip until he called to say he was in Springville with Vinnie.  Is he okay?”
“He will be.  I think he’s having trouble with a relationship.  He just needed some time.”
“Will you call me when he contacts you?”
“I will,” Shawn said.  Mrs. Roberts looked tired and drained, and he hugged her gently, surprising himself at his boldness.  “It will be okay.  We’ve talked to Vinnie, and he’s okay.”
“Thank you.  You’re a good friend.”
She left, and he sat down again.  He wished he really was a good friend; then Seth would be here, and his mother wouldn’t be worried.
The organ stopped, and the service began.  Pastor Morgan was amazing, a small man with a deep voice who spoke about God with authority and intelligence.  The man said nothing without backing it up in the Bible, which gave Shawn confidence.  Being a new Christian, he realized it would be easy for someone to teach him false things, but with a verse to back up everything, he always felt assured he was learning the truth.
This morning the pastor spoke about forgiveness, about Christians forgiving one another and others, and Shawn knew it was what his mother needed to hear.  For that matter, it was what Shawn needed to hear.  Pastor Morgan brought up the passage he and Jenny had discussed, the end of John, where Jesus prayed for unity for his children, and Shawn had to smile.  The smile was followed by pain, though, as he looked ahead at Jenny and knew he could no longer be with her what he had been.
He also thought about Seth as the pastor spoke.  He hoped Seth wouldn’t be alone; he hoped Seth would have more than the fellowship of a church when he moved into his life.  He wanted a mate, a lifelong companion, and Shawn hoped he’d have one.  Seth had more to give than most people did, a love and loyalty that would make some woman feel deeply loved someday.
At some point Shawn realized his mother was crying.  Mrs. Schneider gave her a tissue, and she dabbed her eyes with it.  Tony didn’t seem aware of this, looking up at the pastor with such attention Shawn checked to make sure he still breathed, but Shawn found himself watching her, hoping her heart was opening to these words and not closing them away.
When the service was over, several people came to say hello, and Alex pulled Shawn aside, grinning.  
“It worked.  She’s here.  Are you thrilled?”
“I hope she doesn’t decide never to return,” Shawn said.
“My mom will call her this week.  She may even pop in this afternoon if you’re going to be home.”
“We’ll be there.”
“Any word from Seth yet?  Julie told me he made an unexpected trip to Springville.  Surprises me.  He and Vinnie never seemed that tight.”
“I don’t know when he’ll be back.”
“I hope it’s soon.  It’s just not the same at group or Hope without him.”
“True,” Shawn said.  He glanced around, and Violet waved to him to join her.  Jenny came for Tony, and Mrs. Schneider took his mom to her class, and Shawn made his way to Violet.
“Where did he go?” she asked, sounding near panic.  “I can’t get him on the phone, and he’s missed two group functions.”
“He left town for a while.  He’ll be back soon,” Shawn said, hoping it was true.
“It’s my fault he left.  I feel horrible.  I made him feel horrible.”
“No, it’s my fault he left.  He was having a hard day, and instead of being a friend I fought with him.  He went to see Vinnie.”
She nodded.  “Call me when he’s back, okay?  I wish he’d stayed here to hurt.  We’re his friends.”
Shawn nodded.  He’d been thinking the same thing for several days now.
He heard nothing in Sunday school.  He watched Violet, and Alex, and mostly Jenny Clearwater.  His mind raced, moving from topic to topic so fast his thoughts were just a painful buzzing in his head.  He thought he’d let God take away his guilt feelings concerning Seth, but today he’d pulled them back out to chew on some more.  He thought he was abandoning his friendship with Jenny to benefit both of them, but every time he looked at her he wanted to cry.  Somewhere along the line he’d truly become part of these people’s lives, enough to wreck them with just a few words and feelings.  He was surprised it was so easy to make such a mess of things.
Soon the class was over, and he left without stopping to talk to anyone.  Mark and Tom looked like they wanted to catch him, but he moved through a crowd to lose them and went to find his family.
Shawn and Mom were silent as they walked to the car, but Tony couldn’t stop talking.  The kids in his class had been nice to him, and he wanted to come again next week.  He wanted to know if he could have a Bible of his own, which Shawn promised to buy him, and he wanted to know if he could join the middle school youth group.  Mom said she’d think about it.  He didn’t like that answer, so he asked Shawn to convince her, but he told Tony the decision was Mom’s.  He seemed to buy that, and he grew quiet as they got in the car.  
“You’re quiet,” Mom said to him.
“Seth wasn’t here today,” he said, wanting to talk to somebody about this.  “He left town a few days ago.  He was upset about some things, and I’m worried.”
“You know where he went?”
“I do.  But I’m part of the reason he left.  I can’t seem…. We argued.  Last time I argued with someone, he died.”
“Oh, Shawn,” Mom said, leaning over to hug his head.  “People argue all the time.  Shawn, I’ve said this many times, and I want you to believe it.  Your father’s death had nothing to do with you.  Not really.  Your pastor today talked about forgiveness, and I didn’t want to hear it.  I don’t want to forgive.  Anger is so much easier.  But you have to forgive yourself.”
“I just want Seth to come back safely, and I want us to be close again.  I don’t know if that can happen.”
They remained silent for the rest of the drive home, and Mom made a quick lunch.  Nobody said much while they ate, and when Tony excused himself, Mom finally talked about the church service.
“I was offended by the things your pastor said.  I didn’t want to hear it.  But I’m wondering if he’s right.  You’ve said the same thing.”
He nodded, and she continued.
“I don’t know what to think.  I’ve seen this belief in a God change you.  And I like the changes I see.  But it’s all too new to me.  I think it sounds nice, a God who loves us, who cares about us.  But then I think about your dad, and my marriage, and your burns, and I wonder if a God really cares at all.  Your dad was a good guy.  But he went wrong.  How can that be part of a loving God’s plan?  And a lot of people have easy lives with no thought of a God at all.”
“What are their deaths like?” Shawn asked.
“What?”
“Those people with easy lives.  What happens to them when they die?”
“I don’t know.”
“If there is a God, and if he’s the God in my Bible, they get fifty nice years and then an eternity of hell.  I’ll take the hard life and an eternity in heaven.”
“Well, you have had the hard life.  I wish you hadn’t.  I had an easy childhood.  I had good parents.  I never meant for my children to have anything different.”
“Mom, I have a question.  I want an honest answer.”
“Okay,” she said hesitantly.
“Do you think I’m ready to get married?”
“Is it the young lady who you work with?” she asked.  “The pretty one?”
“It doesn’t matter.  Do you think I have the maturity to take care of a family?  To be in a committed relationship?”
“You’ve been mature enough to take a big role in this family for years.  I think you’re too young, but yes, I suppose I’d have to say you’re ready.  Maybe you aren’t even too young.  My marriage turned out all wrong.  I get afraid for you and Tony.”
He nodded, his mind on Jenny and Seth and then his mother.  He wasn’t sure what to say to her about Christianity, but suddenly he realized it was out of his hands.  Although he could point the way—and he planned to keep doing that—only the Spirit could change her heart.  Somehow it calmed him to think about that.
“So, you’re not going to tell me why you asked this question?” Mom asked impatiently.
“Oh, sorry.  Yeah, it’s Jenny.  I don’t know.  I’ve just been thinking about her lately, about how to treat her.  Ah, I think I’m going to spend some time in my room this afternoon.  I could use a nap.”
“Shawn, I don’t know how I feel about your church, but I think I’ll keep going for a while.  Is that okay?”
“Sure,” he said, smiling.  “Can Tony join the youth?”
“Yes.  You can tell him.  I think he’ll be glad.”
Shawn ran up the stairs and gave Tony the news.  He was indeed glad, and he asked Shawn if he’d play basketball with him.
“Sorry, kid.  I’d love to, but I keep hurting this knee.  I need to take it easy.  I thought maybe I’d nap.”
“Boring,” Tony said.  “I’ll be outside.”
The doorbell rang, and Tony peered out his window.
“Cool,” he said.  “Alex and Tom are out there.”
They went downstairs, where Mrs. Schneider and Mom were heading into the kitchen.  Tom and Alex went outside with Tony to play ball, and Shawn followed, sitting on the curb to watch.  In a few minutes Tom joined him, and the other two started a game of horse.
“What did your mom say about church?”
“She’s not sure she liked it, but she’s going to try again.”
“Well, that’s something.  Any word from Seth?”
“No.  Does everybody know what happened to Seth?”
“I’m not sure.  I know he went to see Vinnie after he broke up with Violet.”
“Yeah.  He was pretty upset.”
“Seth gets upset sometimes.  Not often, though.  Do you know what caused him to break up with Violet?”
“Sort of, but I’m not talking.  I did some talking the other day and really got myself into trouble.”
“That’s easy to do,” Tom said.  “Alex does it a lot.  People who use their mouths a lot have to apologize for their mouths a lot.”
Shawn chuckled.  “I don’t use my mouth that much, but I still find myself apologizing.”
“Well, we all have days like that, too.  I’m sorry I missed Hope on Saturday.  How’d it go?”
“Good.  This cooler weather makes things easier.  It was nice not to be in charge, though.”
“Do you mean that?  You always seem to be enjoying yourself out there.”
“I suppose I do.  I really liked working with the teenagers.  Mr. Clearwater has asked me to help again this week, and I’m looking forward to it.”
“I think it would be great to work with Christians, like you work with Jenny and Julie and Marty.  Sometimes at the shop, the other guys start telling jokes and stories that are really offensive.  Alex is bold enough to ask them to stop, but they don’t really like us because of that.  It’s not much fun.”
“I do like working with them.  But, when I work at Clearwater Homes, I run into some of that, too.  Mr. Clearwater himself says it’s hard to know how to handle that.  I wonder when I should say anything about God.”
“That’s hard,” Tom said.  “Watch Seth.  He has a special ability to know when to speak and when to hold his tongue.  God has prepared him well for the mission field.”
Shawn nodded, wondering when Seth would come home.
“So, you’re not a basketball player?”
“I am, but I still have trouble with the knee.”
“Sorry.”
“It’s okay.  You know, I think I hurt it a long time ago, and at the beach I just hurt it again.  I had forgotten that until recently.  It’s odd.”
Tom looked at him with a bit of concern on his face, and Shawn laughed. 
“I got hurt once.  House fire.  In the chaos I twisted my knee, but in the aftermath I forgot.  I had a lot of burns to think about.”
“Oh.  Doesn’t sound like fun.”
“No.  But it’s life.”
They fell into a comfortable silence and watched Alex beat Tony at horse.  Tom got into the next game, and after about an hour and a half Mrs. Schneider and Mom emerged, laughing.
“Thursday night, then?” Mrs. Schneider asked.
“Shawn, can you be home to watch Tony?”
“Sure.”
“Emily, I’m looking forward to it,” Mom said.  
They left, and Shawn followed his mom back into the house.
“So, what’s Thursday?”
“Emily and I are going out to dinner.  Just the two of us.  She’s really a nice woman.  When she showed up I thought she was here to plug the church.  But she was nice.  She wants more single friends.”
“I’m glad you two hit it off,” he said sincerely.  “I’ve had a long week.  I’m taking a nap.”


Chapter 14

Shawn had little experience in carpentry, but Marty had given him directions and promised to keep an eye on him, and on Monday morning he stood in a circle of eight teenage girls and explained how to build a deck.  They were full of energy, and they wanted to do as much as they could, and they listened to his directions with such concentration he almost laughed at them; what they lacked in skill they made up in enthusiasm.
He got them pounding nails and then moved across the lot to get some power saws set up for their next step.  When he returned he watched them a moment.  They seemed to get along, laughing and teasing each other, but one girl didn’t participate.  She hung back, pounding at the farthest corner of the deck and not joining the group.  The youth leader walked by and stopped, watching with him.
“How are they doing?” he asked.
“Fine.  The small girl on the end; what’s her name?”
“Becky.  Becky Woods.  Is she keeping up?”
“Oh, yes, she’s not a problem.”
“I said something to Marty, but I guess I should have told you, too.  She has a little trouble getting around.  One leg’s shorter, and she doesn’t walk well.  Some hip trouble.  I don’t think it will slow her down.”
Shawn nodded and set up the saws, pulling out an extension cord and some safety glasses from the equipment box.  Two girls had finished their section of the wall, and he got them started cutting the floorboards.  Becky and a girl from the other side finished next, and he herded them to the second saw.
“Are you two up to some power tools?” he asked.
“I think so,” one girl said, wrinkling her nose.  She was a cute little thing with long red hair and freckles.
“I don’t know,” Becky said. She was a striking girl, with delicate features and light hair worn short and soft around her face.  “I’m not very strong.”
“That’s where the power part comes in,” Shawn said, smiling.  “Do you ladies have names?”
“Alexandra,” the redhead said.
“Becky,” Becky answered.
“Good.  A and B.  I should be able to remember that.  Okay, I want you to start measuring for me.  I have the measurements on this paper, and here’s a pencil.  When you get all the boards measured, call me.  Make sure you mark with an arrow which side is which length, okay?”
The girls nodded, and he left them a while, watching from a distance.  Becky moved with a pronounced limp, but she got where she needed to go.  Alexandra laughed and joked with her, and soon another girl joined them, but when she did, Becky grew quiet and moved away, letting the other girl take over.  Shawn frowned and returned to the pair, drawing the new girl aside.
“May I ask your name?” 
“Catherine,” the girl said.
“Wow.  Alexandra and Becky and Catherine.  ABC.  You all are making this too easy.  Okay, C, while A and B measure here, I want you to measure those boards over there.  Good carpentry is dependent upon good measurements.  Pick yourself a partner, and mark these numbers for me.”
He handed her a sheet of paper and a pencil, and she grabbed a friend and began to measure.  He stepped away, and he was glad to see Becky and Alexandra laughing again.
He had to get Marty a couple times, but by lunch he felt more confident with the progress of the deck.  He sat with Julie and Jenny to eat, sitting away from Jenny, hoping to keep his times with her as light as possible.  
“So, how are your girls?” Julie asked.
“They’re great.  A few smashed fingers, but they soon get used to that.  May I ask how I got teenage girl duty this week?”
“That was Julie’s idea,” Jenny said, grinning.
“Oh, come on,” Julie said.  “We know you need to stay on the ground, with that knee, and Marty thinks he’s grooming you to take over his job someday, so he wants you to learn all kinds of new things, like decks.” 
“But where did the girl part come from?” Shawn asked, deciding to let the reference to his knee pass.  
“Well, this group has a lot of smaller girls, and decks are great for smaller girls.  But they’re tiring, and the poor things always smash their hands to bits and get splinters galore.  We thought spending the week with a cute college guy would make it easier to bear.”
He just looked at them, and then he laughed, realizing they were serious.
“Okay,” he said, “I have no idea what to say to that.  I’ve been called a lot of things, but not a cute college guy.”
“I think that adds to your cuteness,” Julie said.  “You have no clue you’re being drooled over.”
“Julie,” Jenny scolded.
“You two are dangerous,” Shawn said, shaking his head.  “Oh, I have a question.  I’ve got a little girl with some leg trouble.  Not enough to slow her down, really, but I’ve been watching her, and I’m not sure I like what I see.  When she’s with one other girl, she laughs and acts like any other teenage girl.  As soon as she’s in a group, though, she pulls away entirely.  My question is whether I can do anything.  These kids are here for more than work, you know?  I saw that with the last group.  They grow as a team, and they grow in the Lord.  If I get a chance to talk to this girl, is it appropriate that I do so?  Being the cute college guy that I am?”
“I think so,” Jenny said.  “You’re right—we do more than build homes here.  Shawn, you’re amazing sometimes.  Yes, talk to this girl.  Talk to all of them.”
“Good,” he said.  “Well, I want to get the floor done today so we can do the railing tomorrow, so I think I’ll go round up my team.”
As the day wore on he found himself watching the girls closely.  He talked to them, and he laughed with them—and at them—a lot, but mostly he observed, deciding who possessed what skills and how best to use them.  The girls were all young, thirteen and fourteen years old, and they had no knowledge of construction, which was good, because he had no experience in this area, either, and they knew too little to realize that.
He didn’t approach Becky that day for more than the usual directions, but he decided she was very aware of and uncomfortable with her disability, which surprised him, since the girls never seemed to make any mention of it or avoid her for it.  He thought her problem was entirely in her head, and he gave it a lot of thought as they cleaned up for the day.
The local churches provided dinners for the kids who came to Hope, and although Shawn, Jenny, Julie, and Marty were always invited, they only went once or twice with each group.  Tonight Shawn had planned to go home, but the girls begged him to go with them, and he talked Jenny and Julie into joining him, hoping they could give him some insight into little Becky.  The church wasn’t far, and Shawn rode in Jenny’s car.  Julie had tried to put him in the front seat beside Jenny, but he had maneuvered himself into the back.
“So, ladies,” he said, “what do we think of this group?”
“The kids helping with siding are doing fine,” Julie said.  “Jenny, do you agree?”
“Yes.  Some of them were here last summer and know the ropes.  I think we’ll get the house completely finished and maybe start another this week.”
“Good,” Shawn said.  “We’ll have our deck done tomorrow or Wednesday, and then we’ll get to the painting in the other house.”
“We’re cooking this summer,” Julie said.  “Shawn Carpenter, you’ve been such a blessing.”
“Thanks,” he said, smiling.  He thought of Seth then and frowned.  His friend was still missing work, still worrying his mother, and Shawn was largely responsible for it.  He wasn’t a blessing to everyone.  “Hey, ladies, can you help me with the girls tonight?  Can you watch them and tell me what you think?  I’m still not sure about Becky.”
“Sure,” Jenny said.  “No problem.”
Dinner was noisy.  The group was about forty strong, twelve adults and the rest high school and middle school kids.  They only lived ninety minutes north, but it was too far to commute all week, so they were bunking at a church near the Hope site.  Tonight they were excited and talked with great animation about the bruises and smashed fingers and other little crises of their day.  The girls all sat at the table with Shawn, vying for spots close to him, but Jenny and Julie rescued him by sitting to either side, and Shawn had to laugh. Even though he tried to deny it, their attention was a boost to his ego.
Becky sat at the end of the table, and she said almost nothing during the meal.  Alexandra sat beside her and tried to engage her in conversation, but Becky answered in short sentences and nothing more.
“Which one?” Jenny whispered when they sat down.
“The end, far corner.”
“The pretty one?  Blond?”
“Yes.”
She said no more, and when they finished, Shawn slipped away to the car, followed soon after by Julie and Jenny.
“Do you want to come to my pool and swim a bit tonight?” Jenny asked.
“Sounds good,” Julie said.  “My muscles could use a good stretch.”
“Sorry, I’ll have to pass,” Shawn said.  “Maybe another night.”
Jenny nodded, but she looked disappointed.  He didn’t want to hurt her, but he had to stay away from her in situations where they might become emotionally attached.  They fell into a tense silence, which Julie broke with some feelings about Becky.
“I watched the girl,” Julie said.  “I think she has no confidence.  I don’t think the girls treated her differently, but she feels different regardless.”
“That’s kind of what I thought,” Shawn said.
“She’s the age where looks mean everything,” Jenny said quietly.  “She looks in the mirror and sees nothing beautiful.  She sees a hip and leg that don’t work.  I’m not sure why she’s okay with one person but not in a group.  She could be shy.  But I wonder if she doesn’t look at the group and think she can’t belong.  So she doesn’t see that she does.”
“Any idea what can help her?” Shawn asked.
“No,” Jenny said.  “Just let her know she’s part of the group, whether she can see it or not.  Just let the Spirit lead you this week.”
He nodded, wondering what might help the girl focus on her gifts.  At the moment nothing came to mind, and he hoped God would send some insight before the week was over.

Shawn woke with a start, running his hand through his hair.  This nightmare just wouldn’t leave him alone.  It was the third time since Seth’s disappearance that he’d dreamed of that night.  He got out of bed quickly, as though it were the cause of his dreams, and sat in his recliner, glancing at the clock.  It was just past midnight.
The night was cool, and he’d opened his window; when he heard a car pull up, he glanced outside.  Seth’s car paused at his drive and then left.
“No,” Shawn mumbled.  “Seth, if you’re back I need to see you.”
He didn’t think about the late hour.  He got into his shorts and a T-shirt and ran down to his car.  He assumed Seth would go to his apartment, and he drove through the dim streets hoping to talk to him, to apologize after all this time for sending him away.  He got to the parking lot as Seth walked to his door.
“Seth,” he called.  His friend looked back in surprise.
“Shawn?  What are you doing here?”
“I saw you drive by my house.  May I come in?  Please?”
“Shawn, it’s late.  I’ve been driving all evening.”
“Right,” Shawn said, embarrassed.  He hadn’t thought at all about how Seth would react to this intrusion.   “I’m sorry.  Call me tomorrow, okay?”
“No, no, come on up.  It’s okay.  I just wasn’t planning to have this conversation so soon.”
Shawn followed him up, not sure he should be here.  Seth was tired, and he’d again shown his friend no consideration.  He sat on the sofa while Seth went into the bathroom, and while he was tempted to be gone when he came out, he thought he might as well get this over with even though he’d started it out wrong.  When Seth came out, he sat on the recliner and rubbed his hand through his hair, pulling out the rubber band and shaking it loose.
“I’m sorry I ran,” Seth said.
“That sounds familiar,” Shawn said.  Seth grinned.
“I didn’t even call.  It was immature of me.”
“Oh, we knew where you were.”
“What?” Seth said.
“You didn’t show up for group, and I just…I had Julie track you down.  It was prying, I know, but the last time I had an argument with someone, he ended up dead two days later.”
“Shawn, I didn’t even consider…  I’m sorry I put you through that.  I just had to think.  It wasn’t even the fight with you that got to me so much.  I was disappointed with myself for trying to…for my behavior with Violet.  Well, I was mad at you, too.  You really hit a nerve.”
“I know.  I’m sorry.  I don’t know what to say.  I shouldn’t have been talking about you with Jenny.  In fairness to her, I started the whole thing.  I wasn’t happy with all the concern my knee was getting.  Did your time away help you get things straightened out?”
“I don’t know.”
“Did you ever tell Vinnie what you were doing there?”
“No.”  Seth laughed.  “I can’t believe you guys tracked me down.  I guess you all must like me, even if I do get a little overprotective.”
“Yeah, you’re not such a bad guy to have around.  I don’t know why I don’t like to be worried about.”
“You’re not the only one.  Jenny and I talked about it once.  I just get weird about my friends.  I desperately don’t want anything to happen to any of you.  I guess that’s why I keep giving you trouble about Jenny, too.  You click unlike I’ve seen any two people click before.”
“Maybe,” Shawn said.  “Maybe you just see us better than we are because you’re looking for a relationship yourself.”
“Maybe,” Seth said.  “So, who knows where I’ve been?”
“Um, probably everybody at this point.  Violet is sure she drove you away, and your mom was frantic on Sunday, but I think I helped them calm down.”
Seth got up and went into the kitchen, his brow deeply furrowed.  “Want a soda?”
“Sure,” Shawn said, joining Seth.  
“I still haven’t apologized to Violet.”
“She called you sweet,” Shawn said, grinning.  
“That was generous of her,” Seth said.
“You know, you did stop.  You didn’t have sex with her,” Shawn said.  “I don’t think considering a thing is so bad, when the considering leads you not to sin.”
“But I did sin.  I treated her wrong.  Even if she doesn’t see it, I have to make it right.”
“I know how hard that is,” Shawn said.  “I was really worried I’d blown it with everybody last week.”
“No.” Seth said.  He grinned, and Shawn knew things were going to be okay.
“Hey,” Shawn said as they went back to the living room.  “My mom made it to church.”
“Great.  What did she think?”
“Mrs. Schneider has taken her under her wing.  She’s not sure she likes what she’s hearing, but she said she’d go back next week, and she’s given Tony permission to join the youth group.”
“That’s great news,” Seth said.  He yawned.
“I should go,” Shawn said, smiling. 
“You could crash here tonight.”
“No, I need to get up early.  Mr. Clearwater has me back at Hope this week, and we start early.  I’m a foreman to a group of eight middle school girls.”
Seth laughed.  “Don’t tell me—Julie’s idea.”
“How did you know that?” Shawn asked.  Seth just shook his head and laughed.  “I’m going to use your restroom before I go.  Get some sleep tonight, my friend.  I hope things go well when you see Violet.  Call her and your mom in the morning, okay?”
“Sure.”
Shawn walked away, and Seth called him back.
“I’m sorry you had to worry.  I won’t go anywhere, you know?  Not like your dad did.”
“I know.  Old panic just doesn’t die that easily.”
“Vinnie works, and I had a lot of time to read the Word.  I read from the Gospels, about the disciples.  They reminded me of us.  They had Jesus right there, like we have His words, and they still said and did stupid things.  But Jesus loved them.  After he was raised from the dead, one morning he made them breakfast, because they’d been out all night fishing.  That story amazed me.  You’d think dying on a Roman cross was enough, you know?  But Jesus kept thinking of their needs.  He never stopped taking care of them, just like He never stops taking care of us.”
“Just like you gave me your flashlight,” Shawn said.
“Just like you took care of Mom and Violet.”
They said nothing more; they didn’t need to, which was good, because the conversation had gotten sappy enough as it was.  Shawn went into the bathroom, not surprised, when he came out, to find Seth asleep in the soft chair.  He covered him with a blanket and left as quietly as he could.  It was nice to have him back and to know their friendship had survived this.

“Allison, Tracy, and Alexandra, take the kitchen.  Becky, you’re with me.  Everyone else take the living room.  Any questions?”
They said no and broke up, but Shawn didn’t miss the looks they gave Becky, clearly jealous.  He had never been flirted with so much in his life, and it was no longer flattering.  It was exhausting.
“Let’s start with the edges,” Shawn said, opening the paint can.  The group had finished the deck yesterday evening, and they would spend the rest of the week in this house, painting.  He’d been impressed with the deck, being the first one he’d ever helped build, but it was hard doing something new and teaching it at the same time.  Painting, while not as exciting, was at least familiar, and it kept the girls out of the sun.  They were all pale, and all had been fairly pink the past two days.
Becky started at the floor, carefully painting around the doorway.  She was silent, and Shawn tried to think of some way to make her open up.  Her silence and withdrawn attitude the last few days broke his heart.  He saw some of himself in her.
“So, Becky, what grade do you start in the fall?”
“Eighth.  I’m starting a new school.”
“Are you looking forward to it?”
“No.  I’m kind of nervous.”
“It’s hard to be with new people.  I’ve always struggled with that.”
“Are you just saying that?” she asked, wrinkling her nose.  She was cute; he thought she would be a lovely lady someday.
“No.  I’ve had to overcome a lot of it this summer.  I became a Christian a few months ago, and suddenly I’m surrounded by people.  It isn’t always easy.”
“I don’t like being surrounded by people,” Becky said quietly.  “They stare.  Nobody says anything, but I hate the way they stare.”
“Do the kids in your youth group stare?” he asked.
“Not any more.  But the boys never give me a second glance.”
Shawn nodded, trying hard not to chuckle.  “Becky, I’m not sure that has anything to do with your leg.  To the older boys, you’re still just a girl, and to the younger boys, you’re an icky girl.  All girls are.”
She laughed, but then she grew quiet.  They painted in silence for a while, and she was the one to break the silence this time.
“We did a good job on the deck, didn’t we?”
“Looked good to me.  I hate to admit this, but that was my first deck, too.”
“Really?”
“Really.  You girls make a good team.  You work together better than most groups we get.”
She said nothing, dipping her brush back into the can and working with almost a fury on the wall.  In a moment he realized she was crying.
“Becky, what’s wrong?” he asked, moving to her side.  He sat on the floor and looked at her.
“I’m so embarrassed,” she said.
“Why?”
“For crying.  It’s dumb.”
“It isn’t dumb.  You know, even Jesus cried.  My friend Jenny says it’s a blessing to enjoy strong emotions.  So, why are you crying?”
“I haven’t been a good team member.  I was worried.  I didn’t want you to stare at me.”
“Have I?”
“Not really.”
“I know how much it can hurt to be stared at.  You’re right; a look can hurt as much as a cruel word, especially a first look, when someone first realizes you’re different from them.”
“How would you know?” the girl asked, anger in her voice.  “I hate when people say things like this to me when they don’t know anything about me.”
“I don’t know about you.  Maybe it isn’t the same for you.”
He took a deep breath and slipped his shirt over his head, turning so she could see the worst of it.  She stared, but not in disgust.  She was amazed, he thought.  She reached out to touch it and then pulled away.
“Go ahead,” he said.  “It feels strange.”
She touched his shoulder, and she smiled.
“You do know what it feels like.”
“Yes, and you handle yours better than I handle mine.  I hid this for six years.  Even my own mother didn’t really see it until a few weeks ago.  I was in a house fire.  The first time somebody saw it, I ran away.”
“But you wouldn’t do that now,” she said, looking scandalized.
“It was a month ago.”
She laughed, and he put his shirt back on.  “You’re right.  You do handle it worse than I do.”
He chuckled and stood, going back to the far wall.
“Mr. Carpenter,” she said after some time passed.
“Hmm?”
“You hid it for six years.  How did somebody finally see it?”
“God decided it was time I stop hiding.  He wanted me to be able to show Becky Woods so she’d have somebody to laugh with.  He wanted my friend Seth to know me, really know me, and maybe help me heal some wounds.  He has plans for us, and we can’t hide from them.”
“I guess I know that.  But the boys still look at me strange.”
“They’ll stop.  They’ll grow up.  But the girls really like you.”
“You think so?”
“Seems to me they always try to talk to you.”
“I suppose.”
They chatted lightly for a while longer, and then Shawn rotated the girls, changing the groups so they would all be forced to work together.  He enjoyed his one-on-one time with them.  One was a new Christian, and he had a lot in common with her.  One came from a divorced family, and although he said nothing of his father’s death, he could understand the girl’s unique problems.  Each one was smart and unique, and at the end of the day he felt he had connected with many of them.
“You’re a mess,” Julie said when Marty called for clean up.  She and Jenny came from the far site to help clean brushes.
“Painting,” he said.  “My arm is tired.  And we have two more days of it.  I can’t wait until you all get over this knee thing and I can get back to roofing.  That’s my favorite job.  I love the heights.”
“We wanted to know if you’d like to go to dinner before group tonight,” Jenny said.
“Sounds great, but I need a shower.  It may take a while to get all this off.”
She frowned, and Julie shrugged, as though they’d asked him expecting him to turn them down.  He ached for doing it to them, but he saw no choice.  He had to treat Jenny in a way her father could respect.
“Will Seth show up tonight?” Julie asked, quickly filling in the dark silence.
“He’ll be there.  I didn’t see him yesterday—he worked second shift—but he left a message on the machine assuring me he’d be there.”
“Is he okay?” Jenny asked.
“I think so.  I hope so.  He needs to talk to Violet.  Maybe he did yesterday.  And I was glad I hadn’t completely botched our friendship.”
“You’d have to do a lot to botch a friendship with Seth,” Jenny said.  “He’s very forgiving.  May I ask what you guys fought about?”
“Just stupid things,” Shawn said.  Jenny nodded, and he knew he should just tell her.  Could it hurt anything to talk to her?  “I got upset about the knee thing.  He found out you and I had been talking about him.  Only when I was mad and talked about it, it sounded like we’d been putting him down.  He knows you’d never say anything cruel about him, Jenny.  It was me he wasn’t so sure about.”
She nodded, smiling.  “He knows Julie and me as well as his own sisters.  Maybe because he has sisters of his own.”
“Well, he’s getting to know me, and it isn’t always easy,” Shawn said.  He shrugged.  Jenny smiled at him with that smile that melted him, the open smile full of approval.
“I’m looking forward to having him at group tonight,” Julie said, looking from Jenny to Shawn.  Aware that he was staring at her, he shook his head and excused himself.  He felt like a schoolboy with a crush on the teacher.  He was embarrassed and sad, and somewhere in the back of his mind Seth told him they were meant for each other.  He wanted to believe it, but it just didn’t seem possible.


Chapter 15 

When Ben said Seth wanted to talk to the group a moment, Julie turned and raised an eyebrow at Shawn, who shrugged.  He had no idea what his friend planned to say.  Alex poked him in the ribs and shot him the same look as Julie, and he just grinned.
“Um, I need to apologize,” Seth said.  He was dressed in nice shorts and a golf shirt, his hair neatly pulled back.  Shawn knew he’d dressed well tonight so he could do this, say whatever was on his mind.  He spoke not with his normal confidence, but instead with a humble sadness.
“Last week I took off.  I had trouble with some friendships, and I chose to run.  It wasn’t right.  I missed group, and I missed church when a friend could have used my presence, and I didn’t show up at Hope Homes.  I’ve been thinking a lot, about what it means to belong to the Porter college group.  While I was gone, a friend took care of things for me.  A few times I’ve taken care of things for him.
“I’ve had some talks with people lately about what it means to be a united team, like Christ told us to be.  When I left last week, I didn’t tell anyone where I was going.  I didn’t tell anyone that I was going.  But some of you tracked me down.  That’s amazing to me.  I just want everyone here to know how special you are.  All of you.  I hope we can always be a group like this, a group that really lives out what Jesus wants from us.  I hope we take what we learn here and become parts of groups like this for our whole lives.  Anyway, I was really moved, and I’m glad to be here.  Thanks.”
Seth came back to his seat beside Shawn, who grinned and held out his hand.
“Well said,” Shawn said.  Instead of shaking his hand, Seth hugged him.  Everyone in the room said ahh, and Seth and Shawn both laughed.
“It won’t happen again,” Seth said quietly.
“If it does, I’ll just sic Julie on you again,” Shawn said.  Seth laughed.
When group was over people had a lot to say to Seth, and Shawn drifted away with Alex.
“My mom is really looking forward to tomorrow,” he said.
“Good,” Shawn said.  “My mom is excited, too.  I think they really hit it off.”
“I know.  It’s nice.  Single moms who work don’t always have time for real friendships, you know?  So, I see Seth got in safely.  I guess he called you Tuesday?”
“No,” Shawn said, laughing.  “He drove by my house when I was looking out the window, at, ah, almost midnight Monday night.  I got in my car and followed him home.  A little spontaneous and not too considerate, but I had to know if he was okay.”
“I don’t think he was too upset,” Tom said, joining the conversation.  Mark joined as well, looking over at Seth.
“He looks okay,” Mark said.
“I think he is.”
“Violet looks okay, too,” Tom said.
“She does.  Dating and breaking up are hard in a small group like this,” Alex said.
Seth broke away from everyone and moved to Violet, hugging her.  They exchanged a few private words, and then he joined the guys.
“So, Shawn, are we working at Hope this weekend?”
“We aren’t scheduled, but we have some work to do,” Shawn said.  “Don’t be surprised if Julie calls you Friday night to see if you can come.  We have a deck and roof to do.  A big grant came in, and Mr. Clearwater thinks he can get two more homes done this summer beyond those planned.  The high school group leaves Friday, and another comes Saturday, but it’s a small group.  Smaller than we thought.”
“I’ll be there,” Seth said.
“Me, too,” Mark said.
“I don’t know about my schedule,” Alex said, and Tom nodded agreement.
“Good.  I’ll have Julie call you if we don’t work, okay?”
The group broke up, and Seth asked Shawn if he wanted to come over and crash.
“Sure.”
“I just don’t like living alone,” Seth admitted.  “The apartment is too quiet.”
“We don’t have to start so early tomorrow,” Shawn said.  “I haven’t told you about Becky, have I?”
“No.”
“I’ll tell you tonight.  I think maybe I broke through to someone who needed it this week.”
“Hey, that’s great,” Seth said.  “Let’s go.  I want to hear about this.”

Shawn woke with a start, looking around a moment in confusion.  The house wasn’t on fire.  This wasn’t even his house.  His pulse raced, and he ran a hand through his hair.  What was happening to him?
“Shawn?”
He jumped at the voice, and he looked up where Seth stood in the doorway, wearing boxers that made him look skinny.  Shawn was vaguely aware that he wore no shirt, but this was Seth.  He’d seen it.  At the edge of his memory a bit of his dream held on, and he heard himself scream.
“Nightmare,” he said.  He got up and walked to the kitchen, getting himself a drink of water.
“You don’t look so good,” Seth said.
“It wasn’t just any nightmare.  It was that night.  For the first few months after the fire, I dreamed about it a lot.  But they went away.  After you left, they started again.  I thought they’d stop now that you’re back.”
“I’m sorry.”
“No, it wasn’t you.  It was how I reacted.”
“Maybe you should talk to somebody.  God doesn’t expect us to deal with everything ourselves.”
“I don’t know.  I don’t want to talk about it, you know?  You saw what happened last time.”
“You got sick.  But since then you’ve seemed better about it.”
“Maybe.    Maybe it will just go away.”
“Ben would listen,” Seth said.  Then he shook his head.  “Sorry.  Holding on too tight again.”
“I never meant that.  I don’t know why I said that.  Pretend I didn’t, okay?  Don’t worry about offending me.”
“Easier said than done.”
“True.”
“May I venture a theory?”
“Shoot,” Shawn said, drinking his water and heading back to the sofa to lie down.
“You’re still in love with Jenny Clearwater.  I was lost, and you thought I might be gone like your dad.  Maybe you’re afraid of losing her, too.  So your mind goes back to the last time you lost someone.”
“Maybe,” Shawn said.  He didn’t give much thought to these psychological things.  He had a feeling Jenny would have a theory about his nightmares, too.  He suddenly wondered if Seth was right.  “I can’t do much about it, then.”
“You’re stubborn, you know that?” Seth said with a grin.
“Yep.” Shawn yawned.  “I never dream it more than once a night, so I guess I’m done for tonight.”
“You’ll be okay?”
“Yeah.  When I’m up like this I like to pray.”
“I pray when I’m up at night, too.  Sometimes I get busy and don’t give God time during the day.  When that goes on awhile, I always have trouble staying asleep at night.  I think God wakes me up to spend time with me.  He wants to commune with me that badly, and he knows I need to be with him, too.”
Shawn smiled.  He liked thinking God pursued his loved ones that way.
“Pleasant prayers,” Seth said, going to his room.
“You, too,” Shawn said.  He lay back down.  “God, thanks for bringing him safely home.”

His arm ached on Thursday from the painting.  The girls were all short, so he’d done most of the high part, and even on the ladder he’d had his arm too high for too long.  Today he worked alone, breaking the group into pairs in the other rooms.  When Julie came in, he jumped, thinking of his prayer time the night before and how he’d kept thinking about Jenny.  He’d prayed a long time about her and how he should act toward her.
“Whoa,” Julie said when he startled.  He looked at her, surprised at the grim look on her face.
“What’s wrong?”
“Mr. Clearwater and Mr. Johnson want an audience.”
“What happened?” he asked, following her.  She didn’t answer, instead shaking her head.  
Mr. Johnson, the youth leader, was a man in his early thirties.  He always looked nervous, and right now he looked angry as well.  They stood in a house the group was siding today, just him, Jenny, and her dad.
“Mr. Carpenter,” Mr. Clearwater said, his voice grave, “there’s been a complaint about your behavior toward one of the young women.”
Shawn was sure his mouth dropped.  His first reaction was anger at such an accusation, but he stood unmoving, not looking at any of them directly.
“I’m told you exposed yourself to one of the girls in an improper manner, and you were then touched by that girl,” Mr. Johnson said.  “Do you care to explain yourself?”
From the side of his eyes he saw Jenny slip out the door, and his heart sank.  What if she believed this?  For a moment he said nothing.  He thought he knew what had happened, and he didn’t want to get Becky in trouble.  He had to say this well.
“I think there’s been a misunderstanding,” he said quietly.  “I assume the girl in question is Becky Woods?”
“Yes.”
“She has a disability,” Shawn said, aiming his words at Mr. Clearwater, whom he felt to be the judge in this matter.  “She struggles with it.  I had talked to Jenny and Julie about her, because I felt she was too withdrawn.  Yesterday we painted together.  I painted with all of them individually, so I could get to know them.  They’re great girls.
“Anyway, I said some things to Becky.  I acted like I understood what it’s like to be physically different, because I do understand.  She didn’t believe me.  So I showed her.  I was in a house fire.  I have scarring across one shoulder and over sixty percent of my back.  I took my shirt off, and she did touch the scars on my shoulder.  I didn’t think it was inappropriate.  People with physical problems don’t always get touched enough, and they don’t always touch.  Nothing sexual occurred.”
“That isn’t how the story was told to me,” Mr. Johnson said firmly.  “This girl’s parents are not Christians.  We run a very good chance of finding ourselves in the middle of a lawsuit, Mr. Carpenter.  Do you understand the seriousness of this problem?”
“Yes, sir,” Shawn said, closing his eyes a moment.  How had this happened?  He thought he’d made a connection with the girl.  How had he offended her this much?  Where had these stories come from?
“Mr. Johnson,” Mr. Clearwater said, “who brought the complaint to you?  Was it this girl herself?”
“No.  One of the other girls brought this to my attention.”
“Have you spoken to Becky about it?” Mr. Clearwater asked.
“Not yet.”
Shawn stood entirely still as the men talked.  He thought he knew what had happened, but to say it would damage Becky’s reputation, and he couldn’t do that.  Of course, being dismissed from a job for molesting children wasn’t a pleasant thought, either.
The door opened, and Jenny entered with Becky clinging to her hand.
“I think Becky has something to say,” Jenny said firmly.  Shawn had never seen Jenny angry before.
“I don’t think questioning her here in front of him is a good idea,” Mr. Johnson said.  Shawn was glad the youth leaders at Porter were nothing like this nervous, angry man.
“I do,” Mr. Clearwater said.  Shawn carefully did not meet Becky’s gaze.  He had never felt so vulnerable before.  He wanted to disappear into the floor.
“Jenny told me what somebody said about Shawn,” Becky said, her voice full of tears.  “It’s my fault.  He was nice to me yesterday, and he told me things I didn’t think he told everybody.  Guys aren’t usually nice to me.  So when we got back, everybody was talking about him, because he’s cute and nice”—Shawn rolled his eyes, and he saw Jenny suppress a smile—“and I told them about my time with him.  Only I made it bigger.  I wanted them to think a guy could like me.  Please don’t do anything to Shawn.  He never did anything wrong.  I lied.”
Mr. Johnson stared at them a moment, clearly not sure what to believe.  Jenny regained her look of anger, and Shawn glanced at Becky, at the tears streaming down her face.  He wanted to comfort her, but he was still afraid to move.
“Becky, tell me what happened between you.”
She looked at Shawn, and he smiled at her.  She was scared.
“It’s okay.  Tell him the truth.  You won’t get in trouble.”
“Mr. Carpenter,” Mr. Johnson warned.
“Howard, let him talk,” Mr. Clearwater said.  “This isn’t a trial.”
Jenny smiled again, and Becky took a deep breath and told a story much like Shawn had.  When she was done, she walked to Shawn and looked up in his face.
“I’m sorry,” she said.  “Please don’t hate me.”
He smiled and nodded, looking up at Mr. Johnson and Mr. Clearwater.  He couldn’t tell what either was thinking.
“Mr. Carpenter,” Mr. Johnson finally said, “I’m sorry to have accused you of doing wrong.  Becky, we need to have a little conversation.”
“Yes, Mr. Johnson,” she said penitently.
“May I speak with her a moment first?” Shawn asked.  Mr. Johnson looked at Jenny’s dad, who nodded. The Clearwaters left, but Mr. Johnson stayed.  Shawn crouched down so he could look at her eye to eye.
“I didn’t mean to say those things.”
“I know, but I’m disappointed you felt you had to do that.  The girls like you, and if the guys don’t, it’s because you’re thirteen years old. You are going to be a lovely woman someday.”
“But I limp.”
“You remind me of Jenny Clearwater.”
“How?  She’s beautiful.”
“She is.  But you know what I like most about her?”
“What?”
“The way the Holy Spirit shines through her.  She is wise in the Word, and wise about people, and more than once God has spoken to me through her.  And you know what?  If her legs ever stop working, or she’s in a fire, I’ll still think she’s beautiful, because the Spirit will always be part of her.  A blind person could talk to her five minutes and know she was beautiful.  Anyone who talks to you for five minutes can see that in you, too.  And anyone who won’t talk to you for five minutes is hardly worth worrying about, don’t you think?”
“I guess so.”
“So, maybe from now on you can show off to the girls by being the wisest.”
She nodded, and he went with her to the door, stopping in surprise when he saw Jenny standing there.  Becky left with her youth leader, and Jenny frowned.
“Did I say something offensive again?”  he asked.
“I was just thinking how you used to talk to me like that.”
Her words were full of hurt, and he ran a hand through his hair.
“I’m sorry if it seems I’ve been distant—“ he started.
“Shawn, what did I do to make you run from me so hard?  Was it just the way I looked at the scars?”
“No.”  He took her hands, holding them close to him and then dropping them.  “No, not at all.”
“So?  One minute we’re friends, and then you can’t seem to spend five minutes with me,” she said, still angry.  It was nicer to have her angry for him than at him.
“Jenny, I know you and your parents want to be careful with your emotional life, your dating life.  I don’t understand courtship that well, but I’ve talked to your dad a bit, and I know I’m not what you need.  You are wise and knowledgeable and experienced in Christianity, and I can’t begin to be a spiritual head over you.  I know I’ll grow in Christ, but it’s like standing on a molehill and longing to be as tall as the Rockies.  But when I’m with you…” He shook his head and shrugged, out of words.  They died in his throat.
“But what?” she asked.  “Daddy told you not to be my friend?”
“No.  I promised him I’d be careful with your heart and mine.  And then I kissed you, and I can’t get my heart under control.  It isn’t fair to pull you into something with no future.”
She nodded, looking confused, and said nothing.  When she turned away, still silent, he called her back.
“Jenny, thanks.  For getting Becky.”
“I knew you wouldn’t hurt that girl.  Daddy knew it, too.”
“I wasn’t convinced of that,” Shawn admitted.  “I was worried.”
She smiled and patted his shoulder, pausing and feeling the rough skin beneath.  “You let her touch it.  I’m proud of you.”
He nodded, and she left, and he had no idea where they currently stood.  
The rest of the day passed without incident, for which Shawn was thankful.  He didn’t see Mr. Clearwater again, and Mr. Johnson pointedly avoided him.  The girls were more reserved than they had been, apparently aware they had gotten Shawn into trouble, but he said nothing of it. When the day was over, Julie came to help clean up, and Shawn was surprised to see Seth and Alex with her.
“Jenny called and said you had a rough day,” Seth said, clapping Shawn on the shoulder.
“Where is she?” he asked Julie.
“She went home with her dad,” Julie said.  “So, let’s go have some dinner.  You can tell us what it’s like to be accused of a major crime.”  
“How about dinner at my house?” Shawn asked.  “I have to watch Tony tonight.”
“Sure,” Seth said.  “Alex and I will pick something up.  We’ll surprise you.”
When they got to the cars, Julie went with him.
“So, did I upset Jenny?” he asked.
“No.  She wasn’t sure what to think.  She told me, by the way.  I hope you don’t mind.”
“No.  I guess I should have been honest with her a long time ago.”
“I think she was a little miffed at her dad, though.”
“Great.  I really needed to get my employer in trouble.”
She laughed.  He wasn’t sure it was funny.
Dinner was light and enjoyable.  Tony ate quickly and went to play basketball with the neighbor kids, and Shawn told his friends of his day. The ordeal from earlier in the day sounded almost amusing when he told it again, especially when Alex and Seth added humorous comments every few seconds, and by the end of the meal he felt at ease again.  Apparently they had planned this, because as soon as he was comfortable, they ambushed him.
“So,” Julie said, “this is unfair of us, but we think you need to reconsider with Jenny.”
“What?”  He nearly spit out his dessert.
“Come on,” Alex said.  “It’s pretty clear how you feel about her.”
“Seth, this is your doing,” he said. 
“No, they called me.  I told them your mind was made up, but they insisted I join them.”
“Shawn, what’s keeping you from asking her father to court her?” Julie asked.
“Well, let’s see.  I was caught kissing her; I ran away from him when they all saw the scars; and today he practically accused me of molesting little girls.  Say nothing of the fact that I don’t come from a stable Christian family and I have no hope of being a Christian head of her household.  Have I left anything out?”
“You love her.  You respect her and bring out the best in her,” Julie said.
“And she has feelings for you,” Alex said.
“And you’re on the same path,” Seth said.  “In more ways than one.”
“You don’t think he’d reject me on the spot?” Shawn asked. 
“Would we send you to a slaughter?” Seth asked.
“I don’t know, guys.  I know I really like her, but I don’t know, okay?  Can we just leave it at that for a while?”
“Sure,” Julie said.  “Just think about it.  I don’t know much about courtship, either.  But if the idea is to stay pure, I think you’re doing that.  You’ve been careful and treated the idea of courtship with respect.”
“I’ll think.  Now, you all eat your dessert and quit ganging up on me.”
They laughed and obediently finished eating.  Except for the little conversation about Shawn’s future, the evening had been relaxing.  It had been great, really.  But he was left with an uneasy feeling, wondering if his friends were right and he was wrong about his future.

Mom came in late, but Shawn was up waiting.  She laughed and fell into the recliner.
“Oh, Shawn, I haven’t had such fun in ages.  Emily is a hoot.”
Shawn had to laugh at his friends’ mom being called a hoot.
“It wasn’t what I expected.  It’s never what I expect.  Makes me wonder where I come up with these expectations.  Your friends are all great, and their parents are nice, too.  We may get together once a week for a while.”
“That’s great,” Shawn said sincerely.  “I had dinner with Alex tonight.  He’s a hoot, too.”
Mom laughed, relaxed and comfortable.  He thought it was great to see her like this.
“She never brought up God, but I did.  I had some questions, and she had some answers.  She carries a tiny Bible in her purse.  It’s cute.  And she knew where everything was.  We talked about forgiveness, like your pastor did last week.  She had a hard time forgiving her husband, too.  She was helpful.”
Mom stopped and looked at Shawn.
“You’re quiet.  Are you okay?”
“Fine.  I’m just listening.  I’m glad you had a good dinner.  I had a very strange day.”
“Care to tell me about it?”
“Maybe later, when I get it all sorted out in my head.  I spent my week with teenage girls.  It can be quite a trip.”
“I bet,” she said.  “They wear you out?”
“They sure do.  They’re great kids, but keeping up with all their dramas, and deflecting all their flirtations, can really be hard.”
“So, the girls like my boy?” she asked, ruffling his hair.
“You can’t imagine,” he said, chuckling.  “I’m glad you and Mrs. Schneider are getting along, but I’m bushed and have to turn in.  Tony went to bed just a few minutes ago.”
She smiled as he left, and he had a feeling in this part of his life things couldn’t be better.

It rained Friday, so Shawn and his girls stayed inside.  It meant he had no chance to see Jenny, which didn’t really bother him.  He’d see her tomorrow when the Porter group came.  Today he was preparing to say goodbye to his group, and it made him sadder than he’d expected.  He realized he’d never know how things worked out for them.  They’d grown comfortable sharing things with him, and he wanted to know what their futures would hold.  He wondered if this week would change them, if the work and the blisters and the teamwork would make them better Christians somehow.  He hoped so.  He wanted to make a difference for God.  In computers he had no idea how he’d do that, but here it seemed natural.  He knew Marty wanted him to continue here, and as they cleaned up brushes and said teary goodbyes, he actually found himself considering a future with Hope.  It surprised him.
The bus pulled in to take them back to the church to collect their belongings, and they all stood in the drizzle as the kids climbed aboard.  Shawn said goodbye to each of his girls, and when Becky approached, he grinned.
“Be the wisest,” he said.
“And you need to get together with Jenny Clearwater,” she said.  “After what you said about her, I think you’re in love.”
“You’re not the only one to say that,” he said, smiling.  She handed him a slip of paper.
“When you get married, send me an invitation,” she said, laughing.  “Or just write and tell me about things.”
“Thank you,” he said.  He wanted to hug her, but Mr. Johnson stood behind her, so he just told her goodbye and let her go.   Mr. Johnson then approached and held out his hand.  Shawn shook it cautiously.  He was having trouble liking this man, but he thought about something Ben had once said.  He would spend eternity with Mr. Johnson; he might as well learn to get along with him now.
“Shawn, I’m sorry.  I hope you understand that I had to take the girls seriously.”
“I understand.”
“Thank you.”
He got on the bus, and Shawn waved as it pulled away.  Mr. Clearwater then approached.
“Shawn, you did a good job this week.   I’m sorry you had to go through what you did.  In all my years I’ve never had that happen before.”
“It was scary.”
“Amen.  I had visions of lawsuits and living with the guilt of you taking a fall for something you didn’t do.”
“Did you ever doubt?” Shawn asked, curious.
“Of course not, son.  If I had any doubt of your character, I wouldn’t let you walk onto my site.”
“Thank you, sir.  Is Jenny still here?”
“No.  She and Julie went home to get dry.  It’s supposed to stop raining tomorrow, but the roof may still be slick.  Use your best judgment.  I have to be at Clearwater Homes tomorrow.  I’ve been thinking, Shawn.  This week you really showed a gift for this work.  You cared for the girls’ physical needs, keeping them safe, and you made a lovely deck, and you cared for their spiritual needs.  I would like to make you a Hope Homes employee for the rest of the summer.  I’ll get you the same salary, but you’ll just be out of the Hope treasury.  Because of the extra grant, we can swing another employee now.”
“I’m flattered,” Shawn said.  “I accept your offer, Mr. Clearwater.  I enjoyed this week.  It had its moments, mind you, but I liked being here.  I would like to stay for the summer.”
“Good.”
He looked like he wanted to say more, but he didn’t.  Instead, he walked into the misty rain and disappeared.  In this area of his life, Shawn still wasn’t sure where he was going.


Chapter 16

Saturday started out humid.  It wasn’t unusually warm, but by nine Shawn was ready to go home.  The air was so full of water he decided there was no room for oxygen, and it almost hurt to breathe.  His arms were tired from the painting, and his friends’ talk on Thursday still weighed on his mind.  The entire week had been draining, and he wished for a day off, a day to be alone with himself and his thoughts, a day to do nothing but read the Word and pray and let God soothe his troubled heart.
He’d also been wakened again by a nightmare, but in this one he was on trial for harming Becky, for killing his father, for many things he hadn’t done.  It left him feeling rattled, definitely not focused enough to be in charge of a construction site.  Fortunately, the high school group hadn’t shown up, and the Porter kids were so familiar with this work they could do it with very little help.
“So, do we have a plan?” Julie asked as she got out of Jenny’s car.  Jenny followed, smiling but looking a little uncertain.
“I’m not sure.  I want to get the deck done today, and we could mud the drywall in the house down the street.  Can either of you handle decking?”
“I’ll do it,” Julie said.  “I can take a good-sized group, too.”
“Good.  I want to roof.  I’ve been dying to get up there all week.”
“Is it dry enough?” Jenny asked.
“I don’t know.  I’ll check later, when the sun’s had a chance to dry things a little.  Even then, I’ll just take one or two surefooted people up there.”
“Sounds good,” Julie said, adjusting her headband as some hairs loosened and fell into her face.
The group split, and they worked in silence for thirty minutes.  It took concentration to work in such stifling conditions, and Shawn quickly decided it was inhumane to ask everyone to do this.
“Jenny,” he said, coming alongside her.  “It’s nasty in here.  Let’s go outside and spend some time cleaning sites.”
“Good idea.  We didn’t take enough time to do that last week.  Maybe we’ll have it done before the next group comes Monday.”
“Hey, everybody,” Shawn said, calling them together.  Mark, Seth, Steve, Violet, and Amanda came into the living room.  “Does anyone else think it’s unbearable in here?”
“Amen,” Seth said, and everyone else added their loud agreement.  Shawn had to laugh.
“Okay.  Let’s get back outside and clean up the sites.  We’ve got five houses going, and they’re a mess.  I’ve got bags in the truck for nails and general garbage, and wood scraps go in a pile behind each house.  We get some really young kids in here, and they don’t always pay attention to the ground.  Let’s keep things safe.”
Everyone spread out to do this, and soon Shawn and Seth walked down the street together with a bag toward one of the sites.
“I’m not enjoying this today,” Shawn admitted.  “Of course, I’ve had one day off all summer.  No, two.  I spent one in a cave and one on the couch with my leg on a pillow.”
“I wondered,” Seth said.  “You don’t seem yourself today.  You’ve had a rough week.”
“So have you.  You never said how it went with Violet.”
“I prayed about it.  For hours.  I looked up every verse in the Bible about confession and forgiveness.  I kept hoping it would say I could just confess it to God and be done with it.  But it says not even to make an offering to God until we’ve confessed and gotten our human relationships in order.  So, since God was making himself very clear, I went to see her.  She was great.  She accepted my apology.  She said she always knew we weren’t right, but she kept hoping she was wrong.  Just like I did.  We lied to each other a long time.”
“I think you learned something about yourself,” Shawn said, picking up some nails and tossing them in the bag.  “You understand areas where you fall into sin.  Like me and my temper.  When Mr. Johnson was accusing me of molesting Becky, my first desire was to flatten him.  But I remembered that verse that says I should do what I can to keep peace.  I even shook his hand at the end, and I wasn’t angry.  It was small, but it was a victory.  Unlike losing my temper with you and driving you to Springville.”
“Maybe we’re growing,” Seth said.  “I’d forgotten how hard real growth can be.”
“True.”
“I was worried when Jenny called Thursday and said you needed me.  I was afraid something had gone wrong with that knee of yours.  Of course, I suppose what did happen was almost worse.”
“Definitely worse.  I just stood there, and Mr. Johnson accused, and Mr. Clearwater watched, with those eagle eyes of his.  I was afraid Jenny and her dad would believe him.”
“But they didn’t.”
“No, of course not.  I felt bad for worrying.  On Monday I almost enjoyed the attention of eight girls.  Then I felt entirely smothered.  By Friday, though, they had decided to be my friends and not try to impress me.  It was nice.  I’ll miss them.  I never had sisters.”
“Well, if you ever need sister advice, you know where to go.”
Shawn laughed and held the bag while Seth tossed some junk into it.
“You know, Shawn, you really have a gift for this job.  Regardless of my feelings about you and Jenny.”
“Oh, I didn’t tell you.  Yesterday Mr. Clearwater offered me a job with Hope for the rest of the summer.”
“Did you take it?”
“Sure.  I’m always on loan here anyway.”
“But it means long hours with Miss Clearwater.”
“I know.  I talked to her.  I don’t know, Seth.  If I just knew more; if I’d become a Christian fifteen years ago like all of you…”
He shrugged, and Seth smiled.  They filled their bag, and then they started to move wood scraps.  Some were large and hard to move, and Seth pulled off his shirt when it was wet with sweat.  Julie soon called lunch, and the group united again over sandwiches.
“How’s the deck?” Jenny asked, sitting between Seth and Julie.
“Great,” Julie said.  “What’s with the weather today?  It can’t be over eighty degrees, but it just feels awful.  Like we’re swimming.”
“Yeah,” Shawn said.  “We couldn’t stay inside, because no air is moving.”
“Did you check the roof yet?” Jenny asked Shawn.  
“No.  After lunch.  Do you all still have work to do on the sites?”
“We haven’t even gotten to two of them, and we haven’t finished any we started,” Jenny said.  “You do the roof.  Take Tom and Seth.  We’ll stay plenty busy down here.”
Shawn nodded, and they ate in comfortable silence.  Alex pulled up just as they finished.
“Well, put me to work,” he said.  “I only had a short day today.”
“Hey,” Julie said, giving him a hug.  “Come work with me.  We need somebody like you on the deck site.”
She whisked him away, and Shawn laughed.  The rest of the group finished and split up, and Shawn looked at his team.  He was the only guy still wearing a shirt, and it was soaked and smelled so bad he could hardly stand himself.  He thought of Becky, for whom hiding wasn’t an option, and he slipped his shirt over his head.  There would be stares, but only for a time.  Maybe it was time to let his fears go.  He could help people like Becky; maybe at some point he would help others.
“Wait,” Jenny said.  “Shawn, come with me a minute.”
He followed her, unsure what she wanted.  They’d seemed comfortable enough today, so he figured it was something related to the work.  She led him to her car and took out a bag from the trunk.
“What is it?” he asked when she dug into the flowered bag.
“Sunscreen,” she said, smiling.  “Six years without sun—you’ll be baked in minutes.  Do the scars burn worse than undamaged skin?”
“I have no idea.  I’m sure they told me, but I had no intention of ever being in the sun again.”
“Turn around,” she said, and he obeyed, waiting for something bad to happen.  He tensed as she rubbed the cream on the skin, and she tickled his side.
“Relax,” she said, laughing.  “What do you think I’m going to do?”
“Nobody’s really ever touched it.”
“It feels strange.  Kind of neat.”
He had to laugh.  It electrified his skin to have her small hand on him, rubbing the cream in with such care.  But he stayed still until she finished, and he took the bottle and applied it to his chest himself.  She smiled, and then she hugged him.
“I’m glad you’re here, Shawn Carpenter.  I’ve been thinking about what you said.  Thanks for telling me.  I wish we could be friends like we were, but you have to be true to God’s leading in your life.  Thanks for worrying about my heart.”
He didn’t know what to say, and she laughed.
“Even with the sunscreen, I’d say you only have about thirty minutes before you’re toast, if you should have that skin out here at all.  I’ll round up a shirt for you.  One of the guys must have an extra wadded up in the back of his car.”
He laughed at her and went toward the roofing site.
Seth’s eyes grew large when he saw Shawn without his shirt, but then he laughed.  Everyone else tried not to stare while they stared, but it didn’t bother him as much as he had expected.
“So, let’s get on the roof,” Seth said.  “I love to roof.”
“We need to make sure it’s safe,” Shawn said.  “Hang on while I get the hatchets, okay?”
“Sure,” Seth said.  Shawn walked across the site to the toolbox and grabbed roofing hatchets for Seth and Tom; he carried his own at his waist.  When he got back, Seth had gone ahead, and for a minute Shawn was aggravated that he’d been ignored, but he let it go and mounted the ladder, stopping at the top.
“How is it?” he asked.
“Not too bad,” Seth said.  Shawn climbed off the ladder and looked around.  He wasn’t sure about Seth’s assessment.  It still looked pretty wet.  
He was brought back to attention by Seth’s yelp of fear.  His tall friend’s feet went out from under him, and he hit on his side with a groan.  He reached across his body and held his shoulder, his face twisted in pain.
“Seth,” Shawn said.  Any more words died in his throat as Seth slid toward him.  He leaned down, hoping to catch him before he went off the roof, but his knee tore as he jumped in front of him, and Seth’s body slammed into him.  Seth managed to stop, but Shawn couldn’t regain balance, his knee throbbing.  He fell backward, whirling his arms to right himself, but he suddenly didn’t know which way was up.  He dropped toward the ground, hearing a yell of fear, not sure if it came from him or Seth, and then he hit.  
For a moment everything went black.  His lungs screamed for air, and he choked and gasped to fill them.  He tried to sit, but his body didn’t seem to be paying attention.
“No, no, just lay back,” Seth said, suddenly at his side.  Seth looked at him and then looked up. 
“Tom, call an ambulance.  Mark, get Jenny and Julie.  Violet, round up a blanket. Come on, everyone, don’t just stand there.”
Seth quit yelling and looked down at Shawn again, his eyes full of tears.  He gripped Shawn’s arm.
“What hurts?”
“I don’t know,” Shawn said.  His voice sounded small to him.  Everything beyond Seth was fuzzy.  “My head hurts.  Nothing else really feels anything.”
“It will be okay.  Just relax, okay?”
“He’s bleeding,” Alex’s voice said from somewhere above.
“Where?” Seth asked, a panicked edge in his voice.
“His hip.”
Seth moved away, mumbling and shifting Shawn a bit.
“A nail,” he said.  “We were supposed to have cleaned up this site.  Who was so careless to leave this here?”
“Seth,” Shawn said quietly, “this was our site.”
Seth threw the nail away and leaned close to Shawn again.  “How are you doing?”
“I think I tore my knee.”
“Well, from the amount of swelling going on, I think I’d agree with that.  Does it hurt?”
“Yes,” Shawn said.  “Not so bad, though.”
“Shawn, I’m sorry.  I shouldn’t have been up there.  I knocked you down and—“
“Hey, hey,” Jenny’s voice said.  She appeared beside Seth, wrapping one arm around him and holding Shawn’s hand with the other.  Smiling, she brushed a hand through Shawn’s hair.
“What happened?” she asked Shawn.
“I guess I gave up the flashlight,” he said quietly.  She smiled a broad smile.
“Help is coming.  Does it hurt?”
“Not much.  That’s bad, isn’t it?” he asked.  He thought he should be scared, but he didn’t feel anything.
“Remember what you told Becky?  About what made me beautiful?” Jenny asked, now stroking Shawn’s face.  “The same goes for you, Shawn Carpenter.”
Shawn smiled, but he saw the looks on his friend’s faces.  Seth, especially, looked almost green with fear.  Closing his eyes, he took a deep breath.  It hurt.
“Shawn,” Seth said.  “Come on, buddy, stay with us here.”
“I’m here,” Shawn said.  “Seth, don’t worry.”
“I’m supposed to be telling you that.”
“You need to pray,” Shawn said.  “You always find the right words when you talk to God.”
“Right.  We’ll do it now.”
Seth took a deep breath and started to speak.  Shawn closed his eyes and listened to his friend’s rich voice, knowing he wasn’t alone.  His friends were here, gifts from the Father, and now they were lifting him to the courts of heaven itself with their prayers. He was touched and even a little embarrassed to be at the center of this much concern.
“Dear Lord,” Seth said, his voice trembling, “we want Shawn to be okay.  We want your will to be done, but the desire of our hearts is that he will recover entirely from this fall.  Calm us as we wait.  Jenny and I are more scared than he is, I think.  Send the ambulance quickly, and let the medics and doctors do everything right to make his healing go quickly and smoothly.  It’s clear you gave him a special calling to do what he’s doing this summer.  Please let him be back here quickly.  This is my best friend, God.  Please let him be okay.”
Shawn squeezed Seth’s hand as he stopped, clearly having trouble controlling his emotions.  Jenny let go of Shawn and held Seth a long while.  When she turned back, she leaned down and kissed Shawn’s forehead.  He heard a siren in the background, and as it neared she stayed close to him, her hand in his; her touch was comforting and welcome.
“Seth and I will get your mom,” she said.  “We’ll be at the hospital.  It will be okay.  They’re here now to help you.”
He nodded a bit, but it hurt his head.  The fuzziness around him had been darkening for the last few seconds, and he closed his eyes when his friends moved away, replaced by paramedics.  He let himself relax and drift into a quiet place while they worked.


Chapter 17

“Shawn? Shawn, can you hear me?”
“Hmm,” he said, opening his eyes.  He glanced around a moment before remembering what had happened.  He lay flat on his back, and for a moment he panicked, but then he moved his feet, glad to feel pain from his knee as he did.
“Honey?” Mom asked.
“I’m awake,” he said.  “Am I okay?”
“You’re great, especially considering you hit on your spine.  The real damage was a concussion, the knee, and a couple puncture wounds from nails.”
He nodded, looking at her.  Tony sat beside her.
“How do you feel?” his brother asked.
“Drugged.”
“The knee is a mess,” Mom said.  “They gave you a painkiller.  You’ll need surgery on your knee.”
“I can feel it a little,” he said.  “I hurt it before, didn’t I?”
“When you went into the hospital after the fire, it was swollen.  They didn’t worry about it too much; they had other things to worry about.  It was fine when you came home.”
“Are you doing okay?” he asked his mother.
“I wasn’t, but then they said you’d be okay.”
He glanced around the room.  Since arriving, he’d drifted in and out of sleep, so he had no idea how long he’d been here, but several vases of flowers decorated the room.
“When I got here I was angry at your God,” Mom admitted.  “This is the second time I’ve sat in a hospital waiting to hear if you’ll be okay.  But your friends are out there, and they aren’t angry at all.  I want to be like that.”
He reached out and took her hand.  She squeezed it, and they sat that way a long time.
The door opened, and a nurse and doctor entered.  They poked and prodded and said a few things, but he paid very little attention.  He wanted to see Seth and Jenny.  He wanted them to know he was okay.
“Very good, Mr. Carpenter,” the doctor finally said.  “We’ll have you out of here in no time.  You were lucky.  I’ve let your friends out there know you’re okay, and you can have some visitors.  Just listen to your body when it tells you you’ve had enough.”
“I’ll send some in,” his mom said.  They all left, and Shawn shook his head a bit, trying to clear it, but the shaking hurt.  When the door opened, Seth and Jenny entered.  They cautiously approached and sat down, Seth in the chair and Jenny on the bed with him.
“I hear you were lucky,” Seth said.  “Alex is out there right now correcting the nurses who told us that.  He wants to make sure they know Who was protecting you.”
Shawn smiled.  Jenny again stroked his face and his hair.  He wanted to ask her to stop, thinking it wasn’t right, but he needed the reassurance of her touch.  Seth leaned in and shook his head a bit.
“I’m glad you’re okay,” he said.  “I was afraid for you.  I knew God would work it out, but it doesn’t always work the way we expect.  Next time you say to wait for you, I’m waiting.”
Shawn laughed.  “Good.  These object lessons can be brutal.  Thanks, guys, for taking care of things.  I was supposed to be the one in charge in case of an emergency.  I wasn’t supposed to be the emergency.”
“They say you’ll be back on site in a couple weeks,” Jenny said.  “You won’t be doing much for a while, but you can be there to help me.”
“Good,” he said.   “I won’t act like I have been.”
“It’s okay,” she said.  “When you finally drifted off, I was really scared.  You haven’t been with us long, but we’d be lost without you now.”
“You guys sound like you’re practicing for my funeral,” Shawn said.  “I thought I was okay.”
“You are.  But, while you slept, we had time to get sentimental,” Seth said.   “Don’t put us through this again, okay?”
“Hey, when you worried me you were gone for days,” Shawn said, chuckling.  “We’re even.”
Seth smiled.  He looked at Jenny, who nodded and excused herself.  Shawn frowned as she left.
“My friend, I am hopelessly in love with that woman,” Shawn said sadly.
“Well, I’m glad you finally accepted that.  Mr. Clearwater is out there.  I think he has some things to say to you about that.”
“Am I in trouble?”
“No.  You scared us to death, my friend.  Would we bring you trouble the minute you woke up?”
“I suppose not.”
“Shawn, I’m really sorry.”
“I think you said that.”
“I know.  I just want to make sure you know that.  I think about what I did, and I see you falling, and I just….  It makes me feel sick to my stomach to know I let this happen, that I caused this to happen.”
“You can go make an offering to God if you want, because we’re fine.  About all of it.”
Seth nodded, looking unconvinced, and the door opened.  Jenny poked her head in again.  “Seth, Alex is asking for you out there.”
“I’ll be back,” Seth said.  “Well, Carpenter, you sure keep life from getting dull.”
“We all need our purpose,” Shawn said.  Seth patted Shawn’s shoulder and looked into his eyes a moment.  Shawn smiled at his concern and his relief.  Jenny stayed, watching him go.
“He’s been a wreck.  It isn’t that he doesn’t have faith, but he has more protective genes in his body than a gaggle of grandmothers.”
Shawn laughed.  “A gaggle, huh?  And how many would that be exactly?  I know it kills him that he’s the one who pushed me off the roof.”
“Boy, does it.  There’s a lot more to Seth Roberts than a person first sees,” Jenny said.
“I think that’s a safe statement to make about all of us,” Shawn said.
“True.”  She smiled a huge grin and got up.  “About a million people want to come in here to see you, so I’ll go.  I’ll be back.”
He nodded, surprised when her dad was the next one to enter.
“Mr. Carpenter, you broke a four-year record of safety,” he said, sitting in the chair beside him.
“Yes, sir.  I’m sorry about that.  So much for using good judgment on the roof.”
Mr. Clearwater laughed.  “You kids take me much too seriously.  I’m glad you’re okay.  You had us all worried.”
“From the sound of it, I scared everyone out there more than I scared myself.”
“Probably true.  Shawn, Seth and Julie each had long talks with me today.  Seems there’s a conspiracy going on concerning my daughter’s heart.  Seth told me point blank that I should be considering you as a son-in-law.  He said anyone could see it was right, and if it broke some courtship rules then the rules were wrong.  Seth never speaks to me this way, so I know he meant his words.  Then Julie told me I should drop the courtship idea because it was unfair to people like you, people whose families didn’t have Christianity back several generations.  Somehow, Mr. Carpenter, I think the problem isn’t courtship.  I think the problem is you.”
Shawn squirmed, unsure where this was going.
“You are a noble young man.  You have always been respectful of my family’s ideals, and you have proven to be a strong Christian man.  I have seen that you care for Jenny, and I hoped at some point you would come to me and ask for her hand.  But you can’t do that, can you?  You know you don’t live up to the standard we set.”
“Yes, sir,” Shawn said, now more uneasy than before.
“Shawn, I am sorry you have no father to guide you.  And yet, the Heavenly Father has claimed you.  I’m not saying this right, but I would like for you to consider courtship with my daughter.  I think the reasons you have for not asking me this are unwarranted.  I would like to take time to disciple you, but that’s just to make sure you are prepared for the task of husband.”
For a moment Shawn said nothing, the words taking him completely by surprise.  Then he rewound them in his head to make sure Mr. Clearwater had actually said what he thought he’d said, and then he grinned.
“I think I would like that very much,” he said.  Maybe he should have fallen off a house a month ago.  “But, Mr. Clearwater, I need to be honest with you.  I’m in love with your daughter.  Like Jacob was in love with Rachel for seven years before he could marry her.”
“I think I’ve known that for a while now,” Mr. Clearwater said.  “And I suppose you’re glad I have no older daughters.”
Shawn smiled, wondering why he hadn’t had this conversation with Mr. Clearwater long ago.  But maybe he needed to learn some things before he got here. The thought was the most incredible he’d ever had, and as Mr. Clearwater left and the sun shone through the hospital window, he glimpsed, just for a second, the home to which he was going, and he couldn’t wait to share the glimpse with Seth and Jenny.
“Mr. Clearwater,” he said as the man left.
“Yes, Mr. Carpenter?”
“Can you send Jenny and Seth back in here soon?  I think I like being surrounded by Christian friends.”
Mr. Clearwater smiled and left, and Shawn sighed his relief.  Things were going to be okay.

 “Careful,” Seth said as Shawn pulled out of his car. Seth ran around and got the crutches out of the back seat.
“A gaggle of grandmothers,” Shawn mumbled, grinning.
“What was that?” Seth asked suspiciously.  
“Nothing.  If you decide not to go into missions, you’d be a great nurse,” Shawn said.
He leaned on the crutches and looked at the site.  They’d come in from the back, and everyone was on the other side, between the working sites.  He wasn’t good on the crutches, but he managed, and it wasn’t too far to the work site.  He just hoped he wouldn’t need these for long.
Two weeks had passed since the surgery, but it seemed like eons.  He’d completely missed three groups who’d come to Hope.  Jenny had told him about them, though.  She’d been at the hospital almost daily, along with Seth, and he was enjoying being her friend again.  They talked like they always had, about the mysteries of God, and about relationships and people and anything else on any of their minds.  It was like they’d been seared together in a fire, all three of them, and it was clear they would not come apart again.  Not like they had before.
“Does it hurt?” Seth asked as Shawn paused.  He put out his arm to steady his friend.
“No.   Not much.  It’s healing fast.  This terrain just isn’t easy on crutches.”
“You’ve been complaining about those for days now,” Seth said.  
“I know.  I want to be rid of them.  I want to get back on a roof.  Everything looks better from a roof.  Especially a sunrise.”
“I’m glad you’re not afraid of heights after the fall.”
“No, only wet roofs with really tall guys on them.”  Shawn laughed.  Seth scowled and then grinned.
It took him a while, but soon he got to the far side of the house.  Suddenly the Porter group descended on him, clapping and cheering.  Jenny, Marty, and Julie stood in front of them, holding a cake.
“Welcome back, Shawn Carpenter,” Julie said.  “It isn’t the same out here without you.”
“Thanks,” Shawn said, his cheeks warming.  He’d expected none of this.  He looked back at Seth, who smiled knowingly.  “You’re good.”
“Hey, I’m better at secrets than roofs,” Seth said.
“Let’s eat,” Jenny said.  “We sort of lied.  We’re not doing any work today.  We’re just going to party.”
“Oh, come on.  Let’s at least slap some paint on something.  Just prop me against a wall and put a brush in my hand.”
“Maybe next weekend,” Jenny said.  She had a lawn chair with her, and she and Julie got him settled while everyone else passed cake and soda around. He took Jenny’s hand when she got close and pulled her down so he could whisper in her ear.
“Thank you,” he said.
“My pleasure,” she said.  “Daddy apologizes for missing this.”
Shawn nodded.  He and Mr. Clearwater had already had two Bible studies together, and the more time he spent with the man, the more he liked him.   He was going to be a great father-in-law.
“What did your mom say about coming to dinner tomorrow after church?” Jenny asked.
“She’s nervous, but she’ll be there.  She can’t believe we’re talking about getting married.  She gives her blessing, though.”
“You know, when you gave me a check a few months ago for a Spring Retreat, I never guessed we’d be here now.”
Shawn looked at the group laughing and eating around him.  Seth and Julie laughed about something at his feet, and Jenny sat on the arm of the lawn chair, and Shawn couldn’t seem to stop smiling.
He had a feeling he would no longer be plagued with nightmares when he slept.  Life was not easy; God had never promised that, and it would never be truth.  Working his knee back into shape would be a slow process.  He didn’t know how to afford next semester if he missed the rest of the summer.  He didn’t know if he even wanted to go back, or if his place was Hope Homes on a construction site.  But he did know God was looking out for him.  The lessons didn’t come easy, but they came, and they would continue to come; the Creator of the universe and his Son would not stop dealing with him until he was exactly who and what they wanted him to be.  A chill went down his spine, and Jenny smiled knowingly.
“Glimpse of Heaven,” she said, and he nodded.
“Imagine.  Someday we’ll have a homecoming party with angels.”
She grinned, and in her eyes he felt he could see an angel itself.
The End


Boys of Summer Series
Available individually or now in two money-saving bundles

Boys of Summer Bundle One, volumes 1-4 (Courting the Clearwaters is included but still free)
Boys of Summer Bundle Two, volumes 5-8

Courting the Clearwaters
Yucatan Cowboy
Cross Country
Measuring Up
All I Want for Christmas
Wayfarer Beach
Salvaging Stephen
Waylaid
Knowing Jake—winter 2014

Girls Aglow Series
A companion to Boys of Summer
Sugar Rush
Drifting Home—fall 2014
Low Visibility—winter 2014

Tales of Balia
Christian romance/fantasy
Desert Rains
Moonset Child
Spindrift
Gypsy Heart
Dusk Lane—fall 2014



Find me on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/jillpenrodnovels or at my website http://jillpenrod.com/. Sign up for my newsletter about new releases or leave comments!



Check out the following excerpt from
 Yucatan Cowboy,
 Book Two in the Boys of Summer series


Matt had never heard of a cenote, so when Lisa had told them they would spend part of their long weekend swimming in one, he hadn’t been impressed.  Dana had rolled her eyes at him and assured him it would be beautiful, and now, as they walked down the metal steps to the underground pool, he realized just how right she’d been.
The cave was huge, the water lit in shades of blue and green, the reddish stone bathed in light as well until it looked like a wonderland, something completely unearthly.
“Wow,” Tom said behind him, and Matt turned to him and chuckled, thinking exactly the same thing.
Apparently the Yucatan peninsula was filled with caves, enough that no rivers ran aboveground here.  Curt had delighted in giving them a speech about the geology of the area, which Matt had enjoyed more than he expected.  As a mountain climber, he knew a lot about stone formations above the ground, and now he realized stone belowground was just as grand and beautiful.
The group followed Lisa to a narrow ledge around the water where they all dropped their towels and shorts, sliding into the warm water and swimming into the deep pool.
“It’s like we’re swimming in a fairy land,” Dana said, slowly spinning in the water and looking above them.  “I’d like to have one of these.”
“Your own cenote?” Tom asked, laughing at her.
“Yes,” she said.  “My own cenote.”
“The Mayans thought of these as sacred places,” Lisa said as she and Seth swam toward them.  Curt and Olivia had gone the other direction, swimming into a shadow on the far side of the wide pool.  A few other people swam around them, including a family with four little ones.  Two of the families were natives of the area, and the rest were clearly tourists.  
“Can you imagine coming down here before they had lights?” Seth asked.  “It would be super creepy.  No wonder they thought these things were a little supernatural.”
They swam out to the center of the pool, looking around as they did, and Matt dunked under, appreciating the fresh water.  He’d actually gotten a little tired of salt water recently.
“I love it here,” Dana said quietly.  The pool echoed strangely, and shadows and light played around the stone walls and ceiling, mystical and beautiful.  Matt had to grin at all the poetry the place brought to mind.
Tom swam away from them, and Dana slowly swam in another direction, all of them fairly lost in their own thoughts as they explored.
Matt had let the previous day fall away, but now that he swam here alone, he brought the humiliation out again and dwelled on it a bit, reliving his fear of climbing down a Mayan pyramid where once he’d been able to climb down a mountain.  This time, he tried to see it in a different light.  No, he hadn’t been comfortable on the stairs, but he’d gotten down.  With no falls, and without hurting anyone else, he’d managed to face the fear and get to the ground.  Surely if he could do it once like that, he could learn to do it again, maybe even enough to climb again.
And it hit him, then, his desire to climb again.  He said he wasn’t interested.  He looked at the mountain tattoo on his arm and felt angry not because he was finished climbing but because he was still hoping to do it again.  Yesterday he’d taken a tiny, painful, and rather humiliating step in that direction, and that was cause for celebration, not shame.
Across the pool a mother started calling for her child, and Matt turned toward her.  She spoke a language Matt didn’t know, maybe German, and her voice grew more frantic as she called and received no reply.
“I saw him a few minutes ago,” Dana said, swimming closer.  “Their little boy was at the edge, climbing on the rocks over there.”
She pointed, and Matt shuddered at the wall of rock.  His reaction startled him, especially in light of his positive thoughts from moments ago, and he found himself stroking back away from the wall.
“Matt,” Dana said, gripping his arm.  “You okay?”
He shook his head tightly.  “I hope he didn’t climb up there.”
“You used to help your dad,” Tom said, then, appearing at Matt’s other side.  “Ideas about where kids go when they hide from their parents?”
“Ah, not really,” Matt said, wondering why Tom was asking him.  This wasn’t a mountain rescue; this was a missing child.
By now the mother had climbed out, her calls nearly hysterical.  Seth and Lisa swam toward her, and they tried to ask her about her son, but they didn’t speak her language.  Curt and Olivia followed, gesturing a few things, and the woman pointed toward the far wall, apparently trying to tell them they had last seen the boy there.  Matt hadn’t paid much attention, but he thought he’d seen the boy, who was maybe eight or nine years old.  He swam toward the wall after Tom and Dana.
“That way,” Tom said, pointing to Dana.  “I’ll look this way.  Matt, you look in the water.”
Tom climbed onto the ledge and disappeared onto a higher ledge, and Dana walked the other way, peering back into areas Matt couldn’t see from the water.  Matt himself looked toward the pool floor, although in most spots it was so deep he couldn’t see the bottom.  As he swam over the deep areas he felt sick, imagining the little boy down there, imagining all the horrible things that could happen to a child down here.
Suddenly he swam toward the exit, needing to get out.  They wouldn’t find the boy.  Surely he’d drowned, and the parents would grieve, and there were no happy endings to that story.  Families struggled and fell apart, and that was just part of life.
“Matt?” Seth asked as Matt swam past him toward the exit, where Matt climbed out and walked toward the steps.  Daylight, he thought.  It would all be better if he could just see the daylight.  Then he could breathe again.
Matt stopped, feeling sicker, and Seth stood at his side.
“Sit,” Seth said quietly, gripping Matt’s arm and helping him to the ground.  “Matt, it’s okay.  Breathe, okay?”
“What if they don’t find him?” Matt asked, whispering the words.
“Here,” Curt suddenly called, and he swam from a distant corner toward the center of the pool, a little boy in his arms.  The mother squealed, and the little boy called to her in his language, and Matt took a deep breath.  The boy was okay.  Everything was okay.  Sometimes God let things work out well, with no loss or death.
Matt watched the reunion as Curt turned the child over to his mother.  The poor child didn’t seem to realize the trouble he’d caused, and he pulled away from his mother’s smothering hugs and kisses.  The father shook Curt’s hand, and the rest of the people in the pool quickly returned to their swimming.  Tom and Dana jumped back into the water and swam toward Matt, who simply wanted to disappear into the depths himself, so ashamed of himself he couldn’t even speak.
“Curt said he was hiding,” Tom said as he climbed out.  He glanced into Matt’s face without hesitation.  “You okay, man?”
“I don’t know,” Matt said.
“I’m so glad he’s okay,” Dana said.  She looked at Seth and Matt and then shook her hair a bit.  “It’s freezing out here.  I’m getting back in.  Matt?”
He paused, unsure what to do now.  “Ah, I don’t know.”
“We haven’t been here long enough to get out,” Tom said.  “Come on, Tucker.  Let’s go dunk your aunt.”
Matt watched the pair return to the water, and he turned to Seth, who smiled at him.
“Go on.”
“I almost ran away,” Matt said, feeling miserable.
“Remember my friend Shawn, the one who runs from fire?  It’s okay, Matt.  Nobody blames him or thinks less of him. Tom and Dana don’t realize what happened here, and I understand.  Now, go have fun.”
Matt thought he was wrong, and both the others knew exactly what he’d been doing, but he also realized they weren’t holding it against him.  They knew he had some issues, and they were okay with that.  The thought was humbling and encouraging.  His own mother wasn’t like that, deciding Dad’s new issues gave her the right to walk away.  But Tom and Dana were willing to let Matt’s issues go, and the gesture almost made him cry.
~~~~~~~




