A Damned Nation©
Book One

Cian Griffin
A Damned Nation ~ Book One

© 2013, Cian Griffin
Self publishing
MadeInWicklow@hotmail.com

ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. This book contains material protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. Any unauthorized reprint or use of this material is prohibited. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without express written permission from the author / publisher. 

Chapter One
I slowly creak open the wooden door and we move inside, getting off the streets. It was once blue but the paint has begun to peel off in parts due to age and a lack of attention. There are also splashes of drying blood, only too fresh.
 I move silently along the small corridor, the floor is layered with dust that has accumulated over a few months. There are small, faint tracks imprinted into the dust layer, maybe a few days old. The walls are similar to the entrance, in that that there are splatters of blood covering them.
I grip my baseball bat tighter in my hands, the people behind me are silent. The sound of our heavy breathing and the torrents of rain lashing from the heavens outside are the only audible noises – along with my heart hammering through my chest and my brain screaming at me to turn back. Part of me wants to turn back; will it really be worth the feelings of pain and regret just for the sake of seeing something familiar?
The next door has a stained glass frame, but it is too dirty to see through. I attempt to wipe the window clean with the fabric of my jacket at my wrist, and although my jacket is dirtied a black colour, the window remains as it was. 
I place my hand on the door knob, and only now, as I see my hand in front of me, do realise just how much I am shaking. I am not sure why I am so nervous, as I have done this plenty of times before, maybe it’s just because this location is a place of significance to me and I am afraid what I might find.
As the door swings gently inwards, I peer inside; thankfully I see nothing notably dangerous, however we remain on guard – things could change in an instant, which some people have learned the hard way. I signal that it’s – relatively – OK to my companions and we move inside. 
I feel a little less safe than the others with me; they are all of bigger build and one has a handgun strapped to his belt, meaning he can defend himself from longer distances. Because of my baseball bat, I am forced to fight close ranged to my enemies, giving them more opportunities to get close to me. The only reason I am leading, is because they felt I should lead this expedition as I am familiar with the building.
Even though three months have passed, and the sight I am witnessing is expected, I still feel shocked at what I am seeing. The pub in front of me, the one my family owned before this all started looks like a site recently destroyed by a bomb. The pub stools that once stood neatly in a line along the bar’s counter are now strewn on the floor, some of their legs are broken off and some seats are torn open, the soft fabric inside tossed carelessly about the place. 
Above me, the skylight that once allowed light into the pub is slightly cracked, and is now allowing water to seep through it and fall onto the dusty tiled floor. There is a large puddle on the floor that has probably accumulated over a few days.
 The beer dispensers, lined up along the counter top, with their logos facing the customer, are all turned off – the power long gone. As we continue through the large room, I notice that some tables still have glasses on them with a mouthful or two of liquid, although I wouldn’t risk even touching them. There are also plates of half eaten food, now rotting where they lie. 

Behind the counter, are rows of glasses – that were once arranged neatly – although a lot have fallen or have been knocked off and lie in pieces on the floor. As we move along the pub, the glass crunches loudly underfoot.
 I see a newspaper, dated June tenth 2013, three months ago, back when this all began. The front page story is of the Japanese terrorist group that let off the biological bomb in the cities of London, New York and Paris in the space of two countries, not only killing hundreds on sight, but also beginning the spread of infection.
Within two weeks, half of the respective countries were infected, and the number was only too rapidly increasing. As people desperately attempted to escape the countries on ships and planes, in the hope of finding shelter in ‘non-infected’ countries, they only helped the disease spread even quicker.
They brought the infection with them and within another fortnight, the disease had begun to plague other cities in the U.S, Italy, Ireland and Africa – sweeping through the huge continent like wildfire. People were forced to fight or hide, survival their main and only priority.
There were a number of theories of why they did it, this particular paper insists the Japanese rebels wanted revenge for the Hiroshima and Nagasaki nuclear bombs from the Second World War. Which, in my opinion seems the most realistic – well, among some of the other crazy ideas I’ve heard since the beginning.
On the front page of the faded newspaper, is a large picture of the city of London – the worst of the cities targeted. It is a top view, looking down on the part of the city that was bombed. One of the iconic red double-decker buses lies on its side in a flaming wreck. There are a few other vehicles scattered around too, crashed into shop fronts or each other. The place is deserted apart from people from the emergency services who are trying to clear the road – to no avail – and from bodies that had not yet reanimated.
In the earlier days of the infection, it took some time for the dead to come back. I suppose the toxin hadn’t taken full effect – as it has now. 
 ‘’ Put that down Mark, you’ll only depress yourself.’’ Orders Bruno - one of the men that have joined me and a few other survivors on today’s scavenge.
‘’ It’s amazing how long it takes for a country to build itself; jobs, laws, currency, education and health systems...all gone in a few weeks.’’ I say gloomily and toss the paper back onto the counter where it will probably sit forever more. ‘’ Quite sickening really.’’
We move behind the counter, the beer dispensers are lined neatly along it, people obviously raided this place for alcohol near the beginning, because the fridges beside me are all empty, only a few bottles of diluted drinks remain. It’s infuriating to think that people would do this to a place I was so familiar with, to a place my father owned. 
 I pull down one of the beer dispensers, just out of curiosity; it makes a gurgling noise, spits out a few drops of stale alcohol and splutters to a noisy halt.
We continue along the bar, there is a shelf in the centre of the back wall, between two large mirrors; on it are a few bars of chocolate, some small trophies – that had accumulated over a number of years from various town events – some knick knacks and a telephone. 
I pick up the phone and hold it to my ear, nothing – as usual. Behind the phone are some cigarette lighters that used to be for sale here to the many smokers that walked through the doors daily. I pick up the entire tray and pour them into my pack. There is also a sink under the counter behind me, only visible when standing where the barman would stand and I test the taps. 
Like the beer dispensers before it, it too makes a loud gurgling noise, almost as if it is in pain, coughs out a splash of water and then stops completely.

‘’ Greg, you come with me please. Jane and Bruno, you two stay guard out here, just in case.’’ I say, and I lead Greg into a small back corridor that leads to the kitchen.
 I don’t really feel comfortable giving the orders to these people; it’s normally the other way around. However, they asked me to take charge for today, and I respect their wishes and their trust in me.
The cash register has been ripped from the wall and bashed open on the floor, some loose pennies are scattered about but anything worth taking at the time of the raids is now gone. 
Nowadays there is no use for anything like that, money, credit cards, cheques; all useless in today’s new world. We have changed so much; bartering is the new and only ways to trade, we now live simple lives – well, relatively simple if you ignore the plagues of the undead that now share the earth with us. It is like humanity reached the end of the time line, and as opposed to dying out, those left seem to be heading back the way they came from – gradually devolving.
 Money is actually one of the most worthless objects in existence now, even though just over three months ago, it meant everything to some people. I step over the cash register and continue moving towards the kitchen, stepping into a small hallway behind the bar and moving along it – disappearing from the view of the others with Greg.
The shelves to my left are covered with cups and glasses, once used for the variety of coffees you could purchase here; lattes, mochas or cappuccinos. What I’d give for something as simple as a cup of tea right now.
 Something I’ve noticed since this began is that it’s the simple things in life that you can miss the most at times; clean water, electricity, the internet, a proper bed, all things that were taken for granted by people like me before this all happened. The most shocking thing though, is that even before this kicked off there were people living without those luxuries all over the world. 
 We come to a small cupboard just beside the door to the kitchen and I smile. It doesn’t show any signs of forced entry, and it is locked, so the main safe was never robbed. For some reason that thought comforts me slightly. The lowlifes that broke in here didn’t really take the crown jewels; they had to settle for a few notes in the cash register. 
I slowly open the dirty metal door of the kitchen, not sure of what to expect. Long before the infection started to spread, the pub stopped serving food because it wasn’t making enough money. So I am not exactly sure what’s the point of searching in here aside from gaining some old kitchen supplies and ingredients my family stored in the fridge because of the space it offered. All it can really do is force old memories to the surface of my mind. However, even with these thoughts flooding my mind, I step inside.
As I creak open the door, I immediately gag as the pungent odour of rotting food infiltrates my nostrils. I lift my jumper upwards to cover my mouth and nose and step into the kitchen. I only breathe through my mouth to stop myself from vomiting all over the floor. Aside from the smell, the kitchen is a lot cleaner that I thought it’d be, it is still a bit messy, but that’s how it had been before the infection began.
I open the drawers, pulling out large kitchen knives and shoving them into my bag, handing some to Greg to do the same. I move along the counter, and find some paper plates and plastic cutlery, this would be easier to use as opposed to the normal stuff, because they require having to waste water washing them afterwards when we can just dispose of these when we are done.
I don’t chance opening the fridge, knowing the food will be long out of date and knowing the smell will probably make me heave up the contents of my empty stomach, so I turn and walk from the kitchen, Greg follows. As we shut the kitchen door behind us, there is a loud crash of glass and the sound of something thud to the ground. Then I hear Jane curse loudly.
‘’ Shit.’’ I mutter quickly and we sprint back through the small corridor towards the noise in the main room.
When we reach the main part of the pub, where we left the other two, I notice that the noise came from the shattering of the skylight and the thud was one of the infected jumping in to join us for a drink. Jane is standing glaring at the infected man before her, as is Bruno, and both have baseball bats in hand like me. Greg has a gun strapped to his belt, but the noise of it would draw much more of the infected to us, and for the sake of just one kill, it’s really not worth it. He too, takes out his bat.
 Bruno runs eagerly forwards with his crowbar in hand, a snarl on his face. He first smashes the walker in front of him in the stomach, causing it to keel over. He then mercilessly and viciously throttles the moaning creature with the bat, continuously bashing the creature’s skull, splattering blood all over the tiled floor. I wince with each hit that is just a little bit too vicious.
He mutters profanities as he lays into the walker, with each fatal and powerful blow he mutters a word, just as fierce as his fighting techniques. The creature slumps still on the floor after what seems like an eternity and Bruno kicks it hard in the skull with his heavy boot. 
‘’ Bastard.’’ He mutters, kicking it again.
‘’ Bruno, that’s enough.’’ Says Jane, sounding scared of the man. ‘’ Please.’’
‘’ You don’t tell me what to do. I’m a free man and you’re just a woman. ‘’He mutters angrily back.
Jane remains silent.
Bruno then turns to myself and Greg and his tone changes completely, from his harsh tone to a kinder-sounding one. ’’ Any tissue to clean off this blood?’’
‘’ Check the bathrooms.’’ Suggests  Greg, although I can tell this is more of a technique to get the sexist and violent man away from us for at least a few minutes.
‘’ Mark. You come too. Just in case.’’ He orders, I reluctantly follow.
Bruno instructs for me to lead, I sigh and move in front of him. I push the door of the bathroom open. To my surprise, it doesn’t smell that bad at all, it’s the same as it always did, the faint smell of urine drowned out by tons of air freshener. Although the odour of the air freshener is a lot weaker than I remembered it. 
‘’ You should lay off Jane. She’s just worried about you.’’ I explain.
‘’ Hey, do I look like I need relationship advice from a child? No. So don’t voice an unwanted opinion.’’ He snaps, his voice returning to the harsh and angry tone from a few minutes ago.
 I don’t bother responding.
I cautiously walk towards the cubicles at the other end of the bar, and begin to creak them open one by one. The first is empty, the toilet seat has been ripped off and there is no toilet paper left. Why someone would steal a cheap public toilet seat, I don’t know, but the world is seriously screwed up at the moment, so I shrug my shoulders and move on.
As I move into the next cubicle, Bruno stands watching me. I muster up a few brave – or stupid – insults in my head to occupy myself, however I keep my mouth shut.
I’m glad to obtain two rolls of toilet paper from the second and third cubicles, I toss them both to Bruno, who cleans off his crowbar and then brings them out to Greg, still in the main part of the pub.
 I move on to the fourth – eager to find more toilet paper to bring back to the bank – and push it open, nothing. The toilet paper covering has been ripped off the wall and tossed onto the floor; the toilet is obviously blocked because the water has risen up to seat level, again I fight a gag at the site of a large piece of excrement floating on the surface. I exit the cubicle and move on to the fifth and final one.
I try pushing open the fifth one, but it won’t budge; it is locked from the other side. I take a second to contemplate this; the walkers are too uncoordinated to figure out a lock, so it can’t be one of them on the other side. I gentle get onto the floor and peer under the door, however I see no feet. However, what I do see scattered on the floor are empty crisp packets, accompanied by the empty wrappers of chocolate bars.
‘’ Hello?’’ I call in confusion, however other than a slight gasp of fear, I don’t receive a proper response.
Suddenly, the main door to the bathroom opens and Greg comes in.
‘’ What’s keeping you?’’ He asks, but I hold my finger to my lip. He silences immediately and grips his bat tighter. ‘’ What is it?’’
‘’ I think there is someone behind here.’’ I say, and he raises his baseball bat up, ready to use it if he has to.
 ‘’ No! No! Put that away. It’s not a walker.’’ I say, and he lowers his weapon. 
‘’ What?’’ He says and walks up to the door, knocking it gently. ‘’ Hello? Who is in there? Are you a survivor? Don’t worry. You’re safe with us.’’ 
‘’ Who are you?’’ Says a weak feminine voice from behind the door, the voice of a young child.
‘’ I am Greg, and this is Mark.’’ Says Greg comfortingly and calmly, pointing to me although the girl can’t see us. ‘’ We don’t mean you harm, please, open the door, you must be starving. We’ll help you.’’
‘’ Are you one of the zombies?’’ She asks fearfully, yet innocently.
‘’ No!’’ I reply immediately, a little too loudly. She gasps slightly again.
‘’ The infected can’t talk. I promise, we are the good guys.’’ Adds Greg, trying to comfort her.
There is a moment of silence, nobody moves or speaks, we just wait for her to say something or do something, anything. There is a small noise as her feet hit the ground and come into view; she was obviously standing on the toilet seat, so she was hidden. She steps up to the door, and there is a clang as the lock opens and she slowly creaks the door open only slightly so she can peer out.
The girl standing before me is no more than twelve, with dirty brown hair that falls past her shoulders. Her face is dirty, as are her hands and there is a look of innocence and fear spread across her small little face. In her hand, she clutches a small stick, her only defence. She wears a faded yellow dress with flower patterns stitched into the hems.
‘’ C’mon. We won’t hurt you.’’ I smile but she doesn’t look convinced. I notice some bruising along her arms, she must be one tough cookie to be out here alone, either that or she is one lucky kid!
‘’ We will take you to our friends, there is a group of us. We have food, and we are safe.’’ Adds Greg.
‘’ Where are they?’’ She asks, gradually trusting us enough to talk properly with us.
‘’ Just over in the bank.’’ I smile to her. ‘’ It’s only across the road.’’
‘’ What is your name?’’ Questions Greg
‘’ I’m Mia. Can we go now, I’m scared.’’ She asks and we nod, and lead her back into the pub’s main room.
She jumps as she sees Jane and Bruno, but we reassure her that both are okay. We lead her around the edge of the room, so as she won’t see the battered remains of the infected we took care of moments ago.
‘’ Who’s this little angel?’’ Asks Jane with a smile on her face.
‘’ I’m Mia.’’ She responds, sounding terrified – looking at Jane as though she is a walker.
‘’ We found her hiding in the bathroom.’’ I explain. ‘’ We are going to bring her back to the others.’’
‘’ Let’s bring her back now, she looks petrified.’’ Says Greg, and leads the way out of the pub.
‘’ Bring her back?’’ Gasps Bruno in disagreement. ‘’ We’ve enough kids there. They don’t pull their own weight, they just scoff the food. Plus, we haven’t got enough from here yet, there is still more places to check.’’ 
‘’ That wasn’t a suggestion, it was an order. We’re bringing her back. If you’re so worried about there not being enough food for you, then you’re welcome to stay out here and scavenge.’’ Replies Greg angrily, he’s obviously had enough of the other man.
Bruce mutters something angrily under his breath, but follows Greg’s orders and steps out the door.
I am the last out, and just in case this is my last time in my old family owned public house, I take one last look around the place quickly, trying to ignore the obvious eye sores like the broken glass or the mangled body on the floor.
 I take a look at the photographs plastering the walls, the coat rack, where every day at one o’clock, like clockwork, my dad’s friend Mick would hang his black hat and matching leather jacket up and then he’d sit down for a quiet drink. He had served in the military for years and even after he retired, he’d have set schedules made out for everyday to make sure not a second of his time was wasted.
 My father – as a joke – always used to question what he classified as wasting time when he spent at least an hour every day sitting in the pub chatting with my dad about everything under the sun. Knowing him, he’s probably held up in an old military bunker with his old military friends and all their families, guarding off the undead and enjoying the ride.
I look behind the counter, where my father or uncles would be nearly always working behind, chatting happily to the customers who were more than just money to them. They were childhood friends or people they’d gotten to know because of the pub and even though it was their jobs, it also became a big social thing for them.
 I’d always be shocked by the amount of people who knew my dad, it wasn’t until I got a summer job a year ago here that I realised just how many people came in and out of the place on a daily basis; farmers, gardaí, teachers, sports players, local legends and some young people I recognised from being a year or two ahead of me in school.
We stand inside the small porch as Greg and Bruno make sure that the street is safe for us to make it back to the bank, back to the others. After a few minutes, after a lone infected man has finally wandered past us and further up the street, we move out from the cover of the building and into the rain. Even though I have seen the street like this so many times, it still shocks me as if it is my first.
Cars are stationary all over the road, most of them have been raided for supplies like petrol – mostly by us - weeks ago, so they will be permanently like this until normality is restored and the disease is exterminated, if normality is ever restored. If it was not raining, another striking factor that really stands out now would be how quiet things are without traffic or people, it really is silent. 
Normally I hate the rain, however today it seems to reflect my mood perfectly after visiting a place I used to know so well. Which in a way I appreciate, as it always irritated me how nature could be so cruel sometimes. Like nowadays, with people dying on a daily basis, the weather mocks us, with blue skies and sunshine, and the birds that chirp away obliviously in the trees. 
We slowly and cautiously make our way along the pathway, weapons ready even though we’d rather not use them. A few shops ahead, there is an infected man, feeding on the already half eaten corpse of a dog. I look away, fighting tears and another gag, trying to prevent the tears forming by rubbing my eyes. I’m so glad we put our dog down via injection just as things got bad here, that way, it wouldn’t have had a similar fate to this one. 
Although the site repulses me, I can’t take my eyes of it. The dog was once a greyhound racing dog, although it is barely recognisable anymore. Its stomach has been ripped open and its insides are scattered across the ground, which the walker is feasting on. The dog’s eyes are open, although they are as lifeless as the walker’s. 
We change our route, crossing the road through the maze of stationary cars and we make sure to stay low, eager to avoid an encounter with the man. I try hard to forget the image of him, but cannot, his face burning vividly in my mind. 
His hair is falling out in most parts, revealing a scalp that is covered in boils and scabs. His clothes are filthy, torn and caked in dry blood, most of it isn’t even his. His fingernails are a dirty shade of brown, mixed with a bloody red and they are sickeningly long and look sharp. Drool is dripping from his mouth – a mixture of both blood and saliva – as he devours what is left of the poor dog.
 We continue along the path on the opposite side to the infected man, passing shops that we have already scavenged for supplies. We started in the buildings right beside the bank, slowly moving further away from it as we got braver and hungrier. Which, in hindsight probably wasn’t a great idea, because it means that each day our journey gets longer and more dangerous.
I glance at Mia, a look of utter terror is spread across her dirty yet face, staring back at the infected man, and constantly glancing nervously behind her, in fear of being followed. As likely as it is that we are being followed, it doesn’t matter, because we have weapons and can take them on, plus we are almost in the safety of the bank anyway. She doesn’t have much to be worrying about.
We pass the car park that sits beside the bank where we are set up; it is full of stationary cars that we have yet to scavenge from. Amidst the cars, are two ambulances and three army trucks, which we have yet take precious medical supplies from. They are towards the very end of the car park, where the road turns a corner and adjoins into a smaller car park, located at the front of a supermarket.
We come to the steps of the bank, it looks so different than it did before the infection, all windows have been covered over on the inside by carpets, to prevent light from escaping at night and attracting the infected, and wooden planks are also nailed over the carpets to keep them in place and to secure the windows at the same time.
 The front door is the only way in or out – thanks to the work we did on the other exits – and it’s made from bulletproof glass. On the roof, three men are stationed to guard, each have a gun with a silencer attachment to prevent attracting the infected with their gunshots. How they acquired the weapons is beyond me, but to be honest I couldn’t care less. They have helped us on more than one occasion and the more firepower we have against the infected, the better.
 The automated teller machine out front has long since been busted open; it was destroyed before we got here, back before it all got so much more serious. Mass raiding occurred in jewellery shops, banks and electronic stores, anything taken now useless. If anyone had known how bad things were to get, they would have stocked up on the important stuff, food, clothes, weapons, it would have made a life saving difference in most cases. But people are too stupid and far too selfish to think about anything but themselves and their immediate futures.
We climb the steps and come to the door, after a few seconds, whoever is on the inside opens them and they slide open slowly and loudly. We step inside and they shut again behind us. We wait for the second set to open, and as they do we walk into the main room of the bank.
Most of the others that stay with us have come to welcome us back. However my hunch is that they want to see if we have brought back anything for them. Altogether, there is about twenty of us held up in here, people of all ages, sizes and physical capabilities.
‘’ Who is this?’’ Asks Robert – one of the unofficial leader of our band of survivors – kindly. Both he and Greg have taken control around the bank, and they work very well as a team.
‘’ This is-‘’ I begin but am interrupted by a woman’s voice somewhere in the crowd standing before us.
‘’ Mia?’’ Gasps Caroline, one of the newer women staying with us, only been here half a week.
The group in front of me part, leaving a clear path between us and Caroline.
‘’ Mom?” Stutters Mia, and begins to walk towards her mother, before she reaches her she has burst into tears. She sobs loudly however they are tears of joy.
Caroline shrieks and sprints towards the little girl, grabbing her around the waist and picking her up into the air, hugging her tightly. Both of them are crying now, everyone else is just standing watching them, the happiness spreading throughout the group because for once, something good is happening, something worth being happy about. 
I notice Bruno scoff, then head downstairs alone.
‘’ Oh God. I thought I’d never see you again!’’ Cries Caroline, Mia sobbing whilst laughing into her mother’s shoulder. ‘’ Where were you?’’
‘’ Hiding in the bathroom of the pub across the road.’’ She replies.
‘’ How long were you there for?’’ Continues Caroline. ‘’ You must have been petrified.’’
‘’ Three days, but I got some chocolate and crisps from behind the counter, and I could use the bathrooms there.’’ She explains and her mother lets out a laugh of both astonishment and joy.
‘’ You smart little chicken.’’ Praises Caroline and wraps her daughter in an even tighter grip.
Quickly, the crowd disperse, letting the two of them catch up with each other. Myself, along with Greg and Jane head downstairs to the safes with the food and weapons we have stored away. As we climb down the stairs, Bruno passes us, heading back into the main room. He scowls angrily at us like a child, annoyed that we had to come back early.
We pass one safe room, the one that has been converted into a large sleeping area, sleeping bags and pillows pave the floor, there is an occasional five hundred euro note lying randomly in the room, the ones that we must have missed whilst clearing it out.
The next safe isn’t as big; it has food and medical supplies stacked inside. Most of the food consists of sugary sweets or chocolate, as most of the proper food has been raided from the nearby shops, and the nearest supermarket is a five minute walk from the bank, requiring you to walk through the car park beside the bank. There aren’t a lot of medical supplies here considering the amount of us – we managed to raid a pharmacy, but  there wasn’t much left. Then again, anything is better than nothing.
I move on to the third safe, stocked with weapons of all sorts, knives, axes, baseball bats, a variety of sticks with nails jutting out at one end, used as a mace of sorts along with a few handguns, no ammo though –  all ammo is in the care of Robert, to make sure it’s not wasted.
I empty out the knives I took from the kitchen in the pub along with the cigarette lighters I took. They will be handy if we can find some spray on deodorant for some DIY flamethrowers, although I’ve heard of people that have lost their hands from doing that. Although I never understood how.
I leave down my baseball bat, not needing it for the moment and I exit the safe. The final safe is full of money, everything we took from the other safes. However there is also a few small stacks of toilet paper, I toss down the rolls I took from the bathrooms. At least now we won’t have to resort to wiping our butts with the money, which was a disgusting, uncomfortable yet necessary step.
I head back upstairs, and see Olivia sitting down on one of the couches in the corner.
‘’ You okay sis?’’ I question and she smiles at me.
‘’ Fine. I’m just wrecked.’’ She answers. ‘’ It’s great you guys found Mia by the way, good job.’’ 
‘’ Thanks.’’ I smile.
‘’ Do you think mom and dad are infected?’’ She suddenly asks for what must be the thousandth time in the last few weeks. However because of the question’s recurrence , I am prepared to answer.
‘’ I don’t think so.’’ I lie. ‘’ I’d say they are still out there, somewhere.’’ 
‘’ You think? We were lucky we made it here without them Mark. We’d probably be dead otherwise.’’ She says.
‘’ Oh gee thanks Olivia, it’s great to see how much faith you have in your own twin.’’ I joke and she grins.
‘’ You know what I mean dumb-ass.’’ She says and we burst into laughter.
That’s something I noticed about life now, because things are often so dull and negative all the time, even the smallest of positive things can be hilarious.
‘’ You look destroyed – ’’ She begins and before she has a chance to continue, I interrupt.
‘’ In case you haven’t noticed, the dead are reanimating. I have more important things to be worrying about than cleanliness, like not getting bitten! Although speaking of the dead, you should shower, you’re starting to smell like one.’’ I retort with a grin.
‘’ Hey! That was a bit harsh. Let me finish.’’ She replies. ‘’ I was suggesting that you sleep. And it’s not like I’m choosing not to wash, we have no showers or anything!’’
‘’ Excuses, excuses.’’ I retort with a grin. ‘’ I can’t sleep. We might be going out again.’’
‘’ So? It’s not like you’re a valuable member of the team, they’ll cope without you.’’ She says dryly and sarcastically, although a grin quickly appears across her lips as she struggles to keep a straight face. ‘’ You haven’t slept right in days, you deserve a few cheeky winks.’’
‘’ Fine. Wake me if anything happens.’’ I reply and retreat back downstairs to the safe full of sleeping bags, feeling defeated yet relieved at the same time to be finally given the chance to rest.

Chapter Two
‘’ Mark, your mum has dinner ready. Go get Olivia and come on down.’’ Instructs my dad, popping his head into my bedroom door, then heading back downstairs.
I hop off my bead, and wander from my room into my sister’s. Olivia is perched at the end of her bead reading through a book with a look of deep concentration painted across her face.
 ‘’ Whatcha reading?’’ I question – as the cover of the book is not in view.
‘’ Just some zombie book.’’ She replies quickly, her eyes not breaking concentration.
‘’ Why?’’ I ask in confusion.
She sighs, presses a finger against the page – to keep track of where she is – and then she looks up at me.
‘’ Because, it may be helpful. It might give us an idea of what’s going on.’’ She explains.
‘’ Well is there anything in there about where the government are?’’ I question as soon as she finishes. 
‘’ Well it’s not looking particularly good for these poor people. What’s left of the government are about to order a napalm strike on the city.’’ She begins, but before she can continue, I interrupt.
‘’ What?!’’ I gasp. ‘’ Why?’’
‘’ Well, in this book, the infection was only in one country. The military were smart and managed to keep the whole country on quarantine. It’s a small island, that’s why it didn’t have a chance to spread throughout the globe. Anyway, they want to napalm the whole island to ensure that it doesn’t get out.’’ She explains.
‘’ That’s barbaric!’’ I gasp, in shock that anyone would intentionally order something like that. ‘’ Skip to the end, see if they find a cure. That’s all we need.’’
‘’ No Mark. That’s not how books work. You read them completely through or they’re not fun. And anyway, I’m presuming there is no cure, that’s why they are napalming the country.’’
I frown.
‘’ Now then, can you please let me continue.’’ She asks kindly, although I can tell I am annoying her.  ‘’ Or did you actually come in here for a reason?’’
‘’ I forgot.’’ I grin, searching my mind for what I came in to tell her.
She sighs and gives me an impatient look. Then, I get the faint odour of something delicious from downstairs and I suddenly remember.
‘’ Dinner’s ready.’’  
Much quicker that she did when I interrupted, Olivia shoves her tattered bookmark into her book and tosses it onto the bed. She zips past me quickly and runs down the stairs.
 I glance over at her bed and study the cover of the book. On the front is a close up shot of a woman’s face. Her face is dirty and caked in blood, although she is human. Her short blonde hair is filthy and her eyes are wide in either fear or shock, or both. Her hand is raised and her bony index finger is pressed against her cracked lips. I tilt my head slightly to read the title; ‘The Last Ones’.
I turn and head down stairs after my sister, the smell getting a little more pleasant and a lot stronger as I approach the kitchen. I enter the small, dark room, lit up only by candlelight – as the windows have been boarded up to prevent any light attracting the dead at night. Even in the middle of the day, the house can be almost pitch black.
I enter to find that the rest of my family is already seated and waiting for me. I take my seat and we join hands – something my grandmother insists on before every meal. 
‘’ Dear Lord, thank You for the food on our table. Thank You for the clothes on our backs and the roof over our heads. Thank You for your guidance so far since this began. We thank You for having still having each other for support in these difficult times. We ask You for further help and guidance on this troublesome path that lies ahead of us and understand that everything that has happened so far has been for a reason. Amen.’’ Says my grandmother with her eyes shut.
‘’ Amen.’’ We reply as a collective.
The table is only supposed to seat for, but we have managed to fit seven people around it. I sit opposite Olivia, with my mum beside me. My dad sits beside Olivia. At the top of the table, sits my grandmother, and opposite her at the other end is my baby cousin – Rachel.
‘’Can you pass me a fork please?’’ I ask Olivia and she tosses one over to me.
‘’ Olivia Baker! Don’t be throwing things across the table.’’ Scolds my mum as my sister tosses me the fork – anytime she uses our last name, we are in trouble with her.
‘’ Quieten down honey! Do you want every bloody walker in the town to come here?’’ Says my dad, silencing my mum.
‘’ So what’s the plan?’’ Asks Olivia.
‘’ Supposedly there are other survivors in the bank. If we can get to them, well be safer.’’ Explains my father.
‘’ We should head out soon, within the next few days.’’ Suggests my uncle, receiving a nod of agreement from my father. ‘’ Our food is beginning to run low.’’
I take a mouthful from the tin of baked beans and swallow it quickly – absolutely starved. I glance over at my little cousin in the high chair, spooning spaghetti hoops into her mouth. 
She crams a large spoonful into her mouth, then slowly dribbles it all back out onto her plate. The sight causes me to gag a little bit, and I try hard to hold down the contents of my near empty stomach. 
‘’ Where did you hear about the bank from?’’ Asks my mother, trying to stimulate some conversation.
‘’ Jane. She text me before my phone’s battery died. Her, her boyfriend and a few others are heading over to the bank within the next few days, they heard there are others there.’’ Explains my father.
‘’ Her boyfriend? Please don’t tell me she’s still with that Bruno? He treats her like crap and he’s a sexist pig!’’ Responds my mother angrily and my dad shushes her again.
‘’ Use your indoor, indoor voices Tanya. We can’t risk any of the dead hearing us.’’ Orders my father.
‘’ Sorry.’’ She responds. ‘’ But that man is nothing but trouble. We both know those bruises weren’t from falling, he hits her.’’ 
‘’ Who?’’ Asks Olivia in shock. ‘’ Who hits who?’’
‘’ Oh you won’t know her. She’s just a friend of your fathers.’’ Explains my dad.
‘’ And who hits her?’’ Questions Olivia.
‘’ Her so called boyfriend.’’  Mutters my mum and spoons a tinned tomato into her mouth.
‘’ When do you think we should head out?’’ Asks Mitch, my uncle – changing the subject quickly before it escalates.
‘’ I’d say within the next few days. I’ve got some gear packed up already, but travelling on foot will be dangerous, so we’ll need to pack more supplies and get better weapons.’’ Explains my dad, my uncle nods in both agreement and understanding.
‘’ Dad.’’ Says Olivia after a few more moments.
‘’ Yes sweetheart?’’ He responds kindly.
‘’ Do you think this will blow over? The government and all are doing stuff right? They’re coming up with a cure.’’ She questions hopefully.
‘’ Of course they are!’’ Replies my dad enthusiastically, although his voice lacks conviction.
‘’ Shh!’’ Says Mitch suddenly, stiffening in his seat.
 ‘’ What is it?’’ Asks my dad, getting to his feet and grabbing the baseball bat from the floor beside him.
My uncle holds his index finger to his cracked lips and presses it against them. Everyone stays silent for a few seconds, listening anxiously and fearfully for the noise that has startled my uncle. After a few seconds, there is a scream from outside. The scream is human, and is one of fear as opposed to pain – which is a small consolation in a way. 
‘’ Someone’s out there.’’ I say.
‘’ We...we can’t do anything for them.’’ Answers my father after a few seconds, judging by the tone of his voice, it pains him to say this.
‘’ What do you mean we can’t do anything?’’ Gasps my grandmother in shock. ‘’ Of course we can!’’
‘’ We have no guns, we’ll just end up being attacked and killed.’’ Explains my father rather bluntly but I know he is correct.
We hear the scream again, this time it is closer than before. The person is obviously running, getting closer to us with each step. Judging by her weak voice, it sounds like a small girl. 
‘’ We have to do something.’’ Pleads my mother. ‘’ It’s a child.’’
‘’ There’s nothing we can do. The best option for us is to stay quiet and let whoever it is pass.’’ Instructs my dad.
‘’ James! It is a child. Just because the rest of the world has gone to shit, doesn’t mean you have to too!’’ Screams my mother angrily, causing all of us – apart from Rachel – to lunge forward to try and quieten her.
‘’ Shh!’’ We all warn in sync, but it is too late.
‘’ Help me!’’ Screams the voice from outside, and the front gate of the house crashes loudly open.
My mother makes for the door, but my dad grabs her arm and halts her.
‘’ James! Get your hands off me! If you won’t do something, then I will.’’ Yells my mother in fury, again, we all warn her to be quiet with a harmony of shushes.
‘’ Tanya. He is right.’’ Begins my uncle. ‘’ If we open that door, we’ll be signing our own death warrants. Look around you, do you really want to risk the lives of your family for the sake of some stranger who for all we know could already be bitten?’’
My mother glances at me, then at Olivia and Rachel, then to my grandmother and father and then finally back to my uncle. She stops struggling against my father and returns to the table, placing her head down and crying quietly. My grandmother and sister comfort her as she sobs.
‘’ Please!’’ Yells the voice of the girl, screaming in absolute terror and hammering at the door. ‘’ They’ll kill me! Please!’’
My dad remains quiet, as if debating silently with himself inside his own head, then curses and makes for the door. Both my uncle and I follow him, unsure of his intentions.
‘’ What are you doing?’’ Questions Mitch.
‘’ I dunno. We can’t just leave her out there.’’ Explains my dad, closing one eye and glancing out through the peep hole in the large door. ‘’ Oh God.’’
‘’ What?’’ I question immediately.
‘’ There are so many walkers out there.’’ 
‘’ Dad. Just open it.’’ I order calmly.
‘’ James, do not open that door.’’ Warns my uncle.
‘’ Please! Let me in!’’ Begs the screaming voice of the young girl as she persists with hammering down the door.
‘’ Dad.’’
‘’ James...’’ 
‘’ PLEASE!’’ 
My father curses loudly again and unlocks the several bolts on the doorway. He rips it open and grabs the young girl by her dirty shirt, pulling her inside. I get a quick glance of the garden and my jaw drops. There are easily fifty walkers pouring into our front garden and towards the house.
My dad slams the door shut and quickly secures the buckles. Immediately, the walkers begin pounding hungrily at the doorway, causing the girl to sob in fear even louder.
‘’ Mark, Mitch! Get some bloody chairs, we need to barricade the door.’’ Orders my father, obviously not confident with just the bolts anymore.
He grabs the young girl’s wrist and leads her into the kitchen.
‘’ Oh God!’’ Says my mother, tears still streaming down her face.
‘’ Tanya, take care of her. Get Rachel and my mother somewhere safe!’’ Orders my father. ‘’ Olivia, come help me with the door.’’ 
He leads my sister back towards myself and Mitch and we begin to grab furniture from the sitting room and toss it into a large pile in front of the door to further fortify it against the hordes of the walking dead on the opposite side.
‘’ How bad is it?’’ Questions Olivia as she helps me with a huge bookcase.
‘’ There’s so many of them out there.’’ I reply, whilst knocking over the large bookcase and causing the contents to spill out on the floor.
‘’ Shit.’’ Mutters Olivia, and grabs more furniture.
As I toss one of the kitchen chairs onto the pile, there is a shattering of glass in the kitchen along with a symphony of screams. I glance into the room, a walker has broke through the window and is approaching my mother and the others. 
‘’ Dad! They’re inside!’’ I scream in terror as the walker shuffles towards them.
‘’ Tanya! Get up to the attic! Wait there until we come for you.’’ Instructs my dad, and my mother exits the kitchen with Rachel in her arms, the new arrival at one side and my granny on the other. The ascend the stairs and there is a loud bang as the collapsible ladder to the attic is pulled down.
I grab my baseball bat from the floor and stare into the lifeless face of the oncoming walker. The first is, or was once a man. He was probably once well built too, because there are some muscles still visible. He has a chunk missing from the side of his head, meaning he has no ear and from the hole, pours blood. 
His eyes are a lifeless white colour, apart from lines of bloodshot red that are torn across the surface. His hair is thin and falling out in most places, revealing a bald head which is covered in cuts that seep blood or is covered in boils. He’s missing a few teeth, and those that remain are a dirty yellowish colour. Both drool and blood dribble from his mouth as he stares at the three frightened females before him.
From the window behind him, a second walker enters. The second one is a woman; she has dirty matted hair that is caked in dry blood. Her clothes are torn in more places than one but they seem to know just where to stay intact. She wears runners with a simple logo, once a popular brand, yet somehow that’s all I can remember, I cannot remember the name of the brand. 
Her jaw is out of place, revealing a set of empty gums that are a dark shade of black. They are bleeding slightly, and the blood falls carelessly to the floor, staining my mother’s carpets. Her hands are outstretched towards my grandmother and cousin, along with the random girl my dad just pulled in. Her nails are cracked, long and filthy, both blood and dirt beneath them.
They are both ridiculously slow, and I manage to get the upper hand pretty quickly. I whack the male over the head with my bat and it falls to the floor. It wriggles about pathetically for a second and then I finish it; bringing down my bat hard over its head.
My father and uncle sprint into the kitchen, Olivia has obviously followed my mother up the stairs and into the attic. 
My uncle and I advance on the woman, she seems to grin as she sees me approach. However before she can even attempt to dig her teeth into the flesh of my arm I smash her in the face with my bat, knocking her head backwards in a quick jerking movement and causing her already bloody nose to gush even more blood. I then club her in the stomach with the butt of my bat, causing her to bend down and as she does this, my uncle smashes her over the head with his weapon, and her head explodes, sending blood flying in all directions. 
The woman falls to the floor, and I turn to thank at my uncle but notice he is clutching his eye. 
‘’ What happened?’’ I question.
‘’ Nothing.’’ He says, and I know immediately by his tone of voice that he is lying.
‘’ Did its blood get in your eye?’’ I question, raising my bat.
‘’ No! Mark, it didn’t!’’ He yells, panicking and as this is happening, I hear more windows shattering as the walkers begin to break more windows. Not to mention those climbing into the room we are in now.
‘’ Upstairs! Everyone!’’ Yells my dad and I sprint from the room, my father and uncle are close behind, fighting off any walkers that are following.
As we reach the stairs, the door, just opposite the foot of the stairs breaks open, the pile of crap barricading it is not strong enough to hold against the amount of walkers that are slamming against it.
I reach the top of the landing and my mother yells at me from the attic. 
‘’ Mark! Get up here!’’ She orders.
‘’ No. I have to help dad!’’ I argue.
‘’ Mark, listen to your mother. Mitch and I can hold them off for you to climb. We’ll be right behind you.’’ Instructs my dad.
I quickly ascend the stairs and climb into the attic, the others are silent. My father and uncle fight off the walkers that are trying to climb up the staircase to the second floor, taking care of any that get too close.
After a few moments, there is enough of a gap in the floods of walkers to turn and ascend the ladder safely, so they do so. My uncle climbs up first, and as my uncle’s head enters the attic I grab him by his shoulders and pull him up into the attic so my dad can climb up. As my dad puts his foot on the first step, the horde of walkers reach the top of the stairs and advance on him.
The group is full of a wide variety of walkers, all shapes and sizes, and I can imagine exactly the kind of people they were before the infection. The first I notice is a woman - if she can even be classed as that anymore – who looks about twenty, approaching slowly.
 Her hair is filthy with both dirt and blood in it, but in some very small patches, there are traces of bleached blond hair dye that she must have used on her hair before she was bitten. She wears a pink hooded jumper with matching tracksuit bottoms. Along the sleeves of the hoody, and along the sides of the tracksuit are three vertical lines, a light shade of blue. Her whole outfit is in tatters, ripped to shreds in parts revealing dirty blood stained skin beneath.
She wears runners that were probably once white but now are a dirty black colour from muck; they are also full of holes making her dirty, boil-infested feet visible. Of course, like the others of her kind, her clothes are filthy, and stink of death. 
Another is a fat bellied man, and he wears a pair of glasses on his face. Only one of the lenses is actually in them however, the other has just got the outer frame. He has a dirty overgrown beard that has pieces of what look like flesh caught in it, and his open mouth leaks drool onto it as well. 
He wears a shirt, which looks like it may have been white once upon a time, but now is completely brown with dirt and blood. The area under his arms is drenched in sweat and the front area is torn, exposing his fat and bloody belly. I also notice a large butcher knife protruding from his shoulder – jammed deep into his back.
Amongst these, slightly ahead of the others is another woman, maybe twenty. She wears green jeans that are ripped along the knee’s, revealing bloody cuts, and where a simple pink t-shirt with ‘love’ written on it. 
Her hair is brown and curly, but like all of the others like her it is caked in dirt and blood. Her scalp is visible in some parts, and is a red colour as if she has a rash. Surprisingly, there is an IPod visible in her pocket, the earphones dragging along the ground behind her as she walks, however both earphones are missing, ripped wires drag along. She reaches the ladder just as my dad is halfway up it and grips him by his leg, pulling him backwards. 
I scream and reach for him, catching him by the shoulder. At the same time, he kicks viciously at the walker, hitting her twice in the face – on the third blow; her grip finally weakens enough for him to break free.
The female falls backwards and lands on her back. The last thing I see before my dad shuts the attic door behind him is the female’s head exploding as those like her trample her, eager to get to us, completely oblivious to what they are doing.
There is almost complete silence in the attic, nothing but heavy breathing and a few sobs from my mother. However downstairs, there is a deafening racket as the dead move about below us.
‘’ Now what? We are trapped.’’ Says Olivia. ‘’ There’s no food or water up here.’’
‘’ We wait until they disperse.’’ Answers my father.
‘’ But James. Did you see the amount of them? They will be hours.’’ Argues my mum.’’ At the very least.’’
‘’ Well we have sleeping gear up here, we will be okay for tonight anyway.’’ Smiles my grandmother positively. 
‘’ I suppose.’’ Says my uncle quietly, looking at the young newcomer hatefully, blaming her completely for the predicament we are now in. 
 ‘’ What’s your name sweetheart?’’ Asks my mother after both she and the girl notice Mitch’s stares.
‘’ Abigail.’’ She says nervously then begins to sob gently. ‘’ I am so sorry. I could’ve gotten you all killed.’’ 
‘’ We’re still knee high in shit. It isn’t over by a long shot.’’ Mutters my uncle. ‘’ Those idiots downstairs are persistent, we’ll be lucky if they ever leave.’’
‘’ No, you would’ve died otherwise, you had no choice.’’ Says my mom, trying to comfort the crying girl, ignoring my uncle’s comments. ‘’ You did what you did because like all other humans, you have the desire to survive by any means necessary.’’
‘’ Where’s your family?’’ I ask after a few more moments.
‘’ The creepy people took them. My dad tried to kill me!’’ She explains, sounding horrified. ‘’ My mother told me and my friend to run while she held them off. There were mire creepy people outside the house and they chased us. I lost my friend earlier today.’’
 ‘’ You poor girl.’’ Says my grandmother sympathetically, cradling the baby in her arms as she talks, getting her to sleep.
‘’ What about all you? Have you lost anyone?’’ She asks.
‘’ I lost my wife.’’ Says Mitch, my uncle. ‘’ But she didn’t turn in to a walker.’’
‘’ Not all them turn into the creeps?’’ Asks the young girl, misinterpreting what he meant.
‘’ When she was bitten, we killed her. It’s what she wanted. She didn’t want to be a danger to us.’’ Explains my dad as Mitch begins to softly sob, unable to answer. ‘’ You just have to aim for the brain and they stay dead.’’
‘’ I also lost my husband. He was one of the very first to die from the disease. He was killed by one of the bombs.’’ Explains my grandmother. ‘’ We were on holiday in London. We’d just been on a day tour in one of those open top buses. We saw Big Ben, the London Eye, the Dungeon. It was lovely. Afterwards, I insisted on going shopping. He was wrecked, but caved in the end. While he was waiting for me outside a shop, the terrorists set it off. It’s my fault he’s dead.’’
‘’ Don’t start this again mum, it wasn’t your fault. He was just in the wrong place at the wrong time.’’ Says my father, trying to comfort her.
‘’ Mitch?’’ Says my mother, staring at my uncle in the corner. ‘’ Is everything okay?’’

I glance over at my uncle. He is sitting on the ground, with his knees pressed to his forehead, his arms wrapped around them shielding his face. Then I suddenly remember what happened.
‘’ Blood got in his eye.’’ I say suddenly, jumping to my feet and stepping away from him, my baseball bat in hand, aimed towards him.
‘’ What?’’ Gasp both my grandmother and father in sync with each other.
‘’ No! Please. I-I’m fine.’’ He stutters and begins to shake in fear.
My dad gets to his feet, baseball bat in hand and approaches my uncle.
‘’ Please, no. You’re my brother!’’ Screams my uncle, and even though my dad is crying, he continues to walk towards him.
There are screams from outside, again sounding like a child. We run to the small attic window and peer out onto the street. There is a young girl, with blond hair sprinting along the road, weaving in between the cars parked all over the road. She wears a nightgown and grips a teddy bear in her hand; she wears pink bunny rabbit slippers, caked in dirt.
She runs along the road, screaming loudly as about twenty walkers struggle after her. I stare down into the garden, and see all the walkers that were in the house heading out of the garden towards the girl, completely forgetting about us. I feel pity for the girl, but she has just saved a lot of lives by leading the walkers away. 
Abigail climbs up beside me and peers out. She then gasps. ‘’ That’s Lizzie! She’s my friend.’’
Nobody replies to her, and I can tell by the look on her face that nobody needs to, her friend is doomed, as is anyone that tries to save her. There is a few seconds of silence in the attic, but it is soon interrupted by my grandmother scream.
I turn around, everything seems to stop for a second and I see my uncle; his eyes are almost completely white and are lifeless. I gasp as I see his teeth clamped around my grandmother’s calf. Blood is dripping from his mouth as his jaws continue to bite into my grandmother’s leg.
 My grandmother’s shrieks get piercingly loud, and my mother grabs Rachel from her arms as my dad approaches Mitch. Abigail is crying and shaking now; Olivia has her arm around her and is trying to calm her down.
I run to the window, and gasp as I see a couple of the walkers turning around and heading back towards my house. I curse and jump down from the window.
‘’ We have to move. They are coming back.’’ I yell but I am too quiet, my father’s screams louder than mine.
I look at him, he is crying as he smashes his baseball bat over my uncle’s skull, splashing blood all over the floor. He continues to smash the bat over him, crying out as if it is just as painful to do this as it is to be getting this done to. My grandmother stops screaming and goes still. My mother gasps, and runs to the attic door, dragging Olivia and Abigail after her with one hand, holding Rachel in the other.
‘’ Mark, we need to move! Now!’’ Yells my mother and I start to follow her.
‘’ What about dad?’’ I question, and look back at him, leaving his brother’s mangled body on the floor and moving on to his mother’s.
‘’ He’ll catch up.’’ She says although she doesn’t seem so sure. She then disappears down the stairs onto the landing, Abigail and Olivia following her closely.
I descend the stairs as I hear the baseball bat crunch over the head of my grandmother, I let out a sob, which quickly leads to tears. I climb onto the landing, and jump backwards as I see a walker trudging across my landing towards the room I can hear my mother and the other girls hiding in. I sprint towards it without hesitation and swing at it, just before my bat impacts, the creature turns and I wallop him in the face with my weapon. 
He moans as it falls to the floor and I smash it continuously with my bat, splashing blood everywhere, making sure to guard my eyes and keep my mouth shut to avoid a similar fate like my uncle’s.
‘’ Mark.’’ Says my sister from the room, half whispering, half shouting at me and I sprint towards her, just as my dad jumps down onto the landing, his hands covered in blood.
The room belongs to my parents, there is a large blue double bed in the centre of the room, on either side are small lockers and above them are windows. To the left is an ensuite bathroom, the door ajar and the small window is visible. My mother and the other three girls are standing behind the bed in the corner, just in front of the walk in wardrobe. 
My dad sprints into the room, the walkers thick on his tail, reaching the top of the stairs. He slams the door of the bedroom behind him and immediately the walkers on the other side of it begin to pound against it with their fists.
‘’ Now what?’’ Cries my mom.
‘’ I don’t know.’’ Sobs my dad. ‘’ The windows?’’ 
‘’ You know we won’t fit out them.’’ She sobs.
‘’ But they will.’’ He says, pointing at us.
‘’ Go, now!’’ Yells my mom as she stares out the window and realises that there are none left outside, they are all either outside the bedroom door or off chasing the other girl.
‘’ What?’’ Sobs Olivia. ‘’ We can’t leave you.’’ 
‘’ C’mon Olivia.’’ I say, dragging her towards the window.
‘’ No! No! Nooooo!’’ She screams as I rip her from my mother.
‘’ What about Rachel?’’ I ask.
‘’ She won’t make the fall. We’ll take care of her.’’ Says my dad. ‘’ We will meet up with you soon, head to the bank, to the other survivors. When we get out of here, we will head over there.’’ 
‘’ Okay, good luck.’’ I say, and turn back to the window.
I watch as Abigail jumps down and lands softly in the bushes, gets quickly to her feet and sprints away.
‘’ Abigail, wait for us!’’ I yell, and she stops for a second but then continues to run in the direction of the other girl.
‘’ Well screw you! You little bitch!’’ Yells my sister angrily, although I can understand why Abigail has gone after her friend.
‘’ Go Olivia.’’ I yell and push her towards the window.
‘’ I can’t do it.’’ She argues but I nudge her in the back and she falls out, landing safely in the shrubs below. 

I toss down my baseball bat and jump out after it, landing into the shrubs and getting to my feet. I stare back up at my parent’s room, hearing screams and moans, the crying of the baby.
My mother appears in the window, my father has his back to her and is smashing at the approaching walkers. She lets out a scream as they are overpowered and something snatches Rachel from my mother’s arms.
My jaw drops as I hear my mother’s howl, she has not been touched, but whatever grabbed Rachel has disappeared. I watch as they are forced into the small bathroom and then Olivia grabs my shoulder, causing me to jump with fright.
‘’ Let’s move.’’ 

Chapter Three
I slowly open my eyes, I am soaked in sweat which causes my clothes to stick to skin. The room is still in complete darkness around me – it is not time to get up yet. After a few moments, my eyes adjust and I glance around the room. There are slightly darker shapes of bodies wrapped cosily in sleeping bags all around me, and beside me Olivia is stirring.
‘’ I’m sorry, did I wake you?’’ I question in a whisper.
‘’ Yeah. Same dream?’’ She replies in a hushed voice.
‘’ Same dream.’’ I confirm, wiping my forehead with my small blanket to prevent any further drops of sweat from trickling down my face. ‘’ Sorry for waking you yet again.’’
‘’ Don’t be, you know I’m a light sleeper. Plus, I don’t really want to shut my eyes, it only means being forced to remember things I’d rather forget.’’ She explains.
‘’ I hate that dream, it’s too vivid. It’s like I’m reliving it all over and over again every night.’’ I explain. ‘’ I get so scared. I’m sweatin’.’’ 
‘’ I’ll wake you if it looks like your having another nightmare. OK?’’ She offers.
‘’ Thanks.’’
‘’ Just try get some sleep.’’ She instructs.
I lie down on my back, staring up at the roof. Although the room is near pitch black anyway, I close my eyes to help myself focus. I remember the journey from my house to the bank, the fear and adrenaline I felt, the responsibility I felt for keeping Olivia safe. 
The dream cut off just on time, because as we turned the corner, I remember seeing the first group of walkers. They were all very slow and now, they don’t seem like much of a threat thanks to the training Greg has been giving Olivia and I, but at the time, we were weapon-less and scared. 
Olivia had screamed terrifically loud and that had drawn even more walkers to where we were, but because we literally had nothing, we could only run. We moved quickly, although progress was slow as we had to double back a lot of the time and take detours to avoid endless waves of the dead. 
It was hard, if Olivia had not been with me, I may have given up, but because I was responsible for more than just myself, I had to reach the bank and find the other survivors my father had heard about.
We reached the bank about an hour or so later, just as the sun was nearing the horizon, becoming a similar shade to the liquid splattered about in so many places around the town. We were spotted by Simon and Lee – two men who were on guard duty, stationed on the roof – and we were taken inside to the others.
I think about the days since arriving, they have felt like years due to the fact that we do very little all day every day. Eventually, when my mind goes blank, I begin to doze off and my next period of sleep passes by in a blink.
The room around me is now brighter, light seeps in through the doorway from the hall. I reluctantly sit up in my sleeping and rub the sleep from my groggy eyes, yawning as I do it and stretching my arms above my head. There is no one else in the room, I am the only person still in bed. I crawl from my sleeping bag and get to my feet, then I head upstairs to the main room of the bank. 
I find most people just sitting around, looking quite bored. Since the electricity went, very early on in this disaster, boredom has been a huge annoyance. There were phones for a while, but once their batteries died, that was that. Same with laptops, IPods and anything else that requires electricity. Of course, there are probably a huge number of laptops and phones around the town, but at the moment, they are not what is important.
The days can seem horrifically long without electricity. It used to be such a key factor in what I did during my free time and to be honest I really took it for granted. God what I’d do for ten minutes of internet so I could try find out what’s going on, or check Facebook to see if any of my friends are still alive – which would probably just depress me even more as I know very few of them probably are. I sigh aloud at this thought. 
I know for a fact, that unless somebody has raided it, there are over one hundred laptop computers in my old school; the only problem is its location. Because it was such a huge and modern building, it required space, so they built it about ten minutes outside of the town. To risk going there you’d have to be one of three things, desperate, brave or downright stupid. But then again, making a dangerous journey like that would be a bit too risky for the sake of a few computers, without the internet, they are pretty useless.
I find Olivia plonked in a sofa in the main room of the bank, the part where normal people used to queue to speak with the bank clerks and access their money. Before all this happened, I would have made regular visits here with my mum.  A lot has been altered in this room, the windows for a start, are now boarded over with planks to stop anything getting in. The counters have been moved, and the velvet rope attached to poles that once lined the floors, to separate the different queues in the bank have been brought downstairs. They have all been replaced with couches we managed to scavenge from a posh restaurant close by and also some stools we stole from an abandoned internet cafe.
Olivia is sitting alone, curled up on the couch with a book in her hands – not the same one she had before, as that was left at my house when we had to flee, but a similar type.
‘’ What’s that one about?’’ I question.
‘’ Zombies.’’ She explains after she rolls her eyes.
‘’ You don’t say. I would never have guessed from a book with the title ‘The Z Apocalypse’.’’ I reply dryly and she smiles.
‘’ It’s kinda weird. It’s based twenty years after a zombie pandemic began, yet people are living worse than we are now.’’ She begins, sliding her bookmark in so she can find her place later.
‘’ What do you mean?’’ I ask.
‘’ Like, they’re basically living in complete isolation. There is a village of about one hundred survivors, but it is in the country and there is a border around the town. They know absolutely nothing about what goes on beyond their borders.’’ She continues.
‘’ God, you don’t think this will last twenty years, do you?’’ I ask her and she shrugs her shoulders.
‘’ I bloody well hope not!’’
I grin at her even though I know she is serious.
‘’ You should read Mark, we’d cover so much more books and we’d get a better idea of what is going on here.’’ She suggests.
‘’ Thanks, but no thanks. You know I hate reading. It’s so bloody boring.’’ I reply.
‘’ That’s so typical of a non-reader. You can’t dislike something you’ve never tried.’’ She argues.
‘’ I have tried! In school.’’ I explain.
‘’ You know that’s not the same.’’ She says.
‘’ I don’t see why you like them so much. What’s so good about them anyway?’’ I ask.
‘’ Well, it helps me escape from this world temporarily. When I read it, I don’t really pay attention to the world around me; I am taken into the world of the book’s setting instead. It helps relieve the stresses of life in this new world.’’ She replies.
‘’ Let me get this straight, you’re reading about a zombie apocalypse, to escape from the fact that we’re in one?’’ 
‘’ Well when you say it like that it sounds stupid. But yeah. When I’m reading, I know it isn’t real and maybe if I get used to reading about zombies, it will numb me a bit to what’s happening all around me.’’ She explains. ‘’ And it’s great for the boredom too.’’
‘’ We all have our own ways of dealing with boredom.’’ I reply with a smile. ‘’ I’m off to get breakfast.’’
‘’ Oh, I almost forgot. Greg wants to do some training with us later.’’ 
‘’ Grand, see you then.’’ I reply.
Olivia doesn’t respond to this, instead she opens her book and begins reading it again. 
I think of what Greg will be doing with us today. He has already taught us the basics of firearms as well as hand-to-hand combat. He’s been very kind to do all of this, as it takes a few hours from his day, but I guess it’s a way for him to deal with boredom.
I exit the large room and move straight for one of the large conference rooms that we have converted into an eating area. The long mahogany desk where meetings were once held at is now a breakfast table.

Next door is a smaller room, where we store our food. We moved the counters from the waiting room inside it and there are usually two or three people working at it. Outside the small food room is a queue of three people, Caroline and Mia – the girl we rescued yesterday – and a woman named Sinead.
‘’ Morning Mark. How are you?’’ Smiles Sinead warmly as I approach. 
‘’ Tired and hungry.’’ I reply and she grins.
‘’ Same. Do you know if Greg is leading a scavenge today?’’ She asks.
‘’ I don’t think so, I think we’re going out tomorrow.’’ I explain. ‘’ Why? Are you going out?’’
‘’ Yeah, anything to get outta’ this place for the day.’’ She replies then yawns. ‘’ God I am wrecked.’’
‘’ I haven’t been sleeping great either. Bloody nightmares.’’ 
‘’ I don’t think there’s anyone alive today that isn’t haunted in their sleep. Don’t worry, you’re not the only one.’’ She says reassuringly and I smile.
‘’ Hi Mark.’’ Says Caroline. ‘’ I never got to thank you for yesterday.’’
‘’ Oh it was nothin’.’’ I smile and Mia returns the grin.
‘’ I don’t know what I would’ve done if you hadn’t brought my little chicken home to me.’’ Continues Caroline.
‘’ I wasn’t the only one who was there.’’ I say modestly. ‘’ There were others too.’’
‘’ But you were the one who found me.’’ Replies Mia. ‘’ Thank you.’’
‘’ You were very brave to be there all on your own.’’ I say and she grins wildly. ‘’ I bet the walkers were afraid to go near you.’’
‘’ Next!’’ Calls a voice from inside the food room as two people exit with tins of food in their hands and then head for the conference room with the large table.
Sinead’s sister Siobhan exits, along with Lee, one of the regular guards stationed on the roof. Siobhan smiles at her sister as she passes and then disappears into the conference room. Lee continues towards the main room of the bank however – he is probably heading back up onto the roof to the other two guards.
‘’ That was a very good thing you did yesterday.’’ Says Sinead as Caroline and her daughter enter the food room.
‘’ I didn’t really do anything!’’ I laugh. ‘’ I was just looking for toilet paper.’’
‘’ Your way too modest Mark.’’ She smiles.
Sinead is the image of her sister Siobhan, both of them have blonde hair and tanned skin. They are both slender and tall, with bright blue eyes and they have a similar sense of style. Sinead is younger, about nineteen and I get on well with her, Siobhan however is a bit older, and  I don’t really talk that much to her.
‘’ Next!’’ Calls the same voice after a few minutes, Caroline and Mia exit the room.
Myself and Sinead enter the room, passing a man on the way in who stands guard at the door. At the top of the room is a large table with foods stacked on it – tinned foods, crisps, chocolate, sweets, fizzy drinks, bottled water and other junk food nobody wants. Behind the large table are two women.
‘’ Morning. What can we do for you today?’’ Asks one of the women – Miriam I think.
I pick out my usual items, tinned pineapple slices, some alphabet spaghetti and a tin of tomatoes. Sinead picks out the same.
‘’ Sorry guys, only two today. We don’t have enough to last the rest of the week if everyone takes three, Robert’s orders.
I place the tomatoes back on the table, Sinead puts down the pineapples.
‘’ No problem.’’ I say.
‘’ We’ll have to look out for more tomorrow.’’ Adds Sinead.
‘’ Thanks for your cooperation.’’ Smiles the second woman. ‘’ Enjoy!’’
We exit the room, and move next door into the larger conference room where Siobhan is sitting down with Mia and Caroline opposite her. Sinead takes a seat beside her sister and I sit down beside Mia and her mother. Mia smiles widely as I approach and makes some space for me to sit beside her.
‘’ Your my hero.’’ Grins Mia, one of her two front teeth missing.
‘’ Thanks.’’ I laugh. ‘’ When did you lose your tooth?’’
‘’ Yesterday. But the tooth fairy forgot to come.’’ She says sadly.
I glance over at Caroline, who almost gasps aloud. ‘’ Why didn’t you tell me you lost your tooth? Of course the tooth fairy didn’t come, how would she have known if I couldn’t leave a note for her?’’
‘’ What?’’ Questions Mia.
‘’ The tooth fairy probably went to our house, because she doesn’t know we are living here now. I’ll have to write a letter to her tonight, and she’ll probably come in a few days.’’ Explains Caroline, and I grin at Mia’s excited face as her mother tells her this.
‘’ I thought she had forgotten about me.’’ Says Mia with a laugh. ‘’ She just didn’t know we moved house.’’ 
‘’ That’s it.’’ I smile. ‘’ I’m sure she’ll bring you something soon.’’
I open the tin of pineapple slices as Mia explains to her mother how silly she was for thinking the tooth fairy forgot about her. A delicious odour escapes the tin as I pop off the cap and I take a second to relish it. There are five small slices in the tin, I pop the first into my mouth and an explosion on flavours erupts within my mouth. Although I take my time with the first slice, my hunger gets the better of me and I devour the rest within minutes. I then chug down the pineapple juice left at the bottom of the tin.
The others stop talking as they eat their food, the only noise coming from anyone is the chomping of their jaws on whatever they got from the food room.
I next open the spaghetti letters and pour a mouthful from the tin into my mouth, pouring it like some kinda of soup. It is delicious and I have it eaten in no more than ten minutes.
We chill in at the large table, talking about anything and after about thirty minutes, Olivia pops her head into the room.
‘’ Mark. Greg wants us on the roof.’’ She says to me, then addresses the rest of the room. ‘’ Morning girls.’’
‘’ Morning.’’ They reply in unison.
‘’ How are ya Olivia?’’ Asks Sinead.
‘’ Grand, Greg is doing some training with me and Mark again on the roof.’’
‘’ Do you think I could go up? I’ll be bored outta my head otherwise.’’ Asks Sinead.
‘’ I don’t see why not, come on, let go.’’ Smiles Olivia, Sinead and I follow her from the room.
We follow Olivia silently up to the roof, Greg is already waiting for us with a few swords – some wooden ones, probably to train with and then some proper ones. I immediately notice the cold winter wind whipping and immediately regret signing up for this. As usual, Greg picked the worst possible location to train, but I guess it will play off in the long run if we ever get stuck fighting in a location like this. 
The three usual roof guards – Lee, Simon and James are sitting down by the edge of the roof, staring down onto the street with their guns ready.
‘’ Hi Sinead. Will you be joining us?’’ He asks happily when we arrive.
‘’ Well yeah, if that’s OK.’’ She smiles.
‘’ No problem, the more the merrier. The only thing though, you’ll have to partner with me.’’ Explains Greg.
Sinead nods her head excitedly. ‘’ No problem.’’
‘’ OK, this is called a bokken.’’ Begins Greg, picking up a long wooden version of a katana blade. ‘’ It’s what we’ll be training with today.’’ 
‘’ Didn’t like ninjas or something use them to train with?’’ I ask.
‘’ Samurais.’’ Corrects Olivia immediately.
‘’ Whatever.’’ 
‘’ Yeah, they did.’’ Smiles Greg, ignoring our little spat. ‘’ Everyone take a sword please.’’
He quickly distributes the swords, each of us grasp one in our cold hands and we stand in front of him.
‘’ OK. Mark and Olivia pair up first, you two fight and myself and Sinead will observe. I will coach you through it.’’ Instructs Greg.
‘’ But we don’t know how to fight with them yet.’’ I begin.
‘’ Oh come on Mark.’’ Grins Olivia. ‘’ You wouldn’t lose a fight to a girl?’’
Before I have a chance to reply, she lunges forwards at me and swings the sword towards me. I duck under her swing, but as I duck to my hunkers, she nudges me with her foot and knocks me on my back. Then, before I can do anything, she presses the bokken gently against my throat.
‘’ Oh, apparently you would.’’ She smirks.
‘’ No fair! I wasn’t ready.’’ I protest.
‘’ That’s no excuse!’’ She grins. 
‘’ Again!’’ Interrupts Greg and this time I lunge at her first.
With a lot more force than I intended, I swing my sword in an arch towards her, knocking her bokken from her grasp and onto the floor. I jab towards her – gently this time – but she sidesteps the wooden katana and makes for her fallen weapon. As she is bending down to pick it up, I make another swing for her. Just before my sword makes impact, she retrieves hers and blocks.
‘’ Go on Olivia! Kick his ass!’’ Yells Sinead encouragingly.
‘’ Oh, I plan to.’’ Grins my sister in front of me.
‘’ It’s nice to see I’m so loved.’’ I smirk, and dodge Olivia’s sword.
‘’ Go on Mark!’’ Encourages Greg, smiling at us as we spar. 
I make a swing for Olivia as she gets too close for comfort, but I am too high and my sword begins rapidly moving towards her face. Somehow though, she manages to whip her sword upwards and block my swing. As my sword hits her, she pushes hers away from her – the force knocking my sword back also. 
I lose my balance and nearly fall but I manage to keep my feet. Olivia spins around; swinging her sword with her and it collides powerfully with my side.
‘’ Boom! Game, set and match.’’ Yells Olivia victoriously as I grab my side.
‘’ Well done.’’ Congratulates Greg as I mutter under my breath and nurse my throbbing side.
Olivia makes an ‘L’ shape with her hand and presses it against her forehead. She smiles at me, then sticks out her tongue. I glare back and flip her off, which only makes her laugh even more.
‘’ I wasn’t trying.’’ I lie.
‘’ Sure you weren’t.’’ 
‘’ I wasn’t!’’ I repeat.
‘’ Whatever you say.’’ She laughs and before I can think of a witty remark that would most likely be bullshit, Greg ushers us aside.
‘’ Make way for Sinead and I. We will spar now, you guys just observe.’’ Instructs Greg, and her bows slightly to Sinead. She does the same, although she looks confused  as she does it.
Myself and Olivia stand against the wall of the roof, looking at the two adults before us.
‘’ Cough. Loser. Cough.’’ Grins Olivia after a few minutes.
‘’ I wasn’t trying! You really think I’d hit you? You really think I’d lay hands on a girl, let alone my twin sister?’’ I ask, and even though I am telling the truth about the second part, I sound more convincing than I mean to.
‘’ Aw Mark. I’m only messing. I love you really.’’ She smiles and I nod my head. 
I glance at the two adults before us, who have begun. Sinead is putting up a better fight than I expected – although she is not doing much attacking, she manages to block each of Greg’s attacks.
‘’ Defence! Defence!’’ Yells Simon – one of the roof guards – encouragingly, clearly noticing it too.
Sinead grins and blocks another of Greg’s swings; her reflexes seem to get sharper as Greg tires. After about three more minutes of Greg swinging and Sinead blocking, she suddenly lunges forwards, swinging at Greg. Greg seems to have anticipated the move however, because he suddenly bursts to life again. He easily dodges the swing of her wooden bokken and swipes his in an arch through the air – as I did to Olivia earlier. 
Sinead’s sword flies from her grasp and clatters onto the roof’s floor. However, as she bends down to retrieve it, Greg dives forwards and gently presses the tip of his weapon against Sinead’s neck.
‘’ Game over.’’ He smiles, and helps her to her feet. 
‘’ I don’t get it? Where did that energy come from?’’ Asks Sinead.
‘’ He never lost it.’’ Explains Olivia. ‘’ He faked the battle fatigue.’’
Both myself and Sinead glance at Greg to see if Olivia’s theory is correct. He nods his head and the two of them smile.
‘’ Damn you!’’ Laughs Sinead. ‘’ I thought I had you.’’
‘’ Well you nearly did. I didn’t anticipate your attack until later, so you sort of got me by surprise.’’ He admits. ‘’ Still, you were a good defender. That is just as important as being able to attack.’’
‘’ Thanks.’’ Smiles Sinead with a blush.
‘’ C’mon. You guys head back downstairs. I want to gather tomorrow’s scavenging party and hold a short meeting. I just have to clean up around here.’’ Explains Greg and I move for the door.
‘’ I’ll help you.’’ Offers Olivia, and stays with Greg.
Sinead and I go back inside and downstairs to the main room of the bank. People are still sprawled on couches, some are lucky enough to have a book – but most look bored out of their heads.
‘’ Today was good, despite the fact that we both lost.’’ Smiles Sinead. ‘’ Thanks for letting me join you.’’
‘’ No problem.’’ I smile in response.
‘’ So who do you think will be coming out with us tomorrow on the scavenge?’’ She asks.
‘’ I dunno. Probably just the two of us, Simon, Greg and Bruno. Maybe Jane.’’ I suggest.
‘’ Jane’s not. I was talking to her earlier, she’s not in the mood. Did something happen yesterday?’’
‘’ Bruno kind of snapped at her. He was yelling at how he didn’t care about what she thought because she was a woman.’’ I explain. 
‘’ That man is nothing but trouble. He shouldn’t be allowed near her. I know I’m not the only one who sees the bruises.’’ 
‘’ It’s down to her at the end of the day; she chooses to be with him.’’ I argue.
‘’ Out of fear.’’ 
I sigh and the discussion ends.
We head over to the room where we normally meet up for scavenger meetings, and after about ten minutes Greg arrives with Bruno, Simon and Olivia!
‘’ What are you doing here?’’ I question.
‘’ There’s a meeting on for tomorrow’s scavengers.’’ She states.
‘’ Well done. But that doesn’t answer my question.’’ I reply.
‘’ Olivia is coming out tomorrow with us.’’ Greg explains.
‘’ What!?’’ I gasp. 
‘’ You heard.’’ Smirks Olivia.
Olivia and the others file into the room, I stand outside however with Greg.
‘’ She can’t come!’’ I plead. 
‘’ Why not?’’ Asks Greg calmly.
‘’ You know why. It’s not safe out there.’’
‘’ Nowhere I safe.’’ He replies.
‘’ She isn’t ready for it.’’ I continue.
‘’ She kicked your ass pretty well.’’ He grins.
‘’ Greg please-‘’ I begin but he cuts me off.
‘’ Mark. She’ll be fine. I will personally make sure that she comes back in one piece. You’ll be there too, and you’ll be looking out for her. Even if you’ll never admit it.’’ He explains and with that he enters the room and I can do nothing but follow.
Greg stands at the top of the room and I squeeze into a seat between Sinead and Simon. 
‘’ OK. I won’t keep you long because our lovely dinner of beans and sweet corn awaits us. Tomorrow we will all be heading down to the supermarket down the road. We don’t have the time to loop the whole way round the back so we’ll be cutting through the car park. Whilst there we can check the army vehicles and the ambulance. Any questions?’’
‘’ How long will we be out for?’’ Asks Simon. 
‘’ Why, have you got other plans?’’ Asks Greg with a smile.
Simon laughs aloud.
‘’ I dunno, a few hours or so.’’ Explains Greg.
‘’ Ah that’s grand then.’’ Admits Simon.
‘’ What time are we meeting up at?’’ I ask.
‘’ Midday.’’ He smiles. ‘’ As always.’’
‘’ Sorry.’’ 
‘’ OK then, that wraps things up here. Let’s go eat!’’ He exclaims excitedly and leads the way from the room.

Chapter Four
I move through the main room of the bank, my baseball bat in one hand and my large gear bag thrown over my shoulders. I only packed a small amount of gear, to save space for other things later. I approach the front entrance where the rest of the people going out with me today are waiting; Greg, Bruno, Simon, Sinead and Olivia.
‘’ Oh it’s completely fine to turn up ten minutes late. It’s not like we’re on a tight schedule or anything.’’ Mutters Bruno sarcastically, although there is no humour in his voice – just anger.
‘’ That’s everyone.’’ Says Greg, ignoring Bruno’s comment. ‘’ Open up the doors.’’ 
After a few painfully long moments, the bulletproof glass doors before us slide open and we step out onto the cold street. I feel a shiver up the back of my spine as I always do, afraid that this is the last time these will open. We have located the generator that operates some of the things in the bank, like the doors, lights and cameras but because nobody has a clue how it works, we have no idea when it is going to run out. We try conserving its power for just the doors, by not using the cameras or lights, but still, I can’t help but feel a little scared every single time – especially considering how slow they’ve been lately.
The fresh air rising up through my nostrils is refreshing and I take a moment to enjoy the peace, tranquillity and overall calmness of my surroundings, in a few moments I may not be able to do that. I glance in both directions, up and down the street and see nothing but rubbish and abandoned stationary cars. There are large puddles still left over from yesterdays showers. We descend the small set of steps that bring us onto the footpath and begin to move towards the car park. I look back at the bank, as I always do, just in case.
Greg leads and Bruno takes up at the back, both have their guns in hand, neither afraid to use them if they have to. The rest of us; Olivia, Simon, Sinead and I are scattered in between the two, weapons in hand and raised, ready for any immediate or sudden danger that most likely isn’t too far away. We continue along the path quietly, listening out for any noises that can help alert of possible dangers that lurk in our path. 
‘’ It’s so quiet.’’ Points out Sinead. ‘’ I don’t like it.’’
‘’ I agree. But at the same time, another part of me is glad the streets are like this. It’ll make our job easier.’’ Explains Greg.
We turn left, down a small incline in the road into a large car park, jammed with abandoned cars, scattered in stupid angles that are going to make our journey through here a lot harder. We stick to one side of the car park, with one of the high stone walls to our sides so we only really have to watch one side for danger. The cars we pass are all empty, blood is splattered against some windows, other windows are cracked, doors hang ajar and there is a pungent smell of death about the area.
‘’ Maybe we should look through the cars, there may be something worth finding. We’ve got the time.’’ Suggests Simon and Greg nods approvingly.
‘’ Spread out but stay close. Search as many cars as possible.’’ He instructs.
 I glance into the nearest car – a large seven seater jeep – and immediately wish I hadn’t. In the back seat of the car is a baby seat; however it is ripped to shreds and soaked in blood. There is a child’s stuffed teddy bear sitting sadly beside the baby chair - its head hung downwards as if sensing the state the world is in - also caked in blood.
I turn my eyes away and continue moving, picturing how that must have happened. Perhaps the parents were attacked, maybe ripped from the car, then they went for the poor child, sitting innocently in the back seat, completely oblivious to what was happening – which is probably for the best. 
Or perhaps its own parents were the ones to do it, the child may not have been completely aware with strangers doing it, but surely it would have not associated its mother with hurting it, let alone ripping its stomach open and feasting on its insides.
I shudder and hold back tears, the world of today is not in any way forgiving and if you’re weak, you’ll die. That poor, poor child.
‘’ You okay?’’ Asks Olivia, clearly noticing my sad face.
‘’ Yeah.’’ I lie, trying to shake it off.
The next car is a small, wine-coloured Renault. It’s windows are all cracked, so you can hardly see into the car. In the back seats, attached around the driver’s and the front passenger’s seats are two small televisions. There are a few children’s DVD’s scattered on the floor, all movies I recognise and as a child, loved. 
I sigh aloud. ‘’ Greg is this all really necessary?’’ 
‘’ What do you mean?’’ He questions in confusion.
‘’ There’s nothing worth taking here. And this is a grave, I don’t feel comfortable taking the very little that’s left.’’ I explain.
‘’ The little pipsqueak has a point.’’ Mutters Bruno whilst tossing a sports bag onto the ground, taking nothing but a soggy packet of cigarettes from it.
‘’ Hey!’’ I protest.
‘’ Fine.’’ Replies Greg after glancing at the faces of agreement on the other’s faces.
‘’ Those things will kill you.’’ Says Olivia as Bruno finds a cigarette that is reasonably dry and shoves it into his mouth.
‘’ Wouldn’t that be a pity.’’ Mutters Sinead under her breath and we all burst into laughter.
Bruno suddenly squares up Sinead, who bravely stands her ground beneath him.
‘’ What did you just say?’’ He asks angrily.
‘’ Oh nothing.’’ She replies with a mocking smirk.
‘’ Yeah. That’s what I thought. But just you know, I have no problem hitting a girl.’’ He warns but Sinead doesn’t stand down.
‘’ Yeah, we’ve established that.’’ Answers Simon, stepping up beside Sinead.
‘’ Don’t you start.’’ Spits Bruno.
‘’ Oh come on Bruno. Stop with this shit.’’ Pleads Greg for the sake of the group.
‘’ You know what Greg-‘’ Begins Bruno again, but he is interrupted.
‘’ Walker!’’ Whispers Olivia after a loud gasp.
We all silence, bending down onto our hunkers as she points out a walker slowly hobbling through the car park, from the direction we are headed. It hasn’t noticed us yet, and slowly trudges past us. It is female and was once probably a very attractive woman. Although her hair is matted, missing in places and soaked with blood and dirt, I can tell the woman once took great care of herself.
‘’ Let it pass.’’ Orders Greg.
Her cracked nails are tinged slightly pink with varnish and in one of her ears is a large hoop-shaped ear ring, the other is missing however. Around her neck is a necklace with golden letters attached to the necklace, ‘Ciara‘.
 Her face however, is hideous. It is covered in boils and cuts seeping blood. There is also hardened dirt on her skin and her mouth hangs open, as if she is unable to close it. Drool spills freely out of it. She is moaning gently and quietly as she plods along through the car park at a snail’s pace, as if each step is causing her more and more pain.
Bruno gets to his feet beside me and runs after the woman, his long and bloody crowbar in his hand.
 ‘’ Bruno!’’ Scolds Greg quietly. ‘’ Get back here.’’
Bruno ignores the warnings. He sprints after the woman and dives on top of her, beating at her viciously with the crowbar. There doesn’t seem to be any rhythm to his actions, he just wallops the woman ferociously and mercilessly, splattering her blood all over the ground. When the body finally stops writhing beneath him, he gets to his feet and returns to us.
‘’ Bruno. Why did you do that!?’’ Asks Greg furiously.
‘’ Because I wanted to.’’ He explains stubbornly.
‘’ I gave direct orders to let it pass us.’’ Replies Greg.
‘’ Well you can shove your direct orders up your-‘’
‘’ Bruno!’’ Yells Greg. ‘’ This isn’t some game. You can make a choice now to listen to me or to return to the bank because you’re going to end up getting either us or yourself killed with your stupidity.’’ 
‘’ Whatever.’’ Shrugs Bruno and begins to walk away, but Greg grabs him by the shoulder.
‘’ No. It isn’t whatever.’’ Says Greg angrily, mimicking Bruno’s tone. ‘’ Out here we don’t have second chances, if we make a mistake, we could end up dead, or worse. I don’t care what sort of rebellious badass you think you are, but you seriously need to cop onto yourself and grow up.’’
‘’ Ok.’’ Replies Bruno stubbornly – I can tell by his tone that he is only agreeing to get Greg out of his face. Judging from the look on Greg’s face, he can see it too, but he ignores it.
We continue along the wall to the edge of the car park, and come to a row of bottle bins, once used for recycling glass bottles. They are overflowed with bottles, right up to the top and there is broken glass all over the ground, it crunches underfoot loudly as we pass the plastic bins.
 ‘’ We’ll head to the ambulance first.’’ Explains Greg. ‘’ What do you think?’’
 ‘’ I think there could be an awful lot of useful things we can take from that.’’  Replies Sinead and I nod my head in agreement.
 ‘’ Let’s go then.’’ Says Greg, and he leads the way deeper amongst the maze of cars.
There is no direct path to the ambulance, so we manoeuvre around the cars, most splashed with blood that has long since dried in or have broken windows. The cars are all positioned in awkward angles, how they got in this state is beyond me! 
As we pass a car, I notice an arm hanging from an open door. It is bony and bloody, and the fabric of the shirt has been torn all around the arm. I follow the arm up to a and from there to the head. 
Its eyes are closed, there is a line of dried blood from its nose leading down to its chin and its clothes are ripped to shreds, revealing patches of dark brown dirt and ripped flesh. It has a large set of teeth embedded into its neck and its hair is missing in most places.
I turn away from the sight and continue after the others towards the ambulance, now just a few meters away. Its back doors are shut, which must be a good thing, indicating nobody has disturbed it since the infection began spreading, so if we are lucky we will find some handy stuff.
 I wince back as we pass another car; a young girl sits in the back of it, deep marks of teeth in her forearm and like the other one I saw, covered in dirt and blood. There is also a large gash across her throat, three lines of blood streaking across her skin. Her hair hangs down over her face, hiding the girl’s identity, thankfully.
‘’ Why didn’t this one come back?’’ Asks Olivia as we glance at the girl. ‘’ Her head seems intact, so the brain couldn’t have been destroyed. There’s no bullet hole either.’’
‘’ There could be one on the back of the head.’’ I suggest.
‘’ Yeah, I’d say so. Everyone that’s bitten dies and reanimates, why would this case be different.’’ Agrees Sinead.
We reach the ambulance and Greg steps towards the two back doors of it, pulling them open. Inside the ambulance is a large stretcher with a small seat beside it, an oxygen machine along with a mask, a defibrillator, a fire extinguisher, two large green boxes with a small white cross on them, a set of green walkie talkies and a lot of other equipment I don’t recognise. 
‘’ Mark. You come inside with me and Sinead, the rest of you stay out here and keep watch for us.’’ Instructs Greg and hops up inside the vehicle, Sinead follows him in and stretches out a hand to help me up.  
We open up the two first aid boxes and examine their contents, both are the exactly the same. Each contains a box of plastic doctor gloves, scissors, a huge variety of different shaped plasters, some bandages, a sling, some disinfectant, headache tablets, painkillers, safety pins, an instructions booklet, antiseptic wipes, cotton buds, a collection of pills, an instant ice pack and a few bottles of pills with names I cannot pronounce plastered onto them. Sinead and I open up our bags and pour the contents into them; Greg also grabs the set of walkie talkies and the small defibrillator.
There is a sudden scream outside from outside the ambulance.
 Olivia. 
I turn and sprint from the ambulance, leaving the bag and getting my baseball bat ready to fight. I leap out and see about ten walkers coming from the direction we came, heading directly for us. I also notice the man I saw in the car hobbling hungrily towards us, saliva drooling from his bloody gobs.
‘’ Greg. You should probably get out here.’’ Calls Simon, 
As he does this, Bruno fires his gun at the closest walker, the man who has just climbed from the front seat of a car.
‘’ One second. Hold them off for as long as you can. We are almost done.’’ Calls Greg.
Bruno fires again, aiming for the closest walker, a woman, hitting her square in the face, right between the eyes. Her body stays put momentarily as her head jerks backwards with the bullet’s impact, she then drops to the floor, completely still. 
‘’ Look!’’ Says Olivia sounding fearful, pointing to the entrance of the car park, in the direction of the bank.
I follow her pointed finger and my jaw drops, entering the car park, and heading towards us in a large hungry horde are about twenty more walkers. They are moving slowly but we know that if they get close enough, the sheer amount will be too much to handle.
A few of them begin to fall; the guards stationed on the roof of the bank must be picking the closest ones of to try and help us.
‘’ Greg! We need to move, now!’’ Yells Simon, clobbering the head of a walker with his bat, knocking it to the ground and repeatedly bashing away at its skull until it caves in.
Greg jumps from the ambulance just as I smash my bat against the face of one of the walkers, knocking it to the floor of the car park. Olivia joins me as we smack our bats at the creature, sending blood splashing all over the floor. Greg tosses me my pack and I throw it over my shoulders and we begin to retreat away from the oncoming walkers.
‘’ Where do we go?’’ Asks Simon, sounding worried.
‘’ The supermarket I suppose. We can’t go back that way for now and maybe we can lock ourselves inside.’’ Suggests Greg. ‘’ Stay there ‘till they pass.’’
‘’ That’s good enough for now.’’ Says Sinead and we begin at a steady jog away from the ambulance and towards the shop – an small army of the undead following frighteningly close behind.
As we pass cars, I notice more and more walkers inside, all beginning to stir awake and see us, licking their deteriorated, bloody lips. 
How did we not notice them before? 
We continue at a quick pace as more and more walkers join the group in pursuit of us. We pass two stationary army tanks, parked beside each other. Lying on the ground in the arms of a dead soldier is an AK-47 assault rifle. Bruno bends down and rips the gun from the soldiers grasp. The soldier’s eyes shoot open suddenly, revealing completely white eyeballs and it moans, trying to get to its feet.
Bruno smashes the butt of his guns into its face, splashing blood everywhere and then continues along with us as the approaching horde closes on us. We are within about thirty meters of the entrance to the supermarket doors when about ten more walkers climb from cars in front of us, blocking off the route to the supermarket and begin walking towards us.
Greg fires a shot and one goes down, a red hole appearing in its forehead seconds before it falls. He then goes to aim again when Bruno opens fire with the assault rifle he has just taken. The noise is deafening and the gun jerks backwards as he fires, causing him to miss most of his targets. The gun spits bullets toward the approaching walkers, hitting them in their stomachs, never the head, doing no real damage to them, and they continue towards us.
‘’ Stop! Do you want every bloody walker in the town to be drawn to us? That thing has no silencer like the ones we own. Stop acting stupid and fire your handgun.’’ Screams Greg angrily as more walkers climb from cars around us.
Bruno continues to fire, and three in front of us go down. The walkers have now closed a circle around us, but we all continue fighting.
Bruno fires rapidly at one side of the circle, which closes in on is more and more with each passing second. A handful of walkers go down, leaving a small gap in the wall of the undead.
 We make a break for it, as the pursuing walkers draw ever closer from behind us and we sprint for the supermarket’s entrance only a few meters away. 
As we run, a walker approaches me, its mouth open, ready to snap at my flesh but I swing my bat at it, impacting its face hard and knocking it to the ground. Before it has a chance to get up, I smash it hard in the face, causing blood to splatter across the ground and the front of my shirt and it goes still.
 Greg leads the way, and is the first one into the supermarket doors, he stands to the side and gestures us forwards, shooting at our pursuers as he does it.
 As the last person sprints in, he pulls down a metal grating from the ceiling that covers the doorway. He then, with the help of Sinead and Simon, shoves the automatic doors shut, though it is done with great difficulty. We take a step back from the door, and immediately the sound of fists bashing against metal sounds. 
‘’ Oh God. We’re trapped.’’ Cries Olivia.
I glance around at the others beside me, studying their facial expressions.
Olivia looks petrified; I knew I shouldn’t have allowed her to come. She isn’t able for this kind of stuff and she doesn’t deserve it. She deserves to be safe and sound back at the bank. I notice her arms are quivering slightly, she is literally shaking with fear and I see tears beginning to form in her eyes.
I can tell Greg is doing his best to keep calm, for the sake of all of us. Although he doesn’t seem to be scared at all, surely he must be. He stands tall with his gun in one hand and his gear bag in the other – he didn’t even have time earlier to put it back on his back. He is sweating and caked in blood that thankfully doesn’t belong to him. He catches my eye and smiles weakly.
Bruno looks angry more so than scared. Although he always seems to be angry and after what happened earlier on, he is probably fuming with rage. He holds the AK-47 in one hand and the fist of the second is balled up in anger. He is breathing heavily, although that is not down to fitness, it is down to trying to control his rage.
Both Simon and Sinead look the same, they both look relieved to be inside here and away from the walkers. Although they look scared, relief seems to be the predominant emotion. 
 All this happens within about ten seconds, and before anyone can say a word, I collapse with exhaustion and fear. The ground rapidly spins upwards and smacks me in the face. 
Everything goes dark.

Chapter Five
I slowly open my eyelids, directly above me is a dirty, probably once white ceiling along with the faces of my friends standing around me. All of them are standing over me, looking down with worried looks on their faces.
‘’ Oh thank God.’’ Smiles Olivia as my eyes open.
‘’ See. I told you he’d be alright.’’ Says Greg to my sister and then turns to me. ‘’ You are alright Mark?’’
‘’ I’m fine. How long have I been out for?’’ I ask.
‘’ About ten minutes, not too long.’’ He replies, then I suddenly remember what had caused me to black out and I jump to my feet, fear overwhelming me.
‘’ Where are the walkers?’’ I question fearfully. ‘’ Did they get in?’’
‘’ Wow there, calm yourself.’’ Smiles Greg. ‘’ No, they didn’t get in.’’
‘’ We are safe.’’ Adds Sinead. ‘’ Well, at least for now anyway.’’
‘’ We blocked up the door. They aren’t going to break through anytime soon.’’ Explains Olivia and then I relax a little, taking a look around the place.
We are standing just inside the shop at the back of all the checkout desks, where various volunteers would always be stationed every week, packing bags for different charities. There is a notice board on the wall beside me, covered will small notes, all to do with missing people, probably put there before it got so much more serious. The first picture I notice is of a little girl, it is a close up of her little face and she is grinning happily, one of her front teeth is missing. The note attached claims her name is Katie, she is nine and was last seen with her childminder in the local play park.
The next picture I see causes me to take a second look, simply because I recognise the face. The picture is of a girl that attended my school, we were only in the same French and English class, but still, it is a shock to see her face. In the picture she is smiling, her died purple hair is tied in a ponytail at the back of her head and she wears a simple white dress, she looks so innocent. She was very funny in school, although loads of the other lads would jeer her playfully, she got on with everyone. I sigh and pray silently to a God that I no longer believe in for her to be OK.
I turn my face away from the note board, knowing I will only demoralize myself. Instead, I glance around the shop itself, which doesn’t look that different considering everything that’s happened. The checkouts are all empty, the cash registers for every single one of them have been busted open and cleaned out, raiders from the beginning by the looks of it. 
It must have been back when people were stealing things like money, or console games, before people copped on and realised they didn’t help keep you alive. But besides the check outs, it looks like nobody has been here at all considering how most of the shelves seem untouched.
When the others feel I am well enough to move on, we cautiously begin to make our way towards the first aisle, and only when I come close to the porch do I hear the racket, caused by the hungry walkers shrieking, sounding frustrated because they can’t get to us. I then glance at the windows back beside the checkout desks, only now remembering them and worrying about them. I sigh with relief upon seeing the metal grating pulled down, just like on the doors.
We begin to move along the first aisle; on the left are all the fruit and vegetables, which are almost unidentifiable. They are black, rotting at the core and are giving off a putrid stench which makes me gag a little bit. There is a basket of what were probably once red apples, but they are now a light shade of orange mixed with black and are all shrivelled up. The skin is missing on one side of it, revealing the insides of the apple, coloured a dark shade of grey. 
Next to the apples is a crate of bananas, however there is not a single patch of yellow amongst them, each piece of the fruit is brown all over and Bruno pokes one with the end of his newly received gun and it sinks into the banana, revealing a liquid-like substance inside and also allowing a foul smell to escape from inside it.
‘’ Gross.’’ Mutters Sinead, holding her hand over her mouth and nose.
 Beside that is a crate, holding smaller boxes full of what must have been strawberries; however now they contain a red goo-like substance barely recognisable as food. The fruit that was once in it has now deteriorated and formed a large clump of rotten red mush in a plastic container. 
On the right of the aisle is an overwhelming amount of junk food, ranging from chocolate and crisps, to jellies and biscuits. Despite the amount of crappy food like this back at the bank, I grab three coconut chocolate bars, shoving them into my pocket along with a few peanut butter chocolate bars.
‘’ I haven’t had one of these for months.’’ I explain before anyone has the chance to ask. ‘’ I’m not interested in the other crap.’’
We quickly navigate our way through the aisle, not really interested in any of the products on offer here. The next aisle has alcohol on either side; wines, largers, spirits and so on, something none of us have seen in a very long time. Bruno smiles and heads in, we follow him and watch as he pulls a four pack of beer from the shelf. 
He pops the cap and begins to chug down its contents. He laughs aloud and tosses a can at Simon and Greg. Simon reluctantly pops the lid and takes a sip. Greg catches it but places it on the floor. Bruno seems unfazed by this. He pops the lid on another can and begins 
Both Sinead and Olivia just stand beside me, staring at them.
‘’ You shouldn’t be drinking that Bruno. You know what alcohol does to you.’’ Warns Greg, however he is ignored.
‘’ Aren’t you gonna have some?’’ Asks Bruno with a grin after a few more minutes, Greg’s stony expression is unchanging.
‘’ I think I’ll pass on this one. I want to be fully stable, just in case we get attacked.’’ He explains, but packs a few cans into his bag and throws it back over his shoulder.
‘’ Suit yourself.’’ Says Bruno, grabbing another four pack off the shelf and popping the cap of it. 
Simon puts down his half full can, seeing Greg’s disapproving look but he too shoves a few cans into their bags.
‘’ Are you not taking any?’’ Asks Greg with a grin, joking with me and Olivia, trying to diffuse the slight tension.
‘’ No thanks.’’ We reply in sync, smiling back at him.
‘’ What about you Sinead? Don’t you want to take back some vodka for some shots later with Siobhan?’’ Asks Greg.
‘’ I’m not a drinker.’’ She explains.
After a few moments, we move towards the next aisle, I am leading the way. We are at the back of the shop now, at the opposite end from where the door and the checkouts are, where the bakery is.
I glance over at the shelves that once stocked bread and other baked products like cookies, donuts, ginger bread men and other cakes. All the products look fine but are most certainly stale. We turn into the next aisle and I jump backwards immediately, noticing something obstructing our path.
‘’ What is it?’’ Whispers Greg in my ear.
‘’ Walker.’’ I mutter and everyone immediately quietens, pulling out their weapons again.
We slowly step back around the corner into the aisle and out of sight; the walker has its back to us and is slowly hobbling away from us, somehow unaware of our presence. It is a huge male, the width of its fat belly is probably equal to half my height and as it plods along, it shakes to each side. It has average length greasy hair, and in some parts of his head there are large clumps missing. It wears a red polo-necked shirt, and black trousers, the uniform of this shop – meaning he once worked here. 
‘’ Hey.’’ Yells Bruno at it, causing the man to slowly turn to face us.
It takes him a moment to manoeuvre himself one hundred and eighty degrees, but when he finally turns to face us, I feel like vomiting. His neck is twisted back a small bit to a very awkward looking angle, and a bone is jutting out from it, tearing the skin. His jaw hangs open, revealing a black tongue and yellow teeth – it seems he cannot close it – as blood and saliva constantly flow down his chin. There is a golden name badge pinned to his shirt pocket on the top right of his uniform, it reads:
‘Leslie Pierce – Store Manager.‘
Its white, lifeless eyes enlarge as it sees us, and it begins to breathe much heavier as it attempts to move quickly towards us, trudging along the aisle. It moans as it draws closer, but before it can get within touching distance, Bruno lets out a laugh and pulls the trigger of his gun. As the walker falls to the floor, Bruno continues to spray bullets down the aisle. The assault rifle rings throughout the shop and as the body of the fat walker falls to the ground. There is an immediate and deafening ringing in my ears as the gun fires.
‘’ Bruno you idiot!’’ Yells Simon. ‘’ Don’t fire that thing like that.’’
The gunfire seems to tease the walkers, because from the front of the shop, the banging and clattering against the metal door intensifies and for a few moments we remain still, simply listening. After a few seconds, there is a loud crash of metal and then footsteps.
‘’ Oh God! They’re in.’’ Gasps Sinead, sounding horrified.
‘’ Quickly!’’ Shouts Greg. ‘’ Let’s move!’’
We sprint from the aisle, heading back towards the bakery as we hear the moans of the walkers entering the supermarket. We run along the back of the shop, following Greg as he leads us to the opposite corner, the furthest point from the entrance.
‘’ We need to find the staff lounge and stores, there should be a back exit by the storeroom where deliveries used to come through.’’ Explains Olivia and the others agree with her.
‘’ They don’t know where we are yet, but they will find us soon.’’ Explains Greg. ‘’ So we have to move quickly.’’
We run along to the last aisle, where the dairy fridges and the freezers of frozen goods are. None of the fridges are on as the power is out, so the food sits rotting where they are. We come to a set of double doors and quickly push through them. As they swing open, the first of the walkers begin to draw nearer to us, growling excitedly as they see us. 
We run through the doors and begin along the long hallway, there isn’t a lot of space and we have to run in twos to fit but we don’t slow down. The doors behind us swing open and two walkers come in, bearing their bloody mouths towards us.
Greg turns around and fires at the closest one, hitting her in the face, causing her to fall over and collapse in a heap on the ground. The two walkers behind the first one both lose their footing as they trip over their fallen friend and land on the ground. Before either have a chance to stand up again, the others begin to surge in towards us, standing on the walkers on the ground and crushing them underfoot. 
‘’ There!’’ Yells Simon, pointing to a door at the back of the hallway. 
‘’ That should be it!’’ Adds Olivia.
We run into the room and shut the unsteady-looking wooden door behind us and as it shuts, the walkers on the opposite side reach it and begin to smash violently at it, eager to break through and get to us. Greg, Simon and I drag a large wooden container over and place it in front of the door just as the door threatens to burst open. It pushes slightly forward, revealing a thin passage between the door and its frame, and immediately hands begin to come through, scraping at the wall of the room we are hiding in. 
Simon steps forward and with the sharper end of his crowbar, he pierces through one of the hands reaching in, causing it to recoil away, back to the other side of the door. The door begins to push forward again, and the box that was moved to secure the door begins to slide out of place.
‘’ Quickly.’’ I say, grabbing both Olivia and Sinead and jumping on top of it, trying to weigh it down a bit more. ‘’ Get some more weight on it.’’
The pushing seems to weaken a bit and we have a moment to look around. We are standing in a small storage room, full of wooden boxes and not much else. There are small windows lining the top of one wall, but you would struggle to fit a child through them.
‘’ We’re trapped.’’ Mutters Simon simply.
‘’ Now what?’’ Says Olivia, sounding petrified, I knew I shouldn’t have let her come. We are going to die and it’s my fault she’s here, I could have stopped her from coming if I had of protested more against Greg’s reassurance.
‘’ There has to be a way out.’’ Says Greg.
‘’ What about the windows. I know we can’t fit through them, but Olivia or Mark might be able to.’’ Suggests Simon.
‘’ They are too small.’’ I say, dismissing the idea.
‘’ I could fit through.’’ Argues Olivia.
‘’ No.’’ I say immediately. ‘’ You are not going out there.’’ 
Greg and the others begin to heave the other wooden crates over to the door, barricading us in further and we leap down from the crate we are on, confident of its security. 
I walk over towards the back wall and stand up on one of the crates, peering out of the small window. It is getting quite dark outside, the sun has disappeared behind the horizon and because there is literally no light anywhere, it gets dark a lot faster. 
The sky is cloudy, neither the stars nor the moon are visible but after a few seconds my eyes adjust and I peer around outside. There are walkers hobbling around in the staff car park outside which is empty apart from a single red delivery truck. 
 ‘’ I wonder what is in these crates.’’ Ponders Olivia aloud.
‘’ Want to open them?’’ Asks Simon. ‘’ We can use my crowbar.’’
‘‘ Not much else to do.’’ Admits Greg. 
‘’ It looks like we’re spending the night.’’ Mutters Sinead.
We crack open the top of the first crate, and toss the wooden lid onto the floor. We all peer in and find lots of swimming shorts, surfing vests and flip flops wrapped up in plastic packaging. As the summer has only ended a few months ago, and the cold wintery weather is drawing closer, we don’t take out anything.
‘’ These must be the specially stocked items they have every second week.’’ Suggests Greg. ‘’ The infection began at the beginning of the summer, so that explains all this stuff.’’
‘’ I wonder what else there is.’’ Asks Sinead and Simon begins to work on another crate.
He pops off the lid and tosses it to the floor, we look in and smile. Camping gear, ranging from torches and batteries, to tents and inflatable mattresses. There are also some sleeping bags and some hiking boots.
‘’ Well this is a good one.’’ Smiles Simon and we begin to empty out its contents onto the floor.
‘’ I guess we are spending the night here then.’’ Confirms Greg. 
We each take a torch, plus a  one and cram all the batteries supplied into our bags; we lay out some inflatable mattresses and push the small button that automatically inflates them. I swap my runners (which are a size too small for me) with a pair of the brand new hiking boots; I also grab another sleeping bag and clip it to my pack. Greg packs away two small, two-man tents into his bag, as does Simon – although I hope we never have to use them, the thoughts of having to sleep outside creep me out big time.
We sit down again on the mattresses, satisfied with some luck and Greg begins to go through his pack with the medical equipment, reading the instructions. 
‘’ Can I see the walkie talkies?’’ I ask politely and he happily tosses them over to me.
It takes me a minute to figure them out, but I finally get them working and tune them in to the same station, handing one to Olivia and raising the second to my mouth.
‘’ This is Mark, come in Madame Egg Head.’’ I say, to test them out.
‘’ That’s not even funny.’’ Replies Olivia.
‘’ Sorry. If anyone just said something there, I didn’t hear them because they didn’t speak to me through the walkie.’’ I say whilst pressing the button. 
Bruno gives me a death glare but the others laugh.
Olivia holds down a button, trying to work out the walkie talkie, but then curses.
‘’ What’s wrong?’’ I ask.
‘’ I think I just changed the station.’’ She says, handing it back to me. ‘’ Can you fix it?’’ 
‘’ Can you repeat that Rosie?’’ Says a male voice from within the walkie talkie. ‘’ Over.’’
‘’ I said, the place is bloody packed with rotters, whoever fired that gun is probably dead now, over.’’ Says a feminine voice back to the man.
‘’ Ok then. The three of you should head back now, leave it. Over.’’ Instructs the male voice again. ‘’ We can’t get them all.’’
For a moment, we all stare blankly at the device clutched in my hand, eyes wide and jaws low, then everyone surges towards me together.
‘’ Wait!’’ I yell into the walkie. ‘’ We are in the supermarket! We are cornered!’’ 
‘’ Help us!’’ Adds Sinead.
For a few seconds, there is no reply from the two. The only noise to be heard is the walkers on the opposite side of the door, trying desperately to break in and get to us, to no avail though.
‘’ Where are you? Over.’’ Says the woman’s voice again after a few moments.
‘’ We are in the supermarket. Please help us, we are cornered in the store room. It was us who shot the gun. Please help us.’’ Pleads Olivia, ripping the walkie from my hand and holding it up to her face. 
Again there is a long pause, but then the manly voice comes back.
‘’ Rosie, Rick, you guys head over to them. I will be ready at the door and Paul is in the car outside waiting. Over.’’ He says and then the girl known as Rosie replies.
‘’ The two of you stay there, we will come get you. Over.’’ She says.
‘’ There are more than two of us.’’ Says Greg, taking the walkie from Olivia and holding it up to his mouth. ‘’ There are six of us in total. Over.’’
‘’ Do you have weapons?’’ Asks the woman called Rosie. ‘’ Over.’’
‘’ Yeah. But like they said, we are cornered. Head into the shop and down towards the back stores, we are in the last room on the left. Over.’’ Explains Greg.
‘’ Ok. Be ready for us. Over and out.’’ She says again, then the line goes quiet.
We all get to our feet, weapons at the ready. I toss my bag over my shoulder and we all stand in silence, listening for signs of the women and whoever else is with her. From somewhere in the shop, there is a deafening crash, followed by a brief pause, then another loud crash. This pattern repeats itself about five times and once again, there is a silence. The door in front of us stops banging, as the walkers are drawn to the noise in the supermarket itself.
‘’ Let’s go.’’ Says Greg, as he begins to pull back the wooden crates with Simon. 
He slowly opens the door, and peers out of it. 
‘’ Clear.’’ He says, and pushes it open, gun in hand.
There are loud noises coming from the shop ahead, thuds of bodies and groans from the walkers. There are a few stragglers that have not yet reached the supermarket, and are just ahead of us. Greg raises his handgun and fires, causing the closest walker to fall to the ground.
We continue along the hallway, drawing closer to the set of double doors that we were chased through earlier. He steps right up to them and gently pushes one open, peaking his head out and looking into the supermarket.
We follow him out into the darkened shop, it is not very bright but what I can see is shocking. The shelves are all lying on their sides, the contents scattered everywhere, that must have been the loud crashing noises, the falling shelves must have acted like dominos. There are walkers beneath the shelves, most are still but I notice one that has been severed completely in half, it somehow is still pulling itself along the floor using just its hands.
In the centre of the chaos, there are two people standing back to back, a man and a woman. The man holds a large crossbow; two small torches have been attached to it and they help light up the place. He is tall and well built, with biceps as big as my thighs. He has short, jet-black hair with a rough face he wears black trousers, a green jumper and black boots.
 The women – presumably Rosie - clutches two axes, one in either hand. She also has a small handgun strapped to her belt. She is tall and slender, with olive coloured skin and dark brown hair. Her hair is long, but it is tied back in a long ponytail. She is also well built – although her muscles don’t protrude out as much as the mans. She wears similar clothes, and her face is pitiless although there is a lot of beauty there too.
The man, I forget what his name is, is firing his crossbow, sending small arrows flying at the approaching walkers, every single one of them hit their target square between the eyes. 
When they see us, they slowly begin to make their way towards us, still managing to fight the walkers as they move. We take down as many walkers as we can with our short ranged weapons to make their job that little bit easier. When Rosie and her partner finally reach us, they instruct for us to go back through the doors through which we came – back towards the store room.
We lead the way back through the hallway, Greg and Sinead leading us with Rosie and the man securing us from the back. The rest of us in the middle just move along in a tight pack between them.
‘’ That way!’’ Yells Rosie, pointing to a door on the right of the hall – a room opposite the store room – and leads the way inside. 
We are in a small canteen, obviously once used for the employees that worked here. There is a large set of glass doors on the side and outside there are a few straggling walkers heading past us, walking into the supermarket. Rosie moves around the room as the man secures the door, she takes out a walkie and holds it up to her mouth.
‘’ Paul. We are in the canteen. Ready when you are. Over.’’ She says and instructs us to step back from the window.
‘’ On the way. Over and out.’’ Replies the man known as Paul.
‘’ What’s the plan?’’ Asks Sinead, but Rosie says nothing, instead she holds her index finger to her lips and stays silent.
After just a few seconds, there is a rumbling noise somewhere outside. Then, in the deserted car park out the back, a small van bursts through a small group of walkers and makes its way towards us. It’s headlights illuminate the car park around us, revealing a few fallen walkers that must have been taken down by our saviours on their way inside.
‘’ Get down!’’ Yells Greg in warning and we all dive to the floor.
In a matter of seconds, the van smashes through the glass window in front of us, sending small shards of glass flying everywhere. The van then reverses backwards into the car park and turns around – reversing towards us with its back door facing us.
Rosie leaps forwards and pulls up a latch on the van, then instructs us to climb in. Sinead and Simon jump on, followed by Bruno and Greg who pull Olivia onto it. Rosie climbs on and I follow her. The man who is with Rosie leaps up just as the door of the canteen bursts open, walkers moving excitedly and hungrily towards him. However before he can reach us, he pulls down the door on the back of the vehicle and we speed away from the supermarket and the hordes of walkers inside it.
‘’ Please to meet you all. I’m Rosie, walker slayer extraordinaire!’’ 

Chapter Six
We speed from the supermarket, every so often there are thumps against the van as walkers on the outside either throw themselves against it or are knocked out of the way by it. The inside of the van is dark and cramped, the only source of light coming from a gap between the floor and the metal door on the back of the van. I try to visualise the route we are taking as we turn around sharp bends or bound over speed bumps but I lose focus pretty quickly.
A few minutes later, the small van comes to a halt and we are instructed to climb from the back and we do as we are told. The area is a little less crowded with walkers, but the van’s pursuers draw closer to us with every passing second. 
‘’ Paul, Rick, you guard, I’ll take the inside.’’ Orders Rosie.
 Rick stands in front of us, to give us some guard and begins to shoot at the approaching walkers as Rosie leads us towards the building. 
The man that drove the small van – apparently known as Paul - heads towards Rick, pulling a samurai sword from a sheath and steps up beside him, holding back the walkers. Rosie brings us towards the back entrance of a newsagent, and as we approach the door swings open. A man stands in the doorway with a small handgun in one hand, and a walkie talkie similar to Rosie’s in the other. 
‘’ Quick. Get in!’’ He yells and Rosie shoves us inside, waiting back for the two men fighting off the walkers.
As we quickly file inside in a small, single-file line, the gunfire outside continues and walkers hit the floor. 
‘’ Lads! C’mon in, that’s everyone!’’ Yells Rosie and they begin to retreat backwards towards the building, keeping their weapons raised and aimed at the approaching horde of walkers.
The door shuts with a bang behind them as they run inside, and it is bolted up in about five different places. All the shiny metal locks seem to have been attached recently because before this whole thing started, I made regular visits to this shop in the summer time and have no recollection of there being any.  
As soon as the bolts are locked, the first of the walkers outside reach the door, and begin pounding weakly against it, sensing defeat. They let out moans – just as feeble as their attempts to break down the door. Although they aren’t exactly a strong bunch, I’m glad they’re on the opposite side of the door to me. 
We are led up a small incline and into the shop. I recognise this newsagents, I used to come here a lot during lunch break in school - before we were relocated to a new building just outside of the town – because the food was pretty cheap and delicious or on hot summer’s days for an ice-cream and bottle of water.
However, as we walk into the shop, it doesn’t look a lot like what I remember it as at all. The deli counter is empty - as expected – and the glass that once protected the food underneath has been smashed, shards of glass fill the little metal containers that once held sweet corn, lettuce and other sandwich fillers.
The shelves that used to line the front of the main counter with packets of sweets, crisps and bars of chocolate have mostly disappeared, only a few of the lesser recognisable chocolate brands remain. Even though this was expected considering the circumstances, it is still a very unusual sight seeing empty counters where I am normally so used to seeing products lined in neat rows. I guess this is another thing I will never grow accustomed to.
 I then glance over at where the front entrance to the building is, which brings you out onto the same street where the bank is situated. About ten buildings in the direction of the bank is the pub we visited only yesterday, the one that belonged to my family before the world went to shit.
The long rows of shelves that used to line the shop, once covered with magazines, books, toys and cards for special occasions are pushed up against the large glass windows at the front of the shop, blocking off all view of the street. There are a few items still untouched on the side facing us, cards for birthdays, christenings and weddings which are all still organised neatly on them, on another there are stacks of magazines, plastered with images of ancient celebrity gossip, it’s hard to imagine a world where things like that were important. 
The fridge in the centre of the shop, that used to contain ice creams that were to die for on hot summer days are gone - apart from two tubs of plain vanilla ice cream – and have been replaced with frozen chicken, pork and fish, some vegetables and I also see some ‘’ready to eat, just heat’’ meals. I find myself salivating over the mere thought of a chicken wing, or even a fish finger, anything that is hot and meaty, something I have sourly missed since all this happened. 
‘’ How is that thing still on?’’ Questions Greg.
‘’ Emergency generators.’’ Smiles Rosie proudly. 
I notice the shelves behind the counter that once stocked a wide variety of cigarettes has been ripped off the wall partially and hangs lopsided, practically all of its contents stolen. All that remains are a few cheap brands of smokes that have the dangers of smoking warnings printed in a different language.
We are lead to the far end of the shop and up a small set of stairs, up to where the small cafe and eating area was for anyone that wanted to sit down and enjoy a mug of hot chocolate, that would have a handful of mini-marshmallows scattered across the surface, slowly melting into the hot liquid – making it creamier.
 The tables and chairs that once were scattered around the space are not in sight; in their places are four mattresses with accompanying blankets, pillows and sleeping bags. The blanket on one of the beds is folded neatly, as is the sleeping bag. However the rest are a mess, the blankets ruffled messily, half hanging off the mattress and sprawled across the floor.
‘’ Guess which one is mine.’’ Smiles Rosie – the only woman of their group – as we pass.
 They take us up another few steps to a third level, where there are large containers of food, drink and weapons, that are organised into piles around the room lain out on the tables missing from downstairs. I spot baseball bats, crowbars, a few guns, some glass bottles with a clear liquid in them and a small piece of cloth jammed into the lid – petrol bombs maybe? – along with lots of homemade weapons featuring from a kitchen knives stuck onto the end of a sweeping brush handle, to a hockey stick and a set of garden shears. 
I also notice how all the weapons seem to have a thin and dried layer of blood on them, evidence of previous and most likely brutal battles with the undead.
‘’ Wow.’’ Says Olivia, finally breaking the silence and causing the four people that live here to laugh. ‘’ This place is savage!’’
‘’ Thanks.’’ Smiles the man that opened the door for us, the one that wasn’t outside with Rosie, Rick and Paul.
‘’ How long have you been here?’’ Questions Greg after a while.
‘’ A while, but we were out for a couple of days, up with some other survivors near the north side.’’ Explains Rick.
‘’ There’s more survivors?’’ I repeat, in complete shock.
‘’ Well of course there are!’’ Laughs Rosie. ‘’ It’s hardly just us and you lot left in the country!’’
‘’ Really?’’ Says Sinead, as excited to hear the news as the rest of us.
‘’ Yes.’’ Replies Paul with a grin. ‘’ What’s so hard to understand?’’
‘’ It’s just weird.’’ Explains Olivia. ‘’ It’s weird there are others living so close, but we can’t see or contact them.’’
‘’ Where are they set up?’’ Asks Greg. 
‘’ The lighthouse. Just past one of the residential areas to the northern side of town.’’ Explains Rick.
‘’ The old lighthouse?’’ Asks Simon.
‘’ I presume so.’’ Begins Rick. ‘’ None of us are from the town, except Rosie, but she only lived here for a few years as a child.’’
‘’ And even though I don’t remember much, I know an awful lot has changed since then.’’ Adds Rosie.
‘’ Mark.’’ Says Olivia taking me aside, I know exactly what she is going to say as I answer her.
‘’ What?’’ I reply, pretending to be clueless.
‘’ Mum and dad could be there.’’ She says hopefully.
‘’ I doubt it; they said they would come to the bank, which is a lot closer to our house than the lighthouse is. Why would they go there?’’ I say, trying to stop her from getting crushed on hope and also trying to prove her suggestion wrong before I start believing it too.
‘’ What if though?’’ She argues. ‘’ We should at least try it.’’
I don’t respond, I just turn back towards the group and try forgetting the thought for now.
‘’ Do you know of any other survivors?’’ Asks Sinead. ‘’ With proper doctors and soldiers to guard the area?’’
‘’ Yeah. Like the ones they said they were sending just before the electricity went.’’ Adds Olivia hopefully.
‘’ It’s all a load of bullshit.’’ Says Rosie gloomily. ‘’ They’re not coming. All that’s gone. It’s over.’’ 
‘’ But the last day they were broadcasting they-‘’ Begins Sinead, tears welling in her eyes as the sad truth begins to dawn on her, on all of us, but she is interrupted.
‘’ The last day they were broadcasting was months ago, surely the help would be here if it was coming. I’m telling you there is no one left that can help. We are on our own now.’’ Says Rick, his words really stinging.
‘’ Well, apart from the hundreds of rotters plaguing the streets threatening to break in and tear us limb from limb.’’ Adds Rosie dryly and I grin a bit.
‘’ What do you call them again, rotten?’’ Suggests Sinead.
‘’ Rotters.’’ Correct the four of them, almost in perfect unison.
‘’ What do you call them again?’’ Questions Rosie. 
‘’ Walkers.’’ Answers Sinead.
‘’ Walkers.’’ Repeats Rosie quietly, and then smiles.
‘’ I guess it’s just depends on the person.’’ Says the man with no name, the one that opened the door.
‘’ I’m sorry. What’s your name?’’ I ask him and he smiles.
‘’ Henry.’’ He replies. ‘’ And this is Rosie, Rick and Paul. We are travelling from place to place, slowly making our way towards the city, hoping to get others to join us as we move. If we want any chance in finding bigger numbers of survivors, that’s where they will be. Only problem is, where there are more survivors, there are more rotters so it will be dangerous.’’
‘’ Has nobody joined you yet? Surely this offer is too good to decline.’’ Says Greg, sounding suspicious. ‘’ I mean, look at all these weapons.’’
‘’ Yeah. There have been loads but most seem to drop out early, settling in quiet towns like this with other survivors, afraid of the dangerous journey ahead.’’ Answers Henry.
‘’ This isn’t a quiet town! There are walkers everywhere!’’ Argues Sinead. 
‘’ Put it this way.’’ Says Rosie, speaking to Sinead as if she is a child. ‘’ This town is a picnic at the park compared to some of the places we’ve seen.’’ 
Sinead remains silent, gulps once and doesn’t begin speaking again, she just listens.
‘’ When are you leaving town?’’ I ask.
‘’ Not until later on in the week.’’ Explains Rick. ‘’ We are making another trip up to the other survivors, plus we are going to see what we can scavenge from some of the residential areas, maybe some petrol from other vehicles.’’
I sense Olivia’s eyes burning into the back of my skull and turn around, seeing her face and knowing what she is thinking.
She nudges me and points to Rick, mouthing the word ‘ask’.
‘’ Would we be able to tag along with you to get to the lighthouse where there are others?’’ I ask politely and Greg shoots me a weary glance, he clearly doesn’t trust these people.
‘’ Of course you can! Any particular reason why though?’’ Smiles Henry. ‘’ If you don’t mind me asking.’’
‘’ No. Of course not. We are hoping to find our parents. We were split up from them and they could be there.’’ I explain.
‘’ We?’’ Says Rosie. ‘’ Are you two brother and sister?’’
‘’ Yeah.’’ Says both me and Olivia at the same time.
‘’ Oh. I thought you two were dating.’’ She grins. ‘’ Apologies.’’
We both slowly turn our heads towards each other, a look of disgust on both our faces but we are in a humorous mood at the same time, and we end up laughing.
‘’ We are twins!’’ I say. ‘’ She isn’t my girlfriend!’’
‘’ She has a name.’’ Adds Olivia.
‘’ Anyway.’’ Says Greg, interrupting our playful bickering. ‘’ The walkers seem to be dispersing, we best be going.’’
‘’ What?’’ Gasps almost everyone in the room, in complete and utter confusion at his statement. 
‘’ We just found more survivors and you want to leave?’’ Questions Sinead.
‘’ Well, we don’t want our friends and family to worry. After all, we are very close, it is only a few minutes away.’’ He continues.
‘’ Oh nonsense!’’ Laughs Henry, sensing mistrust and trying to be nice. ‘’ We couldn’t let you go back out there! At least not now, how about you stay here tonight, have some nice hot food and first thing in the morning we will escort you all back to the bank.’’
Greg stays silent, contemplating his options.
‘’ Food?’’ I repeat.
‘’ Hot food?’’ Adds Sinead.
‘’ That’s what the man said.’’ Smiles Olivia.
‘’ Yes, hot food. We have it. A lot of it, and you lot look starved.’’ Says Henry. ‘’ What do you say?’’
‘’ Alright.’’ Greg says and our hosts grin happily.
‘’ Wonderful.’’ Smiles Rick. ‘’ Paul, Henry, get the food on.’’
‘’ No problemo!’’ Smiles Henry and leads the way downstairs.
‘’ We’re on it boss.’’ Jokes Paul and the two laughing men disappear from view.
We sit down in a wide circle, and listen to Rick talk about how he ended up here with Paul, Henry and Rosie. His wife was killed very early on, one of the very first to die, she was on television and everything, way back before anyone anticipated how serious it was going to get. 
He explains that he was suicidal and how he thought he was one of the only ones left for a long time, but then he managed to join up with a larger survivors group in his town and they then eventually decided to head to the city. There were more of them at the start, but now there is just the four of them because of the casualties and the people that dropped off, choosing towns along the way to stay in. He then adds how they hope some of us join them.
‘’ You lost your wife. That’s sad.’’ Repeats Olivia. ‘’ What about your parents.’’
‘’ My mum, she died of cancer a long time ago, my dad...’’ He begins to explain, but then he shakes his head and silences.
‘’ So you and Olivia aren’t going out?’’ Whispers Rosie at me.
‘’ No! We’re twins!’’ I yell in a whisper, although mildly disgusted at the thought.
‘’ Well if she’s not your girlfriend, then who is?’’ She asks.
‘’ I don’t have one.’’ I reply and she cocks a confused eyebrow at me. ‘’ What?’’
‘’ How is such a handsome young man like you single?’’ She questions and I fight the urge to blush, although judging by her grin, it’s too late.
I don’t say anything, and neither does she but she edges closer towards me and places her hand on mine, rubbing her tongue along the bottoms of her top teeth seductively. I look up at her face, knowing I am without a doubt blushing, resembling somebody that’s been out in the sun too long, she just returns the look, smiling flirtatiously at me.
‘’ What age are you?’’ She asks.
‘’ Seventeen.’’ I reply after a few seconds, trying to make sure my voice doesn’t falter as I answer her.
‘’ Is that all? You look a lot older. I’m twenty three by the way, but I look a lot younger, don’t I?’’ She asks, joking with me and edging even closer, practically lying on me now.
‘’ Ehm...I...eh...’’ I falter; sweat pumping from me as it always does whenever I feel nervous or under pressure, and I shuffle uncomfortably beside her.
‘’ Dinner!’’ Yells a voice from down stairs.
‘’ Oh, that was quick.’’ I hear Rick say, as I suddenly tune back in to the larger conversation going on around me.
I quickly get to my feet and begin to walk downstairs, Rosie skipping along behind me, grinning playfully at me. My attention is torn away from her as the aroma of something long lost raises up through my nostrils.
‘’ Is that...’’ Begins Olivia, as if in a trance.
‘’ Pizza!’’ Yells Bruno, now leaping down the stairs taking them four at a time.
‘’ And chips.’ Adds Rick. 
‘’ Yes! Don’t forget the chips.’’ Laughs Paul.
Like a pack of walkers pursuing a group of helpless children, we run down the stairs, a stampede of salivating survivors, eager to taste something as luxurious as pizza again.
We are served three slices each, they are not home-made or anything, clearly from the supermarket, but still, they are devine and taste so much better then I remember them. I have no idea what is on the pizza and to be honest, I don’t really care. There are small green things, and I know I can taste chicken but I never have been one for watching what I eat, so I haven’t a clue about ingredients, as long as they taste good, I’m happy.
A handful of chips are tossed on the plate as well and there is a small dollop of ketchup sitting beside them. I find myself salivating even as I eat, as if this is just a very vivid day dream. However, as I take a look around, I see the others scoffing down their meals, I grin and cram a whole slice into my gob at once, eating it quickly yet still savouring each bite.
After we are done, we simply discard the paper plates into a large black plastic bag in the corner of the shop on the bottom floor, there are no leftovers, not even a splodge of ketchup, not a single crumb, everything was eaten – surprise, surprise!
We all gather on the top floor afterwards, where there are sleeping bags in abundance along with blankets and pillows. The mattresses and other stuff belonging to our hosts has been shifted upstairs to where the weapons are and we have been granted use of all the stuff left out for us, despite this Greg decides not to sleep. I climb into my sleeping bag and curl up into the foetus position – which is a lot more comfortable than it sounds!
 Olivia sleeps beside me, she curls up as I do, mimicking me and moves closer to me, for what she says is a sense of safety but I know it is to probably steal some body heat! I slowly shut my eyes, and keep them shut, the room around me is quiet, apart from someone whispering on the next floor but it is easily ignorable.
Within seconds, my exhaustion and battle fatigue becomes too much, and I quickly succumb to the darkness.

Chapter Seven
The following morning, I wake to a bright morning sun, shining through the glass windows above me. It shines in bright rays of light illuminating the small room. All around me are vacant sleeping bags; the others must be downstairs already.
I don’t hear any noise coming from the third floor, so I quietly pull the sleeping bag off me and sneak over to glance down at the others on the ground floor. Everyone apart from me seems to be downstairs. I move away from the edge and stand beside my sleeping bag, glancing at the stairs leading up to the third floor.
Are you really going to do this? Questions my inner voice. These people saved you, took you in, fed you, allowed you to stay the night and this is how you’re going to repay them?
I usher the voice aside, there is no way in hell they need all the weapons they have. They are just wasted resources. They would mean the world of a difference back at the bank. 
 I creep as quietly as I can to the next floor where the stash of food, weapons and medical supplies are stockpiled on the tables.
I move straight for the table of guns, and although I feel guilty, I pocket two small boxes of ammo and I shove a handgun down my crotch, wedging it between my pelvis and my trousers. 
You’re a thief. 
I also grab a dagger from the table next to the one with the guns on it. This time, I stick the dagger into my sock and hide the blade with my trousers. I pocket some disinfectant and some plasters as well, they will also come in very handy at the bank.
 I creep back down the stairs and return to where my sleeping bag is – nestled beside my backpack. I get to my knees and remove the gun, the ammo, the medical supplies and the dagger from myself. I place all of the stolen items onto my sleeping bag, roll it up and strap it back onto my bag. It’s impossible to tell they are even there. 
I sigh shamefully and slowly trudge downstairs to where the others are. Behind the deli counter are Rick and Paul preparing breakfast – what smells like bacon and toast, impossible! 
The rest of my accompaniment, along with Rosie are sprawled around the shop, either reading magazines or just exploring what was once such a big and bustling newsagents. The third of the men in Rosie’s group – Henry – isn’t in sight.
Rosie sits on a chair; her leather shin-high boots are crossed and balanced on a small coffee table as she reads a fashion magazine, the cover alive with pictures of supermodels. As I come down, she lowers the magazine, and looks at me seductively, biting down on her bottom lip and grinning.
‘’ Morning sleepy head.’’ She smiles at me before I have a chance to avoid her.
‘’ Hi.’’ I smile falsely but convincingly back at her, trying to sound nice.
‘’ Good sleep?’’ She continues.
‘’ Yeah.’’ I reply honestly.
‘’ So, about last night.’’ She begins with a smile across her face.
 ‘’ Where’s the bathroom?’’ I ask suddenly, trying to end the conversation before it begins.
She grins, gets to her feet and tosses the magazine onto the table, it slides off and falls to the floor but she ignores it and grabs my hand. ‘’ Follow me, I’ll show you.’’
Rosie drags me along by the hand after her, leading me through the shop and into a small room behind the counter I didn’t even know existed. She doesn’t mention anything else about last night – thankfully! 
‘’ It’s unisex. Hope you don’t mind.’’ She grins and loosens her grip on my hand.
‘’ That’s fine. Thanks.’’ I smile. 
The small room I am in is situated between the main room of the newsagents and the bathroom. It is a very plain room with faded white walls and large but empty cardboard boxes. I open the bathroom entrance and step inside, quickly locking the door behind me to prevent Rosie from joining me.
It is surprisingly clean, considering the state the world is in; the black tiled floor is clean, not as much as a water droplet to blemish it, the walls have small photographs hung in wooden frames, pictures of scenes of nature and the inside of the toilet is blue – some toilet cleaning detergent. The toilet roll holder has an outer box round it – to prevent the paper from getting dirty or splashed with water - and there are three soap dispensers along the sink, coconut, jasmine and some other word too big and foreign looking to pronounce. 
I grin to myself as I realise my brain is slowly turning to mush. How long has it been since I studied a Shakespearean play in English class, or memorized Irish verbs for tests? And don’t even get me started on those pesky math theorems! So many wasted hours learning useless stuff that has given me no advantage in this new world. What would have come in handy would have been home economics, metalwork or a crash course in zombie survival!
I sit down on the toilet seat, however before I can get started, there is a piercing shriek of terror from inside the shop on the opposite side of the bathroom door – Olivia. I jump to my feet, pulling up my trousers up as I am in the air and rush to the door. 
I unlock it quickly and leap through it as fast as humanly possible. I reach the main part of the shop and stop in my tracks, the scene unravelling before me is too shocking to comprehend and I stand frozen on the spot, watching everything play out.
 In front of me, I see my companions and my hosts scrambling for the stairs, up to where the beds and weapons are. In pursuit of them are about twenty walkers and more are joining the horde, all entering the shop via the back exit we used last night.
My jaw hits the floor and I am overcome with fear, paralysis consumes me. I am unable to budge from where I stand, somehow though, the walkers haven’t spotted me. I see Simon, who is bringing up the rear of those running upstairs fall as he sprints up the stairs, his face smashes hard against the edge of one of the steps. As it impacts, I can almost hear the crack of the bones and his nose immediately begins to spill blood.
He remains on his face for a second, and then slowly lifts himself up, there is blood gushing from his nose and mouth, causing the walkers to speed up, frantically grabbing for Simon at the sight of blood.
Simon tries getting to his feet, but before he has a chance, the first of the walkers reach him. They grab him around the ankle and pull him towards them, further away from his only chance of surviving, the guns. He screams in terror as a walker digs its teeth into the muscle of his lower leg, ripping into it viciously and pulling out a large clump of skin. He cries out in agony as more join in, but then there are gunshots.
 Two walkers, the ones digging into Simon’s flesh fall backwards, small red circles forming on the centre of their foreheads. As they fall, they knock over a few others, like a set of dominos. 
I gasp as one of the walkers notice me, as she turns to face me she seems to smile and then begins hobbling towards me. She is hideous, probably one of the earlier infected ones, because there is a large portion of skin missing from her jaw, allowing you to see right into her mouth. Her dirty hair is almost completely gone, her scab covered scalp almost as bald as a boiled egg – a rotting, two month old one at that! 
She wears a pink nightgown, and matching fluffy slippers, however the toe area of one is torn open, so the small bit left of her right foot sticks out. Her skin is covered in boils and cuts, the area around them either a dark yellow shade or black, the cuts are infested with small maggots, eating away at her flesh, though she doesn’t seem to notice.
‘’ Mark!’’ Yells Rosie from the stairs, as her and the others begin to work their way down, at least forty walkers now in the shop. ‘’ There is a gun in the bathroom! Where the toilet paper is! Get it and protect yourself, we are coming to get you!’’
I nod and retreat quickly into the room, slamming the door behind me and immediately wishing I hadn’t, knowing it is just going to attract more attention. Unfortunately there are no locks on the door, so all I can do is close it over.
Before I even reach the bathroom door, the door behind me bursts open and a seemingly endless string of walkers begin to enter the room. Blood drips from their mouths and wounds, there blank white eyes stare in my direction hungrily – as if I’m the best thing they’ve seen all day. I jump into the bathroom and slam the door shut, bolting the two un-sturdy looking locks quickly, knowing they are going to do little against my foes.
I try sticking my hand up inside the toilet paper dispenser, but it doesn’t fit so I try pulling it open. I put my hand onto the edge of it, getting a firm grip and I try prying it off, however again, to no avail. 
I grab the lid of the box you rest your back against when using the toilet – I never have known what it was called, or it’s real function – and smash it into the toilet-paper dispenser, blowing it to pieces.  
The walkers on the opposite side of the door smash hard against it, as if throwing their bodies at it at full force, and I hear the wood beginning to splinter after just a few seconds. I back up; standing with my back to the wall and I hold the gun up in front of me, ready for them.
There are gunshots from the opposite side of the door, and thuds as bodies hit the ground, although they are hard to hear over the pounding of bloody fists against the bathroom door in front of me. I raise the gun up, ready to fire, presuming I know how – I have never actually fired a gun.
 Despite my training with Greg, we didn’t fire the guns as it was a waste of precious bullets, although I know it in theory, I may not be prepared for the practise itself. They don’t seem too hard though, after all, the wide variety of shooting games that were played by teenagers just like me before the infection make me a zombie killing machine. 
The door begins to bend inwards; it’s only a matter of seconds before they get inside. I take a deep breath and aim my gun steadily, waiting for them to enter. Gunshots continue on the opposite side of the door.
Hurry up! Pleads my inner voice.
Without warning, the door bursts open, the locks useless against the sheer force of the walkers, the woman in her nightgown leads the horde. I fire the gun. The force of firing the bullet causes the gun to jolt backwards slightly, something I hadn’t anticipated and the bullet misses, sailing over the walkers head and hitting the wall. 
I aim again, the bullet impacts the woman’s throat and completely tears through her skin, coming out the other side and hitting another in the chest, causing it to slow down a bit. 
The woman falls forwards, landing hard on her face and I smash my hiking boot hard down on her head, causing it to implode, my shoe disappearing in a sticky mess of red. The other walkers continue towards me, slowly but surely climbing over the woman’s dead body– if that is what she can be classed as – their stenches even more disgusting up this close.
 I fire again, this time hitting my target square in the face, sending it falling backwards and taking a few others down with it. I fire again; my bullet hits a male walker in the chest, where its lungs should be. It falters for a split second, obviously unaffected then continues towards me. I continue to fire, however I seem to be making very little progress.
I fire again. 
Click. Click.
 No ammo. 
‘’ Shit!’’ I scream at the top of my voice, tossing the gun as hard as I can at the skull of one of the walkers – regretting it immediately. ‘’ Someone help me!’’
This is it.
These three words explode in my mind, terribly loud and even more so real. Surely it’s not my time to die. I find myself tearing up. I can’t leave Olivia, and I still have to find my parents. This isn’t fair, this isn’t how I end.
 The walkers obviously think otherwise, moving hungrily towards me. Just as the closest one is about to reach me, and I have my arms raised defensively in front of my face, there is a whizzing noise and a bolt pierces from the skin of its forehead. The body falls, and from behind the now small group of walkers, I see Rick, clutching his crossbow. He fires two more shots unbelievably quick, and the two walkers in front of me drop to the floor. 
‘’ You OK?’’ He asks. ‘’ They didn’t bite you did they?’’
‘’ No.’’ I answer immediately, wiping my eyes.
‘’ Thank God.’’ He mutters. ‘’ One bite is bad enough.’’
It takes me a moment to process his words until a thought suddenly occurs to me. ‘’ Simon.’’
‘’ He’s still alive, but I don’t think he has long left.’’ Says Rick, after a moment’s thought ‘’ Quick! There are more coming in from outside, we need to get back to the others.’’
He hands me a small handgun and we sprint across the shop, Rosie and Paul cover us from behind, making sure no walkers get too close to us.
 As we run through the ranks of walkers around us, they fire, and bodies thud to the ground around us, the shop becoming a warzone as the number of bodies littering it increase. We reach the stairs, I notice Greg, Bruno lifting Simon up them, holding him gently and moving carefully as they are covered from below by Sinead and Olivia.
We begin to make our way up the stairs, moving backwards, with our guns and fronts facing the walkers below us the whole time. It seems every time one walker goes down, three more rush to take its place as more and more are attracted in from the streets by the raging gunfire.
 The uncountable number of walkers is ever increasing, and the stairs begins to flood with them as they all rush hungrily after us. We line along the railing of the second floor, looking down on the shop and then we fire down at them. The walkers drop one by one as we open fire on the shop floor, but it seems that no matter how many we take down, there are plenty to take their places. 
‘’ It’s no use.’’ Yells Rosie. ‘’ They are going to reach us in a matter of time if we don’t think of something, all we are doing is wasting ammo. There’s too many of them and too few of us.’’
‘’ She’s right.’’ Admits Greg, although he offers no solution.
‘’ Guys! They’re rushing there stairs!’’ Warns Paul with a scream.
‘’ Everyone get to the stairs! Focus only on the walkers here. They are the immediate threat!’’ Yells Rick and begins to shoot at the closest walkers, almost halfway up the stairs.
We all run to join him, and I can’t help but noticing how our formation resembles an old class photo; the smaller ones among us get down on one knee, whilst the taller ones stand behind us. The only difference between us and an average class photo are the guns equipped in our hands and the blood splattered across our clothing and faces.
 In a symphony of bangs, bullets whiz through the air and slice through the walkers, knocking them down to the ground, their supposed allies trampling them to get to us, not paying attention to what they are crushing beneath them.
There is a moan of pain from behind us; Simon is lying on the ground with Sinead and Olivia sitting beside him. After a few moments, I hear Sinead begin to sob behind me, and glance over, Simon has gone still. 
‘’ What do we do?’’ Asks Olivia warily as Sinead continues to cry.. ‘’ He’s dead. How long do we have before-‘’ 
Before she can finish her sentence, Rick turns around towards them and fires a bolt from his crossbow. He sends it firing straight through Simon’s skull and then gives the two girls a sympathetic and apologetic look. He quickly turns back and continues firing at the approaching walkers. Sinead continues to sob, she was close to Simon, I think they may have possibly been dating.
‘’ They are getting closer. Let’s head up to the third floor!’’ Yells Paul.
‘’ But we’d only be cornering ourselves.’’ Argues Greg.
‘’ Well what else do you propose we do?’’ Yells Paul aggressively – his fear clearly getting the better of him – and runs upstairs. I quickly follow, as do the others.
Suddenly, there is a deafening explosion from downstairs, on the bottom floor of the building there is a shattering of glass. Most of the walkers stop in their tracks momentarily, to see what the racket is - as do we. There is gunfire from downstairs and walkers begin to fall to the floor.
‘’ They’ve come to save us!’’ Yells Olivia. 
‘’ Well, let’s keep shooting then, they can’t do this alone!’’ Instructs Greg.
We slowly start making our way down the stairs, firing at the walkers as we do so. Our rescuers take them out from the bottom, so the numbers begin dwindling quickly. We move in unison downwards as we fire, moving closer and closer to our saviours.
 ‘’ It’s Jane!’’ Yells Sinead.
‘’ Don’t forget your big sis’.’’ Shouts a voice from the ground floor of the building, Siobhan.
In a few moments, there are just a handful left, and we easily pick them off, as the last walker finally hits the ground, I take a long and grateful look at our rescue party. They must have heard gunshots, as the walkers did, and when they saw the horde, they could guess it was us. 
Lee and James, two of the young men that usually guard the roof with Simon are there with Jane, a member of the usual scouting team and Siobhan - Sinead’s older sister.
Sinead sprints down the flight of stairs and dives into her arms as if it’s been a week since they’ve seen each other, I guess I’d be the same though if that was myself and Olivia. 
‘’ How did you know it was us?’’ Asks Greg.
‘’ Had a feeling, knew you couldn’t have gotten far.’’ Grins Jane and gives a double hug, one arm wrapped around Greg, the other around Bruno – although Bruno doesn’t seem too happy about this at all, he grunts and pulls away from her.
‘’ Only problem is we used up the last of our ammo.’’ Adds Lee. ‘’ Everything is gone now.’’
‘’ Yeah. We’re kinda screwed now.’’ Adds Siobhan.
‘’ Well there won’t be a problem with that anymore, there are two tanks belonging to the army, and an ambulance in the car park, we can head down there later when we get back if you’d like.’’ Explains Greg.
‘’ Where is Simon?’’ Asks Lee, and we all freeze. 
Upon studying our faces, he quickly puts two and two together and his face drops to the floor.
‘’ No...’’
Sinead takes Siobhan, Lee and Simon upstairs, both were very good friends with him – having spent so much time guarding on the roof of the bank together.
‘’ I’ll go make sure they’re all dead.’’ Mutters Paul and disappears down the stairs.
 ‘’ How exactly did they get in here?’’ Asks Olivia after everyone quietens down, and all eyes turn towards Rick and Rosie, who shift uncomfortably with the pressure.
‘’ I don’t know. Henry said he was going to get something from the car to me.’’ Explains Rick.
‘’ He just didn’t come back in.’’ Adds Rosie. ‘’ Probably got attacked and was forced to hide.’’
‘’ Seems a little bit sketchy if you ask me.’’ Mutters Bruno behind me to Greg, and to my astonishment, Greg nods in agreement with him.
‘’ Rick. You might want to come see this.’’ Shouts Paul from downstairs.
Rick moves down the stairs and towards the man, we all follow him.
We all head out the back, to where the van we were rescued in is parked, the back metal door that slides up and down is wide open, all the contents of the van in view, mostly spare clothing, things that wouldn’t really matter if the van was robbed. Not as much as it would if the food or weapons were taken.
In front of the van, sprawled out on the ground are the remains of a man. His clothes are blood permeated, and his face is hardly recognisable as human, crushed inwards, as if something very large was used to bash his head in, a very large rock perhaps.
 His visible skin is covered in teeth marks that dig deeply into his flesh; already infected-looking wounds plague his arms. The skin around the wounds is black and bloody. His eyes are open, however they are lifeless, his pupils dilated and rolled upwards, towards the back of his head.
Rosie lets out a sob, and drops to her knees, clasping the bloody fabric of his shirt in one hand, touching his cheek lightly with the other, his state clearly not bothering her. She begins to sob gently. Rick bends down and wraps a comforting arm around her shoulder as she begins to shake.
I almost leap out of my skin as a gun is fired beside me, the head of Henry spasms, splattering blood all over the ground as a small bullet hole appears on his forehead. Rosie lets out a shrike, but Rick pulls her away from Henry.
‘’ Why did you do that!?’’ Roars Rosie angrily, tears freely streaming down her face.
‘’ You know he did the right thing.’’ He whispers softly. ‘’ Now he will rest peacefully, forever.’’
She nods slowly, tears streaking down her face, some catching just above her lip or at the end of her chin, the others escape and fall to the ground, splashing silently, mixing with Henry’s blood. We all head back inside, the door is shut behind us and we all congregate in the main part of the newsagents.
‘’ Here’s the plan.’’ Begins Rick. ‘’ We are going to escort you all back, and with your permission we would like to talk with your group, telling them where exactly we will be heading soon, and if they would like to join us. We’re going to go earlier than we expected I’d say, in a few days maybe. We will be heading to the opposite side of town, to the other survivors, collecting anyone over there that wishes to join. We have already spoken to them about it. We will then leave for the city, most likely not coming back for a long time, if at all.’’
‘’ Sounds fair.’’ Replies Greg. 
‘’ Yup.’’ Adds Rosie and then as a collective, we head upstairs to pack our gear.
I make sure to carefully pack away my sleeping bag – the one wrapped around the stolen gun – and when all my gear is packed, including my torch, my walkie talkie, the medical supplies I managed to snag from the ambulance yesterday and my sleeping gear, I head back downstairs.
‘’ Do you think we should go with them?’’ Whispers Olivia quietly to me as we move towards the ground floor. ‘’ Mum and dad could be there waiting for us.’’
‘’ I think it wouldn’t hurt giving it a go, we would be safe with these people, but Olivia don’t get your hopes up, you know how low the likeliness of them being alive is.’’ I reply in an equally hushed voice.
 ‘’ Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!’’ She yells crazily at me, jumping with joy.
‘’ Relax.’’ I smile.
We take a seat and wait for the others to come, most are still upstairs. Over by the counter, I see Rosie. She is slumped against it sobbing into her tissue.
‘’ I’ll be right back.’’ I say and head towards Rosie, she attempts to smile at me when she sees me but I can still sense her sorrow.
‘’ I really didn’t think he was dead. He just seemed like a real survivor, I thought he’d long outlive me.’’ She explains, snot running down from her nose and intertwining with her tears. She quickly wipes them away with her tissue and sniffs up.
‘’ He did seem very nice.’’ I smile, putting my arm on her shoulder, not really knowing what to say since I didn’t know him that much.
‘’ It was my fault.’’ She stammers through a sob, her voice quivering and fresh tears streaming down her face.
‘’ No, Rosie don’t –‘’ I begin, but she cuts me off.
‘’ He asked me to help him out at the van, and I told him I’d be out in a second, but I didn’t go out. I kept reading my stupid bloody magazine. He was overpowered Mark, if I was there I could have saved him. It is my fault he’s dead. It is.’’ She interrupts.
‘’ How were you to know?’’ I say, and she wipes her nose again. ‘’ Just keep his memory alive, never forget him.’’ 
‘’ I haven’t lost anyone before, in this way. My dad died when I was young, and thankfully my mum died a few years ago, so she never had to see this, but they died of natural causes, this is basically murder. I feel shit.’’ She continues. ‘’ I just thought he’d be able to handle it, you know?’’
‘’ Rosie. Listen to me.’’ I say firmly to her, grabbing hold of her by the shoulders and staring her in her eyes – now red and puffy from all the crying she has been doing.
 Her eyes are a bright green colour, very dashing; I am surprised this hasn’t caught my attention before. She stares back at me, bites her lip gently, innocently, vulnerably and leans towards me, closing her eyes. I mimic her, our lips meet and we kiss. We start slowly, I feel almost afraid of hurting Rosie even more but quickly the kiss gets more intense.
I place my left hand on her hip, my right around the back of her head, stroking back her hair from her ear and feeling her warm skin against my hand. Both her hands are behind my back, pulling me closer to her. I can feel the burn of her tears against my face, a few still falling from her eyes.
 We slowly pull away, and when I open my eyes slowly, she stares back at me, the remains of tears still sitting by her tear ducts.
I realise now, I think I may like her. Like, like like her. This side of her though, this is the one I like; the innocent side that is vulnerable, gentle and unguarded. This side is a lot more attractive. Not like the cocky, flirtatious, tough or brave side. Both sides of her are so different, and I both love and hate the respective sides.
I hear someone clear their throat behind us, and I slowly turn around, everyone, and I mean everyone, is silent, grinning and staring in our direction.
 Exactly how long were we kissing for? Questions my inner voice.
‘’ If you two are done, we’d all like to get a move on.’’ Explains Olivia.
I glance at Rosie and she smiles at me, her tears gone and the evidence they were ever there slowly but surely disappearing. She gently and cautiously slips her hand into mine; as if afraid I won’t accept it. Despite what she may think, I clutch her hand firmly, giving it a quick and reassuring squeeze which she returns.
 ‘’ Coming.’’ 

Chapter Eight
The street is reasonably quiet considering the sheer size of the horde we have just fought off. It’s probably this quiet because most of the walkers were inside the building attacking us as opposed to wandering through the streets. Nevertheless, we cautiously persist along the pathway, the stench of blood and guts fresh in the air as it was in the earlier days of the disease.
‘’ It’s very quiet, you think we killed many of the walkers in the town?’’ Asks Olivia hopefully.
‘’ Don’t be stupid; there is no way that even made a dent. I’m sorry to be crushing your ember of hope, but you need to be realistic to survive out here.’’ Says Paul, making her out to be stupid – something that normally doesn’t go down too well with her.
Much to my surprise, Olivia remains quiet, continuing with her head down. Before I get a change to tell him that hope is the very thing that helps you survive out here, Rick falls into step with Olivia and I hear him whisper comforting things to her.
‘’ Don’t mind him.’’ He says while patting her gently on the shoulder. ‘’ He was close to Henry and he’s angry with himself for not being there, that’s all.’’
I see her nod and then smile weakly back at him. ‘’ Thanks.’’
‘’ So, do you think you and your sister will come with us to the city?’’ Asks Rosie, jogging a bit from the back of the group to catch up with me.
‘’ Maybe.’’ I say. ‘’ We will definitely be going to other survivors, I’m not exactly sure if we’ll be going to city yet, I’ll have to talk to Robert.’’
‘’ Who’s Robert?’’ She questions, sounding interested.
‘’ He’s one of the leaders of our group; he’s like the father of our family of survivors. Him and Greg took lead early on, it suited them and everyone was happy for them to take control.’’ I explain. ‘’ They are both very good at keeping everyone calm.’’
‘’ Well that’s exactly what you need to survive. Everything seems to have been magnified since society crumbled, the smallest of things can make people flip.’’ She explains and I feel my gaze fall on Bruno.
I nod in agreement.
 ‘’ Well I’m sure that Robert will be happy to join us if you all do decide to come along.’’
‘’ I’m not sure we’re ready to leave the town yet, Olivia and I want to check our house first, just to be sure are parents aren’t there and it’s in the opposite direction to the lighthouse.’’ I continue.
‘’ We’re not actually heading out of town that way; we are just collecting the survivors and then doubling back through the town. I’m sure it wouldn’t be a problem for you two to tag along as far as your house with us. If you want to come along with us from there you can, although you’ll have to make your own way back to the town if you don’t.’’ She suggests. 
‘’ Really?’’ I smile, interested in her proposition. ‘’ We could?’'
‘’ Yeah. I’ll have to double-check that with Rick later, but I don’t see why it’d be a problem.’’ She explains.
We climb the steps of the bank and from the roof; Robert stands alone with a small handgun in his hand – taking the places of all three absent guards. He smiles as we climb the steps and disappears from sight for a few seconds. He then reappears on the bottom floor of the building and the first set of sliding glass doors slowly open, a lot slower than usual. The second doors then do the same, dragging as if the floor beneath them was made of sandpaper.
‘’ What’s up with the doors?’’ Asks Greg.
‘’ The generator, she almost out.’’ Says Robert quickly, shrugging off our questions and firing frantic ones of his own. ‘’ More importantly, where were you overnight? Are you alright? No one’s hurt are they? ’’
‘’ With these people.’’ Replies Greg. ‘’ They saved our asses.’’ 
‘’ Come on inside.’’ Invites Robert, gesturing with his hands.
We file into the bank, the rest of the survivors coming to greet us and run happily to their friends, relieved they are still alive. Then, once everyone has happily greeted each other, Greg steps forward and the group automatically stands in a large semi-circle around him.
‘’ These people we have brought back with us are not stay, they are here to give you their proposition, when they do I ask you to respect them and listen. But first, you may have noticed that Simon did not come back with us. We lost him today along with another man belonging to this group. In honour of our fallen friends, I am asking for a minute’s silence to honour them.’’ 
As Greg finishes, the group of people plunges into silence. I notice a few people shedding tears for Simon – mostly Sinead – he was a very nice man. After a few more minutes, Greg stands forward again. 
‘’ These guys have a proposition for us, not all of you will be interested, but I ask you give them the respect they deserve, they are the reason we are still alive.’’ Says Greg, and we are lead into the conference room we have been using as a dining hall.
We all take our seats whilst Rosie, Rick and Paul stand at the top of the room, where once businessmen and women probably did presentations for their work colleagues, such a bizarre idea nowadays!
‘’ Hello. My names Rick, this is Paul and to my left here is Rosie.’’ He begins, the room is silent. ‘’ We have been travelling for some time now; we started off way inland, in the countryside and we are headed to the city. We have been stationed here for about a week and we will be moving on very soon, so we were wondering if anyone would be interested in coming with us.’’
Nobody replies, but he remains silent for a moment to allow individual brooding.
‘’ We will be headed first to the ‘old lighthouse’, as one of your group called it yesterday, where we will be collecting some people that have shown interest in joining us.’’ He continues, but is interrupted by excited chattering.
‘’ There are others?’’ Gasps Caroline.
‘’ How many are there?’’ Asks Lee.
‘’ How long have they been there?’’ Questions Leah.
All three of them asking questions consecutively before Rick can even think about the first.
‘’ Quiet guys. Leave the questions until the end. Let the man finish.’’ Laughs Robert, restoring the order, and just like they do every time Robert or Greg speaks, they listen.
‘’ Well, there are about twenty of them. I am not sure how long they have been stationed there but I presume they have been there since the beginning.’’ He answers. ‘’ Not all of them, but a few did show interest in joining us. Let me make one thing clear though, the city may mean more survivors, but that will also mean more rotters.’’
Upon studying the faces of the dumbstruck listeners, Rosie smiles. ‘’ That’s what we call the walkers, as you have christened them.’’
‘’ Anyway, the journey will not be easy. We will lose people, just like morning.’’ Continues Rick.
 ‘’ I would just like to reiterate, although your safety may be better in the long run, when and if we find somewhere safe in the city, it will be a dangerous journey, and not for everyone. Shortly, myself, Rick, Rosie and any of you that wish to join us will be headed over to the other survivors to collect those interested. Will be back here in a few days to collect anyone that wishes to join us in moving to the city.’’
There is another short period of silence as Rick’s proposition sinks in, people stay silent, either contemplating it silently in their heads or too afraid to speak. However, after a few moments, Robert steps up in front of us.
‘’ Thank you Rick for your kind offer, me and my people will think about it. You are welcome to stay here for as long as necessary.’’ He smiles and Rick nods understandingly.
‘’ How exactly are we going to get there? Do we have vehicles or what?’’ Asks Lee from around the middle of the table.
‘’ We have a van, a seven seater and a car, we are hoping to find maybe two more and we have at least a week’s worth of petrol for each of the three vehicles at the moment, it’s really just a matter of taking petrol from other cars as we move.’’ Explains Rick.
‘’ What about the roads?’’ Asks Samuel. ‘’ Surely they are a jammed with cars, there’s no way you’d get a clear path.’’
‘’ Well, we were thinking about this factor for a very long time but we figured it out. When this whole thing kicked off, the cities were first hit, so people were rushing to get out of them as opposed to into them. The roads on the way out are fucked, but those leading in have to be empty.’’ Explains Paul, and Rick nods in agreement.
A few of the women seem to be shocked with Paul’s use of profanities, they raise their eyebrows warningly as if he is a child.
‘’ What about the people that were heading into the city to go to their family members?’’ Questions Siobhan. ‘’ I know of a few people who did that.’’
‘’ Well, there are bound to be some cars on the roads in, but not that many.’’ Answers Rick. ‘’ We’ll be able to shift them out of our way.’’
 ‘’ Sounds like a plan.’’ Smiles Siobhan, Sinead nodding in agreement beside her, eyes still red from crying.
‘’ You don’t have to make your decision just yet, we will come back around tomorrow on our way out of town.’’ Says Rick. ‘’ Don’t feel like you have to make your decision now.’’
‘’ When are you going to the other survivors?’’ Asks Olivia. ‘’ Me and Mark want to come.’’
‘’ Yes. I was talking to Mark before. Both of you are welcome to join us if it is what you wish.’’ Smiles Rosie, for once Olivia returns the smile, although I know it is because what Rosie is saying, not because her opinion of her is changing. Olivia never has got on with previous girlfriends of mine, never liked any of them.
‘’ We will be leaving in about thirty minutes, we just want to head back to ours, pack some supplies and we will be back in a half hour.’’ Smiles Rick. ‘’ Thank you all for your attention, we hope you consider the offer.’’
Robert, Lee and James escort them to the door. The rest of us remain in the conference room, in silence. After a few minutes the three of them return.
‘’ What do you all make of this?’’ Asks Robert. ‘’ I know what I’ve said previously about leaving town, but I go back on those words, the generator is almost out, and we will be trapped if that goes. Plus, this town hasn’t got much more to offer us, we need to be thinking about the future. I know I’m an old geezer, and my days are numbered, but we have children among us, they deserve a better life than this.’’ 
‘’ Don’t count yourself out like that.’’ I reply. ‘’ You’re one of our strongest mentally.’’
‘’ Well brains aren’t enough to survive nowadays.’’ Counters Robert. ‘’ You need to be fit as well.’’
‘’ You once told me our brains and humanity is what separates us from them.’’ I continue.
‘’ Touché.’’ Laughs Robert.
‘’ Why are we even discussing this?’’ Asks Bruno. ‘’ I think it’s a stupid idea.’’ 
‘’ You’re not going?’’ Asks Sinead.
‘’ Of course not! I don’t trust these people.’’ He replies, as if the answer is obvious.
‘’ Bruno, they saved our lives, twice! If they were going to do something, why would they save us?’’ Questions Olivia. ‘’ It makes no sense.’’
‘’ Shut up girlie, no one gives a shit what you have to say. So stop being a know it all little bitch.’’ Snaps Bruno and turns his back to Olivia.
‘’ Don’t speak to her like that!’’ I warn, clenching my fists.
‘’ Enough.’’ Says Robert, although nobody seems to listen.
‘’ I agree with her.’’ Says Greg calmly, trying to ease the tension.
‘’ What?’’ Barks Bruno. ‘’ Are you stupid?’’
‘’ Stop being such an asshole!’’ Yells Sinead, fresh tears brimming in her eyes. ‘’ Would it kill you to show some sensitivity for one bloody minute!?’’ 
‘’ I’ve said it to you before blondie, and I’ll say it again. You are a woman, I couldn’t care less what you think.’’ He spits in response. ‘’ So keep your mouth shut.’’
‘’ Quiet!’’ Says Robert loudly without being demeaning. The whole room silences. ‘’ Bruno, there is no need to act like a hooligan; you’re a grown man so act like one for once. Shouting at one another and being unnecessarily sexist will get us nowhere.’’
‘’ Screw this. I’m sick of this bullshit! Come on Jane.’’ He says, getting to his feet and stomping like a child from the room. Jane gets to his feet and begins after him.
‘’ Jane! Come back. Don’t go with him.’’ Calls Siobhan.
‘’ Don’t listen to him.’’ Warns Olivia.
‘’ Jane!’’ Calls Greg.
Jane doesn’t look back, she runs after Bruno whilst letting out gentle sobs. After a few moments, Greg runs after her and also disappears from the room.
‘’ Greg will handle that, for now we need to discuss this.’’ Instructs Robert. ‘’ They will be back soon. Please, raise your hand if you are against leaving here, we need to settle this.’’
Most of the room raise their hands.
‘’ Please explain your doubt.’’ He requests simply.
‘’ Caroline and I have daughters to look after, I know they are twelve years old but that is a very young age in today’s world, and I’m not sure if they’d be safe out there.’’ Explains Leah.
‘’ I see you point.’’ Admits Robert. ‘’ No disrespect intended, but they aren’t much safer in here. I mean, at any time we could be attacked, swarmed from all sides and we all know we won’t be able to hold them off forever if that does happen.’’
‘’ Also, with the generator running low, we are going to have to use the back door we barricaded off in the early days, and that doesn’t seem in any way sturdy, even with the barricade up.’’ Adds Siobhan.
‘’ Agreed.’’ Say a few of us together.
‘’ Let’s have a vote on it maybe, just to get an idea of what people are thinking.’’ Suggests Robert.
‘’ All for us going with them, raise your hand.’’ He begins.
I, along with Olivia, Siobhan, Sinead, Lee and Robert himself raise their hands. A few others keep their hands down, mostly the young ones that don’t really know what’s happening. A few others just shake their hands in either indifference or indecisiveness, not really sure of what to choose.
‘’ I know what some of you are thinking and I understand and agree completely, this will not be easy nor will it be safe, but I think we stand a better shot if there are more of us, and I know that it will pay off in the end because I believe we will find others. We will find a safer place. We will survive.’’ Explains Robert inspirationally – something I have found him to be good at is motivational speaking; he always gets people’s confidence levels up and gives them a sense of security.
‘’ You really have a way with words, I’ll give you that.’’ Laughs Sinead, and for once in a good while, the mood of the group lightens, and we smile.
‘’ Ok.’’ Says Leah, still sounding slightly unsure. ‘’ I suppose it’s a safer option.’’
‘’ Excellent!’’ Beams Robert happily. ‘’ What about you Caroline?’’
She shrugs her shoulders. ‘’ I’m not sure, Mia wouldn’t be safe, what if I got separated from her?’’ 
‘’ Don’t worry, I will personally do all in my power to make sure that doesn’t happen.’’
‘’ Ok.’’ Says Caroline. ‘’ I suppose.’’
‘’ So is everyone in?’’ He questions, just to make sure.
‘’ What about Bruno?’’ Asks Olivia. 
‘’ What about him?’’ Questions Robert. ‘’ He’s nothing but a downer anyway!’’ 
Again, that surprisingly, gains a laugh from the group.
‘’ OK then, better start packing everyone! They should be back in about twenty minutes.’’ Smiles Robert and we disperse.
I fill my larger day pack with all my supplies, and into it, I put my new thermal sleeping bag – only upon comparing it to my old one have I realised its advantages – my clothes and water bottles and finally the handgun and two boxes of ammo I stole from Rick’s supply.
Thief. Mutters my inner voice, however I ignore it.
 I also pack some energy bars I snatched from the supermarket - the trick to fitting loads in is getting rid of as much packaging as possible. Although I have packed the bag to the brim and it is rather heavy, I have also taken some precautions to ensure if I have to dump the bag, I won’t be completely helpless, by attaching one of the handguns to my belt and a box of ammo in my largest coat pocket.
I help Olivia pack the same; she refuses the gun, but takes lots of food and clothing that she said she was given by Rick and Rosie. She too has packed a lot of water, her new sleeping bag and some medical supplies, the ones we snagged from the ambulance yesterday and she also packs some lighters, just in case.
We head back to the main entrance hall, most likely turning our backs on the safe - that has acted as our living quarters since the whole thing began - forever. Most of the others are waiting at the main entrance area for everyone else to get ready, and I see Rick, Paul and Rosie out front.
‘’ Why aren’t they coming in?’’ I ask.
‘’ I don’t think the generator can take it, it’s almost completely out of juice. I’d say after this time, we won’t get another shot, once it closes behind us, that’s it.’’ Explains Robert.
‘’ It’s gonna be sad leaving this place.’’ Says Caroline. ‘’ It’s kinda been like a home to us, and you’ve been a great family to both me and Mia. So thank you all.’’
‘’ I agree. It’s been a pleasure living with you all.’’ Adds Siobhan, tears again welling in her already red and swollen eyes.
‘’ Stop this talk, all of you.’’ Says Robert with a frown on his face. ‘’ It is not the building that makes a house a home, it is the wonderful people within. We may have to move from here, but we are taking all the best things with us.’’ 
‘’ We know that, but we can’t presume we’ll all make it to the next place.’’ Says Lee honestly, saying aloud what we are all thinking. ‘’ You know how it can be out there.’’ 
As he finishes speaking, before anyone can reply, there is a scream and then a gunshot from one of the conference rooms.
‘’ Jane.’’ Gasps Olivia.
‘’ Greg.’’ Adds Sinead.
‘’ Bruno.’’ I mutter angrily. ‘’ Stay here.’’ I order, taking my gun from my belt, dropping the back and sprinting down the hallway towards the noise.
I move quickly down the hall, following the noises of Jane’s sobs. I pass the room we had the meeting in earlier and I come to the food room. I step into the doorway with my gun raised but what I see before me makes me lower the gun.
In front of me, Jane lies in a heap on the floor, sobbing and crying loudly. Greg is sitting on the ground beside her, his arm wrapped around her in a protective and comforting way. There is a gun lying on the floor beside him. 
My eyes move across the room until I find Bruno. The man is on the floor, a red hole punctured into his forehead with a trail of blood leading from it. He is unmoving and silent – dead.
‘’ What happened?’’ I gasp and both Jane and Greg jump, only aware of my presence now.
‘’ I killed him.’’ Mutters Greg in compete shock. ‘’ I killed a human, I’m a murderer.’’
‘’ No Greg.’’ Cries Jane. ‘’ You did it to protect me. You saved me.’’
‘’ Mark, get Robert. Don’t let the others come down here.’’ Orders Greg and when he lifts his head from Jane to speak to me, I get a glimpse of her face.
She has a large bruise on her forehead and her nose is bleeding. Her lip is also cut. 
‘’ What happened to-‘’ I begin but Greg interrupts impatiently.
‘’ Please Mark, just get Robert.’’
I run from the room and back down the hall, towards the main room of the bank. As I enter, the group erupts into curious questions, firing them at me. I ignore them and move straight for Robert.
‘’ Get to the food room. It’s Bruno, he’s dead.’’ I whisper. Robert silently mouths the final word, then sprints down the hall I came from.
I notice the front doors are open, although only partially – the power must have completely gone as they were opening – and Rick, Rosie and Paul are inside. The others cluster around me, questioning me on what has happened although I cannot bring myself to speak it aloud.
Olivia catches my eye and mouths the words, ‘Is it Bruno?’, I slightly nod my head. 
‘’ I am in no position to tell you what has happened.’’ I finally stifle after a few moments. ‘’ Robert, Greg and Jane will be out in a second and they will explain.’’ 
‘’ Step back and give him some space!’’ Orders Sinead and the group moves slightly away from me. 
About five minutes later, Greg, Robert and Jane appear at the end of the hallway, and begin making our way towards us. Jane’s face has been cleaned up – and there is no more blood – although the bruise still remains.
Everyone is silent, they simple stand in shock as the trio approach us. Most can probably put two and two together but I see some confused faces.
‘’ Where’s Bruno?’’ 
‘’ Did the walkers get inside?’’
‘’ What happened to Jane?’’
The trio reach us and once again Robert steps forwards. 
‘’ I do not want any of you to question Jane on what has happened. She is in no position to be speaking and rightly so. You all need to respect her privacy and give her space-‘’ Begins Robert, although Jane interrupts him.
‘’ No Robert. They deserve to know.’’ She says, using the dirtied sleeves of her green jumper to wipe her eyes. She then clears her throat.
 ‘’ As you wish.’’ Replies Robert and steps back into the crowd, giving her space.
‘’ As all of you know, me and Bruno were dating. We had been going out for a long time, long before this all started. Bruno was a violent, sexists and abusive man, and every day of my life I questioned why I was with him and even as I stand here speaking to you know, I do not know why I put myself through it all.’’
The room is in complete silence, everyone listens carefully to Jane who looks as though she is about to collapse in emotional stress.
‘’ Bruno has never been nice to any of you, especially the women and I apologize for that. Today he hit me. This is not the first occasion. However, today I fought back and he flipped out. Had Greg not arrived when he did, I would be dead.’’
‘’ Bruno’s dead?’’ Asks Olivia emotionlessly.
‘’ Yes.’’ Answers Jane after a few minutes.
‘’ I’m sorry.’’ Replies Olivia.
‘’ Don’t be. Bruno does not deserve our sympathy, he was nothing but horrible to all of us. I am going to try my best to move on, and I hope all of you will do the same.’’ She explains.
‘’ I respect you greatly Jane, we are all for you.’’ Says Robert, and immediately the whole room agree with him.
‘’ Today.’’ She begins. ‘’ Is the first day of the rest of my life. Now, I am ready to leave this place behind. Please, let’s go.’’
Rick, Rosie and Paul lead the way, with Greg, Robert and myself taking up the rear. We move through the doors of the bank that have no halted half open, the power completely gone.
The streets are deserted, but we stay quiet and keep our weapons in easy reach, not wanting to risk anything, ready for anything that may come at us. Even though we are quite a big group - eighteen of us in total - we are surprisingly organised. The women and children are hidden in the middle of a ring of the fighters, the ones who would die to protect the others.
We slowly make our way through the streets, each time we pass an entrance to a shop we carefully glance inside, making sure nothing can surprise us.
 There is almost complete silence considering the amount of us, there is some whispering – Mia and her mother in the centre – however the only other sound is our boots gently hitting the tarmac beneath our feet and the distant crashing of waves on the beach. 
‘’ Walker.’’ Says Sinead, raising her gun.
‘’ Hold up.’’ Instructs Rick, holding his hand up in front of her. ‘’ No need to waste bullets.’’
‘’ Or draw attention.’’ Mutters Paul.
Rick takes a step forwards, pulls his crossbow up to his face, takes a deep breath in and releases, sending a bolt zipping through the air. The walker is hit in the eye; he begins to raise his hand up to the bolt, but falls forwards, dead before he hits the ground. As he hits the ground, the tip of the bolt sticking out is forced even further into his skull. Rick doesn’t bother retrieving the bolt, we continue moving.

Chapter Nine
It is just past midday when we arrive at the entrance gate to the old lighthouse, however in order to reach the lighthouse itself, there is a further ten minute walk along a long, twisting road. The path leads closer to the coast and further away from the town – which will hopefully mean less walkers!
We move cautiously along the path, as there are a few small farm houses scattered along the road and beside them are wide fields of green. In the field are cows, however none of them are alive, just corpses - bloody and lifeless. I spot one that has had a large chunk of its side ripped off; some of its ribs are visible.
I guess as time went on, and the food supply decreased up this end of town, the walkers got pretty desperate. The bodies are on their sides, their stomachs ripped completely open and their insides are scattered around in the grass. Their mouths are frozen open, and their eyes have been ripped out, there are huge chunks missing from their legs too.
‘’ That is sick.’’ Mutters Olivia, swatting away flies. ‘’ I can smell them from here.’’
‘’ That would make me go veggie.’’ Laughs Rick and we continue along the path.
‘’ Who gives a shit? They’re only animals.’’ Mutters Paul.
Nobody responds. I am immediately reminded of Bruno when I look at Paul. He is unnecessarily snappy and pessimistic and the way his comments are left to hang – with nothing but a silence to follow his words – remind me of how it was with Bruno.
The lighthouse itself hasn’t changed one bit since I saw it last, all those months ago before the world went to shit. It seems as though everything is normal, apart from a few walkers lying about on the ground with bullet wounds, it looks as it did the last time I visited. 
The walkers all look frightening, with bloody gashes across their skin, accompanied by infected cuts. Yellow boils cover what’s visible of their dirty skin, their ripped clothes revealing a lot of what is underneath, in some cases, a bit too much!
Sinead yelps as one of them reach feebly for her ankle, obviously still alive – if that is even the correct term - but before it can do much else, Paul’s samurai blade slashes through the air and slices through the walker’s hand which falls to the ground and continues to wriggle a bit, he then cuts through the back of its neck, partly beheading it and then it finally goes still.
The lighthouse door opens as we approach and a women appears in the doorway. She smiles and waves us in, looking surprisingly friendly although she has a dagger strapped to her belt and a machine gun slung over her shoulder.
‘’ Hello guys, I see you’ve brought some company.’’ She grins.
‘’ Yes Jenny, we found some more survivors in the bank back in town, they were all very eager to meet you all, to see if they know anyone here.’’ Explains Rick as we move closer to the building.
‘’ Wonderful. Please. Come on in.’’ Beams Jenny and she leads us all inside.
On the inside, the building is much larger than it looks from the outside and a large spiral staircase winds up to the top floor of the building from the centre of the room. The porch area has a brick red coloured tiled floor and the walls are a plain shade of white. 
There are small paintings hung on the wall, pictures of the sea and of the lighthouse itself, a beach and some of the farmhouses that were scattered along the road on the way here. The initials ‘ N.F ‘ are scrawled on the bottom right hand corner of each in a black colour, contrasting with the bright shades of blue and green used in the paintings.
 ‘’ This is actually a giant building.’’ She begins, as if reading my mind. ‘’ It was rented out to tourists before the infection began, it has five floors, although they are not very big. There is a more modern lighthouse building about ten minutes from here, right beside the sea, but it isn’t as fortified as this one. However we are working on that.’’ 
‘’ How long have you been here?’’ Asks Greg.
‘’ Since the beginning, there were an English family here when we arrived, they’d been renting this place before it started but they left two weeks ago, eager to get back home. I don’t know how they will manage that, but I hope they get there.’’ She explains. ‘’ Perhaps they’ll get lucky and find a boat but who knows?’’
On the third floor, there is a large seating area. With couches and sofas lining the outer walls of the room, pillows and small foot stools also are thrown about the place. Sitting in one half of the room are Jenny’s group, there are about fifteen of them, all women and children.
‘’ Where’s all the men?’’ Questions Siobhan. 
‘’ They are down fishing, it’s how we get a lot of our meals.’’ Says Jenny. ‘’ It saves us having to make trips into town. Way too risky.’’
I glance at the faces of those sitting in front of me, I recognise some of them. They are faces I’ve seen before in the town a few times, but nobody I’d say hello to. Still, it is good to see some familiar faces, it’s good to know people have made it.
‘’ The men should be back soon, they’ve been out all morning, please just make yourself at home for now.’’ Smiles Jenny and heads back down stairs. ‘’ I will be right back.’’
‘’ Thanks.’’ Smiles Rick, then turns to the faces looking at him. ‘’ So, to go through the plan one more time with you all. Anyone that wishes to come with us, we will be heading off immediately. We are going back to the newsagents where we are stationed and will then be taking off in vehicles towards the city, as you already know; there is a lot of talk of large survivor colonies in the cities, with medicine, food, weapons and clothing so we are going to risk the journey. When the men come back, we will give you a chance to say goodbye, then we will be leaving.’’ 
Nobody responds, they don’t have to, Rick knows who is and isn’t going, he has already gave them the speech he gave us. He is just making sure those who are choosing to go are completely sure of what they will be doing. I can see a few people with large hiking bags beside them, obviously the ones that are coming.
For a few moments, an awkward silence fills the room. We stand on one side of the room and they sit on the other, a few poor attempts of small talk are made, but the room is relatively quiet. Mia sits over with some of the young children in the lighthouse group, and she seems to quickly make friends – I guess that’s just how young children are. Caroline – her mother – sits beside her daughter and chats to some of the other women however not many other people say much.
About five minutes later, to our relief, there are noises from downstairs and then Jenny returns to the room. 
‘’ They are back.’’ She smiles, and we all follow her downstairs.
On the walls of the spiral staircase, initials, symbols and crudely written names are etched into the stone. I spot a few names and wonder if the people I am thinking of are the ones who actually scribed their names in the ancient stone – it’s unlikely, but the thought is warming in a weird way.
The entrance hall is quite cramped as more and more people enter the room from upstairs in a long trail of people resembling a conga-line, again such a bizarre idea nowadays!
‘’ Emmet?’’ Gasps Siobhan suddenly as she descends the stairs and spots the fishermen.
‘’ Siobhan!’’ Yells the man apparently known as Emmet happily, dropping the fishing pole and catch on the floor and sprinting towards Siobhan.
He grabs her around the waist and picks her up, wrapping her in a bear hug and squeezing her tightly. 
‘’ I thought you were dead! I was so scared, I thought I’d never see you again.’’ Screams Siobhan into his shoulder, now crying her eyes out.
‘’ Relax Siobhan.’’ He laughs. ‘’ Your with me now, and that’s all that matters.’’
‘’ Please say your coming with us.’’ She begs, crying into his shoulder. ‘’ You have to!’’
‘’ I dunno, I don’t really like the idea of the big bad city. You should stay here.’’ He suggests, squeezing her tightly.
 ‘’ I take it you two know each other.’’ Smiles Greg, but neither of the two answer him, both are too busy with each other.
‘’ They’re childhood friends, they were dating for a while too but they ended up just staying friends.’’ Explains Sinead. ‘’ He lived down the road from us.’’
‘’ I don’t know. I can’t leave Sinead or my friends.’’ Argues Siobhan.
 ‘’ Who here is coming with us?’’ Says Rick loud enough so everyone can hear him.
‘’ We’ll have to decide quickly.’’ Laughs Emmet.
A few people step forwards, including two young teenagers, a boy and a girl – both about my age. Emmet and Siobhan mutter quietly to each other for a few moments, then they both join us. Much to my surprise, only two others step forwards, a man and a woman, their hands locked together and they are smiling, both look like they’re in their mid-thirties, they are obviously married.
The young boy and girl quickly hug the people in the room and spend a few moments talking to Jenny – most likely thanking her for everything she has done for them. I notice Jenny wipe a tear from her eye, then she wraps one arm around each of them and the three of them share a group hug. The couple also say goodbye to friends, they exchange hugs and kisses to friends and then they join us. 
 ‘’ We’ve decided we’re staying.’’ Says Caroline suddenly. 
‘’ What!?’’ Gasps Olivia, sounding horrified.
‘’ We spoke with Jenny, and she said it was fine.’’ Explains Caroline. 
‘’ How many more of you are staying?’’ Questions Greg, sounding just as shocked as Olivia although he keeps a calm enough face.
‘’ Mia and I anyway.’’ Answers Caroline.
‘’ So are we.’’ Adds Samuel, speaking for his mother, wife and daughter.
‘’ It’s been great knowing you all, and hopefully it’s only goodbye for now, but me and Lee are staying here too. The big city is a bit too much for us, we like it here. Especially with Simon gone, we don’t think we could do it without him.’’ Adds James.
‘’ Plus, they need all the man power they get can around here.’’ Explains Lee and the two of them part from our group and move towards the other.
Robert looks around; there are tears in his eyes. ‘’ Who else is staying?’’
Nobody else speaks, but we all move apart so there is a clear divide between those staying and those travelling to the city. From the group that were staying with us in the bank, eight part and move towards Jenny’s group. Only six others from the original group in the bank plus myself are going with Rick, Rosie and Paul and the five people from here.
‘’ Please come with us.’’ Sobs Olivia, wrapping her arms around Lee and James. ‘’ I won’t feel safe without you two watching guard. I love you guys!’’
‘’ Nonsense.’’ Laughs Lee – although sadness is clear in his tone. ‘’ You still have your brother and Greg and all them, you’ll be fine, just make sure to send us a postcard.’’ 
This makes Olivia cry even harder, tears run down her face and she begins to sob however she does laugh between the sobbing as they continue to crack jokes.
‘’ Come on Olivia.’’ I say, putting my arm gently on her shoulder after a few moments. ‘’ We’ll see them all again someday.’’ 
‘’ No!’’ She cries, grabbing tighter onto the two men. ‘’ Please Mark, let’s just stay here.’’
‘’ C’mon Olivia, you know we need to move on. It’s the only way we can find out more about the disease, and how to stop it.’’ I say, even though a huge part of me wishes to stay here too, stay in the safety of my quiet little hometown and have the people I love around me.
‘’ He’s right Olivia.’’ Adds Rick. ‘’ Besides, we still have to make a stop at your house on the way. You’re parent’s are probably waiting for you there.’’ 
I silently curse Rick for saying this, it is very unlikely they are waiting for us. All he has done is get Olivia’s hopes up. However, she slowly turns towards us and rejoins our group on the side of the room beside the door. I glance at the others, both Caroline and Mia are bawling, however they try to smile back at us.
‘’ I want to thank you so much for everything Robert. You helped us so much.’’ Sobs Caroline through gasps and tears. ‘’ You really don’t understand how much you did for us. I don’t really know how to put it into words, you were like a father to all of us.’’
‘’ Don’t worry, Words are often meagre things anyway, they often fall short. I know how thankful you are.’’ He smiles and she runs and hugs him.
‘’ I’m really gonna miss you.’’ She cries. ‘’ I really am.’’
Before I can stop them, I find my own eyes seeping tears, I wipe them away quickly before anyone sees but then Olivia looks at me, and begins to sob even more although she grins too. ‘’ Are you OK?’’
I shake my head slowly and her smile falters. Then I too burst into tears.
We take a further half an hour to properly say goodbye, and when we exit the doors of the lighthouse, almost all of us have shed tears. The almost being Rick, Rosie and Paul. 
 I wrap my arm around Olivia, both of us comforting each other and we slowly follow the crowd outside, those staying in the lighthouse come out too, to wave us goodbye. Watching them grow smaller as we walk away really makes the fact that we very likely won’t see them again hit home, and it hits hard.
I keep glancing back over my shoulder even though they have gone inside, my heart screams at me to turn around, but my head forces me onwards, to the start of our adventure, to find my parents, to find other survivors, to find a cure.
The walk back along the road from the lighthouse seems a lot shorter than before, however with each step I couldn’t feel further away from those we are leaving behind. Nobody speaks for the duration of the walk, Rick attempts a few times to start a conversation, but to no avail, everyone is too bummed to talk. 
We come to the end of the pathway, and exit the entrance gate, leading us back out onto the main road. 
‘’ Where exactly do you guys live?’’ Asks Rosie.
‘’ About fifteen minutes down the road, it’s in the direction we are headed, on the way towards the bank.’’ I explain.
‘’ Do you mind if we go into this estate first?’’ Asks Rick. ‘’ We need to get some more petrol from cars, and ones that are parked in houses might not have been touched like the ones on the main street. Plus, this estate looks posh, there may be some useful stuff inside.’’
‘’ No.’’ I say, and quieten again.
The entrance to the housing estate is a stone archway, with large metal gates of a black colour. On either side of the archway are pillars, with fancy stone gargoyles perched on each.
‘’ Mark. This is Gemma’s estate.’’ Mutters Olivia quietly.
Her friend was another one of the people that got the disease near the beginning, killed her own parents and ended up killing two more guards before she was shot down. She too, was on the evening news throughout the country. At the time, nobody had a clue what was going on, she had been such a normal girl and the reporters made a joke out of her.
‘’ I know.’’ I reply solemnly.
‘’ Do you want to visit her house? See if she or her parents are alive.’’ Asks Rick, overhearing our conversation.
‘’ No. They’re all dead.’’ Replies Olivia gloomily. ‘’ Do you remember in the newspapers and on the TV, ‘ Attack of the aywal adolescent ’ ?’’ 
There is silence, somehow even more ominous than before. Nobody says a word because everyone knows about the story. It was everyone, in the papers, on the radio and television and the clip of Gemma emerging from her house as a walker got millions of views in mere days on YouTube. No matter how many times it was taken down due to rule breaching, it still managed to find its way back on.
 ‘’ Yeah, well that was her.’’ Adds Olivia angrily and we walk on in silence. ‘’ They made a joke of her. Hope the bastards are dead, if not I’ll kill ‘em myself.’’
The houses are shells of what they once were, windows smashed and doors kicked in, bodies scattered along the roads, left there to rot or to be eaten by walkers. Cars are parked on driveways, unmoving and hopefully full of petrol that we can scavenge. Dustbins lie on their sides, their contents scattered about on the road – perhaps the work of a wild animal, or something more threatening.
‘’ I think we should go into Gemma’s house. See if we can get some photos of her, maybe some clothes.’’ I suggest. ‘’ Something to remember her for who she was, not what the sickos of the media made her out to be.’’
Olivia thinks about it for a second, then shakes her head sadly.
‘’ Are you sure? It may help bury your demons.’’ I continue.
‘’ Fine.’’
‘’ Rick, me and Olivia are gonna go check out her friend’s house, we won’t be long.’’ I say and we split from the group as they begin to scavenge through cars.
‘’ No problem, we’ll be out here seeing what we can get from these cars, don’t let your guard down though.’’ 
The door of the house is ajar – like all the others – so I push it open gently and we cautiously and slowly step inside. The mahogany floorboards creak ever so slightly as we step into the porch. The cream coloured carpeted staircase to the right leads up to the bedrooms and the bathroom. To the left is the sitting room, and straight ahead of us is the kitchen.
‘’ I think we should just check out this floor before we go upstairs, just to be safe.’’ I suggest and she nods, her tears beginning to dry.
We step into the sitting room, both of us have guns at the ready, but I have a dagger in my hand, making sure I am ready if attacked but also meaning I can kill a walker without drawing any attention. The room is beautiful, I had only been in this house twice, both times to collect Olivia and they had been very brief, but the room is even nicer than I remember.
There is a large mantelpiece in the centre of the far wall, a long mirror hangs on the wall above it and along the mantel are various knick knacks, mostly candles in fancy looking holders. In the centre of the wooden floored room is a white rug that stretches across the room. There is a large white leather sofa facing the mantel and the throw pillows remain untouched.
 The same cannot be said for the television however, the large flat-screened television that used to sit in the corner of the room has been ripped from the wall and is gone, the wires that once belonged to it are hanging from the wall.
There are pictures around the room also, all encased in elegant frames probably worth more than my clothes. There is a book case in the corner of the room, stocked full of different books, plays by Shakespeare, encyclopaedias and also various dictionaries translating different languages into English such as Latin, Greek, Italian and French. 
We move through the room and out towards the kitchen, the brightly coloured tile floor radiates the weak sunlight coming through from the window – making it look brighter than it actually is. There is a large counter in the centre of the room, with large stools around it.
 We move around it and the noise of breaking glass sounds from beneath my feet. There are pieces of broken glass littering the floor, a broken cocktail glass and the dried remains of red wine stain the floor. The presses are open and a packet of crisps sits open on the counter. 
In the corner of the room, there is a large rack of wine bottles dating back decades, all stacked neatly in accordance to date. There are a few bottles missing and there are shattered remains of one bottle on the floor beneath it.
‘’ I wonder what happened here.’’ I say.
‘’ I don’t want to know.’’ She replies, probably thinking aloud and we move into the conservatory/dining area. 
The large wooden table with black leather chairs surrounding it is bare. It seems unusual; I would imagine such a grand table to be always set for a feast. Perhaps a candelabrum sitting in the centre, with fancy plates and silver cutlery set out around it. Long and slender wine glasses sitting to the left of the plates, with napkins moulded into elegant origami creations on the right.
‘’ Let’s go upstairs.’’ I suggest, and we head back into the hall. 
As we move through the hall, my mind wanders and I feel a pang of great sorrow towards Gemma and her parents. They deserved respect about what happened to them, it just shows how sick the world was even before now. People were always horrible; maybe what happened was for the better, now those left are forced to accept each other. 
Shut up, you know that’s not true. Scolds my inner voice.
The stairs creak slightly beneath our heavy hiking boots as we ascend them, and the wooden banister is cracked in some places, as if someone was thrown against it. When we reach the top of the stairs, I let Olivia take the lead, since I have never been up here before.
‘’ This is it.’’ Says Olivia, putting her hand to the doorknob of the first room.
‘’ Let’s make sure that the other rooms are clear first, before we do anything.’’ I say, and although she rolls her eyes impatiently at first, she realises it is safer and leads the way along the hall.
We go into the first room, Gemma’s parents’ room. In the centre is a large four poster bed, with black wooden posts and white sheets with matching pillows, a black throw is neatly thrown across it but the bed is ruffled. 
The dressing table is almost bare. I can imagine it once was covered with elegant necklaces, brooches and rings...not anymore. I notice a few pieces of jewellery on the floor, leading in a trail from the room. The mirror sitting on the dresser has one large crack up the centre, with lots of smaller cracks branching out from it, distorting the reflection. 
The wardrobe doors hang half open and the rather extensive walk-in wardrobe reveals ornate ball gowns and plush tuxedos, all very expensive looking stuff hanging neatly. I notice a few empty hangers, thieves obviously raided this place. The window is also cracked, and one of the curtains has been pulled off the holder.
We move into the next room, it is just a guest room, probably where relations would stay when visiting but it is just as nice as the room of Gemma’s parents. It has a similar bed and from the window there is a nice view of the sea in the distance, along with the mountains further to the east.
We clear the bathroom too, and I take a bottle of aftershave belonging to Gemma’s father along with me – it has a rather inviting odour. However while doing so, I make sure Olivia isn’t watching, she probably wouldn’t approve.
We come back to Gemma’s room and I go first – just in case – opening the door gently and pushing it inwards. We step into the room, the walls are the first thing I notice, they are plastered with photographs, the chronicles of Gemma’s life, there are pictures of her in school, with her friends on the beach, with her family in foreign countries, pictures of different places she visited along with pictures of her as a child.  
One photo that catches my eye is a picture of Gemma, Olivia and another girl from her class – Navdeep – that I once had a crush on. Olivia pulls it off the wall and pockets it. Another is a picture of a previous school trip to visit the Great Wall of China. Olivia had really wanted to go, but at the time my parents couldn’t afford it. I notice Olivia’s eye rest on that one for a second longer than the others, then they fall to the floor. The picture is of Gemma and Mike – Gemma’s boyfriend at the time – kissing each other with the Wall in the background.
There is also artwork on the walls, a few quotes painted on, one reads ‘ If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun’. Another says, ‘ Enjoy what you can, endure what you must’. The third one is written in different colours, written like a rainbow, ‘ Don’t cry because it’s over, smiles because it happened ~ Dr.Seuss. ‘
‘’ She was very creative.’’ I say and Olivia laughs in agreement. She then pulls a picture down from the wall gently.
It’s a picture of her and Gemma with ice cream cones when they were younger, both have a dab of ice cream sitting on the end of their noses, they are both smiling and Gemma is missing a front tooth. She smiles and pulls the picture close to her chest, then puts it into her pocket with the other one.
There is also a trail of multicoloured hand prints along one of the walls, each done by one of Gemma’s friends. I spot Olivia’s signature and a pink hand, right beside Gemma’s handprint.
‘’ I remember I got into a huge fight with Lucy because we both wanted a pink coloured handprint. It’s so ridiculous thinking back on it, the crazy things we’d argue about. She’s dead now, it all seems so stupid.’’ Explains Olivia.
‘’ Don’t beat yourself up over the past, it’s dead and gone.’’ I reply, trying to sound comforting. 
‘’ Dead and gone. Dead and gone...’’ Echoes Olivia. ‘’ Didn’t you have to study that poem with ‘dead and gone’ in it for school? I remember you were whingeing about it for ages and you had to learn it off.’’ 
‘’ Oh God yeah.’’ I reply with a grin. ‘’ Stupid William Butler Yeats. I hated his poetry and it’s all we did for ages in English class. God, he was a bloody nightmare!’’
Olivia smiles for the first time all day and then she lets out a laugh. ‘’ Oh I love you Mark.’’
‘’ I know.’’ I grin. ‘’ And I’ll always be here for you.’’
‘’ I know.’’ She smiles in response.
Gemma’s bed is ruffled, Olivia steps forwards and makes it quickly, the bed isn’t as big as the others, it is a double bed, but it doesn’t have the large bedposts or headboard, just lots of stuffed teddy bears. Olivia picks up a small chipmunk toy, with giant eyes and squeezes its chest. 
‘’ Happy birthday Gem!’’ Says the cheery voice of Olivia from the teddy.
‘’ I remember recording this, she loved it.’’ Smiles Olivia again, but her eyes begin to water up again.
‘’ You should get some clothes, no offense but you smell.’’ I grin, hoping to change the subject and lighten the mood. For a moment, she doesn’t say a thing and I almost regret saying it but then she bursts into laughter as a few tears fall from her face.
I step up and open the wardrobe, however as I open it, something hard smashes me in the face, my eyesight falters and the ground flies upwards, smashing me in the face. The last thing I hear before hitting the ground is Olivia’s gasp.

Chapter Ten
The blow to my face knocks me to the floor and I feel my eye immediately swelling up, almost losing sight in it completely. I feel my eye begin to water, as does my nose although the water from my nose is a red colour. 
‘’ Perrie no! They’re not infected!’’ Yells a voice from beneath the bed, causing Olivia to scream loudly.
A girl that looks about the same age as me with short curly blonde hair crawls out from under Gemma’s old bed.
‘’ Oh God, are you alright?’’ She asks, helping me to my feet.
‘’ Yeah. I think so.’’ I lie, even though I am struggling to keep my swollen eye open.
‘’ Why did you attack him?’’ Questions Olivia angrily, moving closer to the girl with clenched fists.
‘’ I thought you were infected.’’ Sobs the little girl known as Perrie, – certainly no older then twelve – fear spreading across her face.
‘’ How did you think that?’’ Yells Olivia back at her. ‘’ We are talking English! Are you mentally deficient?’’
Perrie stutters for a second, unsure of how to answer.
‘’ She panicked OK?’’ Interrupts the older one. ‘’ We are sorry.’’
‘’ What are you doing here anyway? You don’t live here.’’ Continues Olivia in her angry tone.
‘’ We needed somewhere to stay and-’’ Begins the older girl, but Olivia doesn’t let her continue.
‘’ Well go find somewhere else!’’ She screams, causing the younger girl, Perrie, to back up a little bit, hiding behind the taller one.
‘’ Olivia.’’ I say sternly, this one word is all it takes to tell her she’s going too far and she silences. 
I then turn to the two girls in front of me. ‘’ I’m sorry, she knew who lived here and it’s stirring old memories.’’
‘’ Mark? Olivia? We heard screaming, is everything alright?’’ Yells Greg from the bottom of the stairs and the two girls jump.
‘’ Yeah, yeah. We are fine, be there in a few.’’ I reply calmly. ‘’ Olivia is just jumping at shadows.’’
‘’ Are you sure?’’ He calls, making his way up the stairs.
‘’ Yeah, yeah. Honestly we’re fine.’’ I reply.
‘’ Alright, we’ll be outside. Just shout if you need us.’’ He calls up to us and then heads back outside.
‘’ Who’s that?’’ Questions the older girl, sounding scared.
‘’ Just someone from our group, the rest are outside.’’ I explain.
‘’ Your group?’’ Repeats Perrie in confusion.
‘’ Yeah. We are heading to the city, there’s fifteen of us.’’ I continue.
‘’ Really?’’ Says the older girl in shock. 
‘’ What’s so surprising?’’ I ask.
‘’ From what we’ve learnt, it’s a lot safer to travel alone or in small groups, too many people are too hard to take care of.’’ Explains the older girl.
‘’ Plus you have to divide everything up between everyone.’’ Adds Perrie. ‘’ You get less food and resources.’’
‘’ I guess, but I’d say it has its disadvantages too.’’ I reply. ‘’ More people to fight if your attacked.’’
‘’ I suppose. Anyway, we’d best be going.’’ Says the girl. 
‘’ You don’t want to come with us?’’ Asks Olivia in confusion.
‘’ No. Too risky. Besides, from what we’ve heard, the infected people are smarter and more dangerous in the city, we’re going to stick to small towns like this.’’ She explains.
‘’ Oh, Ok.’’ I say. ‘’ Well if you’re looking for survivors, there’s a whole group of them over in the lighthouse. They’ve got the place fortified. It might be worth a look at.’’
‘’ Thank you. We’re going to head out the back door, I hope you all find what you’re looking for.’’ She smiles and then with that, the two of them slip from the room and creep down the stairs, gone from our lives as quickly as they came.
‘’ That was weird.’’ I smile.
‘’ Do you think they’re right?’’ Asks Olivia, in a concerned tone. 
‘’ About what?’’ I question.
‘’ The way the walkers are more dangerous in the city. What if they’re right?’’ She continues.
‘’ Well what if they’re wrong and we don’t go to the city, and miss out on whatever wonderful may be awaiting us.’’ I contradict.
‘’ Touché.’’ She replies, cracking a smile. ‘’ Are you OK? That looks sore.’’
‘’ I’m fine, seriously.’’ I reply, shrugging her concern off. ‘’ Now then, you’d better grab some clothes, I’m getting sick of looking at you in that hoody.’’ I grin and sit down on the bed, staring at what’s on the walls surrounding me.
However Olivia makes her way over to a large bookshelf above Gemma’s bed and removes a handful of books from it.
‘’ Why are you taking all that apocalypse crap? How can you read that stuff without feeling even more shit about what’s going on?’’ I ask.
‘’ Couldn’t do me any harm researching.’’ She smile as I give her a funny look. ‘’ It’s not like we can just Google things anymore.’’
‘’ Yeah I suppose. I wonder what the creators of Google are doing right now, and all the other celebrities. Pop stars, football icons, actors and authors, I wonder if anyone famous is still alive.’’ I say. ‘’ Imagine Taylor Swift or Simon Cowell as walkers.’’
‘’ I think I’d prefer Simon Cowell as a walker!’’ She laughs.
‘’ Where do you think they are if they’re still alive.’’ I wonder aloud.
‘’ Probably living in an underground bunker somewhere.’’ She suggests and then she heads into the bathroom with a set of clothes, leaving me alone in the room.
I sit back down on the bed, studying the walls of Gemma’s room, they really are spectacular, photos, drawings, all great reflections of the creative and positive girl she was. Even though I had only met her on a handful of occasions, and the few times she stayed over in my house, I could tell she was a genuine girl, and quite pretty too.
‘’ What do you think?’’ Asks Olivia, reappearing in the doorway a few moments later and doing a twirl - mocking the model girls I know she loathes.
‘’ Have you gained weight?’’ I ask in complete seriousness, then crack a smile.
She tosses her shoe at me, the dirty one she has just taken off, and I duck – it sails over me, narrowly missing. ‘’ I wish. I’d say I’ve lost half my body weight in the last few months, we all have.’’
‘’ I see your aim has improved.’’ I add, and she grins back at me.
‘’ I am going to take three pairs of shoes, and two sets of clothes, just to be on the safe side, but it feels really weird because they were Gemma’s.’’ Says Olivia, bending down and tying the laces on her runners.
‘’ Just try to think of it as making sure her spirit lives on, this way you’ll never forget her.’’ I suggest and she smiles.
‘’ Thanks.’’ She smiles gratefully.
We take a few more moments to look around the room and Olivia picks out a few more souvenirs to remind her of the girl Gemma was before she came to the attention of the media. After a further ten minutes, she’s finally ready to leave. She doesn’t say a word as we shut the bedroom door and lock it behind us or as we descend the stairs. Although I can tell this visit has stirred a lot of old and unpleasant memories, it has also helped her come to peace with it all.
Outside, the others are spread out around the small cul de sac, searching through parked cars for anything worth scavenging along with draining them of petrol for use in our vehicles.
‘’ Get everything you were looking for?’’ Asks Rick as he pops his head out of a nearby car, taking out a small digital camera. ‘’ Wow, what happened your face?’’
‘’ She tossed her hiking boot at me.’’ I lie, however I myself am pleased at how convincing I sound.
‘’ It was an accident!’’ She adds, her acting skills far more impressive in comparison to mine. 
‘’ Are you sure you’re OK?’’ He asks, sounding concerned.
‘’ Yeah, it’s nothing.’’ I smile. ‘’ What’s that.’’
‘’ A camera.’’ He says, and fiddles around with it for a second, then it makes a beeping noise. ‘’ Still works!’’
‘’ Really?’’ Says me and Olivia together in equal confusion. ‘’ How did it last so long?’’
‘’ Well the battery didn’t waste because nobody was using it.’’ Explains Rick.
‘’ Let’s see it.’’ Says Olivia eagerly but Rick shakes his head.
‘’ We will wait for the others, so we can all watch it together. It may be still working, but there’s not a lot of battery left.’’ He explains. ‘’ It will probably have pictures and videos of the old world that will lift our spirits a bit and give us a goal to strive for, something we want to have this time next year. Society. Normality and so on.’’
‘’ Makes sense I guess.’’ I say in agreement and begin to move towards the next car.
Even though I feel terrible routing through the possessions of a random family – dead most likely – I try to ignore the feelings and get on with it. After all, I’m sure they wouldn’t mind if their possessions may help save our lives. Despite this, I can’t help but feel terrible.
Don’t lie to yourself. You could steal from people who saved your life, you don’t know these people, they’ll be easier. Thief. Taunts my inner voice.
I sigh and open the boot of the vehicle, inside are shopping bags – all empty – and not much else. There is a small car repair kit, which I take out, along with a very large torch and some batteries, but not much else. I get into the driver’s seat and begin to search the glove compartments, hoping to find anything at all of use to us.
I pull down the overhead sun shield, and a small photograph falls out, along with a driver’s licence. I feel a pang of guilt while doing so, but I read it all the same. The picture is of a man, mid-thirties maybe early forties with a woman of similar age and two young children, a boy and a girl, both with a similar blonde shade of hair the woman has. 
They are on a beach, with a crystal clear ocean in the background. There are other families in the background, along with a banana boat in the distance bouncing over the waves. All four people in the pictures are wearing ear-to-ear grins and are squinting slightly as the sun shines in their faces.
I glance at the driver’s licence, there is a close up picture of the man, his name is Seán McCarthy according to the name on the licence. I’ve never heard of him, or seen his family around town, so they must have been only passing through or perhaps visiting family when this whole thing started off, but there doesn’t seem to be any sign of them now. I fold the photo back into the licence and return them to where I found them. 
I climb from the car, nothing obtained but the small car repair kit and the torch. The next vehicle is a large faded-blue truck that has two punctured tires and a cracked back window. There are splatters of blood across the other windows meaning the inside is hidden. The smell of death is bad enough from the outside of the truck, so I don’t bother opening it, through fear I will hurl up the contents of my near empty stomach.
I notice that the others have congregated in a group in the centre of the estate, they all carry gear and bottles of petrol they have scavenged from the vehicles and some of the houses nearby. I approach them with just the torch and the car repair kit and when I join them, Rick speaks.
‘’ Guys, I have something to show you all.’’ Announces Rick to the group. ‘’ I found a camera, I haven’t looked fully at it yet because it’s low on battery, and we might not even get through all of it, but there are some clips of a man who did some sort of a video diary type thing, and I thought we could watch it.’’ 
We gather around him, all peering over his shoulder at the tiny screen in his hand and after a few minutes of ‘I can’t see’ or ‘You’re in my way’ we finally get into a position that suits everyone.
Rick gently taps the ‘on’ button, it makes the same buzzing noise as it did earlier and he begins to scroll through the camera. For a second there are some personal photos, a man with a very pretty woman on a beach, lying in the sun – on holidays perhaps? The date at the bottom of the photos are of a few months ago, before the world went to the dogs, but as we move along the camera, and get closer to the present, scenes from the past are replayed for us.
The first of the photos is dated just a few months ago, just a few weeks after the terrorists released the bomb. There are some photographs of the town, as it slowly started to die, cars jamming the streets – all stationary. There are quite a few shots of walkers from windows of high buildings, and after a few more moments, we come to a video.
‘’ It’s day thirty eight since the first of the infected began attacking, there is no word on how exactly this has happened. The biological toxin in the bomb released in London and all those other cities baffled scientists for the short time they had to study it, then it got too desperate to continue.’’ Begins a man with a rather husky voice, holding the camera close to his face, beads of sweat sitting on his brow.
‘’ I’ve been just wandering, hoping to find others like me. Surely I’m not the only one that is alive, right?’’ 
The video ends. We all remain silent as Rick fiddles with the buttons and clicks onto the next video, dated the same day.
‘’ This evening I was attacked, they aren’t much of a threat alone, but today there was a big group of them, ten at least. The best thing you can do in that situation is run, so here I am in a rundown florist, waiting for day to come.
I met two young girls today, both explained what they knew to me, basically said they weren’t interested in me, they’d prefer to stick together and keep it as just the two of them. Nice girls though, they gave me some food, I hope they find whatever they hope to find.’’ He explains, and the video ends.
I glance at Olivia and see she is staring at me; surely this couldn’t be the two girls we’d just encountered in Gemma’s house, too coincidental...but maybe. Rick flicks on the next clip, it is dated a week and a half ago.
‘’ Sorry I haven’t been updating you, I’ve been doing a lot of running lately. Also the battery died in the old camera and I had to get a new one and transfer the memory card. I’m not too eager on wasting memory either, there’s no way I’m deleting the other pictures, it’s all I have left of Simone.’’
The video ends at that.
The next video comes on and we both stare back at the tiny screen, the man is drenched in sweat, his clothes and hair sticking to his more than moist skin and he is breathing heavily. This video is dated only a few nights ago.
‘’ I just narrowly escaped another huge group of the infected; they seemed to come out from nowhere, all around the supermarket area. I’m glad I didn’t go in, would’ve been trapped in there like a sitting duck.’’ He pants, then there is the echoing of gunfire somewhere distant in the background.
‘’ That’s us!’’ Yells Sinead, speaking what we are thinking. ‘’ He was so close to us!’’
The man pauses for a second, staying silent and listening to the gunshots, then gets to his feet and the video ends.
‘’ That is freaky.’’ Says Olivia, however no one responds, we all sit eagerly waiting for the next video to come on.
Rick flicks the button and the video is dated to a few minutes later.
‘’ I’ve just seen more survivors, loads of them come from the supermarket. They have guns, and vehicles! They are well prepared for this sort of thing. I can’t get to them though, the streets are packed with the infected, it’s too risky to even call out to them.’’
There is the sound of smashing glass behind him, and he yelps in shock, the camera turns to where a window seems to have smashed and he speaks rather nervously.
‘’ Who’s there?’’ 
The person walks towards him, and the video flicks off.
We sit in silence as Rick repeats his procedure, but then a red flashing icon pops onto the screen, ‘ battery low.’
‘’ This could be the last video.’’ Warns Rick, switching the next one on, dated only two days ago.
‘’ Sorry it’s been a while since I updated you all but this could be my last video. I had no reason to make any because I’ve had actual people to talk to, they were the ones who interrupted my last video, only for a stroke of luck of them picking the same building I was in to hide in I never would have found them. 
‘’ They are couple looking for their teenage children, we’re in some posh estate where one of their friends used to live, apparently they weren’t at the designated meeting spot so this is where the mother thinks the daughter may have come. She isn’t here though and with great difficulty, they have decided to leave town in search of survivors. 
‘’ We are heading off first thing in the morning to the city, it’s rumoured that there are survivors in a shopping centre, they’ve got it fortified.’’ He asks, then turns and calls into the room behind him. ‘’ Tanya, what’s the name of that place again?’’
Before the woman can answer him, the camera cuts off and the screen darkens – the battery finally dead.
‘’ Mark.’’ Gasps Olivia behind me.
Before I turn to look at her, I know exactly what she is going to say, but surely this cannot be...
I slowly turn my head towards her, all the others just watch us in complete and utter incomprehension.
‘’ I know.’’ I mutter.
‘’ What? What is it?’’ Questions Rosie.
‘’ That’s our mum. She’s alive.’’ Answers Olivia, then she turns back to me, a smile spreading across her face. ‘’ Mark, they’re alive.

Chapter Eleven 
‘’ I don’t think we should get our hopes up, that might not be her. But, I must admit, that was pretty coincidental.’’ I finally manage after a few moments.
‘’ Pretty coincidental?’’ She repeats, grinning madly. ‘’ Mark, it’s them! He said Tanya! Their story matches mum and dad’s, it’s bloody them!’’
‘’ I dunno.’’ I reply.
‘’ Mark! The man said they were in a posh estate that their daughters friend used to live in. It’s Gemma’s state. It’s here! They were here!’’
‘’ Still, there’s no guarantee they’re alive now.’’ I contradict, knowing the news is too good to be true, waiting for the catch, the bad news – it always comes shortly after we hear anything positive nowadays.
‘’ They are alive! I knew it from the start and I know it now, they’re out there. We will find them! We have to.’’ She yells joyfully, and Rick suddenly clamps a hand over her mouth, silencing her.
With his free hand, he pressed the index finger of his left hand to his cracked lips and then points to the entrance of the small estate, there are a group of about ten walkers moving past the entrance of the estate back towards the town – the direction we are going in. We rapidly yet silently creep behind a car, and get into cover quickly.
‘’ Let’s just let them pass.’’ Whispers Rick.
‘’ They are headed our way so unless we want to wait hours for them to walk on, or unless we take a long and unnecessary detour, we should just take them out.’’ Argues Rosie.
‘’ Yeah. She has a point, plus if we take care of them now, God knows who we have saved from them in the future.’’ Adds Greg. ‘’ Could be one of us.’’
For a moment or two, Rick stays quiet and chews the inside of his cheek – something I’ve noticed him do whenever he concentrates, along with staring at one point in front of him, his eyes unmoving – then nods and we creep after the group of walkers ahead of us.
We peer from behind the entrance pillars of the estate down the road, towards the walkers; I take one look back at Gemma’s house and then turn away. The ten walkers in front of us have stopped and are examining the carcass of a bird lying on the ground, long dead. One picks it up and begins to rip it slowly apart, pulling it by its lifeless wing and digging into the guts that pour out.
‘’ I thought they only eat humans.’’ Whispers Olivia. ‘’ Or other living things.’’
‘’ By the look of them, they can’t find any. Look how skinny they are.’’ Replies Thomas – the man we picked up from the lighthouse with his wife, Merissa – speaking for the first time.
‘’ They obviously have to settle for whatever they can find now.’’ Adds Greg.
‘’ There’s a lot we don’t know about them.’’ Admits Robert. ‘’ We haven’t studied them properly. They are quite fascinating.’’ 
Rick raises his crossbow to eye level, aims down the sight and releases. The first walker goes down, causing the others to slowly turn around towards us. They really are sickeningly skinny, their cheek bones protruding out beneath a very thin layer of dirty, rotten skin. Their completely white eyes with bloodshot streaks widen excitedly as they see us and they begin to move hungrily towards us, licking their bloody lips with their black tongues. The very little teeth they have left showing in a cracked and creepy smile.
Paul runs forwards to meet the first one and swings his sword, it slices through the air impossibly fast and slashes through the throat of the nearest walker, cutting completely through the skin and sending its head falling to the floor. Rosie swings her axe at another, chopping through its collarbone and causing the beast to moan, but it continues on her. She makes easy enough work on it; these are nowhere near as challenging as some of the others I’ve seen.
Rick sends another bolt flying at the walkers, their numbers quickly depleting before us. I feel rather useless standing watching, clutching my gun in one hand but knowing that it would only be a waste of bullets, my only alibi is that all the others beside me are doing the same.
It only takes a few minutes to make easy work of the pathetic attackers, and once Rick has collected and cleaned off his crossbow darts, we continue back towards the direction of the bank, where the vehicles are. Myself and Olivia keep towards the back of the group, talking about the camera, our parents and what exactly it could mean for us.
‘’ Why do you think they didn’t come to the bank.’’ Wonders Olivia aloud.
‘’ I dunno.’’ I shrug. ‘’ The man in the video said that we weren’t at the designated meeting spot so they must have gone to the wrong bank or something, there are six of them in the town, it seems like an easy mistake.’’
‘’ But surely they would have copped on to that fact.’’ Argues Olivia. ‘’ They’re not that stupid. They would have checked all of them.’’
‘’ Yeah I know, but still.’’ I reply. 
‘’ I don’t really care about that anyway, I’m just happy they’re alive.’’ She smiles.
‘’ Same. We are on a wild goose chase though, they are headed to a shopping centre in the city, that’s a very broad list of possible locations.’’ I continue.
‘’ Oh stop being so negative!’’ Scolds Olivia and jokingly punches my shoulder. ‘’ We’re going to find them. I just know it.’’
‘’ I hope so.’’ I say sadly, thinking of how hard this is going to be, like searching for a needle in a haystack for lack of a better metaphor, along with all the things that could go wrong.
‘’ Well I know so.’’ Corrects Olivia and smiles at me. ‘’ All we have to do is find a new camera and stick the memory card into it, then we can watch the end of the video and find out exactly where they are headed.’’
‘’ That shouldn’t be too hard.’’ I grin sarcastically. ‘’ It’s not like technological equipment and electronics were the first things hit during the raids.’’
‘’ Oh shut up!’’ She smirks and whacks me again.
The streets are still, nothing except our group defies the silence with our boots hitting the road beneath us and our quiet chattering echoing quietly through the town. Every so often, there is a bang or loud collection of yelps somewhere in the distance, but I do my best to ignore it. However, I often find myself daydreaming and my overactive imagination begins to make possible scenarios of what is causing the yelps in my head, some a bit too vivid.
Apart from the small group of pathetic excuses for walkers, we encounter no others and arrive back outside the newsagents just after four o’clock in the day. We all head inside the building, wait for Rick to grab all the keys he has stashed away and then we head out back.
Parked in wait, jam-packed with weapons, food, clothes and other equipment are three vehicles, a small white van, a navy blue seven-seated mini-van and another tiny little fart of a red car.
It is a tight squeeze, but we manage, Rick takes the van, Paul sits in the passenger seat beside him and Thomas and Merissa, the couple from the lighthouse sit in the back with the gear.
 Greg, Rosie, Olivia, Jane and I cram into the tiny red car. We are all quite uncomfortably squashed in, and I find myself almost on Olivia’s lap to avoid being on Jane’s. 
In the mini-van, climb Robert, Siobhan, Sinead, Emmet, and the two of the young newcomers, Nicola and Gary. There is one walkie-talkie in each of the vehicles, as means of communication.
The inside of the small red vehicle is dirty, the seats ripped in parts and there is a faint smell of rotting fruit from somewhere under the seat, but I keep my mouth shut, happy that I don’t have to walk anymore. The rear view mirror has been broken off and the two side mirrors are quite thoroughly cracked, but I guess there isn’t much need for them anyway since there will be no other traffic besides us – well, hopefully!
Rick leads the way in the van, and we follow in procession. We move very slowly at first, weaving in and out of stationary cars and half an hour has passed before we even make it around to the front of the shop, but after that, there is a relative clear path in front of us. 
We head off immediately, heading first to our house – which is on the way out of town – and then to the school to see what supplies we can scavenge before heading towards the city. 
‘’ What exactly do you think we’d need laptops for?’’ Asks Olivia to no one in particular.
‘’ Video diaries. Like the man on the camera. So when this all blows over, we’ll be famous and we will go down in history. Are footage will be used to study the walkers, and hopefully find a way to prevent anything like this happening again.’’ Replies Rosie, sounding hopeful.
I notice she uses the word ‘walkers’ as opposed to ‘rotters’. She seems to prefer the word we have christened them with.
We drive through the town, heading away from the shops and businesses and toward the housing estates. As we move through the town, a number of walkers pathetically pursue us, but their snail-like pace is no match for our vehicles and we lose them very quickly. 
We pass shops that I haven’t seen since this all kicked off, ones we hadn’t got as far as whilst scavenging. I spot a large supermarket – much bigger than the one we visited – and what I see makes me gasp aloud.
The car park is jam-packed with vehicles, a lot crashed into each other – they were probably in a frantic rush trying to escape the place and weren’t careful enough. This however isn’t what causes me to gasp, in most of the cars, still belted in are walkers. They wriggle about helplessly inside the cars, lacking the common sense to unbuckle themselves or to open the door of the cars they are trapped inside.
I also hear a symphony of grumbling from the car park, as the walkers inside the cars express their frustration in the same way they do every emotion – moan. Despite my hatred for the creatures inside the cars, I also feel a twinge of sorrow for them. They are locked inside these multicoloured and forever stationary coffins, left to rot completely or starve to death – if that is even possible. Inside the cars, I also spot some children. Although not a single one of them are alive, they are as dead and lifeless as the dodo. 
Just as we exit the town, I spot the coral leisure centre – something I had completely forgotten existed! I can only picture what the swimming pool looks like now, murky water with the dead most likely floating about in it. Or the gym beside it, full of weights and fitness machines that will never be touched again most likely.  
I remember the hours I spent in the swimming pool each year doing courses to train as a lifeguard.  We would practise hundreds of different scenarios that were very possible in real life situations such as finding unconscious people in the water to being attacked by the person you are trying save. 
It seems like so long ago that I had to practise CPR on that plastic dummy or do lengths of that swimming pool. Swimming, such a weird idea nowadays. So simple, yet so alien and forgotten about. It’s been months since I’ve even seen a swimming pool let alone use one! We quickly drive past and I turn away from the building, again most likely forever.
In no more than ten minutes, we have reached the entrance to the small housing estate where myself and Olivia live, and then Rick allows our small red car to overtake him, so we can lead the way.
‘’ It’s just straight ahead, the house on the corner.’’ I instruct Greg and we pull up outside it.
For a moment, we stay sitting in the car, waiting to see if it is safe, making sure no walkers are around. It’s not as if they’d be a danger to us, seeing as we have quite a number of people, all equipped with guns, but we will be a while inside and we can’t risk being trapped by walkers. That would be far too dangerous for the sake of some clothes and souvenirs of my old life – nearly completely forgotten. 
‘’ Mark. Look.’’ Says Olivia, sounding worried, she points at the house.
I look over, and only now do I see something so obvious that it should have hit me immediately. All of the bottom floor windows have been boarded up, the curtains are all drawn in the upstairs rooms and the door is boarded over with wooden planks. 
My mind wanders and images of what happened the last time I was in my house flash before my eyes. The walkers breaking down the door, and smashing through the windows. The death and destruction they brought with them.
‘’ Someone could be in there right now.’’ I say, and then get out of the car.
‘’ You guys shouldn’t go in alone, if there’s people in there, they could be dangerous.’’ Warns Greg. ‘’ Not every survivor is who they seem.’’
‘’ OK, we’ll all go in then.’’ I reply, and the rest of our group climbs from the vehicles and enters through the rusty-green gate.
Rosie walks beside me on my left, Olivia to my right – we bring up the front of the line.
 ‘’ If mum could see her garden now.’’ I smile, and even though Rosie hasn’t met our mum yet, she smiles too.
‘’ A girl with a green thumb, eh?’’ She grins. ‘’ I was quite the gardener myself once.’’
Olivia steps forwards and gentle raps on the door thrice, her knock echoes but then we here footsteps and hushed voices on the opposite side of the door. There are sounds of bolts and locks unlocking and then the door swings inwards slowly. 
Two smiling adults are revealed to us – a man and a woman – and both look a little bit eccentric, with untidy hair and large spectacles sat on their faces. They grin, revealing very white, yet goofy front teeth. They wear thick gardening gloves on their hands that are stained with dried blood. 
The man has a bald head, with clumps of white hair on the sides of his head by his ears. His face is slightly pudgy, as is the rest of him and his clothes look slightly too small for him. The woman has faded, curly brown hair, with hints of grey beginning to streak through it. She wears simple clothes with heavy hiking boots – the sight is almost comical.
‘’ It’s you.’’ Whispers the woman quietly after a gasp, then the two of them grin to each other. ‘’ Please, come inside!’’
 
Chapter Twelve
Despite a few seconds of silence and uncertainty, we all end up following the couple inside. The hallway is dark, as not much light can get through the boarded up windows, however everything is still clearly visible. The family photos still hang tidily on the walls, my mother’s withering flowers droop in their pots and the remnants of that night are still visible on the carpet in the form of dried blood.
We pass the doorway to the sitting room; the ivory leather couches have accumulated a thin layer of dust, as has the television screen. The mantelpiece is covered in half-burnt out candles, along with a few small wooden ornaments carved by a tribe living in some part of South Africa – I think they were called Kalahari’s.  
The couple living here now obviously did a lot of cleaning up, they restored the house to what it looked like before we were attacked. 
We are lead into the kitchen, which couldn’t look more different. The counter tops are no longer the clean surfaces I remembered. They are cluttered with notepads, sheets from notebooks, balls of scrunched up paper, empty coffee cups and photographs from Polaroid cameras – all of which are of walkers. 
The white tiles are covered in muddy shoe prints, something my mother absolutely hated back before the infection. She once threatened to chop off our legs if we left trails of mud in the kitchen, and to be honest, I believe she would have! For some reason, the sight of the mucky prints annoys me too, even though for years I playfully mocked my mother’s pet peeve.
When we move into the kitchen, light passing through the unblocked windows shines through, illuminating the couple in front of us. I wonder why they haven’t barricaded the back windows, although the back garden is completely sealed in, walkers could still find their way in somehow.
The man has an almost completely bald head, but there are small clumps of messy white hair sprouting from around the side of his head, and he is a bit stocky - slightly overweight. His face is covered in light stubble; somehow he has managed to find the time to shave! He wears giant circular spectacles that magnify his eyes to a comical size and he wears a neat striped shirt and trousers – however both are a tad too small – with shiny black shoes. In the pocket of his shirt are pens and small pieces of paper, torn out from a notebook.
The woman has a brown shade of hair that is beginning to turn the colour of his, except hers is curly clump that sits on the top of her head. It seems to ripple when she moves like an afro. On her face, sits a pair of spectacles too, except hers are slightly less wacky in comparison to the pair owned by whom I’m assuming is her husband. 
She wears an aqua blue shirt, with frills around the hem and wears black trousers with hiking boots. She has a goofy smile, her two front teeth protruding outwards, looking slightly bigger than the rest that occupy her mouth.
‘’ How long have you been here?’’ Asks Olivia, glancing around, surveying the bombshell that was once out kitchen, nobody else says a thing.
‘’ About three weeks.’’ Smiles the woman. ‘’ I’m Maria by the way and this is Patrick. We are so excited to see you two. It’s amazing. We’ve seen you so much in pictures around the house, it’s like we already know you.’’
‘’ Nice to meet you both.’’ Smiles the man. ‘’ Please, have a seat.’’ 
We sit down nervously, as the woman turns the kettle on. The rest of our party stand around the kitchen.
 ‘’ Tea?’’ She asks.
‘’ How do you?’’ I begin, baffled as the kettle begins to boil.
The man smiles. ‘’ Petrol-run generator, ingenious invention I must admit.’’ 
I glance into the small living room that once acted as our little den whenever friends were over, with the small bookshelf crammed full of books, board games, video games and movies. There are two roll mats with sleeping bags sprawled out on the floor – the couple are obviously using it as a sleeping area. 
‘’ If you were wondering, we haven’t touched any of the bedrooms. However, we have cleaned out the attic and stocked it with survival gear – food, drink, clothes et cetera.’’
‘’ Can we go upstairs?’’ Asks Olivia just as the kettle boils.
‘’ You don’t need to ask! This is your house!’’ Laughs the man, his voice somehow sounding light hearted yet serious at the same time.
We both spring from our seats, and run out into the hall, leaving our companions with the couple. We bound up the stairs - all fourteen of them – and run to our rooms. The first thing I do is flop onto my bed, enjoying the familiar – yet so alien – feel of it all and stretch my body out. Then I glance around, the room looks untouched – as the couple promised. Although it looks like a pigsty, it is exactly how it had been left. 
I glance over at the piano in the corner of the room and grin to myself, the amount of stress that thing caused me is laughable, but the enjoyment I got out of it far outweighs and cons I ever had with it. I make my way over and sit down on the stool, crack the bones in my knuckles and take a deep breath. I close my eyes and harmonically begin playing Fur Elise - the immensely famous song that everyone seems to think of when someone mentions a piano - written by Beethoven. 
It doesn’t sound right, the keys aren’t in tune, but I play it softly and hear the song as it should sound in my head. I taught myself how to play piano, it had been something I had always wanted to do, but lessons were too expensive. I started big, learning one of the most well known pieces ever composed simply because I could, and even though it seemed unbelievably impossible when I begun, it comes as second nature to me now.
I mess around for a few more seconds, playing short Christmas carols or songs from video-games I once enjoyed. Then I try to remember an original song I had been working on before the world went to shit, but I can’t remember anything after the introduction I wrote. For a few more minutes, I just sit and look around my room, relishing the familiar and secure surroundings. 
I route through my piano notes and find the sheet music for the song I had been working on before this all happened and fold it safely into a pocket of my bag.
After a few moments, I push the stool back in under the piano and open my wardrobe, my familiar clothes hang neatly before me. The first thing I grab though are my white sport’s runners, my navy Vans and white Converse that sit neatly in the bottom corner of my wardrobe. I also grab my grey sweatpants, navy tracksuit bottoms, a few t-shirts and three jumpers – a red zip up jacket, a bright blue hoody I bought just over a year ago when I was in the Gaeltacht and my school hoody. 
Only upon looking at the clothes do I realise how much weight I have lost, at least two stone seeing as everything seems to be way too big for me. I change quickly into them despite this, packing away the other clothes I take out so I have some spares and stick the clothes I have just taken off into a small plastic bag – I will dump it somewhere later.
I move over to my desk, the shelf above it is covered with books I had bought but never got a chance to read, sickeningly ironically, they are mostly about zombies. I pack them into my bag, not only eager for some decent reading material for myself and Olivia, but maybe I could learn a thing or two that could help me.
 I also grab a novel about a television show featuring teenagers having to fight to the death on live television in front of the entire country and cram it into my bag. That is the kind of book I like reading. I can give the others to Olivia to go through.
I glance at the fish tank and see the poor thing floating with its golden-gilled stomach facing the roof, motionless at the top of the bowl. I always had imagined what would happen to my fish if some worldwide disaster happed – it seems stupid, but that was the kind of things I thought of lying in bed at night, along with a lot of other things – but now I hardly look twice at it, there are far worse things happening right now to adults and children like me. 
Animals are lucky; their ignorance is bliss, as I recall the words of a popular but long forgotten song once said. Animals don’t know what’s going on, to them nothing has changed except for the fact that humans are no longer destroying complete species of animals and plants. Maybe this is better for the earth; it can go back to the way it was before humans. 
I sit back down on my bed for a second, and just close my eyes, remembering back to simpler times. My life may have been a bit boring, and even though I had always secretly hoped for a zombie apocalypse – if that’s what this thing is – I would give anything to go back to it. It’s weird, I always had planned to meet up with my friends, and we would form a zombie slaying gang. I guess I never thought that most of them would be wiped out in the first wave of the infection, back then we just assumed we’d be alive for it all. Assumed we were invincible.   
I wish I could go back to my boring life, and return to boring school, and spend my time cramming for tests I had no hope of passing, at least then if I messed up it wasn’t my life that could be the price, or even worse, someone else’s.
I take the only two teddy bears I own from my bed, they were given to me as a child from my nanny before she died, all I really have ever had left of her; I stick them into my bag, along with my favourite pillow. Just as I close the zip of the bag, there is a crash from in the room next door, where Olivia is.
I jump off the bed, draw my gun and sprint from my room. I bash through Olivia’s door with various posters stuck on; ‘ keep out ‘ or ‘ no boys allowed ‘, things Olivia had stuck up when she was younger but never took down. She and dad used to have a joke with each other, although the sign said ‘boys’, as in plural, one boy was allowed in, and she chose him. It too was something from our younger years, but occasionally the two of them would play on it just to annoy me.
‘’ What happened?’’ I gasp, diving into the room.
‘’ Nothing. I just dropped something.’’ She explains, and I see her wiping her eyes with her sleeves and she bends down to retrieve the photograph that lies among smashed pieces of a photo frame on the floor.
‘’ Is everything OK up there?’’ Calls Greg, his voice sounding from the bottom of the stairs.
‘’ Yes. Everything’s fine!’’ I reply and then turn to Olivia.
‘’ Don’t be crying. We know they are alive, we are going to find them.’’ I smile and she returns it, even though she is crying, I know she feels what I feel – we will find them. We have to.
She hands me the photograph, it is a picture of the four of us on a family holiday years ago, when we went to Disneyland in America, by far the best holiday we were ever on. I remember we killed each other for a lot of it because Olivia didn’t want to go on any of the rides and I claimed it was a waste of money even bringing her. Even though it was a great holiday, it could have been amazing if we had gotten along better at the time.
‘’ I wonder how creepy Disneyland must be now.’’ Says Olivia. ‘’ God only knows what’s going on there now.’’ 
‘’ I’d say it’s deserted, why would anyone have any reason to go there?’’ I reply.
‘’ I dunno. I can just imagine loads of walkers hobbling around the place, everything silent and stationary.’’ She explains and then we head downstairs.
The others are all crowded out the back, standing just outside the back door. We slowly approach them, all are in silence.
‘’ What are you all looking at?’’ I ask and Siobhan turns around and looks at me, a look of fear spread across her face.
She doesn’t say a word, she looks as if she has just seen a ghost, all she does is point out the back.
‘’ How have you kept them alive for so long?’’ Asks Robert from the front of the crowd.
‘’ Kept what alive?’’ Asks Olivia, sounding worried, the others break apart, forming a clear passage between them to let us through.
We slowly step forwards, Olivia seems clueless, but I have a slight hunch of what they are looking at from Robert’s words, I am just hoping I am wrong. Unfortunately, I am correct.
In front of us, both chained by sturdy looking metal collars attached to the concrete wall by metal chains are two live walkers! One is male, he is very skinny and his face is pale, covered with boils and bloody cuts, his hair is almost completely gone but a few clumps of dirty hair sit on his red and peeling scalp. His eyes have large black bags under them and they are a lifeless white, very much bloodshot. He groans longingly as he sees us and tries to walk toward us, tightening the collar around itself and choking on the restraint.
The female sits on the ground, fiddling with her dirty matted hair, staring at us, only not as hungrily as the male - she understands she can’t reach us? There is a chunk missing from her neck, her upper right arm and her lower left leg, blood has hardened around the wounds and dirt and scabs coat the wound. She looks sadder as opposed to aggravated – as the man does. She simply stares sadly towards us, not even bothering to get up.
‘’ Why are you keeping them here?’’ Asks Olivia. ‘’ Why don’t you just kill them?’’
‘’ We have been observing their behaviour for a few weeks now.’’ Begins Maria. ‘’ They are really quite interesting.’’
‘’ Yes. As we were saying to your companions, we have learnt a great deal about the infected from these two subjects.’’ Adds Patrick.
‘’ Why does that one have bite marks on it?’’ Asks Rosie, causing the faces of both of them to darken slightly.
‘’ She was our friend.’’ Explains Maria. ‘’ She was attacked when we were capturing the other one.’’
‘’ She sacrificed her life for science. Her dying wish was that we’d do what we could to find out everything about the infected, hoping that one day, there could be a cure and society could rebuild itself.’’ Continues Patrick. 
‘’ She wouldn’t let us prevent her from reanimating. She made us promise.’’ Adds Maria.
‘’ You really think society is going to go back to the way it was?’’ Begins Paul. ‘’ It’s over. This is it.’’
‘’ No, actually it isn’t.’’ Contradicts Maria, and to be honest I am glad! Paul’s constant negativity is really getting annoying. ‘’ If you want to believe that this is the best it gets, living life by the minute, not thinking ahead by more than a few hours then go ahead.’’
‘’ We just can’t afford to think like that.’’ Adds Patrick and the two go silent, heading back inside, both clearly upset.
We all follow them in, Paul stands alone outside for a second behind us, obviously thinking about the knowledgeable words of the two scientists.
‘’ What have you learnt about them?’’ Asks Greg, sounding intrigued by the whole idea.
Maria takes out a notebook, glances over it a second and then turns to him.
‘’ Some of the main points we’ve noticed about keeping them here is that they only eat live prey. We’ve tried feeding them so much, but they just won’t take it, only if it struggles will they dig their teeth into it.’’ She begins.
‘’ How have you been feeding it then?’’ Interrupts Sinead. ‘’ I thought you said you don’t leave here.’’
‘’ We barter.’’ Explains Patrick.
‘’ With who?’’ Questions Robert. 
‘’ There were only about five of them.’’ Begins Maria. ‘’ They’d give us live prey in exchange for anything and everything we knew about the infected, along with some hot food. They’d give us birds to give to the subjects out back, and anything else we asked. They’d come every two or three days, they were due two days ago but never arrived, maybe they’ve just got held up somewhere.’’
‘’ Or they’re dead.’’ Mutters Paul, standing in the doorway of the back exit, leading out to the two chained up walkers.
‘’ Will you shut up!?’’ Roars Maria angrily at Paul. ‘’ Have some bloody respect for the work we are doing or get the hell out of here!’’ 
‘’ I am so sorry for his behaviour, please continue. He will not interrupt you again.’’ Assures Rick and Patrick continues from where Maria left off.
 ‘’ Both bites and deep scratches are capable of infecting you with the plague, any case where blood of the infected gets into your mouth or mixes with your own blood. So far, everyone that has been bitten or scratched has changed, no one is immune and as far as we know, the disease is global. However, we could be wrong. Maybe there is some country that is working on getting rid of the virus, we are unsure.’’
‘’ One of the most important things though, is that when people are bitten and they change into those things...’’ Says Maria. ‘’ The part of them that is them, dies. They don’t remember who they were or who their friends and family are. They may be moving, but the bodies are nothing but hosts for the infection. They will not hesitate to kill you, do not forget that.’’
‘’ I think we’d best get going. We have a lot of ground to travel before sundown and we still have to go to the school.’’ Says Rick after a few moments of silence. ‘’ Thanks for allowing Mark and Olivia to retrieve their things, and thank you for the information, it will come in handy.’’
‘’ No problem.’’ Smiles Patrick and escorts us to the door.
In a matter of minutes, we have gathered outside the house, my house, the two batty scientists stand in the doorway smiling at us. We climb into the cars, same people in each as before and start the engines.
 As we pull out of the estate – the one I grew up in – and head for the school, I smile to myself, very pleased to have been back in my house. Very pleased to have been given the opportunity to see it again and grab a few things. I stare through the back window at the couple as we drive away.
As I glance at the couple, I see a shadow pass behind them. Surely it’s trickery of lighting or something, or my eyes playing tricks on me due to endless sleepless nights. 
‘’ Are you OK Mark?’’ Asks Olivia beside me, clearly noticing my face and interrupting my reverie.
‘’ Eh yeah, I’m fine.’’ I smile weakly and turn my back on the house.

Chapter Thirteen
The large green gates to the building that served as a prison of sorts for two years of my life are open, and we drive down the small incline towards the drop off area of the school. We remain quite inside our stationary vehicles for a while after we come to a stop, making sure the quiet hum of our engines hasn’t attracted any unwanted attention.
The last time I entered these gates was as a student. I had never thought as I left the gates for my summer holidays what was to happen only a few weeks later. I never knew nor could I have ever imagined that I’d never be returning for another school year. To think, all the time I wasted studying for big exams, exams that will now never happen. 
To be honest though, I’m glad I never had to go back. I hated the bloody place; the majority of the students were scumbags that got too involved in each other’s business. A week didn’t go by that there wasn’t a fight of sorts and the fact that we were a mixed school meant very little for me as I only had ten girls in my year when there were ninety lads. The great teachers we had were really put to waste on us.
Rick’s small white van is in the lead of the trail, he has pulled up adjacent to the main entrance to the school and after a few minutes, when he is sure we are safe he climbs out of the van. Paul, Thomas and Merissa climb out with him; all have weapons in their hands. Rick cautiously approaches the main door and peers inside. After a few moments, he instructs us it is safe and we get out of our vehicles.
In a few moments we have gathered in a small circle in front of the building, looking as clean on the outside as it did when it was first built, just over two years ago. The area around us seems silent, there are no noises apart from the weak wind whipping trough the large football net. The thing had been put up to catch any high footballs, and on windy days it would squeal like a banshee.
‘’ Here’s the plan, five people stay outside to guard the supplies and vehicles whilst the rest go inside the building, check as many rooms as possible. We only have about an hour before it starts to get dark, and I’d rather be in the safety of the cars, driving on the motorway by then.’’ Explains Rick. ‘’ We need to get computers, weapons, tools and anything else that may be useful.
‘’ Who is staying behind?’’ Asks Olivia, asking what each of us is thinking.
 ‘’ Don’t look at me.’’ Says Robert defensively as a few people glance at him. ‘’ Just cause I’m the oldest doesn’t mean I’m useless. I’ll going in.’’
‘’ We’ll stay out here then.’’ Says Thomas, speaking for himself and Merissa. ‘’ It’s not that we don’t want to go in, it’s just we’d probably slow you all down. We don’t have as much experience as you with the infected.’’
‘’ Yeah, that seems OK. I guess since I’m one of the drivers, I will stay put, just in case we need to make a speedy getaway.’’ Says Rick.
For a moment, nobody else says a word. It’s not that anyone is overeager to enter the ominous and creepy building, it’s just they’d rather that than be out here.
 ‘’ Ugh. Fine. I’ll stay outside.’’ Says Rosie, sounding annoyed. ‘’ Mark, how about you stay out too?’’
‘’ I dunno, I’d like to go in and help the others. They might need me.’’ I explain, glancing at Olivia.
‘’ Come on Mark, just stay outside.’’ She repeats, sounding weirdly desperate.
‘’ No.’’ I say again.
‘’ Fine, I’ll go in.’’ Explains Rosie, changing her mind.
‘’ No Rosie. You already said you’d stay outside, don’t complicate things.’’ Orders Rick.
‘’ But-‘’ Begins Rosie.
‘’ No.’’ Snaps Rick suddenly and loudly, Rosie silences and steps away from me, moving back beside the people staying outside the school.
‘’ I will stay outside too, but I will check the perimeter around the school first, surely there are some rotters I can have some fun with.’’ Adds Paul with a smile, taking out his samurai sword from its sheath and clipping a handgun to his belt.
‘’ So it’s settled then.’’ Says Greg eagerly. ‘’ Let’s go.’’
‘’ Lead on.’’ Smiles Sinead weakly, trying to lift the mood.
As we move towards the building, I glance back at Rosie and the others staying outside, Rosie has gone pale and looks frightened. I notice Rick whispering in her ear, and her face is solemn the whole time. When he silences, she shakes her head and begins to say something, but he silences her and begins talking to the couple beside him. I lock eyes with her momentarily and I smile but she just looks down to the ground by her feet. 
What could be wrong with her? 
‘’ You OK Mark?’’ Asks Olivia cautiously.
‘’ Peachy.’’ I lie with a slight smile and we continue.
There are a set of double glass doors in front of us, just like the ones at the bank, except these ones are not bulletproof. They are sealed shut.
‘’ We can’t risk breaking them.’’ Warns Greg. ‘’ The noise would be deafening and it would echo through the entrance hall.’’
‘’ Agreed.’’ Says Robert. ‘’ We don’t need that attention.’’
‘’ Is there another way in Mark?’’ Questions Greg. ‘’ This is your school.’’
‘’ They gym maybe.’’ I suggest. ‘’ It’s probably locked too but the door isn’t glass or as big as the entrance.’’
I lead the group from the front of the building around to the side of the building, where the gym is. It is full of weights and cardio vascular machines like treadmills, stationary bikes and rowing simulators. The floor is padded with a foamy material and there is a CD player sitting on the window sill. I remember the never ending PE sessions we had in here, and the gruesome cardio workouts we’d be forced into. I really didn’t like it here. It was never anything fun, we’d always be doing horrific workouts when all we wanted was to play football on the pitch or basketball in any of our six – never used – basketball courts.
‘’ This is it.’’ I say.
Emmet and Greg smack against the door with their shoulders, and after a few full-force bashes, the door flies inwards, knocking over a rack of small single hand weights. They crash to the floor, although don’t make as loud a sound as I expected thanks to the foamy floor covering to protect the floor from things like that.
To the right of us are a set of swivel doors leading down to the changing rooms and the entrance to the sports hall, however they are locked from the other side. To the left are windows that look down into the gymnasium, completely empty apart from a few wooden benches that line the walls. Straight ahead of us is a set of doors that lead into the canteen.
We step up to the windows looking down to the sports gym, the floor is polished clean – nobody has been in here since we left the school at the beginning of June. There are benches that line the walls and there are four basketball hoops on two of the walls. There are also a set of goals set up either end of the hall, for the rare occasions when we did play football. There is a giant digital clock on the wall – also used for scores in basketball games – which shows the time and date on it.
‘’ Holy crap. It’s November first already! It’s not long until Christmas.’’ Gasps Olivia, in shock at how much time has passed since this started.
‘’ I thought in the first days that it would only last a few days at the most, it’s crazy how it’s been five months.’’ Explains Sinead, sounding horrified.
‘’ This way.’’ I instruct after a few moments and lead the way through a set of doors in front of us to the eating area.
The canteen is deserted, thankfully. The place is spotless though, not even a speck of dirt to tarnish the floor. Because this was a government owned school, we had a huge team of cleaners that were constantly working away on the floors, windows and tables, making sure they were always in perfect condition. I don’t know why, but I imagined lunchboxes and rotting food to be strewn around the room, cluttering the floors and tables. The fact that the place looks untouched seems weird and alien in this new world.
On the wall, are four notice boards. One for the Mentor Team, one for the Student Council, one for the Prefects and one for sport going on in the school. The first three boards are bear apart from a small letter attached to each notifying what students were successful with their applications to become a member of the respective groups in the school. It’s sad to think none of those will ever get the chance, or even more so to think that the majority of the people listed are probably dead.
 The letters had been up for the last week of school, I remember the buzz they caused as people found out whether or not they had been successful. I also remember how happy I felt when I read my name on the list. 
We turn right, towards the main entrance and peer out. Our four guards stand outside, weapons ready, Paul isn’t visible, he must still be scouring the perimeter. Rick smiles while waving at us and we head down the first corridor. I remember when we first moved into this school, the corridors resembled something you’d expect to see in an asylum, with long whitewashed walls, seemingly stretching endlessly. Despite this, I managed to find my way around very quickly.
The first room we come to is the kitchen, once used for home economics. We pour inside and quickly begin emptying the drawers of anything useful, knives, cooking oil, a frying pan, Robert even grabs a comical apron with a picture of a woman in a bikini, cut off at the head to give the wearer of it a nice – but false – body. He puts it on and we burst into laughter, he then takes it off and folds it neatly, placing it in his bag with a grin on his face. He grabs a few more, and I smile to myself as I continue routing through the drawers.
‘’ I wish my school had done home economics.’’ States Olivia. ‘’ I love cooking.’’
‘’ I did a module on it in Transition Year, it was nice being able to eat your class work, but it was boring as hell when we didn’t do cooking. Washing up was a bitch as well.’’ I reply.
‘’ These facilities were wasting on people like you.’’ Grins Olivia and I laugh.
We move along the counter top, scavenging almost everything we may find useful and bagging them. After about five minutes, the kitchen is in a mess, with drawers pulled out and on the floor and cooking utensils we don’t need scattered on the tables. We exit the kitchen, content with our findings and move along the corridor.
The next room is one of the practical subjects as well, either woodwork or construction studies, I did neither and could never tell the difference. I bag a hammer, along with a long chisel, and an image of me jabbing out a walker’s eye pops into my head. I shudder slightly at the thought, stick it in my bag and out of sight and continue routing through the cupboards.
‘’ This school is amazing. When I was in school we had shit all facilities. Just a few classrooms.’’ Says Siobhan. ‘’ And that wasn’t even that long ago!’’
‘’ Yeah. We were lucky to have all this, but it was short lived. Now look at us.’’ I say. ‘’ We were only in here two years. I never sat my Leaving Certificate so all the studying I put in during fifth year was a complete waste.’’ 
Nobody responds to this. We empty out the room within ten minutes and move back into the hallway, we turn the corner and Olivia gasps. There is a trail of blood on the floor; still wet. It leads along the floor and down the hall to the left.
‘’ Let’s go right.’’ Says Greg and we very quickly agree.
We climb a flight of stairs, bringing us to the second floor, which, apart from the colour of the classroom doors, looks identical to the floor below us.
‘’ The library is on this floor. Do you mind if we go in for a second?’’ Asks Olivia.
‘’ I don’t see why it would hurt. I’d say there are more people then you eager for some new reading material.’’ Smiles Robert and I lead them along the hallway towards the room at the end of it.
The library is a mess, most of the rows of small bookshelves are on their sides, and the books they had been holding are littering the floor. We step inside, and whoever is last gently shuts the door behind us. We spend about fifteen minutes routing through the large piles of books on the floor and I pull a few out on zombie apocalypses and hand them to Olivia who is hoping to gain more information on survival. I also grab a few Bear Gryll’s books for myself, for obvious reasons.
I am finished before the others, so I begin exploring the little room. I head over to the window and stare out. We are at the eastern wing of the school and outside is the teacher’s car park along with the long polytunnel, once used by biology and agricultural science students to grow crops in during the year. It is overgrown, with green plants occupying all space inside it. It’s possibly just the light of the setting sun playing tricks on me, but from inside the greenhouse, it looks as if there is a light. I ignore it, it has to be the way the setting sun is hitting the plastic. 
This wouldn’t be the first time your eyesight is screwing with you today. Mutters my inside voice and my mind drifts back to the shadow I saw behind Maria and Patrick as we were exiting the estate.
‘’ Shut up.’’ I mutter quietly, and only when I hear my own voice, I realise I spoke aloud. 
Well done. Now they’ll all think you’re a nutter.
 Outside the sun is beginning to fall low in the sky, maybe another half hour before it is completely dark, by then we hope to be on the road, safely packed inside our cars. The sun is a blinding mix of orange and pink, resembling a fire on the horizon with its bright colours. 
‘’ It’s beautiful isn’t it?’’ Says a female voice I don’t recognise. 
I turn to respond but then I realise the rhetorical question wasn’t meant for me. It is Nicola, the teenage girl who joined us from the group at the lighthouse. Beside her is Gary, who is obviously her boyfriend.  
‘’ Sure is. Beauty like that kinda makes you forget about the shit going on in the world.’’ Replies Gary and wraps his arm around her. She smiles weakly and presses her face into his shoulder.
‘’ Let’s go then. We still have to get to the computer room.’’ Calls Greg after a few moments and I move towards the exit.
‘’ Why do we even need to go there. It’s not like we can use anything there. The electricity is gone.’’ Argues Jane.
‘’ We can use them for making video diaries, like Rick said.’’ Explains Greg and he leads us from the room.
My thoughts drift back to Maria and Patrick, surely that shadow was my imagination. The walkers in captivity were under control, I was just seeing things. But what if? If they die it’s all my fault.
So you’re a killer as well as a thief. 
No. They are both fine. The walkers were chained to the wall. There’s no way they could escape. It’s just my overactive imagination thrown in a broth and mixed with my lack of sleep.
 ‘’ Mark? Hello?’’ Says Olivia, waving her hand in front of my face.
‘’ I’m sorry what?’’ I question, completely oblivious to the fact that she had been talking to me.
‘’ I said, which way is it. You’re the one that went to school here.’’ She explains and again, I take the lead.
‘’ It’s in the other half of the building, just over this way.’’ I explain, leading them across the small corridor, with large glass windows to the left, looking down into the atrium in the centre of the school, where seniors were permitted to eat lunch.
‘’ Oh my God.’’ Gasps Sinead. ‘’ Look!’’
I follow her finger and for a moment, I don’t see anything, just blackness. The high walls of the building are blocking the setting sun’s light from illuminating it so it is a lot darker than outside the front. Suddenly, parts of the blackness begin to move. 
‘’ What is that?’’ Asks Siobhan, squinting her eyes to try focus better.
‘’ Oh no.’’ Mutters Greg.
‘’ What?’’ Questions Siobhan fearfully.
‘’ Is that...’’ Begins Olivia, unable to finish her sentence. I just gulp and slowly nod my head.
‘’ Walkers.’’ Says Emmet, sounding shocked. ‘’One bloody big nest of them.’’
 ‘’ Everything OK?’’ Questions Rosie’s voice suddenly from the walkie talkie strapped to my belt and we all jump out of our skin.
‘’ There is a huge group of walkers in here. Well over a hundred.’’ I explain quietly. ‘’ I think we have to abort. It’s too dangerous.’’
‘’ I’m so sorry Mark, I-‘’ Begins Rosie in a whisper, but suddenly Rick angrily mutters ‘ give me that ‘ and rips the walkie from her hand before she can finish.
‘’ What’s wrong?’’ I ask, speaking into the microphone but there is no response.
‘’ What was that about?’’ Asks Greg.
‘’ I dunno.’’ I begin. ‘’ Perhaps-‘’
Suddenly, a small flaming bottle flies over the roof, coming from the front and it smashes down into the mass of bodies. There is an explosion of light as the bottle smashes, large flames burst to life and the black mass begins to stir. Two more bottles sail over the roof, landing in different spots among the nest, sending the walkers running in all directions, clueless and panicking.
We run to one of the classrooms facing out to the front of the building to get a look at what’s happening. Rick and Paul are tossing glass bottles towards the building, they are full of a clear liquid, and there’s a small white flaming rag at the end, Molotov cocktails. Rosie is screaming at the to stop, and as she runs forward to stop Rick, he slaps her hard across the face with the back of his hand. Her mouth opens – a gasp of pain – although I cannot hear it over the flames and moans coming from the centre of the building.
Rosie stops screaming, she gently places her hand against her face and stands where she is. As shocked that Rick just hit her as we are that they are setting the building we are in up in flames intentionally.
Rick turns and looks straight at us. He grins and waves, then he and Paul toss a bottle each in our direction. Paul’s one just falls short, and sails through the window of one of the lower classrooms on the floor below. However Rick’s glass bottles bursts through the window of the classroom we are in, showering the room in flames immediately. We retreat from the room, already coughing from the black smoke claiming the room. I slam the door behind us, trying to slow down the spreading of the flames at least a small bit. 
‘’ Shit!’’ Yells Greg and we sprint down the corridor, as more of the bottles smash through the windows of the classrooms beside us. 
‘’ Why are they doing this?’’ Cries Olivia.
‘’ And where are Thomas and Melissa?’’ Adds Nicola. ‘’ I couldn’t see them!’’
‘’ They’re bandits.’’ Replies Robert sadly, answering Olivia’s question. ‘’ Bruno was right, we shouldn’t have trust them.’’
Nobody answers Nicole through fear of what we are all thinking but silently hoping against. I notice Jane tense at the mention of Bruno’s name. 
‘’ Come on!’’ I yell. ‘’ We have to get out of here!’’
Before we get halfway down the length of the hall, about twenty walkers appear at the end, three of which are making towards us slightly faster than the others. These walkers are on fire, and although their flesh is sizzling like meat on a barbecue, they make no other noises apart from their usual moaning. 
We stop in our tracks and turn, knowing we don’t have time to fight, as well as being outnumbered. We come back to the hall where the library is and continue along the corridor passing over the atrium again, leading towards where the computer rooms are. 
The flames have spread; most of the walkers that are left in the atrium are on fire, however the numbers have decreased in the short few minutes since the panic began. Now the walkers are all inside the building, drawn by the noise of shattering glass. 
The flames are tall and magnificently bright, they crackle in beautiful ambers and rouges however their appearance is quite deceiving in comparison to their horrific power. My skin and eyes are dry despite the sweat pumping out of me, the small droplets evaporating almost instantly. My clothes feel as though they could spontaneously combust in any second, they are as dry as my skin.
We smash through the double doors at the end of the hall, which joins up to a longer corridor, lined with computer and science labs. 
‘’ Run! They’re gaining.’’ Screams Nicole, the teenage girl that joined up with us at the lighthouse.
I lead them along the hallway, our flaming pursuers still hot on our heels – quite literally -along with the ever increasing number joining up with them every few seconds. 
The hallway is filling with poisonous black smoke at a frightening pace and I notice the amount of oxygen pumping through my body lessen slightly more with each inhalation. 
‘’ Down here!” I scream and we turn right at the end of the hall, towards the stairs.
I jump down them, taking them three at a time. We come to the ground floor with the main entrance, from downstairs, where the sports hall and changing rooms are, the levels of smoke are significantly less and I draw in refreshing gasps of air.
‘’ Quickly!’’ Yells Greg, and pulls out his gun as we move down the stairs.
I curse myself for being so stupid, we have nearly cornered ourselves in the stairwell. I pull out my gun as well. I stand in the doorway with Greg as the others pour through. The first of the flaming walkers appear and I fire my gun at them, hitting one between the eyes. It collapses forwards and falls halfway down the stairs, partially blocking the others.
‘’ Nice aim kiddo!’’ Compliments Greg and fires his gun.
Just as the last of us are about to get through, the walkers from the bottom floor reach us and one makes a dive for Nicole. She screams as it grabs her around the ankle, and she falls face first to the floor. Greg fires his gun at the first attacker and takes it out quickly but the rest are upon her before we can do anything else. 
‘’ Come on!’’ Orders Greg.
‘’ But-‘’ I begin.
‘’ We can’t save her. We’ll end up joining her if we stay any longer.’’ He explains, and I sigh – knowing too well he is correct.
We turn our backs and run to the symphony of her agonizing screams and the walker’s hungry moans as they tear her apart. We follow the group, taking up the rear and reach the entrance. 
‘’ Smash through it! We don’t have time to go the other way!’’ Screams Greg as her takes one flaming walker on, kicking it hard in the stomach and then shooting it in the chest.
‘’ It’s blocked!’’ Screams Olivia in horror from the front of the group. ‘’ The seven seater is parked across the doorway. There’s no way we’re getting through!’’
Another Molotov flies through one of the windows and smashes on the floor beside us, and then an engine roars to life.
‘’ Those fucking bastards!’’ Screams Greg and we turn towards the gym.
Before we can get inside, about thirty walkers flock outwards, moving towards us from the inside, the majority of them are on fire.
‘’ This is a nightmare!’’ Screams Sinead.
‘’ We’ll have to go out the back door. It’s block at the moment though. Let’s loop around to draw them away from it.’’ I scream and we make a U turn, heading back down the hallway with the kitchens and other practical subjects along it where we first started off.
I glance through the door of an open classroom and see out through the window, Rick’s white van is pulling out the school gate, and it tears off out of sight. They betrayed us.
‘’ Where’s Nicole?’’ Screams Gary, somehow only noticing her absence now – fear obviously making him think of nothing but his own survival.
‘’ She’s gone. They got her.’’ I explain whilst running along the hall.
‘’ What?’’ Gasps Gary. ‘’ Where?’’
‘’ The stairs.’’ I explain and keep moving.
‘’ I have to go back.’’ He sobs sorrowfully but continues moving along with us.
‘’ She’s dead. Just leave it.’’ I reply before realising how awful it sounds. His face reflects just how bad it sounded to me. Despite this, my tougher self – the side that has emerged more and more since this whole thing kicked off – tells me that although my statement is harsh, it is the truth.
‘’ I’m sorry. There’s nothing you can do for her now.’’ I apologise, trying to make up for my almost inhumane comment.
We turn left, the way we avoided last time because of the blood and we turn the corner. There is a thud as Siobhan skids on the blood trail we passed earlier and she falls to the floor, smashing her arm down hard on the floor. There is a sound of bones crushing and then she cries out in pain. 
As they run, Emmet and Sinead scoop her up and drag her along with them. She roars in agony as they do so, and Sinead begins to scream as well but they continue dragging her along. I turn and fire again at the nearing walkers, two go down but immediately five take their places, eager to tear us apart. Greg fires with me, and the others form a small circle around Siobhan. I move back to take the lead – as the others don’t know the building like I do – and I lead them down the next hall.
‘’ In here!’’ I scream, pushing into the large teacher’s lounge.
 Siobhan and her carriers come through first and everyone else follows in a tight pack. Greg stands in the doorway for a second and shoots down the closest. When he finally jumps inside the room, I slam the door shut. 
Immediately, Robert, Gary and Olivia shove a large bookcase type thing in the way of the door. It is full of cubby holes with the teacher’s names on them; some holes have envelopes or letters in them but they fall out when the bookcase is moved.
As soon as the door is blocked, the walkers on the other side begin to smash at it from the opposite side, eager to get in and tear us limb from limb.
‘’ Quick!’’ I say. ‘’ Help me block the other entrance.’’
We do the same thing with the next door, blocking it with by turning a large table on its side. It won’t make a great barricade, but that’s not what we want it for. The walkers aren’t smart enough to figure out about the second door, they saw us entering through one and that’s the one they will try break down.
 We need the second door for an easy escape route; by blocking it off with a table it stops them from seeing us. We remain silent for a second, however the banging only increases.
‘’ Only lost one.’’ Mutters Robert sadly.
‘’ So far.’’ Adds Greg under his breath.
‘’ Are you Ok?’’ Asks Emmet, cradling Siobhan in his arms. Sinead stands beside him and cries as she holds her sister’s good hand.
‘’ What’s wrong?’’ I ask. ‘’ It’s broken at worst, she’ll be OK.’’
Nobody answers for a moment, they just stare at the floor, avoiding eye contact with me.
‘’ Do you remember what Maria and Patrick said?’’ Questions Emmet. ‘’ Well I’m almost one hundred percent sure that was walker blood on the floor.’’
I glance at Siobhan’s arm, it is bleeding too. 
‘’ Oh God.’’ I say, stepping slightly away from her.
‘’ How long do I have?’’ She questions through sobs.
‘’ I don’t know.’’ Says Greg and looks away, around the room, outside the window – anywhere to avoid the impending threat that is Siobhan. 
I follow his gaze at the window. There is a one story drop outside, too dangerous to risk. The banging on the door continues, the bookshelf now threatening to topple over with every bash from the opposite side, then Siobhan stands up.
‘’ Leave me.’’ She gasps, and begins crying. ‘’ You can go out that door and they will chase me. I will jump out, they are stupid enough to follow.’’
‘’ No.’’ Screams Sinead, appalled by her sister’s words.
‘’ It’s the only way any of you will make it.’’ She sobs. ‘’ Go!’’ 
‘’ No. We can’t leave-‘’ Begins Emmet.
‘’ GO!’’ She screams again, kissing him.
‘’ It has been a pleasure knowing you Siobhan. You are the bravest woman I have ever known.’’ Says Greg, tears forming in his eyes. ‘’ We will never forget you.’’
‘’ Stop it!’’ Roars Sinead. ‘’ We can’t leave her.’’
‘’ Sinead.’’ Says Siobhan harmlessly with a weak smile across her face. ‘’ You have to leave me.’’
‘’ No. Siobhan you can’t do this to me. You can’t leave me.’’ Sobs Sinead. ‘’ Your my big sister. I can’t survive out there without you.’’
‘’ Oh nonsense. You’re the second toughest cookie in the box.’’ Smiles Siobhan, the colour slowly beginning to fade from her face.
‘’ Second?’’ Repeats Siobhan.
‘’ After me of course.’’ Grins Siobhan, although it looks as though it pains her.
Sinead laughs loudly and wraps her arms around her older sister. Siobhan moans in pain but embraces her sister. 
‘’ Please don’t leave me.’’ Whispers Sinead.
‘’ It’s my time. We will meet again someday. I will always be with you. Don’t forget that.’’ Explains Siobhan and I see Sinead’s arms tighten around her sister.
‘’ No...’’ Sobs Sinead.
‘’ Go Sinead.’’ Orders Siobhan.
‘’ I love you.’’ Weeps Sinead, tears streaming down her face. Her arms slowly release and she steps away from her sister.
We move towards the second entrance, however Siobhan stays where she is. Sinead glances back at her sister, a frown across her face however Siobhan smiles back at her and mouths, ‘I love you. It’ll be OK‘.
As the first door we had blocked off bursts open and the walkers spill into the room, we unlock the second door and pour out. At the same time, Siobhan sprints towards the window – the walkers following her – and then she flings herself towards it. There is a deafening shatter and Siobhan disappears from sight.
Emmet drops his gear bag full of supplies and suddenly turns and sprints back into the teacher’s lounge, he too disappears from view with a gun in his hand.

Chapter Fourteen
From inside the teacher’s lounge, there is the noise of gunfire, just two bullets are fired though. Did Emmet shoot Siobhan to spare her a torturously slow and painful death and then join her? That’s all we can hope for.
Sinead screams loudly in sorrow as the gunfire sounds but she continues running with us down the long hallway. I glance behind us and see Emmet’s bag amongst a huge group of walkers – obviously not all of them followed Siobhan and Emmet. 
‘’ Which way Mark?’’ Calls Greg and it takes me a second to realise he is addressing me.
‘’ Left! Along the hallway of computer and science labs.’’ I instruct and lead the way with Greg by my side.
I glance out one of the windows as we run, the atrium is empty apart from a few burning bodies lying still on the floor, meaning  the giant nest of walkers that had been outside are now inside pursuing us. I also get a glance at the other side of the building, it is completely on fire and looks as if it’s going to collapse any second.
‘’ Which way?’’ Asks Olivia.
‘’ This school’s like a fucking labyrinth!’’ Screams Greg and then there is a deafening explosion.
To our left, where the science labs are, the walls burst outwards as something explosive inside catches fire and blows up. Clumps of the wall and shards of glass fly outwards towards us. The sheer force of the explosion throws me to the floor and there is an immediate ringing in my ears. 
I feel myself slipping from consciousness and being pulled into the darkness.
‘’ Mark! Wake up!’’ Screams a voice in my head – Siobhan. ‘’ Get up! Wake up! Now!’’
‘’ You’re dead.’’ I respond, although it is not the voice I normally use. ‘’ How?’’
‘’ Mark. I’m dead. And you’re all going to be joining me if you don’t wake up.’’ Orders Siobhan.
‘’ I’m dying?’’ I question.
‘’ Wake up!’’ She roars.
My eyes suddenly shoot open and I try to sit up. I can feel blood trickling from a painful gash in my forehead. Around me are the still bodies of my comrades and no more than five meters away from them are walkers, all on the floor and wriggling about like us.
‘’ C’mon! We gotta move!’’ I scream - as I see some new walkers entering the corridor at the far end - although my voice is hoarse.
Greg gets to his feet slowly but immediately begins helping Jane rise. I grab Olivia by her shoulders and lift her to her feet.
‘’ Are we dead?’’ She mutters, as if high on anaesthetics, reminding me of a famous YouTube video I saw once.
 ‘’ No. But we will be if we don’t move!’’ I yell and grab Sinead as Greg grabs Robert.
Jane steps over to Gary, only now do I realise how badly wounded he is. He seemed to have gotten the worst of the explosion. Half of his face has blackened and there are shards of glass jutting out from his skin, he looks like that villain from Batman. His clothes are singed black and full of holes, revealing similarly burnt flesh.
 Jane bends down and places a shaking hand on his blood soaked throat, she feels around for a few seconds, searching for a pulse. After a second, she gets to her feet and gently shakes her head, a look of sadness spread across her dirty bloodstained face.
‘’ No.’’ She says simply and sadly.
One of the walkers approaching us lets out a moan and we all snap back to reality, the threat of our situation sinking back in.
‘’ Let’s move!’’ Yells Greg and we leave the hall, moving down the stairs – although not as fast as before, our injuries slowing us down a bit.
I lead the way down, and when I reach the bottom I pause for a second, letting the others all catch up and regroup.
‘’ OK. Here’s the plan.’’ I say quickly through heavy breathing. ‘’ We run out here and head to the right, there’s going to be a set of doors like out the front that lead out to the basketball courts and then onto the pitch. We need to cut along the side of the pitch and we can get to the cars without having to get too close to the building. It looks like it’s going to implode any second now on the other side so we’d better hurry.’’ 
‘’ Let’s do this.’’ Says Greg trying to be motivational, although he sounds quite fearful.
I push open the door and the plan immediately falls flat on its face. Standing to the right, just inside the door are about twenty walkers. I reach for my gun and curse as I feel an empty holster. It must have dropped with the explosion. I have a second in my bag, but I can’t afford to stop and take it out.
‘’ Where are they all coming from?’’ Screams Olivia.
‘’ New plan.’’ I yell as we head to the left, down yet another long corridor. ‘’ Out the small fire door at the end, climb into the basketball court and then work our way along them towards the pitch. Then we move along the pitch and get to the cars.’’
Thankfully, the corridor ahead of us is clear, due to the fact that almost every walker in the building is chasing behind us. As we run, I glance at the pictures and posters plastering the walls. There are innumerable pictures of sports teams and posters of competitions going on in the school are still hanging despite the fact that the school was shut for the summer. There are also posters of student artwork, pictures of animals, self-portraits, scenes of nature and random objects. 
I feel a pang of sorrow and survivors guilt as I think of my friends from school – all of which are dead presumably. I think of how different things would be if the infection had began sometime during the school year. Would I have ended up stranded in the school with a group of students and teachers? Or would I be dead?
We come to the end of the hall and I push down the green bar that automatically opens the fire door. We spill outside of the school and into the open air, the fresh air I breath into my lungs is refreshing and it makes me realise how smoky the air was inside the building. However as I push down on the green bar, the fire alarm begins to sound deafeningly loud.
‘’ For God sake!’’ Screams Olivia, clearly infuriated. ‘’ Every bloody walker in the country will hear that!’’
‘’ Quickly!’’ I yell, slamming the door closed behind us. ‘’ Climb over the fence and get into the court!’’
Only when we step outside do I realise how dark it has gotten, the fire’s flames really gave the allusion of it being earlier in the day.
Almost as soon as they begin climbing, the walkers reach the door. As easy as it is for them to get out, the door remains shut as they pound their bloody and dirty fists on the glass instead of gently pushing down on the bar. I press my body against the door as they bash into it and my allies jump the large green fence. 
Greg stands beside me and just as Olivia reaches the top – leaving just myself and Greg on this side – a bloody fist crashes through the glass of the door and tries to grab at us with its long dirty nails.
‘’ Go!’’ I yell and both Greg and I make a scramble for the fence. 
No sooner have we reached it than the walkers have pushed through the doors and caused the fire alarm to begin sounding again. Greg is a lot faster than me and he reaches the top before I have gotten halfway.
‘’ Quickly Mark!’’ Screams Olivia from the opposite side of the fence as I struggle.
Just before I lift my foot higher, one of the creatures below me gets a grip on it. I kick out furiously, hitting it as hard as I can, trying to release its grip on me. From the opposite side of the fence, Greg pulls out his gun and blasts the walker in the face. It releases me and is sent flying backwards, landing hard on its back. I lift myself over the top of the fence, now shaking crazily as the walkers smash against it, and throw myself onto the other side.
I quickly take a second to take out my gun and then we begin moving along the courts, heading closer to the pitch at the very end. The horde of hungry walkers following beside us, moaning and slamming against the fence as they run parallel to us. We sprint quickly through the endless row of basketball courts, running as fast as we can, in one tight group.
I notice a group of walkers standing in a bunch at a section of the fence. They are all either smashing their fists at it angrily or tossing their bodies at it impatiently, so eager to get to us that they are ignoring the damage they are doing to themselves. Suddenly there is a deafening crash of metal which echoes through the night as the fence topples.
‘’ They’re in!’’ Yells Jane and I glance back as about ten of the walkers pour into the previous court, the fence we climbed has been knocked down and they are all entering behind us.
‘’ Shit! Move faster!’’ I yell.
‘’ I don’t think I can do it.’’ Gasps Robert, slowing down. ‘’ Just leave me. Go!’’
‘’ Of course you can!’’ Yells Greg and drags him along by the wrist, just as he was doing to Sinead. ‘’ You once told me that the one thing that differentiates us from them is our humanity. We are not leaving you.’’
‘’ I also told you a group is only as fast as their slowest member. I’ll kill you all! Just leave me.’’
‘’ Never!’’ Laughs Greg hysterically, sounding quite crazy as he does so.
I turn around, running backwards with my face to the walkers, who are getting uncomfortably close.
‘’ They are not usually this fast.’’ I gasp as I think aloud, firing two shots from my gun, sending the leading walker down.
‘’ Almost there!’’ Yells Greg, as we enter the second last of the row of courts. He then turns around and fires at the group, not aiming at any in particular, just hoping to take something down.
We pour into the last court and I ram the gate shut behind us. Before I have a chance to close it fully, the walkers bash into it, pushing it open. Greg fires at the closest walker who goes down, then I close the gate and secure the weak looking lock. I then move away from it as the walkers bash against it hungrily – so eager to break it down and tear us limb from limb.
‘’ Start climbing! Now!’’ Screams Greg and we all scramble over the fence, throwing ourselves over the top and onto the grass just beside the football field.
‘’ This way!’’ I yell and lead the group onto the pitch just as the walkers get into the last court by knocking down the fence.
We sprint along the pitch, again I am shocked at just how dark it is, the light from the fire gave a false light, over here it is almost pitch black – the other end of the large pitch isn’t even visible. We ascend the bank and climb over a small metal fence, bringing us onto the stretch of road just inside the entrance gate.
‘’ Down to the cars.’’ Says Greg and we begin to jog towards the front of the school. 
The white van is gone, Rick and the other two traitors too far away to catch. Thomas and Merissa are nowhere to be seen – although I fear the worst. The blue seven seater is parked up against the entrance door and the small red car is sitting as it was left. 
I dive into the back of the red car, and the others pile in. It really should only be able to fit four but six of us have squished inside, I sit on Robert’s lap in the back and Olivia perches on Jane’s. As we slam the doors shut, a huge group of about thirty walkers appear behind us, a few on fire and hobbling a bit slower than the rest.
The engine makes a whining sound as if in pain.
‘’ Fuck it!’’ Screams Greg, slamming his hands down onto the steering wheel, unintentionally causing the horn to sound. ‘’ They’ve drained the tanks. It’s empty.’’
‘’ That must’ve been how they made the Molotov’s.’’ I say.
‘’ Assholes.’’ Mutters Olivia.
‘’ C’mon. We’ll have to go on foot. Come back to the cars when it’s safer.’’ Says Greg, jumping from the car.
‘’ Where do we go?’’ Asks Jane.
‘’ Back to Maria and Patrick. It’s the only place we know is safe.’’ Says Greg and I jump out of the car.
The walkers are almost upon us as we climb out, I fire my gun a few more times, sending those that are closest falling to the floor.
‘’ Let’s move!’’ Yells Greg and we turn.
Before I have a chance to move, two pairs of bloody, dirty hands grip me by my hoody and pull me back.
‘’ Help!’’ I scream and fire my gun at one, hitting him in the stomach, having no effect.
I pull the trigger again, aiming at his face.
Click, Click, Click.
Oh God. This is it. This is how I’m going to die. I literally see my life flash before my eyes in a mixture of images and short video clip-like memories. I remember my first day of play school, myself and Olivia walking in hand-in-hand petrified for our lives. I remember my first day of primary school, Olivia walked in with me just like she had before, although we had a few friends in with us. 
Next I see myself standing at the altar, singing with the rest of my class as we celebrate our first Holy Communion. Next – four years later – as we celebrate our Confirmation and I stand on the stage with just seven others and sing. 
The next memory is me entering secondary school, without Olivia at my side. Although I had friends entering with me, it just didn’t feel the same and without Olivia, I didn’t feel as confident. 
‘’ Mark!’’ Screams Olivia in horror as she sees the walker on me.
Suddenly Greg’s gun sends bullet showering all around me, so many at once that I’m not even sure if he is aiming. There are thuds as bodies hit the floor and I am freed from the grasp of the walkers that were about to dig their dirty teeth into my throat. I quickly catch up with the others, as eager to get to them as the walkers are.
Without saying another word, we sprint along the road, heading for the exit gate ahead of us. Just as we reach it, and step out onto the main road, there is a deafening crash as the school collapses inwards, causing a shower of embers to soar into the air like a huge swarm of fireflies. 
In a weird way, the site is beautiful, although I feel a pang of sorrow as my school collapses, something I’d never admit out loud. The memories I had there, all now crushed beneath the rubble and burning out. The fire alarm finally stops as it is overpowered by the noise of the falling building and once it has finished collapsing, the alarm remains silent.
‘’ We need to keep moving. If we can get far enough ahead of them, we can get inside the house without them seeing which one we go into.’’ Explains Greg and we pick up the pace, sprinting in the darkness, hoping to come across no more walkers.
We run as fast as our slowest member – Robert – is capable of for twenty minutes, and when we finally reach my estate, the walkers are quite a distance away from us.
My estate is dark; all the windows are black – hiding whatever could be inside. The place looks alien like this, although I have seen this version a couple of times, it is weird because what I remember of it from before the infection was what I had seen my whole life.
We step inside the gate and sprint for the door, which is closed over but unlocked.
‘’ This isn’t good.’’ Mutters Robert. 
 As we file in, I spot some walkers beginning to turn the corner. I quickly and quietly shut over the door behind us, trying to make as little noise as possible to make sure our position remains unknown to them.
‘’ Oh my God.’’ Gasps Sinead from the kitchen and I sprint into them.
The back door is wide open, the chains that held the walkers are gone, broken from the wall.
‘’ They escaped.’’ Says Greg gloomily. ‘’ They must have killed Maria and Patrick.
‘’ It was Paul.’’ I say suddenly.
‘’ How do you know?’’ Questions Robert.
‘’ Remember, he was outside for a while with them alone. He must have loosened the chains.’’ I explain, leaving out the part of me seeing the shadow as we pulled out of the estate.
‘’ Let’s search the place. The walkers may still be inside.’’ Warns Greg and we check all the rooms on the bottom floor.
They are all clear, no signs of any walkers.
We slowly make our way upstairs, Greg leads with his gun in his hand. Olivia hands me her handgun, and we climb the flight of stairs in silence. 
At the top of the stairs is the corpse of one of the walkers that had been out the back – the scientist who allowed herself to turn so Maria and Patrick could study her. She is lying against the wall with a large clump of her head missing, it was obviously bashed open with some sort of hammer.
We take a few minutes to search the rest of the floor but we quickly conclude that apart from this walker, the bedrooms are all clear.
‘’ It’s safe.’’ Says Greg and finally we relax – to some extent.
We begin heading back down the stairs then Olivia pauses.
‘’ Shh.’’ She whispers. ‘’ Did you hear that?’’
‘’ Hear what?’’ I ask.
‘’ The attic.’’ She says in a hushed voice and we head back upstairs.
Flashbacks begin to fill my mind. My whole family in the attic, walkers all over the house. My uncle changing and attacking us. Neither a happy nor easily forgettable memory.
Greg stands on his toes and reaches for the attic door, then pulls it down. As it falls open, there is a gasp from inside. We stand in silence, then a small head pops over the edge, staring fearfully down at us.
The person gasps, Maria.

Chapter Fifteen
Maria slowly descends from the attic, a look of horror painted across her face. She climbs down and stands beside us, remaining silent. She begins to shake her head slowly, and then she begins to bawl.
‘’ I think they got Patrick.’’ She roars, tears running down her face. ‘’ He ran, led them away, said he’d be back.’’
Jane wraps her arms around the woman, who shakes and shudders as she cries into Jane’s shoulders.
‘’ Don’t worry. He’ll be back soon.’’ Promises Jane blindly, trying to calm the woman down.
I stay silent, guilt and sadness welling up inside me. I saw the shadow, I knew what was happening, I stayed silent, this is entirely my fault.
Not only are you a thief, now you’re a killer. Taunts my inner voice.
‘’ It’s alright. C’mon, let’s go down stairs and get you some tea.’’ Whispers Jane soothingly as she leads the woman towards the stairs, the rest of us stay where we are.
‘’ Why did you come back anyway?’’ She sobs as they walk. ‘’ And weren’t there more of you?’’
‘’ That doesn’t matter at the moment, let’s just go downstairs and calm down OK?’’ Replies Jane, Maria just nods slowly.
When the two women are out of earshot, Greg speaks up.
‘’ We can’t leave yet, we have to stay with Maria, try convince her to come with us. And I know it is very unlikely, but Patrick may still be alive, so we should wait here for a while. If he isn’t though, we will take her with us. So we will stay here for a few days, collect some supplies, more petrol, try make it back to the school and to the vehicles and whatever supplies are left and then we continue towards the city.’’  He explains quickly, nobody argues – nobody has the strength to as we are all too exhausted, both mentally and physically.
We head downstairs, finding Maria and Jane in the kitchen, sitting at the mahogany table covered in notes in the corner of the room. Maria is still gently sobbing, but Jane is doing her best at comforting her. 
‘’ I shouldn’t have insisted on experimenting. Patrick knew it wasn’t a good idea, but I convinced him it would be OK. It’s my fault he’s dead.’’ She cries, her head disappearing into her hands.
‘’ Look at me.’’ Says Jane, and Maria sadly raises her puffy red face. ‘’ This is not your fault; you were doing fine until we came along. If anything it is our fault. And who says he is even dead? I know we don’t know him at all, but he looks like a man that can take care of himself. He’ll be fine.’’
‘’ We wasted so much time, taking notes, observing them, all for nothing.’’ She cries, shaking again. ‘’ He’s dead now. I just know it. He’s been gone for so long.’’
‘’ It wasn’t all in vein, you passed that knowledge onto us, it kept us safer. Thank you.’’ Says Greg, adding to Jane’s encouragement.
‘’ Thank you won’t bring Patrick back.’’ She sobs, a hint of anger in her tone, although not towards us, however that is expected after what has just happened to her.
Nobody replies to this.
‘’ Where’s the rest of your group?’’ She questions again after a few minutes.
‘’ Dead. The people that were with us, Rick, Rosie and Paul betrayed us. They got us inside the school and set the place on fire. We barely made it out alive.’’ Explains Jane bitterly, just saying it aloud makes us all realise how horribly we were played.
‘’ That stupid man, he did it! He cut our test subjects loose. Everything was going so well.’’ Mutters Maria angrily – referring to Paul.
‘’ They are not nice people.’’ Adds Olivia in an equally anger filled tone.
I almost defend Rosie’s name, she did tried to save us although I hold my tongue.
Maria doesn’t respond, she wipes her eyes and very slightly nods her head, understanding and agreeing with the statement, as harsh as it may seem. From the front of the house, there is a sound - banging on the door - and all of our heads shoot towards the hallway, nobody makes a sound. 
I throw my bag down and rip out the gun I have, the last one I have. Greg does the same and we cautiously wait for the knock again.
‘’ Please! Let us in!’’ Yells a voice through the letter box, the voice of a young girl.
‘’ Let them in!’’ Yells Maria, shocked by our hesitation. ‘’ Hurry up! They’re only kids!’’
My mind wanders back to the last time I was here, those words...Bad things followed the last time we showed mercy like this. 
‘’ Go!’’ Screams Maria again.
We sprint to the door and pull it open, two young girls stand in front of us, their faces caked in sweat and dirt, their clothes in tatters, both are breathing heavily. They push forwards in the room, I remain frozen on the spot, as does Greg. It is only the girl’s frantic screaming that snaps me back to reality.
‘’ Quickly! Close it!’’ Screams the older looking one and it is only when my eyes adjust to the dark streets outside that I see why they are so scared, scattered around the estate, all slowly moving towards us are a giant horde of walkers, easily more than fifty.
I slam the door, and Greg begins to bolt it shut as I run into the kitchen.
‘’ Quickly! Grab everything you can, we need to get into the attic. Like, now!’’ I scream, running into the kitchen, lifting up my bag off the floor and pulling open the presses above the oven, ripping out tins of food and shoving them into my bag.
‘’ What’s happening?’’ Asks Olivia. ‘’ You’ve gone as white as snow.’’
I can’t respond, there is a lump in my throat and I can barely breathe. We are trapped, like sitting ducks. Just like last time.
‘’ Walkers.’’ Yells Greg as he bursts into the kitchen. ‘’ Attic, now!’’
As the others rush upstairs to the attic, only hoping it is safe enough, myself and Greg empty out the contents of the press, shoving as much food as we can into our bags.
Somewhere towards the front of the house, there is a smashing of glass as a hand and bloody arm crashes through the window and begins clawing uselessly at the air. It is obviously one of the windows that were not damaged the last time we were attacked here.
‘’ This’ll have to do.’’ Screams Greg. ‘’ Let’s go!’’
Before we run for the stairs, I turn and grab the pile of notes from the counter top, grabbing the majority of them and then I turn and follow Greg down the hallway. More of the walkers continue to break through, hands crash through the glass of the window in the sitting room, however planks of wood prevent them from climbing in – at least for now.
As we stride up the stairs, taking them two at a time, the front door bashes open, a long string of walkers forcing their way through. When we reach the top of the stairs, they are already beginning to climb up after us.
‘’ Quickly!’’ Screams Olivia from the attic. ‘’ They’re gaining!’’
Great pep talk there sis, keep it up. I think to myself as we run and actually manage to smile somehow.
Greg reaches the ladder first and tosses his bag upwards, then grabs mine off me and does the same. He shoves me towards the ladder and as I climb, he turns and begins firing his gun at the approaching walkers, hitting each one he aims for in the face, sending each of them falling to the floor, dead almost instantly.
As my head enters the attic, countless hands grab me by my clothes and pull me upwards quickly, I am thrown to the floor and then they do the same for Greg. Greg is thrown onto the floor beside me but before the attic door and ladder are pulled up, there are two walkers ascending it, moving towards us hungrily.
Robert kicks the first one hard in the face with his heavy hiking boot; his foot sinking partially into the monster’s rotting face. It falters backwards and falls back down, taking the other one with it. Without hesitation, Robert and Sinead pull the ladder up, it folds together and the door shuts, sealing us off from the walkers.
From somewhere beside me in the dark room, Sinead begins to sob. Robert’s soothing voice begins to comfort her, however her voice is louder.
‘’ She’s gone. I can’t believe she’s really gone.’’ She cries, Robert simply tells her it’ll be OK – probably the biggest lie of the new world, things are never OK. 
I climb up onto a small box, full of old Christmas decorations that will most likely never be touched again. Outside I have a view down on the street, which is dark, as the moon is hidden by a cloudy sky. But I can see slight movement, black shapes shifting in the darkness, moving towards the house.
‘’ The least we can do for now is wait until morning. It’d be stupid to try anything now.’’ I whisper to Greg, who has appeared beside me. ‘’ Plus, we can’t leave Maria.’’
He doesn’t respond aloud, instead he nods then turns around to face the group.
‘’ Where did you two girls come from anyway?’’ He asks. ‘’ How did you know we were here?’’
‘’ We were in the school, we’ve been there for quite a while, observing the zombies.’’ Explains the older of the girls, looking no more than thirteen or fourteen.
‘’ What?’’ Gasps Robert. ‘’ You’ve been tailing them?’’ 
‘’ Are you out of your minds?’’ Questions Jane.
‘’ It’s the only way we could stay safe.’’ Begins the girl.
‘’ What do you mean-‘’ I begin but Maria interrupts.
‘’ Ingenious.’’ She utters, her voice almost a whisper, yet so full of admiration for the two girls.
‘’ What do you mean?’’ I ask.
‘’ Because they were so close to the walkers, the smell of the horde drowned out their scent, they were perfectly hidden.’’ Explains Maria, the girl simply nods.
‘’ We saw what happened to you. We were hiding in the greenhouse thing, we tried to warn you with our torch, but you didn’t see it.’’ She explains.
‘’ What do you mean warn us?’’ Asks Robert, my mind flickers back to the lights from the greenhouse I mistook for the setting sun. ‘’ How did you know what they were going to do?’’
‘’ The people you were with, the ones that left you. They were at the school before, about a week or two ago. We followed them, we were just about to call out to them when we overheard what they were saying.’’ Begins the younger girl, maybe ten years old.
‘’ They planned it. They were going to find a group in the town, trick them into trusting them, and then betray them and take all their supplies.’’ Continues the older girl.
‘’ They sounded like they’d done it plenty of times before.’’ Adds the younger girl.
‘’ What about Thomas and Merissa?’’ I ask, speaking of the couple that were left on guard with the traitors.
‘’ The ones that were with the evil ones?’’ Asks the young girl.
‘’ Yes.’’ I say.
The older girl shakes her head. ‘’ The guy with the crossbow killed them, he was sick. They were begging him, crying and pleading for mercy. He shot them and dumped their bodies in a ditch near the exit gate.’’
‘’ Bastard.’’ Mutters Robert loudly, causing the two girls to wince backwards.
‘’ Language.’’ Scolds Jane.
There is a crashing sound downstairs, and the sound of shattering glass. It takes me a second to realise why we are actually up here, then I remember the walkers downstairs.
‘’ We will have to stay up here.’’ Says Greg. ‘’ It’s way too dangerous to try anything at night with those freaks outside.’’
‘’ I can’t believe them.’’ I say suddenly without meaning to, thinking aloud.
‘’ They seemed so genuine. That guy Paul was a bit sketchy, but I really trusted Rick and Rosie.’’ Adds Robert, not really making me feel better. 
‘’ At least Rosie tried to warn us.’’ Offers Jane, although nobody responds to that.
I see Olivia staring at me in my peripheral vision, sensing my depression over Rosie and I glance at her. She smiles weakly and I fake one in response, then look away again.
‘’ If that even is their real names.’’ Mutters Sinead toxically, probably not meaning to, but making me feel even worse – if that was even possible! Although she has a good reason to be furious, she just lost her sister because of them.
‘’ We overheard the woman too.’’ Begins the older of the two girls. ‘’ She really didn’t want to do that to anyone. She still had signs of being human left in her, unlike the other two monsters.’’
‘’ She was no better than them.’’ Argues Sinead. ‘’ She knew what was happening all along and she said nothing.’’ 
‘’ Maybe they told her they wouldn’t do it, just to shut her up.’’ Suggests Robert, sensing that her harsh comments about Rosie are hurting me.
‘’ As soon as she found out, she warned us. She did her best.’’ I add.
‘’ Whatever. It’s my sister that’s dead. Not yours.’’ She mutters quietly, more so sad than angry and we all silence.
I glance over at the two newcomers, it’s obvious they are sisters – the older ones just looks like a slightly taller version of the younger girl. Both have brown hair than elongates roughly as far as their shoulders with similarly coloured eyes. They are slender and their faces are a mixture of freckles, dirt and dried blood.
‘’ How long had you been following them?’’ Asks Maria after a few moments of silence in the attic, the noises of walkers surrounding the house getting slightly louder with each passing second. ‘’ The walkers I mean.’’
‘’ A few weeks.’’ Begins the girl.
‘’ Weeks?’’ Gasps Maria. ‘’ You two are either really brave or simply silly.’’ 
‘’ Brave.’’ Smiles the younger one with a smile and it spreads throughout the room.
‘’ Were they in the school that whole time?’’ I ask. ‘’ The walkers I mean.’’
‘’ Oh no. We followed them from the city.’’ Answers the older of the two.
‘’ The city?’’ We gasp as a collective group, almost in sync.
‘’ Yeah.’’ She nods, looking deeply confused. ‘’ Why?’’
‘’ Why did you leave?’’ Asks Olivia.
‘’ It’s bloody dangerous!’’ Answers the younger girl. ‘’Walkers everywhere!’’ 
‘’ Were there no other survivors?’’ Asks Greg, ignoring the word the girls have christened the infected.
‘’ We only came across a few. Plus, not many groups wanted to take in two young girls, especially the hardcore survivors whose survivalist instincts were to help themselves before others. They only saw us as extra weight and obviously didn’t think we could work.’’ 
 ‘’ Where are your parents?’’ Asks Sinead, and as soon as she says it, I sense the mood of the girls change. Already I have an almost certain idea of why.
‘’ Dead.’’ Says the younger one. ‘’ Long ago.’’
‘’ I promised my father I’d take care of her no matter what.’’ Explains the older one, nudging her head towards her sister.
‘’ Have you been alone this whole time?’’ Asks Greg.
‘’ No. There were a few more of us at the beginning. All picked off by the walkers one by one.’’ Explains the girl. 
‘’ I’m sorry, we didn’t even ask you your names.’’ Interrupts Jane, knowing where the girl is going.
‘’ I’m Charlie.’’ Smiles the older one, revealing a set of crooked yet pearly white teeth. ‘’ And this is Ella.’’
‘’ Are you hungry?’’ Asks Maria. ‘’ How on earth did you have time to search for food when you were following those walkers around all the time?’’
‘’ There were these people. They gave us food and clothing and drink and weapons.’’ Explains Ella.
‘’ We just told them what we knew from following the walkers around.’’ Adds Charlie.
‘’ What?’’ Gasps Maria, realising this could be the same group she and Patrick bartered with. ‘’ When was the last time you spoke to them?’’ 
‘’ A while ago, days...They are dead.’’ Answers Charlie gloomily and Ella looks down at the ground. 
‘’ Oh.’’ Replies Maria plainly, her face darkening. ‘’ What happened to them?’’
‘’ They just got overpowered one day. Weapons are good, but when you’re surrounded from all sides, with innumerable walkers around you, even the best can go down.’’ Explains Charlie – the older girl.
‘’ Just like dad and the others.’’ Adds Ella.
‘’ Yeah, just like them.’’ Mutters Charlie.
‘’ I’m sorry.’’ Says Jane simply.
‘’ I guess it was sort of a good thing we were forced from the school.’’ Begins Charlie. ‘’ It made us move on faster. We knew we had to move, but we were too afraid. We liked it there, we felt safe. The fire gave us incentive.’’ 
‘’ What age are you anyway?’’ Asks Greg.
‘’ I’m fifteen. And Ella’s twelve.’’ She answers, and we all gasp aloud.
 ‘’ That young!? You two are braver than most adults I know.’’ Compliments Greg and the girls giggle.
‘’ I’m glad we found you.’’ Admits Ella. ‘’ I like more people.’’
Before any of us can respond, there is a crashing sound from outside and a car alarm begins to scream through the relative silence.
‘’ Great. Now the whole bloody town will be here.’’ I moan, stepping up onto the Christmas decorations box and staring outside the window.
The streets are almost pitch black, I can vaguely make out shapes of moving walkers because of how long my eyes have been in the dark, but it is still difficult to see much. They are simply dark silhouettes against an even darker background.
 The lights of a car at the entrance to the estate are flashing on and off, illuminating the area around it, obviously one of the walkers hit off it and now it’s acting like a magnet.
‘’ Do you see that?’’ Whispers Olivia, appearing beside me, scaring the life out of me.
‘’ What?’’ I ask, but then I see it.
What set off the alarm wasn’t a walker, it was a person. A living, breathing, fully limbed person. Sprinting towards the house, running in the middle of the road, with a knot of walkers pursuing him, is Patrick!
 
Chapter Sixteen
‘’ What is it?’’ Asks Greg, appearing beside Olivia and I.
I cannot speak; I simply gape out the window at Patrick, running along the road being chased by an uncountable number of walkers. He looks as though he has been running for a long time, he is sweating and a look of pure terror is painted across his dirt smeared face. Olivia lifts her finger and points towards Patrick. 
‘’ Oh God.’’ He whispers quietly.
‘’ What?’’ Asks Maria, stepping towards the window, apparently he wasn’t quiet enough.
‘’ It’s nothing.’’ Greg lies, and steps down from the window. ‘’ Some walker must’ve set off the car alarm, they are all standing around it.’’
He begins to lead Maria away from the window, and for a moment I don’t understand why. Olivia clearly notices my confusion and whispers in my ear.
‘’ She presumes he’s already dead, so by not saying anything, it mean’s she’ll be happy if he turns up and no sadder if he doesn’t. He’s sparing her from getting her hopes up only to have them snatched from her at the last moment.’’ She explains and I nod in understanding.
I realise Greg is probably doing the woman a great favour even though it may seem a tad unfair on her, and I begin to head back to the others. Then something outside makes us all freeze where we stand.
‘’ Maria!’’ Screams a male voice from somewhere outside, Patrick. His voice is full of fear.
‘’ Patrick!’’ She shrieks deafeningly loud. She gets to her feet and sprints towards the window of the attic and peers out into the night. ‘’ Patrick!’’ 
‘’ Shh!’’ Whispers Greg loudly. ‘’ You’ll draw more attention to us.’’
‘’ I don’t care! Patrick is out there! We have to help him!’’ She screams, jumping from the window and running towards the ladder leading back into the house.
Before anyone can stop her, she rips open the attic entrance and throws down the foldable ladder, however she stops in her tracks. Beneath us are walkers, about ten of them, all glaring up into the attic, their bloody teeth seemingly grinning towards us.
Sinead and Jane grab Maria by her shoulders and drag her backwards before she does anything stupid. Within a matter of seconds, the first of the walkers have begun ascending the ladder into the attic, its ugly, scar ridden scalp popping up and facing us.
Ella and Charlie back slowly towards the closest wall, putting as much distance between them and the walker as possible, despite how brave they must’ve been to have stalked the horde, they look very scared now. 
Robert leaps forwards, smashing the skull of the walker in with a golf club – from an old set of my dad’s that I forgot he had – sending him falling backwards down the ladder. Maria suddenly rips the golf club from Robert and jumps forwards, leaping down through the attic entrance and landing on the carpeted floor of the landing below, among the increasing number of walkers.
‘’ Maria no!’’ Yells Jane, horrified, however Maria ignores her.
She smashes violently at the creatures around her, mercilessly and effectively - somehow sending walkers down one after the next. The power of love.
‘’ C’mon!’’ I yell, grabbing my gun and shoving it into my pocket, then grabbing a golf club.
‘’ What?’’ Gasps Greg in shock.
‘’ She is going to get herself killed, we have to help!’’ I yell, and before he can argue, I jump down after Maria.
As I am in the air, I feel a pang of fear and regret. I shouldn’t have jumped. Is this how those committing suicide feel? Their last thoughts ones regretting their decision, a decision to end their life? That’s basically what this is, unless Greg follows me, both Maria and I are dead meat.
My feet hit the floor and I quickly grab my gun from its holster. I am shocked at the amount of walkers actually here and I fire twice, sending the two closest pursuers down.
‘’ Stay here!’’ Orders Greg to the others from above me, and then he jumps down, landing beside me.
We follow after Maria, a trail of walkers either twitching or completely stiff on the floor behind her reveal the route she has taken through the house. She continuously smashes at anything that comes near her, knocking them down in one ferocious swing, roaring out with anger every time the club makes impact.
We follow her, trying to catch up - before she ends up trapping herself - whilst fighting off anything that gets too close to us. We sprint after her as she strides down the stairs, taking them four at a time and reaching the bottom in three large leaps. The bottom floor of the house is less crowded; all of the walkers have been drawn outside to Patrick who seems to be running in circles around the estate, drawing the walkers away from us.
Without hesitation, Maria dives through the completely shattered window and leaps into the garden, smashing the golf club hard straight into a walker’s face. I continue after her but before I leave the safety of the house, Greg puts his hand on my shoulder and holds me inside.
‘’ What are you doing?’’ I yell, firing my gun at a walker coming up behind Maria. ‘’ We have to safe them!’’
‘’ No. We’re not going out there.’’ He says. 
‘’ But we have to help-‘’ I begin, but he cuts me off.
‘’ There’s nothing we can do for her. You know that. She’s going to save Patrick, if they make it, great, but there is no point spilling our blood as well. We’ve lost enough people tonight. It’s very unlikely they’ll get out of this mess.  Now, follow me, we need to get more supplies, we don’t know how long we could be up there for.’’ He says, and as harsh as it sounds, I know he is right.
I take one last glance outside, and almost as though whatever higher power that exists heard Greg’s harsh words, I see Patrick fumble and trip. He falls to the ground and before he even has a chance to turn himself around onto his back to try fight off the living dead, they are upon him. He screams and his roars echo throughout the street. Then he disappears from sight beneath a horde of the flesh hungry monsters. Maria roars as she sees this and dives into the crowd of walkers, also disappearing.
Greg turns and heads down the hallway and into the kitchen. He begins grabbing all the notes from the countertops, piling them up in his arms and then instructs me to do the same. I run to the kitchen table where more notebooks and refill pads are scattered – all full of information on the walkers that Maria and Patrick had been testing.
In a matter of minutes we have cleaned out the kitchen of the notes and then we begin grabbing some more food from the presses as well. We grab mostly tinned food, although there is not a lot – this supply might last us a couple of days, and that’s if we are extremely stingy with our portioning. A few moments later, I lead the way back up the stairs, Greg follows closely behind, there are no sign of any walkers inside the house now.
‘’ Into the bedrooms, we can get some blankets and pillows, it could get cold in the attic.’’ He instructs and we run into the first bedroom, my parent’s room.
 He quickly rips the sheets from the bed and I grab the pillows, we then turn and return to the ladder leading to the attic. Everyone sits in silence, staring down at us.
‘’ Where’s Maria?’’ Asks Jane.
‘’ She ran outside.’’ I reply quickly, tossing the pillows and notebooks up into the attic.
‘’ What? You left her out there?’’ Gasps Olivia with a shout.
‘’ There’s no time to explain now. We need to get as much supplies as we can into the attic, we could be in here for a while with the amount of walkers out there.’’ Calls Greg as he ascends the ladder with the duvet, squeezing it through the small entrance.
Robert and Olivia climb down the ladder after Greg. Sinead and Jane stay with the two girls and the supplies. We quickly raid the bedrooms, grabbing everything we can, the fact that the walkers outside could come back in any second makes us work twice as fast.
I take my bedroom next, placing all the pillows in the centre of the bed, then fold the four corners of the blue duvet together like a bindle and carrying it out onto the landing. I climb into the attic with it, which now resembled what my sitting room used to look like on a Sunday morning when myself and Olivia were little. The duvets resemble carpets on the floor, and the pillows are stacked into towers around the edges of the small room, making it look like some sort of fortified castle.
‘’ That’s everything.’’ Says Greg between heavy breathing, climbing into the attic behind me with the others right behind him. ‘’ We’ll get through the night.’’ 
‘’ What about Maria and Patrick?’’ Asks Jane when Greg and Robert shut the attic roof. ‘’ Where are they? What happened to them?’’
‘’ They’re as good as dead.’’ Says Robert gloomily, glancing out the window. ‘’ She shouldn’t have gone out there. You two did the right thing by not following.’’
This silences the room, we’ve just lost two more people. I climb back up onto the wooden crate of old Christmas decorations and stare out the window. The hordes of the undead are still plaguing the streets however there is no sign of Patrick or Maria.
We sit in silence for a few minutes, the only noise are the walkers moving about out on the street outside. We all climb into our sleeping bags and wrap ourselves up in the duvets, forming a circle around an imaginary centre point.
‘’ Did you notice that all five newcomers from the lighthouse died today?’’ Asks Olivia after a while. ‘’ All five of them lost their lives because of Rick.’’
‘’ There is something seriously wrong with people like Rick and Paul...’’ Explains Robert, almost making an excuse for what the bandits did to us.
‘’ I don’t understand though.’’ Continues Olivia. ‘’ The world has gone to hell, so many of the human race has been wiped out, why are we still fighting amongst ourselves when we all have a common enemy.’’
‘’ People like Rick were obviously messed up before this whole thing started, his brain is warped. The way he sees it, it’s survival of the fittest, scramble competition simply won’t work.’’ Explains Robert.
‘’ Scramble competition?’’ I repeat.
‘’ It’s when all the organisms in an area use its resources until they have depleted, everyone gets an equal share.’’ States Olivia robotically, almost impatiently, Robert nods.
‘’ Oh sorry, I didn’t do geography.’’ I offer in my defence.
‘’ That’s biology.’’ Says Olivia.
‘’ Oh.’’ I reply, and surprisingly, that earns a laugh from the room, even Olivia cracks a smile.
‘’ Everyone, try get some sleep. We are safe here.’’ Smiles Robert after a few moments, comforting the others.
Greg and Robert sit either side of me; all three of us have refill pads full of the scientist’s notes sitting on our laps. I flick open the cover page and read the inside.
‘’ Subject A – Behavioural Diary 
Day One ‘’

‘’ This is one of the first ones they wrote.’’ I say. ‘’ It’s day one of the day they caught their walker I think.’’ 
‘’ This book starts off at day seventy four. Subject B.’’ Explains Robert.
‘’ This one just says ‘Points to Note’.’’ Says Greg. ‘’ It’s just full of everything they know about the walkers.’’
‘’ Let’s all have a read and see what we can find out about these. The more we know the better.’’ Suggests Robert, and we get to work.
I briefly skim read the first few pages, detailing the first few days of its captivity; this is the diary of the male walker. According to what they found in his wallet, he was just over the age of forty and he was Irish. He was the reason there was a second patient, when the scientists were trying to capture him, he bit one of them who then sacrificed herself for the good of science, volunteering to be a patient for them to study.
He showed basic signs of human intelligence, the ability to walk, eat, drink, average sight and hearing, however he couldn’t talk, only moan – like all of the infected we’ve encountered. He refused to eat anything non-living for a long, long time, nearly dying of starvation. He only ate non-living food when he was on death’s door. This was obviously before they were able to get him live food which they bartered from the another group of survivors.
He grew stronger and more intelligent with the more he ate, he fiddled with his restraints and tried to pry them loose after he ate. Before eating however, he just slumped around, trying to walk towards the scientists and choking himself in the process. They seem to be affected differently by hunger, they can go longer periods of time without eating and it also seems that they don’t need water. Their speed and intelligence depends on their diet – like humans in a way, I suppose.
I read through the first few days, apparently they began fighting with each other when they had not been given live food. They tried to kill each other as opposed to eating what they were given. 
 ‘’ What is in that one Greg?’’ Asks Robert, pointing at the book in Greg’s grasp and interrupting my reverie.
‘’ It’s actually pretty interesting.’’ He replies, keeping his eyes on the pages in front of him.
‘’ What does it say?’’ I ask.
 ‘’ According to this, the walkers are faster and smarter in the city.’’ Explains Greg, reading from his refill pad of notes. ‘’ The group that Maria and Patrick bartered with came from the city, told them about it and how they left there as soon as possible. It also says they seem to be able to communicate without words.’’
‘’ Like telepathy?’’ I ask, confused.
‘’ I dunno. When the female one was trying to loosen her constraints, the male one began to help her. Maybe it’s just common sense, but I thought that was what made us stronger than them, our knowledge. It’s scary to think what they could be capable of.’’ Says Greg.
‘’ According to this, their health and knowledge depends on their diet. Like you said, they’re apparently stronger in the city, well maybe that’s because of the amount of people there. Because there aren’t many in this town, they are surviving on scraps.’’ I suggest. 
‘’ Are you sure going to the city is a good idea?’’ Asks Robert suddenly, clearly frightened by our conversation. ‘’ I mean, from all the things we have heard, it sounds awfully dangerous.’’
‘’ I need to go. I have to find my parents. If that means taking Olivia on my own, so be it. But I have to find them, I promised her.’’ I say, hating the thought of having to split from Greg and the others, they may not be much, but they are the closest things to family I have at the moment and even if I found my real family, I’d still want them around.
‘’ I think we should go to the city.’’ Begins Greg and I let out a small sigh of relief. ‘’ If something has been done by the army or the government to help the survivors, the city is where they’d most likely go to first.’’ 
‘’ Yeah. I suppose so.’’ Nods Robert quietly, although he doesn’t seem convinced.
‘’ What is the plan then?’’ I ask.
‘’ I think we should stay here for a day or two, maybe more and collect as much supplies as we can from the surrounding houses. We can get petrol from the cars then head back to the school, get the vehicles and leave from there.’’ Suggests Greg.
‘’ Sounds like a plan.’’ I agree.
‘’ Let’s start tomorrow. For now, let’s call it a day.’’ Says Robert after a long and infectious yawn.
‘’ Night.’’ I say, placing the refill pad down and turning onto my side, curling up in the sleeping bag.
‘’ Goodnight.’’ They reply in sync.
Surprisingly, I nod off fairly quickly. Perhaps the fact that I haven’t stopped all day can take its toll, but I fall asleep almost as soon as my head hits my pillow and fall into a nightmare-free and peaceful sleep.

Chapter Seventeen
I wake to a scream and even though I am still half asleep, I jump to my feet and draw my gun. The others get up quickly too, Greg already at his feet beside me. The cries filling the room belong to Ella, lying in the corner tossing in her sleep. Her sister is holding her, trying to wake her up. She’s obviously having a night terror, something I think everyone has begun to suffer from nowadays. Although after everything we’ve seen, it’s expected. Watching family members turn on you, friends dying before your eyes, the once innocent becoming cruel.
‘’ Ella! Wake up!’’ Yells Charlie to her sister, shaking her shoulders gently.
The young girl’s eyes suddenly shoot open, and she jolts upwards, sitting upright, sweat flowing down her fear-ridden face.
‘’ It’s OK Ella.’’ Begins Charlie reassuringly. ‘’ It was just a bad dream.’’
‘’ It seemed so real.’’ Sobs Ella and then she bursts into tears.
Charlie wraps her sister tightly into a cuddle and Ella cries into Charlie’s shoulder freely, shaking as she sobs.
‘’ I keep remembering that day when-‘’ Begins Ella, but Charlie.
‘’ Yeah, yeah. I know.’’ She interrupts. ‘’ Don’t worry, you’re safe now.’’
Ella doesn’t respond, she just nods slowly and continues to sob.
‘’ We should go check out the houses surrounding us soon.’’ Says Greg quietly to me while sneaking a glance out the window. ‘’ Surprisingly, most of the walkers seem to have gone. We could easily pick off the ones left outside.’’
I nod once and then glance back over to the two young girls. Jane and Olivia are now sitting beside them, comforting Ella.
‘’ We should go now, get an early start.’’ I suggest.
‘’ Sinead, Robert. Come here.’’ Calls Greg and the two join us. He smiles weakly at them, trying to lighten the mood. ‘’ Let’s go exploring.’’
I grab my bag and empty it out, putting my gun into my pocket and grabbing one of my dad’s old golf clubs as well. I stick a water bottle into the side pocket and then put on my coat.
Greg gently opens the entrance to the attic, and we stay silent as he sticks his head over the edge and peers into the hallway.
‘’ All clear.’’ He whispers and descends the ladder.
I follow him with Sinead and Robert close behind me. We creep along the landing and come to the stairs leading down, the front door visible from the top of the stairs. The door has been forced inwards, its hinges broken off and the wood has splintered. The two small windows on either side of it are smashed and bloody glass litters the floor around the windows.
From somewhere behind us, in the kitchen, there is a moaning sound. 
‘’ I will go check it out.’’ Explains Greg, pulling a long kitchen knife from a small sheath on his belt. ‘’ You all wait here, I’ll be right back.’’
He disappears momentarily and there is a loud thud as something hits the ground, he then returns, wiping blood from the silvery blade in his hand. 
‘’ Just a walker.’’ He explains dismissively. ‘’ Let’s move.’’
The estate is reasonably quiet, considering the sheer amount of walkers that plagued it last night. Only a handful wander aimlessly about – nothing worrying. 
‘’ Let’s go house to house, begin at the last and work our way back towards the others.’’ Suggests Greg, we all nod.
‘’ We should split up, two and two.’’ Begins Robert. ‘’ I’ll take Sinead, Greg you take Mark.’’
‘’ OK.’’ Smiles Greg. ‘’ We better get started then.’’
‘’ What exactly are we looking out for?’’ Asks Sinead. ‘’ Anything special?’’
‘’ Food, clothing, weapons mostly, and also be on the lookout for any vehicles we can borrow petrol from.’’ Explains Greg.
‘’ I like how you say borrow.’’ I grin and the others laugh with me.
‘’ Let’s go.’’ Says Robert and the four of us move along the estate, walking in the middle of the road, making our way towards the entrance to begin at the first houses.
The first house once belonged to an old woman; she’d lived there as long as I could remember. I was always frightened of her as a child because some of the older kids would call her a witch – due to the abnormal amount of cats she had, and the creepiness of her dark house. 
Also, she lived alone, it wasn’t until later that I realised she had had a husband, however he had passed away.  Quite stupid logic but kids can be quite naive. I have to admit though, it did make some of the games we played more interesting.
Greg leads the way, gently pushing the already open dark brown wooden door inwards, and we head inside.
‘’ The bloody stink in here.’’ He moans and we both cup our sleeves over our nose and mouth, a feeble attempt to block out the putrid smell of death.
‘’ Maybe we should skip this one.’’ I suggest.
‘’ Let’s just have a quick look. See if there is anything we can use.’’ He says.
‘’ Ok.’’ I reply and we head deeper into the house, moving down the hall towards the kitchen.
As we move along the hall, the smell intensifies, getting much worse as we move on. Greg cautiously pushes open the kitchen door, the knife gripped in his free hand. I grasp the golf club tighter in my hand, along with the a gun in the other – just in case.
As the door swings open, I get a quick glance at the kitchen just before I throw up. There is blood splattered over everything, the white tiles are covered with blood, as are the countertops and the windows, somehow, there is even blood on the ceiling. There are half-eaten carcasses of cats scattered around the room, also covered in blood.
The carcasses that litter the room are cats which I recognise; they would always be wandering around the estate. I spot a fluffy white one – named Fluffy if I remember correctly – whose hind legs have been torn off and are missing. Its neck is also snapped at a disgusting angle and it is missing an eye.
I never cared much for cats, I was always a dog lover, but this is just disgusting and cruel. I spot another, a ginger cat that has had its stomach completely torn open, its intestines stretched across the floor.  
In the corner of the room, hanging from a rope tied in a noose, is a walker. It is the woman that used to live here. She wears a simple white shirt with a pink cardigan over it. She has a yellow skirt on, but her legs have been torn off from the knees down. Her hair is a matted mess, most of it has fallen out, revealing a scabby, red scalp. Her nose has begun to rot away, only half is left and the bones are visible beneath a red mess of blood.
‘’ What the hell?’’ I gasp in confusion.
‘’ I guess it makes sense.’’ Says Greg.
‘’ How? How did a walker tie itself up there?’’ I ask. ‘’ I didn’t know they were that smart.’’
‘’ It didn’t.’’ He says simply. ‘’ Whoever that woman was, tried to kill herself. Then she came back. Just like Bruno did. Only nobody took her down before she changed.’’
‘’ She looks really skinny.’’ I note.
‘’ Probably hasn’t eaten in days, maybe weeks.’’ He says. ‘’ I read in the journal that the walkers can starve to death, it just takes them a lot longer than it takes us.’’
‘’ That doesn’t explain the cats.’’ I add.
‘’ Well there were other walkers in the area last night, they probably did it.’’  He suggests.‘’ Quite sad to see. Poor things. Probably didn’t even know what was happening.’’ 
‘’ Did you have a cat?’’ I ask.
‘’ No. But my mum had two. Fern and Tinkerbelle.’’ He explains.
‘’ Tinkerbelle?’’ I grin.
‘’ What?’’ He asks defensively, but then breaks a smile. ‘’ Did you have any?’’
‘’ No. But I had a dog.’’ I explain.
‘’ What happened to it.’’ He asks.
‘’ We had it put down, before this got all serious. My mum was scared that we’d get separated from it and it would be eaten or something. I swear, she loved that dog more than she loved me or Olivia.’’ I grin.
‘’ What do you think happened to her legs.’’ Wonders Greg aloud. ‘’ The walker I mean, not the cat.’’
‘’ In the journal I was reading last night, it said that the two captive walkers tried to kill and eat each other when they were starving. Perhaps some of the horde from last night got in, the weaker and hungrier ones and ate all of her they could reach.’’ I explain.
‘’ Sounds slow and painful. Let’s put this old hag out of her misery.’’ Says Greg, and in one quick motion, he jumps up and stabs the walker in the forehead, she goes limp immediately.
‘’ Let’s move on. This place stinks.’’ I suggest.
‘’ I want to check the garage first. See if there is a car, we need petrol.’’ He says. ‘’ Then I promise we’ll get out of this house, it smells like a bloody sewer!’’
We leave the kitchen, shutting the door behind us and we head back through the hall and out the front door. The garage entrance is just to the left of the front door and we head inside. Apart from the sunlight entering the small damp room from the entrance door, the garage is unlit and there is not much to see.
‘’ I forgot my torch.’’ I say. ‘’ I didn’t think we’d need them.’’
‘’ I always bring mine, just in case.’’ Smiles Greg and whips out his small pocket torch, illuminating our surroundings. 
Unlike the house itself, the garage seems untouched, everything is stacked in neat, organised bundles around the walls, garden tools, Christmas and Halloween decorations, two very old looking bicycles, two dustbins and some general junk that would only belong in a garage.
‘’ That woman’ husband, I never saw him, but my dad said that at six o’clock on the dot every evening, he’d arrive home and she’d be waiting for him at the door with a cup of coffee. He was mad into the gardening but when he died, the garden began to get overgrown, which is where I think the witch rumours must have started. My dad said she became bitter when her husband died, barely left her house.’’
‘’ Poor woman.’’ Replies Greg simply.
We begin to scavenge through the piles of stacked garden equipment and other stuff and after a few minutes of silence, Greg finds something.
‘’ Check this out!’’ Smiles Greg happily. ‘’ There’s loads of petrol here. We could head back to the school tomorrow with this find!’’
I head over to him and smile, there is a large stack of red containers, all marked as petrol in messy black handwriting.
‘’ This was a good find. There are some good weapons here too. Garden pitchforks and a large set of shears. How do we get it all back though?’’ I ask.
‘’ This.’’ Smiles Greg, grabbing a large green wheelbarrow from beside him. ’’ Just pack everything into here and we’ll bring them all back to the house.’’
We first pile all of the petrol containers inside, filling the wheelbarrow halfway to its capacity. We then pile onto it anything else that could be remotely useful; some DIY equipment, another large torch, a pair of hiking boots, an axe sitting on a shelf and some cans of paint – Greg explains we could use these to paint over windows and also to alert other survivors of our presence by painting messages on the wall of the building we are in.
‘’ Let’s head back.’’ Grins Greg, very pleased with our find. ‘’ The other’s will be happy with this.’’ 
We step back out onto the road and begin back towards the house, Greg pushes the wheelbarrow. I cover him with a gun in one hand, the axe in the other. I have never really used an axe before, but I guess there is no technique to it; you just swing as hard as you can and aim for the head.
Just as I finish the thought, a walker begins hobbling towards us, appearing behind a van and moving hungrily in our direction. I jump forwards, swinging my axe at the same time, and slice through the oncoming walker, beheading it in one clean cut. Its head hits the ground and bounces a few feet away but its body remains standing for a few seconds. I smash the hilt of the axe into the walker’s stomach and it crumples to the floor with a thump.
‘’ Nice!’’ He grins.
‘’ Thanks. My first time with one of these things.’’ I explain.
‘’ Let’s pick up the pace a bit though.’’ Suggests Greg wearily as two more walkers appear in our path.
We continue on at a steady jog, I remain about five meters or so ahead of Greg and pick off anything threatening that gets too near to us. I slice the axe through the stomach of a walker, causing its insides to spill all over the ground and I then bring down the axe through its skull. It wails in pain, then falls to the tarmac – lifeless and still.
When we reach the house, there are about five walkers slowly pursuing us. As we enter through the front door, Greg instructs me to lift the front of the wheelbarrow and we carry it up the stairs. It seems near impossible, and my arms ache as I try to lift it, but Greg puts in most of the work and after each step, we rest the wheelbarrow down. After what seems like forever, we finally reach the top of the stairs.
‘’ OK. Empty everything out of it, then we’ll head back out for more supplies.’’ He instructs, then calls up to the others in the attic. ‘’ Jane! Open up!’’
The attic door swings open and the foldable ladder slowly comes down. Greg immediately begins taking things out of the barrow, instructing the others to carry the gear up into the attic.
‘’ Wow! Where did you get all this?’’ Asks Olivia, sounding impressed as she climbs down to help.
‘’ Lucky find.’’ I explain, as I pass her two containers of petrol, one for either hand.
‘’ Here are the walkers!’’ I warn Greg as he climbs into the attic with the pitchfork and shears.
‘’ Step aside.’’ He grins and stands at the top of the stairs, looking down at five walkers.
‘’ Will I shoot them?’’ I ask, pulling out my gun.
‘’ No. I’ll handle them.’’ He smiles and shoves the empty wheelbarrow down the stairs. 
It crashes loudly as it flies down the stairs, bouncing down loudly as it hits every step deafeningly loud. It continues down the stairs and bashes into the walkers attempting to ascend towards us. It drags them down with it as it tumbles down to the ground floor with a crash and they writhe in pain, remaining on the floor.
‘’ Let’s go. Yells Greg. ‘’ We can finish them off while they’re down.’’ 
‘’ I’m coming!’’ Calls Olivia after us as we head for the stairs.
The ladder pulls upwards and the attic door closes before I have a chance to argue against it. Olivia runs after us with, a gear bag over her shoulder and a golf club gripped in her hand. I also spot a torch and a small first aid kit clipped to her belt.
We race down the stairs, the walkers lie still at the bottom, moaning and bleeding; one has even been severed in two! I step to the closest one and smash my axe down on its head, causing it to explode, sending pieces of brain and blood splattering across the floor. 
 Greg begins ramming the blade of a kitchen knife into the skulls of the walkers; they go still as he pulls the knife out. Olivia smashes with the golf club in her hand, bringing it down quickly and effectively on the skull of the closest walker. 
It surprises me how violent we have become. Only a few months ago, I would never ever have imagined having to hurt another human being so badly on purpose, let alone murder one. Its crazy what has become of the new world and how we have been forced to grow up and mature before our time. Although I wouldn’t call being able to accept murder as a normal part of daily life growing up...
‘’ Let’s head back outside.’’ Instructs Greg as he finishes cleaning his knife against the shirt of one of the walkers. Both Olivia and I nod in agreement and Greg grabs the bloody wheelbarrow and we all head back outside.
There are a few walkers on the road, but we avoid them, eager to get through as many houses as possible today, however any that do get too close are finished off quickly by Olivia and I with either my new axe or Olivia’s golf club that once belonged to our father.
We pass Robert and Sinead on the way; both are carrying large black sacks over their shoulders and Robert’s white beard and red anorak makes me think of him as Santa Claus. The fact that he has blood splattered across his stomach makes it creepy, reminding me of a friend who once dressed up as a bloody and murderous Santa Claus for Halloween. .
‘’ Find anything good?’’ Asks Greg.
‘’ Lot’s of food, the place was bloody loaded.’’ Smiles Sinead.
‘’ But it was full of walkers as well.’’ Adds Robert after a deep breath.
‘’ Just a warning, we took care of some walkers in the house, they’re at the bottom of the stairs.’’ I say and then we continue towards the next house as they head back to the others.
The door to this house is locked, so Greg sets the wheelbarrow down and takes the axe off me. He raises it over his head and slams it down hard against the brass door handle of the wooden door, smashing it to the ground. He then gently presses his hand against the door and it pushes open slowly. It creaks typically loud as he does so.
‘’ Voila!’’ He smiles. 
‘’ At least it doesn’t smell as bad as the last one.’’ I say positively and we begin moving down the hallway.
‘’ Trust me, nothing will ever smell worse than the last one.’’ Smiles Greg. ‘’ Not even your sister.’’
‘’ Hey!’’ Shouts Olivia as she playfully punches Greg and we all laugh.
We move into the kitchen and begin emptying out the presses, pulling out anything that is edible and still in date, cans of beans, tomatoes, pickles – anything we can get our hands on. Within about ten minutes, the wheelbarrow is already half full of tins of food.
‘’ Let’s head upstairs.’’ Suggests Greg. ‘’ Check the bedrooms for anything good.’’
We climb the stairs in single file, Greg leading the way, with myself bringing up the rear, Olivia between the two of us.
‘’ Have your weapons ready.’’ Warns Greg. ‘’ We don’t know if it is safe yet.’’
 ‘’ Let’s split up.’’ I suggest. ‘’ Each of us take a bedroom, search it and grab anything useful.’’
‘’ Right.’’ Smiles Olivia and I head into the first room, my axe raised.
The room clearly once belonged to a small child. There is a cot against the far wall, just under a window and the room is littered of toys. There is a carpet of foamy squares, with colour contrasting letters on them tiling the floor. The wallpaper is a bright blue, with Disney characters plastered on it, Mickey Mouse, Pluto, Donald Duck and Goofy. There are photographs on the walls, all of puppies or a baby – who I presume is the one that once owned this room.
As far as I can remember, the people that lived here had only recently moved in when the whole world went to shit, so I never got to know them.
‘’ Let’s hope your still alive out there somewhere, with your parents.’’ I mutter quietly to a photograph of the child and leave the room.
The next room is bigger, it has a large double bed in the centre with a desk in the corner. A large-screened Toshiba laptop sits on it and there are school books piled up in towers around it. The teenage boy who had lived here wasn’t in my school, and I never got to know him either but judging by the books piled up beside the laptop, we did a lot of the same subjects. 
I spot the higher level biology book which I also have, along with higher English and Irish ones. I also spot an economics book, and an ordinary level maths book. There is a French dictionary sitting on the pile as well.
 I sit down for a second in the large office swivel chair and click the power button. To my utter amazement, the laptop flashes green then turns on.
A small menu comes up, with three pictures on the screen, there are small names under each picture, ‘ Cian ‘, ‘ Richie ‘ and ‘ Guest ‘. Cian was the name of the teenager that lived him, and Richie was the father, I remember that much.
I click on ‘ Guest ‘ and a bar for a password comes up, however before I can attempt it, there is a scream from one of the rooms, Olivia.
I jump to my feet, completely forgetting about the laptop and sprinting from the room, back into the hallway where I nearly bash into Greg, who is running towards where the scream came from.
We both burst into the room and see Olivia, on the floor, with a female walker bent over her. She is screaming and struggling beneath the walker, my eyes enlarge and my jaw hits the floor, however I am rooted to the spot, unable to move. 
Greg surges forwards and digs his knife into the skull of the walker, then throws her aside. The walker flies through the air and bashes hard against a large oak wardrobe, as it impacts there is a crunching noise and it goes still. 
He helps Olivia up to her feet, she is shaking, and crying, covered in blood – not all of it hers. She glances up at me and frowns.
‘’ She bit me.’’

Chapter Eighteen
The room around me spins, my heart seemingly forces itself into my throat and I can barely breathe. I just stare blankly at Olivia, who holds her arm out in front of her, blood trickling from a fresh bite wound dug into the flesh of her left arm with a look of complete horror on her face.
‘’ No.’’ I finally stutter and then she collapses onto the floor.
I stare blankly at my sister as she begins to fall through the air, however Greg leaps forwards and catches her before she actually hits the blood drenched carpet of the room. 
Suddenly I hear nothing, just a ringing in my ears, my vision begins to blur slightly. Greg’s mouth is moving, he looks as if he is shouting but I cannot hear anything. Greg lifts Olivia up, holding his two arms out in front of him and she lies in them, arms and legs hanging limply as if she is a rag doll.
Then, as quickly as it vanished, my hearing returns and my eyesight clears.
‘’ Mark! You have to listen!’’ Screams Greg, glancing out the window behind him.
‘’ What?’’ I stutter, only catching the last sentence.
‘’ Grab the gun from my belt, you’ll need two, they are coming out of nowhere!’’ He yells.
I almost question what he means by that, but my ears suddenly tune in to a soft and loud moaning sound somewhere in the background.
I run forwards and remove the small handgun from his waist, pulling mine out at the same time, one nestled securely in each hand.
‘’ We have to move!’’ He yells. ‘’ You lead the way.’’
‘’ Where?’’ I ask – quite stupidly.
‘’ Downstairs!’’ He shouts and I lead him from the room.
We begin moving down the stairs, before we can get halfway, a walker enters through the front door and begins moving towards us. I quickly fire both guns at once, not meaning too - just an uncontrollable reaction – and send the walker falling backwards down the stairs, one bullet entering under each of his shoulder blades.
‘’ Close the door. Buy us some time!’’ Orders Greg and I run towards the door.
Before I slam it shut, I see a couple of walkers moving along the pathway of the garden and towards the door.
‘’ What’s happening?’’ I question, panting hard from fear.
‘’ Some of the walkers from last night must have gone into the houses for the night. They’re awake now though.’’ He explains and as if on cue, something outside the house begins pounding on the door – eager to get through.
Greg kicks the wheelbarrow with his foot and knocks it on its side, sending the cans of food we have packed inside crashing to the floor, clanging loudly as they impact the wood. He then screams at me to lift it back up and he gently lays Olivia in it. 
‘’ We have to get back to the house.’’ He explains, lifting the wheelbarrow up by its plastic handles. ‘’ Is there a back door?’’ 
‘’ Yeah but all of these houses have sealed gardens, we’d only be trapping ourselves.’’ I explain.
‘’ So it has to be the front door?’’ He asks.
‘’ Unfortunately.’’ I reply. 
‘’ You take Olivia. I’ll go out first and lure them away. Then you get her to the house.’’ He explains, setting the wheelbarrow down and taking one of the guns from me.
‘’ How are you going to get past them?’’ I ask as he walks into the sitting room, grabbing hold of a small coffee table.
He grins crazily at me and then fires the table at the large glass window of the room, leading out into the garden. The window shatters unbelievably loud, each individual shard breaking to tiny pieces as it impacts the floor.
Greg wastes no time, he leaps forwards through the window – now bare of glass – and jumps into the garden, screaming loudly.
‘’ Come and get it! Ya’ flesh-hungry freaks!’’ He screams, picking up the coffee table and firing it at a walker. 
Suddenly the banging at the door stops.
I watch as Greg – like the pied piper – begins drawing the walkers away from the house; they hobble towards him, moaning and drooling as they move after him slowly.
I move along the hallway, pushing the wheelbarrow with Olivia in it as gently and silently as I can, however almost every plank of the wooden floor creaks deafeningly as I move. I peer out into the garden, it is clear. The closest walker is about twenty meters away as it hobbles with its horde – hungrily pursuing Greg who continues screaming at the top of his lungs.
‘’ Come on! You call that running? I thought you wanted a piece of my sexy body! Guess not!’’ He screams, probably the first things that are coming to his mind. Anything to keep their attention on him and not us. His voice doesn’t sound as confident or...sane as it normally does, there is a hint of craziness or insanity in it.
I gently push open the door, although – like the floorboards – it creaks annoyingly loud, however over Greg’s shouts and gunfire, the walkers don’t notice.
I slowly lift Olivia down the steps and glance around. I then I take a deep breath and make a run for it.  I sprint through the already ajar gate and begin making my way back towards the house. There seems to be no walkers anywhere, they all must have gone after Greg. I ignore being gentle now – afraid of being too late to help Olivia – and I run as fast as I can, the wheelbarrow bouncing along the uneven road as I push it along with all my strength. 
From somewhere behind me, I hear a soft moaning, but ignore it. I continue for the house, not daring to sneak a look over my shoulder to whatever is pursuing me – to fearful of losing my new found courage and screwing it up for both Olivia and I.
Olivia begins to stir a little bit in the wheelbarrow.
‘’ Shh. It’s going to be OK.’’ I say reassuringly. ‘’ We’re almost there.’’
She then goes still again, however her chest slowly rises then falls continually.
I pick up the pace, moving as fast as I dare to, hoping not to hit a rock and send the wheelbarrow flying. I come within twenty meters of the house and then see Robert and Sinead heading in through the front gate, a large black plastic bag over each of their shoulders. How did they not hear the gunshots?
I ignore the fact that I could potentially be drawing the attention of whatever walkers are still in the area and scream for them.
‘’ Robert! Sinead! Help me!’’ I yell and both their heads shoot around and look at me.
Sinead’s jaw drops as Robert drops the sack from over his shoulder immediately, gripping his golf club and sprinting for me. Sinead grabs hers too and follows quickly behind him.
‘’ What happened?’’ Gasps Sinead in horror as they draw closer.
‘’ And where’s Greg?’’ Adds Robert.
‘’ No time...Olivia...she, she...’’ I explain through gasps for breath, all my energy gone. ‘’ She got bitten.’’
Both Robert and Sinead begin hacking at the walkers tailing me. There are only four of them pursuing me, but for some reason in my head I pictured more than fifty chasing me. Thankfully though, that thought made me fearful and the adrenaline acted as a speed boost of sorts.
I say no more to the two; I just continue running for the house, my twin sister lying with her eyes closed curled up inside the wheelbarrow makes me move faster. I glance down at her bloody arm and spot a few teeth lodges in her arm, they are a dirty, yellow colour. I sigh. This means she was definitely bitten and the infection is working its way through her body as we move, she could only have hours left.
I feel tears begin to slither down my face, the reality of what is happening hitting me like a tonne of bricks every time I so much as glance at Olivia. This isn’t fair. This can’t be happening. She wasn’t supposed to go like this. She wasn’t supposed to go this early. This isn’t right. 
Olivia stirs again in the wheelbarrow.
‘’ Please Olivia!’’ I sob in horror. ‘’ Please stay with me. I can’t lose you. I just can’t. Please. Don’t leave me. I can’t do this without you.’’
The tears are now flowing down my face uncontrollably. Why Olivia? Why not me?
This is what you get for stealing. Taunts my inner voice.
‘’ C’mon Olivia. Stay with me. Please.’’
It’s perfectly fair. You are getting your karma for robbing. Continues the voice.
‘’ Please Olivia. Don’t leave me. I need you. I love you.’’ 
I reach the front gate of my house and begin up the small pathway. The door is already open and the bodies of the walkers we took care of earlier are still lying at the foot of the stairs – all lifeless.
‘’ Jane! Quickly! Get down here!’’ I roar, tears welling in my eyes.
I hear the hatch for the attic open up and then the ladder. Jane appears at the top of the staircase, and she raises her hand up to her gasping mouth. Her jaw hangs low, almost touching the floor and her eyes enlarge to treble their normal size. 
‘’ What happened?’’ She questions.
‘’ She...I...Olivia...’’ I stutter.
I can’t form a proper sentence; I gasp and then I simply break down into tears. I feel myself hit the floor, as if I have just fainted, however I am still fully awake. I lie in a heap, as if paralysed, among the bodies of the dead walkers.
Just as I fall, both Robert and Sinead enter the house.
‘’ Oh God.’’ Says Sinead, glancing at the pathetic sight – Olivia crumpled up inside a wheelbarrow and me on the floor among the ones who have taken my sister from me.
Robert puts his two hands into my armpits and lifts me up to my feet. I can stand, however I am not fully conscious of what my body is doing. He begins leading me upstairs, as much as I want to scream for Olivia, I can’t speak.
‘’ What do we do with her?’’ Asks Sinead, her voice full of guilt. 
‘’ Nothing yet!’’ Shouts Robert as we are halfway up the stairs. ‘’ Take her to a bedroom, her one and lie her in the bed. Lock it for now. We’ll deal with her later.’’
‘’ Where’s Greg?’’ Asks Jane but before she gets an answer, I feel myself slowly slipping away.
‘’ Quickly! Someone help me with him!’’ Instructs Robert and then I black out.

Chapter Nineteen
I slowly open my eyes, it takes me a few moments for my eyes to adjust but when they do I smile. I am in my bedroom. Was it all a dream? Surely no. Way too vivid. 
‘’ Mark. Time for school honey. You too Olivia. C’mon, I have breakfast ready!’’ Calls the voice of my mother.
As she quietens, the smell of burning toast reaches my nostrils, and I smile to myself. I climb out of bed and peak out the window. The sun is shining weakly behind large white clouds. From one of the houses up the road from me, a car pulls out of the driveway and exits the estate. Further up the road, a few cats play about –  playfully wrestling with each other in a garden outside the old woman’s house I used to be petrified of as a child as I believed she was a witch.
I open my wardrobe and toss my uniform out onto my bed, and pull my black leather shoes out from the cupboard. I then turn and switch on my laptop, eager to check my social site notifications. 
As it is starting up, I pull of my pyjamas and grab a towel, then head towards the bathroom. As I am halfway across the landing, my mother calls me.
‘’ Mark! What have I told you about showering in the mornings? You don’t have the time!’’ She scolds, appearing at the bottom of the stairs.
‘’ I love you mum.’’ I smile. 
‘’ What?’’ She asks. ‘’What do you want?’’
‘’ Nothing. I just don’t say it often enough.’’ I explain defensively.
‘’ OK Mark. Well, hurry up in the shower. You’ll be late for school!’’ She replies.
Olivia walks past me in her uniform, a navy blue jumper with a white shirt and green skirt. She has obviously been up a while, because as usual, he hair is neatly tied back in a bun, her makeup is done and she smells like perfume – from previous experiences, I know it normally takes her just under an hour to do all this.
‘’ Don’t you have any shame?’’ She laughs. ‘’ Your standing on the landing with just a towel wrapped around you. Everyone on the road will see you!’’ 
‘’ Everyone on the road wants to see me.’’ I smirk in response, flexing my arms at her.
‘’ I’m sure.’’ She remarks dryly then grins at me, and heads down the stairs.
I go into the bathroom and lock the door behind me.  I switch on the radio and I then drop the towel and climb into the shower. I wash myself quickly yet thoroughly, it feels like a million years since I’ve had a shower. It feels great, the warm water against my skin, the shampoo in my hair. After a few minutes, I glance over at the clock and see that I have just thirty minutes before school starts. 
I climb from the shower and wrap myself up in the towel. I enter my room and shut the door behind me, quickly logging into my user account on the computer – to allow it to load up as I dry myself.
I pull on my uniform – a navy jumper with similarly shaded navy trousers along with a white shirt. I dry my hair and toss the wet towel on the floor, grabbing the laptop and lying down on the bed with it.
‘’ Mum, the internet’s gone again!’’ I call after a few minutes of attempting to access Facebook, Twitter and Wattpad to no avail.
She ignores me – obviously sick of me complaining about the internet, something she has nothing to do with nor knows anything about. I shut off the laptop and sling my bag of books over my shoulder, then head down the stairs. I move along the hall and towards the kitchen. The door is shut – probably to stop the smoke alarm from sounding as it completely terrifies my dog. I push it open and freeze. 
In front of me is my mother, she is lying on the floor with blood all over her. She has a large bite mark in her throat and another on her hip. Her eyes are open and enlarged, yet still. Beside her is my dog, it resembles the carcasses of the cats in my dream. It is torn open and its insides are pulled out and scattered around the kitchen.
Olivia stands on the opposite side of the kitchen, staring into the fridge with her back to me.
‘’ We have to get out of her now!’’ I warn, stepping closer to her, however she doesn’t respond. How could she not even have noticed this? 
‘’ Olivia?’’ I question, placing my arm on her shoulder.
She whips her head around, her face is covered in blood, her eyes are white and bloodshot, her face is rotting away – she is infected.
I scream aloud and my eyes shoot open.
‘’ He’s awake.’’ Calls a gently and caring voice from my bedroom door, Jane. ‘’ Don’t worry Mark. It’s OK. I’m here.’’
My memories of before I blacked out come flooding back to me. Olivia. The walker. The bite.
‘’ Olivia.’’ I gasp suddenly, jumping from the bed and making for the door.
‘’ She’s OK. Greg is with her now. She is in her room.’’ Explains Jane reassuringly. Robert climbs down from the attic and smiles at me.
‘’ Good news.’’ 
‘’ What?’’ I question.
‘’ I have no idea why, or how, but Olivia is absolutely fine. No fever. No shock. No symptoms at all. The bite isn’t affecting her like it has others.’’ Explains Robert.
‘’ What do you mean?’’ I ask in confusion.
‘’ Why don’t you ask her yourself?’’ He smiles and helpfully leads me towards Olivia’s room, I follow him in confusion.
I notice Jane has my gun grasped in her hand.
Robert slowly pushes open the door, and enters. I follow him and Jane enters behind me, shutting the door.
Olivia is in her bed, Greg sits on a small chair beside it and Ella and Charlie sit beside him.
‘’ Mark!’’ She smiles happily, trying to sit forwards.
‘’ Easy there.’’ Warns Greg and I notice the restraints around her wrists and ankles.
‘’ Take them off her!’’ I yell, appalled at what I am witnessing.
‘’ No Mark.’’ Answers Olivia. ‘’ I could be a danger to you all.’’
‘’ But you didn’t change.’’ I argue.
‘’ Yet.’’ She adds.
‘’ How long was I out?’’ I ask. 
‘’ All day. It’s nearly nine o’ clock at night!’’ Answers Greg.
‘’ How long were you out there for?’’ I ask.
‘’ Only an hour and a half. I lost them. No sign of any outside all day.’’ He explains.
‘’ Thank you.’’ I smile. ‘’ It was a brave thing to do.’’
‘’ It was a stupid thing to do, that’s what it was!’’ Corrects Olivia and I smile at her.
‘’ How are you?’’ I ask Olivia, sitting at the end of her bed.
‘’ Fine. That’s what is worrying me. I feel no different. I should have at least begun to change by now.’’ She explains. 
‘’ Maybe it takes longer for healthier people to change, your immune system must be stronger than the average person.’’ Suggests Robert.
‘’ Can I see it?’’ I ask.
‘’ It’s all stitched up.’’ Replies Olivia. ‘’ Ella and Charlie here fixed me up, both their parents were doctors.’’
‘’ Really?’’ I ask. ‘’ That’s cool.’’
I glance around the room; everyone in our party is sitting around the bed now.
‘’ Are we safe here? Aren’t all the windows and doors busted up.’’ I ask, trying to politely hint for the others to give Olivia and I some alone time.
‘’ We fixed them up with carpets, nailed them onto planks.’’ Replies Jane. ‘’ You were out for a long time.’’
‘’ We couldn’t carry either of you up into the attic, it was too awkward to even attempt it, so we had to put you both in your bedrooms. It would’ve been way too risky to leave you here on your own. We took some initiative.’’ Smiles Robert.
‘’I went back with Robert to get more stuff when we were sure you and Olivia were safe. Charlie and I sorted out all the stuff, we have loads now.’’ Explains Sinead.
‘’ Maybe rest here for a few days, for everyone to fully heal, then we can go to the school, get the vehicles and head to the city.’’ Suggests Greg.
‘’ Sounds good.’’ I smile. ‘’ Is there anything to eat? I’m starving.’’ 
‘’ You’re always hungry!’’ Laughs Olivia.
‘’ Oh shut up!’’ I grin. ‘’ I saved your life. You should be eternally grateful.’’
‘’ I loved that movie. ‘’ She smiles. ‘’ I miss movies.’’
‘’ We have loads, of food that is. I’ll go cook something up. Maybe we can leave you two alone for a while.’’ Smiles Jane.
She and the others file from the room, leaving me and Olivia alone – finally!
‘’ Oh God Olivia. Are you OK?’’ I ask again when they leave. ‘’ Are you really sure?’’ 
‘’ I honestly feel no different. I should have turned by now.’’ She admits. ‘’ Or my nose should have started to rot.’’
‘’ Maybe you’re immune?’’ I suggest hopefully. ‘’ That could be a possibility right?’’
‘’ No. I doubt it. That would be too good to be true.’’ She smiles, although sadness is clear in her tone.
‘’ Maybe there’s something up with the infection, like Robert said, maybe you have a really strong immune system. Or maybe the disease doesn’t affect younger people.’’
‘’ I don’t think so.’’
‘’ Well think about it.’’ I begin. ‘’ Have you actually seen any walkers that aren’t adults?’’
She stares at a spot on the bed, her eyes unmoving, as she ponders my theory.
‘’ No. But I’m sure there are.’’ She replies after a few moments. 
‘’ What if though?’’ I continue. ‘’ This could be the way we fix this. You could be the answer. The cure.’’ 
‘’ Mark. Listen to what you’re saying. Then think about what has been happening throughout the country for the past few months. I hate to sound like miss doom and gloom, but this is not going to be resolved. Nothing this serious has ever happened. People have turned into brainless cannibals and in order to last a few more days we are killing them. We are murdering friends, family.’’
‘’ Don’t talk like that.’’ I say, not liking the sound of where she is at, or where she is going but she continues anyway. ‘’ They aren’t our family or friends when they changed, they are monsters using their bodies.’’
‘’ Think about it Mark, every dominant species that has lived on this earth since the dinosaurs has had their cataclysmic event that has wiped them out making way for the next generation. Maybe this is ours. The human race has been destroying this planet, maybe the world will be better off without us.’’ She begins.
‘’ What do you mean?’’ I gasp, interrupting her. ‘’ Don’t say that.’’
‘’ I mean, what if this is it for us? What if there is no cure? Even if I am immune, what difference does it make? There is no one left to do tests and find a cure. No scientists. What if this is judgement day? Or what if we are in purgatory for our sins and when we have paid our time here, we will die and God will take us home to his Kingdom?’’
‘’ Olivia stop this. You’re scaring me. You’re going to be alright. I promise.’’ I say, and she silences.
‘’ I’m so scared Mark.’’ She sobs suddenly, tears forming in her eyes and slowly beginning to trickle down her face. ‘’ I don’t want to die, I’m not ready, but we have to prepare for it, you have to accept it.’’
‘’ Don’t worry Olivia. It’s going to be alright.’’ I reassure her, now crying myself. 
I wrap my arms around her and she cries onto my shoulder.
‘’ How do you know Mark? How do you know?’’
‘’ Because we are together. We have food, shelter, weapons. We have friends. We may not be with mum and dad now, but we know where they are and in a few days we will be going to find them. I swear to you, I will protect you.’’ I promise through sobs. ‘’ Everything’s gonna be alright.’’
‘’ I don’t know Mark. I really don’t know.’’ She replies quietly, staring directly at the floor and avoiding my eyes.
‘’ You can’t leave me. I can’t do this without you. Please Olivia.’’ I sob.
Before she can respond, the door opens and Greg comes inside, then he sees us and he takes a wary step backwards.
‘’ I’m sorry. Am I intruding?’’ He asks.
‘’ No.’’ I reply. ‘’ What is it?’’
‘’ Dinner is ready. C’mon Olivia. Let’s get you untied.’’ 
We are led downstairs and into the dining room – we only ever used it at Christmas time back before all this started, or on other special occasions, but I guess this is one – and I smile. Everyone is sitting around the table, food and drinks are laid out and everything looks delicious to say it has all been sitting in the cupboards of my neighbours houses for months.
I glance over at the windows, they have been completely covered over with thick carpets that I don’t recognise or own and wooden planks have also been nailed over them for extra security.
I take a seat between Charlie and Olivia and stare at the mountains of food on the table.
All the food for our banquet has come from tins, however it steams and my mouth waters by simply looking at it and knowing that it is hot food.
‘’ How did you get the cooker working?’’ I ask.
‘’ Maria and Patrick had a petrol generator. Remember?’’ Smiles Jane. ‘’ It was very easy to use.’’
I glance around at the others, who all seem happy. I then eye up the food again and grin.
In front of me is an empty plate, however I quickly fill it with whatever looks appetizing. I pour some beans onto the plate along with some tomatoes, all emitting steam and pleasant aromas that make my mouth water uncontrollably even more. Before this started, it wouldn’t dream of mixing something like beans and tomatoes, but it’s surprising how people change when the world is taken over by brainless flesh-hungry monsters.
I shovel the first spoonful into my mouth, swallowing it before I even get a chance to taste it properly, way too excited to be having something so simple, yet so dearly missed. I grab a piece of bread, and although it is a bit hard, somehow it tastes fresh, considering how long it must have been sitting around for.
‘’ How come this bread isn’t covered in fungus?’’ I ask after I’ve wolfed the whole piece down.
‘’ Maria and Patrick have loads stored in the freezer. They really had everything planned. When we are leaving, we have to take the generator with us.’’ Explains Greg.
‘’ No doubt.’’ Adds Sinead and we all go back to relative silence, our cutlery hitting our plates and our chomping of food is the only noise audible.
I continue to gorge on the food surrounding me, I can’t remember the last time I had a decent meal and with the way things can go, it could be my last for a long time so I enjoy every minute of it. 
Within half an hour, the table is practically bare, everything edible has been consumed and is gone. We sit back in our chairs around the table, relaxing almost as if eating the meal has physically drained us.
‘’ Why do you think Olivia wasn’t affected by the bite?’’ Asks Sinead after a while.
‘’ I think I’m immune.’’ Smiles Olivia, but no one laughs.
‘’ I don’t know very much about this virus, all I know is that if there is an immunity, then whoever has it should be very well protected. I mean, what if they are the answer to all this shit, and they die? Olivia, I want you to be more careful in future. We need you alive. Just in case you’re right.’’ Says Greg and Olivia’s smile fades.
‘’ But I like going scavenging.’’ Protests Olivia.
‘’ I don’t care. I’m sorry, but you could be vital if we ever have a hope of getting over this, we really can’t afford to lose you.’’ Explains Greg.
‘’ He’s right. Especially considering we know very little still about the walkers. You could be the only one immune in the country! You could be the most important person alive.’’ Adds Robert.
‘’ Oh bullshit! No one here really believes that I’m immune, not even me.’’ Laughs Olivia, seemingly very nonchalant about the whole ordeal. ‘’ I’m not a flesh hungry walker yet! It’s ‘cos my immune system is so strong, it’s just taking the virus longer to fight. There is nothing special about me. There won’t be an immunity. I will probably begin changing in a few days!’’ Argues Olivia, sounding like she did a few moments ago in the bedroom, angry.
‘’ I don’t think you’re going to change.’’ Says Charlie quietly, obviously a bit scared.
‘’ And why is that?’’ Olivia asks, sounding quite interested.
For a moment, Charlie doesn’t say a word, she simply looks at her sister. The two of them exchange a glance that reads ‘should we tell them?’ but after a few silent seconds, Charlie sighs. We all lean a tiny bit closer to her so we can hear her words, then she speaks.
‘’ Because Ella was bitten too.’’ 


Chapter Twenty
We gasp aloud as a collective group.
‘’ What?’’ Questions Olivia before anyone else does.
 ‘’ Relax!’’ Yells Charlie, stepping in front of her little sister defensively. ‘’ It was a long time ago. Before we met you. When we were shadowing the horde in the school. We narrowly escaped. That was the first time we met with the people who we bartered with, the same people Maria and Patrick met. Anyway, the moral of the story is she was unaffected.’’
‘’ Prove it.’’ Replies Olivia.
‘’ Prove what?’’ Asks Charlie, clearly confused.
‘’ Prove she’s not infected.’’ Explains Olivia.
‘’ How do I-‘’ Begins Charlie, but I interrupt.
‘’ Olivia.’’ I say sternly and she silences. 
‘’ Can we see the bite?’’ Asks Jane, in no way threateningly.
‘’ It’s on her shoulder.’’ Explains Charlie, and Ella pulls off her jumper and then pulls back her t-shirt, revealing a large and painful looking wound that has been stitched up long ago. The skin has begun to heal around it, but it still looks sickening.
‘’ This is weird.’’ Begins Greg. ‘’ Why were neither of you two affected when all those people outside were?’’ 
‘’ Time will tell.’’ Replies Robert.
‘’ We were thinking that she’s immune.’’ Explains Charlie.
‘’ If so, then Ella, like Olivia, should be protected dearly. You two girls could be the answer to everything.’’ Continues Robert, getting to his feet and grabbing his plate. ‘’ I think we should all head to bed soon.’’ 
Nothing more is said about the subject, although I can tell that I’m not the only one in the room desperate for an answer, or to talk more about the topic at least. Eager for something, anything, that will give us hope. Robert obviously doesn’t want us getting our hopes up though, just in case this ‘cure’ turns out to be nothing.
We clear the table, do a quick wash-up and then empty the very little scraps that are left over into the bin. We then head upstairs, into the attic where most of the bedding is still setup. Olivia and I grab the duvets from our bedrooms and carry them up, settling where we did last night.
Within an hour, everyone is ready for bed and we seal the attic hatch, locking ourselves inside. For a moment, no one speaks as we all climb into our beds, we are all too busy getting ourselves comfortable in the slightly cramped spacing. 
‘’ We should head out tomorrow. Go back to the school and head for the city. I lead the walkers the opposite direction to the school, but they won’t be long getting back.’’ Says Greg after a while. ‘’ I know what I said before, but I think we have all the supplies we needed.’’
‘’ Are you sure we’re ready?’’ Asks Jane, sounding fearful and uncertain. ‘’ Olivia and Mark will need more rest.’’
‘’ Oh yes of course, we will only be leaving if they feel up for it.’’ Explains Greg immediately.
‘’ We should be fine.’’ I respond. ‘’ Honestly.’’
‘’ Yeah. I don’t think I’d want to rest here all day anyway. We’ll have plenty of time for that when we are on the road.’’ Adds Olivia.
‘’ So what’s the plan?’’ Asks Sinead.
‘’ Well, we’ll leave in the morning. Gather up all our gear, head over to the school and grab the vehicles. Our weapons and gear could be there too, so we could have our guns back. Then we head out, hopefully reaching the city within a few hours, giving us plenty of time to track down the shopping centre.’’ Explains Greg, everyone agrees.
‘’ Are you two coming?’’ Asks Jane, looking at the two small girls beside her.
‘’ I don’t think so.’’ Replies Charlie. ‘’ We think we’re going to stay here.’’
‘’ Nonsense!’’ Yells Sinead. ‘’ You have to come with us.’’
‘’ We’ll just get in your way.’’ Argues Ella. ‘’ We’re too slow.’’
‘’ That better be a joke.’’ Begins Robert. ‘’ You two are the bravest kids I’ve ever met. You’ve proven to be braver and cleverer than most adults I’ve known in my life. You were able to live among walkers and go unnoticed. We could definitely use your expertise in the city.’’ 
Charlie blushes wildly. ‘’ Maybe.’’
‘’ You’re part of this group now.’’ Smiles Jane. 
 ‘’ OK.’’ Replies Charlie, sounding almost defeated yet completely relieved at the same time.
‘’ We should sleep now.’’ Suggests Greg, and everyone goes quiet. ‘’ Big day tomorrow.’’
It takes me hours to fall asleep because I was in bed all day and I find it hard to doze off, but when I do, the flashbacks begin. My dreams are a slew of horrifically vivid images and memories I’d rather forget. 
It’s back when all this just began. I am sitting in my sitting room, my family around me, staring at the television screen in front of me. A lady with short blonde hair sits on the screen, a bundle of papers sitting on the desk in front of her.
‘’ Reporters on site have informed us that the bombing in London city has taken numerous lives, thirty-three people are dead, fourteen are severely injured and the emergency services are still pulling bodies from the wreckage. It is not yet clear who bombed London, or why they did it but there will be more on the topic as soon as we find out more information.’’ 
The dream fast forwards to a few days later, the same woman sits on screen, however she wears pink instead of blue and her hair is tied back.
‘’ We now know that the bombers of last Monday’s incident are a Japanese terrorist group, according to sources. Their motives are still unclear but we expect to know shortly. Also, the wreckage has been completely scoured for survivors and although all the bodies have been recovered, there are a lot more casualties than expected. Along with the thirty-three people who died from the initial blast, ten of the fourteen in hospital have died and the remaining four are fighting hard – sadly to no avail. Eighteen more bodies were found in the wreckage however all are dead. Police are asking for anyone who has family or friends missing, to please call the number on screen now and they will do all they can to help.’’
Just before the woman signs off, she clasps the earpiece she wears in shock, and her jaw hangs low. 
‘’ This just in, there has been another bombing in the city of New York. Twelve people have lost their lives so far, and over one hundred have been injured in the blast. The bomb is very similar to the attack previously this week in London, it seems as though the Japanese are behind this as well. Please stay tuned for more information.’’
The dream fast forwards to later on in the week, now there is a man in the woman’s place.
‘’ This is a special news bulletin. Reports are telling us that some of the victims of the London bombing three weeks ago have begun to come back to life. There is no word on the victims of the New York blast and the emergency services are still retrieving bodies from yesterday’s attack in Paris. The London Commissioner of Police took questions from reporters three days ago and had this to say.’’ Says the man, and the screen switches to a conference room, a man in a police uniform stands at a podium with reporters flooding the floor space in front of him.
‘’ Is it true that the victims are coming back to life?’’ Calls one reporter, a man near the front.
‘’ Yes. It is.’’ Replies the policeman, avoiding eye contact.
‘’ Are these people alive or dead?’’ Asks a woman, hidden in the crowd.
‘’ We don’t know.’’ Responds the policeman after a few moments, a dark look on his face.
‘’ Are they a danger to us?’’ Shouts a man from the back.
‘’ We don’t know.’’ Replies the policeman again. ‘’ Presumably.’’ 
‘’ What has caused this?’’ Questions a man near the front.
‘’ We don’t know.’’ He responds again, looking rather uncomfortable in front of everyone. ‘’ There is some biological toxin in the bomb the Japanese attacked with, but apart from that very basic knowledge, we are unsure.’’
‘’ What is the Queen doing about this? Or the President of the U.S?’’ Calls another voice from the crowd.
‘’ We don’t know. I have told you all we know.’’ Explains the policeman.
‘’ Well what the fuck do you know?’’ Screams a voice from the crowd, sounding furious with the man at the podium.
‘’ There was something in the bombs, a biological toxin scientists are studying this very minute. We are doing everything we can to find out, a lot more than you people who are only making it harder than it needs to be.’’ He replies. ‘’ You are writing bullshit stories, twisting the truth to fit theories instead of the other way around! Just for once in your lives, think of the damage you are doing. You are submitting stories to the papers and to the television shows, even though the globe could be waging nuclear or biological war within a week. You could be helping people, instead you are stirring shit! Get a grip, all of you!’’
The man storms from the podium and the reporters surge forwards, eager to follow him, with their recorders trained towards him but other guards form a wall and block their access to where the speaker has disappeared to.
The scene comes back to the newsroom and the man is sitting facing the camera, an ominous look on his face. The dream skips to a day later, the same man sits at the news desk.
‘’ This just in, the Commissioner has informed us that the country is being evacuated, you all have three days to get to whatever evacuation site is closest to you. The evacuation checkpoints are now on your screens. We have been told to tell you to bring food, drink and clothing. You will be escorted by army officials from the checkpoints to underground bunkers on islands off the coast of the country to take shelter by either plane or boat. They fear we may be on the brink of a third World War.
The police ask that you get to the checkpoints as soon as possible, stick to the main roads and avoid travelling alone where possible. There will be evacuation planes and ships leaving the country every six hours on the hour, the final evacuation will be at twelve o’ clock next Wednesday. This will be our final broadcast.’’
Then the screen goes blank.
What the reporter nor anyone else knew, was that more people were infected than they could ever have imagined. There never was any evacuations, the disease spread so rapidly. However those that were rich enough to escape only brought the disease with them.
 I remember only too well how wrong their plans went, halfway through the second day, there was an attack. The first of the walker attacks. Everything fell to shreds. But then, the damage had been done; the disease had made it overseas to countries that hadn’t been bombed.
My mind goes blank like the screen, I am no longer experiencing the memory, I just see images flashing through my mind rapidly. All things I wish I could forget.
Me and my family in our house, being forced up into the attic because of the walkers. My uncle changing, biting my grandmother. I watch as both of them are killed by my father. Getting separated from my parents, seeing my little cousin being snatched from my mother’s hands. Both my parents being forced into the tiny bathroom, cornered by walkers. Having to turn my back on my family and my house, running away with Olivia.
Simon being bitten in the shop, Bruno’s death. The horde at the supermarket, the narrow escape. Being saved only to be betrayed later on. 
The horrible incident at the school, losing both Emmet and Siobhan to a hungry horde of walkers, Gary and Nicole being snatched from us. Thomas and Merissa killed by Rick. The fire. The chaos. The betrayal. Watching the school burn to the ground.
Having to leave the others behind at the lighthouse. Maria and Patrick being consumed by the horde. Olivia being bitten. Seeing her face as she fainted, blood pouring from the wound on her arm, the teeth marks in her skin. Thinking she was dead, gone forever.
The dream I had the previous day, being home again. Thinking everything was normal only to find my sister downstairs slaughtering my mother and dog. Seeing her as a walker.
My eyes shoot open quickly, the room is dark but brightening as the morning sun in the East begins to shine its rays, lighting up a bit of the attic. I close my eyes again, breathing heavily and then I curl up into a ball. Wanting the world’s harsh realities leave me be, let me just close my eyes again and die. Death would be so much easier, it seems inevitable anyway.
No. You have to push on and find mum and dad. For your sake, and Olivia’s. Barks my inner voice motivationally, for once not taunting me or making me feel guilty.
I feel Olivia move beside me, then she calls out my name but I ignore her. Nothing she can say can really help. Although it was a dream, it was all real – apart from the last bit. All of it the truth, the past. I don’t want to hear her tell me it will all be OK, because even though I say it to her hundreds of times a day, I know it is all lies. Nothing will ever be OK again.
I lie like this, alone with my depressing thoughts for another half an hour before there is any other noise. Eventually the others around me begin to stir and head downstairs so I follow suit. 
We sit around the kitchen table, I have a small cup of tea in front of me, and a packet of quite stale Digestive biscuits, but when I dip the biscuit into the tea, it tastes fine. I drink from my mother’s favourite mug, making me feel better knowing that soon we will be reunited.
‘’ We should head out as soon as we can, we slept in. It’s twelve already, we’ve wasted quite a bit of time, but we can still get to the school and cover a lot of ground in the time we have left. We will leave after breakfast.’’ Explains Greg.
‘’ How are we going to haul all our stuff to the school?’’ I ask.
‘’ We take only what we need for now, then if we can, we come back for the rest of our gear.’’ He replies.
‘’ Cool.’’ I nod, satisfied with the plan.
I have some toast for breakfast, plain but I do not care. After about twenty minutes, we are all finished and we are instructed to pack what we need with us on our journey.
I run upstairs and grab a few changes of clothes, my sleeping bag, my pillow, a torch, some knives, some food, some batteries, a book and my camera. Then, after I’ve slung my pack over my back, I head back downstairs.
We wait a few moments for everyone to come down and then Greg turns to us.
‘’ This won’t be easy, but if we work together it won’t be impossible. Stick together, in a tight pack the whole way. We will get down there in a few minutes, start up the cars and get the hell out of there. Olivia, you, Ella and Charlie will be in charge of the wheelbarrow with our fuel, keep it safe and we will keep you safe. It is vital nothing happens to it if we want to get out of here. Everything clear?’’ He asks.
Although nobody speaks, everyone nods their heads in understanding; Greg takes a deep breath, opens the door and turns back to us.
‘’ Let’s move.’’ 

Chapter Twenty One
There are a few walkers wandering about on the road outside the house, with weapons in hand, we charge forwards as one, destroying everything threatening in our path, making sure Olivia and the two young girls are safe in the middle of the group.
We slowly manoeuvre along the road, moving in the centre so we can see anything approaching. Once again, I turn my back on my house, hoping but never knowing if I will return to it again someday.
 A group of about ten walkers appear from behind a crashed van and hobble slowly towards us. I sprint forwards with the golf club gripped tightly in my grasp and begin whacking the closest walker with it, splattering its bloody entrails across the tarmac in front of us.
Sinead somehow beheads one of the female walkers beside my victim, ferociously chopping through its neck with her club. Sinead cries out in triumph as it impacts, and continuously smashes at the body of the walker, spitting on the attacker in disgust.
I move on to the next walker, swinging the golf club like a baseball bat at the side of the walker’s head. It loses its balance and falls to the ground, its skull smashing off the curb and further imploding. Before it can get to its feet, I begin smashing it with my weapon, again sending blood and pieces of its dead brain flying through the air around me.
After ten minutes, all of them are still, however I spot more are approaching from the direction we came, drawing closer with each hungry step.
‘’ Let’s try speed up.’’ Suggests Greg and we begin at a steady jog, keeping the pace with the girls pushing the wheelbarrow full of supplies. ‘’ We can’t keep stopping to fight.’’
When we finally reach the entrance to the estate, there are a group of about twenty walker pursuers making their way along after us, coming out of houses or gardens, joining the horde of death in hungry pursuit.
‘’ The ones I lead away must be returning.’’ Offers Greg. ‘’ They must have some homing instincts, like animals do.’’
We step out onto the road and begin heading for the school, the adrenaline and fear caused by our predators making us push ourselves to run faster and faster.
Within another ten minutes we are standing at the gates of the school and the sight before us is frankly appalling. No matter how much I joked – back when everything was normal –about how I’d love for the school to burn down, I am completely shocked and the site almost brings tears to my eyes...almost.
The school is a blackened shell of what it once was. On the side closest to us; the once whitewashed walls are black and the windows are all shattered. The roof has imploded and the area surrounding the school has piles of debris littering the place. The sight before me resembles a picture I remember from in my history book as being the remains of a city in Hiroshima after the nuclear bomb of World War II. 
We slowly move down the incline towards the deserted school, the small red car and the navy seven seater are visible about fifty meters away. There are clumps of clothing scattered around the place randomly, however their charred remains and what must be skeletons are all that is left. The smell is sickening, not only is there a pungent odour of death and disease, but the smell of burning is also in the air. Small tufts of black smoke still rise from the building somewhere towards the back.
‘’ Well, we won’t be going in there again.’’ Whispers Olivia, disrupting the silence. Nobody responds to this and the silence falls once again.
We move quickly but quietly, just to be safe. Somewhere within the building, there is a deafening crash as what I expect to be part of the roof collapses inwards on itself. I wince as it falls in, as do the others.
I hear moaning somewhere behind me, the walkers following us have entered and are beginning to make their way along after us.
‘’ We better hurry.’’ Says Greg, hinting this by speeding up himself. ‘’ We’re gonna have to fill the tanks which will take long enough for them to reach us if we’re not quick enough, so let’s move.’’
With that, we all pick up the pace, almost running for the cars, the walkers too seem to speed up though, getting scarily closer by the second.
‘’ More have joined them.’’ Outlines Siobhan, and I glance over at the ever nearing walkers, about thirty of them now. ‘’ They must be the ones from yesterday.’’
‘’ Start loading stuff into this car.’’ Orders Robert, pointing to the red car as Greg climbs into the seven seater and reverses it away from the door of the school. It’s a miracle it wasn’t crushed by the building when it collapsed!
I throw my bag into the red car, and then Olivia turns to me.
‘’ Looks like they left us a gift.’’ She smiles fakely. ‘’ How nice of them.’’
She hands me a double-barrelled shot-gun and I turn immediately, facing the approaching walkers.
As my allies begin to load up the cars, I sprint towards the walkers, taking out the closest ones with the gun, sending three down at a time.
A few seconds later, Greg runs up beside me, a Molotov cocktail in his hand. 
‘’ Looks like they forgot one.’’ He smirks, and tosses it towards the walkers. The walkers erupt into a sea of flames as the cocktail fire spreads amongst them, sending a few down to be trampled by their oblivious allies.
I continue firing as the horde continues to approach. The bullets send a few down at a time as the bullets penetrate through one walker and hit another – sending a satisfying amount down with each pull of the trigger.
‘’ Let’s go!’’ Yells Robert from the cars after a few minutes. 
Greg tosses me a walkie-talkie. ‘’ Take this, channel four.’’

We turn around and run to the relative security of the vehicles. Greg takes the wheel of the small red car, with Jane and the two young girls sitting inside with him. Robert drives the seven seater with Olivia, Sinead and myself in it.
I jump in and pull down the window, hanging out of it as Robert starts the engine. I begin firing blindly at whatever walkers are getting too close, most are on fire though and run about harmlessly and clueless, moaning – hopefully in pain, most likely because that’s all they can seem to do.
We drive up the incline of the entrance gate and turn left at the top, heading back the way we came, towards the house. 
‘’ Looks like Rick and Co took most of our stuff.’’ Mutters Sinead venomously, sounding furious. ‘’ But there’s still some weapons here, three or four guns and a few baseball bats, no ammo though, just what’s left in ‘em.’’
‘’ Well hopefully we’ll find the survivor camp and then we won’t have much need of them.’’ Replies Robert, keeping his eyes on the road at all times.
The road is an obstacle course of potholes, walker bodies, rubbish and abandoned cars. However both Greg and Robert manage to avoid anything and everything that could do significant damage to our vehicles if we were to hit them.
We follow Greg in the small red car as we enter the estate and manoeuvre around stationary cars, heading back towards my house.
We pull up outside my house, and I quickly jump out, running alongside Olivia, Jane and Sinead as we enter the house and grab the bags of food, weapons and clothing sitting in the hallway waiting for us. 
A walker with no left foot begins limping towards us, blood dripping from its open wound with each step. Every time its stump hits the ground, it squelches and a bloody mark is left on the ground behind it.
‘’ C’mon!’’ I say, kicking the walker in the chest and sending him falling backwards. ‘’ We have to hurry. God knows how many more there are.’’
We toss the bags into the boot of the seven seater on top of the two empty back seats. I close the boot over and we all climb back into the cars.
As we pull away from the house, more walkers begin appearing in our path, coming out of houses, however both Greg and Robert ignore them, ploughing into anything that doesn’t have the sense to move. 
‘’ Oh God.’’ Gasps Sinead, staring at the entrance to the estate.
 ‘’ Bash through them.’’ Orders Greg through the walkie. ‘’ Don’t slow down, just follow my lead.’’ 
His engine roars as he speeds up, Robert mimics him and the engine of the seven seater screams as well. 
There are about forty walkers entering the estate, some are on fire, and they are all staring at us, shifting excitedly as we approach.
I wince as Greg’s car smashes into the first of the walkers, the loud thud it makes is followed by a splat as the walker that was sent flying into the air smashes onto the hard tarmac road below. Despite this, he retains his speed, and the noises continue.
Robert follows suit, forcing his way after Greg through the horde of hungry walkers. Greg’s car breaks through the horde and disappears from site, the mass of bodies closes around us as we attempt to follow.
‘’ Why are you slowing down?’’ I ask.
‘’ I’m not. They’re doing it. They’re throwing themselves in front of us.’’ Explains Robert.
Eventually we come to walking pace as the walkers surrounding us form a shell around us, pounding on the windows with their dirty, blood-stained claws. I gasp as a bloody hand hits the window beside me and I leap away from the window. 
‘’ What do we do?’’ Screams Sinead as a hand smashes against the window beside her, making a small crack in the centre.
Robert slams his hands down on the horn, and the loud noise is enough to distract the walkers for a second. As they stand in confusion instead of pounding their fists against the windows, Robert drives forwards and we begin moving again. The car smacks into a walker and sends it flying, it lands on the window and blocks the view in front of us. 
‘’ Shit.’’ Says Robert, and continues to beep the horn.
‘’ Stop!’’ I scream. ‘’ You’ll attract more walkers!’’
‘’ Take a look around, they’re all here already.’’ He snaps in frustration.
‘’ Leave him alone!’’ Screams Olivia. ‘’ It’s not his fault!’’
‘’ Hang in there.’’ Says the voice of Greg from the walkie.
From somewhere outside, there are gunshots and the walker clawing at the windscreen falls off. 
‘’ Greg’s helping. Don’t give up.’’ Says Sinead, and Robert slams his foot down on the pedal, the engine roaring again.
The gunshots continue and we finally break through a small gap in the horde, pulling away from the bloodthirsty monsters.
A few meters away, the red car is parked, and Greg is standing beside it, gun in his hands.
‘’ Hurry up! We need to move!’’ He screams, jumping back into his car.
We speed away from the estate, following the small red car along the road. All of us our breathing heavily, traumatized by the close call. 
‘’ Now where?’’ I ask Greg, holding the walkie up to my mouth.
‘’ To the other survivors!’’ He calls happily in response and we all let out a cheer.
‘’ Sorry about earlier Mark, you too Siobhan. I was just scared, that’s all.’’ Says Robert apologetically after a few minutes of silence. 
‘’ Don’t be sorry. We all were. It’s OK.’’ I reply, Siobhan nods in agreement.
We drive along the main road for about an hour, taking our time zigzagging in between the cars that are stationary all along the road, eager to make sure our only transport doesn’t get damaged and only when I relax do I realise how tired I am.
I feel myself beginning to dose off, and thankfully my slumber is nightmare free. Although it is only a short nap, I sleep deeply and as my eyes slowly open to a darkening sky, I feel refreshed.
I look out the window, we aren’t moving, the car is stationary. 
‘’ What’s happening?’’ I ask, before I even check if the others are awake.
‘’ The roads are jammed with cars. Greg and Robert are moving them out of our way.’’ Explains Sinead.
‘’ I thought it was supposed to be a clear road to the city.’’ I reply.
‘’ So did I, but both lanes of traffic, both to and from the city are almost impassable. We’ll probably have to move off the main road and make a few detours.’’ Says Sinead. 
‘’ What time is it?’’ I ask.
‘’ Six. It’ll be dark in half an hour. We can’t stay out here. Because we can’t move constantly, it isn’t safe.’’ Replies Sinead.
‘’ Damn. Where are we going to go?’’ I ask.
‘’ There was a petrol station a few minutes back. A small restaurant and bathrooms there too. We may have to go back there.’’ She answers. ‘’ There are probably some houses around this area too, and farms.’’
I glance over at Olivia; she is lying with her head back and her mouth open wide, snoring through her nose and breathing out heavily through her mouth. I grin at her and we sit in silence for a few moments until Robert returns.
‘’ So what are we doing?’’ I ask.
‘’ Oh. Sleepy beauty’s finally awake.’’ He grins at me. ‘’ It’s no use out there. We’re going to have to rest up for the night at the gas station, then change our route. It’s way too crowded with broken down cars to make any real progress.’’
‘’ Is it safe?’’ I ask.
‘’ Dunno yet. But it’s a lot safer than being in here.’’ He says, beginning to turn the car around. We head back the way we came.
The station is quite small but the restaurant attached is decent and will do. We pull up inside the station beside the petrol pumps and climb out of the car, weapons ready.
‘’ Do you think they still work?’’ Asks Olivia.
I pick up one of the petrol pumps and pull the handle; a steady stream of petrol begins to pour out.
‘’ Let’s stock up our containers.’’ I smile.
‘’ We left all the empty ones behind.’’ Replies Greg. ‘’ Didn’t think we’d need them.’’
‘’ There’s probably some inside. Let’s go check.’’ Says Robert and we all head into the small building.
The door creaks as it opens and slams hard and loudly as it hits the wall but nothing comes hobbling from the shadows at us.
‘’ I guess it’s clear of walkers.’’ Says Jane hopefully.
The small shop is quiet and dusty, and apart from a few empty shelves, it seems untouched.
We scour the shop, looking for some sort of container and bagging anything else that seems useful to us as well.
‘’ There’s none here.’’ Says Greg after about fifteen minutes. ‘’ We’ll just have to use bottles from the fridge.’’
He steps up to the fridge, the power is off but it is still stocked. He takes out some of the two litre milk cartons. 
‘’ We can fill these up.’’ He says. ‘’ They’re all gone off anyway, so it’s not like we’re wasting them.’’
We all take two containers each and take them outside, pouring their foul smelling contents into the drain and then washing the cartons out with a hose meant for cleaning car tyres.
We then begin filling them up with petrol, filling one at a time at each of the two petrol pumps. After about ten minutes, we have twenty cartons of petrol loaded into the seven seater, hidden under the blankets and bags in the boot.
‘’ We’ll fill more tomorrow. For now let’s get inside and get some rest.’’ Says Greg, locking the cars and then we head into the restaurant.
‘’ We should sleep in the kitchen. There’s only one entrance and that can be easily blocked securely.’’ Suggests Robert after we search the place for another ten minutes to make sure it is safe.
We set up our sleeping gear on the floor of the cold kitchen and we huddle together for warmth. The room darkens pretty quickly and the others begin to dose off around me, their snoring filling the small room.
Although I am not tired, I lie with my eyes closed, reflecting on the day. We are finally beginning our journey towards the city, towards other survivors, towards my parents. Soon enough, we’ll be reunited with them. 
I keep this thought running through my mind for the hours it takes my eyelids to get heavy and finally close.

Chapter Twenty Two
‘’ Mark.’’ Whispers Ella in my ear, gently tapping me on the shoulder, waking me.
‘’ What’s wrong?’’ I ask groggily, still more than half asleep.
‘’ I need to go to the toilet. Can you take me?’’ She asks innocently. ‘’ Please?’’ 
‘’ Of course.’’ I smile, getting to my feet and grabbing my gun – just in case.
Why she asks me over her own sister, I don’t know but I guess that means she trusts me as much as her sister – which is a nice thought. I crawl from my sleeping bag a silently as I can, trying not to wake the others.
We gently tip-toe around the others lying around us, sleeping snugly in their sleeping bags on the cold tiled floor of the restaurant’s kitchen. I carefully and quietly open the door and lead the way, Ella close behind me. When she steps out of the room, I close over the door as quietly as I can and we make our way towards the bathroom.
The restaurant is a lot brighter than the kitchen – because of the amount of windows – and the rising dawn sun illuminates the room for us. The place is silent, all the tables and chairs neatly arranged, waiting for customers that will never come – menus sitting ready, ketchup and mustard  bottles placed in the centre with small containers of vinegar and salt shakers beside them.
I lead her to the door of the woman’s bathroom and she goes inside. I stand with my back to the wall beside it, fighting the urge of my drooping eyelids to fall asleep where I stand and I glance around the small restaurant, noticing what I didn’t last night in the dark of the night.
The walls are plastered with old cartoons in frames, some are signed in the bottom right corner but the small black writing is too messy to decipher. Among the cartoons, there are old Irish sayings, written in Irish first, then in English beneath them, one catches my eye, the only one I could ever remember in school anytime we had to write an essay;
‘Níl aon tinteán mar do thinteán féin ~ There’s no place like home.’
The saying brings a smile to my face, as much as I loved Irish when I was in school, now, I find it hard to compose a simple sentence in my head. Whilst I try to conjugate a few words in my head, I almost don’t see the group of men outside, heading towards the side entrance of the building with guns in their hands. They move casually and calmly, almost as if the world isn’t plunged knee deep into an apocalyptic disaster. They move towards me!
I quickly leap behind the small counter, hiding from view as the group of men – maybe five or six in total – push open the small door and enter the restaurant. The door doesn’t seem to creak as loudly as it did last night, the sound of blood pumping in my ears drowns it out.
‘’ I’m telling you, this is the life.’’ One begins. ‘’ You’d never get away with murder before now, I prefer it this way.’’ 
This immediately makes the air catch in my throat. These people aren’t friendly, so the best thing I can do is stay silent and hope they leave soon.
‘’ Don’t you miss your family?’’ Asks another. ‘’ Don’t you have a wife, or kids?’’
‘’ No. But even if I did, I wouldn’t have seen them again. I still owed forty years.’’ Explains the other. ‘’ And they wouldn’t even let my mother visit me when she was still alive.’’
‘’ I’m glad this happened too.’’ Adds a third voice. ‘’ That cell was so fucking boring. Day after day, the same surroundings. The same shitty meals. It was awful!’’
‘’ I’d drink to that!’’ Laughs another and reaches over the counter, grabbing a bottle of Brandy from the shelf just centimetres above my head.
I almost gasp with fright. I sit on my hunkers, holding my hand over my mouth to ensure I make as little noise as possible. After only a few seconds, my knees begin to seize up, but I put up with the pain, fearful of the new arrivals to the restaurant more than the walkers themselves.
‘’ Grab some more.’’ Orders the first voice. ‘’ I don’t want to be coming back again tomorrow. I’m sick of making this run.’’
The man reaches over the counter again, pulling a small bottle of Vodka from the counter along with a bottle of Irish Whiskey. I fight the urge to gag as the man’s breath wafts towards my nostrils, smelling just as bad as a walker. The man pauses, above me, as if he can hear my stomach rumbling as it disagrees with the stench of his breath, but before he takes a look at me, the door to the bathroom swings open.
I glance over at little Ella, she cannot see me, but I stare over at her, studying the look  of complete horror on her face as if it is a group of walkers standing in front of her.
‘’ Hello.’’ Laughs one of the men in an unsettling voice as Ella begins to slowly back away, placing her hand on the door of the bathroom and trying to step back inside.
 ‘’ Who are you?’’ She gasps.
‘’ I’m your worst nightmare.’’ Laughs the man, stepping closer to Ella.
‘’ Get away from me...’’ Gasps Ella quietly, her voice breaking with her fear.
‘’ Don’t worry. We’ll treat you nice and good.’’
‘’ Get away from her!’’ I yell suddenly, unable to take it any longer. I jump up from behind the counter, pulling my gun from its holster at the same time and aim it at the man closest to Ella.
‘’ Oh. She’s got a friend.’’ Grins one of the men – a lot of his teeth missing, or black. His face is covered in a hairy, matted  and dirt encrusted beard – as if he hasn’t washed in a very long time. Although he shares similar characteristics to a walker, he is not, however judging them on the very little I know, a walker may be a more preferable choice.
Much to my dismay, all five of the men are armed with guns that look like they pack a lot more fire power than mine and all of them are pointed directly at me as soon as mine is pulled out. They all look like the type of people you would see lingering by dark alleyways at night - before all this began, of course. 
‘’ Slowly put that gun down.’’ Orders the man, his voice full of anger.
‘’ We mean you no-‘’ I begin.
‘’ Stuff it.’’ He interrupts, rising his gun towards my face. ‘’ I don’t want to hear excuses, you drew on us, you do mean harm.’’
‘’ You were approaching her, that’s why I drew on you. Can’t be too careful nowadays.’’
‘’ Put it down, now.’’ Repeats the man.
I gulp, lowering my small handgun onto the counter in front of me.
‘’ Step back, keep your hands on the back of your head.’’ He orders.
‘’ Mark. I’m scared.’’ Whispers Ella, sounding close to tears.
‘’ Shut up!’’ Yells the man, now aiming his gun at Ella.
‘’ Back off! She’s a bloody child.’’ I spit, stepping over to Ella and putting my arms around her comfortingly.
 ‘’ Both of you. Step away from each other and put your hands on your head. You’re coming with us.’’ He continues.
Reluctantly, Ella steps away, looking at me for help.
‘’ What about the others?’’ She whispers but I shake my head and she seems to understand that they won’t be able to do much considering how outnumbered we are in terms of gun power. 
‘’ Shut it!’’ Roars the man again.’’ Cover their heads.’’
Two of the men approach us and shove a thin black bag over my head; I struggle for a second, but receive a punch in the stomach that partially winds me and causes me to grunt in pain. 
‘’ Both of you are coming with us.’’ Says one of the others, grabbing me by the shoulders roughly and ushering me towards the direction of the door. ‘’ Now shut up and cooperate or this won’t be pleasant.’’
‘’ Let me go!’’ I squirm, fighting to get out of his grasp.
‘’ Shut your mouth you little shit.’’ Spits the man, smashing me in the face with the butt of his gun, knocking me to my back on the floor. I immediately feel my eye swelling up, it begins to water and it forces itself shut.
‘’ Leave him alone!’’ Screams Ella.
‘’ Shut up. Both of you.’’ Yells the man, there is a thumping sound and Ella whimpers.
One of the men grabs me by my shoulders and roughly picks me up off the ground. How none of our group hears them and come out to investigate is beyond me, but they escort us roughly towards the door and lead us outside, shuffling us away from the building and across the road.
‘’ There’s a hill here.’’ Warns one of the men.
They lead us down the small embankment beside the road; the light coming through the covering over my face lessens so I assume we have moved into a clump of trees. The barrel of a gun is shoved into my back, forcing me along. The man I assume to be in charge, who is ramming his gun into my back is relatively silent, occasionally yelling at me, complaining I’m not moving fast enough.
The ones not ushering us along are just behind us, chatting casually to each other.
‘’ What do you want with us?’’ I question. ‘’ We have no money, weapons or food. We’re just kids.’’
‘’ No questions. You’ll find out in time.’’ He mutters, pushing us along.
‘’ Look! It’s another one of those rotters. Over there!’’ Yells one of the men behind me, sounding alarmed.
‘’ Hurry up.’’ He orders.
‘’ Afraid of one walker?’’ I tease and he wallops me in the back of the head with the back of his hand.
I moan out in pain.
‘’ What he call it?’’ Asks one of the other men behind us.
‘’ What did you call it?’’ The man gesturing me along asks after a few moments of silent contemplation.
‘’ A walker.’’ I spit, slightly dizzy from the punch.
‘’ You keep up with that smart attitude and I’ll shoot the both of you here and now.’’ Snarls the man.
‘’ Let me get this straight, you’re going to shoot an unarmed teenager and a little girl, when you outnumber us three to one and we can’t see. Righty oh then. I understand perfectly. ’’ I reply and he clubs me hard in the back of the head with his gun.
I grunt as it impacts and I fall to the ground and let out a cry of pain. I hear Ella yell something but nobody replies, someone just yanks me up off the ground so I’m standing again.
We walk on for another few minutes, through high grassed, flat terrain. After a few minutes, we reach something – perhaps a house – and we ascend a short flight of stairs. We stay still for a second and then a lock clicks, we move a few feet forwards and then there is a noise of a closing door. The bags over our heads are removed; we are standing in a small vestibule of an old farmhouse. 
Inside the small porch, there is a rack with coats hanging on it, and below it is a neat row of shoes. The walls are covered with pictures in frames, photographs of an old couple and also a bird’s eye view shot of the house I can only presume we are in. It is a large white farm house, with a pig pen and chicken coop to one side of the house, and a large barn towards the back of it.
We are led along a short and narrow hallway, passing numerous shut doors and into a kitchen that leads into an adjoining dining room. Boxes of food and drink are stacked around the room, along with ammo for guns. The windows are all boarded up with planks of wood, attached crudely with rusted nails.
‘’ Move!’’ Yells the man, shoving us inside a closet door.
I realise that this is not a closet but the entrance to a basement. In front of us is a set of stairs leading downwards towards a flickering light.
‘’ I’m scared.’’ Sobs Ella, gripping my hand in hers as the door behind us is slammed shut.
 ‘’ Back off! You touch her and as soon as I get the chance, I will kill you!’’ Roars an angry voice from the bottom of the stairs as the door shuts, causing Ella to flinch back towards the door.
‘’ What?’’ I call down.
‘’ Oh God. They kidnapped a bloody child!’’ Cries a woman’s voice immediately before the man can respond.
From the bottom of the stairs, a woman and two men appear in the doorway, staring up at us with worried expressions on their faces. Their faces are bruised, especially the woman’s and they look exhausted. 
‘’ And a poor little girl.’’ Says the woman, sounding even more displeased.
‘’ Come down, are you two alright?’’ Asks one of the men kindly, making her way up the steps towards us.
‘’ Get back!’’ I yell threateningly. 
‘’ Don’t worry. We aren’t going to hurt you. We’re not like them.’’ Assures the woman again kindly. ‘’ We’re prisoners too.’’
‘’ What?’’ I ask, in confusion.
‘’ C’mon. We’ll explain everything to you now.’’ She explains, extending her arm out to Olivia. 
She takes it. I follow the woman down the stairs, and as we move closer to the luminescent light flickering in the room, her looks becomes clearer. Her face is filthy, covered in dirt, and blood. Her blonde hair is matted, tied up untidily in a ponytail with a faded pink hair bobbin. 
Beneath her eyes are large black bags, she doesn’t look like she’s slept in a long time. Her clothes are filthy, ripped and bloody – as though she has been wearing them since this whole thing started, and she’s been in a lot of fights with walkers.
‘’ You poor things.’’ Says the woman, first looking at Ella, then at me. ‘’ What did they do to you?’’
‘’ They hit me, I’m OK though.’’ I say. ‘’ Who are they?’’
‘’ Didn’t you recognise him?’’ Asks one of the men, the smaller one with sandy coloured hair.
‘’ What do you mean?’’ I ask, clueless to what he’s talking about.
‘’ You were probably too young to remember.’’ Says the third man. ‘’ But about twelve years ago, there was a homicide case. A man, hired some hitman to kill his wife. He took her money, then jetted off to some foreign country with some girl he’d had an affair with his wife with. He was caught eventually and then sent to prison for life.’’
‘’ That’s him?’’ I gasp, my jaw dropping to the floor. ‘’ I didn’t see his face properly, we were blindfolded. I remember seeing pictures of him before though; we looked at the case in a law module in transition year. God. How is he here? How is that possible?’’ I question.
‘’ Well there’s nobody to man the prisons. They escaped.’’ Explains the woman and bells begin to ring in my head, which explains the conversation they were having back at the restaurant before they noticed me.
‘’ What do they want with us?’’ I ask.
‘’ We don’t really know.’’ Explains the man with the blonde hair. ‘’ But there were a lot more of us. Every day or so they take two people from us, haven’t seen any of them since. 
‘’ How long have you been here?’’ Asks Ella, her arm still wrapped tightly around my waist.
‘’ I’ve been here a week.’’ Answers the brown haired man, then he points at the second man and the woman beside him. ‘’ These two have been her for two.’’
‘’ Where’d they take you from?’’ I ask.
‘’ We came to the house.’’ Begins the woman. ‘’ Hoping for shelter. It was dark, and it’s not safe to travel at night. They took us in.’’
‘’ They tricked us, took our weapons and food and then threw us down into this basement. Been locked in here ever since.’’ Adds the man angrily.
‘’ Haven’t you tried to escape?’’ I suggest, then the man who has been here a week turns to me, a gloomy look on his face.
‘’ There was someone with me at the beginning. He tried to escape. They shot him dead. Right in front of us.’’ He explains. ‘’ They left his body here for days. Said it was to leave a message. Only took it out about two days ago.’’ 
As he says this, his eyes wander across to a stain of dried blood hardening on the floor. He sighs sadly and then quietens.
‘’ I’m sorry.’’ I finally utter after a few awkward moments of silence as tears begin to well in the man’s eyes.
‘’ Mark I want to go back to the others.’’ Cries Ella, tears brimming in her eyes.
‘’ Others?’’ Gasps the woman, sounding both shocked and excited at the same time.
‘’ There are six others travelling with us.’’ I begin. ‘’ We were taken from them; the men had no idea we were with them. Or that they were even there with us when they took us.’’
‘’ That’s great!’’ Smiles the man.
‘’ What?’’ I ask, confused.
‘’ They will rescue you! Rescue us.’’ He explains excitedly.
Suddenly, the door at the top of the stairs opens, and about three pairs of footsteps begin making their way towards us.  The leader of the men – the murderer – is there, along with two other of his goons.
The woman beside us starts to back away, shaking with fear.
‘’ Don’t touch her!’’ Screams the man with blonde hair, stepping forwards.
‘’ Missed me?’’ Grins the man evilly.
The man with the blonde hair surges forward with a cry of anger, but before he can reach the leader, one of his goons club him in the face with their gun. The man with the blonde hair falls to the floor, moaning in pain and his nose begins to pour blood. He presses his already blood permeated sleeve up to his nose and it cloths some of the blood, however a lot falls to the floor. 
The other man runs to his aid and grabs the blonde haired man, pulling him away before the goons with the guns do anymore damage.
‘’ C’mon. Don’t make this harder. You should be used to the drill by now.’’ Laughs the man, grabbing the woman by her arm.
‘’ Victoria!’’ Yells the second man, also running forwards.
‘’ Take one more step and I will shoot you. You’re not as important to us as you were now that we have two new arrivals.’’ Warns the leader and the man to his left holds the gun upwards – the man doesn’t move any further.
The woman begins to scream as the leader half guides, half drags her towards the stairs.
‘’ Get you’re grimy hands off her!’’ Roars the man, however he stays put. 
The two men with guns stay put, then, when their boss has disappeared with the woman known as Victoria, they slowly begin to back towards the stairs, keeping their guns aimed at us. Then they ascend the steps, then the door closes and locks.
‘’ What are they doing with her?’’ Asks Ella innocently, sounding fearful.
‘’ You don’t want to know.’’ Says the blonde haired man whilst holding his shirt up to his blood nose. ‘’ Trust me.’’
Chapter Twenty Three
We sit in almost complete silence for the duration Victoria is gone, nobody says a word. The only audible sound is the noise of our gentle breathing and the sound of feet on floorboards above us.
Ella is sitting on the floor beside me, curled up with one arm over my stomach, clinging onto me for dear life as if at any second something is going to rip her from me just as Victoria was from the men. As if reading my thoughts, Ella’s grip are me tightens slightly.
‘’ Mark.’’ She whispers to me, glancing up innocently at my face, her sapphire blue eyes look as if they are about to start crying.
‘’ Yes?’’ I smile, replying quietly.
‘’ When do you think the others will rescue us?’’ She asks, again so innocently – she really doesn’t deserve to be here.
‘’ Well they have to find us first. But I bet you, it won’t be long until they are kicking the asses of the men upstairs.’’ I grin as best I can despite how I hopeless I really feel and she giggles quietly.
The two men sitting against the wall adjacent to us look angry, furious even. Both are staring straight ahead at nothing in particular but both look as if they are about to explode with rage. At least we share a common enemy, so in a way, the men are on my side.
‘’ I sure hope so.’’ Mutters Ella quietly to herself after a few seconds.
I glance around the small basement that has been acting as a prison for the men beside me for at least a week. The room is dark; the only source of light comes from a dull, flickering fluorescent light-bulb stretching across the mildew-covered ceiling that looks as though it could collapse in on us without warning any second. 
The walls are a faded ocean green colour and the wallpaper is peeling off in most parts. There are empty shelves lining one of the walls – the one I am facing – and below them is a white dish-washer that looks ancient as if it hadn’t been used for years – let alone in the months since this whole thing began!
From somewhere above us, there are footsteps. They walk the length of the room and then the doorway at the top of the steps swings open, a person – Victoria presumably – is shoved inside and the doors slams behind her.
For a moment there is silence, but then from the top of the stairs, the woman begins to sob. Both the men get to their feet and rush towards the stairs, bounding up them towards their crying friend.
The sandy haired man re-appears in the doorway first with Victoria in her arms. She has her arms around his neck and she is sobbing uncontrollably into his shoulder. He looks as devastated as her, but he carries her over to where he had been seated and gently places her on the floor. He then sits down beside her and wraps his arms around her, trying to comfort her.
From the top of the stairs, the other man pounds the door angrily with his fists, screaming profanities at the men and taking all his anger out on the door, kicking it and roaring louder. Ella winces beside me with each kick of the door or curse yelled, and still somehow, she grips tighter.
Victoria is a state, her clothes are even more torn up than they were before; her trousers are splashes with small droplets of blood, there are marks around her wrists that look like rope burns and there are some semi-strangulation wounds on her throat. 
Her eyes look lifeless, as if she is halfway between human and walker but the cause is not a bite, it is trauma. There is some dried blood creeping in a small trail from her left nostril and the side of her face is bruised.
‘’ What did they do to her?’’ Asks Ella, glancing over at Victoria and then back at me. 
I shrug my shoulders, pretending to be ignorant and she looks away. I’d prefer for her not to know what the men just did to Victoria. I’d prefer to spare her the knowledge that Victoria has just been raped and - despite her age – if our friends don’t find us soon, she could be next.
However they do not come. What has to be days drag by horrifically slowly – because of the lack of a window, it is impossible to tell what time it is, or even if it is night or day. The men come in a few times with food for us – some water and what they insist is porridge – and Victoria is also taken from us a few times over the few days. 
When she is gone, the two men spend the duration of this time roaring in anger at the men who took her and bang the door in fury, the sandy-haired man receives quite a bad beating for this. When Victoria is with us, the men are silent, they simply lie on the floor with Victoria curled up beside them. Ella is the same as her, she lies with her arm clutching me tightly, and although she does ask a lot of questions I can’t answer, she is relatively quiet.
‘’ We have to do something.’’ I finally utter after one of the men carry Victoria down the stairs, she sobs as he does so. ’’ We can’t just sit here.’’
‘’ What is there to do?’’ Questions the sandy haired man. ‘’ If we try anything, they’ll kill us.’’
‘’ They’re going to kill us anyway! And if they don’t kill us, they’ll do things to some of us that will make us wish we were dead.’’ I argue, and judging by the look on the sandy haired man’s face, I got through to him. He first looks at Victoria, still crying in his arms, then back at me.
‘’ Ella.’’ He smiles. ‘’ Could you come here and comfort Victoria? I want to talk to Mark.’’
Before Ella answers, she looks at me for approval. I nod and she crawls over to the woman and wraps her arm around her. Victoria smiles weakly through tears and returns the friendly embrace. The sandy haired man gets to his feet and comes over to where I am sitting on the hard and dirty floor.
‘’ Seán!’’ He calls up the stairs to where the other man is still screaming angrily. ‘’ Come on down. It’s not worth it.’’
After a few more powerful smashes to the door, the brown haired man known as Seán joins us again.
‘’ What?’’ He questions as both me and the sandy haired man look at him.
‘’ We need a plan for an escape.’’ He says, plain and simply.
‘’ You know what happened last time Jason. We can’t risk losing more people.’’ Argues Seán.
‘’ Well we can’t just sit around and wait for them to take us. Like Mark said, we’re probably going to die anyway. If that does happen, we’ll drag as many of them down with us as possible.’’ Explains the sandy haired man – Jason. ‘’ If we can’t escape, we have to at least stop them from taking more people like us.’’ 
‘’ Any ideas?’’ Asks Seán after a few quiet moments of silent contemplation.
‘’ When do they’ll be dropping the food?’’ I ask.
‘’ It should be here within the hour. But you know how they are, they’ve been very clear with us. When they are dropping our food in, we must all stand at the back wall with our hands raised above our heads, no funny stuff.’’ Explains Jason, saying the last part in the leader’s voice mockingly.
‘’ Well we’ll just have to try something that doesn’t give them enough time to react.’’ I explain to them. 
‘’ Yeah. We could ambush them just as they come in. One or two of us could stand just inside the door while the rest stand at the back wall.’’ Continues Jason.
‘’ Won’t they have guns?’’ I ask, just so this factor can be taken into account too.
‘’ We’ll have to be quick, no one else can die. I’ve lost too many already.’’ Says Seán and his face darkens – as he obviously recalls the traumas he has faced since this whole thing began.
 ‘’ If we can keep them from firing their guns, then we’ll be able to escape easier because the others won’t be alerted so soon of trouble. We need to take care of them as soon as possible.’’ I explain and Seán nods in understanding.
‘’ So who’s gonna do it?’’ Asks Victoria once Jason has explained our plan to her and Ella.
‘’ I will.’’ I reply immediately. 
‘’ Me too.’’ Answer Jason and Seán together. 
‘’ No Jason.’’ Argues Seán. ‘’ Victoria needs you to protect her, as does Ella. I will do it. If it comes to it, I can sacrifice myself for you guys.’’
‘’ Oh shut up Seán! You won’t be sacrificing yourself, we’re all getting out of here.’’ Argues Victoria, Seán’s ‘hero’ attitude obviously not impressing her. ‘’ You’re not leaving us.’’
‘’ I am ambushing them with Mark, Jason will mind you and Ella. End of.’’ 
‘’ OK.’’ Exclaims Jason after a few moments, and then they both sit on either side of Victoria. 
We stop talking, again returning to silence and with the free time, my mind wanders back to our friends, Olivia, Robert, Sinead. Are they close? Do they know where we are? Are they even looking? 
Yes. Of course they are. I think to myself, trying to reassure myself but still uncertainty lingers at the back of my mind. They have to be.
I can’t imagine what will happen to us if they never find us. What will they do to Ella if something happens to Victoria, or if they simply get bored of her. No. I won’t let that happen, I can’t let it happen. 
I again return to observing the small basement around me. It is dank and the room smells of body odour and dirt. How  much longer will I be here if things don’t work out the way we want them to? More days? Weeks? Months? Will I ever escape? Will I even make it as far as nightfall?
‘’ Alright?’’ Asks Victoria, sitting down beside me and Ella, halting my train of thought before it veers dangerously off its tracks.
‘’ Yeah. I’m fine. I guess.’’ I smile weakly in response. ‘’ What about you?’’
As soon as the words leave my mouth, I immediately curse myself silently. How the hell would she be alright? She’s just been violently sexually assaulted by murderers who have escaped from prison during a zombie apocalypse. Of course she’s not alright.
‘’ I’ve been better.’’ She admits glumly. ‘’ I hope this plan works. I can’t stand those bastards.’’
‘’ Why do you think they are keeping us here?’’ I ask.
‘’ Well it’s obvious why they want me, because nobody else would willingly touch those pigs. But I’m not so sure about the rest of you, especially little Ella.’’ She explains and I glance at Ella, who is asleep, lying against my chest. 
Her breaths are silent, the only evidence that she is breathing at all is her tiny chest slowly rising and falling again. Her face is dirty yet innocent, she doesn’t deserve this trauma. 
‘’ I really hope I can get her out of here, I’d hate it if they...’’ I begin, but stop after I see her facial expression. ‘’ Sorry.’’
‘’ Don’t worry. It’s OK.’’ She smiles, as weakly as my previous attempt. 
‘’ How many did you say there were with you?’’  I question.
‘’ Well I was taken with Jason, when we came here looking for shelter. Seán was here when we arrived, along with a friend of his. There were some others too, but they were taken away.’’ She explains.
‘’ Weird.’’ I say and as I say it, the door to the basement opens up.
‘’ Quickly. Let’s move!’’ Orders Seán in a half whisper, half yell as the footsteps begin making their way down the stairs. I wake Ella quickly and Victoria takes her from me.
We both run to the doorway, standing on either side of it with our backs against the wall. This better work. This has to work. Please God, let this work.
‘’ Get to the back wall, hands up, you know the routine.’’ Orders a voice halfway down the stairs, an unfamiliar one, not the man who led the group that kidnapped us.
A man enters the room, a large blue plastic tray with five small bottles of waters and five bowls of a white slop – the ‘’porridge’’. Before he has a chance to realise that not all five of us are standing at the wall, we attack. 
I knock the tray from his grasp, the bottles fall to the ground and roll away, the bowls of what they insist is porridge smash to the floor, shattering on impact and sending the cold slop splashing across the floor. I feel adrenaline coursing through my veins, giving me a surprising burst of energy and I ball up my fist and punch the man hard in the face. As he winces forwards in pain, I bring my knee up and it clashes against his nose.
From behind the first man, a gunshot is fired, but it sails above our heads. There is a scream from behind us – Victoria – but I ignore it for now, punching the man in the stomach as Seán kicks him in the shin. He leans forward as my blow winds him and I grab him by the neck and pull him to the ground, as he hits the ground, I hear his nose crack and he goes still – although his chest contains to rise and fall.
More gunshots fire into the room and I sense the plan falling apart. I dive for cover, Seán attempts to do the same but a bullet catches him, hitting and penetrating his upper torso. He falls to the floor and clutches his wound feebly as it pumps blood onto the floor. Victoria and Ella both scream in sheer terror as the man who was supposed to ambush our captives bleeds out on the floor.
‘’ What’s going on down here?’’ Screams the voice of the man who brought us here, bounding down the stairs.
I watch  Seán on the floor, still clutching his wound. He continues to writhe in pain on the floor and then eventually goes still.
‘’ Stop!’’ I scream as the man enters the room with two others, all three have guns.
‘’ Give me one reason why we shouldn’t kill you here and now?’’ Questions the man, holding the gun straight up to my forehead. 
For a moment, I stay quiet, trying to muster up a knowledgeable reason for him not to kill me and the others. Only now do I realise that Victoria is sobbing, as is Ella. I glance over at them and see Jason, the bullet hit him, hence Victoria’s first stifling scream.
 He is still, blood is pumping from a wound somewhere near his throat, but the amount of blood now coating him makes it impossible to tell where the bullet wound is. 
‘’ Because Ella is immune.’’ I finally say, immediately regretting saying it as I know it has put her in immediate danger.
The two men seem to contemplate this for a second. 
 ‘’ And if you want to know more, you won’t touch me or Ella. Or her.’’ I say, pointing at Victoria.
‘’ Is that so?’’ Laughs one of the men.
‘’ Yes.’’ I reply, standing my ground, trying to sound a lot more confident than I feel.
The two men whisper to each other for a moment, and as they do I glance around the room. The basement that has acted as my cell for the last few days has transformed into a slaughter house. 
Jason is on the floor, almost floating in a pool of his own blood. His eyes are open wide, although they are lifeless. Seán looks quite similar although his eyes are shut – which I guess is a small consolation in a way. He too is lying in a puddle of his own blood. 
The man I took down who had been carrying the tray lies still on the floor. He is lying on his stomach facing the floor, his chest is no longer rising and falling and he is no longer moaning softly. He is dead. We killed him.
 ‘’ What did you say about being immune?’’ Asks a new voice that is strangely familiar.
The noise of footsteps accompany the voice, and the men immediately stop conversing with each other and turn to watch the man descend. When he finally reaches the bottom of the stairs, my eyes enlarge and my mouth opens with a gasp.
‘’Rick.’’

Chapter Twenty Four
For what seems like an eternity, I glare into Rick’s eyes, hatred burning deeply through them. There is silence from everyone else in the room. Everyone is confused about what is happening. Finally, after a few moments, Ella speaks.
‘’ It’s him. He’s the one who set fire to the school.’’ She whispers and I nod, briefly forgetting she was there that night, watching from the sidelines as some of us were led to our deaths.
I lunge forwards and grab Rick around the neck, tossing him at the wall and smashing his face of the wooden doorframe. He falls to the ground and the men around him step forwards.
‘’ No!’’ He yells, climbing from the floor and wiping blood from around his grinning mouth. ‘’ I can deal with him.’’
He steps forward and punches me hard in the jaw; I spin with the force of the blow and fall to the floor. I spit a mouthful of blood onto the ground, get to my feet and dive for him. We fall to the floor and begin to brawl.
I get on top of him first, thrashing at him with my fists and punching rapidly, mercilessly and ferociously. Every time one of the goons on his side steps forward, he angrily shrugs them off, telling them he has it under control.
I throw another punch but he blocks with his arm and I am thrown off balance. He overpowers me momentarily and throws me to the floor. Before I can get up, he dives onto me and begins wrapping his hands around my throat.
I begin to gasp for air as I feel the oxygen supply to my lungs halt – causing me to get light-headed. 
‘’ Stop it!’’ Screams Ella, thumping Rick in the back weakly – not really having much an effect on him – he ignores her.
Victoria stands frozen in the corner, looking from me, to Seán, to Jason – a look of complete and utter bewilderment on her face.
Ella grabs the tray the food was carried on and begins beating Rick over the head. As I feel myself losing my grip on life, Rick lets go. He curses and slaps Ella across the face with the back of his hand. She whimpers and falls to her knees.
I get to my feet and sprint to her aid, as does Victoria. Rick stands and walks over to the men with the guns – he is their leader.
‘’ If I had a gun you’d be dead.’’ I spit, fury welling up inside of me.
‘’ If that little girl hadn’t helped you, you’d be dead.’’ He corrects.
I ignore him, and wipe blood from my upper lip and nose.
‘’ Now if you know what’s good for you, you’ll do as we say.’’ He grins maliciously and then spits a blob of bloody spit from his mouth.
‘’ I’d rather be shot than help you.’’ I snap in response.
‘’ Oh I know that. But you will co-operate.’’ He smiles.
‘’ What makes you so sure?’’ I question in a mocking tone.
‘’ Well if you don’t do as we say, we’ll shoot these pretty two girlies. Well, that is right after my boys here have some fun with them.’’ He laughs and I fight the urge to jump at him again, however I hold back – he doesn’t look as patient as before, maybe this time he’ll allow his goons to intervene. 
‘’ Why did you do it?’’ I ask. ‘’ We could’ve helped each other.’’
‘’ Shut up.’’ He snaps. ‘’ And listen to me.’’
‘’ Why though? We are supposed to be on the same side.’’ I continue. ‘’ Us against the walkers-‘’
‘’ I said shut up!’’ He roars, causing both Victoria and Ella on either side of me step back slightly, however I stand my ground in front of him.
He takes a pistol out of a small holder from a belt wrapped around his waist, holding it at eye level to my face.
‘’ Upstairs. The three of you.’’ He orders, signalling the way with his gun.
We make our way out of the cramped room, one of the men pass us and steps ahead of us, the second man and Rick follow up behind. There are two more men standing guard at the top of the stairs. We file one-by-one along the narrow corridor, and we are led up a second set of stairs, leading up to the second floor of the farmhouse.
We are led along a similar looking narrow hallway as before and into a bedroom. The three of us are thrown in and the door slams shut behind us, the lock clicks.
‘’ Why are they moving us?’’ Asks Ella.
‘’ Well they have to take care of the...people down stairs. Before they turn.’’ I explain, trying to be delicate towards Victoria’s feelings.
‘’ What do you think they’ll do?’’ Asks Victoria. ‘’ To us I mean.’’
‘’ I don’t know. But I swear you won’t get hurt. You’re with us now.’’ I explain and she smiles, however it is weak, she obviously isn’t convinced. 
I then turn to Ella. ‘’ Listen to me, if they ask you anything about the others, lie to them. Tell them that we got separated from them on the road, then our car broke down and we were lucky to come across a station. It has been just the two of us for a long time. Do not mention where the others are. Say you don’t know.’’ 
She nods in understanding, then the door bursts open. Two men with guns gripped in their hands enter and grab Ella.
‘’ Get off me!’’ She screams however one of the men silences her by holding his gun to her back.
I try to approach her, as does Victoria, but the second man holds his gun up. ‘’ Don’t worry. We’ll take extra good care of this little girl, after-all, she’s immune.’’
Although the man sounds as though he is telling the truth, his creepy grin unsettles me and I find it hard to step back.
‘’ I’ll be OK Mark.’’ Promises Ella – and in a weird way, I find her reassurance comforting. 
‘’ If you harm her, or Victoria, we’re not helping you. Tell that to Rick.’’ I shout, as one man back out of the room, leaving me and Victoria alone with one guard.
‘’ This is where they do it.’’ Mutters Victoria, staring blankly into space ahead of her.
I look around; we are in a bedroom – it is dark as the windows are boarded over with planks and covered with carpets. The place smells of sweat and semen. The large four-poster bed was probably once lovely and looks as though it may have once been worth a lot; however the sheets are messily thrown over it and are splattered with blood. 
The metal head and footboard, along with the four posts are bent in places, and there are ropes tied to the corners, with hand and feet holes in them. My mind wanders to the horrific things Victoria must have gone through in this room over the time she’s been here.
‘’ Don’t act like you don’t love it girlie.’’ Laughs the man by the door. 
He is slightly overweight, with black hair and an overgrown beard covers most of his dirty face. His eyes are dark, and his eyebrows – or should I say eyebrow – extends completely across his face like a hairy caterpillar. With his facial hair and expressions, I can’t help but be reminded of a gorilla in the zoo or a caveman on display at a museum.
‘’ Don’t worry. I will figure something out.’’ I say after a few more moments of silence.
From the room next to us, I hear muffled voices, no shouting – which has to be a good sign. 
‘’ She’ll be OK.’’ Whispers Victoria. ‘’ They won’t kill her now that they think she’s valuable.’’
‘’ How do you know Rick?’’ Interrupts the man in the corner, his voice husky and deep.
‘’ He used to travel with us.’’ I begin. ‘’ He tricked us into going with him, betrayed us and tried to kill us first chance he got.’’
‘’ Ha! Idiots.’’ Grins the man, I notice one of his front teeth is replaced with a golden filling. ‘’ You were stupid for falling for that!’’
‘’ Listen to yourself.’’ Replies Victoria with a fake laugh, sounding agitated with the man’s stupidity. ‘’ He’s probably going to do the exact same thing to you.’’
‘’ He wouldn’t. He swore to us. If we helped him, he’d help us.’’ Argues the man, however his unconvinced voice proves his argument is weak. ‘’ He rescued us from prison, why would he have rescued us only to betray us?’’
I decide to ignore his last question, it will probably be better for him to find out himself anyway. 
‘’ What exactly are you helping him with?’’ I ask, focusing on what he first said.
‘’ Someone he knows is infected. Some girl.’’ Replies the man, clearly he doesn’t know much about it.
Rosie.
Before I have a chance to respond, the door to the room opens; Rick walks in, accompanied by Ella and two of the guards. Thankfully, Ella seems unharmed, however before she can hug me, I am lead out of the room, away from the two girls and gorilla man.
‘’ Not a word until I say so.’’ He orders and again, we walk along the hallway. 
The walls are covered with family photographs of an old couple.
‘’ So what’d you do with them Rick?’’ I question, glancing at the photos. ‘’ Kill ‘em? Trick them into trusting-‘’ 
Before I can finish, he smashes me hard in the face – my already injured eye – and I fall to the floor hard, moaning in pain.
‘’ Get up and keep your mouth shut you little shit.’’ He spits through gritted teeth. ‘’ Only speak when I ask you a question.’’
I am thrown into another room by the scruff of my neck, and I stumble but regain my balance before I fall again. I am in a study; Rick has followed me inside, however he has the guard stand outside. Sitting at a desk in front of me is Paul – again, I fight the urge to pick up the large lamp sitting on the desk and smash him over the head with it.
‘’ Hello Mark.’’ He begins with a sigh.
‘’ Cut to the chase.’’ I snap. ‘’ I’ve never been one for reunions.’’
‘’ We want your help.’’ He replies, sounding as if it is taking a lot out of him.
‘’ Why would I help you?’’ I question, angry that he’d even dare seek my assistance after what he did.
‘’ Because it’s the only way you and your buddies are getting out of here alive.’’ Roars Rick angrily, spit flying from his mouth as he does.
‘’ Look.’’ Begins Paul, in a calmer tone – I notice that Rick and Paul seem to have swapped personalities since I last saw them. ‘’ We don’t care if your friends are close. We won’t harm them, we need your help, and Ella’s help, if you are immune, as you say you are.’’
‘’ What do you want?’’ I ask, getting impatient.
‘’ We want to take some of your blood.’’ Explains Paul. ‘’ Compare it with that of those freshly bitten and blood of the rotters.’’ 
‘’ How are you going to get a person freshly bitten?’’ I ask.
‘’ We’ll just get rid of one of the men we rescued from the prison.’’ Explains Rick, as if a life is nothing to him – which he has already proven. He clearly sees the expression of disgust on my face. ‘’ Would you rather we used Victoria?’’ 
‘’ No.’’ I reply immediately, dismissing his idea.
‘’ So, we are asking for a blood sample and then when we have figured out what’s so special about you, then the three of you may leave.’’ Continues Paul.
‘’ No. We leave when you take the sample, it could take weeks, months even to analyse it.’’ I argue, neither of the men say a word for a second. ‘’ I don’t even know how you’ll do that!’’
‘’ C’mon then. Let’s take you to Rosie.’’ Says Paul, getting to his feet.
‘’ Rosie?’’ I repeat, suddenly a lot more interested.
‘’ She’s taking care of our rotters.’’ Smiles Rick evilly and opens the door.
‘’ Aren’t you going to question me?’’ I ask.
‘’ No? Why would we do that?’’ Questions Paul.
‘’ What did you do when you took Ella out of the room?’’ I ask.
‘’ We questioned her, we have a better chance of getting it out of her than you. Apparently she doesn’t know anything. Obviously you two are just going to waste our time if we question you. We, like you said, are going to simply cut to the chase.’’ Explains Rick through gritted teeth.
I am led from the room and my thoughts drift to Rosie. If she is taking care of the walkers, then she isn’t the one that Rick wants us to help.
 ‘’ Why are we moving around so much?’’ I question, getting annoyed at the constant shifting – and also wanting to change the subject, before they say anything more about her – but my question is ignored.
I am led to the room where Victoria and Ella are and Rick has them taken out. Gorilla man follows. The three of us are shuffled along in single file line down the stairs and we stand in front of the door to the building.
‘’ Try anything funny, and we’ll shoot you here and now.’’ Mutters Rick and opens the door.
I am surprised to see how bright it is outside, the inside is so dark because of the carpeted windows that the sudden brightness is a shock and it takes my eyes a few moments to adjust.
We are led out onto a small porch, in front of the house is a narrow dirt road, leading ahead to a slightly larger one that stretches along in front of us. There is an unsteady-looking wooden fence around the perimeter, but we are led around the side of the house instead.
‘’ Rotter.’’ Says one of the men, pointing out a walker.
‘’ They were in that prison for quite a while, they are still adjusting to the new world.’’ Explains Paul to me, but I turn away from him, ignoring his presence and trying to block out his voice.
Paul and Rick stand either side of the three of us, Gorilla man leads a few meters ahead of us, and two others bring up the rear. We are led past an empty chicken coop and a deserted pig pen and along a dusty dirt road towards a large, red wooden barn.
As we get closer, its details become clearer. The large set of doors has been locked with a padlock and chain, which secures them shut however there is a set of steps that lead up to a door on the first level. Rick and Paul dismiss the two guards, leaving us with just gorilla man and then we are lead up the stairs.
‘’ Keep them here for a second.’’ Orders Rick as he and Paul disappear from view.
‘’ Listen to me.’’ I say, turning to the gorilla man. ‘’ Rick explained that they wanted to do some blood testing, comparing mine and Ella’s immune blood, a walker’s blood and the blood of someone freshly bitten. Rick said he was going to use one of you as the guinea pigs for the freshly bitten blood, I take it that he’s going to use you. You have to help us, we can stop him.’’ 
‘’ Oh stuff it. You’re just trying to make me humanoid. Well I’ve killed, I’m not scared of shit.’’ Replies gorilla man, clearly trying to sound tough but with his use of malapropisms and his stupid face, I find it hard to take him seriously.
‘’ You mean paranoid?’’ Questions Victoria, but before he can reply, Rick reappears.
‘’ Take ‘em up here Bludge.’’ Orders Rick – possibly calling gorilla man by a nickname, unless his parents were very cruel people.
We are led up the steps and into the barn, there is a small wooden floor about one meter wide, then there is a drop as the floor opens up over the main part of the barn. Nothing more than a rickety-looking fence keeping us from falling down to where I can see four walkers waddling aimlessly about.
‘’ Mark!’’ Yelps Rosie in shock and what I think is excitement, she sprints towards me and wraps her arms around my neck.
Despite almost every inch of me screaming not to let her do this, that she is a traitor, I am unable to resist and I return the embrace. I smell the almost forgotten yet familiar scent of her skin, and feel her long hair rest on my shoulders as I hold her in my arms.
She then moves slightly away from me and pulls my face towards hers, kissing me nervously at first but then getting more passionate when I allow it, just like our first kiss in that old newsagents which seems like a lifetime ago.
‘’ Enough.’’ Says Rick ripping me from her by my neck.
‘’ Rick!’’ She screams. ‘’ Don’t hurt him!’’
‘’ Enough.’’ He repeats and she quietens. ‘’ We need to get that walker blood.’’
Rosie takes out an empty needle and hands it to Rick.
‘’ Victoria.’’ Says Rick, nodding in her direction, then handing her the syringe. ‘’ You’ll be collecting this sample for us.’’
‘’ No!’’ I yell. ‘’ Give me that, I’ll do it.’’
I snatch the needle from Victoria.
‘’ I said Victoria.’’ Says Rick. 
‘’ How do I get it?’’ I ask, ignoring him.
‘’ No!’’ Shouts Rosie. ‘’ Rick, don’t-‘’ 
Before she can finish her sentence, Paul and Rick exchange a glance and then Paul clamps a hand around Rosie’s mouth. She screams and fights to break his grasp but Gorilla man aids Paul and they manage to keep her still
 ‘’ We’ve secluded a rotter, it’s unconscious as far as we know, you just climb down the ladder to it, take a blood sample and bob’s your uncle.’’
‘’ What?’’ I reply in confusion 
‘’ Nothing. Figure of speech. Now go!’’ He orders, edging me towards the ladder down to the pen.
 I slowly and carefully descend the ladder, into a small section of the barn that once probably housed a single cow or a few pigs. As I descend, Rosie continues to protest with screams, however they are muffled to a near silence under Paul’s hand.
Leaned against the wall, seemingly fast asleep is a walker. It is breathing heavily, its bare and bloody chest inflating slowly. The site is rather unsettling; I never knew walkers even could sleep. It’s kind of creepy that they are beginning to seem more human.
‘’ Easy does it.’’ Whispers Paul as I gently step up to the walker.
I lift the needle up, and carefully prick the pin into the walker’s arm and begin extracting blood slowly. Suddenly, there is a small bang against the entrance to the small pen I am in as one of the other walkers notices my presence. She begins clawing hungrily at me, but her arms do not reach.
I pull the needle out, but the walker begins to stir.
‘’ Shit!’’ I mutter and head to the ladder.
Before I reach the ladder, the walker grabs me by the shoulder and pulls me back towards him.
‘’ You idiot!’’ Calls Rick angrily. ‘’ Do not drop that needle. We don’t have a lot left.’’
Before I have a chance to properly comprehend what he has just said, or come up with a response, the walker in the pen beside me bares its teeth and me and attempts to bite me. 
I punch the walker in the face before it has the chance and then knee it in the stomach, causing it to double over. When it falls to the ground, I continuously kick at its head with my shoe, which eventually sinks into its head, disappearing into blood as its scalp opens up and blood begins oozing out.
When the walker finally goes still, I take the syringe in one hand and begin to climb the ladder. When I reach the top, Rick pulls me over the ledge and grabs the syringe off me. 
‘’ Now then. We need to get blood from someone freshly infected.’’ He grins and begins to raise his gun towards Victoria.
I glance over at Gorilla man and he meets my eyes, then I mouth the words ‘I told you so’. My words from earlier obviously come back to his mind because he also raises his gun with a look of horror and panic on his face.
‘’ What are-‘’ Begins Rick but he is cut off.
‘’ No! You won’t kill me!’’ He yells and fires his gun at Rick.
The bullet misses by quite a lot, this guy is obviously as uncoordinated as he looks and the bullet sails well over Rick’s head.
Almost immediately, Paul shoots at him and he is thrown backwards and over the edge of the railing with the force of the shotgun – into the barn of walkers. There is a sickening sound of bones crunching as the potbellied beast of a man hits the floor of the barn and he begins firing his gun at them, sending two down. However then there is a sound of clicking as his gun runs out of ammo.
The remains walkers amble excitedly towards him and he is too crippled from the fall to adequately defend himself. He screams out in terror as he is slowly ripped to pieces by them.
‘’ Sandra!’’ Roars Rick. ‘’ He shot her!’’
‘’ Oh God.’’ Mutters Rosie in shock and fear.
‘’ I...I-‘’ Begins Paul. ‘’ He would’ve shot-‘’
 ‘’ You stupid little shit.’’ He screams, then raises his gun towards Paul. ‘’ This is your fault! She’s dead now!’’
‘’ Rick! Stop this!’’ Yells Rosie. ‘’ Stop this at once!’’
Rick raises his gun towards Paul and begins to close on the trigger, but before he can, Paul leaps into action. He blasts his shotgun – without aiming properly – and sends bullets raining. I along with Rosie, Victoria and Ella dive to the floor for shelter. Rick sidesteps the initial blast but a stray bullet scrapes his side and he roars out in pain.
He falls backwards to the floor and as he does, he fires his gun until it clicks, indicating his ammo has finally run dry. The bullet whizzes through the air and slices through Paul’s throat. He remains standing for a moment, with his eyes wide until he finally collapses to the floor.
Rosie screams in terror and runs to his aid. Rick simply lies on the floor, staring up at the roof of the barn, still. She then begins to cry. We gather beside Rosie around Paul’s corpse.
Suddenly, there is the sound of footsteps as the guards that had been stationed outside begin to ascend into the barn. I grab Paul’s gun and turn to face the door. As the two men enter, I instinctively fire. I watch as both fall to the floor, as dead as dodos.
As they fall, life seems to change to slow motion. I watch as they both slip through the air, small droplets of blood spraying from the wounds I have just created in them. I gasp aloud as I realise I have just ended two more lives, not walkers, humans. As they impact the floor, there is a loud bang and everything returns to normal speed. 
‘’ We gotta go!’’ I scream. ‘’ Now!’’
Victoria and Ella quickly get to their feet and follow me towards the exit, however Rosie remains where she is.
‘’ Rosie c’mon!’’ I order.
‘’ What?’’ She questions in confusion. 
‘’ Come with us!’’ I explain. ‘’ You have to.’’
‘’ I can’t-‘’ She begins but then gets to her feet.
I take the weapons from the fallen men as we exit the barn and we descend the stairs. I don’t glance back at Rick who is still on the floor – most likely alive but too weak to do anything about us.
From the bottom of the steps, we sprint towards the picket fence lining the perimeter of the farm. We clamber over it and run into a small crop of trees, leaving the farm and hopefully Rick behind for good. Although this thought runs through my mind, my doubts of his return plague me. This won’t be the last of him. 
We run through the trees for about five minutes until Rosie suddenly stops completely.
‘’ I am so sorry! I didn’t know what they were going to do! Honestly. I tried to stop them. I love you. I love you with all my heart!’’ 
Before I can respond to her, she locks her lips over mine again and we kiss. I close my eyes as her tongue slips into my mouth, and I kiss her back. Every so often, she withdraws her tongue and pecks my lips with hers. I feel myself warm up, not just inside, but all over as I take everything in once again. The smell of her hair, the feel of her soft skin, the act she has just done to save us.
‘’ I...you...’’ I stutter, feeling my cheeks blush tremendously.
‘’ You’re so cute.’’ She giggles and then we continue running through the trees.

Chapter Twenty Five
‘’ Quickly!’’ Calls Rosie, sprinting through the trees a few meters ahead of us. ‘’ We have to move faster!’’
‘’ Walker!’’ Yells Ella as she raises the gun I gave her to protect herself and us – the one the prisoner had had before I killed him.
‘’ No!’’ Shout myself, Rosie and Victoria together.
‘’ What?’’  Gasps Ella, unaware of a mistake that could prove fatal.
‘’ We can’t draw them here. Do not fire that gun unless completely necessary. Just pick up the pace.’’ I say and we continue at a sprint, weaving in and around trees and then coming to the edge of the tree line.
We push out of the cover of the trees and back into the sunshine. We climb up a small embankment and reach the road of stationary or broken down cars and trucks.  About one hundred meters away is the petrol station and the small restaurant my friends are in.
‘’ Let’s move. Quickly, before anymore walkers notice us, or worse.’’ I say and we head towards the station at a jog.
I notice some useful things in cars we pass, clothes, some food; however I ignore it, too eager on reaching my friends before anything reaches me.
‘’ How long were you in that farmhouse?’’ I ask.
‘’ Just over two weeks. We helped rescue the prisoners from prison and then we found that place, the owners were dead when we got there. They had hung themselves together. Both were rotters, simply hanging from the ropes by their necks, struggling and slowly starving. We took them down, put them in the barn.’’ She explains.
‘’ Who were the other three?’’ I ask. ‘’ There were five walkers in total.’’
‘’ One was one of the prisoners, got bitten while feeding them. Another was Rick’s fiancée from before this all kicked off and the third was Rick’s dad.’’ She responds.
‘’ What?’’ I gasp. ‘’ Fiancée? Dad?’’
‘’ His was in the group we took from the prison. Only he was already infected when we got there. He was still alive though, and Rick was determined to find a cure for him, the same with his fiancée. He said he didn’t have a dad because he grew up without one, his dad was in prison his whole life.’’ She continues. 
‘’ Well we could have helped him, if he hadn’t done that. Now he’s probably dead, or near dying.’’ I say angrily. ‘’ And what about his fiancée?’’
‘’ She was in prison too.’’
‘’ That’s a messed up family. Both in jail?’’
‘’ Yup.’’ She replies. ‘’ He was determined to save them both, Bludge is lucky he was killed by them, Rick would’ve done a lot worse to him for shooting Sandra.’’
I don’t really know what to say to that, so I remain silent.
As we get closer, I notice that the restaurant looks empty. There are no silhouettes of our friends moving; perhaps they are in the kitchen, or out looking for us, or scavenging supplies from cars
‘’ Mark I don’t see anyone.’’ Says Ella quietly, sounding worried. 
‘’ Walker!’’ Yells Victoria, using her gun as a pointer, directing the tip at a male hobbling towards us from a long-since overturned car. 
Rosie rushes forwards and smacks the creature over its scarred and scabby scalp. Its skull implodes as the butt of her gun sinks into in. It moans as it falls to the ground but Rosie makes quick work of it, and she smashes her hiking boot down on its face, silencing it and causing it to go still.
We come to the side entrance to the restaurant and I push the door open. My gun is gone from the counter where I left it. The place is as quiet as a cemetery on a blustery winter’s night. 
‘’ Where are they?’’ Asks Ella, looking around her for signs of her sister.
I run into the kitchen, pushing the door open but find an empty room. Even my sleeping bag and pillow has been removed, along with my gear bag with supplies in it.
Sitting on the counter, just above the seat is a small note.
Mark and Ella
Where are you? When we woke up you had disappeared. We spent two days  looking for you but on the second day when we came back the seven seater was gone. We presume you returned and when you saw the other car missing you thought we had left so you went looking for us. If it wasn’t you, we are heading to the city. It’s only a few miles away. We will be waiting for you there. Hopefully though, you’ll be waiting for us. We have left a small bag of supplies in a pack in the fridge.
Olivia.
I slowly hobble back into the restaurant and to the front window. I glance out, both cars are gone – something I hadn’t noticed a second ago. I bury my face in my palms and begin to cry.
‘’ What is it?’’ Asks Rosie, placing her hand on my shoulder.
‘’ Mark? Are you alright?’’ Questions Victoria.
‘’ Mark?’’ Says Ella.
After a few moments, I finally stop whimpering long enough to say a full sentence.
‘’ What’s wrong?’’ Asks Ella.
‘’ They’re gone. They left us.’’ 

To be continued...


[ To read more stories by MadeInWicklow / Cian Griffin, type the following link into the URL bar on your computer: http://www.wattpad.com/user/MadeInWicklow . ] 











