
Crypto-Punk

Smashwords Edition
George Traikovich
Copyright © 2013 George Traikovich
All rights reserved.
ISBN: 9781301187249
Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 
CHAPTER 1
Fourth Avenue was an imposing hill that ran through the city’s west side, sealed off from traffic by a parade of orange barrels that made it the ideal location for the upcoming race.
The teams pushed their wobbly-wheeled karts to the starting line beneath a homemade banner strung up between two telephone poles. The sign read, First Annual Bixby Elementary Science Death Race, though someone had scribbled death in between science and race, unofficially. 
Mr. Birdsong wiped his forehead with his handkerchief. It wasn’t even noon yet and pit stains were already starting to show on his button-down shirt. But it was the middle of August and the last day of summer school, so what else did he expect? “Everybody understand the rules? OK, good. Now, where are my glasses?”
The kids all pointed at once.
He felt around and found them right where he’d left them—on top of his head, buried in his shaggy mop. Though he’d only been on the job a few months, he was already their favorite teacher because of homework just like this.
“All right, team captains, I need you here,” he said. “Drew, that means you, too.”
Drew pushed through the canvas tarp’s billowing flaps, all knees and elbows, wearing an impish smile carved into his cherubic face that made him look like he knew something you didn’t. 
He zipped up his flight suit over his lean frame and caught a glimpse of his reflection in the storefront window across the street. He jabbed at his ‘fro with his fingers, smiling at the vivid contrast created by the paleness of the fabric and the darkness of his skin.
Drew stepped forward before changing his mind, and then ducked back under the paint-splattered tarp, jumping back and forth like an exclamation point searching for the end of a sentence. “We gonna be ready?”
Neither Newton nor Grady looked up right away. Instead, they focused on getting the rear wheels bolted to the kart’s axle as fast as they could—but there was a problem. 
“How’d you get your shirt caught, anyway?” Newton lisped.
“Dude, does it matter?” Grady said. 
“This is why you don’t wear baggy clothes when working around machinery,” Newton said.
Grady flipped his sunglasses up. “They’re easier to skate in, bro.”
They shared the same slender frame but not much else. Grady’s baggy shorts and sleeveless tee were the standard issue skate-punk uniform, while Newton’s button down shirt and corduroys announced computer camp runaway to anyone not convinced by his thick glasses.
After working Grady loose, Newton checked the axle again, buzzing back and forth like a hummingbird. He ran his nervous fingers through his close-cropped blonde hair, which the barber had cut too short, resulting in the dreaded condition known as baby-bird head.
“We gonna be ready?” Drew repeated.
Newton cleaned his glasses with his shirttail, squinting until his bloodshot eyes looked like raisins stuck in a gingerbread man. “We’ll be ready,” he promised.
Drew’s black eyes danced with excitement. He gave them the thumbs-up before gliding away, leaving them to finish the last-minute adjustments. 
“No, turn that screw there,” Newton huffed.
Grady obeyed without debate, only to have Newton turn the screw again after he was done. 
He smiled and backed away, tucking long, errant strands of streaky blond hair behind his ears while Newton checked the rest of the screws.
Spider ducked beneath the tarp and bowed his head apologetically, like a scarecrow hanging from a post. He was taller than either Grady or Newton but seemed taller still because of the pile of shaggy black hair hugging his head like a tarantula—hence the nickname.
Normally, either Grady or Newton would have jumped on him for wearing a football jersey that fit so snug over his root-beer belly, but they were in a hurry. 
“You’re late!” Newton snapped. He grabbed the box from Spider’s grasp and pulled the flap back to reveal the treasure inside—an arsenal of fireworks: roman candles, spinners, fountains, jumping jacks, sparklers, and a few varieties they’d never even heard of. 
“What’s that word mean?” Grady asked, lifting his sunglasses for a better look.
“If you didn’t wear sunglasses all the time you’d know,” Newton said.
Spider brushed his spiky bangs away from his sleepy brown eyes to read the text beneath Grady’s finger. “D-Def-ect-i-vo…Defectivo—think that’s the name of the company that makes ’em.”
But Newton didn’t hear a word he said. Instead, he sifted through the artillery until he found what he wanted. “This it?”
“Yeah, the M-Eight-Hundred,” Spider said. “The world’s only nuclear-powered firecracker!”
Newton rolled his eyes and snapped the fist-sized charge into the bracket. “This should give us just the boost we need.”
A commotion outside cut their preparations short, and they crawled out from beneath the tarp to see what, or rather who, was causing the ruckus.
Harley pushed through the crowd of fifth-graders like a fullback headed for the goal line. Bib-overalls and bowl-cut black hair should have made him an easy target for wisecracks, but he was a head taller than the rest of the kids and built like a sumo wrestler, so he didn’t get much grief.
“Don’t look,” Newton gulped, but he made eye contact anyway. 
“Oh no,” Grady whispered.
Harley lumbered toward them and raised his hand in the air. 
“He’s coming,” Spider said.
Harley’s bulging blue eyes shrank to the size of periods and steam poured out of his flared nostrils—though it could have just been snot bubbles. 
Newton flinched, knocking his head into Spider’s and Spider’s into Grady’s, their skulls clinking together like they were making a toast. 
“Maybe we shouldn’t stand so close together next time,” Newton whimpered. “No use in making things any easier for him.”
Harley’s obnoxious laugh rang in their ears as they tore the tarp away and premiered the Groovejet to the crowd’s hushed approval. 
The sleek projectile fused elegant curves and angled facets into a stealthy profile that looked more like a UFO than a junkyard jalopy. 
Even Mr. Birdsong was impressed. “A-A-All right,” he stuttered. “This isn’t a beauty contest. It’s still a race, a race that relies on fundamental scientific principles like we learned about in class.” He’d kept his distance while the kids built the karts during the summer session, but now he worried about the other entries, which looked like crop-dusters by comparison. 
Drew lowered his goggles and pulled his leather flight helmet on tight over his ‘fro.
“Hey, Baron Von Richthofen,” Harley snorted. “What’s the backpack for?”
Drew’s brow furrowed in confusion. “Who’s Baron Von…”
“The Red Baron,” Harley snapped, cutting him off in midsentence.
“Oh. Well, it ain’t a backpack. It’s a parachute,” Drew answered with a straight face.
* * *
Harley lowered his goggles and shoehorned himself into his kart at the far end of the starting line. Grady waited until Harley was snug, then sidled up next to him and handed him a pad and pencil. 
“What’s this for?” Harley said.
“For you,” Drew shouted from across the line. “After this performance, you’re gonna want an autograph.”
Clementine cleared her throat, and all eyes shifted toward the redheaded girl standing at the starting line. Her cut-offs and tank top left her slender arms and legs exposed, and her skin was already changing from pink to red, which suited her mood. She stood glaring at them from behind scornful green eyes, the starter flag clutched to her chest, just wanting to get the race over with. “Ready?” she said.
Drew gripped the steering wheel with both hands, flexing his fingers again and again until his grip was just right. He lowered his head and focused on the point where the Groovejet’s nose met the horizon.
Across the line, the drivers tensed in anticipation.
Clementine cocked her arm, holding the flag up high behind her head. “On your marks…”
Drew’s eyes shifted from the horizon to the flag.
“…get set…”
He reached for the brake release.
“Go!” 
Newton joined Clementine at the starting line, Grady and Spider following close behind. They watched the racers inch forward until gravity took hold and slingshotted the karts down the steep hill.
“Let’s get to the bottom,” Newton said.
They headed for the shortcut, but the sound of booming backfire sent them scrambling for cover. 
“What was that?” Clementine asked. 
They popped their heads up from behind the parked car they’d used as cover, trying to pinpoint the source of the stuttering explosions.
“The fireworks!” Newton shrieked. “The whole box is goin’ off!”
White-hot sparks shooting from the box kept them from getting closer, but they didn’t have to. They already knew what happened. 
“They must be defective,” Clementine said, coughing and waving sulfurous black smoke away from her face.
 “Yeah, that makes more sense,” Spider said. “That makes a lot more sense.”
Newton turned to face him. “What do you mean?”
“‘Defectivo’ was written across the box,” Spider said. “Seemed like a weird name for a company. Must mean somethin’ in Spanish.”
Grady whipped off his sunglasses, his gray eyes growing wide. “Dude, don’t you read, like, Spanish or somethin’?”
Spider shook his head. “My family’s Brazilian. They talk Portuguese.”
Newton’s mouth went dry. “‘Defectivo’ is Spanish for ‘defective.’”
“But, dude, what’s that mean?” Grady said.
“The M-Eight-Hundred we strapped to the back of the Groovejet came from the same box and has as much firepower as the rest of the firecrackers combined.”
It took a second for Newton’s explanation to register, but when it did, they knew what it meant.
They ran down the hill chasing after the Groovejet, screaming for help as loud as they could.
* * *
Fourth Avenue was a long, straight drag to the finish and safe under the circumstances—though the circumstances were about to change. 
Harley separated from the pack and was off to an early lead, as he’d expected to be. But Drew kept him within reach, even as the rest of the drivers struggled to keep pace.
Harley jerked the wheel and slammed into the Groovejet. Metal scraped against metal, sparks arcing out from the point of contact. 
“Eat it!” Harley roared. He looked over at Drew, who was trying to answer, but the bumpety-bump of the kart’s wheels against the rough asphalt made it impossible to hear anything. 
Drew flashed him a cocky grin and counted backward from three, enunciating every word so Harley could see what he couldn’t hear. 
On zero, the M-800 ignited with a throaty roar. Black smoke and orange fire poured from the Groovejet like a dragon’s breath, scorching the pavement and blotting out the sun.
Harley spun-out, making three full revolutions before steering back into the skid and fishtailing to a stop. By the time he reoriented his kart, the Groovejet was out of sight, leaving him choking on the noxious fumes. 
* * *
Drew looked back over his shoulder but didn’t see Harley—or any of the other karts for that matter—which was as he expected. “That was easier than I thought.”
He tapped the brakes, but he wasn’t slowing down. He was accelerating. He looked back at the M-800 and could see hot exhaust still blasting from the nozzle.
“That don’t look right,” he muttered.
He stomped on the brakes as hard as he could, but friction tore the brake shoe’s rubber padding to shreds, spraying fragments across the road.
Zigzagging back and forth slowed the kart’s speed, but not enough. The road was narrow and clogged with parked cars that kept him from swinging out far enough to force a skid. 
Drew rocketed past the kids waiting at the finish line. He turned his head just long enough to get a blurry glimpse of their horrified faces before smashing through the construction zone barriers and veering off onto Cherry Street. 
Angry drivers honked their horns and shook their fists at him, but they were the least of his worries. Weaving in and out, back and forth, Drew tried to buy time so he could think of a way out of this mess. Traffic was light because of the detour, but he was heading for the retail district where it was always busy.
Drew spun the Groovejet’s wheel hard and swerved onto Sixth Avenue. He darted between the oncoming cars and buses streaking past him on the one-way street, ricocheting between them like a pinball.
He looked up from behind the grimy windshield and realized that he was running out of time—Sixth Avenue ran parallel to Fourth, and both came to a dead end right in front of the school.
Drew aimed the Groovejet’s nose for the mound of fill dirt piled near the school’s water tower and braced himself.
“Keep the wheel straight! Keep the wheel straight!” he repeated. But at the last second, he twitched, and the sudden spasm pulled the kart’s nose up just enough to turn the mound into a ramp. 
The sudden jerk of the chute unfurling pulled Drew away from the impact, sending him floating toward the vacant lot next door. He stumbled to a landing, skipping across the loose gravel until he regained his footing.
The rest of the kids arrived at the bottom of the hill out of breath, fighting through the caustic smoke. High above them, the smoldering Groovejet jutted out of the water tower like a harpoon stuck in a whale, water bleeding from the gaping wound and splattering against the pavement below. 
Spider turned to Grady who turned to Clementine who faced Newton who looked at Mr. Birdsong. They’d just launched a missile into their school’s water tower and scored a direct hit. This was trouble, big trouble, more trouble than they usually got in, and they got into a lot of trouble. 
Somewhere in the distance, a siren wailed. 
They ran for their lives.
* * *
Bixby Elementary was an estate before it was an asylum, and an asylum before it was a school, though the order was a matter of dispute among students and faculty. The crumbling brick cathedral seemed perpetually on the verge of imploding, so Miss Croy stepped carefully around the debris falling from the sagging ceiling.
She maneuvered herself into position behind her desk in the school’s administrative office, deftly balancing her coffee and donut without spilling a drop. She checked her makeup in the back of her spoon, pursing her lips and smoothing the crow’s feet around her soft brown eyes with her fingers. 
 “Mirror, mirror,” she said, before letting her hair come down in unruly black ribbons around her face. “Who’s the fairest of them…oh, never mind. It’s too early in the morning for this.” 
Her vanity satisfied by the warped reflection, she put her hair back up into a messy bun and put the spoon down. 
The phone rang, snapping her out of her reverie. She slid her chunky jewelry back into place with a flick of her wrist and picked up. “Bixby Elementary. What? Just a sec, I’ll see if he’s in.”
* * *
The phone on the desk buzzed, but he didn’t answer. Instead, Mr. Hoyt poured another cup of coffee into a giant-sized mug emblazoned with World’s Greatest Principal. He adjusted the papers on his desk until the edges were as straight as the white hairs in his bristling crew-cut, an obsessive ritual performed until absolutely correct. 
Miss Croy knocked on the door before entering, waiting until he finished. But the Old Man was never finished, and he didn’t even bother to look up from behind his horn-rimmed glasses. 
They warned her about Hoyt when she first took the job. The girl she replaced described him as a foul-mouthed, tyrannical dinosaur in an ill-fitting suit, blind in one eye, deaf in one ear, and hobbled by a wooden leg. 
But she was exaggerating. His leg wasn’t wooden, it was steel.
“Principal Hoyt,” she said. “You have calls on lines one, three, and four.”
He looked up at her with the same queasy half-smile that reminded her so much of a jack-o-lantern whenever he flashed it. 
“Lines one, three, and four,” she said.
Knowing that she’d stand there until he answered, Hoyt relented and picked up the receiver. 
“Lines one, three, and four,” she repeated, and closed the door behind her.
“Hoyt, here. Yeah…yeah, I heard it, but I thought it was thunder. What? Is this some kind of joke?”
* * *
“This is Molly Tuggle reporting for Eyewitness News. We’re here live at Bixby Elementary where there’s been some kind of explosion. Details are sketchy at this point, but as you can see, damage to the school’s iconic water tower was extensive. Fortunately, only a skeletal staff was on duty because of summer break—Wait, what?”
Molly brushed her not-so casual strands of platinum blonde hair out of her eyes and tapped her earpiece to clear the static. She whipped around to see what the commotion was behind her.
Her green eyes flashed with rage and her angular features twisted into an ugly scowl. The Channel Six reporter had wandered into her shot deliberately.
“Oh, it is on!” Molly spat, dropping her mic and balling her prim hands into petite fists as her rival did the same.
Chants of “Fight! Fight! Fight!” broke out among the competing news crews, who hadn’t seen a good scrap in weeks.
But downdrafts from high above stopped the brawl before it started, sending the reporters running for cover, hands clasped over their lacquered-hair helmets.
“When did Channel Eight News get a chopper?” Molly shouted, ducking behind the Eyewitness News van.

* * *
The Principal turned off the TV. 
Drew stood at attention in front of his desk, shifting his weight nervously from foot to foot. On his way in, he’d passed Mr. Birdsong, who was carrying his belongings out to his car in a cardboard box, but Drew didn’t have the nerve to look him in the eye.
The ceiling fan spun slowly above Mr. Hoyt’s massive steel desk, the warped blades painting the peeling green walls with crooked purple shadows. He opened the filing cabinet and browsed through the folders until he found the one he wanted, and then limped back to his desk, dragging his gammy leg behind him. 
The phone buzzed again. “Hoyt here. Yes. No. No. No comment.”
But the phone kept buzzing, so he yanked the cord from the wall jack. He let the thick folder drop onto his desk with a melodramatic thud and opened the file, his head ticking from side to side. Sifting through the pages was an academic exercise; this file he knew inside and out.
“We’ll just add your latest adventure to your record.”
“Record? What record?” Drew asked, regretting his words almost immediately.
Hoyt snorted, as if caught off guard, blowing his nose into a dingy yellow handkerchief. He lifted one of the pages from the file and waved it at Drew. “Remember this one? The tuning fork? I’m not sure how you figured out my hearing aid’s frequency, but I can assure you it was not pleasant. And I’m not so sure it wasn’t an assassination attempt.”
Drew fought back the smile he felt easing across his face. Of course, he knew exactly what the Old Man was talking about, though he didn’t let on. Instead, he furrowed his brow and shook his head in disbelief, hoping that his sympathetic gesture would be enough to end their conversation. 
It wasn’t.
Hoyt went on and on, recounting one episode after another. Sometimes he read from the file, other times he relied on memory. And all the while he was knocking back one cup of coffee after another until he was vibrating in his chair like a hornet’s nest.
Finally, Hoyt gestured to the faint white-chalk outline traced on the red area rug in front of him. “And the less said about the incident that led to that, the better.”
He’d forgotten about that one. Maybe he had gone a little too far. “But what else?” Drew asked.
The Old Man shook his head in disbelief and looked down wearily at the folder. “Hmmm. These papers seem to be out of order…their edges don’t line up. That’s an appropriate metaphor in this case, isn’t it? I’ll just fix that.” 
He shuffled the papers back and forth, trying to line up the edges. Keep the edges straight, and the kids will be straight, too was something he said a lot, though mostly to himself. It was his way of reminding himself to pay attention to the little things.
Drew headed for the door, hoping to preempt the Principal’s sentence by substituting his own. “Guess I’ll be headin’ off to detention, now.”
But Hoyt waved him back before he got to the door. “Detention? Yeah, you’ll be heading off to detention. You’ll be heading off to detention this Saturday and every Saturday for the rest of the school year. You and the rest of those Zero Avenue…brats!”
He really was mad. Zero Avenue was a nickname for Drew’s neighborhood and wasn’t meant as a compliment. They had a saying in that part of town: zero jobs, zero future, zero avenue, though nobody outside the neighborhood said it. 
Drew looked down at his sneakers, searching his mind for anything that could help him out of his jam. “Don’t suppose it matters…but we won the death race. Don’t that count for nothin’?” 
CHAPTER 2
“Saturday school,” Drew pouted. “This is the worst thing that ever happened to anyone, anywhere, ever.” 
He pedaled his bike along Arlington Boulevard, replaying the meeting with Old Man Hoyt over and over again in his head, thinking of all the things he’d wanted to say but hadn’t. Distracted, he turned the corner onto Michigan Avenue, emerging from the shady street into the full glory of the afternoon sun.
“Get…”
The gray tabby came out of nowhere, bounding across his path.
“…outta…”
Drew swerved left, but the cat jumped back into his way.
“…the…”
He jerked the bike to the right. The feline blocked him again.
“…way…”
The schizophrenic cat struck a pose and held it.
“…you…”
Drew’s brakes locked up, and the bike went into a skid, launching him over the handlebars and crashing into some garbage cans propped against the curb. 
“…dumb cat.”
An old woman stumbled across the street toward him, pulling her satchel behind her and commanding the cat to stay. Her clothes were worn and frayed, but they draped across her broad frame with a sense of dignified elegance despite her awkward gait. 
Drew waded through the fermenting garbage and picked the Stingray up off the pavement. He lowered the kickstand, giving the bike a quick once over. His jacket and jeans kept him from getting too beat-up, but the rim was bent. “I didn’t know you had a cat, Miss Susan.”
Lazy-Eye Susan greeted him with a mouthful of crooked teeth and a faint Appalachian accent, which was uncommon, though not unheard of this far north. 
She grabbed the cat with authority behind the neck, cradling it securely. “He’s a new addition to my menagerie, and I’m in yer debt for snarin’ ’im.” 
Drew reached out to stroke the feline’s fur, but the cat hissed. “What’s his name?”
“Might be Heathcliff or might be Garfield, but it hain’t,” she said. “It’s Dr. Toscani.” 
Dr. Toscani scratched and clawed spastically, desperately trying to free himself. Susan juggled the cat just long enough for him to right himself in midair and hit the pavement on all fours. 
The irritable cat hissed at them with seething contempt before dashing across the street, narrowly avoiding a screeching taxi that had to swerve to avoid it. 
“Funny name for a cat, ain’t it?” Drew said.
“Oh my, it is a funny name…fer a cat.”
Drew read the storefront sign the feline camped beneath. “Dr. J. Toscani, optometrist. That’s weird.” 
But Lazy-Eye Susan was weird—no, that wasn’t right. Not really weird, more like eccentric. Her irregular orbit brought her to the neighborhood every few days, where she plied her folk remedies to her legions of devoted disciples. Everybody knew her, but nobody messed with her.
Drew waited to hear more about Dr. Toscani, but the music drowned out her words before she could elaborate. 
“What?” Drew shouted, pointing to his ear. “Can’t hear ya.”
The Honda Civic had rolled to a stop right next to them, the stereo pumping so loud that the adjacent shop windows rippled to the beat.
“Hey!” Susan shouted, loud enough to get their attention.
The teenage driver, a crooked-hat wearing wannabe, cocked his head and glared back at her. 
“All the girls must be dyin’ to get with a guy who can afford to put a one-thousand-dollar system inside a five-hundred-dollar car,” Susan screeched, her googly eye spinning in its socket. “Must explain why you’re ridin’ around with a bunch of guys all packed in like sardines.”
The driver didn’t do anything for a second, then lowered the volume and looked away. He waited for the light to change and pulled respectfully into traffic.
“Anyway, like I was saying ’fore I was interrupted…”
Everybody knew Lazy-Eye Susan, but nobody messed with her because they were scared of her—everyone except Drew. “Miss Susan, you don’t really believe you turned that Toscani guy into a cat, do you?”
“Don’t matter no how what I believe. What he believes, that’s what’s important,” she said. Then she changed the subject. “By the way, where’s the backpack I give ya?”
“Oh, I had to use it during the race,” Drew said. “How’d ya know I’d need it?” 
“Didn’t know, just thought ya might. That’s all.”
“Yeah, but how’d ya know?”
“Thought ya might need it. Didn’t know fer sure either way.”
“Well, anyway, thanks again,” he said.
“But?” she said, anticipating his next question.
“But if you can see these things happenin’ before they happen, how come you don’t win the lottery or something?”
“I have,” she boasted. “Won it three times in a row ’fore they served me with a restrainin’ order. Hain’t allowed in most casinos neither.”
Miss Susan’s reputation as a kind of traveling fortune-teller was part of her act, but this time Drew decided to play along. “How ’bout reading my fortune then?” 
She pressed her fingers to her temples, the smile fading from her weathered face. Her mouth quivered and her body trembled, and she seemed to go into a trance. “I see…torn pants…sneakers…blood.”
She had him going for a second, but then he felt a sudden, sharp pain in his leg. He looked down and saw blood dripping from where he’d torn his pants, just above his knee.
“Come on, young’un,” she said. “I don’t live none too far from here. 
* * *
“Welcome to my gingerbread house,” Susan said with a wink. 
“This where you live?” Drew asked. The picturesque Victorian house stood on a tidy lot across the street from the city’s botanical park, guarded by a wrought iron fence crawling with leafy green ivy. 
“Yeah. What’d ya expect?”
“I dunno. Some kind of cardboard box or somethin’,” he confessed.
“Then I’m glad yer disappointed. By the way, ya might wanna maybe leave a trail of breadcrumbs behind ya…just in case.”
Drew followed her along the flagstone path beneath the ancient oaks shading the porch, stopping to read the name on the brass mailbox. “Wolfeschlegelsteinhausenbergerkraft?”
“My last name,” she said, “but that hain’t the way ya sez it.”
“How do you say it?” he said.
She opened the door and invited him in. “Kraft. Them first thirty letters or so is silent.” 
* * *
The late afternoon sun broke through the stained-glass windows in the atrium, painting the walls in pastel watercolors. Drew expected to see bundled newspapers and tin cans stacked to the ceiling, but again, the interior, like the exterior, took him by surprise. 
“I told ya I won the lottery three times in a row, didn’t I?” Susan said, grinning with pride. “Now, come on. I’ll getcha something fer your knee.”
She pushed opened the doors to the parlor. “Grab some sit-down and get comfortable. I’ll be back directly,” and off she went, puttering down the hall.
Drew limped across the creaky wood floor holding his knee, trying not to drip blood onto the Oriental rug. He passed the time by exploring the lavishly appointed room, paying special attention to a row of family portraits hanging on the wall. The faded photos traced Susan’s life from childhood through the present. Who would have guessed she was so beautiful once upon a time?
She was back a few minutes later, complaining under her breath about never being able to find what she needed, when she needed it…or something like that.
“I don’t getcha. Why do you collect cans and bottles and stuff?” Drew said. “You don’t need the money.”
“Been rich and been poor,” Miss Susan sighed. “Bein’ rich is easy, but it takes skills and smarts to get by with no money, so I likes to keep in practice, just in case.” 
“But you can see things before they happen, right?” he asked. 
She wiped the cut clean. “So can a stockbroker or a weatherman or a sideshow carnie if they any good. This cut hain’t none too bad. Don’t think you’ll be needin’ no stitches.”
“How ya mean,” Drew asked, “about the stockbroker and all that?”
She peeled the backing from the bandage and placed it carefully over the wound. “If ya know what happened already, and ya can see what’s happenin’ now, put that together and ya get an idea of what’s maybe gonna happen.” 
The more answers Susan gave, the more questions Drew wanted to ask. “How do ya do it? How do ya see? Ya use a crystal ball or somethin’ like that?”
She braced herself on his shoulder and rose on creaky knees. “You watch too much television. Anyhow, curiosity killed the cat. Ya ever hear that?” 
“No,” he said, pausing before answering. “But I heard that maybe it mighta turned an optometrist into one.” 
She busted out laughing, her wheezing laugh turning into a hacking cough. “Now, that’s a good one. You shoulda seen ’im when I showed up at his shop. Last time I saw an Italian fella jump that high, Donkey Kong was rollin’ barrels at ’im. Why you wanna know what’s gonna happen, anyhow?”
“Seems like something messed up is always happenin’ to me,” Drew said. “Might be a way to stack the odds in my favor.” 
“Most folks who come see me think that’s what they want. But they don’t,” she sniffed. “They wanna see what’s gonna happen ’cause what they really wanna fix is what’s already happened—all their little mistakes, regrets, and wrong turns that add up to their life up ’til now.”
Drew tried to follow her reasoning, but wasn’t sure he was really getting it. “Does it ever work?”
Susan shook her head no.
“How come?”
“The farther down the road you try to see, the blurrier things is.” 
“Why?”
“Because of yer shadows,” she said. 
“Whatcha mean by shadows?” Drew asked. “Only got one shadow, don’t I?”
“Today’s shadow tells where you at, yesterday’s shadow tells where ya been, and tomorrow’s shadow—that’s the one that’s hardest to see—tells ya where ya gonna be.”
“Tomorrow’s shadow? Sounds like some kind of soap opera,” Drew said. “Why’s it so hard to see?”
“Because tomorrow’s shadow depends on which direction the other two shadows is pointin’,” she said. “And that’s why it’s liable to change.” 
“And some people can see all three shadows?” 
“They can,” Susan said.
“How?”
She bent down and parted her coarse gray hair to reveal a prominent scar that ran from one end of her scalp to the other. “Once upon a time I cracked my skull wide open at just the right angle.” 
The scar was kind of gross—but kinda cool. “Was it a car wreck?” he asked.
“Naw,” she said. “Did it on purpose—to open my third eye, to let me see.”
“To see all three shadows?”
“Yep,” she said, toddling over to the card table in the corner. “My vision comes and goes nowadays, but I suppose we all gettin’ older. And like some folks needs glasses to read, on occasion I need help to see.” 
Susan waved him over and he limped across the rug, sitting down at the table opposite her.
“The tarot,” she announced. Her stubby fingers shuffled the ornamented cards with surprising dexterity, despite her arthritic joints popping and cracking rhythmically. 
She finished and fanned the cards out in front of him. 
He considered his choices for a moment and then tapped one with his finger. 
Susan turned the card over. “Ooh, that’s a good one…the stranger.” 
* * *
Summer ended a few weeks later, and summer school with it, bringing September to a close and ushering in the regular school year. 
Principal Hoyt tapped the podium microphone, sending feedback screeching through the speakers and echoing through the auditorium. “Boys and girls, I’m sure you’ve noticed a few changes to Bixby Elementary since you went on summer vacation. First, repairs to the water tower are ongoing, and we expect work to be completed in a few weeks…”
Drew watched the announcement from the back row with the others, a relieved smile brightening his face. Bixby’s water tower was unique in the district and gave the school an iconic status that the other schools didn’t have. Besides, he didn’t really want to be known as the kid who brought down the water tower after all these years. 
“We’re also welcoming a new member to the staff this school year,” Hoyt continued. “Please join me in giving a big Bixby Elementary welcome to Vice-Principal Frost.” 
Frost entered to polite applause, strutting across the stage with the lumbering gait of a T-Rex. The next in line to the throne was much younger than Hoyt, built like a linebacker and a full head taller. Standing side by side and wearing almost identical suits, they looked like a ventriloquist act on a break between sets. 
“Those his lips, or did somebody staple an inner tube to his face?” Clementine sniped. 
“He looks like the Mr. Clean award winner for lifetime achievement in baldness,” Grady said.
“Look at the size of that head,” Newton smirked. “Bet they wrote ‘Continued on next page’ under his yearbook picture.”
“Yeah. Yeah, bet he was top of his class: valedictorian of Neanderthal A&M,” Spider snorted.
But Drew didn’t pile on with the others. Instead, Lazy-Eye Susan’s parting words a few days before nagged at the back of his mind: the stranger…
***
The Principal’s tour of the school grounds ended in the administrative office, where buckets placed strategically across the floor caught the water leaking through the cracks in the ceiling. The steady and rhythmic drip…drip…drip seemed like an appropriate soundtrack for their conversation.
 “…And after that they foreclosed on the asylum, and the district bought the building,” Hoyt said.
“Right. I remember hearing that story growing up,” Frost said with a voice like a tuba. “Guess you’ve seen just about all there is to see during your run.” 
“I suppose I have. But I’m looking forward to June and retirement,” Hoyt said, rubbing his leg to restart the circulation. 
“Army?”
“Marines,” Hoyt answered.
“Navy,” Frost said, tapping his chest. 
The conversation ground to a halt, and they stood in awkward silence for a moment before the Principal reached into his binder. “Do you mind signing this?” Hoyt said sheepishly. “It’s for my nephew.”
“Not at all,” Frost said, autographing the photo. 
“I don’t mind telling you that we’re all excited to have someone of your stature on board,” Hoyt said. 
“Principal Hoyt, please, I’m just a regular guy. I put on my space suit one leg at a time, just like everybody else.”
“I’d love to hear more about your time at NASA, but I’ve got a meeting downtown,” Hoyt said, shaking Frost’s hand on his way out. “Maybe we can grab lunch later?” 
Miss Croy leaned against the wall, arms folded, sizing him up. Her bored smile barely concealed her contempt for the impossible situation she’d been thrust into. She had a routine she’d developed over the years, and she wasn’t looking forward to breaking in a new vice- principal. 
“Uh-huh. Is there anything else you need before I go to lunch, Mr. Frost?”
Her emphasis on the word “mister” made it sound like an insult rather than a salutation, but he ignored it for the moment. Instead, he opened his office door and invited her in. 
“I’ve still got some moving in to do, but I’d like to get a look at the student files as soon as possible. And there’s something else.”
“Yes, Mr. Frost,” she said.
She wasn’t sure if he was finished or not so she waited, but he just stared at her with unblinking black doll eyes until she started to feel uncomfortable. Standing this close to him, she realized something else peculiar for the first time; he didn’t have any facial hair. No beard, no razor stubble, no eyebrows, not even eyelashes. She’d assumed that he was fair haired, but she’d been wrong.
“I’m also expecting a response in the next few days to some grants that I applied for, so be a dear and make sure you get them to me as soon as they come in,” he added.
“Yes, Mr. Frost,” she repeated. “Is there anything else?”
She waited for him to answer, but he was already unpacking the cardboard boxes delivered in advance of his arrival, so she showed herself out. 
Frost reached into one of the boxes and pulled out a mug, placing it on his desk so it faced the door. But unlike Principal Hoyt’s mug, his didn’t have anything written on it at all. 
* * *
Newton chained his Huffy to the rack and went around to the front of the broken-down Windmill. The storybook castles and fairy-tale monsters populating the condemned mini-golf course must have seemed like a mirage to those driving by, an oasis rising up among the bleak desert of blacked-out buildings and abandoned warehouses in that part of the city. 
“Close the door,” Grady hissed, shielding his eyes from the sudden intrusion of sunlight. 
The others were already there, relaxing in the raggedy furniture they’d salvaged from the course clubhouse, though they were anything but relaxed. In the last two weeks, they’d blown up the school’s water tower, gotten their favorite teacher fired, and been sentenced to a year’s worth of Saturday school. They were exhausted. 
Drew lay on his back, tossing a ragged tennis ball into the air, trying to see how close to the ceiling beams he could get without touching them. “What’s a big-shot astronaut like Frost comin’ to our school for anyway?” 
Clementine sat opposite Spider, the Xbox between them. She mashed the buttons as fast as she could, her body’s contortions mirroring her fighter’s combination. “Yeah. If he’s such a big-deal astronaut, how come he didn’t go to a better school than Bixby?”

Spider countered her combo with one of his own, his tongue dangling from his mouth like a panting dog. “Yeah. Yeah, maybe he crashed his spaceship and got fired. Like my dad did his truck.”
Grady popped the top on another soda and swooped in behind Newton, hovering over his shoulder while his tablet powered up. “Google ‘Dick Frost.’”
Newton’s face broke into a sardonic smile. “Yeah, thanks.”
The search results came up a second later. Clementine wandered over and ran her finger across the screen while mouthing the words.
“You read Braille, Clem?” Newton asked.
She cocked her head to one side, confused by his question.
“Then please don’t touch the screen,” Newton said, wiping away the smudge marks.
“Out loud,” Grady said. “I can’t see ’cause of Newton’s giant cabbage head.”
Drew read the text to them while Newton defended the size of his head. “Veteran astronaut Dick Frost announced his retirement from the space program today after more than two decades of service.” 
Newton scrolled down, and Frost’s official NASA photo came up. It was him, all right, wearing a pristine white space suit and smiling in front of an American flag.
“He don’t look old enough to be retired. It say anything else ’bout him?” Clementine asked.
Drew kept reading. “Let’s see…Dr. Frost, a biologist by training, was a leading proponent of quantum evolution before the theory fell out of favor in mainstream academia.” 
“Dude, what’s that mean?” Grady asked.
Newton typed “quantum evolution” into the search bar. “Here it is-- the creation of new classes of organisms based on existing DNA.” 
“Yeah. Yeah, but what’s a DNA?” Spider asked.
Newton rolled his eyes. “Here. DNA contains the genetic instructions used in the development and functioning of all known living organisms. Hmm.”
Drew could tell by the way Newton folded his arms against his body that he wasn’t buying it. He saw conspiracy in everything and was just smart enough not to be convinced otherwise by the facts. 
 “Wonder what he really did up there?” Newton said.
 “I know how we can find out,” Drew said.
 “How?” Newton asked.
 “Ask him.”
* * *
The janitors had cleaned out most of the curios and oddities Mr. Birdsong collected over the years, leaving the science classroom cold and empty, which was exactly what Mr. Frost wanted for Saturday school. Detention wasn’t a reward. It was a punishment, and he’d decided that the environment should reflect that reality. 
The Vice-Principal finished explaining the rules and regulations and looked up from his binder. He adjusted his cuffs and straightened his tie. “Any questions?” 
Their hands shot up, and the questions came rapid-fire.
“What’s it like in space?” one kid asked.
“Cold,” he said.
“Did ya ever walk on the moon?” another asked.
“No, sorry,” he said.
“What’s the earth look like from that high up?” another student asked.
“Lonely,” he said.
“What’s that crawling across the floor?” Clementine squealed.
The rodent scurried across the classroom’s slick linoleum, but Frost slammed the door shut, blocking its escape.
Grady jumped on top of his desk. “It’s a rat!”
“Don’t be afraid,” Frost said. “It’s not a rat, it’s a mouse. It won’t hurt you.” 
The mouse made a sharp turn and doubled back, slipping and sliding along the baseboard while searching for a crack to squeeze through.
Frost casually reached into his coat pocket and pulled out something like a TV remote. He hit a button, and the mouse spasmed like it’d just bitten into a live wire. 
The Vice-Principal bent down and scooped up the suddenly docile rodent.
The kids crowded around the intruder, who, in addition to being enormous, was wearing a red-leather harness that fit like it was custom-tailored.
“What’s his name?” Grady asked.
“Romeo,” Frost answered. “His name is Romeo.” 
“How’d he get the stripes?” Drew asked. 
The gray bands, resembling a tiger’s markings, ran a shade darker than the mouse’s white coat. 
“Oh, those. Just side effects. He’s part of an experiment I’m working on,” Frost said. 
The kids followed Frost to the back of the room, invigorated by the sudden dose of adrenaline Romeo’s unexpected appearance brought. Frost opened the storage closet, unleashing a faint whiff of ammonia into the air. He turned to shut the door behind him, but by then the kids were already inside with him.
“Whatcha doin’ with all these mice?” Grady asked.
Dozens of mesh-wire cages sat stacked on top of each other like a rodent penitentiary, filling the already cluttered closet to capacity. 
“Like I said, they’re part of an experiment I’m working on,” Frost said.
“How come Romeo looks different than the others?” Drew asked.
“Romeo doesn’t just look different. He is different,” Frost boasted.
“Whatcha mean?” Spider asked.
Frost reached into one of the cages and grabbed another mouse with his free hand. “This is Juliet.” 
She was rounder and softer than Romeo and lacked the distinctive striped pattern, but wore the same kind of harness. Her left ear seemed to have a piece missing, as if it’d been gnawed off, but she seemed otherwise to be a normal mouse.
“You, there—four-eyes. What’s your name?” Frost asked.
“Me?” Newton squeaked. “Newton…my name is Newton.”
“Nougat. Pull the cover off of that other cage in the corner,” Frost ordered. 
Sliding steel panels divided the other cage into identical halves; each half further divided into a maze with ramps and slides, almost like a video game level.
“What are these?” Grady asked.
The mechanisms in question were bolted into place throughout the maze, their exposed gears and sprockets fitting together like the guts of a clock.
“See for yourself,” Frost said.
“Hey!” Grady yelped. He jerked his finger out of the way just as the steel blade snapped down.
Frost laughed. “The Gauntlet is designed to measure their abilities. The traps like the one you triggered are the consequences of failure, negative reinforcement.” 
The Vice-Principal put the mice into the Gauntlet, Romeo on one side and Juliet on the other. He wound the traps near the exits, cranking the gears until they locked into position. Then he baited them with some pellets he took from his pocket. 
Frost took a stopwatch out of his coat. “Evolution happens slowly, over millions of years, but sometimes the unexpected happens. Evolution gets pushed forward, skipping a generation ahead. Like what happened to Romeo.”
“Or,” Clementine whispered, “like your eyebrows.”
Spider’s eyebrows arched in response, like they knew someone was talking about them. “Whatcha mean?” 
“One day those caterpillars napping on your forehead will evolve into beautiful butterflies and just flutter away.” 
“Alright, quiet down,” Frost commanded. He tapped the glass, and the mice scurried forward on command. “Those best suited to survive will thrive and multiply. Those that aren’t will become extinct, like the dinosaurs.” 
Drew watched the action unfold with the others, but when he looked up, he noticed that while he was watching the mouse, Frost was watching him.
Frost stopped the timer as soon as Romeo found the treat, which didn’t take long. “His best time yet. Romeo is strong, but he’s also smart and getting smarter. And as you saw before, he keeps figuring out how to escape.”
Juliet was slower than Romeo, lumbering through the maze and making one wrong turn after another. The kids rooted the clumsy underdog on, though their cheering just seemed to make her more nervous.
Juliet finally turned the corner and entered the stretch-run. She waddled back and forth in front of the trap, pink nose twitching in anticipation—and then she stopped. 
She reached for the treat…
The kids gasped…
The trap fired.
Drew waited until Juliet retreated to a safe distance and then yanked his pencil from between the mechanism’s gears. 
The blade slammed down like a guillotine, and the little mouse enjoyed the rare treat, oblivious to the close call she’d just survived.
The look of disappointment on Frost’s face was hard to ignore. “Of course, there’s always the possibility of divine intervention to move things along, too.” 
* * *
Lazy-Eye Susan backed into the greenhouse through the wrought-iron door, careful not to spill the drinks on her silver tray. She smiled and headed toward the fire burning brightly in the center of the frosted-glass enclosure, passing through the kaleidoscope of red, pink, and gold flowers arranged in neat little rows on either side. 
Lucy stirred the blackened brass cauldron with a wooden oar, the glowing embers beneath hissing in chorus. Though only a bit younger, the years had been kinder to Lucy than to Susan. She was a bit smoother around the edges in appearance and manner, and dressed like she was on her way to church, regardless of whether it was Sunday or not.
Penelope hovered nearby, adding items one at a time as Lucy called for them. Penelope was taller than Lucy, though not as tall as Susan, and stouter than the latter though more petite than the former. She was the middle ground between them in appearance and temperament, in dress and demeanor, the middle sister in every way. 
“I made lemonade,” Susan announced, setting the tinkling pitcher on the glass patio table. 
Lucy stuck her head into the pot and took a healthy whiff, her nose crinkling at the pungent aroma. “Bubble, bubble, toil and trouble.”
“Whatcha see?” Susan asked with uncharacteristic intensity.
“Potatoes, carrots, celery,” Lucy said.
Susan giggled. “Good. Soup’s done.”
* * *
After eating, they retired to the library, where dusty tomes collected over the years welcomed the sisters to the sanctum they’d been absent from for so long. They slipped into the brocade gowns they reserved for such solemn occasions as these, the worn stitching and faded colors a reminder of just how long it had been since they’d come together for something like this. 
“Don’tcha ever dust?” Lucy asked after a long, violent cough. “A broom hain’t just fer flyin’ around on, ya know.” 
But Susan’s mind was preoccupied with weightier matters. Curious signs and omens had plagued her since Drew’s reading—frogs falling from the sky, river water turning to blood, shadows falling across the face of the moon. Something was on the verge of happening, but she didn’t know what, though she knew how to find out.
She uncorked a slender glass vial and poured some of the pale yellow powder into her open palm. “How’d it go? Oh, yeah. Now I ’member.” 
She bent over and carefully traced a pattern onto the creaky hardwood floor, leaving a trail of the yellow powder behind her. After she was finished, she stepped back to check her work, the blood rushing to her head when she stood up.
“Hmmm. Somehow that don’t seem quite right,” she muttered. 
The smiley face was lopsided, but it would have to do.
“Turn off the lights,” Susan said. “Time to make some sense outta these signs we been seein’.”
They lit the candles and sat inside the smiley face, their hands joined. Susan led them in the incantation, Lucy and Penelope repeating the sacramental words in chorus. Their voices grew louder and stronger with each verse, until rising to a tumultuous crescendo.
The light appeared not long after, separating itself from the velvety blackness, dancing above their heads like a firefly. The chant continued until the light bloomed outward and enveloped them in the warmth of its incandescent blue radiation.
They felt themselves pulling away from the library, ghostly images forming in their periphery, ethereal and lacking clarity. As they traveled farther and farther back, they realized they were in a tunnel that reached to the infinite horizon ahead and as far behind them as they could see. 
Blurry images rushing by them came into focus and the shadows of days past, and days yet to be, flickered by like the frames of a silent movie. 
Gaining momentum, they moved faster and faster until the light faded and everything went black…
* * *
The desolation stretched from where they stood, far into the brown horizon where the bleak landscape dissolved into the somber gray sky. All around them, the charred carcasses of the city’s burned-out buildings stood like tombstones, mourned by the howling wind whistling through the hollow streets.
“Where are we?” Lucy asked.
“Don’t know,” Penelope said. “But somethin’ seems familiar ’bout all this.”
The eerie sense of déjà vu was palpable, the memory of a memory yet to be made. After the initial shock wore off and they regained their senses, they realized why everything seemed familiar. 
“We traveled…but not through space,” Susan whispered. 
She approached the rubble with a heavy heart. Her house, like everything else for miles, was a cadaverous husk, laid waste by whatever anonymous apocalypse had claimed the rest of the city.
“Lookey here,” Penelope said. 
Susan knew what the smiley face sprayed across the singed block wall meant; the patch of graffiti pointed at them like an accusing finger from across the ages. 
“Graffiti spells all over the place,” Penelope said, picking out the tags among the ruins. The smiley faces seemed like proof of their involvement in doomsday. But what role did they play?
“Maybe it weren’t us,” Susan said. “Maybe was some of the others. Maybe they was tryin’ to prevent this calamity, not cause it.”
“We gotta find out what happened here,” Lucy said. 
“But who do we ask?” Susan said.
A sad little raggedy doll appeared in their periphery, moving between the piles of broken masonry choking the road. She was pale and gray, the color faded from her like a photograph bleached by the sun, one ghost watching them among the millions.
Susan knelt down and brushed the matted hair out of the girl’s eyes, but stumbled backward in shock. “Whoa!” 
“Like the Roman god Janus,” Penelope muttered. 
The birthmark divided the girl’s face into symmetrical halves and was unlike anything they’d seen before.
“Janet?” Lucy said.
“Not Janet. Janus,” Penelope said. “The Roman god of transitions. Don’tcha read the newsletters they send out?”
“Naw, I didn’t know we had a newsletter. I do check the website from time to time,” Lucy said in her own defense.
Now it was Penelope’s turn to be surprised. “When did we get a website?”
“Janus was two-faced—or two-headed, dependin’ on which version of the myth ya believe,” Susan said. “He…she…it, could see into the past and into the future at the same time.” 
Susan turned to face the girl and smiled, ashamed of how she’d first reacted. “What happened?”
A blood-curdling yowl echoed through the ruins in answer to her question. 
“W-w-what was that?” Lucy stammered. 
The little girl raised her finger to her lips to shush them and pointed to the smoldering rise at the far end of the street. “Cryptos,” she whispered.
The sisters trained their eyes on the rise, and the silhouettes appeared—inhuman profiles, their features masked by the twilight.
“What are those things?” Susan muttered. She reached for the little girl’s hand, but when she turned around, the girl was gone. 
The Cryptos swarmed across the bombed-out street, crawling, lumbering, and slithering toward them according to their respective anatomies--all tusks and horns, barbed tails and spiny plates.  No two were alike, but they shared a common vocabulary of guttural grunts and groans, growing louder and more terrifying the closer they got.
 The sisters fell back, but the Cryptos advanced faster than they could retreat. “We need help!” Lucy cried out.
A flash of blinding white light split the gloomy sky in two—in answer to her prayer, or maybe in spite of it. Thundering shockwaves rippled through the earth an instant later, racing toward them at the speed of sound. 
The sisters clasped hands, repeating the jumbled incantation that brought them there in the first place. The last thing Susan remembered before everything went black was a mushroom cloud blooming like a hellish flower on the horizon and the unbearable heat that followed… 
* * *
When the sisters opened their eyes again, they were back in the library. 
“Everybody make it back in one piece?” Susan asked.
Lucy fell backward in a dead faint. She’d always been the most sensitive of the three and, accordingly, the most susceptible to the kind of experience they’d just endured. 
Penelope propped her up against the ottoman and loosened her clothes to make her as comfortable as possible. She poured a glass of lemonade and forced it into Lucy’s trembling hands. 
“Ya shoulda loosened yer girdle ’fore we started,” Penelope said in her told-you-so tone.
Lucy struggled to raise the glass to her thin lips and took a sip, clutching at her heart. “What were those things?”
“Cryptos,” Penelope said, “Means hidden or unknown in Greek.”
Susan grabbed a crystal decanter from the top of the roll-over desk and poured herself a shot. “We done been to where all tomorrow’s shadows end. We gotta do somethin’.” 
“Hold yer horses,” Penelope said. “This ain’t like before. We’re too old to go tiltin’ at windmills like we used to. I had hip replacement surgery last year, and ya saw what just happened to poor Lucy.”
She turned the lights back on. “Besides, what happens? All we know is that sometime, someday, something happens, but we don’t know what or when.”
Looking at Lucy and Penelope was like looking into a mirror, and Susan saw herself grown fat and lazy from years of easy living. 
“I know that look on yer face,” Penelope sighed, “and I can tell ya already made up yer mind.”
Susan poured herself another shot, downing it just as quickly as the first. 
“So whatcha gonna do?” Lucy asked.
“Cryptos,” Susan said. “That’s what the little girl said. That’s where I’ll start.”
CHAPTER 3
The next Saturday, Mr. Frost came out of the storage closet dragging an AV cart behind him, stacked to the brink of overflowing with cardboard boxes. He opened one of the boxes, and a dozen or so Lego kits tumbled out onto his desk, some spilling onto the floor.
“Have you ever heard someone say, if you build a better mousetrap, the world will beat a path to your door?” he asked, looking out across the room. “Yes? No? Maybe? Well, that’s what I want you to do.”
The kids leaned forward in their chairs, and he knew he had their attention. 
“Our little friend Romeo has proved my maze is no problem for him. So instead of you just sitting there during detention—sniffing glue, huffing paint, or whatever you normally do—I want you to turn these block kits into a maze that will really challenge him.”
“This could be cool,” Newton whispered to Drew. 
But Drew just shrugged his shoulders and kicked back at his desk. This was exactly the kind of thing Mr. Birdsong would have done, and therefore, the exact opposite of what Mr. Frost would do. So Drew decided that he’d react the opposite way that he would have if Mr. Birdsong had come up with the assignment—or something like that. 
Besides, this was detention. Why should he play along?
“You might be asking yourselves, what’s in it for me?” Frost said. “Well, I’ll tell you what’s in it for you. The team with the best design wins a get-out–of-jail card.” 
That really got their attention.
“That’s right,” he said. “The winning team doesn’t have to come to Saturday school again, regardless of the felony that brought you here in the first place.” 
Frost divided the students into teams according to where they sat, and each team grabbed a few of the kits from the front of the room before rushing back to their desks to begin. 
“Don’t be afraid to mix and match,” Frost said over the rising din. “Use your imaginations. Think outside the blocks.” 
Clementine looked at the cover art. “Lego Medieval Torture Dungeon Set. Wait a minute. These aren’t Legos, they’re Leegos, manufactured in the Republic of Leego.”
“Leego? Where’s that?” Spider asked.
“Don’t know.” She opened the package, and the plastic blocks tumbled out across the table. The name was different but the principle was the same; the knock-off plastic blocks snapped together just like the real thing.
They started grabbing for pieces in a free-for-all, but Newton stopped them before they got too involved. “Wait. Remember how we built the Groovejet?”
Spider thought about it for a moment. “We had a plan?” 
“Right,” Newton said.
“But following the plan got us in here in the first place, bro,” Grady reminded him.
“Yeah, but this time it’ll be different,” Newton promised.
That’s what he always said, and yet here they were. Because nobody wanted to argue the point and he was going to do it anyway, they let Newton sketch the basic layout. He incorporated suggestions as they shouted them out, and it didn’t take them long to get into a rhythm, the ideas pouring out almost as fast as he could write.
“Put a trapdoor there! With spikes underneath!”
“How about some broken glass here?”
“Water—no, not water—gasoline here, so we can light it on fire!”
“Razor blades here…here and here!”
After a while, they were so wrapped up in the assignment that they forgot everything else, all except Drew. Something about this didn’t feel quite right, even if he couldn’t explain exactly what that something was.
* * *
Dr. Camaro was young for a doctor, unshaven and unkempt and wearing rumpled clothes that didn’t quite fit. He looked like a kid playing dress-up with his daddy’s clothes on a rainy afternoon, and his appearance made it tough for Drew to take him seriously.
“Relax,” he said. “I’ll be with you in a moment.”
Yet sitting in the office, Drew was anything but at ease; the window behind Camaro’s desk overlooked the water tower, buzzing with activity during the reconstruction the last few days. Watching the workers put the pieces back together felt a little like returning to the scene of the crime. 
Drew had never been in the school psychiatrist’s office before because the school didn’t have one until this year. But now that they did, every student was getting the once over from the new shrink, including him. 
The doctor thumbed through Drew’s file, looking up at him every so often, his eyes widening in surprise. “I suppose you’re wondering why I called you into this little meeting.” 
Drew had seen that look before. He saw it on the old man’s face the very first time they met—the unique combination of confusion and dread as someone realized he was now their problem. 
 “You’re an interesting case, to say the least,” Dr. Camaro said, his eyes closing at the end of the sentence like they did at the end of every sentence. “You’ve been in and out of trouble, but nothing too serious. Mostly you seem to suffer from being interesting.”
Drew tried to smile, but he was nervous and his lips stuck to his teeth. “Don’t believe everything ya read, Doc.”
Dr. Camaro nodded in agreement and put the file aside. “Anyway, as I was about to say, you’re an interesting case.”
The way he kept saying “interesting” worried Drew. “Whatcha gonna do? Expel me?”
Camaro shook his head. “Promote you,” he said, giving Drew a moment to let the idea sink in. “Tell me, are you ever bored with school work?”
“Doc, ya read my mind.”
Dr. Camaro held up a thick folder for him to see. “I thought so. I have a secret I’m going to let you in on. Bixby Elementary has been awarded a grant to set up a special studies program for students that seem…interesting.”
The Doctor got out of his chair and sat on the edge of the desk, close enough for Drew to smell his coffee breath. “We’re looking for a few good kids to place in this program, and I think you might be a good candidate. So what do you say?” 
* * *
Drew had heard the usual playground rumors about the school bunker, but he’d never seen it firsthand. Like Atlantis, its exact location was a mystery that became the mythical destination of every kid who ever moved away or didn’t come back after summer vacation. 
Dr. Camaro showed him the door in the gym that led to the bunker. All this time it’d been hidden behind a moldy gymnastics mat hanging on the wall. 
They climbed down a flight of stairs, passing a radiation-warning symbol stenciled into the concrete-block wall, a reminder of the days when any building with a basement was considered a fallout shelter. 
Drew didn’t see any spider webs, which meant that the stairs were used frequently. And the bunker wasn’t damp and musty like he expected; rather, it had an antiseptic smell to it, more like a hospital. 
The lights flickered stubbornly for a while until they finally came on for good. Stacks of sundries and janitorial supplies filled the shelves, and littered among the staples were crates marked U.S. ARMY, which seemed curious. But if Dr. Camaro was concerned that anybody saw them, he didn’t let on. 
Drew wandered through the bunker while Dr. Camaro explained the details of the special studies program to him. But Drew wasn’t paying much attention; he was more interested in the door marked DO NOT ENTER at the far end of the bunker, which, of course, only made him want to find out what was behind the door that much more.
“Understand?” 
“What? Yeah…gotcha,” Drew assured him, though he hadn’t heard a word he’d said. 
He climbed the catwalk’s steps, inviting Drew to follow. “Come over here. There’s something else I wanna show you.” 
* * *
The chair’s arms and legs bristled with electrodes connected by a tangle of wires that ran to a fuse box bolted to the wall. An array of cameras placed a few feet apart formed a ring around the chair’s platform, like a ceremonial altar demanding a sacrifice.
“What is it?” Drew asked.
“What’s it look like, dummy?” Harley snorted. 
Dr. Camaro excused himself and unbuckled Harley from the chair’s restraints. 
“Oddly enough, we call it the chair,” Mr. Frost said, appearing at the far end of the catwalk. “Of course, this one is the first, a sort of prototype.”
Frost called Harley forward with a wave of his hand, and Harley obeyed, chasing after him like a puppy. 
“How’d I do?” Harley asked.
Frost walked him toward the exit with his arm around his shoulder. “You did great! In fact, you’re score is the highest so far. Nobody else was even close.” 
Drew watched them walk away, gobsmacked by the lavish praise heaped on Harley, who’d never been a particularly good student, nor particularly good at anything.
Dr. Camaro cleared his throat. “So, what do you think?” 
“Pretty cool,” Drew said, “but shouldn’t ya be strokin’ a white cat and tellin’ me how you’re plannin’ on killin’ James Bond or somethin’?”
The Doctor sighed indignantly. “Funny. I meant the chair.” 
“Dunno,” Drew answered. “What’s it s’posed to do?”
“The chair uses proprietary technology to stimulate the brain’s alpha wave production. Subjects in this enhanced state remember more of their lesson than by using traditional study methods.” 
“Is it safe?” Drew asked.
Camaro stood behind the sinister contraption, daring him to sit. “You’re not afraid—are you?”
Drew accepted the challenge, wiggling back and forth until comfortable. “If the governor calls at the last minute, take a message.” 
Camaro ignored the quip. Instead, he clamped the restraints down and powered up the chair. 
Electric current coursed through Drew’s body, strong enough to make his teeth chatter and his hair stand on end. 
“Relax,” Camaro said. He adjusted the chair’s visor, snapping it into place over Drew’s face, calibrating the eyepiece until it was aligned. 
Drew waited for more instructions, but none came. He wasn’t sure of what he was supposed to do, so he didn’t do anything. Sitting in the chair, waiting for something to happen, he wondered how smart it was to let himself get tied up in a basement nobody had seen him enter.
Before his paranoia could build any further, the lights dimmed. Abstract images and contrasting colors began to flicker across his field of vision, their luminosity and frequency increasing gradually. 
Suddenly, he felt very drowsy…
* * *
The drone of the chair powering down woke Drew from his stupor. Dr. Camaro unbuckled him, and he slumped to the floor, drained by the experience. 
“Musta fell asleep,” Drew mumbled. “How long was I out?”
Camaro ignored him and kept scribbling in his journal.
“How’d I do?” Drew asked.
The Doctor didn’t lift his head. “We’ll compare your results with the others and let you know if you’ve been selected.”
Drew steadied himself and staggered out of the strange room, still feeling lightheaded. In the hallway he’d come in through, a long line of students waited for their turn in the chair. 
* * *
Quiet was the default setting in the teacher’s lounge, and quiet was nice, but a new and different kind of quiet had taken hold in the weeks since school began. This quiet was not an absence of conversation, but a conspiracy of silence. The distinction wasn’t lost on Bixby’s veteran teachers who knew the difference. Something was lurking beneath the surface that nobody seemed willing to talk about, though some were less afraid than others.
Miss Burnside poured herself another cup of coffee and plopped down at the lunch table next to her favorite wispy bachelor. 
Mr. Sorbet lowered his glasses and raised his eyes, then took another bite of his stale sandwich, brushing the errant crumbs from his sweater vest. He chewed each bite thoroughly, giving his turkey waddle a good workout in the process. 
Miss Burnside tugged at her mumu where it rode up, adjusting it until she was comfortable, and then made sure to take a big slurp of coffee, something she knew irritated him like nails scraping across a chalkboard. 
“I wouldn’t eat anymore of that sandwich,” she said.
“Why not?” Sorbet asked, poised to take another bite.
“Because the ham in your ham and cheese is green,” she said, “and unless Doctor Seuss packed it for you, it’s probably spoiled.”
He took a closer look at the sandwich; she was right. He hated when she was right. 
Coach Hula snickered while waiting for the microwave’s ding. She was the youngest on staff and new to the school this year. Being the gym teacher meant wearing a tracksuit most days, and the others didn’t take her seriously as a result—though being vaguely pretty didn’t help either. But they also left her out of their petty skirmishes, which suited her just fine.
“So what do you guys think about this new thing the kids are doing?” Miss Burnside blurted out between slurps. “Weird, huh?”
* * *
Miss Burnside buried her chin in her chest and raised her shoulders up around her ears like an owl. She’d watched the kids take their turn at the podium from the auditorium’s front row for most of the morning without incident when something peculiar happened. 
She checked her clipboard. “Allison, sweetie, you’re next.” 
Allison took a tentative step toward the podium, so scared that her eyes looked like they were going to jump out of her head and find another skull to live in. 
Harley lingered at the podium, rubbing his back against the lectern like a grizzly bear scratching against a tree. His stocky frame had given way to lean muscle during the last few weeks, and his head hung low, pushed forward by the weight of massively hunched shoulders. Nobody knew quite what to do about the changes, so nobody did anything at all.
Allison twirled her long black braids nervously between her thumb and forefinger, inching forward before Harley decided she was too close. 
He swatted the air between them, and she ran from the stage screaming.
Miss Burnside stood up and wagged her plump finger at him, but he ignored her and kept right on scratching. “Stop that!” she demanded.
He growled back at her in a register deeper than she thought possible, his eyes bulging and veins popping. 
“Alright, that’s enough. Detention!” she ordered, but he ignored her. 
“Detention,” she repeated, her voice crackling with uncertainty.
Harley stopped scratching long enough to glare back at her. He bounced down from the podium and stomped toward her. 
She held her ground, and for a moment, she wasn’t sure what was going to happen next. 
At the last second, Harley backed down. He snatched the detention slip from her outstretched hand and skulked out of the auditorium.
* * *
“Has he ever done that before?” Mr. Sorbet asked.
Miss Burnside searched his face for the slightest hint of irony but found none. “Are you serious, Roger?” 
A few of the other teachers, who were pretending not to listen, drifted over. 
“Now that you mention it,” Mr. Sorbet said, “something happened during my music class yesterday, though I didn’t think much of it at the time.”
* * *
Mr. Sorbet scanned the lineup, looking for the usual offenders while the kids struggled through “Puff the Magic Dragon” as best they could. 
His head was pounding, and his patience was short. As he pushed his glasses down past the bridge of his nose and rubbed his eyes, he noticed the change for the very first time.
Ramone had never been in trouble before, not in his class anyway. Tall and gangly, and painfully aware of it, he almost never spoke during class. He was one of those anonymous kids who passed through the background scenery like an extra on a movie set, blending into the background—though never as literally as that day. 
Sorbet’s migraines often played havoc with his eyesight, but he’d never had hallucinations this bad. Ramone’s skin seemed to be changing color and consistency every few seconds, like a television trying to tune in a channel but never quite finding the signal.
Although he didn’t trust his eyes, he did trust his ears, and Ramone’s screeching falsetto was more than he could take today. He rapped his baton against the podium, and the singing stopped. 
Ramone waved his arms back and forth wildly, and the other kids gave him a wide berth. His swollen tongue dangled past his chin, and his skin turned the palest shade of blue—or at least appeared to. 
Either way, Sorbet’s patience had reached its limits. He tapped his baton on the conductor stand. “Detention!”
Ramone stared back at him for a moment as the tension in the room rose. The kids looked at Ramone, then at Sorbet, then back to Ramone, wondering who would blink first.
Sorbet repeated the order, lowering his voice a full octave. “Detention!”
Ramone gave in, and the showdown ended. He grabbed the slip from Sorbet’s hand and lumbered past his desk and out the door.
* * *
“That didn’t seem odd to you, Roger?” Miss Burnside asked.
“Not at first, but it does now,” Mr. Sorbet said. 
She threw up her arms in disbelief.
Coach Hula swallowed the last of her burrito, wiping her hands on her tracksuit before joining the conversation. “That’s nothing,” she boasted. “Remember what I told ya last week?”
* * *
Picture day was the one day of the year when the kids got to wear street shoes in the gymnasium. They waited in a serpentine line that snaked through the double doors and out into the hallway, and each time Coach Hula blew her whistle, everyone shuffled forward one spot. The line moved forward at a steady pace for an hour, scuffing up her gym floor in the process, before eventually grinding to a halt. 
Some kind of commotion up front triggered the traffic jam. Coach Hula sprinted to the front of the line expecting to have to break up a fight. Instead, she found the photographer lying unconscious on the gym floor.
“What happened to him?” she asked.
“He fainted,” one of the kids said, his finger jammed up his nose.  
She slapped the photographer’s face back and forth a few times, trying to rouse him. He was the same one the school had used last year and, though high-strung, seemed otherwise reliable. 
“What could have made him faint?” she said.
The kid with his finger in his nose pointed to Donovan at the front of the line.
Donovan was an Army brat who’d grown up overseas, leaving him a step out of sync with his new classmates. A year older than the other kids and plagued by acne, he kept to himself. His teachers politely described him as different, but he wasn’t just different anymore; he’d crossed over into peculiar. Jagged teeth poked out of the corners of his mouth, and his already prominent ears had swollen out of proportion to the rest of his head.  
Coach Hula wasn’t sure about the ears—that could have been allergies—but she held out her hand, expecting him to spit the joke teeth out into her open palm. Instead, he recoiled, clicking his teeth together and making an irritating chattering sound she’d never heard him make before.
“I don’t have time for this,” she said. She blew her whistle and pointed to the door. 
But Donovan wasn’t ready to go, and the clicking got louder and faster.
Not one to be outdone, Coach blew her whistle as loud as she could and drowned him out even as she ran out of breath. “Detention!” she gasped.
The clicking’s frequency slowed, then stopped altogether when Donovan finally gave in. He took the slip from her and shuffled out of the gym.
* * *
Miss Burnside nodded sympathetically as Coach Hula finished her story. A pattern was emerging, connecting the separate episodes, though none of them knew quite what the narrative was yet. 
“This Crypto-Punk business makes me…uncomfortable,” she said. “And it’s getting worse. More and more kids seem to be trying it out, dressing like mutants or monsters or whatever, and it’s not even Halloween. Shouldn’t we—I dunno know—tell somebody or call someone?”
The others muttered their agreement. Their jobs were hard enough without the added distractions that this new fad brought. But though they were a majority, they weren’t unanimous. The lone voice of dissent stepped forward, and all eyes turned to him.
“All this fuss over a few students who are a little different than what we’re used to?” Mr. Frost asked. “Didn’t we all go through the same thing when we were young?” 
An awkward silence fell over the room as the teachers considered the skeletons in their own closets.
He poured himself another cup of coffee, giving them time to think it over. “I mean, nobody here wants to go through another weekend of diversity training. Am I right?”
Frost’s words quelled the rebellion before things got out of hand. Retreating to their cliques, the matter wasn’t mentioned again. 
CHAPTER 4
There were only three chairs in the special studies classroom because there were only three students in the entire program. The chairs were identical to the prototype in the school’s bunker, and like the prototype, each was hardwired to a network of computers that recorded the data generated during each session. 
Harley had seen both Donovan and Ramone around school, but he didn’t really know them. Even though it was just the three of them in class, they didn’t have much time to hang out because they spent most of their time in the chairs watching movies, which sounded a lot better than it really was. 
The movies were long and boring, just a bunch of colors dancing around the screen with a lot of weird sounds. They were so boring that Harley found himself drifting off to sleep most of the time. But he didn’t get into any trouble because there weren’t any teachers around. Dr. Camaro, however, was always there, wandering around the room, scribbling in his journal, watching them watch the movies. Security cameras recorded everything inside the room, which meant Camaro could watch himself watch them watch the movie later if he wanted to. And that’s what he did—at least that was the running joke among the three of them.
The boys were tested three times a week, which worried Harley at first. He’d always had trouble in school and was really anxious after the first test. “How’d I do?” he asked. But he must have aced it because the Doctor just smiled and gave him the thumbs-up. 
Even recess was different. Each day after lunch, they’d run through the sewers beneath the school, which were way better than the school’s playground. Dr. Camaro added barriers, ladders, and ramps to the tunnels for them to jump, climb, and slide over. Harley liked it because running through the course was a lot like running through a video game level. He’d never been good at sports before, but now he could run—run really fast—and he never seemed to get tired, no matter how hard he ran. 
They’d just finished recess and were on their way back to class when the Vice-Principal waved them over. Standing next to him was a tall man with a bushy mustache that Harley had seen hanging around before. 
“Boys, I want you to meet Mr. Runyon,” Mr. Frost said. “He’s going to be working with you from now on.” 
The boys shook hands with Runyon whose tanned face and rough hands seemed unusual for a teacher and seemed more like someone who worked outside. He breathed through his mouth instead of his nose, which had been broken more than once, and he looked like a hawk when he turned in profile. 
Frost dismissed the others but took Harley aside. “Harley’s our best student,” Frost gushed. “He’s really responding to the program protocols. He’s getting stronger and smarter every day.”
Harley was getting stronger—there was no doubt about that—but something else was happening, too. Dr. Camaro must have noticed the same thing, because after Frost and Runyon left, he took Harley aside.
“How long have you been having the headaches?” 
“Just started,” Harley said. He was having trouble remembering things, too, but he didn’t tell the Doctor because he didn’t want to sound like a whiner. 
Dr. Camaro flashed a penlight in his eyes. “Any hallucinations?”
Sometimes when he looked in the mirror, he’d get double vision, like there was two of him, but the other him only appeared when he looked into the mirror.
“How often do you see the other?” Dr. Camaro asked.
“Not much,” Harley said, but that was a lie. 
“Any other problems?” 
“No,” Harley said, but that was a lie, too. 
Dr. Camaro listened to everything he said and wrote it all down in his journal.
Harley watched Camaro for a reaction, looking for some kind of clue as to how serious these symptoms were, but his face was blank.
“Anything wrong with me?” Harley finally asked.
Dr. Camaro waited a long time before saying anything. Instead, he finished his thought and closed his journal before answering. “It’s nothing. Don’t worry about it,” he said. So, Harley put it out of his mind and forgot about it.
* * *
“You finished yet?” Clementine asked, panic creeping into her voice. 
The Vice-Principal was still a few tables away, but he was getting closer, and they were running out of time. Mr. Frost had worked his way through most of the other projects and didn’t seem impressed by the mazes he’d seen—which only added to the pressure they were already working under.
“Almost,” Newton said. “Hand me that thing over there.”
“Thing? What thing, bro?” Grady said. “‘Thing’ could mean almost…”
“Never mind,” Newton said, pushing him aside to grab the part himself.
They made their final adjustments and finished just as Frost arrived. 
Newton cleared his throat and threw his arms wide to start the show, but Frost shushed him with a wave of his hand. 
They weren’t sure how to read his reaction at first. For a moment, they thought they’d blown it, but then Frost walked around the table and leaned in for a closer look, and they knew they had him. “Tell me more,” he demanded.
Building the maze had brought out a gleeful malice buried deep inside them, a cruel energy they didn’t know they even possessed. Tunnels and ramps twisted up, down, and around the sinister layout, leading the mice from one sadistic challenge to another. 
“We used the plastic kit blocks, action figure sets, even parts of a busted-up pinball machine we scrounged,” Newton said.
“What are these here?” Frost asked. “Tracks?”
“We got ’em from an old model railroad,” Clementine said. “The track runs from one end to the other—like the L-train that runs along side our block. We put an old cell phone in one of the cars so we can keep track of the mice. It even snaps a picture every few seconds.”
“We put the maze in the middle of the wash basin just in case Romeo gets past the traps,” Grady said. “The water’s a foot deep and rigged with floating hair-nets—no way he’s bustin’ outta this.” 
Spider pulled a switch, and a translucent umbrella unfolded, covering the maze. “The dome’s the last line of defense to keep ’em in. Keeps ’em dry in case it rains, too.” 
They’d gone all out, even including a tiny moon attached to a length of stiff wire that orbited the habitat when cranked by hand. Frost turned the spray-painted tennis ball so it faced him, the silver paint coming off on his fingertips.
“Sorry about that,” Newton said. “We put a face on the moon so he thinks he’s being watched all the time. Worked for me, anyway.”
“Hmm…What do you mean, Nougat?” Frost asked.
“Newton. My grandma used to tell me a bedtime story about the man in the moon when I was small…used to scare me, keep me from getting up at night for water. But she only talked German, so everything she said was kinda scary anyway.” 
“How’d you come up with all this?” Frost asked.
“Yeah. Yeah, we didn’t know what scared mice, so we just thought about what scared us and put it in,” Spider said. 
They tried reading Frost’s expression for some hidden meaning, but he just stood there, nodding his head. Finally, the corners of his mouth moved up, forming something like a smile. “You win the get-out-of-jail card.” 
* * *
Kids entered Bixby’s cafeteria at one end, separating into either of two lines, depending on what they wanted for lunch. When the building was a mansion near the turn of the twentieth century, the cafeteria was a ballroom, so there was a satisfying symmetry to the daily choreography.
Drew carried his tray along the rows of tables pushed end to end to where he usually sat. There weren’t any assigned seats, but everybody sat in the same place every day because that’s where they sat at the beginning of the year and nobody changed. It wasn’t planned, it wasn’t a rule, it just happened that way, naturally.
The others were already locked in a heated debate, which wasn’t unusual for them during lunch. Drew put his tray down and casually looked across the cafeteria to Harley’s table, now conspicuously empty. 
“So whatcha think, Nougat?” Spider asked.
Newton nodded his head. “Let’s do this.”
Spider reached into the brown paper sack and pulled out a pepper, holding it up for them to see. “This is the Ghostface pepper,” he said. “It’s the fifth hottest pepper in the world.” 
“Why only the fifth?” Newton asked.
“Because any hotter and your head would explode,” Spider said. “And you got a big head, so it would be a big mess.” 
The tiny bulb glistened under the light, a deep shade of crimson that faded to black near its stem.
“Where’d you get that, anyway?” Clementine asked.
“Evolution happens slowly,” Spider said, “over millions of years. But sometimes the unexpected happens. Evolution gets pushed forward, skipping a generation ahead. Like what happened to this pepper.”
His impression of Frost was so dead-on they had to laugh. “My grandma grows ’em in her garden,” he said. “She eats ’em like they’re popcorn, but they’re too hot for me.” 
He waved the pepper back and forth by the stem. “So?”
Newton reached for the pepper with a trembling hand. He held it by the stem, like Spider did, and brought it to his mouth, though taking an awfully long time to do it. 
The pepper bushed against his lips, and his reaction was instantaneous: His pupil’s dilated and his face went flush. Sweat poured down his forehead and dripped into his eyes 
“That’s not a pepper—that’s a hate crime!” Newton gasped. He grabbed his milk and slammed it in less than a second, but the burning wouldn’t go away. 
The others lost it, rolling on the floor with laughter as Newton leapt up from the table and ran for the water fountain in the hall.
After things settled down, they got back to their food.
“Yo, anybody seen Harley?” Drew asked.
“Not for a while,” Clementine said. “Why?”
Drew took a bite of pizza. “Just wonderin’.”
“Who cares?” Spider said. 
“I think he’s in that program—special studies. That’s why we don’t see ’im,” Clementine said. “They got their own classroom, Room One-Thirteen.”
“That’s weird,” Drew said. “Know what else is weird?”
“Redheads?” Spider smirked.
Clementine put down her sandwich and balled her hand into a tiny fist. “Are you full? Or do you have room for some smack-a-roni and cheese?” 
Drew shook his head. “No. That Harley’s in advanced anything. Remember that lemonade snow cone he ate last winter?” 
Spider’s brow furrowed. “So?”
“So, it was yellow, but it wasn’t lemonade,” Drew said. “Know what I’m sayin’?”
“Jealous?” Clementine teased. “Maybe Harley’s got somethin’ you ain’t…”
Grady arrived, tray in hand, slamming the brakes on their conversation. 
“What’s up, guys?” he said. 
“What happened to you?” Drew asked.
Swatches of Grady’s hair were hacked away at irregular lengths, showing his bare scalp in some places. Orange spray-tan markings ran up and down his pale arms, forming an asymmetrical pattern, like stripes on an anemic tiger. 
“Whatcha mean?” Grady asked.
“He means, ya look like a piece of grilled chicken,” Clementine said.
Grady’s affinity for skate-punk gear insured he didn’t always blend in with the crowd, but this was beyond anything they’d seen before.
“Oh, this. It’s called Crypto-Punk,” Grady said. “All the cool kids are into it.” 
* * *
Spider didn’t live too far from school, and cutting across access roads and winding through back alleys meant that most days he could be home by foot quicker than by taking the school bus—most days.
“Who’s that?” he asked.
The sun was setting, making it tough to see anything but silhouettes. There were three of them; big kids or small adults, rummaging through the garbage cans at the far end of the alley. 
“Those guys weren’t there just a minute ago,” Spider muttered. 
He didn’t want any trouble, so he turned the other direction. He rounded the corner in the L-shaped alley, but an eight-foot-high construction fence blocked his way.
“That wasn’t here last time I came this way,” he said.
The silhouettes crept into the alley, blocking the only way out. 
Spider took a nervous step back, letting his backpack slide down his arm. “Newton? Drew? That you?”
But the only reply was the sound of heavy feet shuffling against the asphalt.
Spider turned to run, but they were on him in an instant—snarling and clawing at him like rabid dogs.
“Not in the face!” Spider screamed, but a looping right caught him flush on the nose, and down he went. 
The alley started spinning, and all he could see was a blurry montage of fists and elbows coming at him. He was on the verge of blacking out when a commotion at the far end of the alley cut the beatdown short. 
“Hey! Get away from him!” 
Spider recognized Grady’s voice amid the cacophony as he rolled onto his back. The silhouettes scurried down the alley, disappearing around the corner, leaving him in a crumpled heap.
Grady dropped his bike and ran toward Spider. “Dude, you OK?”
Spider stood on wobbly legs, still clutching a swatch of fabric torn from his attacker’s clothes in a death grip. “Lucky you got here when you did. I was about to mess those guys up.”
“Who were those dudes?” Grady asked.
“Don’t know,” Spider grunted between breaths. “There were too many of ’em…came at me too fast…musta been like ten or twenty guys.”
Grady noticed the wet spot on Spider’s pants. “Dude, you need to change.”
“That’s rage sweat,” Spider protested. “I was about to get medieval on ’em.”
“Whatever, bro,” Grady said. He walked through the alley until he came to the dead end at the construction fence. Whoever they were, they’d just disappeared.
He took a tentative step forward and hit a column of hot air rising in the middle of the shaded alley where none should be. 
Grabbing hold of the manhole cover, he pulled as hard as he could, but it was heavier than he thought. “Spider, get over here.” 
Together they pulled the lid off, and a blast of hot air punched them square in the face, filling their nostrils with the smell of ammonia.
“Listen,” Grady whispered, straining his ears. “You hear that?”
“With those satellite dish ears, ya might be pickin’ up a radio signal.” 
“Shut up,” Grady said. “Listen.”
They could hear splashing echoing in the distance, like feet moving through a puddle on a rainy day. 
“Sounds like they went this way,” Grady said.
Spider grabbed Grady’s arm before he could climb down. “We should get back-up.” 
* * *
They followed the lights strung up along the sewer tunnel, sloshing through the stagnant, ankle-high water. They weren’t really sure who they were looking for, or what they would do once they caught up with them. 
 “Looks like someone was down here before us, workin’,” Drew said, waving his flashlight back and forth. The section of sewer was among the oldest in the city, but the crumbling brick facing looked like it’d been patched only recently. 
Spider agreed. There couldn’t be any other explanation for the lights. “Yeah. Yeah, must be city workers or somebody.”
A dull moaning echoed through the tunnel like a banshee’s wail, freezing them where they stood. The sewers ran beneath the city for miles and were the ideal hideout for zombie goldfish, mutant alligators, or romantically disfigured opera singers. 
“Dude, what was that?” Grady asked.
“D-d-don’t know,” Spider stuttered. 
“Better keep track of where we at,” Drew said. “Easy to get lost down here.”
“Real easy,” Spider agreed.
“Whatcha mean, real easy?” Grady said.
“Ya don’t know?” Spider asked. “Back in the day a buncha kids disappeared down here.”
Drew laughed. “Man, that’s just an urban myth, like Bloody Mary or Men in Black.”
“Happened for real,” Spider said. “Ya ever hear of Ritchie Torrance?” 
The name didn’t sound familiar. “He go to Bixby?” Grady asked.
“He did,” Spider said, “back in the day. He was on his way to school one morning and just disappeared. Cops searched the whole city for him, but the dogs tracked him to the sewers. The only thing they ever found was a piece of his shirt and a smiley face spray-painted on the ground next to it.”
Grady’s eyebrows arched. “Smiley face graffiti?”
“Smiley face graffiti equals Smiley Face Witches,” Drew said. “Another urban myth.” 
Their beams flashed across some unexpected graffiti, deeper in the tunnel than most taggers would dare to venture. 
“That don’t mean nothin’,” Drew insisted. “Lotsa taggers do that kinda stuff.”
Seeing a creepy smiley face grinning back at them at that exact moment seemed like a spooky coincidence, so they picked up their pace, eyes shifting back and forth, suddenly more aware than ever of their surroundings.
“Dude, what’s that stickin’ outta the water?” Grady asked.
Drew poked at the obstruction with his flashlight. “Looks like bones. Some kinda animal or somethin’.”
Spider held his flashlight beneath his chin, up-lighting his face like a jack-o’-lantern. “Or the bones of Ritchie Torrance.”
Grady looked back at him, trying to keep a straight face, but couldn’t help from busting out into nervous laughter.
They left the anonymous bones behind, pushing forward until the tunnel opened up into a four-way junction. Iron grates blocked the tunnels leading south and west, but a ladder led up out of the junction. Most curious of all, a steel hatch blocked the way up instead of the manhole cover they’d expected.
“Where ya think we are?” Spider asked. 
“Dunno,” Grady said with a shrug. “That hatch looks brand new. Maybe we’re under a bank.”
“One way to find out,” Drew said. 
He climbed up the ladder and gave the hatch’s wheel a turn.
* * *
They emerged from the darkness into a white room—whiter than white, white walls, white floor, white ceiling, and white diffuse lighting bouncing back and forth between every polished surface in an infinite loop from which there was no escape. 
“Where we at?” Spider asked. “Did we die? Is this heaven?”
“Chill out,” Drew said. “We’re in the school bunker.” 
“Ya sure?” Spider asked.
The blueprint had changed since their last visit, but Drew was sure. The sundries and janitorial supplies were gone, replaced by computer stations and electronic equipment stacked to the rafters. 
“Looks like some kinda super-villain lair,” Spider said.
Grady whipped out his phone and hit record. “Where they gettin’ the money for all this?” 
“Dunno. Bake sales maybe,” Drew said.
“W-w-w-we ain’t supposed to be here,” Spider stuttered. “Maybe w-w-w-we should go.” 
“Naw. Let’s look around for a while,” Drew said.
Monitoring devices printed out data at a steady pace, the sheets piling up in contiguous ribbons on the floor. Drew flipped through a few pages but couldn’t make anything of the numbers, so he put them aside.
They navigated through the rest of the bunker until coming to a security door that prevented them from exploring any further. Drew remembered the DO NOT ENTER warning stenciled above the door from his first visit. And though there was a keypad on the adjacent wall, the door itself was cracked open.
“Guess someone forgot to close it all the way,” Drew said.
“Whatcha think is in there?” Spider asked.
“Don’t know,” Grady said.
The door opened into another antiseptic white room, half the size of the bunker they’d just come from. A cellblock ran from one end of the room to the other, illuminated by twin banks of lights running along the length of the block.
Drew’s first thought was that the room looked like Frost’s mouse penitentiary, though cages that size suggested something bigger than mice.
Snorts and grunts coming from inside the cells gave them pause to go any further, but the need to know drove them forward, their hands and feet moving of their own accord.
Spider held the torn swatch up next to the first cage. “Didn’t Ramone used to wear a shirt like this?” 
“Yeah, dude,” Grady nodded. “I remember him wearing that shirt before. He wore it, like, all the time. But I don’t remember Ramone ever lookin’ like…like that.” 
“Ramone,” Drew whispered. “Ramone.”
Ramone’s skin fluctuated in response to hearing his name called, shifting from solid to translucent and back to solid again. 
Spider read the placard bolted to cage’s base. “Serial number three-one-oh-six-three-four-two-one. Code name: Mask.”
They tried to get closer to get a better look, but Ramone retreated back into the shadows with uncanny elasticity, organs pulsing beneath a layer of gelatinous fat that exposed his skeleton like an X-ray.
“What’s that thing he wearin’?” Spider asked. 
“Dunno,” Drew said. “Some kinda harness or collar or somethin’. Kinda looks like the thing that Romeo was wearin’.”
“Whatcha think happened to ’em?” Spider asked.
“Maybe he’s sick, maybe he’s contagious,” Drew said. “Maybe that’s why he’s down here. Might be why this place smells like a hospital.” 
Grady called them over to the other side of the room. “Hey, I think this one is Donovan.”
Spider read the placard. “Serial number three-one-oh-six-three-four-two-two. Code name: Howl.”
“Where’s that clicking sound comin’ from?” Drew asked.
“Think it’s him, dude,” Grady said. “Think it’s his teeth.”
The clicking got faster and faster until the frequency was so high that he sounded like a chainsaw running.
“How do ya know?” Spider asked.
“Call his name,” Grady said.
“Donovan?” Spider muttered weakly.
Donovan hung upside down inside the cage, the membranes between his elongated limbs flexing and relaxing with each breath. Long, loose strips of skin sloughed off his body, revealing glistening scales and a geometric pattern beneath that seemed more reptilian than human.
“Dude, since when did he wear dreads?” Grady asked.
“Those ain’t dreads,” Drew said. “They look more like…tentacles.”
“He’s got the same harness that Ramone—that that thing Mask has,” Spider said.
“Dude, we should get outta here,” Grady pleaded. “Whatever they got might be contagious.”
“Not yet,” Drew insisted. “There’s one more cell we ain’t checked yet.”
They dragged themselves to the last cage in the cell block, afraid to look, but more afraid not to. They’d accounted for two of the three special studies kids, and there was only one more left.
Drew read the placard. “Serial number three-one-oh-six-three-four-two-three. Code name: Tusk.” 
Harley stared back at them with burning red eyes set beneath a thick bony ridge, the remains of his clothing hanging from his hulking carcass in tattered shreds. 
“Dude, look how ripped he is. He’s huge!” Grady said.
“Harley?” Drew said.
Harley lowered his gaze and flashed a predatory grin, gleaming canines hanging over his lower jaw like a saber-toothed tiger. 
“Harley?” Drew said again.
Harley issued a low-frequency chuff and then slammed against the bars with rabid ferocity, slashing at Drew’s throat with razor-sharp talons. 
Drew jumped backward like a scalded cat, getting as far away from the cage as he could. 
He stood there for a moment, trying to wrap his mind around what he was seeing, but he couldn’t; the big picture was too big for him to handle. The kids in the special studies program were all here—barely recognizable caricatures of what they were before—but it was them. He was sure of that. 
“At first I thought this Crypto-Punk thing was just a fad,” Drew said numbly. “Just a bunch of dumb kids doin’ the latest dumb thing.”
“I’m standing right next to ya,” Grady sighed.
“But the changes are real,” Drew said. “And they’re gettin’ worse.”
Spider noticed steam rising from a cup on the adjacent workbench, something they’d missed when they first came in. “That cup’s still hot.”
“So?” Grady said.
“So, the cup’s still hot,” Spider repeated. “These cages are locked. That means someone let ’em out, maybe to feed, to go potty, whatever.”
“Which means someone else is here!” Grady said, cutting him off.
They heard the door at the opposite end of the bunker creak open.
“Let’s get outta here,” Drew said, and they scrambled back through the door and toward the ladder leading back to the sewer. 
CHAPTER 5
“Mmm, you like to live dangerously,” Miss Croy purred. “Not many men are brave enough to order spaghetti while wearing a white suit.” 
The hostess seated them in a booth in the corner, beneath a collection of autographed photos hanging from the restaurant’s bare brick wall. The last-minute dinner invitation surprised the Vice-Principal, but he accepted when his other plans fell through.
“Actually it’s more of a light gray,” he mugged, unfolding his napkin and laying it across his lap. “But I was an astronaut, remember? I wore a white suit for almost twenty years. Besides, sometimes you have to take chances.”
She pulled her dress strap back over her shoulder and caught him looking. She waited for him to turn away, but he didn’t, which meant she’d picked the right dress for the occasion. 
“Yes, you do,” Miss Croy said. “Yes, you do. But take too many chances and you get sloppy, you overlook things—like that ink pen in your coat pocket.”
He looked down at the stain spreading from his leaking pen like an ink blot test. “Damn it. That pen cost me…never mind how much it cost me. It’s not supposed to leak.”
“Like I said, you take too many chances, you overlook things,” she said, opening her purse.
She fanned a handful of photocopies across the table. “Turns out some weird things have been happening at schools all across the country during the last few years, kinda like what’s happening now at Bixby with all this Crypto-Punk business.”
Frost considered the newspaper clippings with a tense smile. “You’ve been busy. But what’s this got to do with me?”
“I can connect the dots,” she said. “I checked your resume and the dates and places line up. Whatever you’ve been doing here, you’ve been doing across the country, too.” 
“And what do you think I’ve been doing, exactly?”
“I don’t know what’s going on, and I’m not sure that I care,” she said. “But judging by your e-mails, there’s a lot of money being…”
“You’ve been reading my e-mails?” he snapped. “How’d you manage that?” 
“I have my ways,” she revealed with a mischievous smile. “Nothing that happens in that office happens without me knowing about it.”
“So what do you want?” Frost asked.
“I want in,” she cooed. “I want a piece of the action.”
Frost leafed through the clippings while trying to decide his next move. “What makes you think that I want a partner?”
“Because you’re smart,” she said. “Because how else are ya gonna handle Old Man Hoyt?”
She took a sip of wine, emboldened by the sudden look of surprise on his face. “The old geezer’s no fool, despite his reputation around the district. But I can take care of him for you.”
“How?” he asked. “Hypothetically speaking, of course.”
“Of course, hypothetically speaking. But let me worry about that,” Miss Croy said. “I’ve been pretty much running things since he started the retirement countdown. Even got his signature down pat.”
Frost took a sip himself. “How’d you manage that?”
She snorted and wiped her mouth. “He had a stroke a few years back. He started complaining about numbness in the left side of his body, which was perfect ’cause it matched the dumbness in the rest of his body.”
Frost made up his mind much faster than she’d expected. He raised his glass and smiled at her through gritted teeth. “To our new partnership.”
She flashed a wry smile and clinked glasses. “To us.”
The server backed up to the table with their orders, juggling a towering stack of steaming plates so precariously balanced that the shifting of a single crouton would result in disaster.
“Miss Croy!”
She looked up, shocked that she recognized him. “Mr. Birdsong?”
Miss Croy’s unexpected appearance caught Birdsong by surprise, throwing off his equilibrium. He tangoed around the table, trying to balance the unbalanced stack on his tray, contorting his body until the tower finally stabilized.
“Got it!” he exclaimed. 
But the vengeful gods of kitchen disasters punished his arrogance for building his tower so high in the first place. The top plate shifted, and the stack tipped forward ever so slightly, but it was enough. The dishes cascaded across the floor, shattering on impact and soaking the carpet in the soup of the day.
* * *
The next day, Drew found Old Man Hoyt in his office bent over his desk, one eye pressed against a giant magnifying glass like a nearsighted Cyclops.
Drew waited until he was finished, not wanting to interrupt him during such a delicate operation. Just standing there in his office, uninvited and without being in trouble, felt weird, like showing up at a birthday party without a present. 
“When I retire, I’m gonna have a lot more time to untie flies than I do now,” Hoyt said, adjusting the vice for a better angle. 
Drew’s eyebrows arched. “Ain’t you supposed to tie flies, not untie them?”
 “Only if you like fishing,” Hoyt grumbled. He finished up and pushed the equipment off the side of his desk into the trashcan where it landed with a clang. “I didn’t expect to see you back here so soon. You haven’t blown up anything else, have you?”
Drew pushed one of the visitor’s chairs up close to Hoyt’s desk and sat down. He leaned forward in case anyone was eavesdropping. “There’s something going on in the school bunker,” he whispered.
Hoyt waited for him to finish and then realized that he had. “And?”
That wasn’t the response Drew expected. “Maybe if I show you,” he said, standing up.
“Sit down. I’ve seen it,” Hoyt said. 
“You have?” 
“Of course I have. Just because I’m retiring doesn’t mean I’m not on top of things. The Vice-Principal showed me everything.”
“Everything?”
“Everything,” Hoyt said. “All of the construction that you saw in the bunker, that’s all part of the grant, paid for by your tax dollars. Well, not your tax dollars, but you know what I mean.”
“But what about the changes—the changes in the kids?”
“You mean the Crypto-Punk business?” Hoyt snorted. “It’s another fad. It’ll run its course. I’ve seen worse, much worse. You ever hear of Beatlemania?”
Drew cocked his head. “Just how old are you?”
“Was there anything else?” Hoyt asked.
“But the changes ain’t just a fad. They’re really happenin’,” Drew insisted, rising from his chair again. “Let me show you.”
“Stop!” Hoyt demanded. “I’m not falling for it this time.” 
“Fallin’ for what?”
“Whatever prank or stunt or gag you’re trying to pull off. Not this time.”
“But the kids are changin’,” Drew insisted, “really changin’!”
“Listen to me,” Hoyt said, wagging his bony finger back and forth. “Bixby really needs this grant money, so don’t make any trouble. It’s paying for lead paint for the classrooms and asbestos installation. It’s even paying for the repairs to the water tower that you and your delinquent pals wrecked.”
Bixby had a reputation around town as being the worst school in the district and, by extension, Hoyt as the worst principal. This was the Old Man’s chance to mend a broken legacy, to leave Bixby better off than when he got there, and he wasn’t going to give up on that dream without a fight. 
“So…you ain’t gonna do nothin’?” Drew asked.
“Wrong. I’m not going to do anything,” Hoyt said. “Maybe you should pay more attention during English instead of coming up with these…these cockamamie stories.”
“Cockamamie?”
“Cockamamie,” Hoyt repeated. “It’s a word, look it up.”
Drew got up to leave, but Hoyt couldn’t resist taking one last jab. “By the way, how’s Saturday school working out?” 
“Oh, Mr. Frost gave us a get-out-of-jail card,” Drew said, pausing in the doorway.
“A get-out-of-jail card? What’s that mean?”
Drew could tell by the look on Hoyt’s face that this was the first he’d heard of it. “We did an extra credit project. Mr. Frost let us off with time served for good behavior.”
The Old Man didn’t say anything for a moment, then cleared his throat and gestured toward the door. “Get back to class.”
* * *
Lazy-Eye Susan watched the shaky footage on Grady’s phone beneath her flickering porch light. The grainy imagery made the already disturbing scene even more unsettling and added another layer of credibility to the story they’d told her.
“We tried tellin’ Old Man Hoyt,” Drew said. “But he wouldn’t even listen.”
“I even showed the video to my mom,” Grady said, “but she didn’t believe me. She thought it was just a commercial for another dumb shaky-camera movie.”
“Yeah. Yeah, plus, since we blew up the water tower, they just don’t believe nothin’ we say.” Spider added.
“Well, I believe ya,” Susan said, inviting them in. “Y’all ever hear of the Transylvania Brigade?”
* * *
Susan led them to the library, where most of the books were on the floor rather than the shelves, stacked in columns and propping up the walls like the ruins of an ancient Greek temple. 
“Sorry ’bout the mess. I been in here doin’ some readin’ the last few days,” she said.
“So what’s this ’bout the Transylvania Brigade?” Drew asked.
“They was a soldierin’ outfit ’round ’bout the time of WWII,” she said. “Some picture studio got the idea to dress up actors as monsters and drop ’em behind enemy lines. Psychological warfare, I s’pose. Even made a movie ’bout it. Gotta book on it somewheres here.”
“Dude, all this stuff’s on the Internet now,” Grady said, blowing the dust off a particularly thick volume.
She wandered through the stacks, trying to remember where she last saw the book in question. “Not all of ’em. In fact, hardly any of ’em. These here are all outta print. That’s why I keep ’em.”
“Did it work?” Spider asked.
“Did what work?” Susan asked.
“The Transylvania Brigade,” Drew said. “Did it work?”
“Yeah, at first,” she said. “But then the other side tried the same thing, and things just got outta hand. Weren’t ’til afterwards that both sides figured out that they was just a bunch of regular folks in makeup. Wait…right here it is.”
She cracked open the book and laid it flat across the table in front of them. “I figure one side must’ve had a breakthrough and come up with some kinda concoction that really does change folks.”
“But why kids?” Grady asked. “Why not soldiers? They’re bigger and stronger to start with.”
“Good question,” Susan said. “Maybe ’cause it won’t work on grown-ups. Maybe ’cause it only works on young’uns during a certain time in their life, maybe just as puberty is ’bout to happen. These kids that changed—bet they were bigger than the others, more growed-up, yeah?”
She had a point; Harley, Donovan, and Ramone were just about the biggest elementary school students in captivity. And Harley’s mom was never around—she might not have even noticed the change. 
Newton flipped through the book, glancing at the photographs. The monster suits looked quaint by modern standards, and it was hard to see how anybody could fall for them. “Lucky we came to you, Miss Susan. You sure know a lot about this kinda stuff.”
“Just followed my shadow to where it led me is all,” she said. 
Spider and Grady turned to Drew for an explanation.
“Never mind, I’ll explain later,” Drew said. “What do ya think we should do?” 
She paced back and forth, biting her nails and trying to come up with an idea, but she kept coming back to the same thing. “We gotta have more information. We don’t know what we don’t know. We only know what we do know. That make sense?”
“I guess,” Drew said.
“Y’all need to get as much information on this Frost fella as ya can,” Susan explained. “Y’all start with that.”
* * *
The Cadillac blew past the stop sign, belching black exhaust and chuffing like a panther, all black lacquer and gleaming chrome. 
Drew pedaled his Stingray down Second Avenue with Clementine and Newton huffing and puffing right behind him. They followed the Caddie, weaving in between parked cars and around the red maples lining the street, brown and yellow leaves crunching beneath their tires.
They ducked behind a parked car and watched the Caddie slide in tail-first between a busted-up Hyundai and a late-model VW on the opposite side of the street. A second later, Mr. Frost got out of the driver’s side and climbed the steps of a three-story townhouse.
“What’s he doin’ now?” Clementine asked.
“Nothin’ at all, just like he’s been doing the last few days,” Drew said. “Chillin’ and runnin’ errands, goin’ to the store. Nothin’ at all.”
“This was a dumb idea,” Newton lisped.
Their frustration was starting to show. They’d been following Frost back and forth across town for a few days now and weren’t getting anywhere. They were just about to head back to the Windmill when they heard a familiar voice.
“Hey. What are you kids doing on my side of town?”
Mr. Birdsong strolled out of the Laundromat carrying a basket of folded clothes in the crook of his arm. His paint-splattered sweatshirt read “Property of Bixby Elementary” in big block letters, and he hadn’t shaved in days, but otherwise, he seemed the same as before. 
They knew they’d run into him eventually and weren’t sure what kind of reception they’d get, but he seemed genuinely glad to see them.
“Hey, ya dropped something, Mr. B.” Drew said. He bent down to pick up the quarter, but got waved off. 
Birdsong put the laundry basket down and flipped his wrists for the kids to see. “I’ll let you in on a little secret. Two wristbands—one on each hand. Each wristband has a string attached to it at one end and a quarter at the other, like a yo-yo.” 
“Pretty cool, Mr. B,” Clementine said.
“Yeah. I was an Olympic alternate on the U.S. competitive yo-yo team.”
“Greco-Roman or freestyle?” Newton asked.
“Both,” he bragged, reeling the quarter back in. “I can hit a Laundromat coin slot or a parking meter with these from twenty feet away.” 
“Wow. You’re like the cheapskate Spider-Man,” Drew said.
Clementine agreed. “Yeah, except your super powers are doin’ laundry and ridin’ the bus for free.” 
Birdsong laughed, even though the joke wasn’t that funny, and opened his car trunk, tucking the basket inside. “Sorry I can’t stick around longer,” he said, “but I’ve got a job interview at a school out in the suburbs. I gotta get back to my apartment and get ready for it.”
They said their goodbyes and watched the beat-up Volvo backfire and stutter before Birdsong shifted into gear and got up to speed, disappearing around the corner in a puff of diesel exhaust. 
“He must be havin’ a hard time if he can’t even pay for laundry,” Clementine said. 
“Anybody else see the blankets and pillows on the back seat?” Drew asked.
“Maybe he’s living outta his car,” Newton said.
Running into Mr. Birdsong like that brought back memories—good and bad—but mostly they felt guilty for getting him fired in the first place. And because they couldn’t do anything to help him, they hated Frost that much more for replacing him.
They turned their attention back to the townhouse with renewed devotion to their cause. They didn’t have to wait long for Frost to reappear.
“Be cool,” Drew said. “Here he comes.” 
He was almost to the Caddie when Miss Croy, barefoot and wearing jeans and a snug black turtleneck, came bouncing down the steps after him. 
“You see what I see?” Clementine asked.
“Miss Croy,” Newton mumbled. “But what’s she doin’ with Frost?” 
“Maybe she lives there,” Drew said, “in that building.”
They watched her hand him a manila folder and lean in to whisper something in his ear that made him smile. They’d seen the same interaction at school before, but this was different. Something about the way they stood seemed more…familiar.
“They standin’ awfully close together,” Drew said.
“Yeah. Why don’t they just go ahead and share a strand of spaghetti like in Lady and the Tramp,” Clementine said.
“She’s gotta be in on this with ’im,” Drew said. “Maybe the other teachers, too. Maybe that’s why they ain’t done nothin’ ’bout the changes in the kids.”
They watched the Caddie screech out into traffic, and then resumed their stakeout. 
* * *
They didn’t have money to pay the admission, so they waited until the attendant’s back was turned and hopped the Municipal Zoo’s turnstiles, disappearing into the throng. 
They tracked Frost to the primate house, while keeping their distance. Fortunately, there was enough of a crowd to lose themselves in, but not so much that they lost track of their target.
“Who’s that guy with him?” Clementine asked.
Newton peeked out from behind the kiosk. “Looks like some kinda doorman.”
“How can you be that blind with glasses that thick? That’s an Army uniform,” Clementine said.
“I can’t hear nothin’,” Drew said. “We gotta get closer.”
He started forward, but Newton held him back with outstretched arms. “Stop. I can read lips.”
He furrowed his brow and focused, taking off his glasses for dramatic effect. “Libby Lion stole the marmalade from Silly Snake…and would not—would not give it back.…Silly Snake…Silly Snake then went to find Rocky Rabbit in the enchanted…”
Clementine clamped her hand over his mouth. “You’re an idiot!”
Drew crept forward. “Come on. Let’s get closer.”
* * *
General Hyde blew his nose, his jowls quivering like a hound dog coming in from the rain. “So in the end, Lilly Lion and Silly Snake shared the marmalade in the enchanted forest.” 
“That’s a charming story,” Frost said, already checking his watch. “And I’m sure your grandchildren enjoy hearing you read those stories as much as I do hearing about them.”
“Yeah, I love kids,” Hyde wheezed. He took his glasses off and rubbed his bloodshot brown eyes. “Sorry, allergies.”
Frost had expected a battle-scarred, leather-faced, granite-jawed man of action when they first met.
But Hyde was none of those things, and less. His main qualification seemed to be that he looked like a general—at least Hollywood’s version of one; blunt, wooden features carved into an emotionless mask and crowned by a salt and pepper ‘fro.
A few visitors trickled by, slowing down to gawk at the odd pair. They were drawing attention to themselves, and that’s the last thing Frost wanted.
“By the way, I thought these meetings were supposed to be more or less secret,” Frost said casually.
“They are. That’s why I came in disguise.”
“But you came in uniform,” Frost said.
“I’m an Army general, but today I came dressed as an Air Force general—an Air Force general.”
Frost just shook his head. “Right. Anyway, Phase I is almost complete. Enzyme Seven has been administered, and it’s working. We begin Phase II in a week.”
Frost expected him to be more excited by the news, but the General’s face stretched into something halfway between a grin and a frown, like a kid trying not to tell his dad about a broken window. “You may not get to Phase II.”
“What’s wrong?” Frost asked.
“We’re getting some blowback from the Senate Appropriations Committee,” Hyde said.
“What happened?”
“Another black project we’re funding had a little mishap. Now, all black projects have come under scrutiny, and funding is being reviewed on a case-by-case basis,” the General explained. “There’s a push to see some results from all the money we’ve been pouring into these programs.”
Frost absorbed the news coolly. He’d put too much work into this project to give up so easily. “Then why not show them?” 
“What do you mean?” 
“We’re almost ready for the trials. Why not invite the brass over and show them our prize Cryptos in action?”
Hyde thought about it for a moment, giving himself time to consider the potential pitfalls, but he couldn’t come up with any. “Yeah, that might work. That might work. A little preview might be enough to get the committee off our back—for a while anyway. But nothing too crazy.”
“No, nothing too crazy,” Frost promised. “We’ll come up with some kind of war game—some kind of scenario to show the Cryptos in action. Something that shows them off without being too much of a challenge.”
A vivid imagination wasn’t a requirement for sitting behind a desk at the Pentagon, but even Hyde could see the plan’s merit. “This could work…this could work. A little show-biz sizzle might be just what we need. But nothing over the top.” 
“Agreed. Nothing over the top. But that brings up another problem,” Frost said. “We’ll need some kind of setting—something dramatic, but isolated.”
Hyde unfolded a map from inside his briefcase. Running his finger across the longitudinal lines, he came to a speck of land a few miles off shore. “Bingo. Here…Transylvania Island.”
“Transylvania Island?” Frost said.
“It’s an old theme park…used to be run by a movie company, Phantasmagoria Studios.”
“I remember them,” Frost said. “They used to make all those old monster flicks, didn’t they?”
“Yeah, but that was a while ago, before they went bankrupt. Anyway, one of our missile tests malfunctioned and took out a big chunk of the park’s infrastructure. So now the Army has this burned-out amusement park and no idea what to do with it. No idea.”
“Transylvania Island…I kinda like the way that sounds,” Frost said, warming to the notion.
“Yeah, but what about security?” Hyde asked. 
“We’ll hide in plain sight,” Frost said. “We’ll float a press release, something to the effect that the studio is running under new management. We say we’re there filming a low-budget horror film. The Army is there only as technical advisors. No need for the press to investigate something we’ve already gone public with.” 
Hyde smiled. The plan was brilliant in its simplicity—or simple in its brilliance. He wasn’t quite sure yet. They hashed out the remaining details before shaking hands and leaving through separate exits. 
CHAPTER 6
Spider waved the photo back and forth, waiting for the ink to dry while he searched for an open spot on the Windmill’s wall. Surveillance pics documenting Frost’s every move the last few days covered every inch, so space was at a premium. 
Grady stood over Spider’s shoulder watching him work, but found himself mesmerized instead by Frost’s shiny head. “Dude, if I blur my eyes, the pictures look like some kinda nature documentary about a herd of hard-boiled eggs migrating ‘cross the city all at once.”
“Come over here. I got something I wanna show you all,” Newton said. 
Spider found an opening and tacked the photo to the wall, then gathered with the others around a makeshift table made from an old door and a pair of sawhorses.
Clementine pointed to the twin cages in the middle of the table. “How’d Romeo and Juliet get out?”
“Mouse witness relocation program,” Grady said.
“The what?” Clementine asked.
“Mouse witness relocation program,” Grady repeated. “They take mice that might be witnesses to crimes and stuff and give ’em new identities until they testify—like they do on TV.”
Clementine’s head cocked at an angle while she decided if he was serious.
“Dude, I’m just messin’ with ya. When you guys were at the zoo, Spider and me just walked in and grabbed ’em,” Grady said.
“Loser,” Clementine huffed.
“Won’t Frost miss ’em?” Drew asked.
“No way,” Spider said. “He’ll think that Romeo finally broke out and got away for good. And Juliet looks just like all the others.”
Grady agreed. “Yeah, dude. If it weren’t for her left ear being messed up, I couldn’t tell the difference either.”
Newton grabbed a mason jar from the table and poured half its contents into Juliet’s bottle and the rest into Romeo’s. He snapped the lid back into place on Romeo’s cage, put a few bricks on top to weigh it down, and then roused the mouse with a tap on the side of the cage. 
The burly rodent stretched and yawned and then scurried toward the bottle and started guzzling. The commotion woke Juliet as well, who watched with curiosity from the safety of her own cage.
“What we s’posed to be lookin’ at?” Clementine asked. 
“Just watch him,” Newton said.
Romeo started pacing back and forth inside the cage, staring back at them with fretful brown eyes. Something was wrong. 
“What’s goin’ on?” Clementine said.
The mouse jerked and twitched, flipping backwards and pushing himself through the cedar chips lining the bottom of his cage.
“Whaddya do to him, egghead?” Clementine asked.
“Just keep watching,” Newton repeated, keeping one eye on his stopwatch. 
The long seconds turned to agonizing minutes, their vigil lasting until Newton stopped the timer, signaling the metamorphosis was complete.
The shock of not recognizing the rodent staring back at them left them speechless. Gone was the lovably husky mouse they’d rescued, and in his place was a troglodytic mass of chiseled bone and sculpted muscle.
Romeo growled and then slammed against the wire mesh in an adrenaline-fueled rage, lifting the cage almost a foot off the table.
“We’re gonna need more bricks!” Drew shouted, struggling to keep the cage down. 
Newton held up the empty jar. “I filled this at school today. I boiled it down until the water evaporated, and all that was left was…”
“Enzyme Seven,” Clementine said, beating him to the punch.
Newton nodded. “Yeah, Enzyme Seven.”
Grady took a whiff of the jar. “Wow! What’s the street value of this stuff?”
“Gimme that,” Newton snapped, snatching it back. “Anyway, I think boiling it down made it concentrated—maybe made the change happen quicker.”
“How’d you figure out it was in the water?” Spider asked.
Newton flipped his laptop around and hit the play button. “Remember that story Miss Susan told us about the Transylvania Brigade? They made a movie about it. In the movie, they used water to deliver Enzyme Seven—only they called it Vitamin X instead.”
“Yeah. Yeah, but everybody in the city drinks water,” Spider said. “That’s like a million people. They all gonna change to mice?”
“What? No. You missed the point. Nobody is changing into mice,” Newton said in exasperation. “That’s the stupidest thing I ever heard—that’s more than stupid. That’s so stupid that it’s reached the ultimate stupidity event horizon beyond which nothing dumber can ever come. Congratulations.”
“The water tower,” Clementine said. “Betcha we’re the only school in the district with its own water tower. When we wrecked it…”
“When we wrecked it,” Newton interrupted, “we gave Frost the perfect cover to tamper with it.” 
“Yeah, but dude, we all drink the water at school,” Grady said. “And Juliet drank the same water as Romeo. She didn’t change.”
“Yeah, that part stumped me too,” Newton said, “but we know not everybody is affected.”
“But how do we know that?” Spider asked.
“Because not everybody is affected,” Newton said. “Like you said, we all drank the water.”
“We gotta do something ’bout this,” Drew said. The others agreed, all except one.
“How come this is our problem?” Grady said. Then he looked at Drew and the others, who were suddenly staring at their shoes, and realized there had to be more to the story.
“Because of last Halloween,” Drew said.
* * *
They’d climbed the utility ladder to the top of the school’s water tower, their flowing white sheets trailing in the crisp breeze behind them. The last day of October meant an end to the vivid autumn colors, soon to be swept away by gray November’s drizzling rain, so they savored every last second while they still could.
The ghouls sat with their backs to each other in the center of the tower’s drum, and once they were convinced they were safe, they pulled back their masks. 
“Didya see the look on that lady’s face when we rang the bell?” Harley asked. “I ain’t never seen anybody give away candy so fast.” 
Drew held his mask in his hands, admiring the workmanship. “These turned out good.”
Clementine agreed with a mischievous grin. “Yeah, they did.” 
She’d shown up at the Windmill earlier in the day with an armload of raggedy teddy bears and a pair of scissors.
“Won’t your sister miss these?” Newton asked her upon her arrival.
“Yeah,” Clementine said, “but that’s the point.”
After decapitating the hapless toys, they cut their faces off and tore holes in the fabric where their button eyes used to be. They stapled rubber bands to each end to hold the grotesque masks on their faces, and they were...
“Wait,” Spider said. “Is that where you got these?”
“Where else?” Clementine asked.
“Yeah—yeah, I thought maybe your dad was a serial killer or somethin’,” Spider said.
They laughed and turned their attention back to the candy.
“Good haul this year,” Drew said.
“Yeah, bigger than last year,” Harley agreed.
Halloween meant block parties in the neighborhood, and soon entire sections of the downtown would be in flames in a tradition that dated back to the city’s founding. But this was the best place to be, away from the trouble and with a ringside seat for the mayhem. From here they could see the entire city and beyond it, to the far horizon where the sky turned from twilight to the deepest indigo imaginable.
They emptied their bags and made a communal pile. Every variety of candy they could think of glittered before them in colorful foil wrappers like a pirate’s treasure. Though, like every pirate’s treasure, this bounty was booby-trapped.
“This apple’s gotta a razor blade stuck in it,” Drew complained, tossing it aside.
“Hypodermic needle here,” Spider said, carefully pulling the broken syringe out of the candy bar.
Clementine bit down on a butterscotch candy and yelped, spitting the candy into her cupped hand. “Ouch! Bullet in this one.”
Harley held a sucker up to the light, taking a squint through its cloudy center. “This sucker ain’t a sucker. It’s a glass eye with a stick jammed in it.” 
“Looks like the rest are clean,” Newton said.
“At least nobody gave us pennies this year,” Spider said, “chipped my tooth last time.”
Clementine stuffed a caramel into her mouth. “You’re fault for thinkin’ it was chocolate covered in foil.” 
Harley took a hearty bite of licorice. “I could live off this stuff. All I need is a fork.” 
“With bites that size, you better invest in a trident,” Newton cracked. 
But Harley didn’t get mad; he laughed. Cracks like that were allowed between friends—though not from anybody else.
They stuffed their faces until they were sick of the taste and then kicked back to watch the city burn. The best thing about being here was that they didn’t have to say or do anything. They could just hang out and think about whatever they wanted to—or not think about anything at all. It was absolute freedom, however fleeting the feeling.
“Hey, you kids! I see you!” 
The guard climbed to the top of the drum as fast as he could, but he was an old, gray man in a baggy gray uniform, and his creaky joints slowed him down. 
“Don’t move,” he warned them. “I gotcha!”
The kids recovered from their initial shock and slid across the drum’s slick surface, disappearing over the edge one by one.
 “No! Don’t jump!” the guard shouted. He moved across the drum taking short, choppy steps to keep his balance, swearing under his breath. “You selfish little…You know how much paperwork I gotta do now!”
He made it to the edge just in time to see the kids crawling out of a pile of pink fiberglass bundles stacked around the tower’s concrete base, the remnants of the latest round of repairs to the school’s infrastructure. 
“Damn. They musta planned an escape route,” the guard said, his heart still pounding. He took a quick look around the tower but didn’t see anything amiss and relaxed a little. “Well, don’t look like they did no damage no how.”
“Help…”
The guard turned his head back and forth, trying to pinpoint which direction the voice was coming from. “Who said that?”
“Help…”
He poked his head over the tower’s edge and took another look. “Well, looks like not all of ya got away,” he said, drunk with satisfaction—and with the booze he’d sipped from his thermos earlier. 
Harley hung from the tower about halfway down, his overalls snagged on a metal hook sticking out of one of the wooden crossbeams. 
“Hmmm. Fat kids sure do love wearing those bib overalls,” the guard muttered. “Wonder why that is?”
Harley fought to free himself, but his overalls tore and he dropped almost six inches, so he stopped fighting. He was hanging fifteen to twenty feet above the pavement, and falling from that height meant a broken leg or twisted ankle at best.
“Help,” Harley whimpered again.
* * *
“We coulda gone back,” Drew said. “We shoulda gone back.”
“Some windows at Bixby got broke that night,” Clementine said. “Some computers got stolen. Wasn’t us. But Harley got caught hangin’ from the water tower, and they blamed him. Took ’em down to the dungeon.”
“The dungeon?” Grady asked.
“Juvenile hall,” Newton said. “Downtown. We didn’t see him again for three months.” 
“Went by his house, but nobody ever came to the door,” Clementine said. “But that was normal for his house. When he got back, things were different…just different.”
Drew tossed a piece of grungy fabric to Grady.
Grady peered through the eyeholes. “Harley’s mask?”
“We found it nailed to the Windmill door after he got out of the dungeon,” Drew said. 
Their story answered a lot of questions Grady had. He’d only moved into the neighborhood—their neighborhood—a few months ago and didn’t share their history. But at least now their eagerness to help Harley made more sense. They’d been carrying the guilt of their escape long enough, and they were ready to exorcise it.
* * *
The Eyewitness News studio was always freezing, a fact that infuriated Molly to no end. She kept turning up the thermostat in her dressing room but came to suspect that it was there just for show and didn’t really control the temperature at all. So she sat there, shivering in her chair, hair in curlers, while the mousy makeup girl dabbed foundation onto her pale skin. 
“I want better stories, not the fluff pieces you keep sending me out on,” Molly hissed, her breath fogging in the air. “I mean, look at the stuff I covered the last few weeks: local optometrist thinks he’s a cat; man in a white suit orders spaghetti at local restaurant; cheapskate Spider-Man does laundry for free. What kind of stories are these?”
Molly finished the conversation and hung up the phone, biting her lip while the trembling makeup girl finished. She was so angry that she almost didn’t notice the unfamiliar reflection in the illuminated vanity. “Who are you?” 
“Miss Tuggle, we’re big fans,” Drew gushed.
Molly waved the makeup girl away. “How’d you get in here?”
“We’re on a class field trip,” Drew said, handing her an eight-by-ten glossy photo of herself to sign. “You know, you’re much prettier in person than on TV.”
Molly’s sour frown gave way to a coy smile. Some kind of tour group was always wandering through the station’s hallways. She autographed the photo and passed it back to him. “Thanks, half-pint. Here you go. But whose we? I only see you and—whoa—what happened to you?”
Grady’s sudden appearance in her doorway caught her by surprise. He’d hacked off more of his hair, etching a design into his scalp that mimicked the stripes on his arms. Mascara smeared into the hollows of his eyes gave his face a sunken look that Molly would later describe to her producer as cadaverous. 
“It’s called Crypto-Punk,” he said. “All the cool kids are doin’ it. I’m cool, so I’m doin’ it…’cause I’m cool.”
Molly got out of her chair to take a closer look, standing much taller in person than she appeared on TV. “How long has this been going on?”
“For a while,” Drew said. 
“What do your parents think about this?” Molly asked.
“They hate it,” Grady said, “really hate it.”
Molly tried pumping them for more information, but Drew held back. Having planted the seed, he turned to leave, hustling Grady out the door with him. “Guess we’ll be seein’ you at the Bixby PTA meeting tomorrow night.” 
“What? Wait. What PTA meeting?” she asked.
“Just thought that since Channel Six and Channel Four would be there, you’d be there, too,” Drew said. “Thanks again for the autograph. We gotta get back to the tour before we get in trouble.”
* * *
Molly posed outside the Bixby Elementary entrance, wetting her lips and checking her reflection in her compact. “Hey, headgear. How do I look?”
“Good,” her cameraman answered. “Very lifelike.”
She shot him an angry scowl and snapped the compact shut. She put her earpiece back into place and waited for his cue.
“Thanks, Chet. Bixby Elementary is in the grip of a troubling new fad that’s taken the school by storm. Crypto-Punk, as it’s known on the street, is…Wait—what is that?” 
The sound of grinding gears drowned out her intro, making it impossible to hear anything else. The school’s hedges parted, and the Channel 8 news tank rolled across the grass, gnawing the lawn to pieces and leaving a trail of diesel fuel in its wake. 
The tank rolled to a stop next to the flagpole, and the hatch slowly turned. Out popped the Channel 8 reporter, sticking her head out of the turret to check their position. Shedding her helmet and goggles, she shook her head, her auburn hair cascading out in waves like she was filming a shampoo commercial. She turned and gave Molly a sarcastic wave from the safety of the turret, flashing her most insincere smile.
“When did Channel Eight get a news tank?” Molly fumed.
The producer screaming in her earpiece reminded her that she was live. “Oh—sorry. Disciplinary problems associated with the fad have skyrocketed in the last few weeks, prompting the meeting. Tonight, anxious parents have gathered to voice their concerns and frustrations and cut through the rumor and innuendo. This is Molly Tuggle, reporting live for Eyewitness News. Back to you, Chet.”
* * *
Angry parents filled every seat in the auditorium, their tempers pushed to the boiling point. More and more of their kids were giving in to the Crypto-Punk fad, and they wanted to know what the school was going to do about it.
Superintendent Boggs stood at the podium, trying to appease them, but the mood was getting ugly. One pointed question after another had him reeling. 
“Parent…parents…I feel your pain,” Boggs pleaded, sweating beneath the hot lights. “We are as concerned as you are about this new fad, but threats…threats aren’t gonna help us come up with a workable solution.” 
Thin and wiry with the demeanor of a funeral director, Boggs looked much older than he was, his hair having turned gray prematurely. Around the district he was known as the angel of death because he only appeared during a crisis. 
The crowd settled down, placated for the moment by the superintendent’s pleas. “What’s the school gonna do about this Crypto-Punk business?” demanded one parent.
“I’ve asked the school psychiatrist to speak on that very point tonight,” Boggs said. 
Dr. Camaro appeared at the far end of the stage, fighting his way through the red velvet drapes. He planted himself behind the podium and adjusted the microphone to suit his stature. 
“The threat of the Crypto-Punk fad has been wildly overstated,” Camaro said. “These changes will pass as your children enter the larval stage. Studies show that most children change colors, sprout horns, or develop webbing between their fingers and toes at some point during their lives. Fortunately, most of them grow out of these changes by the time they emerge from their protective cocoons.”
“New age mumbo-jumbo and gobbledygook!” shouted one parent, and the others grumbled their agreement. 
Camaro ducked an over-ripe tomato, followed in rapid succession by a grapefruit and a boomeranging banana that splattered harmlessly against the podium. 
“We gotta stop catering these meetings!” Boggs complained, barely dodging a knuckleballing pineapple that would have sent him to the hospital. 
The Doctor’s explanation wasn’t going over well with the blue-collar crowd. They were ready to storm the stage, pitchforks in hand. 
Boggs threw himself in front of the mob in a last-ditch effort to prevent a riot. “Let’s not do anything we’re going to regret later,” he begged. “Let’s all calm down.”
“No! You calm down!” shouted one parent.
The angry back-and-forth continued until the lights dimmed and the parents fell silent. 
“Pay no attention to that man in front of the curtain!” the booming voice commanded over the PA.
The curtains parted, and Frost’s face appeared projected onto the auditorium screen like the great and powerful Oz. “Just kidding. I’ve always wanted to say that. Ladies and gentlemen, I’m Vice-Principal Frost, and I’m here to put your minds at ease.”
His image faded, and a pattern of abstract shapes and colors flashed across the screen.
Suddenly, the parents started getting drowsy…
* * *
The parents left the auditorium marching in lockstep to the tune they whistled together in perfect harmony. Their mood coming out was markedly different than that going in—a miraculous change of heart under the circumstances.
“What’s that stupid song anyway?” Drew asked, coming out from behind the hedges.
Clementine popped her head up and over the school sign before joining him. “It’s from the Wizard of Oz. Ya know, ‘We’re off to see the wizard...’”
“Their vacant expressions and catatonic stupor can mean only one thing,” Newton said, climbing down from the tree.
Clementine stuck her hand on her hip and waited for an explanation of his explanation.
“Post-hypnotic suggestion,” Newton explained, “like in the chair.”
“But I was in the chair,” Drew said. “We all was. I didn’t walk around like a zombie.” 
“Don’t work on everybody,” Newton said. “But those that it does work on can be controlled—made to follow orders. Like puppets.”
They watched the cars leave the parking lot in an orderly ballet without any horn honking, swearing, or fisticuffs—a miraculous achievement in itself. 
“Well, that didn’t work,” Clementine said, turning to face Drew. “Now what?”
* * *
The next day after school, Clementine arrived at the Windmill to find Spider and Grady sitting outside the door.
“What’s wrong?” she asked.
“Door’s locked,” Spider said.
“Did ya knock?” she asked.
Grady clapped his hands to the sides of his head. “Dude, no, I didn’t. Lucky ya got here when ya did. We would’ve never thought of that.” 
He got up and pretended to knock, exaggerating for effect. “Nobody home.”
“They must be holed up in there working on something,” Clementine said.
“Spider, what’s Spanish for duh?” Grady asked. 
“Don’t know,” Spider answered, “can’t talk Spanish.” 
Newton rolled up a minute later on his Huffy. He lowered the kickstand and chained the bike to the rack. “Ain’t me. Might be homeless guys like last time.”
But that didn’t make sense either. Between the police substation on the corner and the surveillance lights from the junkyard next door, they didn’t get many visitors.
Clementine’s brow furrowed, and her eyes turned to focused slits. She was already tired of waiting, even though she hadn’t been waiting very long at all. “Stand back.”
She brushed them aside and stepped backward a few paces, digging in her heels. 
“Not this again,” Grady lamented.
She lowered her shoulder and shot out of the blocks like a sprinter, launching herself against the door and blasting it off its hinges. 
“It ain’t locked no more,” she said.
Grady could only throw up his arms in disgust. “Redheads.”
* * *
Clementine inched forward, arms outstretched, as the others filed in behind her. She waited for her eyes to adjust to the cool blue darkness before asking the obvious question: “What is that thing?” 
The thing reached from floor to ceiling, disappearing into the rafters high above. A canvas sheet hid its features but clung to enough of the bulging muscles and powerful sinews beneath to give them some idea of the anatomy in question. 
Drew appeared from behind the colossus, wiping his hands on a greasy rag. “How ya like it?”
“What is it?” Clementine repeated.
“The answer to y’all’s problem, of course.” 
Lazy-Eye Susan’s sudden manifestation caught them by surprise. They all knew her from around the neighborhood, but materializing from out of the dark like she did spooked them. 
“What problem?” Clementine said. 
“Enzyme Seven only works on some kids now, but what if this fella Frost fixes it so that it works on all y’all?” Susan said.
“I’m a kid,” Newton said.
“Yeah, and some of the popular kids—the kids that ain’t changin’—they’re goin’ Crypto-Punk, dressin’ like kids that did change…like it’s cool or something,” Spider said, his head dipping toward Grady. 
Newton agreed. “It’s gettin’ to where ya can’t tell the real Cryptos from all the posers and wannabes.”
“My sister showed me a dance called the Crypto-Shuffle on Youtube,” Clementine said. “Got like a million views.”
“Let’s call the cops,” Grady said.
“They won’t believe us,” Newton shot back. 
“Or worse. They’ll call our folks. You saw what happened at the PTA meeting,” Clementine added.
“Yeah. Yeah, my mom still ain’t right,” Spider said. “Don’t know what they did to her in there, but she just smiles and nods, no matter what I say.”
Clementine put the pieces together before the others did. “We gotta make our own. We gotta use Enzyme Seven to make our own Crypto.”
“Why we gotta do that?” Grady asked. “How’s that gonna help?”
“Because we don’t want the Army to think that Enzyme Seven really works,” Clementine said.
“But it really does work,” Grady said. “And makin’ our own will prove it—prove it works so good that a bunch of kids can do it.”
“This fella Frost is gonna show them bigwigs Enzyme Seven in action,” Susan said. “Well, we’ll put on a show of our own. We’ll show ’em just how unpredictable Enzyme Seven is—scare some sense into ’em ’fore they go too far.” 
“How?” Newton asked.
“By sendin’ our Crypto on a mission all his own,” Susan said. “And after our boy gets through wreckin’ their little party, those Army muckety-mucks will see they can’t control Enzyme Seven and give up on this nonsense all by theyselves!”
“Dude, that seems like a really complicated plan,” Grady said. But the others were already caught up in her machinations and just tuned him out. Lazy-Eye Susan had a way of making even the most outlandish scheme seem plausible.
“But we still don’t know much about Enzyme Seven,” Newton said.
“You keep callin’ it an enzyme, which ain’t quite right—strictly speaking,” Susan said. “It’s a livin’ thing. Like a parasite.”
“What makes ya say that?” Spider asked.
She led them to a rusty shopping cart parked in the corner. A tangle of glass coils and copper tubing wound around a tarnished brass tank bolted to the bottom of the cart.
“What’s all this junk?” Grady asked.
“Ain’t junk. It’s a distillery, a still,” Susan said with a wink. “I use it to make…medicine.” 
Drew sniffed the air. “Yeah, my gramps drinks his medicine out of a shot glass.”
She ignored him and poured a gallon of the Enzyme Seven-infused water into the funnel at one end of the makeshift contraption. The liquid flowed through the tubes and passed through filter after filter, finally collecting in a brass kettle suspended over a burner at the other end. Bubbling and boiling, the witch’s brew tried to punch its way out of the sealed kettle with sentient ferocity. 
“That stuff’s really alive!” Clementine shouted.
“Wait—wait. When I boiled it down, it didn’t jump around like that. How come?” Newton asked.
Susan pointed to the grimy car battery sitting next to the distillery. Bringing the leads together sent furious blue sparks dancing across the gap. “It’s dormant ’til activated, and it’s activated by a ’lectrical charge modulated at just the right frequency.”
“We didn’t activate Romeo’s dose,” Newton said.
“Ya didn’t need to,” Susan said. “His dose was activated ‘fore you grabbed him. You was just addin’ fuel to the fire, so to speak.”
Clementine pointed to the canvas-draped colossus behind them. “Wait. Then what’s under the cover?”
“Stand back,” Susan cautioned. 
She grabbed one end of the canvas, and Drew grabbed the other, and together they pulled the sheet away, unveiling what was beneath: a six-inch Frankenstein glued together from the parts of different action figures.
“We had the sheet tailored to fit the eventual dimensions of our Crypto to save time,” Drew explained.
“You are so stupid!” Clementine huffed.
The model’s patchwork anatomy fused limbs and organs harvested from the broken and forgotten toys they’d outgrown--A Mr. Potato head kit, a Tickle-Me Elmo doll, an old, headless GI Joe and some Star Wars figurines--among others, all stitched together like something that crawled out of their collective nightmares
“Yeah. Yeah, this could work,” Spider said.
“Yeah,” Drew said. “We saw what Enzyme Seven did to Romeo and Harley and ’em.”
“What we need to get started?” Spider asked.
“DNA,” Susan said.
“Who gets to volunteer?” Clementine asked.
Susan held a gleaming sewing needle up to the light and flashed a menacing smile. “Y’all do.” 
CHAPTER 7
The chopper appeared over the curve of the horizon at dawn, skimming across the water’s glassy surface like a dragonfly. Flying this low kept the helicopter beneath the radar and the pilot from having to answer tough questions from civilian air traffic controllers, something his passengers wanted to avoid at all costs. 
General Hyde leaned over and pointed out the port-side window, almost spilling his coffee on his uniform. “There it is…Transylvania Island!” 
Frost stared out across the terrain, his sunglasses reflecting the forested landscape rushing past in a blur. The island was the peak of a submerged mountain a few miles across, with a working dock and a rudimentary road system in place, though not much else. 
“My dad brought me here when I was a kid,” the General said. “It was kinda like Disneyland, except creepier. Guess it had to be since they made monster movies and such. All kinds of robot…”
“Animatronic,” Frost said, correcting him.
“Right…animatronic…all kinds of animatronic characters popping out around every corner. Scared the hell out of me then. Still kinda creepy even now, when I think about it.”
The missile’s impact crater was massive, as big as a football field and half as deep. The explosion had left the midway and surrounding rides intact, though exposure to the elements over the years had ravaged the existing machinery almost beyond repair. 
“We’ve got teams of engineers working in shifts to restore the site to a basic level of functionality,” Hyde said.
Frost watched the cranes and bulldozers excavating around the crater rim, while the engineers tore down the damaged infrastructure to make way for the new construction.
“This part of the island is below sea level. Water seeped in through the soil and flooded the crater not long after the initial impact,” Hyde said.
A heavy cargo helicopter lowered girders into the crater, its double rotors wheezing beneath the strain of the load. The workers at ground level guided the girders into position, bolting them together as fast as the cargo chopper could drop them in. 
“When it’s finished, the dome will cover the majority of the crater. We’ll be able to house all of the Crypto training modules inside,” Hyde said.
“Impressive,” Frost said. “Your men look like they’ve done this kind of work before.”
Hyde pulled a silver flask out of his inside coat pocket and offered some to Frost before topping off his mug. “Well, maybe not them, but some of their granddaddies mighta worked on the same kind of thing during the war.” 
Frost turned his head away from the window and waited for the explanation he knew was forthcoming.
“Your project ain’t our first rodeo,” Hyde said. “The Army tried something like this during WWII. You ever hear of the Transylvania Brigade?” 
Frost smiled nonchalantly. “I remember reading something about it. A public relations stunt during the war, wasn’t it?”
Hyde shook his head.
“No?”
“No,” Hyde said. “The Army used that as the cover story after the original experiment was compromised.” 
Frost listened to the rotor’s dull drone while the General filled him in on the program’s history. “Tell me, what happened to the test subjects?” 
“There were unfortunate…side effects,” Hyde said.
* * *
Lazy-Eye Susan insisted that the kids stay away from the Windmill for the next few days while their Crypto grew. She explained that she wanted to avoid contaminating the samples, which seemed odd given how messy the Windmill’s interior already was. 
Because they’d never grown their own Crypto before and she appeared to have had much more experience doing so, they did as she asked.
After a few days passed and they’d heard nothing from her, they rode their bikes to the Windmill after school to check on the progress. 
They gave the secret knock, and she answered the door. She cracked the door open just enough so she could see out, but not enough for them to be able to see in. 
“Ain’t done yet, but we’re gettin’ closer. Come back tomorrow,” she said, and shut the door behind her.
This went on for a few days more and ended the same way each time, with Susan repeating what she told them before: “Ain’t done yet, but we’re gettin’ closer. Come back tomorrow.”
Their patience ran dry by the seventh day, and they rode their bikes to the Windmill determined to get answers. 
They gave the secret knock and waited. The sky above darkened dramatically, and a soft rain began falling, rhythmically pelting the broken ground around them.
A few moments later, Susan came to the door.
Her face was pale, her eyes were bloodshot, and she looked like she hadn’t slept in days. “We might have a teeny-tiny problem,” she said, and let them in.
* * *
The gargantuan Crypto towered over them, all pink and bloody scarlet, wrapped from head to toe in gauze and bandages. Like a reflection in a funhouse mirror, the jigsaw anatomy was twisted and strange, recognizable--but misshapen and distorted.  
“Looks like something that should be hangin’ in a deli window,” Newton said.
“The bandages will help promote healing and sorta hold ’im together,” Susan said.
“What happened?” Clementine asked. “This don’t look nothin’ like the model ya showed us.”
“Well…now…I don’t know exactly,” Susan said. “That Enzyme Seven was a bit more ornery than I expected…and, well…”
“And?” Clementine repeated.
“And there mighta, uh…maybe been…contamination.” 
“Contamination? From what?” Clementine said.
“Can’t say fer sure,” Susan admitted.
Clementine made her way to the dark corner where Susan had set up her little lab. No wonder she wasn’t sure what had happened. A hodge-podge collection of unlabeled vials and specimens cluttered the makeshift workbench, defying any semblance of organization. 
Clementine held the vials up to the light, one at a time, but it was impossible to tell what was what. “That thing could be made up of any of these—or all of these.”
 “Whoa! Careful with that one, child,” Susan said.
The silvery liquid inside the vial flowed back and forth with the consistency of molasses. 
“What’s so special ’bout this?” Clementine asked.
“That there is the closest thing to lightnin’ in a bottle you’ll ever see.”
Clementine rolled her eyes. “Yeah, right.”
Susan took the vial from her and put it gently back in its place. “Might as well run through a thunderstorm wearin’ tinfoil underwear as soon as spill a drop of that.”
Spider’s head twisted in the Crypto’s direction. “Wait. Wait…did that thing move?” 
They watched the inanimate creature for a moment, looking for signs of life.
“Dude, you’re losin’ it,” Grady said.
“Yeah. It’s your imagination,” Drew assured him.
Spider exhaled. “Yeah. Yeah, musta been my…”
The Crypto lurched forward, and the kids scattered like roaches, taking shelter among the junk inside the Windmill.
“Relax. It’s just static electricity,” Susan said.
But the kids weren’t convinced.
“You sure?” Grady asked, popping his head over the table.
“I’m sure,” Susan said, posing with her arm around the lifeless Crypto to prove it.
“Is it a boy or a girl?” Clementine asked, inching forward.
“Snips and snails and puppy dog tails, that’s what this little boy is made of!” Susan winked.
“How ya know?” Grady asked. 
The others waited for him to figure it out. 
“Oh, yeah,” Grady said, his face turning red.
“What do we call him?” Spider asked.
Newton shook his head. “What do we call him? That’s not important.” 
“Sure is,” Clementine insisted. “I got an Uncle Marvin and an Uncle Scorpio. One of ’em manages a fast food joint, and the other built a giant laser in my Aunt’s garage. Guess who did what?”
“You made that up,” Grady said.
Spider turned to Susan. “He do anything?” 
“Not yet,” Susan answered. 
“Whatcha mean?” Clementine asked.
“Well, he hain’t quite done yet,” Susan said, waddling to the back of the Windmill. “There’s still one itty-bitty thing missin’.”
She was back a minute later, carrying a battered wooden case beneath her arm. “We got the body. Now all we need is the soul!”
She cleared a space on the table and set the record player down between Romeo and Juliet’s cages. 
“What’s wrong with Romeo?” Newton asked, pressing his face up against his cage. 
Susan was supposed to take care of the mice while they were gone, but it didn’t look like she’d done a very good job. Romeo staggered back and forth in his cage like he was drunk. Bare patches in his fur marred his glossy coat, and his eyes, once shiny and vibrant, now seemed dull and vacant. 
“He’s been a bit under the weather the last few days,” Susan said. “But I’m sure he’ll snap out of it and be his ol’ self in no time.”
She pushed the cage aside to avoid further distractions.	
“Where was I? Oh, I ’member.” Susan rummaged through her satchel until she found what she wanted to show them. She blew the dust off the cover and slid the vinyl seventy-eight gingerly out of the sleeve. “Been savin’ this fer an emergency, and I s’pose this occasion fits the requirement.”
“What is it?” Spider asked.
“A record,” Drew answered.
“Hain’t just a record,” Susan said. “This here is the last known recording of Gulliver Grimsby. May he rest in peace.” 
“Who?” Grady asked.
“He was a musician of some renown, among other things, and my very first husband,” she said. 
“Was? Whatcha mean? What happened?” Spider asked.
Her head dipped solemnly in loving tribute. “His last day on earth, he went into the recording studio and never came back out. Passed away in the middle of a session…while still recordin’.”
“What are you talkin’ about?” Clementine asked.
“Backmasking,” Newton said. “She’s talking about backmasking.”
Clementine turned to Newton. “What are you talkin’ about?” 
“Backmasking is something they used to do back in the day,” he explained. “Music was recorded backward onto a track meant to be played forward. Rock stars put secret messages in the records for their fans.”
Lazy-Eye Susan waited for them to follow his reasoning, but they weren’t getting it. “Went further than just puttin’ messages on them records.”
 “Whatcha mean?” Grady asked. “What’s on that record?”
“Gulliver Grimsby is on the record,” she said. “His soul captured and kept there all these many years until tonight when—God willin’—he’ll walk the earth again.”
The revelation didn’t trigger the awed hush she expected, and she could tell by the looks on their cynical little faces they weren’t buying her story.
Newton waved his mp3 player in her face. “Ever hear of iTunes?”
She reached into her pocket and waved her own player back at him. “I got one of them gadgets, too. But ya can’t reduce the soul to ones and zeroes and expect that gizmo to hold it. The soul is analog, not digital, and it lives ’tween the hands of the clock and ’twixt the grooves in the vinyl.”
Newton remained skeptical. “Wait…if the Crypto is alive, how come he don’t already have a soul?” 
“Because he was made not born, and that’s the difference,” Susan said. She grabbed the lightning-in-a-bottle from the workbench and climbed the step ladder next to the Crypto. She held the bottle over his head and baptized the creature with a single drop. 
“Stand back,” she said, and dropped the needle in the groove. “If’n he didn’t have a soul before, this record will surely give him one.” 
Lightning struck the overpass above them, scorching the concrete and filling the air with the smell of ozone. The lights inside the Windmill strobed in rapid succession, and everyone looked like they were moving in slow motion. They were in the eye of the storm now, and nobody would be leaving anytime soon.
Susan muttered to herself, repeating the same phrase over and over again, loud enough for them to hear, but not loud enough for them to make out the words. There was a rhythm to her cadence, measured and lyrical.
“What’s she doin’?” Clementine asked.
Grady’s jaw dropped. “I think she’s rappin’.” 
Susan scratched the record, spinning it back and forth, back and forth, working the turntable like a skilled D.J. 
Thunder pounded the Windmill, twisting the wooden frame until it cried out for mercy. Gale-force winds punched through the slats in the wall, sweeping the dust and debris inside into a swirling vortex.
“What’s going on?” Newton shouted over the deafening rumble.
Lightning slashed through the tin roof and struck the record player, blue sparks bleeding across the interior. Electric current arced from the turntable toward the Crypto—connecting with a jolt right where Susan marked him.
“The thing—the Crypto!” Clementine shouted. “It’s moving!”
Susan spun the record faster and faster, her rhythmic chanting getting louder and louder. “That’s it…that’s it,” she begged. “Come on—come on—almost there.”
The current crackled through the Crypto’s anatomy, charging the creature’s nervous system like a battery. 
“Come on…”
Inanimate arms and legs flailed and thrashed, dead and desiccated organs pumped anew…
“Almost there…”
The Crypto gasped and exhaled, then filled its lungs with air, and with its first labored breath, was born into the world. 
“It’s alive!” Grady screamed. 
The creature jumped to its feet and boogied to the rhythm, dancing through the Windmill like a tornado, splintering wood and shattering glass to the music’s beat. 
“This can’t be happening,” Newton shouted over the ruckus, but the others pulled him back down behind the overturned table.
The disco rampage lasted for a few terrifying seconds until the record faded and the Crypto wound down like a toy soldier.
Susan brushed the plaster from her face. “It’s OK. I think he’s tuckered out.” 
The lights flickered on and off, then came back on for good. The kids pushed aside the debris and crawled out from their hiding places. They couldn’t believe what they’d just seen because what they’d just seen was unbelievable, but there the Crypto stood—alive. 
“Wow! He can really move!” Spider exclaimed.
“How is this possible?” Newton said.
“Don’tcha believe in the magic of DNA?” Susan asked.
“DNA is not magic, it is science,” Newton fired back.
“Sez you,” Susan chided. “DNA is like a recipe fer makin’ you and me, hain’t it? A pinch of adenine, a dash of thymine, a teaspoon of guanine, and cytosine added to taste. But all those organic molecules—all those ingredients—they only gets ya ninety-nine percent of the way there. Ya know what that other one percent is?”
Newton shook his head and waited for her to answer her own question.
“Well, neither do I,” Susan admitted, “and that’s why they call it magic.”
“Where’d ya learn all this stuff, anyway?” Drew asked.
“I been to school,” Susan said.
“Where?” Clementine asked. “Hogwarts?”
“Ha-ha. Very funny,” Susan said. “Went to Vanderbilt University fer a spell, I dropped out in…well, never mind what year I dropped out in.” 
“Wonder what other kinds of music he likes?” Drew asked.
Susan emptied her satchel onto the table. “Let’s find out.” 
“What are all those?” Clementine asked.
“These are records from my other husbands,” Susan said.
“How many husbands you had?” Clementine asked.
Susan started counting the fingers on her hand but ran out of fingers. “Honey, more than a few, and I ain’t done yet!”
* * *
They found that different rhythms evoked different reactions from the Crypto, so they’d have to be careful about what they played. A samba put him to sleep, while a polka enraged to him to the brink of violence. Fortunately, they pulled the plug before he did any more damage.
“Dude, he really gets down,” Grady said. “He’s jamphibious—he can dance to anything.”
“Yeah. If he can use his right hand as good as his left, he’ll be jambidextrous,” Spider said.
“Unless he’s jambivalent ’bout the whole thing,” Drew added.
“We should call him Jamphibian,” Newton said.
“Dude, that’s awesome!” Grady shouted.
“I like it,” Drew said. “Jamphibian just sounds cool. Whatcha think?”
There were no objections, so Jamphibian it was.
Newton pulled Drew aside while the others tried to teach Jamphibian some basic tricks, like some kind of oversized puppy. Lazy-Eye Susan’s magic—science—whatever—had solved one of their problems, but now they’d run into another. 
“I can’t find Transylvania Island on the map,” Newton said.
“Whatcha mean?” Drew asked. “Gotta be there…somewhere.”
“But it’s not, I looked. I found some sites for Phantasmagoria Studios,” Newton said, “but I can’t find the island on any map. It’s like they erased it somehow.”
“Can the Army do something like that? Just erase a whole big island from the whole Internet?” Drew asked.
“If they can’t, nobody can,” Newton said. “You ever hear of Area Fifty-One?”
“Yeah.” 
“Sure ya have,” Newton said. “But ya can’t find that on any map, either.”
“Then we gotta get Frost’s map,” Drew said. “Without it, we won’t know how to get there.” 
Clementine drifted over to remind them of the obvious. “He won’t just hand it over.” 
“Then we gotta take it,” Drew said.
“But how?” Newton asked.
Clementine showed them the old-fashioned skeleton key dangling from her necklace. “With this. Miss Burnside asked me to get some things for her from the office last week. She didn’t ask for the key back right away. Guess I just forgot about it.”
Newton gestured toward Jamphibian. “What do we do with him?”
Lazy-Eye Susan put her arm lovingly around the hulking brute. “Don’t y’all worry. I’ll baby-sit.”
CHAPTER 8
By six o’clock, the teachers had left for the day, leaving Bixby’s halls eerily empty. Not long after, Mr. Frost left the administrative office suite, locking the door behind him. 
Clementine hid in a door well, waiting for him to pass. She listened until his footsteps grew quiet and then stuck her head out to make sure he was gone. Once she was sure, she gave the signal.
Drew and Newton emerged from their hiding places on cue, tiptoeing down the hall toward the office. Clad in black, their faces painted in abstract monochrome patterns, they floated through the darkened hallway, slipping from one door well to another. 
“We look like tranny-militants,” Drew sighed.
 “It’ll work,” Newton assured him. He’d come up with the idea for the dazzle makeup from the book on WWII they’d looked at in Lazy-Eye Susan’s library. During the war, cargo ships used the abstract camouflage patterns to blend into the churning waves and avoid enemy detection.
“But we ain’t invisible,” Drew insisted.
“They might be able to see us, but they won’t be able to identify us on the security cameras. And that’s just as good for what we’re doing…like adding static to a TV signal.” 
That was the theory, anyway. Newton had already explained this on the way over, but Drew still had his doubts. “OK, I get the idea behind the makeup—even though we ain’t in the ocean—but why all the glitter?”
“No reason,” Newton said. “I just kinda like the way it sparkles—dazzle!” 
“Yo! Could ya stop with the jazz hands every time ya say ‘dazzle’?” Drew pleaded.
They came to a dead stop at the administrative office door. They’d replaced the old locks with keypads, rendering Clementine’s key useless.
“What now?” Drew whispered.
Newton tapped in five numbers and tried the handle. Nothing.
“Try again,” Drew said.
He guessed again. Nothing.
“Hurry up,” Drew snapped.
Newton thought for a moment and then tapped in five numbers and tried the handle again. The door swung wide open. 
“F-R-O-S-T,” Newton said. “What an egomaniac.”
* * *
Clementine checked her watch, wondering why they were taking so long. “We’re off to see the wizard, the wonderful…wait…who’s whistling?” 
The Vice-Principal appeared around the corner, walking back down the hall toward her.
“He’s comin’ back,” she gasped, and pulled back out of sight.
She got a text out just as he passed and retreated into the door well as far as she could. She closed her eyes and waited for him to turn and grab her, but he didn’t. Instead he just kept going, whistling that same annoying tune. 
Frost was about to punch in his code when the Principal stuck his head out of the classroom opposite the office, his hat and coat in hand.
Clementine exhaled. For once, she was actually glad to see the old man, though she wondered how they’d missed him in the first place. 
“Burning the midnight oil, Principal Hoyt?”
The Principal closed the door behind him and limped into the hallway. “No, I’m on my way out. Miss Burnside set off the sprinklers during class this afternoon. Just wanted to check the damage for myself before I call the district.”
“Yeah. Gal that size really shouldn’t wear corduroy pants.” 
Hoyt laughed. “Yeah, I saw her in a bathing suit from behind one time at a teacher’s retreat. I thought I was watching two manatees hugging.”
A few awkward seconds ticked by while each waited for the other to signal the conversation was over, so they stood there, smiling and clearing their throats until Hoyt took Frost by the arm. “Dick, I’ve been meaning to have a word with you about the special studies program.”
* * *
Drew got Clementine’s text, but didn’t read it. He knew they were in trouble—the silhouettes against the office door window told him so. 
“What do we do?” Newton asked.
“Be cool and just keep lookin’,” Drew whispered. He turned the latch on the window and tried lifting the sash, but it was no use; layers of paint accumulated over the years had formed an airtight seal as hard as concrete around the casing.
Newton flipped through the folders on the desk. “Wait…I think I got it.” 
“Well?” Drew whispered. “You got it or not?”
Newton stuffed the folder into his backpack. “Jackpot. I got the map.”
“Whatcha doin’ now?” Drew asked.
“Wait…there’s something else,” Newton said.
“What?” 
Newton quickly skimmed the thin folio’s pages. “It’s Dr. Camaro’s journal.”
“Who cares who he’s got a crush on?”
Newton waved the journal back and forth. “Not his diary, stupid. His experiment journal. Everything we’ll ever need to know about Enzyme Seven is probably in here.” 
* * *
“Right, but Superintendent Boggs covered all of that at the PTA meeting,” Frost said.
“Meeting? What meeting?” Hoyt asked. 
“The other night—Tuesday,” Frost said. “I’m sure Miss Croy put it on your calendar. Maybe it just slipped your mind?”
Hoyt rubbed his chin back and forth a few times, trying to remember if it had been on his calendar. Missing meetings wasn’t like him—at least it didn’t used to be like him. 
Frost tapped his watch, punctuating their conversation. “Sorry, Wilhelm, I have an appointment that I’m running late for. You’ll have to excuse me.” 
Hoyt lingered for a moment, not quite sure how to react. This was still his school after all—at least until the end of the year—and he wasn’t used to being dismissed like that. But that wasn’t the only thing about Frost that bothered him. It was a lot of little things of late, like the way he let the Zero Avenue kids out of detention without asking him, or the way Miss Croy fawned over him of late, or the fact that he wore wingtip shoes with no socks.
But it was late and he was tired, so instead of blowing the slight out of proportion, he lowered his brim and hobbled down the opposite end of the hall toward the exit. 
* * *
Halfway into the administrative offices, Mr. Frost came to a stop. “I must have punched the code in before that idiot came into the hallway,” he muttered.
The lights in his office were off, but the computer’s screen saver gave off enough ambient light to see by. He grabbed his coat from the rack. “I must have punched in the code.” 
He took a step and stopped. “Did I punch in the code?” 
Nothing in the room seemed out of place at first glance. The file cabinet’s top drawer was askew, not completely out, but not all the way in either. 
Maybe he forgot to close it the last time he used it. 
Or maybe…
He crept forward, folding his fingers into fists. “Fee-fi-fo-fum,” he whispered. “I smell the blood of a little punk kid.” 
“Gotcha!” he shouted, and lunged at the cabinet.
His clumsy tackle sent loose papers fluttering across the room like snowflakes, but there was nobody there.
“What a mess,” he groaned, rubbing his aching knee “But I can clean it up tomorrow. Right now, I need a drink.” He chalked up the episode to his imagination and closed the door behind him, making sure to lock it this time.
* * *
Drew and Newton were already outside and in full sprint when Clementine ran out from behind the hedges.
“You get it?” she asked, matching their pace.
Newton pointed to his backpack. “Got it.” 
Drew wiped the makeup from his face. “Let’s get outta here.” 
* * *
The knock at the Windmill door took Lazy-Eye Susan by surprise. She wasn’t expecting anybody, and nobody knew she was there. “Who could it be?” she wondered, peeking through the knothole. 
The decrepit postman stood outside the door on wobbly knees, wearing baggy trousers pulled up so high they looked like they were trying to eat him. “Delivery,” he announced, knocking again.
“My package,” she remembered, and swung open the door.
“Hello, little girl. I have a package for your mommy,” he said with a big, yellow grin. 
She rolled her eyes and forced a polite smile, just knowing that it was going to be one of those days.
“What on earth is that noise?” he asked, trying to make himself heard over the sound of crushing metal and splintering wood. He craned his neck for a better look, but she blocked his view. 
“My nephew,” Susan said.
Jamphibian sat at the table with his back to them, oblivious to their conversation. She’d cut a hole into the bandages where she thought his mouth was, and the big brute immediately started shoving things into it.
The postman handed her a pen. “Hmm…Used to be we’d take a boy like that and lock ’im up in the attic with a bucket of fish heads. But guess times have changed.” 
Susan smiled politely but said nothing and signed the receipt, shutting the door behind her. “So when’d yer folks let you out?” she muttered under her breath. “Dang. Wish I’d said that when he was still here.”
She tore the package open, and the records slipped out across the table. Arranging the albums chronologically was like tripping backward through time, the memories filling her with a kind of misty nostalgia. “My stars, I hain’t seen some of these in ages.” 
She shuffled through the collection until she found the album she wanted. She put the record on the platter, and for the first time in many years, the scratchy notes drifted through the ether. 
Pouring herself another a cup of tea, she sat opposite Jamphibian, wiping away bits of wood and metal fragments that sprayed from his mouth with each enormous bite he took. “My stars, you do have a healthy appetite—though yer table manners could stand some improvement.”
The dull drone of the electric current coursing through his body was the only reply, which was probably for the best. Like she told the kids, “It’s dormant ’til activated, and it’s activated by ’lectricity.” But what she didn’t tell them was that the same electricity could kill Enzyme Seven—modulated at the right frequency. Connected to the car battery by an extension cord, the umbilical was her lifeline, not Jamphibian’s.
She finished her tea and took his giant hand in hers, inviting him to follow. “Let’s just see how much soul ya really have up in ya.” 
He followed her lead, and they began to dance. 
“My, this does take me back,” she said, “I ’member first time I heard this song…seems like it was only yesterday. ’Member how it was? Just drivin’ ’round in the van and groovin’—’fore things got all messed up and complicated.”
Jamphibian’s tentative steps resonated with a thud that shook the Windmill’s foundation, but he’d get better with practice, she told herself. After all, he was still a baby in many ways, born just a few days ago.
“There’s somethin’ I need yer help with. These last few weeks I been seein’ terrible omens and portents. Somethin’ dreadful is near ’bout to happen, and I don’t think I can stop it. Fact is--I ain’t sure if’n I should even try—might do more harm than good if’n I do.”
Jamphibian’s errant clodhopping caught her foot, and she winced in pain. “My, my—you’re light on your feet. Just wish you was a little lighter on mine,” she said.
She stared into his heavily bandaged face, searching for any sign of awareness “Are ya really in there, Gulliver?”
* * *
“Where the hell am I?” Mr. Birdsong wondered.
The Igloo Ice Cream truck swerved wildly from side to side, almost crashing into a parked car and narrowly missing a telephone pole before he regained control of the wheel. 
“Man, I wish I had some aspirin,” he sighed. He checked the rearview mirror, taken aback by the gaunt, unshaven face staring back at him. This was his first day on job, he was already lost, and the xylophone rendition of “Pop Goes the Weasel” that was blaring out of his speakers bored into his brain like a drill bit. 
After being fired from the restaurant, he’d scored a gig with the ice-cream company at the last minute, his first real break in weeks. He was determined not to screw it up, but driving an Igloo truck meant meeting a quota, and for that, he needed customers. 
 “Four in the afternoon. Where are all the kids?” he wondered.
* * *
The Igloo Ice Cream truck rumbled across the overpass, and the Windmill’s tin roof vibrated in sympathy—every timber, every shingle resonating at the same frequency, turning the shack into a giant radio receiver and amplifying “Pop Goes the Weasel” until it drowned out the record playing inside.
Jamphibian writhed in agony, clamping his gigantic paws over the bandaged stumps that functioned as his ears. His reaction to the other songs ranged from lethargy to anger, but this was the worst Lazy-Eye Susan had seen him yet.
She backed away to a safe distance and thought about sending a surge through the umbilical, but decided against it. “That melody sure has put ya in a bad humor. Better crank up the record player to compensate.”
She reached for the volume knob but stumbled instead, yanking the plug out of the outlet and silencing the record. Now, “Pop Goes the Weasel” was all either of them could hear.
 “Oh no,” she muttered.
* * *
The Igloo truck crawled along Third Avenue, past boarded-up houses and vacant lots strangled by weeds, heckled by frothing mad pit bulls tied up behind chain-link fences. 
“I got a bad feeling about this,” Birdsong muttered, cranking the volume up. “Come on, kids, where you at?” 
He came to a stop at the next light and reflexively checked his rearview mirror—then checked again to make sure he wasn’t hallucinating. “Who is that?”
Jamphibian first appeared as a blurry dot in the distance, chewing up wide swathes of asphalt with each giant stride, getting closer and closer.
Birdsong started to get nervous. Someone had hijacked another Igloo truck the week before, pounding the driver’s face into hamburger during the stick-up. That very morning, the dispatcher had warned him before going out to be on the lookout for suspicious characters.
“Guess a guy running toward me wrapped in bloody bandages qualifies as suspicious,” he mumbled. 
He checked the light, and then checked the mirror again—back and forth—back and forth—waiting for the signal to turn green. 
By then Jamphibian was almost on him, stampeding toward the truck and trumpeting like an elephant. 
“Forget this!” Birdsong croaked, and hit the gas. 
Jamphibian charged toward the truck, obliterating anything in his path—cars crumpled like tin cans, windows shattered with each thundering step.
“Gotta put some distance between me and that guy!” Birdsong yelled. He mashed the pedal and checked the speedometer, but the truck topped out at sixty-one miles per hour. 
Birdsong jerked the wheel to the left and then back hard to the right, trying to shake him, but Jamphibian kept coming. He was so close now that Birdsong couldn’t see anything but the hulking brute in the rearview mirror.
“He’s almost on me!” Birdsong shrieked. 
The truck spun out and flipped over. Even with his seatbelt buckled up, Birdsong tumbled around the truck cab like a cat stuck in a dryer. His ordeal finally ended when the truck came to a grinding stop halfway across the intersection.
The music wound down and died, leaving the street quiet except for the chorus of car alarms going off up and down the street. 
Birdsong hung from his seatbelt parallel to the street, wiping the blood from his forehead. He unbuckled his seatbelt and fell flat against the asphalt. 
Crawling out of the wreckage through the shattered windshield, he limped to a safe distance just as the truck burst into flames.
“This is not good,” he muttered.
A second later the truck exploded like it’d been hit by a missile.
“And that’s even worse,” he griped, shielding his eyes from the raging fireball. “Hmm…who knew ice cream was so volatile.”
Jamphibian stood inert amid the smoke and rubble on the opposite side of the street. The maniacal compulsion that had prompted his rampage, now silenced.
Lazy-Eye Susan arrived gasping for air a few seconds later. “What have I done? I done ruined everythin’, daggummit!” 
She grabbed Jamphibian by the hand, and they beat it down a back alley. 
* * *
Molly Tuggle stepped daintily through the smoldering rubble, like a doe crossing a frozen pond, trying not to scuff her new shoes. 
“The ice-cream truck destroyed several million dollars worth of property during the apocalyptic rampage,” she explained to her audience with an earnest frown.
Spotting a grime-caked bystander wandering through the chaos, she gestured toward him with a tilt of her head, and her cameraman followed. The video jumped and skipped a few frames before stabilizing, and she jammed the microphone into the man’s flinty mug. 
“It was horrible. Wherever that truck went, death and destruction followed. I thought it was the end of the world. Like in the Bible…one of the four ice-cream trucks of the apocalypse.”
Molly shook her head. “That’s…not…a real thing.” 
“Whatever, Sally.”
“Molly,” she corrected him.
“Whatever, Molly. But as long as I live, I’ll never be able to get that song out of my head.” He hummed a few bars of “Pop Goes the Weasel” before breaking down into tears and being led away by the stern hand of the Red Cross worker. 
Jet engines roaring overhead drowned out Molly’s voice before she could close out the live feed. Distracted, she looked up into the sky, eyes bulging, lips pursed in anger. 
“When did Channel Four News get a jetpack?” she shouted.
“You’re still on,” her cameraman whispered.
She regained her composure and resumed her report. “Authorities are on the lookout for the two suspects and warn the public that they are to be considered armed and dangerous.” 
CHAPTER 9
The kids watched the breaking news on Newton’s tablet from inside the Windmill. Lazy-Eye Susan’s police composite sketch flashed across the screen first, followed by Jamphibian’s likeness immediately after. 
“Now what?” Clementine asked. “They won’t be showin’ up ’round here anytime soon. Bet half the city’s out there lookin’ for ’em!”
“Maybe that’s the way she planned it,” Grady said.
Drew looked at the others, but they didn’t know what Grady was talking about either.
“I looked up Gulliver Grimsby on the Internet,” he explained, handing them a printout. 
Drew looked at the page, then back at Grady. It was a screen capture from a newspaper archive dated December 21, 1969.
“Lower down—in the obituaries, under Grimsby,” Grady said.
Drew read the obituary out loud. “Gulliver Grimsby, New Age guru, folk musician, and spiritual leader of the Smiley Face Witches cult, died on Tuesday in Lancaster. He was fifty-four.”
They saw his picture beneath the notice, putting a face to the name for the first time.	 He wasn’t what Drew expected. He looked older than he was, his long, narrow face framed by white hair zigzagging out of his head like lightning bolts in every direction. But there was something powerful behind the eyes, a quiet magnetism that came across even through the picture.
Drew kept reading. “Grimsby, a biologist by training, became a hippie guru in his later years. His prophetic teachings included the idea of a New Age apocalypse, during which humanity would ascend to another level of consciousness through a process called quantum evolution…”
“Quantum evolution?” Spider repeated. “Where’d I—” 
“Frost’s biography page,” Clementine answered. “Sounds like he was tryin’ the same thing Frost is tryin’ now.”
“And remember that story Spider told us in the sewer,” Grady said, handing them another printout. “Even the craziest urban legend starts out being true somewhere.”
Drew skimmed the headline: “Smiley Face Witches Suspected in Disappearances of Local Kids.” The grainy photo beneath the headline looked familiar. She was much younger, like the pictures hanging from her parlor wall, but he was sure it was Lazy-Eye Susan.

“They snatched a buncha kids for the same reason Frost is usin’ kids now,” Grady said, “because Enzyme Seven don’t work on nobody else.”
“But why’d she help us now?” Drew asked.
“She didn’t help us—we helped her,” Grady said. “We gave her our DNA, and she turned it into a big meat suit so she could put Big Daddy Warlock’s soul, spirit, mojo—whatever—inside it.”
The evidence against her seemed damning, but Drew just couldn’t believe she’d betray them. But regardless of what her real motives were, Lazy-Eye Susan was gone, and Jamphibian with her. And their plan to wreck the demonstration on Transylvania Island didn’t make sense anymore. They had the map, but that was about all they had. 
“Hey, you guys—come over here,” Newton shouted.
They gathered around the table where he sat flipping through Dr. Camaro’s journal. “Listen to this,” Newton said. “Day One: Base dose of Enzyme Seven introduced. Electrochemical charge to trigger reaction delivered.”
“What’s that mean?” Spider asked.
“They picked who they wanted and gave them a jolt of electricity to start things off,” Newton explained. 
“Just like Miss Susan told us,” Drew said, checking to make sure Grady was paying attention. 
Newton turned back to the journal. “Day Five: Changes in subject morphology already apparent. Mutations developing at accelerated rate.” 
“That means they startin’ to change by the fifth day, right?” Clementine asked.
Newton nodded and skipped ahead a few pages. “Day Seven: Enzyme Seven transition complete. Virus activating dormant DNA sequences according to taxonomy profile.”
“Dude, what does that mean?” Grady asked.
Newton scratched his head. “I think it means that Enzyme Seven is using some part of our DNA that’s already inside us, using it to make the changes.”
“How?” Spider asked.
“Don’t know,” Newton confessed. “But remember what Lazy-Eye Susan told us? About DNA being a recipe? Guess if you know how to mix the ingredients, you can make up any kind of dish you want—make up any kind of thing you want.”
“Keep readin’,” Clementine said.
 He turned the page. “Day Eleven: Subjects’ physical attributes enhanced beyond expectations. Average strength increase eight hundred percent. Agility and endurance scores up four hundred percent.” 
“They got stronger and faster, but we already knew that,” Grady said.
Newton nodded. “Day Seventeen: Subjects developing unusual tics and tremors. Recommend adding….”
“Wait…go back,” Drew said. “Sounds like they gettin’ sick or somethin’.”
“There’s more about that here,” Newton said. “Day Thirty-Two: Subjects growing listless. Engaging in obsessive-compulsive behavior.”
“Same thing’s been happenin’ to Romeo,” Clementine said. “He’s movin’ back and forth, doin’ the same thing over and over again.”
“Day Forty-Three: Reflexes are down two percent from benchmarks established during testing. Cognitive functioning down three percent from previous benchmark. Further tests suggest degradation in subjects is irreversible,” Newton said, closing the journal. “And that’s where it ends.” 
They looked at each other, not sure how to react to what they’d just heard. The journal entries were proof of what was happening, but they didn’t need proof. They’d seen the changes for themselves. Yet, somehow reading the cold, detached text aloud brought the full weight of the situation crashing down onto their shoulders.
“You guys, come over here!” Grady shouted.
They found him hunched over the table with his face pressed against one of the cages. 
“What happened to Romeo?” Clementine asked.
* * *
They buried Romeo just outside of the Windmill in a bare patch where wildflowers bloomed every spring. It was a choice plot, bathed by the rising sun every morning and covered in shade by midafternoon. 
Spider made a tombstone out of an old DVD and stuck it halfway into the soil. He wrote Romeo’s name across the shiny surface in big, bold letters with a permanent marker.
Newton took Juliet out and put her down next to the grave so she could say good-bye. She sniffed around, her pink nose twitching, but whether she understood what was going on, only she knew. 
Clementine said a few words in Romeo’s memory, and they bowed their heads to pay their last respects. Nobody else said anything for a long time, but they all knew what his death meant. 
Harley’s time was running out.
* * *
Miss Croy had her coat on and was halfway out of the door when the phone buzzed. She looked at the phone and checked her watch, trying to decide whether to answer it before her conscience kicked in.
“Yeah…Uh-huh. Can’t it wait? I’m running late…I have a date.” 
There was a long pause before Principal Hoyt buzzed her back and spoke again. “I didn’t know you were seeing anyone.” 
“For a while I was seeing Abraham Lincoln everywhere, but then the meds kicked in.”
He didn’t laugh at her little joke, and there was another long pause before he spoke again. “Please come to my office.”
* * *
She entered the office with a courtesy knock and found him hunched over his desk. “Miss Croy, do you know anything about this account statement?” 
Her face went white upon recognizing the bank logo. She reached for the statement, but Hoyt pulled it back. “Sorry, that was supposed to go to Mr. Frost,” she said.
“There’s a lot of money being moved around,” he said. “I thought that any transfer of funds required my signature.” 
“That’s right,” she said. She went around to his side of the desk and pulled up the bank account on his screen. “See, that’s your signature…right—there.”
Hoyt studied the scanned checks for a minute. She was right. It was his signature, but he didn’t remember signing anything.
She logged out of the account. “There’s been a lot of paperwork flying across your desk these last few weeks. Maybe you just forgot.”
“I didn’t forget!” he said, raising his voice before lowering it again. “I mean…I don’t remember forgetting.”
She reached for the statement again, and this time got it, tearing it from his hand. “Principal Hoyt, there’s no use getting agitated over these little things. I’ll take care of them for you.”
She turned to leave, but stopped before she reached the door. “Are sure you’re feeling all right?” she asked.
“Yeah,” he said. “Why do you ask?”
“Because you’re shivering.” 
“No, it’s just that it’s so cold in here,” he said. “You gotta do something about the thermostat.”
“Yesterday it was too hot. The day before it was too cold. Are you sure you’re OK? I mean, my grandfather was about your age when started to hallucinate and—”
“Just get the thermostat fixed!”
She gave him a moment to calm down before trying again. “Maybe you should see Dr. Camaro…you know, just to talk.”
“Just…tell the janitor to fix it,” he said, lowering his voice.
She gave him a patronizing smile and slung her purse over her shoulder on her way out, closing the door behind her.
* * *
Like every other room in the school’s west wing, Room 113 was locked at all times. A private security team arrived on the day the special studies grant was awarded and replaced the locks with keypads. They’d also installed security cameras the same day at strategic locations throughout the school so nobody could get in or out without logging in or being seen. 
Principal Hoyt didn’t think much about the added security at first, but he’d started to wonder since his talk with Drew. 
He’d raised his concerns with Vice-Principal Frost a few days before but didn’t get anywhere. “I thought separating the special studies students from the others was for the best,” Frost had told him. “This will let them advance at their own pace, free of peer pressure.”
What he’d said made sense, of course, but whenever Hoyt tried to get more specific about the program’s status, Frost became oddly evasive, so he didn’t press. Besides, the Superintendent was eager to cooperate, and the school really needed the money and the infrastructure repairs the grant provided. 
The Old Man passed by the west wing on his way out, as he did every night, his soles scuffing against the checkerboard linoleum floor. The lights were off, leaving the long hallway dark and quiet, and for the first time in all the long years he’d been at Bixby, he was overcome by how strange and unfamiliar everything appeared when no one else was around. 
“It’s that kid, Drew,” Hoyt fumed. “He put this idea into my head.”
But it was more than that. During the last few weeks, he’d seen strange shadows moving through the west wing late at night, long after the students and teachers had gone, appearing and then disappearing without a trace. Unnatural sounds echoed through the pipes, seemingly coming from nowhere and then abruptly falling silent with no explanation. He’d dismissed the phenomena as the oddities of an old, eccentric building and the imagination of an old, eccentric man, but lately he’d begun to doubt that explanation.
The night janitor dragged the vacuum back and forth across the worn and frayed carpet at the school’s common area, stopping occasionally to pick up the bits too big for the machine to handle. He smiled and nodded to Hoyt in polite acknowledgement.
Hoyt grumbled something that sounded like “good evening,” tipping his hat without lifting his head, and limped toward the exit. 
“This is nonsense,” he growled. “Just my imagination running away with me.” He buttoned the top button of his coat and pushed through the door. 
He was back a minute later, swearing under his breath. “That little punk has got me all paranoid. Wait ’til I get my hands on him!”
He hobbled down the hall, hanging a sharp left, his anger at his own gullibility growing with each step, and by the time he got to Room 113, he was apoplectic with rage.
He punched in his key code and jerked the handle.
The door didn’t open. 
He took a deep breath to calm himself and tried again, taking his time to make sure he pressed the buttons all the way down. Nothing.
“I’m sure I got the right numbers,” he muttered. “Maybe they changed the codes. There’s a lot of valuable equipment in there. They probably had something stolen. Yeah, that must be it.”
He turned and headed the other direction, though he wasn’t quite ready to leave yet.
* * *
The Principal followed the lights strung up along the sewer tunnel, sloshing through the stagnant, ankle-high water and cursing under his breath. “That kid…wait ’til I get my hands on him.” 
He pushed through the muck until he came to the sewer’s four-way junction. 
“That hatch doesn’t belong here,” he muttered. “Wasn’t here the last time I was down here, anyway. How long ago was that?” 
He came up with a dozen perfectly rational explanations why it might be there, but he didn’t buy any of them. Instead, he kept coming back to Drew’s story and the seed of suspicion that he’d planted—which by now had blossomed into full-fledged paranoia. 
“Don’t suppose I’ll be able to sleep tonight unless I find out what’s on the other side of this hatch,” he said. So he pulled his leg up after him and gave the handle a turn.
* * *
Romeo’s death put Harley’s dilemma into sharp focus and strengthened their resolve—at least that’s what Drew thought would happen. Instead, he had to make promises and concessions like a politician until he finally convinced the others to follow through with the plan—up to the part where they got to the island, anyway. They weren’t sure what they would do once they got there. They just knew that doing something was better than doing nothing. 
The others were waiting for him in front of the Windmill when he pulled up on his bike. He lowered the Stingray’s kickstand, trying his best not to laugh.
“So whatcha think? Clementine asked.
Each of them had sacrificed for the cause, letting Newton spray-paint their hoodies with the dazzle camouflage pattern he was so convinced would work.
“If we run into a buncha choreographers that wanna dance-battle, we’re good,” Drew said, turning toward the Windmill.
“Hey. Hey, what’s with the jacket?” Spider asked.
Newton looked down at the hoodie tied around his waist. “Whatcha mean?”
“Looks like a cape for your butt,” Spider said.
“Shut up. Hey, did we leave the lights on?” Clementine asked.
“Don’t think so,” Drew said, but the truth was that he didn’t remember. “But maybe…”
“Maybe what?” Newton asked. 
“Maybe she got away!” Drew said. “Maybe she outsmarted everybody out lookin’ for her!”
Maybe he was right. Lazy-Eye Susan was smarter than almost anyone they knew. Maybe she was smart enough to avoid the cops and everyone else in the city that was looking for her. Maybe she was keeping Jamphibian hidden away until it was safe to come out, and maybe she’d somehow made it back to the Windmill in time to launch their plan into action. 
The kids burst through the door, their spirits lifted by the thought that Lazy-Eye Susan had gotten away—but their enthusiasm didn’t last. 
Drew slid to stop a few steps in, the others slamming into him one after another like billiard balls. “Old Man Hoyt!” 
“The door wasn’t locked, so I let myself in,” Hoyt said, rising to his feet.
It took a minute for the shock to wear off, but when it finally did, Drew had only one question: “How’d ya find us?” 
Hoyt cleared his throat. “Word on the street was—” 
Drew cut him off before he could finish. “Word on the street? What street was it that you live on again?”
“Apple Blossom Lane,” Hoyt mumbled under his breath.
He meandered through the interior, stopping every few feet to pick something up, just to put it back down again. The Old Man seemed anxious, like he didn’t quite know what to do with his hands. 
“Don’t mess with that!” Drew screeched.
Hoyt looked at Drew and then at the vial he’d absentmindedly grabbed. “What is it? Mercury?”
“Better ya don’t know what it is,” Drew said. He took the lightning-in-a-bottle from him, and tucked it into his pocket for safekeeping. “So whatcha want?” 
Hoyt took a deep breath and told them everything--what he knew, what he suspected, and what he feared. He talked and they listened. 
“I thought I was going crazy for a while. But it was her—Miss Croy—trying to keep me off-balance so I wouldn’t dig into what they were doing. Raising the temperature…then lowering it. Forging my signature. Making me think that I was losing my mind, that all this was just my imagination.”
“We tried to tell ya,” Drew said.
Hoyt wiped his eyes with his sleeve. “I know. I’ve been asleep at the wheel, running out the clock ’til retirement. But I gotta do something to fix this. You gotta tell me what you know.”
Seeing him break down wasn’t easy, and they felt a little ashamed of themselves. Maybe they owed him one for all the grief they’d given him through the years. 
Maybe they could help each other.
They turned their backs to him and huddled together. They went back and forth, voices rising and lowering. Every once in a while, one of them would look back at him and either nod their head yes or shake their head no. This went on for a few minutes until they broke the huddle and turned to face him.
“We can help you…but we can’t tell ya what we know, we gotta show you. But we want somethin’ back,” Drew said. “We do you a favor, but we get a favor back later.”
Hoyt looked them in the eye, measuring the depth of their resolve. Kids growing up in this section of town had a hard outer crust, built up like a scab from the constant scraping against the neighborhood’s hard asphalt. He knew they wouldn’t give up the information, no matter how much he threatened them. 
What else could he do? He reluctantly agreed to their terms.
They’d seen him as the enemy for so long that it was hard to imagine him now as an ally, but they shook hands, and the unlikely pact was struck. 
Hoyt stepped back, trying to stay out of their way while they gathered what they needed. “So, what’s the plan?”
“First, we gotta do something about your clothes,” Clementine said, looking him up and down. “You’re gonna stick out like a sore thumb wearin’ that trench coat.” 
Hoyt opened his coat, revealing camo fatigues. “I got it covered.”
“You was a soldier?” Grady asked. “Which side, North or South?”
The Old Man ignored the jab and pointed to his leg. “How do ya think I got this limp?” 
The more they learned about him, the more they realized they really didn’t know anything about him. In that moment of somber self-reflection and quiet contemplation, Newton turned around with a thick coating of dazzle makeup spackled onto his face. 
“Who’s ready for some dazzle?” he asked, and they all cracked up.
CHAPTER 10
The cab rattled to a stop near a jetty on the lonely, mist-shrouded docks. Across the bay, the shop lights glowed red, green, and orange, like a Christmas tree, while on the near side, the drabness of the dock houses reminded them of the port’s faded industrial past. 
They tried their best to convince the Old Man to put on the makeup during the ride over, but he wasn’t having any of it, deciding to play it straight. He paid the cabbie, and the kids climbed out of the taxi and unpacked their gear. 
The gruff cabbie was unfazed by their appearance, but he did take offense at Hoyt’s tip. “Halloween brings out all the freaks,” he muttered, and drove away. 
“What now?” Drew asked. 
All eyes turned to Newton for an answer. 
“What now?” Newton repeated. “I don’t know.”
“Whatcha mean?” Spider asked.
“I mean…I don’t know,” Newton said. 
Clementine snatched the map from his grasp. “Let me see that. Wait. This map only says how to get to the pier, not how to get to the island.”
Their accusing stares put Newton on the defensive. “I assumed there’d be a boat or something here.” 
“You’re an idiot!” Clementine fumed. 
They started arguing back and forth, each of them blaming the other for the jam they now found themselves in. 
The Old Man watched the spat from the sidelines until he’d had enough. He ended the bickering with a shrill finger-whistle. “What about the bell?” he asked calmly.
Drew looked at him like he was crazy. “What bell?”
“The one at the end of the pier,” Hoyt said.
He was right. A tarnished brass bell hung from a post at the end of the pier, chiming in the breeze.
“Maybe you ring the bell and you get service, like at a hotel or something,” Hoyt said, though even he realized how stupid it sounded.
Clementine volunteered Newton for the duty, shoving him forward with her shoulder. Newton took the hint and made the long, slow walk to the end of the pier. 
“Dead man walkin’,” Spider joked, but Clementine shut him up with an elbow to the gut.
Grabbing the strap with a nervous hand, Newton rang the bell three times, each sharp clang echoing across the bay loud enough to make them cover their ears.
After the echo faded they turned to face each other once more.
“Guess we wait,” Clementine said.
* * *
A few minutes passed, and the only response was the rhythmic lapping of water against the pier. Something was wrong. They weren’t sure what was supposed to happen next, but they were sure nothing was happening now. 
“What was I thinking?” Hoyt grumbled. “I’m a grown man. I should know better. I put my pension in the hands of a bunch of ten year olds when I shoulda called the—”
“Wait! What’s that?” Clementine shouted, pointing across the bay. 
A profile formed from out of the mist, taking shape and definition, separating itself from the darkness in the middle of the black water. 
“Yeah. Yeah, it’s a boat or somethin’,” Spider said.
The barge floated toward them in eerie silence, the Boatman pushing the craft methodically across the channel with a barge pole.
The craft landed against the pier, and the Boatman extended a skeletal hand toward them, his face hidden by a hooded cloak knotted around his neck with a length of frayed rope.
“I withdraw my objection,” Hoyt mumbled.
They pushed forward, ready to climb aboard, but Newton threw his arms out, holding them back, and said the kind of thing that only he would say; “Beware the ferryman who guides the dead across the river Styx to the netherworld.”
The Boatman pulled his hood back to reveal a horrific, grinning countenance, the flesh stripped from his bleached skull.
The kids recoiled in horror. They’d seen a lot of strange things the last few days, but this was by far the strangest. Coming face to face with this abomination tested their nerve more than any of the trials they’d faced. And then the Boatman sneezed. 
“Allergies,” he apologized. He pulled his mask back and adjusted his glasses, greeting them with a bemused grin. “Hello, Principal Hoyt, kids.”
“B-b-birdsong?” Hoyt stammered. “What the…”
“True story,” Birdsong said. “During my senior year in high school, I was voted most likely to become the ferryman that guides the souls of the dead to the netherworld.” 
His joke fell flat and only confused the kids even more. 
“Naw, I’m just messin’ with ya,” Birdsong chuckled uncomfortably. “I’m headed to a Halloween party after my shift is over.”
He could tell by the looks on their faces that they had a lot of questions. So he explained about being fired from the restaurant, being fired by the ice-cream company, and being fired from a few more places along the way.
“Of course, I also got fired from Bixby,” he reminded them, forcing still another uncomfortable laugh, which seemed to be the only kind he was capable of producing.
They waited for the awkwardness to boil away before Birdsong spoke up again. “So I guess you’re headed to the island?”
“You know where it is?” Hoyt asked.
“That’s my route. Back and forth, back and forth, for the last few days. You wouldn’t believe the people I’m meeting—generals, senators, scientists. Lotsa networking opportunities if you’re lookin’ for a job-- But not me. I got this sweet gig right here.”

They started loading up their gear when Drew grabbed Old Man Hoyt by the arm and pulled him aside. “Remember that favor you owe us?” 
Hoyt looked at Birdsong and knew right away what Drew was thinking. “Yeah, I remember,” he grumbled.
* * *
Drew broke the surface gasping for air, coughing up the brackish water he’d swallowed when he hit the waves with a crash. He looked around but didn’t see any sign of the others—not that he could see very far in the fog anyway. Calling out to them brought no reply, so he swam forward until he could feel the shore beneath his feet and collapsed in the sand.
He’d hit his head pretty hard when the barge broke up on the rocks. He could barely keep his balance because of the double vision, but he struggled to his feet and walked farther up the beach through the thickening mist.
“Where’s everybody at?” he wondered.
He emerged from the fog, but stopped in midstep. Somewhere along the way, the sand beneath his feet had given way to wooden planks. 
He looked out over the edge of the deck into the pitch-black emptiness, but couldn’t see the ground below. “How’d I get up this high?” he wondered, easing back from the edge.
He turned and headed back the way he came, but he started getting dizzy.
Muddy footprints ran across the deck in every direction, turning, twisting, and overlapping each other. Whatever had happened, had been chaotic, confused. 
“Musta been a fight,” Drew decided. 
He stepped carefully through the empty shell casings littering the scorched deck, toward the still smoldering pyre just ahead of him.
“What are those? Bodies?” Drew asked, “They look like…”
He recognized the dazzle-camouflaged hoodies and fell to his knees. “Clem—Grady—Newt--Spider,” he repeated in memoriam. “My fault—my fault. Ya wouldn’t have come if I hadn’t convinced ya.” 
Something warm and salty trickled into the corner of his mouth. He dabbed his fingers in it. Blood.
His head snapped toward movement in his periphery. Alien shapes separated themselves from the mist, coming at him from nowhere—from everywhere. 
“Cryptos,” he uttered in resignation. 
There were six of them, spacing themselves so he could only face one of them at a time. They crept forward, coming so close that he could feel their hot, rancid breath on his face. 
There was no use in running, because there was nowhere to run to. 
“Go ’head and start swellin’ up now,” he said, putting his hands up to fight. “That way ya don’t have to wait for me to actually hit ya.” 
But he never got a chance to back up his boast. 
At first he thought she was a trick of the light or a figment of his imagination triggered by his concussion. She appeared from out of nowhere, standing between him and the encroaching Cryptos. She was pale, almost colorless, except for a birthmark that divided her face into equal halves. 
The little girl tugged at his hand, and he knelt down. She leaned in and whispered in his ear…
* * *
“Wake up!” Clementine shouted.
Drew awoke on the island’s lonely shore, hacking water out of his lungs. 
“Wake up!” Clementine repeated.
“What happened?” Drew asked.
“We hit a rock,” Newton said. “The barge sunk. Guess you musta hit your head or something.”
Drew had never been happier to see their faces than at that moment. He tried to get up but couldn’t, and he fell back down again, sinking into the wet sand. “Where’s the little girl?”
Newton looked at Clementine, who had the same worried look on her face that he did. “What’s he talkin’ about?” she asked.
“Dunno,” Newton said. “But he cracked his head wide open. Maybe he’s got a concussion.”
Mr. Birdsong took Old Man Hoyt aside for a word in private. “There’s a dock on the other side of the island,” Birdsong said. “They keep a motorboat moored there for emergencies. I’ll make my way along the shore and try to make it back here by midnight.” 
“Yeah, you do that,” Hoyt said.
“This might not be the best time for this,” Birdsong said, reaching into his robe, “but I’d appreciate it if you’d fill out this customer satisfaction survey for me.” He handed Hoyt the soggy card and started for the boathouse.
They watched Birdsong walk along the coast until he disappeared into the mist, leaving them alone beneath the pale moon.
Newton took inventory of the remaining equipment while the others salvaged as much gear as they could from the wreckage. “We lost the potato gun, and the bottle rockets got soaked. Anybody got a phone that still works?”
With no working phones, they were stranded—at least until Birdsong came back from the other side of the island with help. 
“Ouch!” Drew winced. “Not so tight!’
The Old Man finished tying the bandana around Drew’s head and helped him to his feet. “The bleeding’s stopped, but we gotta get you to a doctor as soon as possible.”
“Naw, I’m good,” Drew insisted, pushing his hands away.
“Don’t be a hero,” Hoyt said.
“I been hurt worse than this on the playground during recess,” Drew bragged.
Lightning flashed against the horizon, followed by a deep bass chord of thunder. Behind them, a formation of ominous black clouds rolled in from the west 
“The storm looks like it’s headed our way,” Hoyt said, “better get moving.”
“Yeah, but which way do we go?” Clementine asked.
Newton surveyed the somber landscape, searching for landmarks and checking them against the map.  
“Well?” Clementine asked. “Which way?”
“We go that way,” Newton decided.
* * *
They trudged silently toward the interior of the island, around dead and dying trees, across gargantuan craters, and over bleached soil, as if crossing the surface of some haunted moon. Dreadful moans and howls echoed all around them, and the eerie eyes of unknown predators watched their every move from beyond the foreboding tree line.
“Place sure is spooky,” Spider said.
“Yeah,” Grady agreed. “Feels like we’re being watched.”
They’d walked for some distance in silence when Drew decided there was something he had to say. “Principal Hoyt…”
“Yeah?”
“Sorry about the water tower.” 
Hoyt didn’t respond for a while, and Drew thought that maybe he hadn’t heard what he said. But just as he was about to repeat it, the Old Man spoke up. “The Boy Scouts used to give a merit badge for missilery. But they don’t anymore, and I’m the reason why.”
“Missilery? What’s that?” Newton asked.
“Guess you’d call it model rocketry today,” Hoyt said.
“What happened?” Clementine asked.
“When I was a kid—about your age, I guess—I was eager to get my merit badge,” he said. “Built myself a model rocket from a kit I saved up for. Sent away for it from the back of a comic book. Do kids still read comic books?” 
“Sure we do,” Clementine said.
“Yeah…Anyway…Like I said, I was eager, so I packed my rocket with fuel, more than the directions said to use—a lot more,” Hoyt continued. 
“Hey. Hey, like the M-Eight-Hundred we put in the Groovejet,” Spider said.
“Yeah…maybe,” Hoyt admitted. “Anyway, the rocket launched like it was supposed to…but went sideways instead of up. Flew across the pasture to the next farm over. Burned down their barn.” 
“Wow!” Grady exclaimed. “Dude, you were like us—exactly like us.”
Hoyt shrugged off the comparison. “Yeah—maybe…except that I was cool.” 
His confession was as close as he’d ever get to accepting their apology, matching their screw-up with one of his own and somehow evening the score. 
Drew smiled and took comfort in the thought that being a kid hadn’t changed much from when the Old Man was a boy. Of course, Hoyt was much younger then and much older now, but the principle was the same, even if the Principal was not. 
Clementine skipped to a stop in front of him. “Whoa! Did ya see that?”
The pinpoint light streaked across the horizon before flaring briefly and then fading away to nothing. 
“A shooting star,” Grady said.
“That’s a good sign, ain’t it?” Spider wondered.
“Not if it’s a plane that’s crashing,” Newton said.
“Always follow your shooting star,” Hoyt hummed.
His off-key crooning caught them by surprise, and they had to listen for a second before they realized it was coming from him.
“You been drinkin’, Mr. Hoyt?” Newton asked.
“What? No. Just a song I remember,” Hoyt said.
“Wait. Anybody else hear music?” Drew asked. 
Newton made his duh face. “Yeah, Old Man—I mean, Principal Hoyt was just…”
“No,” Drew insisted. “Listen.”
Spider listened for a moment. “I don’t hear nothin’—nothin’ at all.” 
“Me neither,” Clementine said.
But Drew ran toward the sound, getting farther and farther away from them until the fog swallowed him and he disappeared from sight. 
“Where’d he go?” Grady asked.
The others listened for a while longer. The notes were faint and muffled, but Drew was right, it was music.
Spider pointed to the spot where Drew had disappeared. “It’s coming from over here.” 
“Stay close,” Hoyt warned. “We don’t wanna get lost in the fog!” But they ignored him, just like they did in school, and ran off anyway.
The music grew louder and louder until the bass boomed like thunder. Multicolored points of light faded into view one at a time, like stars falling from the sky, getting brighter with each step forward. Emerging from the fog one by one, they found Drew waiting for them. 
“We’re here,” Drew said.
The wind shifted and the mist dissipated, and they found themselves standing in front of the Transylvania Island Theme Park gates.
* * *
The Cryptos appeared at the edge of the plaza, using the abandoned concession stands as cover. They slipped past the rusted-out dumpsters headed for the crowded midway, sloshing through reflective black puddles that rippled out in concentric circles with each giant step they took. 
Soldiers and civilians milled about the old midway amid the neon lights that dangled like jewelry from the antique rides, oblivious to what was stalking them.
Tusk chuffed, signaling the rest of the carnivorous pack to pause. He sniffed the air, his senses triggered by a shift in the wind, ravenous eyes glowing red in the dark.
The crowd meandered, unconcerned and unaware. 
Fangs bared—sinews tightened—pupils dilated. The Cryptos charged out of the shadows, swarming across the midway in force.
Screams—confusion—and then panic. The crowd scattered, running for their lives. 
Tusk’s spiny tail uncoiled, whiplashing General Hyde across the midway. By the time the grizzled soldier hit the pavement, he knew that any prayers uttered in his last terrified moments would go unanswered.
But then, everything stopped, and the stuntman pulled off his mask. “Damn it. I can’t see a thing in this thing!” 
A tuxedo-clad Frost pushed his way through the stuntmen to help Hyde to his feet. “Sorry about that, General. We’re still rehearsing some of the shots.”
“Nice tux,” Hyde said, dusting his uniform off. “What the hell is going on?” 
“The cover story,” Frost reminded him. “The low-budget movie. These stuntmen are doubling for the Cryptos in some of the shots.” 
“You mean you’re really shooting the movie?” Hyde asked.
“Why waste the opportunity? This way we’ll have something to show the VIPs who couldn’t be here tonight. A kind of a coming attractions reel.”
The stuntman cleared his throat, trying to get Frost’s attention. “The mask rides up when I’m walking,” he complained, his doughy face dripping with sweat. “The eyeholes are up around my forehead, and I can’t see.” 
Frost took the mask and put it on to see for himself. “The makeup guy really did a crackerjack job on these.” He handed the mask back to the disgruntled stuntman. “You’ll just have to make do. This is a low-budget picture after all.” 
The stuntman mumbled something under his breath and staggered back toward the others.
“And tell the director I wanna see him!” Frost yelled. “He has to make sure he stays out of the way of our test!”
General Hyde gave the crowd the once-over, surprised to see such an eclectic mix of personalities. “You sure ya didn’t go a little overboard with the showbiz…business?”
“We invited as many VIPs to the party as we could,” Frost said. “Defense contractors, a handful of senators and congressmen—you know, the usual suspects.”
“How many of them know what’s really going on tonight?” Hyde asked.
“Only a select handful,” Frost said. “The rest think we’re here really filming a movie.” 
Hyde followed Frost through the midway toward the crater rim. He’d been briefed as each project milestone was achieved, but he hadn’t visited the site since their flyover. 
Frost stopped at the crater’s rim, spinning on his heel to unveil the site like a circus ringmaster addressing the audience at center ring. “Ladies and gentlemen, children of all ages, welcome to Cryptoville.” 
“My God,” Hyde muttered. “It looks like the devil’s own snow globe.” 
Bolted together with scrap metal scavenged from the park’s derelict rides and attractions, the maze erupted from the concrete base at impossible angles, the labyrinth’s hyperbolic geometry protected by a translucent dome covering the majority of the crater.
“Cryptoville is a self-contained training environment,” Frost said. “Because this is the prototype, we cannibalized the park’s existing infrastructure to save time and money. It’s not done yet, but you get the idea.”
Frost began to leave, but soon realized Hyde wasn’t following him anymore. The General lingered behind, suddenly reticent.
Frost didn’t panic; he’d been expecting this. Despite his bluster, Hyde was more bureaucrat than soldier, and bold decisions didn’t come easy for him. 
He gave the General time to hash things out for himself before approaching him. Frost put his arm around Hyde’s shoulder like they were old school chums. “General, we’re on the brink of ensuring American military superiority for decades.”
“Decades,” Hyde repeated, as if trying to convince himself.
Frost looked from side to side to make sure no one else was listening and then went in for the kill. “And a project like this will look good on a man’s resume—perhaps an ambitious man who might have political aspirations one day.” 
An awkward silence followed, and Frost considered whether he’d gone too far. Then General Hyde smiled and started to laugh, and all was forgiven. 
* * *
They lay across the ground hidden in the tall grass, the earthy sweetness of the wildflowers almost overpowering them. Spotlights swept the sky, and K-9 units prowled the barbed wire perimeter, so they timed their movements accordingly, crawl—stop—crawl—stop, until they were as close to the action as they dared to get.
Drew looked through the binoculars but didn’t really need to. Even from this distance, Cryptoville dominated their view. “That’s our project. Frost took our design and built it!”
“Makes sense,” Newton said. “Remember how he trained the mice? Betcha he’s been trainin’ the Cryptos the same way—using the traps we came up with—with reward and punishment, just like he did with Romeo and Juliet.”
“Look at the size of it,” Hoyt muttered. “They musta spent millions on that monstrosity alone.”
“Anybody hear what they’re sayin’?” Drew asked.
“No. We gotta get closer,” Clementine said.
They started crawling forward when Newton threw out his arms and stopped them.
“Wait,” Newton said. “I can read lips.”
They all groaned at once, and let him have it, pummeling him without mercy.
“Well, I can,” Newton insisted.
“Break it up. Break it up,” Hoyt whispered. “Remember why we’re here.”
“He’s right,” Drew said. “Let’s stick to the plan.”
At that moment, lying in the grass, they realized they didn’t have a plan. Their whole focus had been getting in, and now that they were in, they weren’t quite sure what to do next.
“Okay, okay…I know just what to do,” Newton said. “I saw some driftwood along the path we came. We’ll get as much of that as we can carry. We’ll build a giant horse out of the wood and hide inside it. When the guards—”
Clementine clamped her hand over his mouth. “Just shut up.”
“This is big—too big for us,” Hoyt said. “We need to get help.” 
Grady couldn’t believe what he was hearing. “Dude, come on, you were in the Army…”
“Marines, actually,” Hoyt said, a queasy smile coming over his face.
“Right, Marines. You were even wounded in action. That’s hardcore, bro,” Grady said.
The Old Man’s sudden reluctance took them by surprise. Though he’d had the limp as long as they’d known him, nobody could remember hearing a single story of how he’d been injured, which now seemed strange in retrospect. 
“How’d you hurt your leg, anyway?” Newton asked.
Hoyt swallowed hard. “Yeah…Actually…there’s a funny story about that.”
Newton pressed him. “What happened?”
“The USO…”
“USO? What’s that?” Spider asked.
“The USO provides entertainment for the troops, puts on shows, stuff like that,” Hoyt said. “Anyway, there was this dance contest—” 
“A dance contest?” Clementine said, her voice growing shrill. “You got hurt during a dance contest?”
“Listen, missy,” Hoyt said, tapping his leg. “I gotta wear corrective shoes to this very day!”
Clementine’s eyes rolled back into her head. “Oh boy! Maybe we should get help.”
“From who?” Drew asked. “We got no proof.”
The Old Man hated to admit it, but Drew was right. If the test was successful, Frost might decide to move his operation somewhere out of reach. They had to strike now. “OK, OK…I’ll create a diversion,” Hoyt said. “You guys try to find Harley and the others.”
“What kind of diversion?” Newton asked.
Hoyt shook his head. “Not sure yet, but you’ll know it when it happens. You go that way, I’ll go this way. We meet at midnight back where we washed ashore—regardless of what happens. That should be enough time for that idiot Birdsong to make it back with the speedboat.” 
CHAPTER 11
Frost led Hyde through Mission Control’s mobile computer stations, built into flatbed trucks parked around the crater’s perimeter. Fiber-optic cables networked the terminals, which glowed by the light of their multicolor screens and might have been festive under other circumstances. 
“Every squad is controlled by a five-man tactical team,” Frost said. “Using these mobile stations, data is streamed in real-time, allowing the teams to control and adjust performance as needed through reward-punishment conditioning.”
Frost signaled one of the soldiers. He could never remember her name, but she reminded him of Coach Hula, so he called her Captain Hula. This confused her at first, though eventually she caught on.
The Captain punched up a holographic display on her screen. “As you can see, each Crypto is identified by a unique code name and is differentiated from the others by its unique biological adaptations,” Frost said.
General Hyde studied their fearsome anatomies, nodding in approval. “What’s the mission profile?”
“Standard search and destroy,” Frost said. “Mission profiles are embedded at a subconscious level by post-hypnotic suggestion using the chair. Data is implanted deep into the subconscious and recalled as needed.” 
Frost turned to leave, but the General dawdled behind him, preoccupied with one of the spare training harnesses. “This how ya keep ’em in line?” Hyde asked.
Frost grabbed the remote and sent a quick charge through the electrodes. The sudden jolt forced the harness from the General’s palsied grip. 
“Smart ass,” Hyde mumbled, still buzzing from the shock.
Frost smiled apologetically. “Sorry, General, but I wanted you to have a firsthand understanding of how we keep the Cryptos under control.”
Hyde managed a smile of his own. “Mission accomplished. Anyway, you’ve done a thorough job, Frost. Looks like you’ve got everything covered.” 
“Well, not quite everything,” Frost said with a smile. He gave a signal, and a trio of tiara-adorned beauties appeared from the crowd like genies from a bottle, pageant sashes slung over their cocktail dresses. 
“General, I’d like you to meet three of our best and brightest from research and development,” Frost said. “They’ll be our hostesses for the evening.”
“Research and development?” Hyde repeated, “Of what? The homecoming float?”
“Don’t be fooled by their looks. These beauties have brains,” Frost said with a wink. 
Hyde’s face cracked into a Cheshire cat smile. “Yeah, I can see that. Nice brains.”
* * *
The med-unit’s hatch swung open, and a hawk-nosed soldier with a bushy mustache stepped into the antiseptic room. Outfitted with the scarlet beret and matching neckerchief of the Special Cryptozoological Unit, he carried a cattle prod at his side like a spear, angled toward the ground in close quarters. 
Dr. Camaro moved toward the soldier in slow motion, hampered by the bulky hazmat suit he wore. “We’re ready for you now, Captain Runyon.”
The suits worried Runyon, who suddenly wondered if Frost was telling him everything he needed to know about the Cryptos. “Is it safe in here?” 
“Nothing to worry about, Captain,” Camaro assured him. “This is standard protocol.” 
Runyon nodded to his subordinates, and they prodded the reluctant Crypto forward until he crawled through the hatch of his own volition.
The medics scurried back and forth recording every aspect of the Crypto’s newly evolved anatomy. The metamorphosis had been arduous, but the glorious rebirth was now complete. Harley was gone, and now there was only Tusk.
“Start the recorder,” Dr. Camaro ordered. “And get pictures—front and side—and measurements.” 
Runyon jabbed Tusk with the prod. Tusk growled but obeyed, and lurched onto the scale. 
The Chief Medic calibrated the stadiometer and lowered the top bar until it almost touched the top of the Tusk’s massive skull. “Eight feet even,” the medic said.
Tusk’s back arched, and the corners of his mouth pulled back to reveal gleaming canines. He chuffed, deep and throaty, and the room fell silent.
The medics stepped back. They’d seen this before and knew to give him space when he was agitated. 
Tusk’s back stiffened, and his pupil’s dilated. The other was there, watching him. Sometimes the other came to him in dreams; sometimes he was in the water staring back at him, a ghost from before—when Tusk was like everybody else. 
But Tusk wasn’t like everybody else—he wasn’t like anybody else. He lowered his head and charged across the lab at the other like a renegade bull. 
“Keep your distance…Don’t let him get his talons on you!” Runyon shouted, jabbing with the cattle prod and missing.
The tactical team members converged, but Tusk backhanded them across the lab. 
Runyon jabbed again, but Tusk avoided the prod’s crackling tip and slammed the soldier into a rack of test tubes without breaking stride. 
The obstacles removed, Tusk hit the mirror at full speed, shattering the glass into a thousand jagged shards on impact—and just like that--the other was gone. 
The medics stumbled over each other trying to get away, but the corrosive chemicals from the broken test tubes were already seeping into their lungs, making breathing difficult and movement impossible.
Tusk turned toward the exit. The gargantuan Crypto lowered his shoulder and ripped through the med-unit’s steel hatch like it was made of foil. 
Sentries stationed outside the hatch raised their weapons, but Tusk’s spiny tail lashed wildly from left to right, tearing cartilage and crushing bone before they could get off a single round. 
Tusk shifted gears and headed for the perimeter fence, his tail held high like a rudder to balance his gait.
Runyon crawled across the slumped bodies and grabbed for the remote, knowing that if Tusk got to the fence, he’d be gone for good. 
Tusk kicked into high gear—legs pumping, chest heaving. The fence was only a few feet away—almost close enough to reach out and…
“Heel, boy!” Runyon commanded, before sending 100,000 volts surging through the training harness. 
Tusk jerked backward like he’d been yanked by a leash. He lay in the mud, writhing in pain until Runyon decided he’d made his point and dialed the voltage back. 
Dr. Camaro staggered through the hatch to survey the damage. “We’d better get a team in here to clean this up. Some of these compounds can be deadly in the right combinations.”
The Chief Medic turned to carry out his order. “Where are the spare suits?”
“Check the trailer up front, near the gates,” Camaro said. “I thought I saw some in there.” 
Tusk roared again in protest, but a punitive jolt stunned him enough to render him obedient. Runyon regrouped the tactical team and dragged Tusk from the scene before he could inflict any more damage. 
* * *
The chunky Private on duty kicked her feet up and leaned back in her chair, taking another bite of her sandwich.
A control board ran from one end of the trailer to the other, but the engineers updated the park’s power grid and automated all the systems, leaving her with little to do but watch the monitors and wait for her relief. 
“I’m so bored,” she sighed, and took another slurp of diet soda. 
The hazmat soldier pushed open the trailer hatch, catching her by surprise. 
The young Private’s eyes bugged out: She knew what the suit meant. She reached for her throat and felt her airway already constricting. She staggered to her feet and bolted from the trailer, pushing her way past the soldier, hacking and coughing.
The soldier waited until she cleared the hatch and grabbed the fire extinguisher. He smashed the entry keypad to bits, fusing the hatch shut. The surrounding walls were three-inch-thick, blast-reinforced steel plate, and nobody would be getting in or out unless he let them.
Old Man Hoyt pulled off the hazmat mask and tossed it aside, exhaling in relief. For a minute, he thought Dr. Camaro had ID’d him right outside the med-unit, but the Doctor passed him without saying a word. 
Hoyt sat down at the console, overwhelmed by the array of gauges, dials, and screens. “Now…which one of these doohickeys turns the lights on and off?”
* * *
The launch capsules hit the ground hard, burying themselves three feet deep into Cryptoville’s bedrock foundation. Explosive bolts blew the hatches open with a blast of pyrotechnics, and after the smoke cleared, the Cryptos climbed out of the pods and reoriented themselves. 
Tusk took the lead, and the others fell in behind him, obeying the mission programming embedded deep into their subconsciouses—a constant whisper that couldn’t be tuned out, no matter how hard they tried. 
They marched through the screwball maze, disoriented at first by the extreme curve of the horizon, amplified by the dramatic shifts in elevation. Stadium lights attached to the dome’s support lattice shone down like stars, but their regular placement and spacing against the translucent panels rendered the illusion imperfect. 
The Cryptos broke through the creeping foliage and came to a stop at the edge of a deep channel. A cantilevered bridge spanned the gap between the maze’s monolithic walls one level up, armor-plated bumper cars patrolling along its length. Swimming the channel was risky, but crossing the bridge would leave them exposed to…
Tusk staggered backward, caught off guard by a thunderous right hook that bounced across his jaw. 
The puppets fell from the sky, dancing awkwardly on the ends of chains anchored in the tree canopy above. They hit the uneven ground hard and marched toward the Cryptos in tight formation. 
Howl and Mask fell back, responding to Tusk’s guttural commands to regroup while they got a better look at their enemy. The puppets were a mishmash of different eras—Japanese samurai, medieval knight, Roman gladiator, anything and everything—cobbled together from the park’s animatronic odds and ends.
Who they were didn’t matter. Tusk only knew they were the enemy. He lowered his shoulder and plowed ahead, crashing through the first level like a bowling ball. 
Howl recoiled just beyond the formation—thorny pincers flexing. He fixed the enemy’s range with a stream of high-pitched clicks and charged. 
The puppet squad leader separated and zeroed in on him, his rusty metal gears whirring with each herky-jerky step. 
Howl’s chest pumped up and down with each stride, driving his tentacles like propellers. He closed in for the kill.
The squad leader’s wooden fist cocked with clockwork precision and then exploded in Howl’s ear when he came into range. 
The stunned Crypto wobbled for an instant before collapsing in a heap.
Tusk KO’d one puppet and was already toe-to-toe with the next. He jabbed and feinted, then rocked the toy soldier with a quick left—right—left—right combination that left its head dangling from a metal spring. 
Mask fell back, eating splinters from the relentless barrage. Pushed back until he could go no farther, he faded into the surrounding foliage and disappeared.
The puppets spun in place, trying to pick him out against the greenery. Nothing.
Mask appeared behind them, stepping out of the foliage like a ghost. The stealthy Crypto slammed one soldier into the other, snapping them in half and splitting the remnants of their disjointed torsos into kindling. 
By then Howl had recovered enough to rejoin the action. He spread his leathery membranes wide, launching himself through the air like a missile. 
The puppets tried to regroup but weren’t quick enough. Howl split the formation down the middle, leaving a row of decapitated bodies in his wake, heads on one side and torsos on the other. 
Tusk smashed the last of the puppets together into sawdust and iron bolts. 
He looked around, ready for more, but they were all gone.
The victory was complete, but the Cryptos didn’t linger to celebrate. They turned their backs to the inanimate piles of arms and legs and resumed the mission.
* * *
General Hyde looped the video back and forth a few times, analyzing the Cryptos’ performance while the pageant debs gorged themselves on hors d’oeuvres.
Frost had set up a VIP tent away from Mission Control so the bigwigs could watch the action unfold in relative luxury. Professionally catered and staffed with bow-tied bartenders, the event featured big-screen monitors that gave the guests a ringside seat to all the action as it happened inside Cryptoville. 
“Quick—brutal—efficient. Very impressive,” Hyde said. “But I’m not the one you’re gonna have to convince.”
“What do you mean?” Frost asked.
“I got a call from my superior this morning,” Hyde said. “I didn’t wanna say anything to ruin the party, but the numbers are still gonna be a problem. I’m not sure we can afford to continue with the program…even with your success.”
“You let me worry about the higher-ups,” Frost said. “I’ll take care of ’em.”
His nonchalant reply caught Hyde by surprise. “How?”
Frost waved the pageant debs over. They flocked to the General’s side, oohing and aahing over his flabby physique. 
“Right,” Hyde said, “You’ll take care of ’em.”
With the General otherwise occupied, Frost studied the slow-motion replay on the big screen, trying to fight back a relieved smile. He hadn’t expected much from the others. Their DNA was responsive, but not like Harley’s was. Harley was the breakout star, and performing beyond expectations.
“Tusk,” Frost said, correcting himself. “Gotta remember to call him Tusk.”
A gangly MP’s arrived and interrupted his daydream. The MP pushed his helmet back over his eyes, flashed a vigorous salute, and then leaned in to whisper something into Frost’s ear. 
* * *
The MP led them to a rusting tin shack near the front gates that used to be the park’s box office. Curling yellow posters plastered across the shack’s corrugated walls advertised movie tie-ins from years gone by, reminders of the park’s long-gone heyday.
“We caught them sneaking around just inside the perimeter,” the MP said.
The kids stood in a lineup beneath a single light fixture dangling from the ceiling. Dazzle makeup ran down their faces in streaks and their camouflaged clothes were caked with dirt.
“Who are they?” Hyde asked.
The MP flipped his notepad open and read from his list. “Anita Bath. Noah Fence. Jock Strapp. Al Kaholic. Artie Choke. That’s all I could get out of ’em.”
“I know who they are,” Frost said. 
Hyde ordered the MP out of the room and faced the kids. “How’d you get in here?” he asked. “How?”
“Dazzle,” Newton muttered, waving his hands half-heartedly.
“Are you alone?” Hyde asked. “Are you?”
Drew knew that since he’d asked, they hadn’t caught the old man yet, but kept quiet.
“Whatever you came here to do won’t work,” Frost said. “A bunch of plucky kids teaming up to outsmart some kind of evil criminal genius? Tell the truth. That’s what you were thinking when you got all dressed up. That only works in the movies, you know. And this ain’t a movie…”
Hyde coughed.
“Yeah…Despite the fact we’re filming one inside the park,” Frost said, correcting himself.
“We came here to help Harley,” Clementine said. 
“If it weren’t for you, Harley wouldn’t be here,” Frost shot back. “After all, I wasn’t the one who left him behind last Halloween.”
Drew’s jaw tightened, but he bit his lip and stared straight ahead. 
Frost could see that he’d struck a nerve, so he decided to twist the knife. 
“Yeah, I know all about the water tower. One of the side effects of his time in the chair was that everything—all the memories—just came pouring out,” Frost said. 
Drew kept quiet, determined not to give Frost the satisfaction of a reaction. 
Frost moved in until he stood nose to nose with Drew. “But this isn’t really about Harley, is it?” he asked. “It’s because I didn’t pick you for the program. Deep down you wanted to be the one. You’re the leader of the pack, and you have to be the center of attention—even for something like this. That’s how big your ego is.”
The kids waited for Drew to defend himself, but he didn’t. “We’re here to bust Harley out,” was all that he said.
“Sure you are,” Frost said with a grin. “Keep telling yourself that. You’ve almost got me convinced.”
* * *
The alarm’s clang echoed across the island, so loud they had to cover their ears. 
“I told ya to watch your step,” Molly growled. 
“Sorry, didn’t see the trip wire!” her cameraman answered. He huffed and puffed, struggling to keep up, but it wasn’t easy. He was built like a tortoise and she ran like a hare—and he’d lost his glasses somewhere along the way.  
Finding the island was easy enough—after her source provided the GPS coordinates. The Eyewitness News submarine got them across the bay, dropping them close enough that they could just wade to shore, but the security fence was a more immediate problem. 
Molly unzipped her wetsuit, revealing a one-piece swimsuit beneath. “What do ya think?” 
The cameraman turned his head, trying not to gawk.
“What do ya think?” she repeated.
“Impressive. You must work out quite a—”
“The fence, cookie-assassin, the fence!”
“Oh, sorry.” 
The rusty sign hanging from the fence warned intruders of electric shock, but they needed to know for sure. He grabbed a handful of pebbles and threw them against the fence. Nothing. 
“I don’t think it’s on.”
“What would I do without you, Einstein?” Molly grabbed the bolt cutters from her satchel, took a deep breath, and made the first snip—and then kept cutting until the hole was big enough for her to fit through.
“Come on. Faster,” she urged, slipping through to the other side.
The cameraman tried to follow, but couldn’t. “I’m stuck,” he said.
She strained her ears to listen; barking dogs in the distance meant the MPs weren’t far behind. 
“Go on. Just leave me,” he begged.
“Believe me, I’d love nothing better,” Molly said. 
She grabbed him by the wrists and pulled him through the opening, surprising him with her strength. “But somebody’s gotta hold the camera!”
She took off and he followed, running through the overgrown foliage and wheezing with each step. “You know, I have a name,” he said.
“What?”
“I have a name. You’re always callin’ me ‘neckbeard’ or ‘assquatch’ or ‘gravysponge’ or somethin’ like that.”
“So what is it?”
“It’s ‘Cameraman.’ My grandfather changed it from ‘Cameramanovich’ when he immigrated. It means cameraman in—”
“Oh, just shut up and run!” she commanded, and they disappeared into the park’s interior.
* * *
Frantic soldiers ran back and forth across the midway, moving into defensive positions around the gates, unsure of what was happening. 
General Hyde ran out of the box office, his head twisting in every direction, just as confused as they were. “Why’s that alarm going off?”
“There must have been some kind of security breach around the perimeter fence,” Frost said, just a step behind him.
Hyde’s expression relaxed. “Is that all? Some animal musta triggered it. Call it off—and shut that racket down.” 
“You don’t understand,” Frost said calmly. “The blackout triggered the automatic containment protocol.” 
“What are you talking about?”
“We put a plan into place just in case we ever lost control of the Cryptos,” Frost said. “Right now there’s a B-Three bomber being scrambled from Burpelson Air Force Base carrying a UV Bomb.” 
“What? What’s a UV Bomb?”
“The UV stands for—” 
“I know what ultraviolet means,” Hyde snapped. “What’s gonna happen when the bomb drops? Is this gonna turn into some kind of rave? Is everybody gonna start dancing around with glow sticks?”
“The blast will release enough black-light radiation to kill Enzyme Seven—and anything else on the island,” Frost said.
“Well, just call it off, boy. Use the radio.” 
Frost shook his head. “Can’t. That tuna boat we passed a few miles off shore? That’s a camouflaged Navy jammer blocking outgoing signals. Even cell phones won’t work. We’ve got shortwave radios, but their range is limited.”	
The General started to worry. “Can’t we just get out of here the same way we came? With the choppers?” 
“The choppers followed standard procedure and left immediately after arrival to ensure containment,” Frost said. “And then there are the drones.”
“Drones? What drones?”
“The bats you might have noticed on your flight in,” Frost said, “the bats with the propellers built into their butts?”
“Drones?” 
“Drones,” Frost assured him.
“So we’re trapped on an island fifty miles from the mainland!” Hyde roared. “That what you’re tellin’ me?”
“Yeah,” Frost said. “Unless…”
“Unless what?”
Frost snapped his fingers. “The training harnesses!” 
“The what?”
“The training harnesses,” Frost repeated. “The harnesses emit a signal that lets us track the Cryptos.”
Hyde tried following his reasoning. “I getcha. We terminate the signal, and the bomber returns to base.”
“Right!” Frost said.
“But to terminate the signal…” 
“We have to terminate the Cryptos,” Frost said.
Cryptoville’s dome shuddered and groaned behind them, electrical discharge from the unfinished sections arcing out across the panels as its core systems failed one by one.
Hyde called the gangly MP over. “Evacuate the VIPs. Get them as far away from the crater as possible. Also, find out what kind of ordnance we have available, on the double. We’re gonna need to…” 
Lightning flashed beyond the dome, followed by a thunderous drum roll. The rain began to fall and the lights inside Cryptoville went dim one bulb at a time. 
“What’s going on?” Frost asked, making his way to one of the tactical stations.	
The nervous Captain checked her screen. “The power’s gone out inside the dome.” 
“Is it the storm?” Frost asked.
Captain Hula turned to face him, her face frozen in panic. “Negative. It’s a controlled shut-down from inside the grid.”
All of Mission Control fell eerily silent at once. Every pair of eyes within the crater turned toward the black dome with the same stark realization: if they wanted the Cryptos, they were going to have to go in and get them.
* * *
The kids slipped out of the shack one by one and got away from Mission Control as fast as they could. They ran until they hit the abandoned concession stands lining the midway almost a mile from the crater. 
“Think we got away,” Newton panted. He popped his head up over the grimy counter for another look to make sure. “Yeah…got away.” 
“What now?” Spider said.
The drizzling rain turned into a downpour, coming down cold and hard, and making the miserable conditions even worse. They weren’t dressed for the weather, and even less prepared for the Cryptos. 
Even so, Drew knew what they had to do.
“We gotta go back,” he said. “You heard what Frost said. We gotta get to Harley before they do.”
“But how?” Grady asked. “Harley ain’t Harley anymore, bro. He’s Tusk. We ain’t strong enough to mess with him. Nobody’s strong enough!”
 “We take a vote,” Newton said. “That way nobody feels guilty, and it’s gotta be unanimous. We all go, or none of us goes.”
“I say go,” Clementine said, raising her hand.
“Go,” Drew said, doing the same.
“Me, too—go,” Newton said.
Spider nodded. “Go.”
They turned to Grady, knowing that his vote would decide the matter, one way or the other. He tried to come up with a way out, but the weight of their stares was too much for him to bear. 
“Alright, go,” Grady agreed.
They were all in.
* * *
The MPs herded the VIPs toward the concession stands, buying time until General Hyde could come up with a plan. The shell-shocked crowd obeyed their commands, clomping through the mud and mire in their formal wear, unaware that the island’s doomsday clock had already started ticking. 
Frost moved against the flow of the crowd like a fish swimming upstream, but he had little choice. He had to get to the front gate before the Army locked down the entire park. The situation was out already of control, and he didn’t want to be around to explain what had gone wrong. 
He’d made it to the perimeter and was almost out when a jeep skidded to a stop in front of him, blocking his escape. 
The door flew open, and Miss Croy climbed out of the driver’s side wearing a black leather catsuit, her hair pulled back into a sleek ponytail. 
“Going somewhere?” she asked
He was stunned to see her there since he’d never mentioned the island to her. “How did you get here?”
“I followed you,” she said.
“I…was…j-j-just—coming to get you,” Frost stuttered.
“Whatever,” she said, rolling her eyes. “You weren’t trying to run out on our little partnership, were you?” 
He took a step toward her. She pulled a pistol from her purse and aimed it at his heart. 
His hands shot up. “Hey. We’re partners, remember?”
“Yeah, partners,” she growled. “But all that time we spent together—I thought we’d become more than that.”
He’d tried to keep his distance, to keep things professional, but she was so…so…never mind. He took a deep breath and composed himself. “We are, baby. We are.” 
She waved the gun back and forth, cutting him off. “Don’t ‘baby’ me. I oughta kill you.” 
She stroked the trigger with her index finger, and for a moment, he thought she was really going to shoot. 
But then her expression softened, and she lowered the gun. 
Frost finally exhaled. He closed the distance between them, putting his arm around her slender waist and pulling her close. “I don’t have time to explain this right now, but we gotta get outta here, Vanessa.”
“Get in,” she said, turning toward the jeep.
 He grabbed her by the arm and whirled her around before she got to the jeep. “No. I got a better idea. Let’s take my ride.”
* * *
They crawled through a gash on the unfinished side of the dome and entered the puppet battlefield with a reverence reserved for hallowed ground. 
“What’re we s’posed to be lookin’ for?” Spider asked.
Broken doll eyes followed them across the charred terrain wherever they stepped, watching them with an unearthly sentience that raised the hairs on the back of their necks. 
“Dunno exactly,” Drew said. 
Finding something they could use wouldn’t be easy. The Cryptos had decimated the toy soldiers, leaving their dismembered anatomy in piles scattered across the field.
Drew lifted one of the puppet heads for a closer look, surprised by how light the samurai helmet felt in his hands. He gave it a tap; the outer shell felt hard as steel, but the inner lining was foam rubber.
“Whatcha doin’?” Spider asked.
“Not sure yet,” Drew said. He put the helmet back down on the ground and stomped on it with both feet.
“Wow. Looks good as new,” Clementine said. 
Drew tossed the helmet to Newton for inspection. 
“Wonder what it’s made of?” Newton mused. “Thin and light. Feels like plastic, but it’s gotta be metal.”
Grady grabbed one of the crude wooden swords from the pile of inanimate arms and legs, swinging the blade over his head in a graceful figure eight. Like the rest of the weapons, it was a prop used for show and not meant to cut anyone or anything, but it was solid and felt heavy in his hands. 
Spider pulled a broken spear from the back of one of the puppets and hoisted it over his head. “I’m better with nunchucks,” he said, swinging playfully at Grady and missing. 
Grady parried, and then thrusted. Spider stepped and countered.
“Sure ya don’t mean dumb-chucks,” Grady teased.
“Not bad,” Spider said, “yer almost good enough to chop vegetables at a Japanese steakhouse.”
 Watching them go back and forth a few rounds gave Drew an idea. 
“Start takin’ these puppets apart,” he said.	
* * *
Captain Runyon led what was left of his unit through the interior in force. The native foliage threatened to reclaim this wing of the maze completely, busting through the fissured pavement like mutant tentacles and slowing their progress.
The Private on point signaled, and the soldiers behind him stopped. The rain leaking through the cracks in the dome had condensed into an eerie fog. He could see figures moving around the Ferris wheel, but not much more.
The Private tapped his headset and whispered into the transmitter. “Red Two to Red Six. We got movement here. Can’t tell how many. Over.” 
Runyon signaled, and the rest of the men moved into position behind the Private. “Red One this is Red Six,” he said. “We have the Cryptos sighted. Over.”
“Roger, Red Six, acknowledged,” General Hyde answered, his voice garbled by static. “Move into position and engage. Repeat, move into position and engage. Over.”	
“Roger that, Red One. Move in and engage. Over and out,” Runyon repeated.
CHAPTER 12
The storm outside had ripped through the dome’s unfinished sections, exposing Cryptoville’s interior to the freezing rain. But the weather didn’t bother the Cryptos. They climbed the wooden coaster’s scaffolding with ease, even with the added weight of their hostage. 
Molly aimed the camera at herself, wiping the condensation from the lens. She composed herself as best as she could, but they’d caught her before she could change out of her swimsuit and the cold made her shiver uncontrollably.
“An unknown terrorist group tentatively identified as the Crypto Liberation Army—by me, Molly Tuggle—has taken hostages and is holding them inside this abandoned theme park.”
She zoomed in on the other hostages, adjusting the lens until they were in focus. 
“As you can see, they’ve got the prisoners hanging upside down at regular intervals, dangling from the coaster’s frame like Christmas ornaments. Why? I don’t know. Maybe as some kind of political statement.” 
Tusk growled, and Molly retreated, scuttling to the center of the maintenance deck where she’d be easier to watch. 
She turned the camera and panned across the scene. “The coaster’s rails loop around these giant globes painted like the planets of the solar system. The globes seem to be hollow, with tunnels through their center to let the cars to pass through--or to let the terrorists hide inside, I suppose.”
She focused on the Cryptos, zooming in on each. “The terrorists have deployed themselves across the length of the coaster, each facing a different direction, so sneaking up on them seems almost impossible.”
She aimed the camera back at herself. “I don’t know what happened to my cameraman, Ivan Cameraman. Everything happened so fast. What the CLA wants, we can only guess at since no demands have been made. But we—I—will be continually broadcasting during the crisis.”
* * *
The pounding on the trailer’s hatch was getting monotonous, but for the moment, it was nothing more than a distraction. Principal Hoyt wasn’t sure how long it would take the soldiers outside to get through, but he was sure they wouldn’t stop until they did. 
He’d figured out how to work most of the control board through trial and error. He was surprised to find that not only did he have command over the park’s power supply, but he also had a bird's-eye view of every section inside Cryptoville, thanks to the security cameras mounted within the dome. 
But what he saw worried him. The kids were headed in the wrong direction, away from the Cryptos, not toward them. 
“There’s gotta be a way to way to tip the odds in their favor,” Hoyt grumbled. “Where is that control slider? I know I saw it—here it is.” He moved it back and forth a few times to get a feel for how it worked, and the dome’s stars faded on and off a few times in response.
“Now to really get their attention,” he said, and repeated the sequence again, faster this time. 
He watched the monitor, waiting for them to catch on. But he could tell by their body language that they weren’t getting it. “This ain’t workin’. Gotta be a way to set this to automatic.”
Changing the frequency made the strobing lights appear to race across the horizon and disappear into the distance, blurring together until they merged and formed a single star that glowed against the dome like a beacon.
“Come on, kids,” he said. “Follow your shooting star...”
* * *
The unexpected appearance of the star on the horizon scattered the band of raggedy knights, forcing them to take cover within the maze’s nooks and crannies. 
“Stay down!” Drew shouted, but it was too late. They’d been clanking through Cryptoville in their mismatched puppet armor long enough and loud enough to give their position away to Crypto and soldier alike.
“What is it?” Newton asked. “What’s it doin’?”
They stuck their heads up every few seconds to see what the star was doing, but it wasn’t doing anything. Rather, it hung above their heads, fading in and out, almost like it was…waiting. 
“Whatcha think?” Clementine asked.
“Dunno,” Spider said. “But…”
“But what?” Clementine wanted to know. 
“Ya get the feeling like it’s—dunno—like playin’ to a rhythm’? Like it’s playin’ along to a song?” Spider asked.
Clementine counted the star’s beats and started humming. 
“What is it?” Grady asked. “Ya recognize it?”
“La, la, la…Always follow your shooting star…” she hummed.
They looked at each other and had the same thought: Old Man Hoyt!
“He must be tryin’ to tell us which way to go!” Clementine said. “Pointing us in the right direction!”
“What do we do?” Newton asked.
“Follow the shooting star,” Drew said.
They crawled out of their hiding places and made their way through the maze—step, step, jump, step, climb, step—and on they went for what seemed like miles, until they could follow the star no further. 
“What now?” Clementine wondered.
They’d run into a dead end, and all they could do was watch the star disappear beyond the imposing maze wall before them.
Backtracking meant losing valuable time, and even then they couldn’t be sure that they’d find their way back to where they’d started. 
“Gimme a hand,” Drew said.
The others formed a pyramid, and he climbed onto their shoulders, pulling himself up on top of the maze wall.
“Well?” Clementine asked. “Whatcha see?”
Drew reached out his hand to help her up. “We’re here.”
The star hung above the coaster at its pinnacle, its halo so bright they had to cover their eyes. Squinting through their outstretched fingers, they could see the Cryptos’ unmistakable profiles silhouetted against the light’s radiance, high atop the coaster’s maintenance deck. 
“We gotta get closer,” Spider said. 
Standing on top of the maze wall left them exposed, so they climbed down the other side and trudged through the boggy muck surrounding the coaster, trying to get a better idea of what they were up against.
Drew ducked behind the coaster’s concrete support pylons and counted the hostages. “Eleven of ’em. They look like soldiers.” 
Clementine wiped the moisture from the binoculars and looked for herself. “Maybe we can cut ’em down. We could sure use the help.”
“I wouldn’t do that.”
They spun on their heels, eyes darting in every direction. 
“Up here.” 
The battered soldier hung upside down from the coaster scaffolding a few feet above them, caught like a fly in a spider’s web.
“Who are you?” Spider whispered.
“Runyon—Special Cryptozoological Unit,” he grunted between labored breaths. “Those chains are connected. Cut one of us loose and the Cryptos will come down on you.”
Drew traced the chains up the scaffolding to the upper deck. Runyon was right; the hostages were wired to each other in sequence, bait in a trap to lure them forward. 
“What happened?” Grady asked.
“We thought we were hunting them,” Runyon said, “but they were hunting us. Playing hit and run—luring us deeper and deeper into the interior and picking us off one by one.”
Drew always wondered just how smart the Cryptos really were, because they only seemed to react out of instinct. But if what Runyon said was true, they were capable of basic reasoning—and maybe much more. 
“Now I have a question,” Runyon said. “Who are you?”
Newton made a sweeping gesture toward the maze. “We’re the ones who came up with all this.” 
Runyon forced an exhausted smile. “Kids designed all this? Now that I’ve gone through it, that actually makes sense. My compliments on your little labyrinth of death. But those props won’t do much good against the Cryptos.”
Drew ran his fingers across his wooden sword’s dull edge. “You got a better idea?” 
“Grab that pack over there,” Runyon said. “No--to the left. Yeah, that’s it.”
Spider wrestled the pack free from the thorny underbrush and opened the flap. “Darts? What good are darts gonna do?” 
“Those darts are diamond tipped,” Runyon said. “Sharp enough to penetrate even Cryptos hide.”
Drew looked for himself. “What’s this green stuff in ’em?” 
“It’s a neurotoxin,” Runyon said. 
“You mean poison,” Newton muttered in disgust. “You want us to kill them.” 
Runyon started squirming, but the more he struggled, the deeper the chains cut into his flesh. “We gotta get to those harnesses, one way or another. That bomber is on its way and we’re runnin’ outta time.”
“I know Harley,” Drew argued. “We just gotta get close enough to—”
“You might know Harley, but I know Tusk,” Runyon snapped. “I trained him. He won’t go down without a fight.”
The others looked at Drew and waited for him to say something—to say anything to alleviate them of their awful responsibility. 
Drew turned the dart over in his hand, watching the green fluid shift back and forth inside the cartridge, knowing the others would do what he asked them to do—whatever he asked them to do.
He unscrewed the tip and poured the poison out, throwing the dart aside. “We been jammed up worse than this before. And we don’t need poison darts to take Harley and ’em out. We got the gear from the puppets. We gonna turn this into a street fight. We’ll turn off the harnesses and then get Harley and ‘em to the doctor.”
Relieved smiles broke out across their faces. The odds were still stacked high against them, but like Drew reminded them, they’d been in tough scrapes before.
“Don’t do this, kid,” Runyon pleaded, but they ignored him and loaded up.
Drew grabbed Runyon’s prod and headed for the coaster.
“Hey, kid. What about me?” Runyon asked.
Drew clicked his heels and snapped a sarcastic salute. He turned his back and started climbing up the scaffolding with the others.
* * *
“Here. Stop here!” Cameraman shouted. The soldiers jumped from the back of the jeep before it even stopped, mushing through the slop to get to the coaster. 
“This is where they took her,” Cameraman said, craning his neck to catch a glimpse of Molly. “You see anything?”
General Hyde shook his head. “No, but I can hear ’em.” 
A troop carrier arrived immediately after, soldiers filing out of the back, one after another like a clown troupe. 
Hyde deployed the men around the coaster, forming a perimeter around the base. “Where’s the explosives guy?” he asked.
The demolitions engineer snapped to attention, front and center, carrying a wooden box with “DANGER” stenciled across the lid. 
“How fast can you rig this thing to blow?” Hyde asked.
The engineer looked up at the coaster and then back at Hyde, the ashes from his dangling cigarette falling onto the box. “Looks like the repair scaffolding is the only thing holdin’ that fossil up. Just gimme a few minutes. She’ll come down.” 
Hyde checked his watch. “Hurry! We’re running outta time!”
The engineer took another slow drag. “Don’t wanna rush—safety first.”
“Just get over there and get started,” Hyde said in disgust. 
Cameraman tugged at the General’s sleeve. “Molly’s up there. Ya can’t just start blowin’ stuff up!’
“Stand back, pork chop,” Hyde said. “This is the Army’s responsibility, and we—” 
The gleaming silver crescent whistled past them just a few feet above the ground. Contrails formed around its leading edges, leaving long, spiraling streaks of vapor in its wake before the crescent pulled up at the last second.
“That was close!” Cameraman said, helping Hyde to his feet. “Looked like one of those old-time, man-in-the-moon profiles they used to...” 
“Cancel that order to rig for detonation,” Hyde snapped.
“What was that thing?” Cameraman asked. 
Hyde watched the airship climb into the heart of the tempest. At least now he knew where Frost had gone. “The vehicle’s Army designation is P-Seven-Ninety-Five. The code name is Moonclipper.”
CHAPTER 13
Lightning blew the scalloped edges of the clouds up like an x-ray, echoed by a thunderclap a split-second later. The howling wind pushed the stinging rain sideways, making it hard for Molly to see.
The power kicked back on, and entire sections of the park suddenly jolted back to life, blinking on and off in irregular patterns. She waited for the Cryptos to react, but they weren’t fazed by the commotion—in fact, they barely moved. 
Clementine crept out from behind the Venus globe, headed for Mars. The distance between the globes wasn’t far, but she’d be out in the open and exposed for a few critical seconds. 
She was almost halfway across when she took an errant step and the plank beneath her creaked. 
Clementine stopped and waited for Mask to turn around but he didn’t react. 
A few tense seconds passed before she had the courage to start again. She inched forward until she was just a few feet away from the gelatinous Crypto, and then ducked back out of sight. 
Grady shuffled between the steel drums stacked across the deck, looping around Mask without arousing his suspicion. Once in position, he signaled Clementine that he was ready.
Spider climbed along the railing beneath the deck and stopped. If Molly looked down and saw him between the planks, she’d give him away for sure. He hung there, dangling almost one hundred feet above the pavement, trying to decide whether to keep going or not.
Then, she looked down.
He waited for her to say something--but she didn’t. Either she hadn’t seen him or she was playing along. 
He started again, crawling along the rails until he was beneath Jupiter and had Howl lined up.
Newton scuttled along the exposed rails between the globes, timing his movements between lightning flashes. He came in behind Howl, sliding in behind Saturn. 
He gave Spider the go sign.
The coaster cars clicked along the rails behind him, but Tusk ignored them, which was just what Drew was counting on. He lowered himself from the bottom of the approaching car, hanging upside down by his knees. 
The car got closer and closer to the deck, the rusty wheels squeaking so loudly that he was sure Tusk would turn around any second. Drew shifted his weight back and forth, adjusting his grip on the prod until he was comfortable. 
Click—click—click. The cars rolled closer.
Drew’s torso twisted, coiling like a cobra.
Tusk kept his back to the rails, watching the horizon, oblivious to the cars creeping toward him. 
“Now!” Drew shouted. His body uncoiled and his prod connected with a satisfying “thwack” against the Crypto’s ridged skull. 
Tusk’s elephantine legs buckled beneath him, and his massive head drooped against his chest. 
Drew’s backswing caught Tusk under the chin as the cars pulled away, sending the stunned Crypto sprawling backward across the deck. 
The fight was on.
Newton came at Howl from the left, Spider from the right. 
Clementine whipped a length of chain around Mask’s legs, pulling it tight with both hands and bringing the Crypto to his knees.
Newton swung wide, but his mallet caught Howl’s rib cage on the rebound, folding the Crypto in half. 
Spider’s spear followed a split second later from the opposite side, jabbing at the Crypto’s kidneys with quick, short strokes.
Grady charged from behind, bringing his wooden sword down with both hands against the base of Mask’s neck. 
Newton swung, then Spider thrust—Newton, Spider, Newton, Spider—alternating shots until Howl collapsed facedown onto the Saturn globe.
Clementine let the chain around Mask go slack, then pulled it back and lashed out again. Grady followed, swinging from left to right and splintering his wooden blade between the Crypto’s shoulder blades. 
Mask wobbled and then slumped between the gaps in the railing, down for the count.
Molly’s head jerked from side to side, trying to keep up with the action, but it was all over in a flash. “I’ve been rescued,” she muttered. She struggled to her feet, looking for the first soldier she could throw her arms around and kiss in gratitude.
The coaster cars made another complete circuit, bringing Drew back around. He jumped from the still-moving cars, throwing his helmet to the side and joining the others on top of the deck.
Molly immediately recognized him from their brief but memorable interlude at the studio. “Half-pint? What are you doing here?”
“Another class field trip,” he said with a grin.
The kids approached Tusk warily, schooling together like nervous fish for protection. They knew better than to assume the wounded Crypto was finished.
“Yeah. Yeah, Zero Avenue—represent!” Spider shouted.
“I can’t believe we did it!” Newton said, attempting a high-five with Grady and missing. “We’re like the Avengers or the X-Men or somethin’.”
“They ain’t so tough,” Clementine said. “Like any other bully, bloody their nose—or their snouts—and they go down!”
Molly peeked over them, trying to keep the dramatic scene inside the camera frame. “This is gonna make a great story. Maybe even get me my own talk show.”
Tusk lay before them moaning in agony, but Drew grabbed his prod with both hands and raised it up over his head—just in case. 
“How come his hands are tied up?” Spider asked. 
“Feet, too,” Grady said. 
The rain was falling harder than ever, giant drops punching through the dome’s unfinished sections and exploding into mushroom clouds on impact. “The storm’s pretty bad, even inside,” Newton said. “Maybe they didn’t wanna get blown off the deck.” 
What he said made a little sense—but only a little. Clementine traced the chain from Tusk’s ankle to the deck railing a few feet away. “Can’t move very far though. The chain ain’t long enough.”
Drew kneeled down beside the incapacitated Crypto. “Where’s his harness?”
“What are ya doin’?” Clementine asked. “He could be totally faking.”
But Drew ignored her, grabbing hold of Tusk’s head and pulling. 
“Have ya lost yer mind?” Clementine yelled. 
They tried pulling Drew away, but he fought them off. He kept twisting the Crypto’s neck until the head finally gave. 
The others recoiled in horror as Drew staggered to his feet and hoisted the trophy up for them to see. 
“It’s a mask!” Clementine gasped.
“The stuntmen,” Grady said. “They musta wandered into Cryptoville.”
Molly lowered the camera. “What’s going on?” 
Drew ran his fingers over the bloody bandana wrapped around his head. Six Cryptos—not three. That’s what the little girl was trying to tell him. He’d been given a glimpse of tomorrow’s shadow—of what was going to happen—and he’d blown it. 
“It’s a trap!” Drew shouted, but it was too late.
The rockets sprayed across the maintenance deck like buckshot and perforated the wooden planks in sequence. 
* * *
Frost pulled his thumb off the fire button. “Think I got ’em.” He scanned the scene again from the safety of the cockpit windshield, waiting for the smoke to clear. “Yeah, I got ’em.”
The airship tilted and dipped while Frost figured out its flight profile through trial and error. Twin seats on either side of the cabin provided room for a pilot and navigator but not much else, though he did find room to hang a pine-scented air freshener from the rearview mirror. 
Miss Croy struggled to buckle her seatbelt. “When you said let’s take your ride, I thought you meant the Caddie. Not whatever this thing is.” 
Controlling the airship in the storm was like trying to break a bucking bronco, but Frost was getting the hang of it. “We made it so we could watch them without being watched ourselves. We’ve got one for each phase of the moon. We thought giving them some kind of supernatural entity to fear would help us control them during training and beyond.”
“It’s nice,” she said, fighting her growing nausea. “But the vanity plates are a little over the top—considering the face on this Thanksgiving Day float is yours.” 
“I don’t know what you’re complaining about. Bucket seats, AM-FM radio, cruise control, and only twenty thousand miles. What more could a girl want?” 
Her stomach dropped to the floor as they banked steeply. “Yeah, that’s great, but what kinda gas mileage ya get?”
He laughed and pushed down hard on the yoke, plunging the airship into a steep dive before pulling up again just as abruptly.
Miss Croy slammed backward against the seat. “Are you crazy? What are you doing?”
“Relax. I just wanna get some souvenirs from our day at the park. I just wanna get some of their DNA splattered across the windshield!”
* * *
Drew tried to get up, but his legs had turned to rubber, and he collapsed back onto the deck. Shrapnel from the explosion had sliced his skin into thin, pink ribbons, but at least he was still conscious. He called out to the others, but the only replies he got were muffled moans and groans coming from their battered and bruised bodies scattered across the burning maintenance deck.
The Moonclipper spiraled up dramatically from beneath the deck and hung in the air before him, the flashing sky highlighting the contours of the airship’s sullen face. Speakers bolted to the twin rotors surged to life, hissing with feedback, and for the first time, Cryptoville’s silver god spoke. “Remember when I talked about survival of the fittest?” the baritone bellowed. “Remember what else I said?” 
“There’s always the possibility of divine intervention to move things along,” Drew muttered. 
“And here I am,” Frost roared, “here to move things along!” 
Drew was an easy target on the deck, so retreated across the connecting rails toward Mercury.
If he could get to the globe, he could hide inside, but the track was slippery from the rain and the airship far more nimble than he would have guessed. 
The Moonclipper closed the gap, weaving back and forth like a shark closing in for the kill, its jaws ratcheting open one notch at a time.
Drew turned around, but he’d run out of room. The coaster cars barreled toward him from behind and the track in front of him led to the airship’s gaping maw. 
There was nowhere to go. 
He closed his eyes and braced himself for the jaw’s inevitable crunch, but when it didn’t come right away, he opened his eyes and saw why. 
Drew was right; the stuntmen were the bait in a trap—but they weren’t the prey, Frost was. 
Mask lowered his shoulder and slammed into the airship, shockwaves rippling out across the Moonclipper’s latex skin.
Howl charged in behind him, battering the craft with a torrent of stinging tentacles that sounded like a round of applause. The barrage of heavy appendages didn’t do much damage but did give Mask time to flank. 
Drew crawled back onto the maintenance deck, taking cover behind the Earth globe. He watched the action unfold, still woozy from the rocket attack. “They must have been hiding inside the globes,” he muttered. 
But one of them was still missing. 
“Where’s Tusk?”
Drew felt the weight of a deep purple shadow eclipsing him. 
Tusk loomed over him, frothing at the mouth, ready to splatter him across the pavement below. He reared back, raising his taloned hand to strike, but hesitated at the last second. 
The other remembered Drew, and because the other remembered, now Tusk did too. The other’s voice grew louder and stronger until the mission programming playing inside Tusk’s head faded to a whisper, growing softer and softer until he couldn’t hear it anymore. 
Drew covered himself in anticipation, but Tusk didn’t strike. Instead, there was a split second of hesitation when Drew looked into Tusk’s bloodshot eyes and thought he saw Harley staring back at him.
“Harley,” Drew said, “gotta remember to call him Harley.”
Tusk—Harley--lowered his hand and turned his attention to the Moonclipper. He charged across the burning deck and launched himself at the airship. 
His first punch ripped a gash in the airship’s shell, exposing the rigid aluminum skeleton beneath. 
The next punch shredded cables and control rods buried beneath the skin, expelling gobs of thick hydraulic fluid across the sky. 
The assault pushed the airship back against the railing. But like a wounded animal, the airship was most dangerous when cornered. 
Mask staggered backward, caught off guard by the jolt of current surging from the airship’s side-mounted prods. 
Mask stepped back, but the Moonclipper stung again.
Mask’s body seized. The paralyzed Crypto slipped through a gap in the railing and collapsed into an inanimate heap on the pavement below.
Howl swung again but missed, his tentacles cracking the empty air like a whip.
The Moonclipper pivoted, driving Howl backward across the deck toward the edge like a fly on a windshield.
Howl lashed out, wrapping a single tentacle around the craft as he slid toward the edge of the deck.	
The tentacle stopped his fall, but the Moonclipper’s prods buzzed with current.	
The voltage surged through Howl’s system and his tentacle fell limp. The flailing Crypto crashed through three levels of scaffolding before a cement mixer broke his fall—and most of his bones.
The Moonclipper retreated, but Tusk—Harley—was undeterred. He banged away, landing blow after blow even as the airship pulled away, trying to shake the enraged Crypto loose.
Drew watched the titanic struggle unfold and realized something was wrong. The Cryptos were stronger and faster than this--Were Enzyme Seven’s side effects tilting the odds against them?
“Gotta do somethin,” Drew decided. He snapped out of his daze and pulled the prod out of the stuntman’s costume. 
He reached into his hoodie and grabbed the lightning-in-a-bottle from inside his pocket. “Knew there was a reason I hung onto this.” 
Uncorking the vial, he let a single drop of Lazy-Eye Susan’s potent concoction spill onto the prod’s tip. 
The airship listed to starboard, threatening to capsize, but righted itself before turning over. The Moonclipper tried climbing, but Harley’s added weight made the craft’s controls sluggish.
Drew limped across the deck and jumped into the trailing car as the train passed by on its next circuit. 
Harley clasped his hands together and brought them down like a sledgehammer. The Moonclipper hissed and twisted, bleeding helium from multiple wounds.
Leapfrogging from car to car, Drew scrambled toward the front of the train as it climbed the coaster’s steep initial slope.
“Gotta get into position before it’s too late,” he grunted.
The Moonclipper soared higher and higher, climbing into the churning black clouds above, angry god and rebellious angel locked in a death struggle from which there was no escape.
Drew struggled to his feet as the train reached the crest of the incline.
The cars balanced for a moment in midair, teetering on the edge of the precipice. He hoisted the prod, took aim, and launched… 
Hit! The prod buried itself deep inside the airship’s rubber shell.
Lightning arced out from the main thunderhead, cutting across the sky like a blowtorch and connecting with the prod. 
The jolt charged the airship’s skin and blasted Harley clear, but he didn’t fall. Instead, the raging wind lifted him higher and higher until he reached his zenith, and then time itself seemed to tick to a stop. 
Harley hung in midair, frozen in time and space, balanced perfectly between heaven and earth.
For a moment it seemed that somehow, some way, the wind would keep him aloft.
But the moment didn’t last. Gravity finally grabbed hold and pulled Harley through the swirling clouds below.
The coaster cars plunged down the incline and all Drew could do was watch him fall back to earth.
* * *
Smoke choked the Moonclipper’s cockpit with noxious fumes that even the air freshener couldn’t mask. They’d taken a lot of damage, and though the airship was military grade, it was designed for reconnaissance and wasn’t meant to absorb such a beating.
“We gotta get outta here, Dickie!” Miss Croy coughed. “Where are the parachutes?”
“There are none,” Frost scowled, waving smoke away from his face. 
She leaned in to whisper in his ear. “You gotta land this thing, Dickie, right now.”
Frost looked back at her and then at the damaged controls and knew she was right. They were leaking copious amounts of air and fuel, and he wasn’t sure how much longer they could stay airborne. 
He pulled the yoke to starboard. “You’re right. Let’s get out of here.” 
Thick blue smoke poured from the Moonclipper’s fatal wound. Unable to continue, the crippled airship turned and sailed silently back into the mist, disappearing into the night.
* * *
Drew waited until the deck was within range and jumped from the moving cars. He landed awkwardly, tumbling across the deck before coming to a stop against the railing. 
Aftershocks from the rocket attack rippled through the coaster’s frame, and the entire structure tilted to a forty-five-degree angle before stopping, at least for the moment. He braced himself for the coaster’s imminent collapse, but it didn’t come. 
The rain slowed to a drizzle and then stopped altogether. More trucks rolled onto the scene, splattering muddy water on the soldiers scurrying around the coaster base. Reinforcements poured out of the vehicles, weapons in hand, trying to regain control of an uncontrollable situation as best they could.
* * *
A retinue of soldiers carried three shrouded bodies past Molly, shivering next to Cameraman inside a running jeep. 
She looked at him as if to ask, can you believe this? But all he could offer was nonchalant shrug. She tried to get a better look as they passed, but the handcuffs kept her tethered to the jeep. All she could do was watch the soldiers load the bodies into the waiting trucks and drive away, taking the evidence—and her story—with them. 
 “Take it easy! I’m a veteran!” Hoyt shouted, but the soldiers ignored his pleas for mercy. The MPs frog-marched him through the gathering mob and cuffed him to the jeep next to Molly.
Molly pulled the blanket around her shoulders with her free hand. “Hey. W-w-w-what’s your story?” 
“Aren’t you on TV? On the news?” Hoyt asked.
“Yes…Molly Tuggle…Eyewitness News. Why are you under arrest? Are you involved with the terrorists?”
“There are no terrorists. Listen. My name is Hoyt, Wilhelm…H-o-y-t. I’m the Principal at Bixby Elementary. I have evidence that the Army has been—”
The MP silenced him with a rifle butt to the gut, leaving him flopping like fish. 
“What evidence?” Molly demanded. “The public has a right to know!” 
She never got her answer. The driver hit the gas, whisking Hoyt from the scene before he could say anything more.
* * *
“Ouch!” Drew winced, but the nurse ignored him and finished suturing the wound on his head. 
“Don’t be a baby,” she scolded. 
“Easy for you to say. You ain’t the one getting stitched up,” Drew said.
Her surgical mask covered her mouth, but he could tell by the way her eyebrows arched that she didn’t appreciate his backtalk. She left to fetch the doctor, pulling back the curtain on her way out.
Drew waited until he was sure that she was gone and then struggled to his feet. He wandered through the makeshift triage set up inside the VIP tent, checking on the others while they got the same once-over from the medics. 
The staff put Clementine and Grady on one side, Newton and Spider on the other-- though keeping them there wasn’t easy. Covered in soot and coughing up smoke, they still had enough energy left over to get up and make faces at each other from across the aisle. 
The medics ran back and forth, attending to the rest of the wounded—including the stuntmen who’d taken such a beating. 
“Whatever those guys got paid for this gig ain’t enough,” Drew decided.
General Hyde watched the proceedings, retreating further and further to the periphery. “No way I’m gonna take the fall for this,” he muttered, fighting his way through the tent flaps. “This was Frost’s project. I didn’t know what he was doing.” 
But the General’s misery wasn’t over yet, and the worst was still to come. He turned toward the buzzing sound behind him. “That’s too loud for mosquitoes.” 
Just beyond the retreating thunderhead, the bomber’s wings cut through the mist and condensation, parting the clouds like a black scythe. 
The remaining soldiers and VIPs turned their eyes to the sky. There was no use in running—there was nowhere to run to. So, they waited for the bomb to drop like the Times Square ball on New Year’s Eve. The buzzing grew louder and louder until they could stand it no more, and then everything fell silent.
The bomber’s belly opened and emptied its seed–and night turned to day with a blinding flash on Transylvania Island.
CHAPTER 14
“So what really happened?” the Lieutenant asked, a little louder than he intended. 
His breach of etiquette barely registered with the staffers running back and forth through the Senate atrium. He pulled his pants up over his gut and nervously ran his fingers through his thinning hair. “I read the report, but what really happened?”
Captain Runyon tried to laugh, but his ribs still ached from the beating he’d taken on the island. “Just like what I wrote,” he said. “The navigator punched in the right coordinates, but the GPS was wrong. The bomb blew up just off the coast.”  
“Wow…just wow,” the lieutenant muttered. He checked over his shoulder to make sure no one was eavesdropping. “How does something like that happen?” 
“Don’t know,” Runyon said. “What I do know is that Pennsylvania Island exploded in a flash of black light. Lucky for us, there was nothing but toxic sludge and medical waste there—Oh…watch out. Here they come.” 
The committee members shuffled back into the meeting room and found their places, the senators on one side, the soldiers on the other. Were it not for the portraits of past presidents hanging from the walls, the somber session could have easily been mistaken for a wake, and the chamber for a mausoleum.
The Senior Senator from Vermont banged his gavel, bringing the meeting to order. The silver-haired aristocrat was a fixture on the cable news circuit, where his telegenic features made him a popular guest. “Ayuh, the subcommittee will reconvene.”
Runyon sat opposite him and smiled, but the Senator frowned, his ruddy face folding up like a clenched fist. 
Runyon took a sip of water, and the testimony resumed.
“Annabelle, would you read back the section where we left off, just prior to the lunch break?” the Senator asked. 
The waifish stenographer scrolled through the transcript, her slender fingers searching for the point where they’d left off. She cleared her throat and read the testimony back in a high, tinny voice.
 “Question: Captain, what happened to the senior staff in charge of the project?”
“Answer: General Hyde took an early retirement. Other high-level members of the project management were reassigned as appropriate.” 
Then the testimony resumed.
“Now, what about the school?” the Senator asked. “Bixby Elementary, I mean.”
“Rather than risk a full-scale investigation, the school board settled with the affected families for an undisclosed sum,” Runyon said. “Which we subsidized—the Army, I mean.”
“And the test subjects? The kids who actually made the change…transformed? What about them? What happened to them?”
The Lieutenant covered the mic and whispered into Runyon’s ear. The Captain cleared his throat and looked the senator in the eye. “I’m sorry, Senator. That information is classified.” 
This didn’t sit well with the Senator, who appreciated straight talk. “What about the reporter? The one that got through your security?”
The lights seemed to be getting hotter, so Runyon took another sip of water. “The local news tried digging deeper, but the settlement came with strings attached. When nobody would go on record, the story withered and died.” 
“Weren’t they broadcasting live from the island?” the Senator asked, his words starting to slur. Runyon guessed whatever he had in his glass wasn’t apple juice.
“Their signal, like all others coming from the island, was jammed. We confiscated their camera and equipment as a precaution,” Runyon said.
“I find it hard to swallow the notion that the press just gave up,” the Senator said, his tone more combative. “Once they get a taste of scandal, they bite down—hard—and hang on. I speak from experience.”
His anecdote brought knowing chuckles from the other subcommittee members. “Now, what about Enzyme Seven?” the Senator asked.
“The bomb detonated on impact, as expected—though not on Transylvania Island,” Runyon said. “We’re still looking into how that happened. However, we believe enough residual radiation was released to kill any remnants of Enzyme Seven while leaving the island’s occupants largely unaffected.”
“But wasn’t the school—Bixby Elementary—wasn’t its water supply contaminated by Enzyme Seven?”
“Yes, sir, it was,” Runyon said.
“Captain, this is worrying,” the senator said. “Does Enzyme Seven really affect a small percentage of the population, or is it a ticking time bomb, waiting to be reactivated under just the right circumstances at just the right moment?”
“We don’t know,” Runyon said. “We’re still putting the pieces together ourselves. There was a lot of project information that we weren’t privy to, but we continue to monitor the situation.”
The Senator nodded, and the stenographer stopped typing. 
“Is there a long-term plan to keep track of the individuals exposed to Enzyme Seven?” 
The Lieutenant covered the mic and whispered into Runyon’s ear.
“We continue to monitor the situation, Senator,” Runyon said.
* * *
The first snow of the season fell near the end of November, when an unexpected blizzard blew in and covered the city in a virginal white veil. It was unusual weather for the time of the year, but Drew knew that these were unusual days. 
He walked along the pristine back streets, following his shadow across the snow. The farther down the road you try to see, the blurrier things is Lazy-Eye Susan had told him. So, he blurred his eyes until the entire world faded to white, a blank sheet of paper on which the future could still be written. But it didn’t take long for the passing cars to turn the frosty powder into gray slush, so he trudged on. 
He ran his fingertips along the scar above his eyebrow. The fracture he suffered on the island was healing, and whatever glimpse of the future he’d been allowed to see was already fading to a gauzy blur. 
If he ever ran into Lazy-Eye Susan again, he’d have a lot of questions for her—a lot of questions.
He crossed the street and made his way to the Windmill where the others were already there waiting for him. 
“Ready?” Clementine asked.
“Ready,” Drew said.
They made tombstones out of old DVD’s, like they did before. 
Drew wrote Harley’s name across the top half of the DVD, and did the same for Donovan and Ramone. They buried the monuments halfway into the frozen ground next to Romeo’s grave, where there was still room. 
“Anybody wanna say something?” Clementine asked, but nobody did.
Instead, they bowed their heads and paid their last respects, promising themselves they’d remember, even if nobody else did.
They grabbed their backpacks and turned to leave for school, but Newton paused. “Ya coming?”
“I’ll catch up,” Drew said.
He waited until they were gone and then reached into his backpack. He laid Harley’s old Halloween mask beneath his tombstone and headed for school. 
* * *
The third bell rang just as Drew got there. He could see through the frosted windows that the other kids were already in their seats and starting class, which meant he was late—again. 
He stomped through the slush and bounced up the stairs, taking them two at a time, before sliding to a stop halfway up.
“Principal Hoyt!” he blurted out in surprise.
The Old Man appeared from behind the double doors, blocking his entrance. 
Drew hadn’t expected to see him out of the hospital so soon, but there he stood, propped up by a cane, his neck in a brace and arm in a sling. The MP’s worked him over pretty good during his interrogation on Transylvania Island, trying to find out how much he knew before finally calling off the dogs. Whatever he said must have satisfied them, because they let him go not long after. 
A few days ago, sneaking in after the last bell would have meant a stern lecture at minimum. But that was before Transylvania Island, and life before Transylvania Island seemed like a long, long time ago.
Drew picked up his backpack and composed himself. 
The Principal held the door open, inviting Drew into the building with a wave of his cane. 
Drew shrugged and slung his backpack over his shoulder, and they entered the school together. 
* * *
Before Mr. Birdsong was fired, science had been their favorite class, but not anymore. Now the kids sat in their seats waiting for the next substitute to arrive, having endured an endless parade of pretenders to the throne during the last few days. 
The classroom door swung open, and the latest candidate backed into the room carrying a cardboard box. 
All the chattering stopped, and every pair of eyeballs looked up at the exact same time with an almost audible click.
“Good morning, kids. I’m glad to see you all in your seats, ready to go,” Mr. Birdsong said. He plopped the box down on top of the desk and rolled his sleeves up past his elbows. 
“I saw something on TV last night, an experiment that was really interesting. We’re gonna try re-creating that experiment ourselves and have some fun doing it,” he said, barely able to contain his enthusiasm. 
The kids exchanged puzzled glances, unsure of what was happening. But Drew knew. Old Man Hoyt—Principal Hoyt—was a man of his word. And after everything they’d been through, having Mr. Birdsong back might have been the closest to normal they’d ever be again. 
Birdsong reached out across his desk, drumming his fingers absentmindedly. “But first, can anybody tell me where my glasses are?”
The kids all pointed at once.
He felt around for them and found them right where he’d left them. 
* * *
The hooded figures crossed a natural land bridge that spanned an ancient dry riverbed. The road they trudged along zigzagged up and around the mountain, leading to the ruins of an ancient monastery nestled in the misty Carpathian peaks above. 
Miss Croy looked back over her shoulder, but she couldn’t see the Moonclipper from this distance—a good indication of how far they’d tramped since ditching the airship in a snow bank. 
She followed behind Frost, stepping in his footprints and growing weary from treading through the snow and frozen mud. “I like this material. You know, they say that black is very slimming.”
“With your dandruff and your wide hips, your butt looks like all of outer space. So I have to say black is not very slimming in this case,” Frost replied.
“You’re a jerk,” she growled.
“You see, the dandruff is the stars,” he explained.
“Shut up,” she said.
“Believe me, I’ve been to space. I know,” he said. 
They slogged along in silence a little while longer until she decided that not talking to him was punishing her, not him. 
“What are we doing way out here anyway?” she asked.
“Ever hear of the Transylvania Brigade?”
“No,” she said. “Should I have?”
“No, I suppose not,” he said. “But this is where Dr. Grimsby…”
“Grimsby?” she asked. “Who’s that?”
“Who’s that?” Frost repeated “He’s the first one to make Enzyme Seven work.” 
* * *
The Great Hall was the only part of the monastery suitable for habitation. An empty gallery formed a perimeter around a central dais accessible via catwalk, separated from the outer wall by rippling black water of an indeterminate depth. 
The air was damp, and there was a bone-chilling draft, but Frost threw some logs into the massive fireplace. Soon the crackling flames warmed the room enough that they could feel their frostbitten fingers and toes again.
Miss Croy hovered nearby while Frost worked. Curious about the buzzing machinery retrofitted into the monastery, she recognized at least some of the equipment; it was identical to the machinery in the school’s bunker.
“Hmmm. So this is your place?” she asked. “Charming. Guess it’s better than the studio apartment my last boyfriend had. Who’d ya get to decorate? Count Chocula?” 
He ignored her, and powered up the machinery instead. 
“So, what’s next? I guess your plans changed when the kids called that reporter and ruined everything. Maybe you should update your resume or something.”
“This ain’t an episode of Scooby-Doo,” Frost said. “And they didn’t call the reporter. I did.” 
He could be as petulant as a child when things didn’t go his way, but she decided to play along. “I don’t get it. You had to know she’d try to break the story-wide open.”
“That’s what I wanted,” he said. “I’ll admit things almost got out of hand when the Cryptos broke free, but everything worked out in the end.”
She rolled her eyes. “Right.” 
“If I really wanted to keep a project like this secret, do you think I would have picked a public school for all this?”
She thought about it a moment and conceded the point. After all, there were far more secure locations from where he could conduct his research. 
“But that’s what I don’t understand,” she said. “Why on earth would you expose your top secret project in front of a live studio audience?”
“That little melodrama on the island wasn’t intended for any audience on earth,” Frost said. 
“What?”
Moving her to one side, he tapped a pedal on one of the flagstones with his shoe. A false panel in the floor slid backward, and a pedestal rose from the center of the dais.
He pressed a button on the pedestal and the massive stone wall behind her rolled back into a recessed cavity. 
“I was an astronaut, remember?” he said. “There are things headed our way we’re just not ready for, but Enzyme Seven will help even the odds.” 
She peered into the cavernous chamber beyond the wall, unsure of what to make of what she saw. Rows and rows of glass and metal pods populated the chamber, stretching back as far as she could see. 
“There must be thousands,” she muttered. “Wait. Is that Dr. Camaro in there?” 
The doctor, clad in his familiar white smock, shuffled between pods, checking the equipment as required. He smiled and waved to her. 
“You haven’t asked me what’s behind the curtain yet,” Frost said. “Don’t you want to know?” 
She looked at the red velvet curtain covering the antechamber opposite them and then back at him. 
He didn’t wait for an answer and drew the curtain back. “Ta-da!”
A thick-framed woman draped in frayed but elegant clothes sat gagged and bound, her pupils shrinking to dots when hit by the light. 
Miss Croy put her hands on her hips and cocked her head. “You didn’t tell me you still lived with your mom.” 
“She’s not my mom,” Frost said. “She’s our new partner.”
Lazy-Eye Susan shook her head back and forth, tears welling in her eyes.
“Why her?” Miss Croy asked.
 Frost’s stoic expression turned pensive. “Because she knows more about Enzyme Seven than anybody else alive.”
She looked Susan up and down, trying to decide if there was more to her than met the eye. “What makes her so smart?”
Frost checked Susan’s bindings to make sure they were nice and tight. “She knew Grimsby. She learned at the master’s side.”
“Wait…How do you know all this?” Miss Croy asked.
“Not all of the Transylvania Brigade soldiers mutated. Instead, they passed Enzyme Seven on to their descendants. Back then, Bixby was an asylum devoted to studying their offspring.”
“I remember hearing about that when I was growing up,” Miss Croy said. “The asylum part, anyway. Is that where she worked?” 
“No, but that’s where we met,” Frost said, “She helped me escape back when my last name was still Torrance.”
Miss Croy’s jaw dropped. “Wait…what?”
The empty gallery lit up around her, beams of light jumping from station to station, searching for just the right frequency. News footage of Jamphibian’s downtown rampage played in a continuous loop, making a kind of Crypto highlight reel. 
“When I saw the news, I knew someone had figured out how to get past Enzyme Seven’s time limits,” Frost explained. “I thought Harley’s DNA was the best match for Enzyme Seven, but I was wrong.”
The light in the cavernous chamber came on behind them, and the details of his plan became evident. An embryo floated inside each pod, growing in fits and spurts with each passing second, their resemblance to Jamphibian evident even at this stage of their development. 
One by one, they opened their eyes and stared out at an unprepared world. 

Visit http://crypto-punk.com/ for more information about Crypto-Punk
                                      
			 











