





Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2012 A.P. Kensey 



This book and parts thereof may not be reproduced in any form, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form by any means—electronic, mechanical, photocopying, or otherwise—without prior written permission of the author.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any similarities to actual persons, organizations, and/or events is purely coincidental.

Cover by TJ Wright
neechmonkey.carbonmade.com

FADE Copyright © 2013 by A.P. Kensey




DEDICATION

For the Teachers.
Thank you.







PROLOGUE

High above the churning waters on the coast of Greece were the ruins of a temple dedicated to the many gods of the old world. Its wide, flat foundation was carved into the rock—a flat slab chiseled out of the towering cliff overlooking the Aegean Sea. There was a time when countless priests and acolytes made the long journey from ancient Thessaly to visit the sacred temple and pay homage to their gods.
That time had long past, and now only crumbled pillars and a few weather-worn statues remained to remind the temple’s sole occupant how all things diminished with time.
The temple was at the tip of a sharp outcropping of rock—a knife that jutted out from the mainland toward the heart of the Aegean. Its roof was level with the grass shelf on top of the cliff and melded seamlessly with the field overlooking the sea. Centuries ago, marble stairs led from a sheltered path on the grassy cliff-top, down the sheer cliff wall, and to the front steps of the temple. Years of exposure to the harsh sea winds had eroded the steps into nothing more than crumbling ramps. The natural rock on either side of the temple had been left untouched, effectively shadowing the structure’s existence from all but the passing gulls.
Over the centuries, trees had crept in around the base of the temple and surrounded it in a cage of brown and green, wiping the monument from the memory of man.
Nathaniel only found it because he was immortal, and when one was immortal one had the time to search for such things.
Fallen statues littered the cracked floor of the temple. Aiolus, the keeper of wind, lay next to Poseidon, god of the sea, both of them brought low during the fall of the Greek Empire. Nathaniel stepped over the statues as he walked to the edge of the cliff, then leaned against a crooked pillar and looked out to sea.
The gulls cried loudly over the waves far below in their search for food. Nathaniel closed his eyes and breathed in the fresh salt air. The warm wind played over his face and shaved scalp, ruffling his collar and flapping the tail of his long coat. He felt nothing on the left side of his face, where a long scar—one of many that covered the dark skin of his entire body—ran from the top of his forehead, over the outside corner of his eye, and down to the bottom of his jaw.
The nerves had been severed with the cut of a knife after he stole a loaf of bread when he was eleven years old. Nathaniel wondered what a boy who didn’t even speak the language of his new country could possibly know of the difference between right and wrong when his mother lay dying, starved half to death for refusing to work in the fields one more day. The only thing he could think to do was to steal from the very man who fed him.
Nathaniel had been halfway back to the barn where he and his mother slept, carrying a loaf of warm, fresh-baked bread tucked under his shirt. The screen door to the kitchen slammed open behind him and the wife of his owner screamed at the top of her lungs. Her husband ran out of the house and came at him with a pearl-handled hunting knife to teach Nathaniel that little boys shouldn’t steal from their masters.
The iris of his left eye was permanently clouded white from the injury; the iris of his right was a deep, clear brown.
Nathaniel felt his time on Earth slipping away. He grew tired as the days wore on—exhausted in a way he’d never known. He was beginning to understand that his ability was guiding him away from this life, but he did not know where it was taking him. Dark thoughts had plagued his mind for months—thoughts of hopelessness and despair. The truth that nothing he had accomplished made any real difference was driving him slowly insane.
In his vain attempt to escape that truth, Nathaniel had searched everywhere for the smallest measure of relief. He went back to the village in Kenya where he was born, hoping it would somehow quiet his raging mind—but it was not the same as he remembered.
The whole world had changed.
The ancient Greek temple was the only place where he had found relative peace. It was his sole sanctuary from the chaos. As Nathaniel stood on the edge of the cliff between the crumbling pillars, he struggled to find that center of peace once more.
Instead he saw the Earth as if from space. Tiny pinpoints of lights glowed fiercely on the surface, each one representing the beating heart of one of his brothers or sisters. Most of them were spaced very far apart—a handful in Europe, one or two in Africa—but there were several minor clusters of lights, the largest in Australia, America, and Japan.
Nathaniel was connected to all of them, as if they were extensions of his own body and mind. He did not see details—he didn’t know their names or even what they looked like—but he knew their very essence of being. He knew that, in some way, they were just like him.
A light blinked out in western Australia and Nathaniel shed a tear for his dead sister.
The lights had been fading more quickly over the past year. The normal progression for such things was one or two a year. With such a small population to begin with, it was rare for a high volume of deaths in such a short timeframe.
Usually such casualties signaled the start of something terrible.
Nathaniel felt warmth between his shoulder blades and leaned away from the pillar. He looked up at the sagging boughs of a nearby olive tree and watched several of the leaves wither and fall. The wind picked them up and carried them out over the sea.
All things diminish, he thought, except me.
Nathaniel rested his palm on the trunk of the tree and allowed what he had accidentally taken to flow back through the bark. The boughs of the tree groaned as they lifted up and spread wide once more.
He patted the trunk and moved to the center of the temple.
There were several rows of broken benches to one side—white marble that had been meticulously carved with the faces of old gods. All but a faint bump of the statues’ noses had survived centuries of erosion. Nathaniel imagined a priest standing in the middle of the temple thousands of years ago, addressing a crowd of eager students. Teachers of science, mathematics, and philosophy—some of the most brilliant minds of the ancient world had lived and died under Greek rule. Their whole empire had been only a small fraction of the world, yet to them it was everything. It left them free to explore the mind and countless other subjects—to advance medicine and art to unparalleled heights.
The temple had been plundered during the Peloponnesian War, shortly before the fall of ancient Greece. Steel bars were ripped from the hearts of the pillars and most of the marble was carried off and integrated into other buildings. The Greeks had been helpless to stop their culture from dying.
Nathaniel wanted to believe that, for the first time in history, a society possessed the capability of defending itself from extinction. Perhaps with help, his brothers and sisters did not have to die. He would go to them one last time. Just once, he wanted his actions to have a positive and lasting impact on the future.
White flames licked up his arms and cascaded over his body. The air inside the temple bent around him as he used his energy to manipulate his surroundings. He closed his eyes and reached halfway around the world—reached out to his fallen sister and to all the others who were about to fall.
One last time, he thought.
In a single flash of blinding white light, Nathaniel was gone.



1

Haven lost track of the young man she was chasing, so instead she followed the screams of a child. A girl, no more than seven or eight, had been pulled from her mother’s arms while Haven ran after Lee through a grocery store in downtown Chicago. In his mad scramble for escape, Lee grabbed up the girl with the hope that Haven wouldn’t vaporize him if he held an innocent hostage.
Of course she wouldn’t—but now Haven not only had to catch Lee and find out why he had suddenly come out of hiding to commit murder, she also had to play it safe so the little girl didn’t get hurt in the inevitable crossfire.
Lee had run from the grocery store and into the heart of the downtown area, leading Haven on a frantic chase through the crowded streets. She stopped apologizing to everyone after Lee shoved aside the fifth person—after it became obvious things were going to get a whole lot worse before they got better. Instead, she focused on running him down. He was fast, even with a screaming little girl tucked firmly under his arm.
People turned at the commotion and some even shouted at Lee to stop, but none of them stuck out a foot to trip him. At one point he quickly looked back and the smirk of amusement on his face angered Haven beyond belief. It was all she could do to keep the boiling energy inside her from ripping Lee to shreds.
No public displays of her ability unless it was absolutely necessary—that had been the agreement she and everyone else living in the Dome had made once things settled down almost a year ago. Life or death necessary. They couldn’t risk being followed back to their sanctuary of the Dome, especially not while they still housed the sick and wounded patients from Bernam’s medical facility. And besides, it was thought that no less than two national governments were aware of the powers available to a small amount of the population. There were rumors that special units had been sanctioned to detain and question anyone who showed the slightest hints of an ability.
Haven cursed her promise to play it safe as she reached out for the tail of Lee’s coat and grasped at air. He spun to the side and ran down a narrow alley, then turned the corner at the end before Haven made it halfway. When she emerged at the other side he was already sprinting to the doors of a half-finished skyscraper on the far end of an empty parking lot. Plastic sheeting flapped in the wind all the way up the side of the building, covering gaping holes meant for walls and windows.
Lee ducked inside as Haven ran across the pavement.
Two-thirds of the way up the outside of the building, the firm grid-work of future offices gave way to a skeleton of steel beams that reached toward the sky like the spikes of a crown. Haven knew she needed to catch up with Lee before he climbed too high—otherwise, with one false step, he could kill himself and the little girl as well.
On the plus side, they would probably be alone in the building, so her promise not to use her ability quickly became obsolete—as long as she didn’t hurt the little girl. Haven ran up the set of stairs and through the doors to the building. She allowed the blooming heat within her chest to manifest into the dormant blue flames—the lighter, harmless waves of fire that preceded the more deadly focused blasts of energy. Dancing fire sheathed her body and flowed over her skin like liquid.
Her vision filled with electric blue light as she ran for the nearest set of stairs. Pieces of construction equipment lay scattered everywhere and the elevator shaft was open and empty—not even the cables had been installed.
The heat inside of her chest pulsed throughout her body, straining for release. The prolonged retention of the incredible power she wielded had been her main focus over the past year, when there was hardly anything else to do but train and hone her ability until she could perfectly manipulate her energy output.
There had been some time with Colton, as well.
Haven pushed him from her mind as she ran up the stairs, counting levels as she went. The railing disappeared after the fifth floor and the stairs dead-ended after the seventh—there was only an empty shaft above her leading all the way to the top of the building.
Haven kicked open the unfinished door that led to the seventh floor and almost fell to her death. She reached out for a support beam overhead as her forward momentum carried her off the ledge of the doorway and into empty space. She swung out over nothingness, the ground seven floors below, her fingertips barely grasping the support beam. Her legs swung back to the doorway and to the flat ledge near the stairwell, but she was too eager and kicked out too early. Her left hand slipped off the support beam and her feet missed the ledge. She swung back out, barely hanging on to the support beam with one hand. Haven focused on getting ready for the return swing. If she could aim it just right, she might be able to get enough momentum to launch herself back onto the seventh floor landing. Her momentum carried her back toward the ledge, and Haven twisted her body to face the landing. She extended her legs and kicked out for the ledge. Her toes touched the very edge of the concrete slab.
The fingertips of her right hand slipped off the support beam and Haven fell. She was already falling at an angle from the momentum of her swing and landed halfway on the sixth floor platform, right at the edge of the stairwell. She hit the platform on her elbows, her stomach scraping against the rough concrete floor and her legs kicking in the air below the ledge.
Lee laughed at her from above.
She craned her neck to look up—he was climbing the steel grid-work easily, even with the little girl draped over his shoulder. She was too exhausted or too scared to move. Haven wondered why Lee hadn’t used his Conduit power on the child. Perhaps he had, and that was the reason she no longer screamed—he had drained and transferred her life energy to the point where she could not fight back.
Images of Haven’s burning house flashed through her mind—nightmarish memories of red flame from the night Lee and his twin brother Dane had set fire to her home. The fire had consumed the house as well as her parents. Haven thought it had taken her little brother Noah as well, but he had been kidnapped. She almost lost everything on one terrible night.
Haven grit her teeth and slowly pulled herself up over the ledge. She swung one leg up and then the other, then rolled onto her back, panting. Lee balanced easily as he walked the length of a long steel beam several stories up and jumped onto a small platform. He peered down over the ledge, grinning, and winked at Haven.
She clenched her jaw as refreshing blue fire crawled over her skin, then continued her climb up the building, after Lee.



2

The arrival of the survivors from Bernam’s torturous medical facility had necessitated a number of changes to the interior of the Dome compound, turning it into a different place than the cold, underground warehouse Colton Ross remembered when he first stepped through the door a year ago.
A second-story tier had been added to half of the main dome room—a platform fifteen feet off the ground that ran a half-circle along the inner wall and acted as an additional floor for bunks and storage. The platform started above the door to the water processing room and ran clockwise around the dome, over the dormitory hallway and Grove doors. A barred railing had been securely bolted to the edge. The platform was only ten feet wide—anything more would have resulted in the need for too many supporting pillars. The curvature of the dome was not too severe that low to the floor, and there was only a slight inward bent to the walls next to the bunks.
The addition of the new platform was not all that had changed. The general feeling of the place had somewhat warmed over as well. There was more carpeting in the livable spaces instead of the ubiquitous concrete that coated everything else. Practical lighting had been installed all over the main dome room—standing lamps and wall sconces—to make it seem less like a cavern and more like a communal gathering room. The mirrors that bounced light to the floor from the peak of the ceiling had been replaced with long light panels—rectangular strips of soft tube lights set into the concrete so their surfaces were flush with the wall.
Most of the survivors from the medical facility had departed after they healed, setting out into the world with the hope of finding some small piece of their former lives. Some had been Bernam’s prisoners for years. Colton held out little hope that they would be able to adapt to their new world. The long-term residents of the Dome—Marius, Corva, and the others—had made it plain to those departing that they were welcome back any time. The rest they left unsaid—that it was likely there was nothing for them out there besides confusion and disappointment. They had no jobs, and most of the older survivors were without family, having been deprived of loved ones just like Haven and many more who had been unfortunate enough to meet Bernam and Alistair.
Colton stood in the training room off the main dome room, leaning back against the wall near the door, and watched with no small amount of amusement as the two youngest residents of the Dome, Noah and Micah, sparred with broomsticks. There was no set rhythm to the young boys’ movements—no defining pattern that Colton could pick out from the loud cracks of stick against stick.
The boys would stop and formulate a plan for the next few swings—you go this way, I’ll go this way—and then execute their movements with the concentration of incompetent yet serious stage actors.
Still, thought Colton, they’re having fun.
The two boys had become quick friends after Noah’s arrival at the Dome last year. Micah had already been living there for a time without the company of someone close to his age. When Noah was saved from the medical facility by his older sister, Haven, and taken to the Dome, the boys had barely needed to be introduced before they were off and running.
Haven.
Colton’s heart tightened at the thought of her. He had wanted to follow her to Chicago the morning she left the Dome to hunt for Lee, but Marius and Corva had persuaded him otherwise. They said the outcome of the encounter would be decided long before he got there, and it would be unwise to leave the Dome unguarded. Colton pointed out that everyone was going to leave anyway before Haven ducked out early. Their reply was that Haven could more than handle the situation on her own, having grown into her abilities nicely over the past few months. They had initially planned to go mostly for support, but if Haven didn’t think she needed any, then so be it. Since she had decided to pursue Lee on her own, the rest of them could stay at the Dome and look after the remaining survivors.
Haven had stolen Dormer’s black sedan from the garage to get her from the Dome to the airport. Colton had no idea how she afforded the ticket unless someone else paid for it—the cost of gas and airfare were the only things keeping him from following her. Money didn’t exactly grow on trees, even in the Dome.
Crack-CRACK! went the broomsticks in rapid succession.
“Ow!” shouted Noah. He dropped his stick and sucked on one of his knuckles, cradling his injured hand with the other. He looked at the red skin on the back of his fingers and smiled. “It’s okay.”
Micah smiled with relief. He picked up Noah’s broomstick and handed it back to him.
“You’re getting better,” said Colton as he walked over. It was only half-true. The boys were becoming more accurate with their swings and timing, but their improvisation and follow-through was lacking. Colton himself was no expert, but Marius had been teaching him a thing or two about close-quarters combat in the quiet year since the destruction of the medical facility.
“Micah,” said Colton, “you need to keep your feet farther apart. Slide your left foot closer to your opponent.” Colton knelt down and pushed Micah’s heel until his foot slid forward. “That way if you take a hit you won’t fall over. Noah, you need to move your body in response to your opponent’s swings. Don’t keep your back so rigid or else an impact will hurt much more. If he swings at your midsection, you need to be able to twist to the side to help absorb the blow if you can’t block it entirely.”
“When’s Haven coming back?” asked Noah. He scratched at the center of his chest. Colton knew there was a vicious scar running down the middle of his ribcage from where Bernam had operated during one of his cruel experiments.
“Soon,” said Colton.
“Do you think she’s okay?”
“I hope so.”
The swinging door to the training room opened quickly and Marius appeared. He pointed at Colton.
“You,” he said in his thick Russian accent. “Come.” He pointed at Noah and Micah. “You and you, keep practicing. Marius could hear your clumsy fighting all the way in Russia.”
“You weren’t in Russia, Marius,” said Noah. “You were standing right outside the door! We saw you!”
Colton smiled as he walked past Marius into the dome room.
“Maybe so,” said Marius to the boys. “But still you must practice. It makes perfect, after all.”
As the door swung closed, Noah said, “He always says that.”
Colton followed Marius to a cluttered section of the dome room floor. Tall racks of machine parts and tables topped with electronics were all crammed near one section of the wall. Corva, Marius’s wife, sat at the only computer terminal in the entire compound. There were no connections to the outside world from inside the Dome besides a single radio scanner. The risk of being discovered was too great to keep cell phones and other connective devices in the compound.
The glow from the computer screen flickered on Corva’s face and turned her neck-length white hair to a dull yellow. “Look at this,” she said as Colton and Marius walked over. She turned the screen toward them and punched a few keys on the keyboard.
A window popped up in the middle of the screen that showed a security camera view of the only entrance to the Dome. It was a wide roll-up door sunk into the base of a rocky mountain above the complex. The door led to a garage and then to an elevator. The elevator ran down a wide shaft and ended in a long hallway which fed directly into the Dome.
A group of men in black combat gear and face-masks slowly walked around the garage door and on the mountain above it. Each carried some type of heavy assault rifle.
“How did they find us?” asked Colton.
“We would have to ask them,” said Marius.
“I wonder why they don’t blast the door,” said Corva.
Marius frowned. “Maybe they are not trying to get inside.”
The group of men moved away from the garage door and walked out of the camera’s range.
“Can you follow them?” asked Colton.
Corva punched a few keys and the image on the screen cycled through several more angles, all pointed down at the front door.
“That’s all I have,” she said.
Colton slowly looked up the smooth, concrete walls of the dome room, past the bunks on the second tier, and at the large fan spinning slowly at the very peak. An unsettling thought occurred to him as he stared at its giant, rotating blades.
“Where’s Dormer?” he asked.
“Why?” asked Corva. “What do you—”
BOOOOM!
A loud explosion rocked the ceiling of the dome. The large fan broke out of its setting and hung by a thick bundle of cable a few feet below the ceiling.
Marius pointed up as the fan swung from its cables and said, “They definitely try to get inside!”



3

Haven climbed quickly, using the steel beams of the unfinished building like the rungs of a giant ladder.
The wind grew stronger as she climbed, ripping at her clothes and whipping her brown, red-streaked hair into her face. The beams became so scarce near the top of the building that soon she had to climb a vertical beam by using rough-cut holes in the center as hand-grips. The sharp edges of the holes cut into her palms as she climbed.
Lee had disappeared right after his brother was killed in the assault on Bernam’s medical facility last year. Haven and a group of people like her had gone to the facility to save Noah after she found out they were using him for experimentation. She found him along with other victims of Bernam’s mad plan to turn himself into a hybrid—a Nova. Haven assumed her friend Dormer had killed both Dane and his brother Lee during the attack—the severity of Lee’s wounds would have suggested no other outcome—but, like the cockroach he was, Lee had survived.
Now he was running loose in Chicago, and had already killed at least five people. The police were baffled at the way the victims were murdered—drained of life until their skin turned black and their eyes shriveled to the size of raisins. The crew back at the Dome had immediately recognized Lee’s pattern of chaos and murder.
They were to go after him as a group, but they wanted to wait another day to prepare. Haven felt guilty about letting Lee go in the first place, and so she decided to take the situation into her own hands.
She didn’t say goodbye to Colton, as much as she had wanted to. His dark, too-shaggy hair had been sticking out of the top of his sleeping bag when Haven snuck past his room and out of the complex. She paused briefly, debating whether or not to invite him to go with her, but she knew the best place for him was at the Dome. He had become an integral part of the group, as had she, so she thought it was best that one of them remain behind.
Besides, thought Haven as she pulled herself up onto a horizontal beam, this was supposed to be easy.
The beam reached out over the side of the building and extended a few feet into the air. A sudden drop of twenty-five stories was the only thing between the steel and the concrete parking lot far below.
Lee stood at the very edge of the beam, facing Haven. The little girl stood in front of him, her eyes open wide. He kept his hands firmly on her shoulders as Haven walked slowly toward him.
“I wouldn’t do that,” he said.
He squeezed the girl’s shoulders and her face turned pale. He was leeching her vitality—her very life force. His cheeks flushed red and his eyes sparkled with new life.
Haven was forced to stand ten feet away from them on the beam, helpless. She meant to find out the reason why he was suddenly back in the mix—why he had chosen now of all times to reappear—but with each passing moment, she held out less and less hope that he would talk.
Now that they were close, Haven could tell that something was wrong with him. As soon as the flush of fresh blood left his cheeks, an odd paleness sank into his skin. The whites of his eyes darkened and black veins crept up his neck from beneath the collar of his shirt.
Lee coughed and shook his head violently, then he laughed.
“This was supposed to be an even match,” he said. His Australian accent was thick with anger. “But look at me. Soon I’ll be useless.” He squeezed the little girl harshly. “Just like her and the rest of the sheep down there.” His eyes glazed over and for a moment Haven thought he fell asleep standing up. Haven took a step forward, then his eyes snapped open and she stopped. Lee glared at her suspiciously. “I thought the other guy was going to come after me. Dormer.”
Haven risked taking another small step forward.
“Is that why you killed those people?” she asked. “You wanted Dormer to come and find you?”
Lee shook his head. “That was just a bonus to pay him back for what he did to Dane. I needed to kill those people.”
As he spoke, the skin of his face turned grey. He gasped and pulled the little girl close. All color left her skin and her eyes rolled up as Lee drained more life from her small body.
“Stop it!” shouted Haven. The harsh blue flames that preceded a violent outburst flared from her skin and raced up and down her body.
“I needed to do it,” said Lee, but he was no longer talking to Haven. Whatever sickness affected him was rapidly accelerating. The little girl’s life energy was no longer enough to maintain his own health. “Look at me,” he said. “What a waste. I’m lucky my abilities lasted as long as they did. With most people they disappear right away. Go figure.”
“I’ll jump after you,” said Haven. “You’re not getting away.”
He tried to smile but could not. “I know.”
With a gentle push from Lee, the little girl fell off the steel beam.
“No!” screamed Haven. She lunged for the girl and caught her by the wrist. The weight of her body pulled Haven off the beam. She slipped over the side and wrapped her arm around the beam at the last possible moment. The combined weight of them both almost ripped Haven’s arm free as they dangled high above the city. She groaned as she fought to keep her shoulder from popping out of its socket.
“Nice catch,” said Lee.
He closed his eyes and fell backward off the beam.
Haven watched his body fall toward the ground. She turned away at the moment of impact and saw that the little girl was looking up at her calmly. A groan of exertion quickly turned to a scream of pain as Haven lifted the little girl up onto the beam. She clung to it and reached down to grab Haven’s collar with one hand, her small fingers—ineffective but comforting—clutching to save her rescuer. Haven pulled herself up, kicking at the air until she was able to swing her body onto the beam. The little girl hugged her close as Haven lay on her back, looking up at the clear blue sky above Chicago.
“You’re safe now,” said Haven as she gently rubbed the girl’s back. “You’re safe.”



4

BOOOM!
The large ceiling fan exploded into pieces.
“Look out!” shouted Marius. He grabbed Corva and pulled her to the side just as one of the massive fan blades pierced her chair and stabbed into the concrete floor. The metal hissed from the heat of the explosion.
BOOOM!
Fire belched down through the hole in the ceiling and licked into the dome. Huge chunks of dirt and concrete fell from above, crushing equipment and tables. Large cracks split the walls near the peak.
“What are they doing?!” shouted Corva.
Colton looked around the room. Dormer was on the second tier, crouched next to the bed of his injured brother, Adsen. He watched the ceiling anxiously. Micah and Noah ran out of the training room, their eyes wide.
Noah said something but the sound of his voice was lost in noise as the ceiling fan housing popped out and crashed to the middle of the dome floor. The stone fire pit in the center of the room shattered under the weight of the huge metal box.
“Get back!” shouted Colton, waving at the two boys. 
They stared up at the widening hole in the ceiling until finally Micah grabbed Noah’s sleeve and pulled him back into the training room.
BOOOM!
All of the concrete surrounding the peak of the dome broke away. A few large chunks of dirt fell from the edges of the ragged hole, allowing sunlight to penetrate the dome. A bright shaft of yellow light shot down and illuminated a wide circle in the middle of the floor, highlighting the crushed fire pit and the broken fan housing.
A man’s head peered over the edge of the hole, silhouetted against the light. The outline of several more heads appeared next to the first.
Marius growled and raised a closed fist at the ceiling.
“I teach them to poke their heads in here.”
Corva pushed his arm down to his side. “Don’t! You’ll bring down the whole roof.”
“It’s already down!” he bellowed.
“I think they’re leaving,” said Colton.
The silhouetted heads slowly disappeared from the opening high above. A moment later, a distant booooom rocked the walls of the Dome.
“Sounds like they’re collapsing the garage,” said Corva.
“We will be trapped,” said Marius.
Colton heard huge chunks of rock crashing down on equipment in the garage, crunching metal and grinding against the smooth walls.
A long minute of silence followed and Colton stood slowly, brushing a layer of dust from his face and looking up at the gaping hole in the dome ceiling. A metal cube the size of a microwave fell through the hole. The shiny box spun down like a thrown die cube and hit the concrete floor on one flat side with a hollow thooooommmm.
Marius stood and walked toward the cube but Corva grabbed his arm and pulled him back. He yanked his arm away in protest but stopped when one side of the cube popped off with a loud hiss and clattered to the floor. White steam poured from the opening. Thin strips of glowing orange lights were barely visible within.
“What are those?” asked Colton.
The steam cleared and he saw that the cube was filled with small silver spheres, each one the size of a baseball and encircled with a thin strip of orange light. The orange lights pulsed slowly and the spheres started to hum.
“We must go,” said Marius.
He helped Corva to her feet just as one of the spheres flew out of the box and slapped against his back. Marius cursed in Russian and grabbed at the skin between his shoulder blades where the sphere was pressing against him, but he couldn’t reach it. Corva spun him around and grabbed the sphere. She pulled it away from his skin and Marius screamed—a three-inch needle protruded from the sphere and was covered with Marius’s blood.
Clear liquid dripped from the end of the needle.
“It injected something into him,” said Corva.
“Run!” shouted Colton.
The rest of the spheres hummed loudly. They hovered slowly in the air above the metal cube. The strip of orange light on the spheres pulsed so rapidly that it became a solid strip. Dust on the floor beneath some of the lower spheres moved outward from their built-in propulsion systems.
Colton pushed Marius and Corva toward the dormitory hallway next to the Grove entrance—they might be able to make it to one of the apartment rooms and seal the door behind them. He turned back to look at the training room. Two spheres hit the swinging door and pushed it open slowly, their orange strips of light glowing brightly as their tiny engines struggled with exertion. Colton wanted to stop and go back for Noah and Micah but Marius grabbed his shoulder.
“Something is wrong,” he said as they ran. “I try to make the flame, but cannot.”
He held up his hands and clenched his fists—usually covered in bright orange flame when there was trouble—but there was no fire, just a faint orange glow on his palms.
Colton stopped when they reached the dormitory hallway and turned to face several rapidly approaching spheres. He focused on the space directly in front of him and waited to detect the electrical fields of the spheres as they approached. If he was lucky, he could drain them of power before they got too close.
He wasn’t lucky.
The closest sphere shot toward him in a blur and smacked into his chest. Colton reached down to swat it away and the needle broke off in his skin. The orange light in the sphere dimmed as the lifeless ball of metal rolled away on the floor. Colton pinched the tiny edge of needle protruding from the center of his chest and slowly pulled out three inches of thin steel.
Another sphere flew past him before he could swat it down and turned the corner of the hallway. A moment later, Corva screamed.
Colton looked up at the second tier of the dome and saw that the spheres were circling over the cots that lined the inner wall. Dormer was crouched under one of the flimsy beds with his brother Adsen beside him.
One of the patients stood and tried to run but as soon as he moved a sphere shot toward him and slapped into his neck. The man screamed and fell to the ground.
Dormer stood and held out an open palm toward the rest of the floating spheres, trying to use his formidable Conduit power to drain them of energy, just as Colton had done—but they were too fast. The strip of orange light encircling their centers glowed intensely and streaked trails through the air as the spheres sought out and burrowed against the remaining inhabitants of the Dome.
Before he knew what hit him, Dormer lowered his arm and looked behind his left shoulder at one of the humming spheres. He pulled it slowly away from his skin and threw away the long needle that had stuck into his back.
Colton stepped to the side as Marius and Corva walked back from the dormitories.
“It takes your ability,” she said to Colton. “We’re useless.”
Colton reached out and grasped for any kind of energy he could find. He tried for the heat from the lights around the room and even for some electrical current coursing through the wires buried in the dome walls, but he could draw only a fraction of what was available.
A loud crackle of blue electricity echoed through the hole in the ceiling.
“Now what?” asked Marius.
Everyone in the cavernous room stood and looked up as thick strands of piercingly bright, blue lightning shot through the hole in the ceiling and probed the inner wall of the dome. The ends of the lightning strands burned jagged black streaks in the smooth concrete wall as they crawled down toward the floor.
Colton tried to ignore the beauty of the controlled chaos but was mesmerized at the way the lightning arced down through the hole and moved over the surface of the walls—almost like the searching, slow-moving tentacles of a huge octopus.
A young woman appeared at the hole in the ceiling. Her eyes burned with brilliant, dark blue energy. The lightning was coming from her. The strands emanated from a spot between her shoulder blades and arced out in all directions like the long legs of an electric spider. The lightning supported her weight as she lowered herself down to the dome room floor.
Colton immediately thought of Haven, but then he realized that Haven’s blue energy was lighter in color—more like the sky on a perfect day and less like a dark blue neon sign.
The young woman’s feet softly touched the floor and the arcs of lightning slowly retreated from the walls and disappeared into her back. She stood proudly in the center of the dome room, waiting.
Colton took a step forward and her head snapped around to face him. The blue energy faded from her eyes as she fixed him with a cold stare. Her straight, shiny black hair went down to the middle of her back. She was dressed in tight-fitting, black leather pants and a black leather jacket over a loose white shirt.
“You don’t belong here,” said Colton. He walked toward her, not really knowing how to make her leave without the use of his ability.
“That’s not a good idea,” said Dormer from the second floor.
Before Colton could stop, a long arc of lightning erupted from the woman’s back and slammed into his chest like a scorpion’s stinger, pinning him down to the ground. The energy burned into him as if someone were holding a taser to his chest. He convulsed and his fists clenched so tightly he thought the bones in his fingers would snap.
Colton tried to absorb some of the energy, but it was pointless—he either had no control over his ability or his ability had been completely taken from him, just as Corva said.
The blue light vanished from his vision and he lay on the floor, gasping for air. He slowly uncurled his hands and sat up, glaring with malice at the intruder. She returned his stare without emotion, then tilted up her head to address everyone in the Dome.
“My name is Kamiko Masura,” she said with a slight Japanese accent, “and you are all my prisoners.”



5

O’Hare International Airport in Chicago looked like a giant alien crab from above, with eight of the concourses laid out like legs from a fat body which housed all of the parking.
Haven tightened a strap on her backpack as she walked down one of the long legs—Concourse G—on the way to the terminal where her plane would take her back to Montana and back to Colton. She hadn’t realized how much she missed him until she had time to calm down after the incident in downtown Chicago. Seeing Lee brought back a flood of painful memories that she had tried hard to forget over the last few months.
The airport was busy. The long corridor of Concourse G that led to Haven’s terminal was packed with people of all shapes and sizes, wearing everything from tuxedos to pajamas. A woman bumped into Haven as she ran past, mumbling a quick apology but more worried about the row of five kids she was towing behind, each one shorter than the next and each one grasping their siblings’ hands as they hurried to keep up.
Haven moved to the side of the wide hallway and walked next to the wall. It seemed as if no one was paying attention to her unless they almost ran her over, but she still felt like a beacon of weirdness in a sea of normality. Her powerful ability wasn’t visible to anyone just by looking at her, yet she felt so different that it was hard to forget she looked just like everyone else—like the normal teenage girl who would be celebrating her eighteenth birthday tomorrow.
If the Dome had a telephone, she would have called Noah to see how he was doing. Haven felt guilty about leaving him even though she knew he was safer with Colton and the others than he would have been with her. There was also the gnawing guilt that she had broken the promise she made to Elena right before the old woman’s passing—the promise to watch over those with abilities and to keep them safe. The only way for Haven to allay the feelings of guilt was to convince herself that going after Lee had been the right thing to do in order to stop him from hurting anyone else.
Marius, Corva, and Dormer could look after the others, at least until she got back. Besides, Haven wasn’t nearly as strong as Elena told her she would become. She had said that the Phoenix energy would leave Elena and pass on to Haven if she was the next in line to receive it—and if she was “worthy”, whatever that meant.
Apparently, she was not.
There was no change in the year since Elena’s death. It wasn’t easy for Haven to live her life every day knowing that she could suddenly die without warning if the Phoenix power decided she was next. Elena had glossed over that aspect of the transformation—the fact that the next Phoenix had to die in order to receive its power. What terrified Haven the most was the idea that, even if it killed her, the Phoenix energy could pass her over if it found she was the wrong person for the job after all.
The only explanation Haven could think of was that there was someone else out in the world with blue fire like hers—another young woman who was somehow more worthy to receive the gift. It didn’t bother Haven as much as it seemed to bother Dormer. For her, nothing had changed. She never had the Phoenix energy in the first place, so it didn’t really matter if it never came to her at all. For some reason, the idea of the energy passing to someone besides Haven troubled Dormer deeply. He would occasionally ask her if she noticed anything different about her ability, and when she told him no, he would go off alone for hours, pacing and sulking in his workshop.
Haven had spent months digging up all the information she could on the Phoenix and Void energies—the two most powerful manifestations of Source and Conduit abilities. The lack of scientific explanation maddened her to no end. There were no books on the subject because no one wanted to risk the information falling into the wrong hands. Every bit of lore regarding Haven’s own kind was restricted to little more than campfire stories, passed verbally from one person to the next.
As far as she could tell from her limited investigations, most Sources and Cons believed that the Phoenix and Void energies resided firmly in either one of two categories: spiritual or natural.
Those who believed them to be spiritual imagined the Phoenix presence as a being of pure light, constantly shedding its energy into the world. The Void was a creature of absolute darkness, drawing life from others to sustain its own existence. Not everyone believed those descriptions were completely accurate, but Haven found they more or less summed up that school of thought.
The other side of the argument was maintained by those who believed the energies to be naturally occurring—byproducts of evolution or flukes in the system, manifested organically for any number of reasons. Corva had a particularly interesting theory. She believed the Phoenix and Void energies were natural events and only occurred if certain criteria were met, much like the formation of a hurricane. If just one necessary requirement for the energies was slightly off—just as if the opposing winds that formed a hurricane were not quite the right temperatures, elevation, or strength—they were absent completely. There were periods in history where neither Void nor Phoenix seemed to be present. Yet if the perfect host environment existed, one of the two energies would bloom.
Haven liked that idea the best, even though she could find no evidence to support it. There was no explanation about what kind of criteria must be present in order for the Phoenix or Void energy to take root. Also unexplained was the fact that the Void energy could be transferred and the Phoenix energy could not. Once Bernam had stripped Elena of her gift, he could not inherit her powerful ability, no matter how hard he tried. Whatever laws governed the Phoenix energy, it was clear they didn’t allow for any kind of forced manipulation.
Yet Alistair had successfully stolen the Void ability from Bernam. The energy had not abandoned him after it was forcefully taken. Haven thought it spoke to the dark nature of the Void energy that it could be taken by one stronger than its host.
She and Corva had talked about it for hours, discussing the possibilities as they stayed up late into the night, giggling like crazy after the conversation shifted to Colton and Marius.
Haven smiled as she remembered.
Concourse G ended in a cul-de-sac of boarding terminals. It was much quieter in that part of the airport. Haven used her last three dollars to buy a pathetically small bag of gummy bears and found an empty seat against the wall of her terminal. She put her backpack in the seat to her left and looked around. The digital screen over one of the kiosks said the plane had landed and would be ready for boarding soon. She crossed her legs and ate the gummy bears—first biting off the head of each, then eating the rest—one at a time while she waited for the attendant to announce the call for boarding.
It hit her that she didn’t like being out in the so-called real world. She missed the Grove with its perfect rows of ancient trees, both alive and dead. The dead ones were a sign they had once been used to give life to someone like her—someone on the verge of death. Haven missed the loud meals in the meeting area in the middle of the dome room around the fire pit. She missed chasing her brother Noah and his friend Micah around the training room. Around her, in real world, no one was connected, even though technology told them otherwise. They used their phones and their computers as an excuse to keep people at distance even though they pretended the devices brought everyone closer together.
Haven bit the head off another gummy bear and stopped. A man was staring at her from across the terminal. He had been looking her way for a while—which wasn’t too unheard of, even though she hadn’t been able to properly clean up after her little romp through the city chasing after Lee—but instead of the casual glances everyone gave each other at an airport, he stared directly at her.
He sat at the terminal to the left of hers, in front of the large windows that looked out over the tarmac. He looked to be in his mid-twenties, had short-cropped red hair, fair skin, a black trench-coat, and no luggage. The sharp points of what was probably a much larger tattoo showed above his coat collar all around his neck like some kind of spiked necklace. He smiled at Haven and she looked away.
Another man was staring at her from the terminal to the right. He was farther away but Haven could tell he was also young, with strong features and dark hair. He casually leaned back against the wall next to a row of seats with his arms crossed and one ankle resting on the other, looking right at Haven.
“Hi,” said a voice to her left.
Haven jumped and turned. The man with the red hair was sitting next to her with her backpack in his lap. His approach had been completely silent. She ripped her bag away and held on to it tightly but didn’t stand up. Instead she let a small flicker of blue flame show in her eyes.
The man smiled easily, revealing small lines in his skin near the outside corners of his eyes which showed it was something he did often. “Atta girl,” he said with a Scottish accent. “I heard you had some spirit. Don’t worry, I’m not here to hurt you. My name’s Bastian.” He wasn’t offended when Haven didn’t offer her own name.
“What about him?” she said, nodding toward the man standing against the wall.
“He won’t hurt you either. But you see that guy over there?”
Haven followed his pointing finger to a thin, older man wearing sunglasses, seated two rows away with his back to them.
“So?”
“You don’t recognize him?”
“Should I?”
Bastian smiled again. “This is fun, isn’t it? Question for question. You should know him, ay, considering he’s working for Alistair.”
Haven looked at Bastian. She studied his face, confused. “Alistair’s dead,” she said softly.
“No,” he said. “He most definitely is not.”



6

“But—but how is that possible?” asked Haven. “I brought a whole building down on his head!”
“You and your friends did a number on him last year, no doubt about that. But he’s not what he used to be, in the worst kind of way. My problem is that nobody knows where he is.”
“Are you here for me, or him?” asked Haven, nodding toward the thin man.
Bastian smiled. “We started out looking for him. You’re just a wee bonus.”
“You know what I am?”
“I think I can recognize my own kind,” he said. He winked and a small flicker of pale yellow flame flashed across his eyes. Movement from the thin man two rows over caught his attention and Bastian looked over. The man shifted in his seat, crossed his legs, and opened a newspaper to the business page.
“So you’re here for him,” said Haven. “Why is he here?”
“He’s here for you,” said Bastian.
“Why?”
He hesitated. “You probably don’t want to know. Let’s just say it wouldn’t be fun if he caught you. But you can help me since you’re here.”
Haven looked over at Bastian’s partner. He was standing away from the wall, eyes fixed on the thin man. “How?” she asked at last.
“I’m looking for the Dome.”
Blue flames danced in her eyes and her cheeks flushed red. “How do you know about that?” she demanded. Bastian held up his hands and leaned away.
“Easy,” he said. “Easy there. I meant nothing by it. My partner and I—his name’s Roku, by the way—straight from Japan, doesn’t speak a lick of English.” Bastian couldn’t stop himself from laughing and Haven had a hard time staying angry. “Anyway,” continued Bastian, “we’re looking for more people like us. Alistair’s building up his strength after his little run-in with someone powerful enough to put him down for a while and—”
“What do you mean?”
“You didn’t hear about that?”
“I guess I’m a little out of the loop,” she said.
“We don’t know what happened, but apparently Alistair battled with someone in western Australia last month. They pretty much wrecked thirty miles of coastline in the process. Supposedly it was a ‘gas leak’ from some nonexistent sulfur mine but the people in charge will say anything to stop a panic.”
“Who was it?”
“Like I said, no one knows. But the way I heard it from my folks, it takes a Nova to stop a Nova.”
Haven hung on that word: Nova. Hybrid. A person with the gift of both Source and Conduit—able to create their own energy and expend it freely, without worry of overloading their system. The need for a counterpart was eliminated, meaning that—unlike normal Sources and Cons—a Nova did not have to rely on another person to reach their full potential.
Haven’s little brother, Noah, was such a person, though still too young to utilize his ability.
She realized Bastian was staring at her.
“So, you know,” he said, “if you could maybe show us to the Dome so we could get some recruits, that would be great.”
“Recruits?”
“Och, weren’t you listening? You zoned out on me. Roku and I are going after Alistair. We’re going to take him down.”
“But you’re not a Nova.”
“Thanks fer noticin’. That’s why we need more help, right? I mean, Roku and I are tough guys, in case I haven’t mentioned it already, but not tough enough to handle Alistair on our own. He’s got his minions out in the world while he’s healing, wreaking all kinds of havoc in society. Mr. Skinny over there,” he said, wagging a finger at the thin man two rows away, “is just one of a dozen people running around, killing innocent bystanders and doing who-knows-what-else in Alistair’s name.”
“I can’t take you to the Dome,” said Haven. “As long as no one knows where it is, it’s safe.”
“Aw, you can’t leave me out in the cold like that,” said Bastian. “Why don’t you come with us, then?”
“With you?”
“Do ye have to sound so disgusted? Come with us. Help us put Alistair down for good.”
Haven shook her head. “I made a promise and I have to go back. Alone. I shouldn’t have left in the first place.”
Bastian sighed heavily and looked at her. “Alright,” he said in defeat. “I had to try. To our lonely deaths we go, to lay our bones before the mighty dragon.”
“Is that from a book?”
“Just something I say every time Roku and I go off to fight the bad guy.” He paused thoughtfully. “Maybe I’ll write a book someday. Well, nice to meet ye.” He held out his hand and after a moment of hesitation, Haven shook it.
Like a camera flash in a dark room, images popped into her mind. Scenes of graphic violence in distant lands, of people she had never before seen. Bastian firmly gripped her hand and a burst of images played out like some hyperspeed slide show. One man was recognizable through every evil image—the thin man seated in the airport two rows away.
Bastian released her hand and waited. Haven felt sick to her stomach. Her skin was pale and a thin sheen of sweat coated her body. She swallowed and her throat felt like it was coated with sandpaper.
“What was that?” she whispered.
“I’m sorry,” said Bastian, his voice genuine. “I piggybacked some of Roku’s memories when we touched. He’s a Conduit, see, and he’s figured how to send out basic images. He gave me some to hold on to in case you needed convincing. Pretty neat, right? Memories are energy, after all. Electrical impulses in the brain. I’m glad it worked—never really tried it before.” 
Haven looked at the thin man. Over the intercom, an attendant announced that her plane was boarding. It took great effort to decide to go back to Montana instead of staying for a while longer to fight the thin man and find Alistair, but she had to keep her promise and she didn’t want innocent people in the airport to die on her account. “What are you going to do to him?” she asked.
“Stop him from hurting anyone else, any way we can.”
“Here?”
“No. When he leaves the terminal. Too many people around. Too much of a mess for Helix to clean up.”
“Who’s Helix?”
“You are out of the loop, aren’t you? It’s not a who, it’s a what. Helix Scientific is a watchdog organization disguised as a research think-tank. They keep an eye on people like us and clean up our messes to keep the news away from the public. They say it’s to keep us safe, ay, but there’s no way to really know. Roku and I used to work for them, but we quit. That doesn’t matter now. You have a plane to catch. Don’t worry, though. Mr. Skinny will have to deal with us before he tries for you.”
“Why protect me if I won’t help you? You don’t even know me.”
“All I have to know is that you’re good,” he said, then pointed to the thin man, “and he’s bad. It doesn’t get any easier than that. Not for me, anyway.”
Haven stood and shouldered her backpack. “I’m sorry,” she said. “Too many people are depending on me.”
Bastian’s smile was as genuine as his first. “You stay out of trouble, Haven Kincaid.”
She walked toward the plane, only barely pausing in mid-stride when she realized he had used her full name, and that she had never given it to him during the conversation. Just before the attendant took her ticket and she stepped onto the gangway leading to the plane, Haven looked back.
Bastian and Roku were both on their feet, walking in a slow circle around the seated thin man. He carefully folded his newspaper and set it aside, then took off his glasses and put them in his pocket. He stood and walked toward an exit on the other side of the terminal.
Someone bumped into Haven from behind and apologized. When Haven looked back again, Bastian, Roku, and the thin man were gone.
She waited in the long line on the gangway to board the plane. They always seemed to get everyone in line to wait standing up instead of staying comfortably in their seats until they could just walk on the plane. When she finally got on board, Haven took a right and headed away from First Class and into Coach, or “Regular Business Class” as the airline marketing gurus invented. The carefully-chosen phrase didn’t make her feel any more special when she had to sit in the middle seat between two bulky men who took up every inch of both armrests. Fortunately she didn’t take up much room herself, so Haven crossed her arms and settled back into her seat for the three hour flight to Montana.
The plane pushed back from the jetway and rolled out to the runway. The engines whined to full power and Haven was pressed back into her seat as the plane accelerated. It was just barely possible for her to look over the man’s huge belly next to her to see the ground drop away. The plane banked to the right and, at the last second, just before the runway disappeared, she saw the thin man standing alone on the tarmac.
He was looking right at her.
Haven’s breath caught in her throat and she shrank back into her seat. She closed her eyes and tried to convince herself that she hadn’t seen him, but it was not her imagination. Every passing moment beat slower as she looked around the cabin. Children, mothers, fathers, grandparents, infants—there were so many people on board.
The engine on her side of the plane stuttered once and slowed down, then spun back to full power. The passengers stopped talking and looked out the windows. The other engine whined as it lost power and the plane dipped to the left. People screamed as their loose belongings tumbled to that side of the plane. One woman who was walking to the bathroom fell across an aisle full of old men, who held her up while the plane continued its slow sideways roll.
The overhead speakers crackled to life. “Uh, ladies and gentlemen, this is your Captain speaking.” His voice was more calm than it had a right to be. “Uh, we’re having some slight technical problems up here in the cockpit and if you’ll just bear with us, hopefully we can—
His voice cut out when the second engine died.



7

There was a moment of brief silence as the plane hung in the air, both engines dead. The lights in the cabin blinked out and everyone screamed.
The plane groaned as it glided through the air without power. It rolled to the right and Haven saw the ground rapidly approaching. They crossed over other runways as they drifted closer to the ground, picking up speed as they fell.
Then they were back over solid tarmac as the tip of the right wing hit the ground. Haven saw it like it was happening in slow motion: the wing grinding into the tarmac inch by inch as the plane got closer to the ground. Then the tarmac vanished and a green blur of grass filled the tiny window. The right wing snapped off and the body of the plane hit the ground.
Haven’s screams were drowned out by a chorus of screeches just loud enough to fight the horrendous groan of metal as the plane buckled. The nose dug deep into the ground as the body turned sideways and the plane started to roll. The left wing swung up over the plane and smashed down into the ground, snapping like a twig. The plane rolled over the wing and across the grass, like a long tube pushed down a steep hill. Oxygen masks popped down from the ceiling and slapped around wildly. Haven’s seat belt was tight or else she would have been tumbling around the cabin with a dozen other people. The overhead compartments popped open and luggage slammed around the cabin like rocks in a dryer.
The body of the plane hit a large embankment and rolled up onto it—and stopped. There was a collective sigh of relief from the passengers who weren’t unconscious, and then another round of hopeless screams when the plane rolled slowly back down the embankment and came to a stop.
Haven unbuckled her seat belt with shaking hands. The two men on either side of her were unconscious. She tried to shake them awake but they were out cold.
The plane had finally come to a rest on its left side. Haven had to put her feet down toward the other aisle as she lowered herself over the man next to her and out of her seat. She held onto the armrests as she found her footing. A few aisles in front of her, a group of people were working to open the emergency exit overhead. The door popped inward and a woman in a torn business suit pushed it to the side.
One by one, survivors exited the plane. Haven waited until it was her turn to leave. Two men and the woman in the torn business suit stood around the doorway, helping people up onto the side of the plane. Haven looked around—there were no flight attendants in sight. The cockpit door was sealed tight.
The two men by the emergency exit gave Haven a boost out. She stood on the plane and looked back at the trail of destruction left in its wake. For about a half-mile back toward the airport, a deep scar had been gouged into the ground. The first part of the scar was cut into the tarmac and was littered with wreckage from one of the broken wings. Then the scar turned into a ragged trench carved deep in the soil once the body of the plane hit the grass. Smoke billowed from the broken engines in the distance.
A large yellow ramp had inflated from the emergency exit and connected with the ground next to the plane. Haven slid down and rolled off next to the other passengers. She brushed off her hands and tried to see if there was anything she could do to help. Most of the passengers stumbled a few feet away from the plane and sat heavily on the ground. Clothes were torn, skin was cut. Parents comforted children and children clung to their parents. Sirens wailed in the distance.
Haven saw one child pointing back toward the airport, and she turned to look. The thin man was walking toward the plane. He was injured and his clothes were slightly burnt. A slender trail of smoke rose from his coat as he walked. Haven wondered what had happened to Bastian and Roku. The thin man moved slowly but deliberately, as if he knew he had all the time in the world. Haven ran. She ran away from the plane because she knew he was coming for her, but she didn’t know what he would do to the other passengers. She ran because she knew without knowing that he was the person who crashed the plane, and if he was that strong—if he could use his Conduit ability to bring down an airplane—then no one was safe while she was nearby.
The thin man watched her run and changed course. He stopped and looked up at the sky as if he heard a distant noise, then turned back toward the airport. A luggage cart sped toward the wrecked airplane. Bastian drove and Roku rode on the bench next to him, both of them staring intently ahead. A moment later, a pale yellow streak of energy erupted from Bastian’s fist and slammed into the thin man’s chest. He screamed as he was launched into the air and flew back ten feet. The plasma dissipated and he fell to the ground in a sizzling heap.
Bastian stopped the luggage cart next to Haven and got out from behind the wheel. Roku hopped out of the passenger’s seat and went around back, toward the thin man.
“You alright?” asked Bastian, looking Haven over.
“Just a few scratches. What about you?”
He and Roku both looked as if they had been fighting hard. A long cut ran down one side of Bastian’s face and one sleeve of his jacket was ripped to shreds, revealing a bloody arm beneath.
“We’ll live,” he said. “You should get out of here. Take the buggy. We’ll look after these folks.” He nodded toward the passengers.
“They’ve seen what you can do,” said Haven.
“Ay, that they have. It’s gonna cost Helix a bundle to keep them quiet.” The idea seemed to make him genuinely happy.
“I’ll stay and fight,” said Haven. She tried to go to the other side of the luggage cart but Bastian grabbed her arm.
“He can’t get his hands on you, Haven. There’s no telling what Alistair will do if he has you. Roku and I will take care of this.”
There was a sudden shift in air pressure and the breath was instantly sucked out of Haven’s chest. Her vision blurred and she became dizzy. The same thing happened to Bastian. He blinked heavily and stumbled against the luggage cart.
“Go,” he whispered. “Now.”
He moved around to the other side of the cart and there was a brilliant flash of yellow light. The thin man rolled away from the luggage cart, yellow plasma trailing after him. Haven could breathe again. She quickly got into the cart and slammed down the gas pedal. The cart wouldn’t do more than fifteen miles an hour, but it was enough to get her back to the main section of the airport. She passed several emergency vehicles on the way, sirens blaring as they sped toward the plane.
Haven stopped the cart outside of the nearest terminal. An employee in a bright orange vest ran up to her to make sure she was alright, then helped her inside the airport and called for a doctor. Most of what happened after that was a blur. Someone told her that the other passengers would be looked after. Amid the noise, she overheard a flight attendant assuring a group of people that the airline would do everything it could to make sure the passengers of the plane made it back home safely.
Haven looked out through the window across the tarmac as people buzzed around her, giving her water, cleaning her cuts, asking her questions. She watched the small bursts of pale yellow light in the distance by the crashed airplane—she watched three small figures dance around as they fought for survival.



8

Colton awoke to the sound of screaming. He sat up quickly and almost vomited from the nausea that rolled through his stomach like a wave. He was in his own bed in his own room—alone. The metal door to the corridor which led to the main dome room was sealed. Colton swung his legs slowly over the edge of the mattress and stood, waiting a moment for his head to clear. His throat was dry and he felt as if he hadn’t eaten in days. The middle of his chest burned as he remembered the blue arc of lightning slamming him to the ground before he lost consciousness.
His room was a small compartment off the main dormitory hallway next to the Grove. It looked more like a room in a submarine than actual living quarters, with its rust-covered metal walls and a porthole-type door set two feet off the ground. A big metal wheel with a horizontal locking mechanism was bolted to the middle of the heavy door.
Colton grabbed the wheel and used what little strength was in him to try and open the door. It was useless—locked from the outside. When he let go of the wheel it felt like he had just sprinted ten miles. He sank to the ground, breathing heavily from what should have only been minor exertion. He held out his hands. Faint black lines ran beneath his skin. He pulled up the cuffs of his pant legs and looked at his shins and calves—the thin black veins were very dim beneath his skin, but they were there, creeping higher up his legs.
He sat on the floor, trying to catch his breath, when the wheel on the door clanked to one side. Colton quickly stood and backed away as the door swung open. He was careful to slow his breathing and hide his exhaustion.
A big man wearing a full set of black body armor stepped into the room. He wore a black, streamlined gas mask that hugged his face tightly, almost like an ultra-thin motorcycle helmet. Instead of a single visor as a face-shield, the mask had two faceted oval patches for eyes, like the eyes of a giant hornet.
The mouth of the mask protruded slightly from the sleek material around it and hissed menacingly as the soldier approached. Some kind of rebreather apparatus, thought Colton—protection from poisonous gas. A small black tube ran from the bottom of the mask to the soldier’s back, where a slender black box rested between his shoulders. The rest of his armor was Kevlar plating, separated into flexible chunks that shifted fluidly with his movements to offer maximum coverage at all times. He wore a bullet-proof vest over the armor for added protection.
The soldier carried a heavy automatic rifle with a high-capacity magazine in his thick hands, held casually at his waist as if he was completely sure Colton wouldn’t give him any trouble.
If he could have, he would have.
Colton’s ability was almost completely nullified. He had been trying to pull in some energy to try and offset his exhaustion, but it was impossible. He was able to draw in a small amount, but he could not store it for future use. The energy he absorbed from the air around him seeped out through his skin against his will—it was as if the imaginary battery in his chest would not hold a charge. Whatever they did to Colton, it stripped him of his Conduit ability and left him broken.
The guard stood perfectly still, staring at him with cold calmness. The multifaceted eye patches in his helmet reflected Colton’s face in a thousand tiny pieces. A moment later, the guard stepped aside to reveal someone else standing directly behind him—the young woman who had descended through the dome room ceiling with blue lightning.
Colton took a deep breath and straightened his back. He lifted his chin and stared straight into her eyes. She returned his stare with the same detached quality of the guard, then her eyes drifted around the room, inspecting the bed, the sink, the desk, the chair, and all of Colton’s personal effects. She touched the guard’s shoulder and he promptly turned and left the room. The door remained open. Colton looked at it for a moment, then back at the woman.
“What did you say your name was again?” he asked. He tried to inject his voice with as much confidence as he could muster, even though his knees felt like jelly. Colton had never been so tired in his life.
“Kamiko,” she answered quietly, still studying the room. “Masura.”
Her feet made no sound as she walked around his small apartment. She picked up a frame with a picture of Colton’s mother inside, inspected it for a moment, then set it down exactly where she found it. Next to the picture frame was a small jewelry box. She picked it up and Colton took a step forward.
“Leave it alone,” he said. He could feel his face getting hot.
She looked at him, then opened the box and held up the slender silver chain contained within. At the end of the chain was a small diamond star set in silver. It glinted in the dull glow of an overhead light as it spun slowly from her hand. Colton was going to give it to Haven for her eighteenth birthday. A light twinkle shone in Kamiko’s dark eyes as she watched the necklace spin.
“Girlfriend?” she asked with a mocking smile.
Colton was too weak to answer. He blinked heavily and sat on the bed, no longer able to stand.
“The weakness will pass,” said Kamiko. She set down the box and continued her slow circuit around the room. She lifted a stack of papers, inspected them, and returned them to their place. “You will soon find your strength returning, though it will be a false strength. There is no cure for your disease.”
“What did you do to us?” asked Colton. He rubbed the burning spot on his chest.
“I want to see if you can figure it out,” she said. Her face was emotionless but Colton thought he detected a hint of amusement. “The last group never did. Most of them died screaming.”
And then she smiled.



9

Haven stepped off the plane at sunset, three hours after the airline found her backpack in the wreckage and put her on a private flight home. The doctors at the airport in Chicago cleared her for travel and she had waited in a daze while planes were rerouted for the passengers of the crashed flight. No one else was going to Bozeman, so Haven had the whole plane to herself.
Gallatin Field Airport was only a short drive from the Dome. It was a connecting airport that was perfect for private jets and small propeller planes—she remembered with a twinge of sadness that her mother used to call them “puddlejumpers”. The airport was mostly used to connect passengers to a larger hub where they hopped on giant airbuses which took them across the country and beyond.
No one Haven knew was waiting for her when she got off the plane. She hadn’t been expecting anyone—of course they didn’t know when she was getting back or any other details about her impromptu trip—yet she still felt slightly disappointed. If the Dome had a phone she would have called. Strict security definitely had its downsides.
There was, however, one man waiting for her whom she did not know. He stood holding a sign with her name on it near baggage claim. He was short, with a small mustache and a large diamond earring in his left ear that seemed really out of place. He wore a dark suit and sunglasses, with a hat too small for his head. Haven shouldered her backpack and walked over to the driver.
“That’s me,” she said, smiling. The effort made her head hurt—she had bumped it inside the plane during the crash, although she couldn’t remember the exact circumstances of the injury. She hadn’t even noticed the goose egg behind her left temple until well after she got on the plane which took her to Gallatin. She had parted her hair in the bathroom mirror to see a swollen lump of purple flesh on her scalp. It still throbbed with her heartbeat.
The driver from the airline bobbed his head and led her out of the airport to a long limousine in the parking lot. Haven stopped for a moment before getting in. “How much did this thing cost?”
“Not a thing, Madame. It is complimentary. For your trouble.”
Madame, huh? thought Haven. I can get used to this.
“Still going to the parking garage downtown?” asked the driver.
“That’s the one.”
“Excellent, Madame. Excellent.”
Haven tossed her backpack into the limo and climbed in after it. Sweet, cool air pushed her hair back and she closed her eyes to relish the sensation. She reached up to tilt all of the air vents directly onto her aching head. The driver closed the door, sealing her inside the dark compartment. The windows of the stretch limo were so tinted that Haven couldn’t see him walk to the front of the car and get in. A moment later, the front door closed and the engine purred to life.
The passenger area of the limo was long, lined with bulging leather seats. Two mini-bars, one on each side, boasted an array of hard liquor and bottled waters. Haven grabbed a bottle of water and twisted off the top. The limo rolled slowly out of the parking lot and picked up speed on the highway as the driver headed toward downtown Bozeman. The Dome was outside of town, but—as much as she wanted to—Haven couldn’t very well tell the driver to drop her off at her own front door. Besides, she couldn’t return to the Dome without Dormer’s black sedan, which was in the parking garage. He was forgiving to a point, but never with the car.
A thick sheet of black glass separated the limo’s rear compartment from the driver’s. Haven pressed a small button in a console near her seat and the glass lowered.
“What’s your name?” she asked.
The driver looked at her in the rear-view mirror and smiled. “Augustus,” he said. “My friends call me Oggie.”
“What’s new, Oggie?”
“Nothing is new, Madame. The sun is hot, the ground is dry, and no one has figured out how to fix the world’s problems. It’s a real mess.”
“I know what you mean,” said Haven. “Hey Oggie, thanks for the lift.”
“Of course, Madame.”
Haven sank back into her seat. She could barely make out the setting sun through the tinted windows. It dropped beneath two distant mountains, sinking quickly, inch by inch, until the tip of it shone out with rapid brilliance before disappearing completely.
Haven sighed. Sudden comfort swept over her because she knew she was going home. It had taken her months to get used to the fact that she and Noah would be living at the Dome for the foreseeable future. She had resisted the idea at first, telling herself that it was temporary until—until what? Her parents weren’t coming back. They had been murdered by Bernam’s henchmen, leaving Haven and Noah alone in a world that would persecute them if it learned the truth about their abilities. As months in the Dome passed, that aching for her old life slowly faded. Haven came to realize she had a new home; a new family that needed her. She devoted her attention to Noah’s education and happiness, and saw to her own in the precious little free time she managed to steal amidst the chaos of her busy new life.
Haven opened her eyes and realized she had fallen asleep. Oggie had already pulled off the main highway and was entering a parking garage in Bozeman—she had slept almost the entire trip. She yawned and stretched her back as Oggie parked on the first level of the parking garage, cut the engine, and came back to open her door.
“Your destination, Madame. How are you feeling?”
“Much better, Oggie. Like I left all of my troubles behind.” She grabbed her backpack and stepped out of the limo. She looked around the parking structure, then up and down the dusky street outside. They were alone.
“Most excellent, Madame. Most excellent.”
“Thanks a lot, Oggie,” she said, and shook his hand.
“Will there be anything else, Madame?”
“Should there be?”
“Not usually, no.”
She snapped her fingers and swung her backpack around to her front, then unzipped it and rummaged through its contents. The airport may have been footing the bill for her trip to Bozeman, but that didn’t mean she shouldn’t tip the driver. She pulled out her half-eaten bag of gummy bears and handed them to Oggie. “Spent my last few bucks in the airport,” she said. The next best thing after money was food, and sometimes the other way around—or so her father always said. “They might be a little smooshed from the crash.”
“I assure you, Madame, it’s not necessary,” said Oggie. He smiled genuinely at her offer and held up his hand to resist.
“They’re really good,” she teased.
“Wellll…” he said, glancing at the candy from the corner of his eye. His diamond earring glinted as he looked around cautiously.
“It’ll be our secret,” she said, and handed him the bag. He took it and quickly tucked it away into his inner jacket pocket.
“Thank you, Madame.” Oggie nodded formally and gave a slight bow. “It has been my pleasure.”
“Drive safe,” she said. “Lotta crazies out there.” He seemed truly amused by that notion as he got back into the limo and drove away.



10

“You’ve injected others before this?” asked Colton.
Kamiko pushed some of her perfectly straight, black hair behind her ear. The motion lifted the hem of her white shirt an inch above her belt. Colton looked away when he found his eyes drifting down to her exposed midriff.
“You find me attractive,” she said.
“I find you repulsive,” he replied.
“You are not a good liar.” She finally got bored with her inspection of the room and turned to face him. She crossed her arms and tapped a slender finger against her elbow as she chewed on her bottom lip in deep thought. “Now we just need to wait and see if any of your friends are immune,” she said at last.
“I hope they all are,” said Colton. “I hope they mop the floor with you and your goons.”
“The prisoners know that if they lash out, I will kill everyone in this compound.”
Colton looked into her eyes, searching for a hint that she was bluffing. He could find none. She had the ruthless look of a girl detached from her own humanity—void of sympathy and love.
He looked past her into the hallway. A brief thought of running for it crossed his mind.
Kamiko smiled as if she were reading his thoughts. “If I find you missing, I will torture everyone you left behind until you return—or until they are dead.”
“You’re going to kill us anyway,” said Colton.
She shook her head and some of her hair fell in front of her face. “Not true. As long as I get what I want.”
“What do you want?”
“I want you all to behave while I finish my work so I can tell Alistair how you were all good little boys and girls. And I want you to tell me where I can find Haven Kincaid.”
Colton almost told her Alistair was dead, but didn’t think it was wise to correct her. “I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he said.
Kamiko smiled without humor. “There’s another lie. I know she lives in this facility. I know she left recently, but I don’t know her destination. If you tell me, I promise that no one will die.”
“She went to visit her grandma in Egypt,” said Colton. A fraction of his strength returned and solidified into hard defiance.
Kamiko lifted her chin and looked down at him. The little amount of light in her eyes disappeared completely. She turned and walked to the door. “You will follow me now,” she said quietly. The soldier reappeared. He nodded his head in the direction of the hallway and pointed his rifle at Colton’s chest.
Colton stood slowly, fighting the dizziness that clouded his head. He left his room and followed after Kamiko. The soldier stayed right behind him, brushing Colton’s heels with his steel-toed boots. Kamiko led them down the hallway, her silhouette swaying from side to side with the fluid movements of a predatory cat on the prowl.
She led him out to the dome room. Soldiers just like the one from Colton’s room were stationed all around the massive, circular area. Two stood before the heavy door to the freight elevator which led up to the garage—the garage that was now presumably collapsed after the earlier assault. More men patrolled the balcony that half-encircled the room, their insectoid eye-shields looking robotically from person to person.
Dormer stood at the railing on the second-tier platform, looking down at Colton. He gripped the railing firmly with bone-white knuckles. His brother Adsen lay on a cot next to him. One of the soldiers stood over Adsen, probing his temples with some kind of medical instrument. Colton saw no sign of Marius or Corva.
Kamiko walked to the middle of the dome room and stopped near the crashed fan that used to spin far up in the ceiling, at the very apex of the dome. She beckoned to a soldier and he walked over quickly, pushing Noah Kincaid before him. Kamiko took Noah’s arm and pulled him to her, then let go as if disgusted by his presence.
“Haven’s brother,” she said, studying Colton’s face. He hoped he was giving no indication that she was right. “There’s something about him,” continued Kamiko. “Something we can’t quite figure out.”
“I’m not going to help you,” said Colton.
Kamiko went on as if he hadn’t spoken. “He’s not immune, but the disease isn’t working on him the same way.” She waited for Colton to take the bait.
“What disease?” he asked at last.
“The virus we injected into everyone here.”
“Virus?”
“Don’t look so stupid, Colton. You’re infected. Look at your arms.”
Colton didn’t need to. He clearly remembered the black veins beneath his skin.
“But this little guy,” said Kamiko, “this little guy is special. The virus is working much more slowly on his system. He’s a fighter.” She knelt down next to Noah and pinched his nose playfully, then winked at him. “Aren’t you, little fella?” She patted his cheek a little too hard and stood up. “I think he’s the Nova that escaped from Bernam’s lab.”
Colton had to look away to hide his surprise. No one outside of a few people at the Dome was supposed to know that. There was no way to know what someone might do to a boy like Noah if they learned he was a hybrid. Bernam had already cut him open to study his insides, and Haven and Colton both vowed they would never let anything like that happen to him again.
“That’s what I thought,” said Kamiko. A brief smile touched her lips and then disappeared just as quickly.
“I never told you anything!” said Colton loudly. He lunged for Kamiko but the soldier behind him grabbed Colton’s shoulder and clamped down on him like a vise.
“You didn’t have to,” said Kamiko. Dark blue flame ignited in her eyes as she studied Noah. “I would guess he is far too young to display any abilities.” She spun him around, as if she would find a switch that would activate his hybrid power. “Pity.”
“I want my sister,” said Noah quietly. He was trying his best to be brave, but he could only pretend for so long.
“She’s not coming for you, little Nova,” said Kamiko. Noah began to cry. “No one is coming for you.” She turned to Colton. “And if you don’t help me, none of you will leave this place alive.”



11

Haven found the black sedan waiting for her on the third floor of the parking structure. She unzipped her backpack again to hunt for the keys and her finger brushed against something cold—something she hadn’t noticed while hunting for the gummy bears. She pulled out a small black box. It was a perfectly sealed plastic cube. Haven frowned as she studied it, then she realized what it was.
She quickly threw the tracking device over the railing of the parking structure and watched it shatter to pieces on the ground below.
“It’s too late,” said a voice behind her. She reeled around, already reaching deep within for her energy. She breathed a sigh of relief when Bastian stepped out of the shadows with his hands raised calmly. Roku appeared behind him but stayed half in the darkness at the back of the parking structure. Bastian smiled. “Sorry, Haven, but we had to follow you.”
“You put it in my backpack at the airport,” she said. “You’re a real jerk.”
He looked genuinely hurt. “We have to find the Dome. If you won’t go with us, then getting help from your friends is the only way to stop Alistair.” He took a step toward Haven and she backed away.
She looked out of the parking garage at the city of Bozeman and thought it over. “A good friend once told me that the Dome was open to everyone like us,” said Haven. “They wouldn’t turn away anyone who needed help.”
“That’s right,” said Bastian.
“But not the kind of help you need. You want to ask my friends to follow you and die trying to kill a man who has turned himself into a monster—if he’s even still alive.”
“He’s alive,” said Bastian. “I’m certain about that, Haven.”
She stepped toward the railing at the edge of the third level, checking for ways to quickly escape if the situation went bad. “What happened in Chicago?” she asked. “How did you get away from the thin man?”
“I’m strong on my own,” said Bastian. He nodded toward Roku. “But we’re stronger together. That’s the whole idea in getting help to go after Alistair. The longer we wait, the more people will die.”
Haven looked at him warily. She had the distinct feeling he was holding something back. “Is Roku your counterpart?”
Bastian laughed. “You mean Mr. ‘Rock-You’ over there?”
Roku grit his teeth, keenly aware that Bastian was poking fun at his expense. “Row-koo,” he said, pronouncing his name phonetically.
Bastian rolled his eyes. “I know how to say it. I’ve said it a thousand times, right? It’s just a bit of fun, Rock. But to answer your question,” he said, turning back to Haven, “no. I haven’t had the pleasure of meeting my Conduit yet.” He winked at her. “Got any sisters?”
“Don’t make me lose my lunch. Has Roku met his Source?”
Bastian’s smile dropped slowly. “We’ll talk about that later, perhaps. Do you still not trust us after we saved you at the airport?”
“Trust is hard to come by these days with so many people wanting to cut you open like a lab rat. Can I go now?”
“We were never forcing you to stay.”
Haven kept her distance as she found her keys and got into the black sedan. Bastian put his hands in his pockets as she started the car and drove down the ramp to the second floor. She followed the ramp to the exit and had just pulled onto the street when Roku slammed onto the hood of the car from above. He landed on all fours like a cat, glaring at her through the windshield.
Bright blue flames burst from Haven’s skin, sizzling the fabric of her seat. The steering wheel beneath her grip softened from the excessive heat she funneled down her arms and into her palms. Roku jumped off the hood and quickly opened the driver’s door. Before Haven could release her energy, he reached in and grabbed her wrist. Blue flames licked up his arm from her body and he groaned in pain. She knew that a pairing of Conduit and Source who were not counterparts always ended badly for one of them, it just depended on who was stronger. Haven had untold amounts of pure energy deep within her, and it would be too much for Roku to effectively absorb and release—if he held on too long, the energy would build up within him and soon the feedback would melt his internal organs.
Still, he gripped her wrist. His eyes flashed blue and he screamed. Haven screamed, too, but not from pain. She screamed because Roku shared his memories.
She saw a small building on fire and knew it was Roku’s home. Bright red flames burst from the windows. A woman screamed for help from within. She spoke Japanese but Haven understood her words perfectly. The woman called for Roku to come and save her.
Haven saw her own hands, but they were masculine hands, Roku’s hands, shaking from exhaustion, covered in ash and blood. She ran past a broken window and saw Roku’s face in the shattered reflection. She had no control over her/his movements—she was simply reliving his old memories.
Roku ran into the house despite the pounding red flames that reached out for him. Haven felt heat on her own skin as Roku ran up the steps to the second floor of the house. His mother lay on her side by the window, a fallen beam across her burnt chest. The flames vanished from the beam when Roku knelt and lifted it from her body. Haven felt the energy flow through her skin as Roku tried to drain the room of flame. There was too much raw energy for him to capture; too much to redirect away from his mother.
He scooped her up and jumped out of the window. Just before he hit the ground, he released most of his stored energy downward with a quick burst that took the form of a shockwave, pushing ash away in all directions and negating the momentum of his fall. He landed easily on his feet and set his mother down on the ground. Haven watched his hands as if they were her own, reaching out to brush a strand of black hair away from his mother’s still face. Red flames danced in the reflection of her lifeless eyes.
More people were screaming.
Roku looked up and the entire neighborhood was on fire. Lee cackled with mad laughter and darted into the shadows. A moment later, his twin brother Dane appeared, gleefully firing a wide stream of red flame from his hands into a group of people running for safety. The flames consumed them and pushed them to the ground.
Roku stood to face the twins. Lee and Dane saw him instantly and turned away from their other helpless victims. Dane put his hands on Lee’s shoulders and his red flames engulfed them both. Roku ran at them but it was too late. A beam of focused red energy shot out from Lee’s chest and hit Roku in the stomach. The solid stream of plasma lifted him into the air and flung him through the second floor wall of his own home.
The house crumbled around him and the last thing Roku saw was a flaming beam of wood drop from the ceiling and hit his face.
Haven gasped when Roku finally released her. She was back in the parking garage in Bozeman, sitting in the black sedan, far from Japan and from the flames of the dead twins.
Roku crumpled to the ground next to the car. His skin smoked and blue fire flickered over his body like a dying candleflame. Haven looked down at him and noticed the burn scar on his neck for the first time. It was a thick patch of rough skin that covered the entire left side of his neck and disappeared beneath his shirt collar.
She knew the pain of losing her parents to insane men. She knew the desire for revenge and how it drove her to master her abilities so she could stop other families from suffering the same fate. Haven could tell from the emotions raging through Roku’s memories that he was still in the grips of his vengeance—it drove him forward, compelling him and guiding all of his decisions.
Haven reached down and rested her hand gently on his shoulder.
“The twins are dead,” she said. “Dane and Lee both.”
Roku’s face was slick with sweat and he shook from exhaustion. He searched her face, hesitant to believe her. Finally he nodded solemnly, then laid his head on the ground and closed his eyes.
Bastian ran down the spiral ramp of the parking garage and skidded to a stop next to Roku.
“Ach,” he said. “What’s he gone and done now?”
“He’s gone and found you two a ride. Get in.”
Bastian smiled. “Are you kidding me?”
“Hurry up before I change my mind.”
Bastian laughed and helped Roku to his feet. He shook him vigorously as they walked around to the other side of the car.
“You old dog, you,” said Bastian happily. “You old, brilliant, wonderful, dog!” He slapped Roku on the back as he climbed slowly into the back seat. Roku groaned and slumped down behind Haven. Bastian got in the passenger’s seat, still grinning.
Haven shook her head but couldn’t keep the amusement out of her own voice. “You don’t do much else besides smile, do you?” she asked.
“Only save the world now and again,” he said with a wink.
“You know I can’t promise that anyone will go with you.”
“Never hurts to ask.”
“And Roku is going to pay for that dent he left in the hood of the car.”
“We’ll get you a new car.”
“Yeah?”
“Sure. Just as soon as I strike it rich.”
“I won’t hold my breath.”
“Too bad. I was hoping for some peace and quiet.”
She glared at him quickly, then realized he was kidding. “You’re not funny,” she said.
“I’ve heard otherwise.”
Haven put the car into gear and drove out onto the street. She headed to the edge of town to find the hidden dirt road that wandered across the desert toward the Dome. She thought of Noah and of Colton. The knowledge that she would soon be with them filled her with a pleasant warmth, and she was happier than she had been in a long time.



12

There were seven survivors of Bernam’s med-lab still residing in the Dome. A total of twenty-eight had been pulled from the depths of his torturous hospital a year ago, each in a different state of mental and physical instability.
Most recovered quickly and left the Dome, vowing never to reveal its location to another soul. The seven who remained were too infirmed to leave. Two had slowly been showing signs of recovery over the past few months. Adsen, Dormer’s brother, was one of them. His body was weak but his mind was sharp as ever, eager to uncover the mysteries of recent events.
Colton saw the burning desire for information in Adsen’s eyes; he could see the deep wheels of thought turning as the man sat on the edge of his cot on the second-tier platform, looking down at the dome room floor. He plucked at a scraggy brown beard dotted with patches of grey. Adsen was tall, like his brother, but much thinner due to his long imprisonment. His clothes fit him like a poncho fits a broomstick.
Dormer sat nearby, watching his brother closely. Colton had first thought Adsen was older, mostly because of the deep, worried lines etched on his gaunt face from his time with Bernam and his machines. He was shocked to discover they were fraternal twins. Given Adsen’s emaciated appearance, the brothers seemed like two different generations of the same man, one in his early forties and the other pushing sixty.
“Did she say anything to you?” asked Adsen, his eyes constantly searching the floor below. “Anything at all about what they did to us?”
“Just that she infected us with a virus,” said Colton. “She wants us to figure out the rest on our own.”
Adsen grunted and thoughtfully chewed on the inside of his cheek while he looked at one of the other sick men nearby. “Virus,” said Adsen. “Hmm.” He scratched at his neck and laid on his cot. Tiny black veins appeared above the collar of his shirt, slowly creeping up toward his head. All of the other refugees were showing the same symptoms, just like most of the original inhabitants of the Dome. Yet neither Dormer nor Adsen were showing any signs of being infected with the virus. Colton thought it might work more quickly in certain hosts.
“Do you remember her from before?” asked Dormer.
“Never seen her,” said Adsen. “Never heard of her. Alistair must have picked her up after the medical facility was destroyed, or else she’s lying about working for him.”
“Why would she lie?” asked Dormer.
“Any number of reasons,” said Adsen. “What troubles me the most is that a Phoenix would work for a man like Alistair.”
“She wants to know how to find Haven,” said Colton, then paused. “Do you think she’s really the new Phoenix?”
Adsen gestured to the hole in the roof. “You saw the entrance she made. I don’t claim to know everything our kind is capable of, but that’s not on the list of ‘normal’. I have no idea why she wants to meet Haven so badly, but my guess would be that it’s not for anything good.” He looked at the cots near his own. Each one held a sleeping refugee from the med-lab. “How are the others doing?”
Dormer sighed. “Three won’t come out of their comas. Whatever Bernam did to them, it’s not getting any better. The two that were finally improving took a turn for the worse after our new friends showed up. Only two out of the total seven are showing any signs of improvement, including you.”
Adsen shuddered. He scratched at the spot on his arm where one of the spheres had pierced him with its long needle. “It should be obvious by now that one of the departed refugees told Alistair where to find the Dome.”
“It’s possible,” said Dormer. “If Alistair is really alive.”
“And why couldn’t he be?” asked Adsen. “You saw what he did firsthand. He killed Bernam and turned himself into a Nova. Who knows what it will take to stop him now?”
“It could be something else,” said Colton suddenly. “Remember Elena said that sometimes a Phoenix can sense the presence of others like us. Sometimes they can only sense other Nova, or their counterpart, or really strong Sources and Conduits. Let’s say Kamiko is the new Phoenix—say that Elena really did unwillingly pass her power to her instead of to Haven. Elena had the ability to detect a Nova anywhere on the planet as long as their signal wasn’t blocked. Kamiko might be able to find others like her—other potential Phoenix.”
“That’s not it,” said Dormer, “or else she wouldn’t be asking you to help her find Haven. Maybe she can sense all of us together in one spot, like a huge beacon, and that’s how she found the Dome.”
Adsen shook his head sadly. “If that’s the case, none of us will ever be safe until we eliminate her.”
A loud voice broke through the conversation. “Did someone say, ‘eliminate her’?” Marius walked over to the cots near the balcony railing with a big smile on his face. “You are speaking Marius’s language.”
“Keep your voice down,” said Dormer. “We’re conspiring.”
“Sorry,” said Marius quickly. The big Russian sat on the edge of the cot next to Colton and rubbed a calloused hand over the stubble on his balding head. Small black veins ran over his scalp and down over his temples. He coughed loudly and cleared his throat. “What is the plan?”
“No plan,” said Colton. “Not yet, anyway.”
“Marius has one,” he said. “Bullet in each of them.” He aimed an invisible gun down at the dome room floor and pulled his thumb-trigger at the guards stationed throughout the wide space. He searched for Kamiko with one eye squinted closed, then sighed and holstered his imaginary weapon when he couldn’t find her below. He scratched at his unshaven neck where small black veins criss-crossed like netting.
“How’s Corva?” asked Dormer.
Marius didn’t answer right away. “Not so good. She is strong, but this thing they did to her…” He trailed off and left his thought unfinished.
Colton had been to visit Corva earlier in her room. She lay on the bed, eyes wide open, staring up at the ceiling. Her short, stark-white hair was wet and a layer of sweat clung to her entire body. She shook as if she had a terrible fever. Colton was able to speak with her for a few minutes before Marius interrupted and said she needed rest. As Colton left the room, he saw Marius kneel down next her and take her hand. He pressed it to his forehead and muttered to her in Russian as tears fell from his tightly-closed eyes.
The poison they had all been infected with was hitting some harder than others. Little Micah was in bed with symptoms of a terrible flu. His body shuddered with coughs as he lay shaking on his cot, unable to drink anything but the smallest sips of water.
Colton had peeled off his own shirt earlier and looked at himself in the mirror. The thin black veins that had appeared on his neck and forearms were spreading and getting thicker. They crawled from his arms up to his shoulders and down his back. The black veins on his neck reached up around the back of his jaw and onto his scalp beneath his hair. He touched the skin over one of the veins. It did not hurt. He pressed harder, then released. His skin flushed white, then slowly the black veins crept back. Whatever they injected into him was changing his blood.
Changing into what? he wondered.



13

The others on the balcony were deep in conversation when Colton said quietly, “What happens when Haven comes back?” They stopped and looked at him. It was obvious from the looks on their faces that they hadn’t thought about it yet. “Because she’s going to come back,” he said. “And when she does, she’s going to be royally pissed off.”
Marius frowned thoughtfully. “Haven is strong, but not strong like her,” he said, jabbing a thick thumb downstairs. “She must not come back. There is nothing for her here but infected people and a bad woman who wants to kill her.”
“Then we have to warn her,” said Colton. He looked up to the peak of the dome room and out through the jagged hole where the massive swirling fan used to be. If the garage was collapsed, that hole was the only way out of the Dome—and the only way to get up to the hole was by a long series of ladder rungs—old, rusty hand-holds that ran up the inside wall of the dome from the floor to the peak of the ceiling. Colton looked at the rungs of the long ladder and his stomach dropped from vertigo—halfway up the curved dome wall, whoever was climbing the ladder would have a hard time not keeping their legs from dangling in the open air beneath them. It was a long fall down to hard concrete if they lost their grip.
“You’re not getting topside without someone noticing,” said Dormer. “Not without a—”
He stopped talking at the sound of rapidly-approaching footsteps. Kamiko led a group of four soldiers up the metal stairs to the second-tier balcony.
“There must be a cure,” whispered Adsen as Kamiko and the soldiers approached.
“What are you talking about?” asked Dormer.
“They wouldn’t have made the disease without the cure. Find it and come back. It’s the only way.”
Colton leaned forward. “Where?”
Adsen said nothing. He just shook his head and backed away from the approaching soldiers.
Dormer growled. “For God’s sake, Adsen—”
Kamiko was already next to their cots, looking down at Dormer. The soldiers stood behind her, full of silent threat. She looked from Dormer to the rest of the group with a flat expression devoid of any emotion except cold indifference. Her gaze froze on Adsen.
“You,” she said, then snapped her fingers at the soldiers. “Bring him.”
They grabbed his arms and hauled him roughly to his feet as if they were expecting some kind of resistance. Adsen offered none. He groaned weakly as the soldiers carried him away, held so high that his feet didn’t even touch the ground.
Dormer stood slowly, facing Kamiko. She returned his icy glare and smirked when she saw his fists opening and closing in anger. Normally that would have been the time for whoever was on the receiving end of Dormer’s anger to get out of the way, but Colton knew his ability had been muted just like the others in the Dome, and so all he had for Kamiko was a murderous stare.
She glanced at Colton, then turned and followed after the soldiers. Instead of taking the stairs, she hopped easily over the balcony railing and fell toward the floor. At the last moment, brilliant blue arcs of lightning shot out from her back like spider legs and dug into the concrete floor. Her descent slowed to the speed of a falling feather, and she stepped down to the floor gracefully, as if she had just been helped out of a carriage. The bolts of lightning receded into her back and, after one more glance up at Colton, she followed the soldiers into the holding cell between the training room and the Grove.
“That’s my room,” said Dormer, and sat down in a huff.
“Looks like you sleep on the couch tonight,” said Marius with a grin.
“Will you help me get out?” asked Colton, eager to get moving. He remembered Kamiko’s threat of what would happen to his friends if he escaped.
“As I was saying,” said Dormer. “You won’t get topside without a distraction.”
“Now is as good a time as any,” said Colton.
Marius clapped and rubbed his hands together. “Marius does distractions very well,” he said.
A thought burst into Colton’s mind and formed into a plan. There was no way he could disappear and leave his friends to torture, but he still had to go out and warn Haven before she stumbled headlong into a disaster. He had to at least see her again, but if he could send someone else with her in his place, then she would have more of a chance. He looked at Marius. “You should come with me,” said Colton.
“What?!” roared Marius. He looked at the thin metal rungs bolted to the wall of the dome leading all the way up to the ragged hole. “Marius does not climb,” he said with a scowl.
“Haven’s out there on her own,” said Dormer. “Some of us need to stay here because not all of us can leave. Don’t worry, I’ll stay and look after everyone.”
“What about Kamiko?” asked Marius.
“It seems she’s more interested in my brother than anything else at the moment. I’ll distract the guards so you and Colton can escape.”
Colton shook his head. “They’ll spot us climbing out. We won’t be able to move fast enough.”
“Leave that to me,” said Dormer. He stood and walked toward the stairs. “Give me five minutes. You’ll know when to move.” He descended the stairs and disappeared into the maze of shelves and machinery that made up his workshop on the first floor of the dome room. One of the soldiers stood nearby, gun held tightly, watching Dormer closely.
Marius frowned. “Marius does not climb,” he repeated. He sat there pouting like a child who didn’t want to take a bath.
“Adsen says there has to be a cure,” said Colton. “Think of Corva and everyone else in the Dome.”
“Of course Marius will go! But that doesn’t mean he must be happy about it.” He looked up hopefully. “Perhaps you go up the ladder first and drop rope?”
“No,” said Colton as he stood. “We go together.” He walked to the railing and looked down into the workshop.
Dormer moved quickly, darting back and forth between his equipment, constructing something inside a small metal box that he carried under one arm. Marius walked over to the railing, still grumbling, and stood next to Colton.
“What’s he doing?”
“I have no idea.”
“Between you and me, I think both brothers are a little loopy.”
Dormer fit a metal lid over the exposed side of the small box and looked up at Colton. He nodded quickly. The soldier next to him readjusted his grip on his rifle and took a step forward, as if he sensed that something was about to happen.
“Here we go,” said Colton. He eased away from the railing and toward the stairs as Dormer let out a loud yell and threw the box as hard as he could. It soared through the air in a high arc toward the middle of the room. Every soldier turned and pointed their rifles at the moving object, leading it with their sights along its trajectory.
Kamiko and two more soldiers burst out of the holding cell door just as the box cracked onto the floor in the middle of the room. It sat there a moment doing nothing. Dormer looked at it in confusion. He turned to Colton and shrugged right before the soldier closest to him tackled him to the ground. More soldiers swarmed nearby, moving up and down the cluttered aisles of his workshop with their rifles ready to fire. Kamiko walked to the box, tapped it lightly with the tip of her shoe, and it exploded.



14

Haven slowed the car when a flashlight beam cut across the desert ahead. She held up her hand for Bastian and Roku to be quiet, even though no one had spoken for the last ten minutes. Haven could see the dim outline of a mountain in the distance—the mountain that sat over the garage entrance to the Dome. She quickly cut off her headlights and killed the engine. She waited, breathing in the darkness, her heart pounding in her chest. Bastian stirred in the passenger’s seat, watching intently.
The flashlight beam shined in their direction but wasn’t strong enough to reach them. The sky was a deep purple and there was no moon yet, so the ground lacked its usual ghostly glow. If there had been even a sliver of moon, Haven doubted the car would have gone unnoticed by whoever was near the Dome. Faint stars twinkled far away, their dim light doing nothing to pierce the curtain of night that lay over the desert.
Sound carried well over the flat, hard-packed ground between the car and the Dome. She slowly cranked down her window an inch and listened. A light breeze was all she heard. Haven wasn’t too worried until the person holding the flashlight shined it on a dark figure—a tall soldier in body armor with a big rifle—then another soldier before it finally clicked off and the base of the mountain returned to complete shadow.
“Three total,” she whispered. “We’ll have to walk.”
“I take it that’s not normal, then,” said Bastian, nodding toward the area where the flashlight had been.
She shook her head and slowly opened her door.
“What about scorpions?” asked Bastian quickly.
She looked at him. “You’re not serious.”
“No,” he said, trying to cover up the fact that he was. “No, of course not. Let’s get moving.” He popped open his door as quietly as he could, then looked at Haven. “After you,” he whispered.
She rolled her eyes and eased out of the car. The thin layer of loose sand covering the hard ground beneath her shoes was comforting—it meant she was close to home. Bastian got out quickly and never kept his feet in one spot for more than a millisecond until he did a thorough scan of the ground and found that it was clear. Roku stood next to the car, silent as the desert around him.
After another moment of waiting, Haven set out from the car toward the mountain. Bastian walked a few paces to her right and Roku a few to her left. They hung back a little and she was reminded of a video she had once seen of coyotes stalking an elk in one of the National Parks. The three lead animals formed an arrow aimed straight at their prey. It wasn’t until the elk became aware of the three beasts that the other pack coyotes appeared from the trees on either side, cutting off every possible escape.
Haven wished some of her friends were with her. Instead, it seemed they were stuck in the Dome, held prisoner by whoever was in charge of the soldiers outside.
Bastian stubbed his foot on something and he leapt sideways. “A rock,” he whispered with relief. “Just a tiny little rock. There’s no stinger or anything.”
“Shhh,” warned Haven as they got closer to the mountain. She could now clearly see the soldiers moving around in the gloom. There was some sort of makeshift tent or guard shack a good distance from the garage. Next to the small structure was a large black helicopter outfitted with massive machine guns on both sides. Light glowed from a spot on the ground nearby, as if a big lamp was shining out of a hole in the ground. The light illuminated the sleek features of the nearby attack chopper. It took Haven a moment to realize that the light was coming from a hole where the large fan in the ceiling of the dome room should have been.
Static crackled from a walkie-talkie and one of the soldiers lifted it to his masked face.
“All clear topside,” he said, and clicked the radio off.
Haven led Bastian and Roku behind a boulder that jutted up from the sand a hundred feet from the hole. The rock was large enough to shield all three of them.
“Now would be a good time to hit them,” whispered Bastian.
Haven held up her hand for silence while she squinted into the darkness. One of the soldiers was cleaning an automatic rifle. He clacked metal against metal as he worked to disassemble the gun.
“They just called to check in,” whispered Bastian. He crouched behind the boulder next to Roku. “That means they won’t check in again for a long while. We should move.”
Haven put her back to the rock and slid down to face him. “I’m not rushing in until I know what’s going on,” she whispered. “What if my friends are inside at gunpoint and they die if anyone attempts a rescue? You don’t know who’s in there with them. It could be anyone.”
“The longer we stay out here, the less chance they have,” said Bastian.
Haven looked around the boulder and studied the movements of the three soldiers. One was inside the makeshift tent, seemingly napping in his chair; one sat on a small boulder, cleaning his gun; one walked slowly around the hole in the ground that dropped down into the main dome room.
“Can you see a door at the base of that mountain?” she asked quietly, pointing toward the garage.
Roku scooted forward, staying low. He looked into the darkness for a long time. Finally he spoke quickly in Japanese and looked at Haven, expecting her to understand.
“What did he say?” she asked.
“I’ve no idea,” whispered Bastian. “I don’t speak Japanese.”
Roku sighed. “It looks like it’s been damaged.”
“I thought Bastian said you couldn’t speak English!” whispered Haven.
“He says a lot of things,” said Roku. “You should learn to tell the truth from lies more easily.”
Bastian punched him hard in the arm. “Enough of that,” he whispered.
“Quiet!” said Haven. “We’ll have to go in through the hole.”
“What’s your plan?” asked Bastian.
“I’m working on it.”
“Old Roku and I usually prefer the head-on approach,” said Bastian.
“Big surprise,” said Haven. She sighed. “Fine. Let’s swing around to the back and approach the tent from the other side. Hopefully we can catch them before they use the radio.”
“I’ll just fry the radio,” said Bastian with a smile.
“Actually, that’s a good idea,” said Haven reluctantly. “Ready?”
Bastian’s answer was drowned out by a loud explosion. White light burst out of the hole in the ground. Inside the dome room, people screamed. The white light disappeared, leaving only darkness. Soldiers shouted to each other down below, and above all the racket came the shrill voice of a young woman speaking rapidly and confidently.
Roku and Bastian shared a knowing look when they heard the woman speaking, but Haven didn’t recognize her voice.
“Now’s our chance,” said Bastian.
Haven nodded and the three of them ran out from behind the boulder. The soldiers were standing over the hole, aiming down into the black abyss. Haven, Bastian, and Roku were only a few feet behind them when the nearest soldier whirled around and aimed his rifle directly at Haven’s face.
“Awrite there, boys,” said Bastian with a grin. “You’re not much for security if you let us sneak up like that, yeah?”
“Identify yourselves!” said the soldier closest to Bastian. He moved forward aggressively and Haven took a step back.
“We’re selling life insurance,” said Bastian. Haven and Roku shared a wary glance. “Interested?”
The soldier pressed the muzzle of his rifle against Bastian’s cheek. “Call it in,” he said. The soldier next to him reached for the small walkie-talkie clipped to his bullet-proof vest.
“Tsk, tsk, tsk,” said Bastian, wagging a scolding finger at the soldiers. “I think ye should have bought that insurance.” Pale yellow fire crawled up his finger, and Bastian grinned.



15

Colton reached for the next rusted metal rung. The handholds were bolted to the inside wall of the dome like wide, square horseshoes with their tips stuck into concrete. As the rungs took him higher and higher from the floor, gravity pulled his body down with increasing force. The dome wall expanded around him in all directions like a wide field—he had to crane his neck all the way back to see the dim floor a hundred feet below. In the sullen blackness of the massive room, he was a tiny ant crawling up the wall of an upside-down bowl. A few rungs below Colton, Marius hung rigidly from a handhold, his arm looped around the thin metal handle. He closed his eyes and whispered softly to himself in Russian.
Each rung was about a foot away from the last, leaving a hundred rungs below them and another hundred ahead. At the halfway point, the roof slanted quickly inward on its long curve toward the ragged hole in the peak. Soon they would be moving from rung to rung along a nearly horizontal surface, their feet dangling beneath their bodies, far above the hard concrete floor­. Even now, halfway up the rungs bolted into the wall, Colton had to lift his legs back up to the ceiling to hook his heels in place to stop them from swinging.
It didn’t help that every light in the room had gone out when Dormer’s bomb exploded. He must have rigged a short-range EMP burst along with some sort of disorienting flash bang—all of the soldiers that had been looking directly at the bomb when it exploded now stumbled around blindly, bumping into walls and each other as they scrambled madly about the room.
The Electro-Magnetic Pulse may have been enough to knock out all of the lights, but it wasn’t enough to hide the dim outline of the floor a hundred feet below. Colton swallowed hard and turned back to the metal rungs in front of him. He reached for the next and pulled himself up. His right foot slipped off and he dangled in the air like a kid on playground monkey bars, swinging gently forward and backward. Marius watched him intently—he would be unable to help if Colton slipped. If either of them grabbed the other in mid-fall, their combined weight would be more than enough to rip a ladder rung from its mooring and send both men plummeting to their deaths.
Colton hoisted his legs up to the ceiling and pushed down on a rung with the bottom of his feet. He took a deep breath and continued up toward the hole. There was more shouting below. Kamiko looked like a bright blue glowworm moving through the darkness, illuminating her immediate surroundings and leaving a trail of dark blue light behind her wherever she went. She barked terse orders and shoved aside any soldier she thought wasn’t doing his job.
She was calling out all of the residents of the Dome and lining them up in the middle of the room. A soldier with a clipboard moved down the line, checking off names. Colton climbed faster. He could hear Marius breathing heavily a few rungs down. If Corva hadn’t been so ill, he wouldn’t have been able to force himself to attempt the climb.
Colton counted rungs as they ascended. When he reached one-fifty, there was no way to keep his feet on the rungs. He hung in space, reaching forward and moving to the next rung with just his hands as fast as he could. Forward momentum was essential, and one slip would mean his death.
Bright red light ignited below as the soldiers produced flares from their vest pockets and cracked them open. Red sparks shot violently out into the darkness, casting long shadows on the kneeling residents of the Dome. Colton saw Noah and Micah sitting close to each other beside Corva. She swayed upright as if she was having a hard time staying conscious.
The rungs never seemed to end. One-sixty, one-seventy, one-eighty—Colton’s arms burned. His hands shook uncontrollably as he released one metal rung and reached for the next. The tendons in his forearms felt like they were slipping toward his elbows, tightening painfully and making it difficult for him to keep his fingers clenched around the rusted metal.
One-ninety.
He wasn’t going to make it. Colton stopped with both hands gripping the same rung. He hung there stupidly, swaying back and forth like a dangling piñata. Marius grunted behind him but Colton couldn’t even turn around to see what he wanted.
“Go,” said Marius quietly. He stuck out his leg and pushed Colton in the middle of his back.
Colton grit his teeth, swung forward, and reached for the next rung. His fingertips touched the rusted metal and slipped off. The momentum of the swing carried him backward. He bumped into Marius, who let go with one hand to grab Colton’s wrist and lift it back to a rung. Colton gripped the metal in relief, breathing heavily.
“Pssst.”
Colton and Marius looked around, confused. Neither of them had spoken.
“Pssssssst!”
The noise was coming from the hole. Colton strained to see. The tiny amount of ambient light from the night sky filtered down through the jagged hole in the dome room and pushed against the darkness within. In the gloom, the silhouette of a head popped down into the hole. Long hair dangled from the head as it turned to face Colton and Marius.
It was Haven.
She held out her hand for Colton. With new resolve, he swung his legs back, then forward. The movement allowed him to reach for the next rung, then the next, ignoring the fact that he couldn’t feel his arms, or his wrists, or his hands. He also ignored the acid sensation burning through the tendons in his forearms.
The next rung he grasped was softer than the others, and he realized it was Haven’s arm. She reached down with her other hand and grabbed him by the collar. He was hoisted out of the hole and onto cool desert sand. He closed his eyes against the chill night breeze, welcoming its touch against his burning face.



16

He opened his eyes and saw two other men sitting on the ground behind Haven as she lay in the sand, each holding one of her legs to keep her from falling into the hole. On the ground nearby were the unconscious bodies of three armed soldiers. Colton got out of the way as the two men holding Haven’s legs lowered her back into the hole to retrieve Marius. He popped above ground, sputtering and gasping for air, then rolled over to lay on his back in the sand, his belly quickly rising and falling as he laughed softly to himself.
The lights in the dome room switched on. Bright light beamed up through the jagged hole. Colton backed away cautiously, knowing that the soldiers would be trying to catch a glimpse of the men stationed above.
“We don’t have much time,” he said, still trying to catch his breath. A man with short red hair and a freckled face helped him to his feet and brushed sand from his shoulders, smiling the whole time. “Who are these guys?” Colton asked Haven.
“Friends. This is Bastian,” she said, pointing to the smiling man, “and Roku.” Roku nodded and went back to watching the dark desert all around. Haven pulled Colton to the side and went through the same motions as Bastian, brushing sand from his shoulders and arms, but much more gently.
“Are you okay?” she asked. “How’s Noah? What happened?”
“I’m fine, Noah’s fine,” he said. The relief on her face was obvious. “There are a lot of armed men down there and some woman who says she’s looking for you.”
“Me?”
“Yeah. Kamiko Masura. You know her?”
The two men with Haven shared a quick glance, then looked away. Haven shook her head. “No, never heard of her. What does she want?”
“Whatever it is, it’s not good. She injected everyone with some kind of virus.”
“Fade,” said Bastian. He wasn’t smiling anymore.
“What’s Fade?” asked Haven.
“Marius will tell you all about it,” said Colton quickly. “I have to get back inside before they notice I’m gone and you need to get out of here.”
Haven looked at him like he was crazy. “No!” she said. “We have to get them out. We can’t just leave everyone behind. Not you, not Noah, not anyone.”
“You can’t do any good by making yourself a prisoner,” said Colton. “Kamiko is the new Phoenix. You can’t go up against her, Haven. Not without help.”
“I brought help.”
“It’s not enough. You haven’t seen anything like her before.”
“I don’t care. I made a promise to Elena and I’m not going to abandon everyone to die.”
“Like you abandoned us to go chasing after Lee in Chicago?” he said hotly, instantly regretting his words.
Haven looked away, into the desert. “Yes,” she said. “Like that.”
She suddenly reached out for him and drew him close. Her mouth found his and they kissed, softly and deeply, and Colton felt warmth bloom in his chest. His lips burned and he stepped away. Haven put her fingers to her lips and moved them through the light blue flame that wavered back and forth. The skin of her entire body was alight with a layer of flames unlike any Colton had ever seen. They shimmered back and forth in beautiful harmony, like a field of tall grass in a strong, shifting wind.
He touched his own lips and felt a small burn mark. “They took my ability,” he said. “They took everyone’s.” Physical contact had not been an issue between them until that moment, even though it had been confined to long hugs and holding hands. Once, while they hugged, Colton had brushed Haven’s cheek with his own and held it there, pressed against her soft skin until the blue flames ignited and flowed out from her and onto him. But it hadn’t burned—not like the kiss had burned. He had been able to absorb the flames and not feel a thing. Without his Conduit ability, his skin would burn with every kiss.
“We were just getting started,” whispered Haven. Her eyes filled with tears as the calmness in her face was replaced with anger. She took a step toward the jagged hole. Shouts echoed up from the floor below.
Bastian reached out and grabbed her arm. “There’s a cure,” he said. “Alistair designed the virus, and he made sure there was a cure in case he accidentally got infected.”
Marius, who had sat forgotten in the background, grunted loudly and got to his feet. “We will get it,” he said, as if it were that simple. “Then we come back to save the day.” He brushed sand from his pants and looked at the others with his eyebrows raised. “Well?”
Colton looked at Haven expectantly.
“I made a promise,” she said, more to herself than to Colton.
“You promised Elena you would try to keep everyone in the Dome safe. The best way for you to do that is to find the cure. We’re powerless without it.”
She reached up to touch his cheek but blue flame sprouted from her palm. She clenched her fist in anger and turned away from him. “We’ll return as soon as we can,” she said. Without looking back, she walked off into the darkness.
Bastian slapped Colton’s shoulder. “We’ll sort it out, mate. Say, you don’t get many scorpions around here, do ye?”
Colton looked at him and blinked.
“Thought not,” said Bastian. He smiled with relief and patted Colton on the back, then followed after Haven.
Roku walked past Colton and stopped. He looked down into the jagged hole of the dome room, the muscles in his jaw working. With reluctance, he followed the others.
Marius stood next to Colton. “Why you didn’t tell me you were staying?”
“I thought you wouldn’t climb the ladder if you knew the truth.”
“Maybe so.” He sighed. “Don’t worry, I look out for Haven.”
“And I’ll look out for Corva.”
Marius smiled sadly. He hitched his belt a little higher around his protruding belly and set off across the sand. The four silhouettes receded into the shadows until their outlines disappeared. A moment later, Colton heard the low whine of a helicopter motor and the slow spin of its blades cutting the air.
He went back to the hole and sat on the edge. He waited until the helicopter lifted off the ground and flew away into the night. The small blinking lights on the tail grew dimmer and dimmer, and Colton felt Haven drifting farther and farther away.
When he could no longer feel her presence, he leaned over the lip of the hole and banged loudly against the metal edge with his fist.
“Hey!” he shouted. The soldiers’ heads snapped up and they looked right at him. “Missing somebody?”
Kamiko glared up at him from the dome room balcony, blue lightning shooting out like whips to lick at his feet. Colton smiled and rolled onto his back in the dirt. There was no way he was climbing back down the ladder. Let them come and get him, if they could. He put his hands behind his head and spent his last few moments of precious freedom looking up at the distant stars.



17

The helicopter thumped low and quiet across the night desert. There was a silencing system built into the craft that muffled the loud ­whup-whup-whup of the blades, presumably to allow for stealth approaches and deployment.
The moon had finally risen and peeked just over the horizon, shining bright and full and painting long shadows over the small rocky hills and hard-packed dirt. It did not reflect against the exterior of the chopper, which had been painted flat black with no identifying marks. The paint seemed to absorb the moonlight and created the illusion that a black hole was floating over the desert. The chopper flew so low that swirls of sand puffed out on the ground below as Marius piloted the craft away from the Dome.
It looked like a giant wasp flying toward its prey. The body of the chopper was segmented near the back and gave the craft an insectoid appearance. Two long, heavy guns protruded from the front of chopper below bulbous black windows that looked like giant eyes. The overall impression was that of intimidation and malice.
Marius mumbled to himself from the pilot’s seat and reached up to flip a red switch that blinked quickly. As soon as he flipped it, the chopper shuddered and dropped a few feet in the air. The twin landing rails attached to the belly of the chopper momentarily scraped the desert floor.
Bastian let out a scared yelp and everyone in the chopper scrambled for a handhold. Haven wrapped her hands around a thick strap of nylon that was bolted to the wall next to the door.
“Are you sure you know how to fly this thing?!” shouted Bastian toward the front of the chopper. He sat in one of the six black seats lining the back section of the craft, right before the body segmented and dipped down toward the tail rotor. Even with the silencing system, the cabin of the chopper was obnoxiously loud.
“Pah!” said Marius from the pilot’s seat. “Put wings on a cow and Marius could fly it.” He reached over his head and flipped another switch. The aircraft smoothed out and ascended to its original cruising altitude. Marius looked back at Haven and winked right before another shudder ran through the chopper. He gripped the steering column firmly with both hands and turned away to focus on flying.
He had explained that staying low to the ground was a good way to avoid being detected by enemy radar; a trick he had learned during his military time in Russia. Haven was less worried about enemy radar and more worried about enemy tracking devices. They had all performed a cursory check as soon as the chopper lifted off the ground, but of course had found nothing. Haven wasn’t surprised. If there was a tracking device on board, it would be buried deep within the craft’s circuitry and nearly impossible to disable without ripping the instrument panels to pieces.
Marius banked the chopper to the left and Haven looked back in the direction of the Dome. She saw a tiny light on the desert floor—the hole that led down into the dome room. There were no headlights between the chopper and the Dome—no pursuing vehicles that she could see.
“So where we go, anyway?” asked Marius.
Bastian released the death grip he had on his seat and walked to the front of the chopper. The electronics on the instrument panel glowed bright green and painted his face a sickly color as he shakily sat down in the copilot’s chair. He spoke to Marius in hushed tones, and a moment later Marius changed course and headed east.
Roku sat across from Haven quietly, studying her. She returned his stare and he looked away slowly.
“Where are we going?” asked Haven.
Bastian turned around in the copilot’s chair. “There’s a facility two hundred miles east of here. We think it’s a manufacturing plant for the Fade virus.”
“How do you know it’s there?”
He grinned. “Mr. Skinny told us at the airport after some…hmm…convincing. He’s actually quite nice when he’s not trying to murder you.”
“Is Alistair there?”
Bastian shook his head. “I doubt it, unless we get really lucky. Hopefully someone at the facility will know more.” He turned back around and Marius handed him a set of headphones. Bastian pulled them over his head and tapped the small microphone next to his mouth. Marius had on a matching pair and spoke to Bastian quickly. He pointed to an instrument panel in front of the copilot’s chair and Bastian flipped a couple of switches and turned a dial. Marius nodded and settled back into his seat.
Haven looked at Roku. His face was sternly set, as if he were forever struggling to make the hardest decision of his life. He didn’t notice when Haven got up and sat in the seat next to him.
“What’s wrong?” she asked. He flinched in surprise and his trance was broken. “I’m sorry,” she said quickly. “I didn’t mean to scare you.”
“You didn’t scare me,” he said. “I was thinking.”
Bastian turned in his copilot’s seat. He watched the two of them for a moment. Haven thought she saw either jealousy or caution in his eyes. He turned away and spoke to Marius.
“The memory you shared with me,” said Haven to Roku, “was it from your home town?”
His frown deepened and he shifted uncomfortably in his chair. Finally, he nodded. “I didn’t want to show you, but there was no other way for you to see.”
“I’m sorry you had to share something so personal,” said Haven.
He looked at her briefly, and he looked surprised that she understood his pain.
“My family was taken from me as well,” she continued. “I only have my brother, Noah.”
“Did you get revenge?”
Haven thought for a moment. The image of Lee jumping to his death from a building in Chicago flashed across her mind. “In a way.”
“No, you didn’t,” said Roku. “I can read it on your face.”
“The ones who burned our homes are dead.”
“But not the one who told them to do it,” said Roku. “Alistair.” His teeth clenched and his hand balled into hard fists when he spoke the name.
“That’s the main reason you’re here, isn’t it?” asked Haven. “It’s not really about finding a cure for the virus or anything else so noble.”
“There are many reasons I am here.”
Haven chose her next words carefully. “You and Bastian knew Alistair was looking for the Dome. You knew he wanted to infect everyone inside.”
“We suspected. He has been using the virus against our kind for months. The Dome seemed like a logical target, but we didn’t know where it was. Then we saw you at the airport and knew it was our chance to catch up with Alistair. We failed to convince you of the real danger.”
Haven looked away. There was no way she could have known whether Roku and Bastian were really trying to help. Her one thought at the time was keeping the Dome safe along with everyone inside.
“We hoped we could get there first,” said Roku. “To stop Kamiko from releasing the virus. I am truly sorry we could not.”
She turned away, unable to stop tears from welling in her eyes. “It’s fatal, isn’t it?” she asked. “The virus.”
“Everyone who has been infected has died.”
“Is it contagious?”
“We don’t think so. The virus must be directly injected into your bloodstream.”
“How long before it kills you?”
“It varies. We’ve seen anything from one week to several months. It always strips your abilities before it moves on to attack the rest of your body. Sometimes that only takes hours, and other times, days. It attacks your immune system, slowly at first. After your abilities are completely wiped out, it works faster. Eventually your organs shut down, and—”
“I get the picture,” interrupted Haven. “How do you know there’s a cure?”
Roku said nothing.
“It’s okay,” shouted Bastian from the front seat. “Tell her.”
Roku looked at him and Bastian nodded.
“Tell me what?” asked Haven.
“Bastian worked for Alistair,” said Roku.
“I thought he said he worked with you at Helix.”
“I worked for Helix alone. Bastian is still ashamed to admit the truth, even though it is obvious his heart was never with Alistair’s cause.”
“I know something about that,” said Haven, thinking of Colton and his temporary, manipulated allegiance to Alistair and Bernam. “When did Bastian work for Alistair?”
“Up until a year ago when he was injected with Fade. The first round of tests were just getting started, and Bastian was ‘volunteered’ to be in the first batch of test subjects. Alistair used his virus on his own people before hunting down others with abilities. He wanted to see how it worked, to be sure he wasn’t wasting his time. Bastian was one of the lucky ones who got the cure. Alistair had to be sure there was a way to undo his damage in case he ever became infected with his own weapon. He didn’t just want a cure, but also an inoculation to ensure that someone who was cured could never be infected again. Most of the test subjects were left to die, but Bastian and a handful of others were successfully cured.” He paused for a moment. “Bastian told me about someone else who works for Alistair, someone else who was infected and then cured.”
“Who?” asked Haven.
“A boy named Reece. And there was a girl, too.”
“Shelly,” said Haven quietly. She remembered the bitter parting between Colton and Reece after the destruction of Bernam’s medical facility.
“Yes,” said Roku. “Shelly.”
“They’re still alive?”
“The last time Bastian saw them, they were with Alistair, a part of his inner circle. Very high up in the ranks of his new army.”
“So, we find this production facility,” said Haven, “where they’re manufacturing Fade. And that will lead us to the cure?”
“Yes.”
“You’re sure?”
Roku was silent.
“That’s what I was afraid of.” Haven leaned back in her seat and watched the desert below. Dark sand blurred past, occasionally pocked by quick flashes of shrub and rock. Time passed slowly and she drifted off to sleep. Her superficial dreams were filled with images of red flame and death, and when she awoke, her body was covered in a thin sheen of sweat despite the cold interior of the helicopter. “How long till we get there?” she asked.
Marius looked down at the instrument panel. “Not long. Fifteen miles ahead.” He reached out to adjust a dial and the entire panel went blank.
“What’s wrong?!” shouted Haven.
“Is not good,” said Marius. He frantically moved the steering column, but it was loose in his hands. The instrument panels in the cockpit were blacked out. Marius flipped switches and twisted dials, then banged his fists against the panel in frustration. He had no control over the chopper.
With slow dread, Haven realized the rotor was slowing down. The rapid whup-whup-whup of the blades became a dragging whoooosh, whoooosh, and it was only getting slower. A red light popped on in the ceiling and a loud alarm blared as the helicopter drifted closer and closer to the ground.
“We will hit,” said Marius. He tightened the straps on his chest and seat belts and braced for impact. Bastian and Roku strapped themselves into their chairs. Haven buckled her seat belt. She slipped her arms through the chest straps on either side of the chair, almost like the straps of a backpack, and worked quickly to buckle the clasp over her chest. Her hands shook and she dropped both pieces.
The alarm beeped louder as the ground outside rushed up to meet the chopper. Haven could no longer hear the spin of the blades. They were in free fall. She fumbled with both pieces of the buckle and brought them together over her chest. There was a firm click as they locked, and she yanked on the loose strap dangling from the buckle until the chest belt was nearly restricting her breathing.
She looked out the side window and everything moved in slow motion. Sound disappeared. Her hair floated in front of her face as if she were underwater. Across from her, Roku squeezed his eyes tightly together and gripped the sides of his chair with white knuckles.
Through the window, Haven saw the horizon rise up and disappear as the helicopter rolled onto its side. She was looking straight down at the ground, and even in slow motion, it rushed past the window with sickening speed. Haven opened her mouth to scream when the helicopter hit the ground.
Roku’s side of the chopper hit first. There was a scraping sound that drowned out the screams. The noises of the world around her came back to Haven’s ears louder than ever as the blades of the chopper bent against the hard ground and snapped off the rotor.
Metal groaned as the body of the chopper twisted in two different directions at once. With an ear-piercing explosion, the back segment of the body ripped off and tumbled away behind the craft. Cold wind tore at Haven’s body as she watched the back third of the chopper disintegrate across the sand.
“Hang on!” shouted Marius, right before the nose of the chopper hit a huge rock.
The broken tail rose up into the air and the helicopter flipped end over end. Haven saw dark sand, then night sky—sand, sky, sand, sky, in rapid progression as the chopper tumbled through the air. The last thing she saw was the ground as it rushed up and slammed into the open tail of the helicopter.



18

It took them a long time to get Colton down from the gaping hole at the top of the dome room. He lay up there for hours, staring up at the stars in the night sky. One of Kamiko’s soldiers had to scale the ladder on the inside of the dome wall, just as Colton and Marius had done to get out. The soldier made better time than they had originally, but he also had the benefit of a fully illuminated dome room to help ease his journey.
When the soldier finally got to the top of the ladder and swung one of his legs up unto the sand, there was a moment when Colton could have easily nudged him back over the edge. With both of his hands groping for a handhold on the ground next to the hole, the soldier would have fallen all the way down to the concrete floor of the dome room. Splat.
Instead, Colton grabbed the soldier’s armored vest and helped pull him all the way up. He didn’t know what his previous insubordination would cost him or the others in the Dome and he didn’t want to add any more punishment to the long list.
The soldier got quickly to his feet and unslung the rifle that had been strapped tightly to his back. His face was covered by one of the tight-fitting black masks. The sensor patches over his eyes were iridescent and honeycombed, like the eyes of an insect. Now that Colton was getting a closer look, he thought they might let the soldier see in several different wavelengths of light. If so, it was a miracle none of them had looked up while he and Marius were making their escape.
The soldier was a beast—easily over six feet tall with shoulders broad enough to get stuck in a doorway. Every soldier that Kamiko brought along had the same physical build and the same gear. Colton’s optimism at somehow getting the upper hand through brute force wavered and died. Without his ability, he was nothing.
The soldier growled at Colton to stand up. He did, and the soldier quickly shouldered his rifle and produced a black belt from a pocket of his armored vest. The soldier slung the belt around Colton’s waist and clasped a chrome buckle in the front. Then the soldier knelt down and felt around under the lip of the hole in the dome. He grunted and unclipped a large carabiner from the last ladder rung, then snapped the clip over the chrome buckle on Colton’s new belt. A long black rope trail from the carabiner down into the dome.
“Hey, wait a second,” said Colton, but it was too late.
The soldier gave a quick tug at the belt to make sure it was secure, then gave a small salute right before he pushed Colton over the edge of the big hole.
Colton fell, waving his arms wildly, hoping to grab the edge of the hole on his way down. It slipped past his vision before he could touch it and he looked down to see the floor of the dome room rushing toward him. He let out a yell just as the rope attached to his belt snapped taught. His body jerked downward with a jarring stop and one of his ribs snapped.
Colton screamed as the rope swung him sideways. His body hit the wall of the dome and he groaned from the electric pain in his ribcage. He tried to grab a rung of the ladder halfway down the wall but his feeble fingers slipped easily off the rung and he swung back out over the center of the floor like a giant pendulum. Above him, the rope was secured a few rungs down from the hole. The soldier looked down on him and waved. If he didn’t have the mask on, Colton was sure he would have been smiling. 
Suddenly he was moving again, but much more slowly. The other end of the rope ran through a pulley attached near the hole and down the back side of the ladder rungs. Another soldier at the base of the ladder was slowly feeding out more line to lower Colton to the floor.
He hung limply from the rope, spinning freely as he dropped inch by inch. Most of the dome room floor was empty of people except for a few soldiers rummaging through Dormer’s work area. They were picking up equipment from the shelves and throwing it to the ground if it held no interest. There were three people watching the soldiers from the second tier balcony: Dormer, his brother Adsen, and little Noah. They looked up at Colton and he tried to smile to let them know he was okay, but the rope jerked to a quick stop and his smile turned into a grimace.
He was hanging a few feet above the floor when the soldier tied the line off and walked away.
“Hey!” shouted Colton.
The soldier ignored him and kept on walking. He climbed the steps to the second floor balcony and drew his rifle on Dormer and the others. He ordered them downstairs and herded them across the big dome room and into the Grove.
After they had gone, Colton hung there, spinning in the middle of the room like the forgotten meal of  a giant spider.
Across the room from the Grove entrance was the door leading to the garage elevator. Next to that was the small water processing room. The door swung open and Kamiko emerged, her head held high in some sort of victory pose. She didn’t walk across the floor to Colton. Instead, she hovered a few inches above it, propelled forward by some unseen power. No blue lightning crackled from her back like the long legs of a nightmare insect. Instead, only a faint, dark blue glow illuminated her dark eyes from deep within.
As she approached Colton, the hair on the back of his neck stood up, as if she were overcharged with static electricity. He felt his shirt move toward her as she drew near and encircled him, studying his body as if he were a rat in a laboratory. She reached out a slender hand and poked his shoulder, stopping his slow spin. Even that slight touch sent electric streaks of pain through his broken rib, but Colton forced himself to remain silent. Instead, he grit his teeth and glared at her with as much hatred as he could summon. The belt dug painfully into his waist. He grabbed onto the rope above his head to keep from hanging like a broken puppet.
“Where did you take them?” asked Colton.
“They’re in the Grove,” said Kamiko. “It is a beautiful place. I understand it carries a great deal of meaning for your people.”
She looked at him as if waiting for an answer. Colton made up his mind not to tell her any more than was absolutely necessary.
“Are your soldiers in there as well?” he asked.
“Most of them. Right now every one of your friends is staring down the barrel of a gun.”
Colton lunged for her despite the stabbing pain in his torso. His broken rib-bones grinded together as he wrapped his hands around her throat. It was like grabbing an electrified fence. His fingers contracted painfully as electricity coursed through his muscles, forcing him to squeeze even harder. Kamiko was unaffected. Her eyes were sheathed in solid blue glass, and she watched Colton indifferently as he struggled to let go. He shook on the end of the rope as if he were having a seizure. Every muscle in his body tightened until he thought they would tear in half.
Finally, the current of electricity stopped. Kamiko’s eyes cleared and Colton’s hands dropped loosely from her throat. His eyes rolled back in his head as he hung loosely from the rope.
“As I was saying,” continued Kamiko. She paced around him, tapping her chin thoughtfully. “The fate of your friends is up to you. Either you choose to cooperate and we can all work together, or you can attempt another escape.”
Colton tried to force a weak smile, but failed. “We’re all dead, anyway. You poisoned everyone in here. We’re just disposable lab rats, isn’t that right?”
Kamiko looked at him for a moment. “Not all of you,” she said at last. “If you cooperate with me, I promise to take good care of your people.”
“And if I don’t?”
She took a step closer. “I won’t hesitate to kill every single one of you, as I’ve said.”
Colton’s first thought was of Noah and Micah. They were just little boys and had done nothing to deserve such a cruel fate.
“What do you want from me?” asked Colton. “What can I give you that you can’t take by force?”
She smiled and her eyes sparkled. “I want the cooperation of everyone in the Dome. You can assure them that they will be well-cared for if they follow the rules. If any of them try to escape—if any more of them try to escape—then I will hold you personally responsible.” Her voice carried a malicious edge, and Colton knew he never wanted to find out what she had in mind as a punishment if anyone disobeyed. “The Russian is gone,” she said. “I am willing to let it go—just this once—if you do as I say without question.”
“You can’t expect us to just lay down and die.”
“I can and I do. But it doesn’t have to be as bad as you think. The sooner I get what I want, the sooner I will leave.”
“What is it you want, exactly?” asked Colton.
“I need to know why Fade infects some of our kind and not others. I need to know how to improve its mortality rate to one-hundred percent.”
“Liar,” said Colton. “Whoever’s pulling your strings cares about all of that. You just want Haven.”
Kamiko bared her teeth in an animalistic snarl and Colton knew he hit a nerve. Sparks of lightning shot from her back and her hair slowly stood on end. Dark blue flames licked up from her eyes like two dancing candles. She floated over the ground and stood inches away from Colton. The hairs on his arms reached out for her, crackling with static electricity.
“Will you force me to hurt the children?” she asked.
The sparks of lightning on her back became a solid tube of blue fire that extended into the air above her, like a fire snake ready to strike. It slammed down into Colton’s body and moved over his skin. His resolution to not show pain was broken and he screamed in agony. Kamiko spoke and somehow her voice pierced through his deafening scream, as if she were speaking directly in his mind.
“I will hurt them, Colton. All of them. It would be nothing to me. You are brave, and that is a noble thing. But do not let your bravery be the death of your friends. Will you help me? Make your decision.”
Suddenly the pain was gone. The blue fire vanished and Colton was left hanging numbly from the rope, swinging slowly back and forth. At first he couldn’t force his mouth to speak the word, but finally his muscles loosened and he whispered, “Yes.”
Kamiko reached toward the rope over his head and a spark of lightning shot out from her palm. The rope snapped and Colton fell the last few feet to the ground. He landed against his broken rib but was too exhausted to utter a sound. Instead, he lay there, mouth open in a silent scream. He rolled over onto his back to get the pressure off his broken bone, but the pain followed him.
He stared at Kamiko as she walked away. As if in warning, she looked back over her shoulder and dark blue light flared up in her eyes. She disappeared through the doors that led to the Grove and Colton lost his fight with consciousness.



19

Haven floated in a great void, as if she were in the deepest heart of space. Every star had been extinguished, leaving only darkness. She knew she was dreaming, yet she was unable to force herself to wake.
In the blackness, something skittered onto her left hand. She wanted to shake it off but couldn’t move. For a split second Haven was back in her old home in the comfort of her own bed—before the fire, before her parents had been murdered. A huge spider slowly crawled over the back of her hand, its hairy legs probing her skin as if it were searching for the softest bit of tissue. The tips of Haven’s fingers twitched, but the rest of her was frozen stiff.
The two foremost legs of the spider rose up into the air and its glistening fangs spread impossibly wide. For a long moment the spider waited, ready to strike. Then, with lightning speed, it sank its fangs into Haven’s skin.
She screamed and sat up. Her head smashed into a panel and her vision went white. She fell back against the inside wall of the helicopter, groaning. Whatever had been on her hand skittered away. Haven opened her eyes and, with blurred vision, saw the raised tail of a scorpion disappear outside through a massive hole in the helicopter.
She held up her arm, ignoring for a moment the long streak of blood that ran from her elbow to her wrist. A tiny, red welt formed on the back of her left hand. The sting was spreading across her skin rapidly and the pain was getting worse.
“Northern scorpion,” said Bastian from somewhere nearby. “I knew it.” Haven looked over and saw him. He was still in the copilot’s chair, but the instrument panel had been pushed so far into the cabin that his lower body was pinned beneath a massive chunk of metal and electronics. A small trickle of blood ran freely from a cut near one of his temples.
“Are they deadly?” she asked.
“Not that one. Too big. It’s the little guys you have to watch out for.” He groaned loudly and tried to push himself out from between the instrument panel and his seat, but neither would budge.
The pilot’s chair next to him was empty.
“Where’s Marius?” asked Haven. She was suddenly aware of how afraid she was at his absence. He was the one visual anchor that held her securely to the world of the Dome and to the people within. It was easier to remember their faces if she was with someone familiar.
“Right here,” came a gruff voice from outside the helicopter. The thick Russian accent was unmistakable. Marius leaned down and looked into the chopper through the ragged hole in its side. A large cut ran across the top of his forehead, but otherwise he seemed unharmed. He frowned when he looked at Haven.
“You let yourself get stung,” he said with disappointment.
“You weren’t there to watch out for me,” she shot back.
“Marius will not always be there,” he said. He stepped over debris inside the helicopter and knelt down beside her. “Probably best to get that through your head sooner rather than later.”
He picked up her swelling hand and pressed it between his palms. A soft glow of orange light filtered through his fingers, and a pleasant warmth engulfed Haven’s hand. When he let go, the red welt was gone, as was the pain from the sting. Marius then found the deep cut on Haven’s elbow and pressed his thumb into it. She clenched her teeth and hissed sharply as the orange light flowed from his skin and disappeared into the cut. When he removed his thumb, the skin had healed over and left behind a pink splotch, like an old burn mark.
“I thought Fade took your abilities,” said Haven.
Marius grunted. “It did. This is the new limit of the power. Marius has almost nothing left. He is a walking Band-Aid.”
Haven patted his bald head and he pushed her arm away gently.
“It will scar,” he said, pointing at the healed cut on her arm. “Sorry.” He stood up slowly and stretched his back. “Where is the other guy?”
“Roku?” asked Haven. “I don’t know.”
“Well,” said Marius. “Best we all stay together, yes?” He turned and left the chopper.
“Hey!” shouted Bastian. “What about me?!”
Marius ignored him and followed a set of footprints leading away from the helicopter.
Inside, Haven unbuckled both of her belts and stood up. One side of the chopper was now the floor, and the other the ceiling. She stepped over debris on her way to the cockpit. Behind her, the entire back third of the helicopter had been ripped off. She looked back and saw a small silhouette of crumpled metal in the distance where the chopper had first hit the ground. A long trench had been carved into the hard earth as the body of the chopper scraped over the desert floor.
Haven leaned against the pilot’s chair and watched Bastian struggle to free his legs.
“How’s it going?” she asked.
“Oh, you know, just hanging out, crushed by a bloody helicopter. This is probably the worst day of my life. Wait—no, let me think. Yep. Yeah, this is it. This is the worst.”
“How do you think I feel?” asked Haven. “First the plane crash and now this.”
He smiled. “Guess you need new friends.”
“Tell me about it.” She poked the bent piece of hull below the instrument panel that pinned Bastian’s lower body to his chair. “I could try to melt you out,” she said.
“Are ye daft?” His Scottish accent was thick with agitation. “Ye’ll melt me own legs off! Go and find Roku, he can help.”
“You’re kind of bossy when you’re in a jam,” said Haven with a smile.
Bastian opened his mouth to say something else but Haven was already out of the chopper. She could dimly see Marius standing a short distance away, looking toward the dark horizon. Next to him was Roku, still as a statue. He seemed unharmed by the crash. Haven wondered if he had somehow managed to use his Conduit power to absorb and deflect the force of the impact.
“What is it?” she asked as she stood on the other side of Marius.
“The facility,” he said. “Roku says it is not far now.”
Haven squinted into the darkness and saw nothing but the faint outlines of several small mountains. “Bastian is still stuck,” she said.
Roku sighed and walked back to the chopper with Haven close behind.
“Finally!” said Bastian. “What have you been doing out there, anyway?”
“We are close,” said Roku.
“Well, let’s get moving!” said Bastian. He looked at Haven and nodded toward Roku. “Hit him with it.”
“With what?” asked Haven.
“Give him your best shot, let’s go. Light him up. He’ll take it in and push this mess right off.”
Haven looked at Roku warily. He nodded. “You’re sure?” she asked.
Bastian slapped his palms on the instrument panel. “Well, I don’t want to sit here for the rest of my life, now do I?!”
Haven took a step back. Roku planted his feet firmly on the floor of the chopper, right next to Bastian.
Haven closed her eyes and waited. Her mind went blank and she imagined a giant sphere of blue flame—a star that was her own source of energy. It appeared in the distance as it always did, only now, after a year of practice, she was able to bring it closer much faster than she once could.
The ball of blue fire shot toward her, growing rapidly in her mind. It stopped and hovered close, slowly turning on its axis, the blue plasma swirling over its surface like flowing lava. Haven drew on its energy. She forced the power into her veins and felt it growing between her shoulder blades. Warmth cascaded throughout her body, heating her cool skin. It moved quickly out to her shoulders and down her arms. It pooled in her clenched fists, and her palms grew hot with raw energy. She felt her wings spreading from her back, unfolding and stretching wide.
Somewhere, as if from a great distance away, she heard Bastian say, “Roku, I hope you’re ready for this, mate.”
Haven opened her eyes and the world was painted blue. The fire consumed her vision and everything she saw danced behind the blue flames that covered her entire body. The very tips of her energy wings burned through the hull of the chopper as she stood in its center.
With a final nod from Roku, she let loose.
A brilliant stream of searing hot plasma erupted from her outstretched hands. The energy hit Roku square in the chest and sent him flying through the cockpit window. He soared twenty feet away and hit the ground at a tumble.
“Woooo-hoooo!” shouted Bastian.
The blue fire dissipated instantly. Haven ran outside and knelt down next to Roku.
“I’m so sorry!” she said quickly. “I didn’t mean to let that much go! I guess I—I didn’t have as much control as I thought.”
She helped him roll onto his back. He coughed out a mouthful of sand and groaned as if he had been hit by a cement truck. Smoke billowed up from his clothes and Haven wafted it away. “Well,” he said weakly, “you’ve had a lot on your mind recently. Quick, help me back to the helicopter. I can’t hold this much energy for long.”
Blue flame erupted on Roku’s hands and slowly crawled over his body. He kept his fists clenched tightly as Haven helped him to the chopper. She guided him to stand next to Bastian, then took a few steps back.
“I’m ready,” said Bastian.
Roku took a deep breath and the blue flames covering his skin vanished. He yelled once, a sharp cry of concentration, and struck the instrument panel with an open palm. It was like a sledgehammer hitting a wall with full force. A visible wave of air pushed in front of Roku’s fist as it slammed into the panel. The wave transferred into the chopper and ran over the surface of the panel like ripples through water. It cracked in a hundred places, exposing the dented hull that was pinning Bastian’s legs. The helicopter groaned with the force of the impact.
Bastian twisted in his seat and was able to move slightly, but he was still trapped.
“Almost got it,” he said.
Roku brought his fist back again, and with another sharp yell, struck the exposed metal hull. It crumpled at the point of impact. His fist sank deep into the middle, crunching it as if he were punching a cardboard box.
Bastian scrambled away from the instrument panel and fell to the floor, panting heavily. Roku sat next to him, eyes closed, sweat dripping from his face. Bastian laughed and slapped him on the shoulder, but Roku did not respond.
“Is he okay?” asked Haven.
“He will be,” said Bastian. He ran his hands over his own legs, checking for injuries. “Takes a while to recover from something like that, especially if you two weren’t ‘meant for each other’, as I like to say. And from the looks of the dose you gave him, I wouldn’t be surprised if he was a bit dazed for another month!” He stood up and gave her a quick hug. “Thank you,” he said, and left the chopper.
Haven knelt down next to Roku and rested her hand on his shoulder. He barely opened his eyes and looked at her. She smiled at him and he blinked heavily. Haven followed Bastian outside. He stood next to Marius, looking into the distance.
“You’re lucky you are not more injured,” Marius said to Bastian. “Marius can only do cuts now. Easy to cauterize. But severed limbs is not so good.”
“Nice to have a someone around who can handle a patch job, anyway,” said Bastian. He slapped Marius on the back and stood next to him, grinning.
“Why so happy?” asked Marius.
“Just glad to be alive. Not sure how much longer it will last, but it’s good for now, at least.”
“Where are we?” asked Haven.
“Two hundred miles east of Dome,” said Marius. “North of Billings, if Marius read his map correctly.”
“That’s right,” said Bastian. “Middle of blessed nowhere. Ever notice that’s where all the bad guys like to do business? Why couldn’t they own a factory in Paris or Fiji, you know? It had to be a desert in Montana.”
“We should get moving,” said Haven. “If there was a tracking device in the chopper, they’ll know where we crashed.”
“I bet they know anyway,” said Marius. “It was remote control that shut down the chopper. There was nothing Marius could do.”
“They cut the engine from way back at the Dome?” asked Haven.
“Is the only possibility,” said Marius. “We had plenty of fuel. Equipment in the chopper was good.”
“I’ll get Roku,” said Haven, and turned to walk back to the helicopter.
“Give him another minute,” said Bastian. “He’ll need his strength for what’s ahead.”
Haven looked at the horizon. A cold wind blew across the desert and chilled her skin. A light haze of steam rose from her body as the warmth from her fire evaporated. “What’s ahead?” she asked.
“Nothing good. Nothing good at all.”



20

Colton awoke on the floor of Marius and Corva’s dormitory cell. The room was shaped like a giant pill, with rusty metal walls and a submarine door. His cheek peeled off the cold metal floor as he sat up and looked around. Corva slept on her own bed next to the extra cots that had been shoved into the room after Kamiko’s occupation. The medical center refugees were all unconscious on the extra cots, twitching feverishly. Privacy was a thing of the past in the Dome. Soldiers were stationed everywhere, even outside the bathrooms. None of the inhabitants could ever really be alone.
Colton stood hesitantly, with a hand hovering over his broken rib, waiting for the pain to return. It never did. He stood up and stretched his back, then swung his arms back and forth. He took a deep breath—no pain. Someone must have healed him while he slept. Colton lifted his shirt and looked at the skin over his ribs. A large purple bruise covered his entire right side, but it didn’t hurt when he pushed it hard. He felt along his ribs beneath his skin—perfectly intact.
Corva sniffed and shifted on her cot. Her short, stark-white hair fell over her eyes and she mumbled in her sleep. Colton walked to the cot and sat on the edge. He pulled the thin blanket a little higher to cover her shoulders and noticed the layer of sweat that covered her skin. She was shivering.
He searched the room and came back with two more thin blankets, then unfolded both and draped them over Corva. She sighed weakly and her eyelids fluttered open. Her pupils were dilated wide, and did not adjust to the light. She squinted as if it hurt her to keep them open, then turned away to face the wall.
“Where is everyone?” she whispered. Her voice was scratched and weak, as if she had been screaming for hours. Colton knew that wasn’t the case. He knew she had been sleeping most of the time since being injected with Fade. It worked its dark poison on Corva faster than it had on the others. Black veins crawled up from the base of her neck, reaching up toward her jaw like the dead branches of a naked tree.
“They’re probably getting something to eat,” said Colton. The dormitory rooms had been ideal for housing the Dome’s inhabitants. Kamiko and her soldiers could lock the doors from the outside and keep up to six people in each room. There was only one exit between the dormitories and the rest of the Dome: a long hallway that led past the kitchen. It was guarded at all times by three heavily-armed soldiers.
“I was having a very nice talk with Micah and Noah earlier,” said Corva. She coughed and closed her eyes.
“How are they holding up?” asked Colton. He had been concerned for the boys ever since Kamiko and her soldiers arrived. It took a little getting used to, but Micah and Noah seemed to be adjusting well to the new circumstances after their initial sickness wore off—better than most of the adults, in fact.
“They are boys,” said Corva. “To Micah, it is still not very different from a game. But Noah understands. He misses his sister.” Suddenly her back arched and she cried out in pain. Her knuckles turned bone-white as she grabbed at the covers and twisted them until she ripped out a small patch of cloth. She brought the patch to her mouth and bit down on it to muffle a scream.
Colton put his hand on her shoulder and she relaxed a little, breathing heavily. Strands of white hair clung to her sweaty forehead. She shivered constantly.
“I miss Marius,” she said distantly. A moment later, her breathing slowed and she fell asleep. Colton readjusted the blankets and brushed her hair back from her forehead.
It was rare for a Source and a Conduit who were meant for each other—true counterparts—to end up together. Corva and Marius were lucky in that regard. It saddened Colton to know that only a tiny fraction of those like him would ever find the person who could unlock the full potential of their ability. Those Colton knew who had yet to find their counterparts were not weak at all, so Colton supposed fulfillment was all a matter of perspective. Dormer had gone his whole life without finding his Source and he was the strongest Conduit Colton had ever met, aside from Bernam. But Bernam had been a Void—the strongest of his kind.
Now the Void power resided in Alistair, who murdered Bernam so he could turn himself into a Nova. Colton stood from Corva’s cot and looked at the survivors from Bernam’s medical facility. They lay curled up and shivering, black veins crawling over their skin.
How do you fight back against such a ruthless enemy? thought Colton. The voice in his head that answered was his mother’s: Any way you can.
He tried to remember what was in his own dorm cell. It had been cleared of everything he might use to cause a problem for Kamiko and her lackeys. All he had left was a stack of wrinkled clothes and some pictures of his mother he had retrieved from his old house long ago. He had an urge to go back to his room and flip through them but decided it wasn’t the time for sadness and regret.
Now he needed to focus.
He went to the door and stood before it, studying the large, rusted wheel in its center. The wheel was connected to metal bars that went out to both sides of the door, sealing it closed. If he spun the wheel, the metal bars would shift inward a few inches, clearing the welded braces on both sides of the door.
Colton spun the wheel and was completely surprised when the door swung inward without any sort of resistance. He poked his head out into the dark hallway, expecting one of Kamiko’s soldiers to come running at any second, waving his rifle at Colton and yelling at him to get back inside.
No one appeared. The hallway was empty. Colton stepped out of his room and shut the door behind him. To his right was the end of the hallway and the sealed door to another dorm cell. To his left, the hallway continued, eventually passing the kitchen. Directly across the hall from Colton was the door to another room, and he stepped quietly over to it and rapped lightly on its metal surface. There was no answer from within, so he spun the outer wheel and pushed in the door. It made a soft squeak as it opened. Dormer and Adsen turned quickly to look at him. The two men visibly relaxed when they saw who it was.
The dorm cell was laid out exactly as Marius and Corva’s, with several cots pushed closely together around the walls. The place had been sanitized: anything that could be mildly considered as a weapon had been hauled away.
Dormer and Adsen sat in the middle of the room, hovering conspiratorially over a small wooden table that was covered with loose papers. At a quick glance, Colton saw building blueprints and what looked like molecular diagrams.
“The doors are unlocked,” said Colton, unsure of what else to say.
Dormer nodded. “They’re watching the end of the hall. They don’t seem to mind if we wander around this area by ourselves. For now.” He looked awkward sitting in such a short chair next to the table. He was a tall, thin man with slicked-back hair and a thick Adam’s apple that bobbed up and down when he spoke. Colton was often reminded of a bird; Dormer blinked often and moved his head in quick jerks when he was excited.
Adsen was similar, yet much different. He sat across the table from his brother and carried the weight of a man who had endured much pain. Colton knew they were fraternal twins, yet Adsen looked decades older. His hair was thinning and the dark circles under his eyes bespoke the months of torture he endured at Bernam’s medical facility. Still, his eyes were keen and bright, and Colton saw a deep intelligence when the man turned to look his way.
“Please, won’t you join us?” he asked. His voice had a slight British tone, very proper, and one that Colton had never before detected in Dormer. He wondered how much time the brothers had spent apart from each other as children. Colton found a wooden box crate next to one of the cots and pulled it over to the table. He sat between the two men and looked at the papers.
One was a top-down layout of the entire Dome facility. Little black X marks had been scratched in various locations, and next to each was a duration of time written out in minutes, such as “:15” and “:40”.
“What are those?” asked Colton.
“Shift times,” said Dormer. “The duration a soldier stays in one location.”
“You’re keeping track of their movements,” said Colton. Faint pencil lines followed one X to the other, and he realized that the lines were the exact paths the soldiers took throughout the Dome. Adsen and Dormer had meticulously tracked their schedules and movements down to the precise minute. His hopes sank when he realized the pattern in their timing. “Some of them only stay in one spot for five minutes,” he said.
Dormer nodded. “They are infuriatingly efficient. Probably ex-military.”
“What are you going to do?”
Adsen sighed. “We don’t know. Yet. But we’ve identified the perfect window of five minutes where we could do something.”
“There are twelve soldiers,” said Dormer, “plus the evil Queen Bee. Without our abilities, a proper coup is impossible.”
Adsen smiled. “A little optimism goes a long way, brother.”
“You’re one to talk. They had you locked up in that medical facility for months, draining the life out of you.”
“And I never gave up hope that you would get me out.”
Dormer clenched his teeth and looked down at the papers. Colton remembered how angry Dormer had been when Elena and the others in the Dome would only go to the medical facility after Haven’s brother had been kidnapped. Adsen had rotted there for months, and Dormer had to endure that knowledge until he was finally able to go to his rescue.
“What’s the rest of this stuff?” asked Colton. He lifted the edge of a sheet of paper and saw images taken through a microscope that showed bacteria of some kind. Calculations and long strings of chemical sequences were scribbled under the images in an unsteady hand.
Adsen quickly plucked the sheet of paper away and tucked it into his pants pocket. “Something I have been working on for quite some time, and something I am not quite ready to share with the world.”
“Kamiko wants me to make sure everyone cooperates,” said Colton. “She said she wants to leave here as soon as possible.”
“Why?”
Colton spoke in a near-whisper. “I think she wants to kill Haven.”



21

Adsen and Dormer were silent for a long time, lost in their own thoughts. Colton let them think, waiting impatiently. Eventually, Dormer looked up, clear understanding in his eyes.
“Haven and Kamiko both share the blue flame.”
“Yes…” said Colton, unsure about where he was heading.
“Extraordinarily rare,” said Adsen, “for two Sources of the same color to find each other, let alone exist at the same time.”
“Well, the colors aren’t exactly the same,” said Colton.
“And for one to be hunting the other…” said Dormer. He trailed off, mumbling to himself.
Colton suddenly understood. “Kamiko wants to make sure there is no one else who could inherit the Phoenix energy if she dies.”
Adsen nodded gravely. “That hypothesis would seem to fit the facts.”
“Would it go back into her if she died and there was no one else with blue flame? She would be immortal!”
“We can’t know for sure.”
“How many more are there?” asked Colton. “Other people with blue flame?”
“Your guess is as good as mine,” said Dormer. “Phoenix are always female, just as the Void is always male. We have no direct idea how many others like us are out there in the world, and for even two to have the same color flame—”
“Three hundred,” said Adsen.
“Three hundred what?”
“That’s how many of us there are in the world. Give or take a few.”
“How could you possibly know that?” asked Dormer. He stared at his brother in disbelief.
“Although it shames me to admit it,” said Adsen, “population measurement of our own kind was one of my directives while I was a captive at the medical facility. It was tricky at first, nearly impossible, but then the patterns began to reveal themselves.”
“What patterns?” asked Colton. He sat on the edge of his wooden crate, leaning forward eagerly.
“Old patterns. Population booms in specific areas where…where terrible things would later happen.”
“Not this again,” said Dormer dismissively. He stood up from his chair and crossed his arms. He paced around the room, shaking his head.
“I didn’t believe it at first, either,” said Adsen. His face flushed with embarrassment. “But then the patterns grew too clear to ignore. Something terrible is going to happen, which is why there are so many of us in the world.”
“Three hundred doesn’t seem like a lot,” said Colton.
“Normally, you would be right. But three hundred of our kind? Just imagine all the laws of nature that were shattered to bring us into existence! It’s quite remarkable when you—”
Dormer cleared his throat.
Adsen’s face flushed and he swallowed hard. “Right, sorry. As I was saying, I wouldn’t be surprised to learn there were less than fifty of us during peaceful times, but now, with something dreadful on the horizon…” His voice broke off and he shuffled through his papers. He muttered numbers and fragmented thoughts until he finally fell silent and looked as if he forgot what he was saying.
“How did you find them?” asked Colton, trying to bring Adsen back from his own mind. The tall, lanky man shook his head and turned away. Tears welled in his eyes.
Dormer took notice and recognized something in his brother’s face that Colton could not. He knelt down next to Adsen and rested a hand on his brother’s shoulder.
“How did you find them, Addy?”
Adsen closed his eyes and tears squeezed out. He clutched anxiously at his scraggy beard and his words tumbled out in half-sobs. “It was the boy. Bernam cut him open and he—he told me to figure out how a Nova could locate every Source and Conduit around the globe.”
“You mean Noah?” asked Colton, “Haven’s brother?”
Adsen shook his head gravely. “The one before him. The other boy. He was a Nova as well.”
Dormer pulled his hand away from Adsen’s shoulder. The look he had recognized on his brother’s face, the look that Colton was just beginning to recognize, was shame.
Adsen sobbed loudly but was determined to continue, to confess his dark sin. “With Noah, Bernam wanted to know how our kind worked, how we are able to do the things we do. He wanted a scientific reason for our existence. But with the boy he took before Noah, Bernam had a very specific method. The boy needed to be alive for me to tap into his ability to locate everyone like us. Every Source, every Conduit. Some Phoenix have that ability, but every Nova does. Every pure Nova, anyway. And Alistair is no pure Nova. That’s why it took him so long to find this place, especially after I stopped my work.” He took a deep breath and his body shook from his sobs. “When they brought Noah in, I refused to be a part of it. I was treated with vile cruelty, until finally I could no longer walk and they strapped me to a table and sedated me until near-death. That is where you found me, brother.”
Dormer’s voice was low and full of disgust. “Well, now we know how they found us, don’t we? You could have warned us when you woke up. Instead you lied, and now look what’s happened. I can’t believe you did that, Addy.”
Adsen lowered his head and closed his eyes. “Neither can I.”
“What happened to him?” asked Dormer. “The other boy.”
Adsen could not answer. He covered his face with his hands and wept. Dormer’s eyes filled with inky blackness, and the single light in the ceiling dimmed. Colton stood up, knocking back his wooden crate.
Dormer still had his ability. Colton was about to ask how that was possible when the door quickly opened and a soldier stepped into the room. He aimed his rifle at Adsen’s head. The darkness faded instantly from Dormer’s eyes as he looked at Colton. He brought his finger to his mouth and made a shushing motion.
Brightness returned to the overhead light as two more soldiers entered the room and aimed their guns at Dormer and Colton. The first soldier stepped forward and lifted Adsen from his chair by his shirt-collar.
“Time to get to work, Doctor,” said the soldier. His voice came out as a garbled, mechanical growl—some kind of voice-masking apparatus was built into his rebreather.
Dormer took a step forward and the soldier closest to him swung the butt of his rifle. It hit Dormer’s temple with a sharp CRACK and sent him sprawling to the ground. Adsen was pushed from the room and the soldiers retreated. The door closed behind them, leaving Colton and Dormer in silence.



22

Sand crunched under Haven’s shoes as she followed Bastian and Roku. They walked side by side, silent, heads down except for the occasional glance forward. The dim, black outline of a building had appeared in the distance, growing larger with every step. The compound must have been massive, for Haven could tell they were still a couple of miles away and the building occupied a sizable chunk of the horizon.
Marius walked next to her, frowning in deep thought. He scratched at his unshaven neck; at the faint black veins that were slowly creeping over his throat. His balding head shone softly in the moonlight.
“I wouldn’t worry about Corva,” said Haven, guessing at the thoughts that occupied his mind. When he looked over at her quickly, she saw she had guessed correctly. “She’s very strong, and she will wait for you.”
Marius shook his head and looked down at his own feet as he walked. “Maybe not strong enough for this,” he said softly. “Marius is beginning to think he should have stayed with her.”
“You can do the most good here,” said Haven. “With me.”
He smiled weakly, but there was no feeling behind it. Ahead, Bastian squealed and there was a soft whumph of air from Roku’s fist. A circular patch of sand sank down into the ground, as if it had been suddenly pressed down by the foot of an invisible elephant.
“Thanks,” said Bastian. He shuddered and continued walking. Haven passed the round depression and saw a flattened scorpion in the middle.
“Where are you getting your energy?” Haven asked Roku.
“Moonlight,” he said, and pointed up into the night sky. “Takes a while.”
Bastian grinned. “Full moons are just perfect for that steady flow.” He looked around at each member of the group. “Strange for there to be just one Con in a crowd full of Sources. Bloody rare, is what it is.”
“Why are there so many more Conduits in the first place?” asked Haven.
“I was hoping you knew,” said Bastian.
“Don’t you have a theory?”
He grinned again. Haven wondered why his face hadn’t yet permanently frozen in that expression. “Who doesn’t?” he said. “I think it has something to do with balance. Sources actually create the energy out of nowhere, which violates the natural order to begin with.” He jabbed a thumb toward Roku. “All the Cons do is move that energy around. They just pick it right up and set it down someplace else. They’re not actually affecting much in the grand order of things. I think it takes a lot more for a Source to come into existence, so it doesn’t happen very often. It’s almost like a miracle.”
“You believe in miracles?” asked Haven.
“I’m hoping to see a few tonight,” he said. She thought he was joking until she saw the look of worry on his face.
Before she could ask him what was wrong, Roku stopped and held up his arm for them to wait. Ahead in the darkness, a large truck drove on a dirt road next to the sprawling building. Its headlights flashed over them as it turned. They quickly ducked to the ground. The truck paused for a moment and the driver got out. He took a few steps toward them, squinting into the night. He unclipped a flashlight from his vest and shone it directly at them, but they were too far away and its beam was so weak that it died well before it reached their position.
The guard lingered for a moment until another passenger in the truck spoke to him. The driver laughed and got back into the truck, then drove farther down the dirt road until all Haven could see was a pair of dim red taillights growing fainter until they finally disappeared.
Bastian breathed out a heavy sigh of relief. “Close one,” he said.
Haven eased forward and saw that they were sitting at the rounded peak of a long, low dune that ran all the way down to the dirt road next to the building. The structure itself was enormous, a collection of warehouses that had been roofed together to create a single Frankenstein compound. Black smoke belched from exhaust towers that stuck up from the uneven roof in all four corners of the palatial fortress.
Armed guards stood watch at each entrance point. Bright halogen lamps illuminated every square inch of the compound, turning night into day. More trucks lumbered around the side of the building, some carrying large crates spray-painted with words like DANGER and POISON. Others carried huge tanks filled with sloshing liquid. Doors opened and closed all over the complex, admitting trucks and armed guards.
From where Haven was sitting, the whole operation looked like a living, breathing organism.
“Hmm,” said Bastian thoughtfully. “Might be a bit harder than I originally thought.”
Marius looked at him with a scowl.
“Alistair is in there somewhere?” asked Haven.
“Him, or someone who knows where he is,” said Bastian.
“What if he isn’t? You said this place could lead us to the cure.”
Roku turned around. “Are we going to sit here all night talking?”
Bastian smiled. “I’d like to hear how you plan on getting inside the building. If you think we’re wasting our time—” Roku stood up and walked toward the complex before Bastian could finish. “Hey!” Bastian whispered sharply. “Hey!”
But Roku ignored him. He crouched low as he walked quickly down the dune toward the building.
“What do we do?!” asked Haven.
“We go,” said Marius. He stood and followed after Roku.
“Guess that settles it,” said Bastian. He left Haven alone at the top of the dune and went after Marius.
She sat there for a moment, sputtering to form a sentence that would bring them all back. Eventually she could only mumble, “A plan would have been nice,” and ran quickly after the others.
There were no guards on top of the building, and no alarms were raised as they approached the dirt road. Roku picked a large boulder some yards away and moved toward it with surprising speed. He crouched low behind it and gestured for the others to follow.
The section of wall closest to them was not quite as busy as the rest of the perimeter, but there were still a fair amount of trucks entering and leaving the doors nearby. The two armed guards at each entrance checked the trucks before they drove into the building.
“Well?!” said Bastian, turning to Roku. “What’s your big plan, genius?”
Roku did not answer. The group sat waiting, still as stones, as truck after truck passed by on the other side of the boulder. Haven saw one coming that carried six large, square plastic containers on the back bed. The bright lights from the building on the other side of the opaque containers would have silhouetted their contents, but the containers were empty. The driver was alone in the cab.
“That one,” she said in a whisper, pointing at the truck.
Roku nodded. When the truck slowly drove past the boulder, he stepped right up to the driver’s door, shielded from the warehouse guards’ view by the truck itself. He quickly opened the door as the truck lurched to a stop and put his hand over the driver’s throat before he could call for help.
“You know what I am,” said Roku.
The driver nodded, fighting for breath as Roku squeezed harder on his throat. He wore a beige jacket and a small green hat that lay tilted haphazardly from his struggle against Roku’s grip. The driver’s eyes blackened.
“Then you know what I can do. You will help us, or you will die.”
The driver did not need to be convinced. He nodded vigorously and when Roku released him, he choked out the words, “The tanks. Get into the tanks.”
“They will check them,” said Marius, who stood next to Roku.
“Only the manifest,” said the driver, pointing to a book on his dashboard. “No physical inspections of unused containers.”
Each container was shaped like a squat, square jar with a single screw cap on top. Bastian and Marius went to the first three behind the driver’s side and carefully turned them over so the screw caps faced outward. Haven stood close to Roku, watching the guards next to the building. The two standing by the nearest door were shouting with one of the drivers about the contents of his truck and had yet to notice the stalled vehicle out by the big boulder.
“What about you?” asked the driver.
Roku smiled at him. “I ride with you,” he said. “Give me your hat.”
The driver pulled off his small green cap and handed it over.
“Your jacket, too.”
Roku forced the driver to stand outside while he crawled into the cab. The whole ordeal would have been a lot easier if he could have walked around to the other side of the truck and use the passenger door, but that side was fully exposed to the warehouse guards.
Roku grunted as he scooted over the center console and sat low in the passenger’s seat. The driver plopped down next to him, sweating profusely.
“It will never work,” he said. “There are too many guards.”
“It’s working so far,” said Haven. She smiled at Roku, hoping it would give him courage, if he needed any. She closed the driver’s door and walked to the back of the truck. Marius was wiggling through the hole of one of the containers, his thick legs kicking wildly as he struggled to pull himself all the way in.
“He’s stuck on his belly,” said Bastian, not bothering to hide his amusement.
Marius’s protruding stomach had in fact proven to be something of a stopper as he entered the container. He spoke violent Russian from within the tank and sounded like he was inside a fishbowl. Haven guessed he was cursing Bastian for the slap on the rear he had just given Marius as he squirmed.
“Grab a leg,” said Bastian. He took hold of Marius’s right leg and Haven grabbed the left. They did a silent count of three and then pushed as hard as they could. With a hollow phonk, Marius popped into the tank and landed on the bottom. He groaned and rolled over onto his back.
Bastian picked up the screw cap lid and twisted it into place. “Have to hurry,” he said. “Our air won’t last long.”
He laced his fingers together and boosted Haven up into the next container. She slid in far more gracefully than Marius, easily clearing the sides of the hole. Bastian’s face appeared at the opening.
“All set?” he asked. Haven nodded and he threaded the cap and gave it a light slap to let her know he was done.
The empty tank next to hers shifted slightly, and she heard Bastian drop down inside. Somehow he had managed to keep one hand out of the tank and hold on to the lid, because a second later she heard it spinning into place.
The truck lurched into gear and they were moving.
The only thing Haven could see was the occasional passing light. It was like looking at the sun through a thick white blanket. She kept waiting for the truck to stop but it didn’t. They had been driving for too long, far too long, when it suddenly halted and she slid to the front of the container and bumped lightly against the plastic wall. She lay as flat as possible, knowing that if any bright lights were shone directly onto her tank, anyone standing on the other side would easily see her silhouette.
Men were talking. One was the driver, speaking quickly in clipped sentences. Haven thought he sounded too nervous and for a moment she was afraid it would be enough to tip off the guards. Maybe that was just the way he spoke, though, when he didn’t have a hand on his throat. Another man asked him questions. His voice was muffled and Haven couldn’t make out the words.
Suddenly there was a knock on her tank and she almost screamed. She saw a dark blur walk past her container and hit the next one down the line.
The driver spoke calmly, pleadingly, and his tone suggested he just wanted to finish his shift so he could go home and relax. The dark blur came back to stand in front of Haven’s container and slapped it roughly three more times. The driver asked if everything was okay and Haven held her breath, waiting for a reply. When it finally came, she heard the guard very clearly: “Someone’s in here.”



23

Dormer picked up the papers from the rickety wooden table in the center of the room and rolled them together. He slipped the roll into an inside coat pocket and smiled at Colton.
“Hungry?” he asked.
Colton’s stomach growled at the prospect of a hot meal. It felt like he hadn’t eaten in days, yet food had been the last thing on his mind at that moment. All he could think about was Adsen’s unceremonious departure and the door clanging shut behind him.
“There’s nothing to be done at the moment,” said Dormer. “So we might as well keep our strength up.”
“You still have your ability,” said Colton suddenly.
“That’s right, and I’d like to keep it a secret. For now.”
“Does Adsen still have his?”
“Why should he?”
“Because he’s your brother.”
“Even if he was not infected with Fade, he wouldn’t be able to do much, if anything. They completely fried him at the medical facility. I doubt Adsen could harm anyone at this point.” He opened the door. “Coming?”
Colton didn’t move. He was dumbfounded. “Why don’t you fight back? You’re probably the only one here who still has his ability.” His voice was rising but he couldn’t stop it. “Why is everyone suffering if you could—”
“Colton,” said Dormer, interrupting his growing hysteria. “The soldiers are never gathered together at the same time, and neither are we. I could take out a few, or even most, but the rest would have plenty of chances to react and start shooting. And then there’s Kamiko. In a straight-up fight, she would kill me.”
“You don’t know that for sure.”
“I do. I feel it. I’m more sure of that fact than anything else in the world. Which is why we need to wait a little while longer for the perfect moment to strike.”
“You’re afraid?”
“I’m clever. If it made sense to throw my life away for the rest of you, the choice would be easy. But it serves no purpose in our current situation.”
“When do we strike?” asked Colton.
“We’ll recognize the opportunity when we see it.” He gestured to the door and Colton reluctantly stepped out into the hallway.
The kitchen was just down the hall. Colton’s stomach growled again as he approached the doorway. Delicious aromas wafted out into the hallway: spiced meat and vegetables, and something sweet in the mix. Cake? Was someone making cake? The very idea of baked pastries in a hostage situation struck Colton as strange.
Micah was standing on his tiptoes in front of the stove across the room when Colton entered, stirring the contents of a large pot with a wooden spoon. The boy wore an apron that was much too large for his small frame. The bottom of it lay piled over his sneakers like a dropped tablecloth, and the top half hung so low around his neck that it only protected his pants. His shirt was covered with splotches of food. He turned and smiled at Colton.
On a long countertop immediately to the doorway’s right, Noah stood with a big kitchen knife in hand, sloppily chopping up a giant head of lettuce. He smiled, too, when he looked up and saw Colton and Dormer.
“Hi,” he said brightly.
“Hello,” said Colton. Noah seemed to think it was a great reply and went back to chopping.
A timer beeped off to his left and Colton turned as a slender black woman opened an oven door, only to be greeted by a billowing cloud of smoke. It roiled out and engulfed her faster than she could get a hand up to waft it away. She coughed and reached into the oven with a mitted hand and retrieved a large, circular tray atop which sat something that Colton assumed was supposed to be cake.
He hurried over and closed the oven door as she turned away to set down the tray.
“Oh, thank you!” she said, still waving away the cloud of smoke. Her voice was laced with a very faint French accent. “I guess I set the timer too long.”
“It’s calibrated wrong,” said Colton. “Best to set it ten minutes under and check it manually until it’s done.”
The woman set down the tray and pulled the oven mitt off her hand. She stood with one hand on her hip and blew a strand of loose hair away from her eyes. “Wish I would have known that before making dessert,” she said without a hint of frustration. She was perhaps thirty-five, although her time spent at the medical facility had apparently added a few years to her dark, pretty features. Her brown, curly hair was pulled back in a tight ponytail and she reached up to tuck an errant strand back in place, then offered Colton her hand.
“I’m June,” she said.
They shook hands. “I’m Colton. We met when you first arrived from the medical facility.”
Her good humor faded slightly. She dropped his hand and picked up the cake tray. “I don’t remember much about those days, I’m afraid. To tell you the truth, I’m just now starting to figure out where I am. When I first got here, was I—” She paused, searching for the words. “Was I in bad shape?”
“About the same as the others,” said Colton. “A little more awake, I think.”
“You’ve probably told me this before, but how many of us were there?”
“Twenty-eight originally. Most of them left when they recovered enough to remember who they were and where they came from.” He looked over at Dormer, who had joined Micah at the stove and was talking the boy into letting him sample what was in the pot. “Now there’s just you and a few others.”
She walked the cake tray over to the island in the middle of the room and set it down next to a container of homemade icing.
“I imagine one of them told Alistair where to find this place.”
“I think that’s what happened, too.”
She unscrewed the lid of the container and stuck a butter knife into the icing, then glopped some out onto the slab of cake.
“Shouldn’t you wait until that cools?” asked Colton.
She spread the icing around. “It burns me up that you nice folks did what you did and one of the survivors went and tattled.” She was spreading the icing too roughly and small chunks of the cake broke off and crumbled. “It burns me right up, and I can’t do a thing about it.” June suddenly dropped the knife next to the cake and turned away with her wrist to her nose, stifling a cry. Colton noticed faint black veins covering her forearms. “It was just out of the frying pan and into the fryer for me and the other survivors, wasn’t it?” She wiped her nose and stared at the wall. “I was a chef—well, I am a chef, I guess. Owned my own place on Bourbon Street. That’s all gone now. They set fire to it when they took me.” She shook her head, remembering. “The other ones who came with me from the medical facility, they just want to stay in their rooms and keep their heads down. They think it will all blow over.” June wiped some of the tears from her cheek and looked at her hands, then down at the cake. “I just felt like being normal again, is all. I haven’t cooked since before I was taken.”
Colton tried to find the right words to say, and then he realized there were none.
June turned to him, smiling through teary eyes, and wiped her hands on her shirt. “But we’re going to make the most of it, aren’t we, Colton? Cake for everyone.” She picked up the loose crumbles and pushed them back into the cake, then gently coated them with icing so they would stick.
“Cake for everyone,” he agreed.
Micah trotted over from the stove, carefully keeping his wooden spoon and its contents from spilling. He stood next to June and offered it up to her timidly. She sipped from the ladled end and chewed on it for a minute, Micah watching her the whole time as if his life depended on it.
“C’est magnifique,” she said finally. “Micah, it’s perfect. You have made the best soup in the entire world.”
His face lit up as he hurried back to the stove and turned off the burners. He hoisted the pot aside—with a little help from Dormer—and fanned the soup with an oven mitt, still smiling at his accomplishment.
June sighed. “So what’s next?”
“What do you mean?” asked Colton.
“You know what I mean. Don’t you go planning anything without me, you hear? I’m awake now, and I won’t sit around while those soldiers and that woman march all over the people that saved me from that horrible place.”
Colton thought about telling June that they were never going to plan anything. Maybe then she could stay out of harm’s way. Yet he knew the look in her eyes—it was the same look in Haven’s when she was determined to do something, and good luck to anyone who tried to stop her.
“You’ll be the first one to know,” he said. “I promise.”
June nodded and went back to icing the cake. Colton watched her, admiring her calm beauty. The black, poisoned veins on her forearms faded away as they passed her elbows, but Colton knew they would soon reach all the way up to her shoulders and onto her back.
He had looked at himself in the mirror that morning, peeling off his shirt and gently touching the skin over his ribs. It looked as if someone had taken a pen and sketched out the veins under his skin in dark, bold strokes. They spread like spiderwebs over his back, and soon the veins would cover his entire torso.
The sound of marching boots snapped Colton back to reality. Micah and Noah went to June and she pushed them behind her as five soldiers stomped to a halt in the hallway. Kamiko walked through the middle of them, forcing them aside without a touch. Her eyes were lit up and raged like burning wildfire. She seemed angrier than Colton had ever seen her.
She looked right at him.
“Come with me,” she said. “Now.”
Colton thought about resisting, then looked around the kitchen. Micah and Noah huddled behind June, who stood with her head up and glared directly at Kamiko. Dormer stood by the stove, watching the soldiers, his fists slowly pumping open and closed. Each soldier had a rifle aimed at someone in the kitchen. June and the others would be slaughtered easily if Colton or Dormer put up any kind of a fight.
Colton slowly walked toward Kamiko with his hands up. “I’ll go,” he said.
She grabbed his hair and yanked him out into the hallway. The sudden violence startled him. He yelled and tried to pull her hand away. Lightning crackled from her other palm as she slapped Colton’s face and pushed him to the ground.
“Hey!” shouted Dormer from the kitchen. The rapid clak-CHIK of five rounds feeding into five separate rifle chambers silenced the room.
Colton stood up, rubbing his stung cheek. Kamiko brushed past him and barked an order at the soldiers, who were suddenly on either side of Colton, dragging him out to the main dome room.



24

The truck was moving again, but something was wrong. Haven lay flat as she could on her back in one of the large plastic containers. The dark shapes of men with guns blurred past her outside the truck. Marius and Bastian, each in their own container to either side of her, remained silent.
The driver downshifted and the truck slowed. For a terrifying moment, Haven thought he was driving away from the building. At any second she expected a hail of bullets to rip through the sides of her plastic container, turning her into Swiss cheese. The constant bright light outside her container suddenly dimmed as if a giant curtain had been lowered over the world.
The truck was going into the building. Had the driver somehow managed to talk the guard into letting them pass? Even as the truck came to a stop, Haven knew her hope was foolish. She could hear the guard outside, yelling at the driver. Several more dark shapes approached the truck.
Then she heard Roku speaking, loudly, as if he were standing right outside the containers. He berated the guards for their carelessness and pretended he was doing an inspection of the security around the facility. He had found a particular lack of due diligence in this sector and he held the guards in front of him personally responsible.
There was a hushed murmur as the guards spoke amongst themselves, and then a gun went off.
Haven saw a bright orange crack of muzzle-flash through the opaque plastic wall and her vision turned blue. A guard was stupid enough to spin the cap off her container at that exact moment and got a face full of flame. He screamed and dropped his gun, then stumbled backward and fell motionless to the ground.
Haven let another blast of blue fire turret through the container opening. It shot out through the hole like the fire from a rocket booster, and when it dissipated, she was standing there, fists clenched, wings outstretched behind her back like a burning angel.
The truck driver opened his door and ran out of the building without looking back. Haven and the others were in a small storage room that was sealed off from the rest of the complex. Crates and empty plastic containers were stacked all around the room. There were six guards in a semi-circle around the truck, and three of them dropped their guns when they saw Haven. Roku lay on the ground next to the truck, holding his bleeding side and breathing shallowly. Behind Haven, the caps of two more containers spun off and fell to the ground. Bastian hopped lightly from the opening and in an instant his entire body was alight with pale yellow flame.
The three guards who had managed to keep their guns in hand raised them and fired. Three loud cracks rang out but were silenced by blue and yellow fire. The searing flames from Bastian and Haven consumed the bullets in midair and turned them to ash. A faint smell of gunpowder wafted over Haven as she stood with her feet in a wide stance and let her fire out into the world.
It was a terrible thing.
The deep well of emotion inside of her had finally found an outlet, and the flames gushed forth from her clenched fists, overtaking and extinguishing Bastian’s yellow fire. He stood back as her skin erupted again and again with the blue flame, each small explosion expanding and pushing the enveloping flame farther and farther from her body.
She couldn’t hear her own screams, and was aware that the fire also streamed from her eyes and her open mouth, joining a few feet in front of her to form a solid beam of plasma. Someone grabbed her ankle, and deep inside her mind, amidst the chaos that came from the memories of two murdered parents and the destruction of everything she once thought of as “normal”, Haven heard a voice calling to her. It was the voice of a woman she had never heard, but it was comforting in its earnest plea.
“It’s okay to be angry,” said the soft voice, so full of understanding…and something else. Pain? Regret? “Be still, my child. Be still, and the deep waters of your torment will calm. Find your peace, and save your fight for another day…”
The voice trailed off within Haven’s mind, and with it the blue energy that enveloped her body. The fire died from her eyes and mouth, her wings receded into her back, and she collapsed to the ground, fighting for breath. Sweat beaded from her entire body; her shirt was soaked. The concrete floor smoked beneath her and part of it had melted to form two depressions where her feet had been planted.
Roku let go of her ankle and rested his head on the ground. He pressed his other hand to the gunshot wound in his side. His face was grey from the loss of blood.
“Thank you,” whispered Haven. In that instant she knew that Roku had pushed one of his memories into her mind, just as he had done when he and Bastian were trying to convince her to join them in the hunt for Alistair. She had a brief glimpse of flames, of a house consumed by fire, and of a woman kneeling before Roku, trying to comfort him in his rage.
Bastian stood looking down at Haven, frowning. He helped her to her feet, then knelt down next to Roku.
Marius appeared at Haven’s side and put one hand gently on her shoulder. “Are you alright?” he asked. He sounded like she had just been in a huge accident and he didn’t quite know what to say.
“I’m fine.” She avoided his eye contact and stared down at her feet.
“Marius feels terrible, not being able to help. Maybe without the Fade, you would not have to do so much on your own. Look at me, Haven. Look.”
She turned and looked.
“Marius has never seen a stronger girl—er, woman, than he sees with you. You are capable of so much more, but you have to be careful. It is hard. Marius knows it is hard. But this thing is not just about you. It is about Corva, and Colton, and Noah and Micah and all the others still stuck in the Dome with that Kamikaze woman.”
“Kamiko,” said Haven, and smiled despite her anger.
“Yes, that one. What a name,” said Marius, shaking his head. “The other thing is, if you burn yourself out too quickly, we don’t stand a chance.”
“I understand,” she said. And she did. Haven knew what was at stake and how much everyone in the Dome was depending on her and the others to come back with a cure. The anger that had seeped from her during her rampage had been unknown to her until the moment it flared up and exploded into the world.
She looked at where the guards had been standing and for the first time noticed that all six of them were gone.
“Where’d they go?” she asked.
Bastian ignored her. He took a bottle out of an inner coat pocket and popped the cap, then poured clear liquid over the bullet hole in Roku’s side. The liquid fizzed when it hit his blood and Roku winced in pain.
Haven looked at Marius, but he said nothing. Then she noticed the burn marks on the floor: six pairs of two oval black marks, each one just long enough to match the soles of six pairs of boots. But the boots and the soldiers that had been wearing them were gone.
She put her hands to her mouth, unable to utter a word. Her fingers fluttered over her lips and she smelled fire. She shoved her hands into her pockets with disgust and turned away.
Bastian leaned Roku against a wheel of the truck and inspected his wound.
“Can he heal himself?” asked Marius.
“No,” said Bastian. “We need another Conduit, or some good old-fashioned surgeon’s tools. The bullet is still in there.”
“Here,” said Marius. He produced a butterfly knife from a hidden pocket and tossed it to Bastian. “We don’t have much time.”
Bastian opened the knife with ease and a second later was sterilizing it with yellow flame on the tip of his index finger. Roku grit his teeth in anticipation but lifted his shirt to reveal his wound. Bastian knelt down and, after a nod from Roku, stuck the red-hot blade into the bullet hole. Roku choked back a scream and his skin sizzled as the blade worked its way to the bullet. With a quick flick of the knife, the bullet was out and on the ground in a small pool of Roku’s blood.
Roku collapsed and closed his eyes, breathing deeply.
Bastian stood and tossed the knife back to Marius. “Thanks. He’ll have to work out the rest on his own.” He looked at Haven and the malice in his gaze was clear.
“It’s not my fault he got shot,” she said, far more defensively than she meant. “What’s wrong with you, Bastian?”
Marius grunted. “He is jealous of your ability. His fire was nothing once you really got going.”
“I’m not jealous,” said Bastian. He sounded like he was telling the truth. “I’m angry that it took us so long to cross paths. We could have avoided most of the pain and misery and death that we’ve endured over the years if only you had been there to help us. I’ve never seen anything like it.” He shook his head. “I just don’t understand. What took you long to join the fight? So many people would have been saved.”
“She only found her ability last year,” said Marius. “You remember what that was like? How difficult it was to find where you truly belonged?”
Haven thought about it for a long time, wanting to hate Bastian for blaming her for things she could not control. She didn’t feel as if she had put off any responsibility. She felt like she had done her duty during her time at the Dome, just as she had promised Elena: to watch over her people and keep them safe, not venture out into the world to hunt down a madman that no one could find and that Haven thought was dead to begin with.
Another part of her, however, knew that she could have been doing more. She had heard stories of others in suffering; people like her who did not quite know where to turn. Yet she had been content—no, she had been happy—to live quietly at the Dome with Noah and Colton, and wait for the evil to find her.
Well, it found her, and it hadn’t just been taking it easy while it searched. It had been about its business, murdering others and causing the kind of pain from which a person never recovered. It tore apart homes and families and left its victims bleeding in the streets.
But Haven had been safe; she had managed to stay outside all of that.
Until now.
“I guess I had to save myself first,” she admitted at last, repulsed and relieved at her confession. “I had to make sure that Noah would have as normal a life as I could offer. It wasn’t just me who lost everything when our house burned down. It was him, too.”
“I just wish we would have had you sooner,” said Bastian. He turned back to Roku and helped him to his feet. Color was already returning to his face and he had stopped sweating. Roku gave his arm a test-swivel in its socket and winced at the pain in his side, but then he nodded to let them know he was ready.
“Right, then,” said Bastian, rubbing his hands together. His good humor had returned almost instantly. “Now that we’ve kissed and made up, any suggestions on what we do next?”
Haven looked at him blankly. “I thought you guys had a plan.”
Bastian and Roku exchanged glances.
“Well,” he said, scratching the back of his neck, “to tell you the truth, we never really thought we’d get past the doors.” He laughed, but clammed up when he saw no one else thought it was funny. He cleared his throat. “Right. We think they manufacture Fade somewhere in here, and we know that Alistair spends a great deal of his time overseeing the operations. If we can find a head office or an info kiosk that we could access—”
“Info kiosk?!” bellowed Marius. “This is not downtown mall! We find guard, we squeeze guard, guard talks. Good enough for Marius, good enough for you. Let’s go!” He walked off toward the back of the room before anyone could stop him. “Help look for door!” he shouted, his voice already far away.
“I don’t think he likes me,” said Bastian.
“I think you have other things to worry about right now,” said Haven, then walked away to find a path into the vast complex.



25

Colton thought they were dragging him out to be executed. Two soldiers had death-grips on his arms and were carrying him backward out of the hallway that led away from the dormitories and into the dome room. His heels scraped lightly on the floor and his arms burned where the soldiers crushed his biceps. Three more soldiers walked behind him, rifles held ready for any trouble. Kamiko walked farther back, eyes smoldering with intense blue plasma, like small stars set into her skull.
The soldiers turned right out of the hallway entrance and followed the dome room wall until they reached the door to the water processing room. Without a word, they dumped Colton on the floor, then stood back, leaving a clear path for Kamiko.
The ground crackled with electricity as she floated over to him, her feet hovering inches above the concrete. The ends of her black hair lifted away from her body and swayed like drunken snakes around her head.
“The Doctor is not cooperating,” hissed Kamiko. She reached down and grabbed Colton’s jaw, then drew him close. “For every hour he wastes, I will kill a hostage.” She watched his face to gauge his reaction. It took everything he had to show none. “Starting with the boys.”
Colton could barely control the twitch in his arms, the impulse to reach out for her and clap his palms to her temples—to drain the life from her so no one else would ever be hurt again. But he had no ability. His power was gone.
Kamiko saw the look of hopelessness in his eyes and smirked. She pushed his face away and he fell against the door.
“Convince him it is in everyone’s best interest for him to proceed with his work.”
“You don’t have to do this,” said Colton suddenly.
Kamiko hissed again, an animal sound that was a vicious complement to her bared teeth. The dark blue flames in her eyes dimmed momentarily, just long enough for Colton to see the eyes of a human—a real person. He thought he caught a flash of doubt.
Then the flames returned, more intense than ever, and the human was gone. “You have ten hours,” she said. “Get me what I want, or everyone dies.”
She walked away without looking back. Three of the soldiers followed her across the dome room toward the Grove. Two stayed behind to guard the door to the water processing room. Colton waited to see if they would try to hurt him, but they simply stood like statues on either side of the door, looking out into the middle of the room.
Colton touched his jaw where Kamiko had grabbed him and felt the warmth from her palm, still glowing on his skin as if he had stood too close to a heat lamp. After she disappeared into the Grove with the three soldiers, Colton pushed open the door to the water processing room.
Adsen was off to one side, eyes closed, sitting on a wooden barstool with his head leaned against one of the metal water tanks. The tanks stood vertically around the room, lining the walls like pillars, connected by pipes and humming equipment that purified the drinking water and fed it out to the Dome.
The center of the room had been turned into a science lab, with all kinds of brand new equipment set up on shiny aluminum tables. The only piece of equipment Colton halfway recognized was something that looked like a chemistry set he used in one of his high school classes. Empty beakers and vials sat glistening in wireframe holders over new Bunsen burners. Sealed gallon jugs of various chemicals were lined up beneath the tables, most of them labeled with large skull-and-crossbones.
It looked like a mad-scientist’s play-set.
“I heard everything,” said Adsen, his voice croaking. He opened his eyes to look at Colton. “She’s an evil woman, isn’t she?”
“She’ll do it,” said Colton. “She will kill everyone in here.”
“Don’t I know it,” said Adsen. “If she runs with Alistair, she would have to constantly prove she wasn’t too weak for the job.”
Colton picked up an empty vial and held it to the light. “What does she want you to do?”
Adsen sighed. “She wants me to perfect death.”
“By increasing the lethality of Fade?”
“Precisely.” Adsen scratched at his beard. With his receding hairline and sharp widow’s peak, he looked like a version of his brother that had been shipwrecked on a deserted island for ten years and finally rescued, just without the suntan. Adsen’s skin was sickly pale, as if he were suffering from a bad case of the flu.
“Why do they want to make it deadlier? I would think it’s bad enough already.”
Adsen smiled weakly. “It’s never bad enough for someone like Alistair. Tell me, if you were planning on taking over the world, wouldn’t it be easier to eliminate your adversaries before they knew you were a threat? I imagine it bothers him that a small percentage of our population is immune to the current version of Fade. He wants to rule out any margin for error.”
Colton set down the vial. “What do you mean, ‘take over the world’? There’s no way Alistair is powerful enough for that.”
“He is if there are no more people like us. If he wipes out all of us quietly, in a way that would never alert anyone, all he has to do is simply step out of the shadows and declare himself King.”
“People would fight back. Regular people, I mean.”
Adsen shook his head. “Alistair could burn entire cities to the ground if he wished. The only threat to his power is his own kind.”
“And he’s going to kill all of us.” Colton couldn’t believe it. The diabolical, world-ending schemes of madmen belonged in comic books and the Saturday night made-for-TV movies that Colton used to watch with his father. He remembered shouting gleefully at every idiotic move the characters made.
This was the real world—a world where one man was not supposed to be able to take absolute power.
“It would be better for all of us to die in here,” said Adsen, “than for Alistair to finish Fade. It’s a hard reality to face, Colton, but it is the only one that assures the survival of the human race. And ours.”
Colton sat heavily on a nearby chair, his face slack with disbelief. “There must be someone who can stop him.”
Adsen shook his head. “There was a Nova, once, long ago. The strongest of our people. He disappeared, gone to the place where beings of pure energy go when their time on this planet is finished. If anyone could have stopped Alistair, it was he. Now we are alone. Now we are finished.”
Colton slammed his fist down on the table next to him and glass rattled loudly. “We are not finished.” He stood and walked over to Adsen, who backed away slightly as if Colton might strike him. Colton spoke quietly so the soldiers outside couldn’t hear. “You and Dormer tracked the soldiers’ movements. You know where they will be and when. If I can somehow get all of the survivors into one place during that window, we might be able to thin their numbers. You could buy us some time until we’re ready.” He waited for Adsen to reply, but only a small groan escaped his lips. Colton reached out and shook him. “Think! Is it possible?”
“Y—yes,” said Adsen, pushing Colton away. “Yes, it’s possible. But I would still have to give Kamiko real data in order to stall her. She would know if I was lying. They always know. It wouldn’t do any good.”
“You sitting here doesn’t do any good.” Colton lowered his voice even more and took a step closer to Adsen. “They’re going to start shooting my friends in less than an hour unless you get to work.”
“I don’t want anyone else to die because of me. Do you understand what I’m saying, Colton? I would have to truly work on Fade for your plan to succeed. That means I would have to increase its lethality to one-hundred percent. No one would be safe. I—I can’t do it.”
Colton’s fists shook with rage. He wanted to strangle Adsen, but instead he smacked a beaker from the table. It flew across the room and shattered against the wall. Shards of glass tinkled to the floor.
Colton stood next to the table and tried to slow his breathing. Adsen looked at the spot on the wall where the beaker had shattered. Suddenly his eyes cleared and he sat up straight. A blanket had been lifted from his sour face and he smiled with an obvious glint of mischief.
“I could do that,” he said.
“Do what?”
“I could give them progress. I’ll keep them jumping through hoops like dogs, all the way until the very end, just long enough for your plan to work. No one from the Dome will die, Colton, I promise you that.” He was on his feet, one clenched fist held victoriously over his head. “I will atone for my dark work!” His wild eyes searched the room, seeing the lab equipment as if for the first time. He went to it eagerly and picked up jugs of chemicals, reading the labels and muttering rapidly to himself.
Colton took a hesitant step toward the table. “Adsen, what do you mean, ‘dark work’?”
Adsen ignored him. He filled two beakers with green liquid and set them atop Bunsen burners.
Something clicked in Colton’s head, and the answer was right there, waiting for him to reach out and grab it. “You created Fade,” he said.
Adsen stopped suddenly. He breathed in quick, rapid gasps, as if he were a rabbit frozen stiff by a hunter’s flashlight. “I had to,” he whispered. “The things they did to me…the things they did to the others…”
He turned to Colton for sympathy, but found none.
“You have to understand what it was like,” said Adsen, pleading for understanding. “Endless hours of torture. It would only stop if I agreed to help them. They already had the base form of the virus, but they couldn’t make it infect our clear cells. It withered and died in the bloodstream before it became lethal.”
“And you helped them right along, didn’t you?” said Colton. The disgust and accusation in his voice was crystal clear. “You went ahead and showed them where they went wrong, was that it?”
“It wasn’t like that at all,” said Adsen. His hands were shaking at his sides. “I just wanted the pain to stop. It was the only way.”
“Was that before or after you killed the first boy? The first Nova they brought to the lab?”
“I didn’t kill anyone,” whispered Adsen. He turned away and heavy tears rolled down his cheeks. “I never killed anyone. You tell yourself things—things about the type of person you hope you really are. I always told myself I was a man who would die before he let anything bad happen to other people.” His jaw quivered as he fought back a sob. “I was wrong. I would have done anything to stop the pain. So I helped them. Yes, I helped them progress to what I thought was the final stage. But then I stopped before the end. I realized the virus was not quite complete and I refused to go forward. That has to count for something, doesn’t it?” He looked at Colton hopefully, then his expression dropped. “No. No, I suppose not.”
Colton’s throat was dry as a desert. He looked away from Adsen and wanted to be anywhere else in the world but in that room.
“But now I will atone,” said Adsen. “I will go forward with my work, this time so others can be saved. You will stop me before I finish, won’t you, Colton? You will save all of us.”
Colton looked at him. Adsen stared into his eyes with a mix of hope and madness, and Colton’s rage was replaced with pity. He saw a broken man who had been forced to make terrible decisions—the same kind Colton may have made if their roles were reversed.
“Just stop me before the end,” said Adsen. “I’ll let you know when the time comes.”
Colton sat on the stool and leaned back against one of the water tanks. Adsen soon forgot he was there and puttered about the room, humming to himself and working quickly. Colton closed his eyes and thought of Haven. He tried to feel her presence in the world—tried to call out and tell her everything was going to be alright in the end.
Perhaps if he had truly believed it himself, it would have worked.



26

Haven picked her way through the storage room, stepping around discarded plastic containers and piles of equipment covered in sheets of green canvas. The truck driver had taken them to some lesser-used section of the huge complex, a place where unused junk was discarded and forgotten. She wasn’t having any luck finding a door that led to the adjacent rooms.
“Pssst!” whispered Bastian loudly. “Over here, all of ye!”
He pointed to a door set into the back wall, hidden behind a stack of heavy wooden crates. A foggy light sticking out from the wall dimly illuminated the doorframe.
Bastian pointed to it triumphantly as Marius and Roku gathered around.
“Who wants to go first?” he asked. “Draw straws?”
Haven pushed past him and twisted the doorknob. It turned easily in her hand and she opened the door an inch so she could peek into the next room. There were no guards in sight, but there was a man a few yards away in a long, white lab coat standing with a clipboard, leaning back and looking up at the ceiling. He pointed up repeatedly, as if he were counting items on the ceiling high above. The man in the lab coat shook his head in disapproval and made a note on his clipboard, then walked out of sight.
Haven inched the door open and stepped into the shadows against the wall of the next room.
The space was enormous. Packaging machines lined both sides of a long corridor that ran for several hundred yards through the middle of the room. Thick pipes descended from the ceiling far above and connected with the machines. Haven couldn’t see the wall on the other side of the massive warehouse through the maze of pipes and machinery.
She realized this room was the heart of the complex. When she had stood on the dune outside, looking down at the massive building, this giant room took up the majority of the compound, right at its center. Other rooms like the storage unit her ragtag group had stumbled into were smaller satellite rooms, connected to the main warehouse around its edges.
Roku, Bastian, and Marius shuffled into the room behind her and the door closed. Marius reached back and tried the handle—locked. They crept along the wall and found shelter behind a large piece of machinery. Haven squeezed into the space between the machine and the wall and kept going until she had a clear view of the room between a gap in the machine parts. The others followed her in. Marius had to suck in his gut and scoot in sideways in order to fit.
The machine was warm. Large tubes ran through it and up to the ceiling, where they joined a dozen other pipelines that burrowed into the wall and out of sight. Liquid sloshed from somewhere within the machine, as if a giant spoon were pushing water in a giant bowl back and forth.
The floor of the entire room was a maze of machinery. Huge tubs of empty syringes sat next to bottling machines, but instead of pumping soda into empty glass containers, the machines pumped Fade into metal syringe canisters.
Another machine spat out small flying drones—little metal spheres with an orange light strip and a hole in the side, just the right size for a syringe filled with Fade. In the background of all that, Haven saw racks and racks of filled syringes, their needles glinting brightly in the strong light from the halogen lamps on the ceiling high above.
Around all of those machines flowed the tubes. They plunged into the room from the ceiling and ran straight down to the floor, as if they were supports for the building itself. The tubes fed into the machines that filled the syringes—a mass-murder delivery system, direct from the manufacturer. Wherever those tubes ended after they left the room, Haven bet she would find the holding tanks that contained the main supply of Fade.
Haven ducked when she heard approaching footsteps, expecting to see the man in the white lab coat—but it wasn’t him. It was a woman wearing the same kind of coat, with the same kind of clipboard. Marius looked at her and frowned.
“Not her,” he said.
Bastian was just opening his mouth in protest when the first man returned to talk to the woman. Bastian relaxed and pointed. “How about him?”
Marius nodded. “They have info kiosk after all.”
“Are you sure?” whispered Haven.
“He will talk. Marius knows.”
The man in the white lab coat was showing the woman exactly what he had seen on the ceiling that made him shake his head in disappointment, and she joined him in his disapproval. After a few more words, she hurried quickly away, and the man watched her rear as she went, smiling faintly to himself.
“Hey,” said Haven from the shadows, just loud enough for him to hear.
He looked around, confused, squinting into the darkness behind the machine. Haven walked to the far edge and stood against the wall. “Help me!” she said urgently. She did her best to look terrified, shooting quick glances all around like she didn’t know where she was.
The sly grin returned to the man’s face and he walked toward her slowly, first checking to make sure no one else was watching.
“What are you doing back there?” he asked.
As he came closer, Haven noticed several deep scars on his face. She thought it may have been a car crash or some kind of industrial accident. One of his ears was lower than the other and the skin of one cheek was pulled back toward it. For a moment Haven felt guilty about taking advantage of him, because she saw the loneliness in his eyes when he spoke to her. Then he reached out his hand and she remembered where he worked and what he did for a living, and her sympathy drifted away.
“Please,” she said. “I don’t know where I am.”
“It’s alright,” said the man in the lab coat. “I’ll take care of you.”
A shadow moved behind him and grabbed his throat before he could cry out. His eyes bulged in their sockets as Roku dragged him over to the wall with one hand and slammed him against a machine. The man gurgled loudly and clawed at Roku’s hand, to no effect.
“Where’s Alistair?” asked Haven, standing close enough to see the sweat begin to bead on the man’s forehead. He opened his mouth and choked out a garbled word. “I didn’t quite catch that,” she said.
Roku loosened his grip slightly and the man spat out, “He’s not here. He left yesterday.” Roku’s eyes searched the man’s face for a moment, then his fingers tightened around his throat and squeezed. The man’s eyes turned black and the color drained from his face.
“Please,” he managed to spit out. “Please…”
Roku released him and the man slumped to the ground. He choked in a breath and started to scream, “HEL—” but Marius kicked him in the ribcage, right over a lung. The man grabbed his chest and dragged in a long breath as if he were sucking air through a pillow.
“Don’t do that,” said Marius. “Is very bad idea.” He knelt down in front of the man and slapped his face to bring him back to the present. The man blinked at him stupidly. “Okay, then?” said Marius. “We ask you some questions now. You answer and you walk out of here. Otherwise we stuff you into the machines, see how you fit. Understand?”
The man’s eyes cleared a little and he nodded weakly.
“Good. First, what’s your name?”
The man took a deep breath. “Walter,” he said at last.
“No it’s not,” said Marius. “Is Dead Meat. That is your name, isn’t it?”
The man looked at him, confused, then nodded slowly. “Y—yes. I guess it is.”
“You learn fast!” said Marius. “This will be over in no time. Tell me, where is Alistair?”
“He’s not here—”
Marius slapped the man’s face back and forth. “Don’t lie to me, Dead Meat.”
“I’m not lying,” he gasped after Marius pulled his hand away.
“Where did he go?”
“He doesn’t tell us those things. We only know when he’ll be here at the facility. He just came in yesterday for an inspection, wanted us to ramp up production.”
“Why?”
Dead Meat hesitated. Marius raised his hand to slap him again but the words tumbled out quickly after that. “Okay okay! He just finished testing the new variant and we have to make some slight modifications to the delivery system before we start rolling out the new drones.”
“What new variant?” asked Haven.
He looked at her, then down to the floor. “Human.”



27

Marius grabbed the collar of the lab coat and drew the man closer to his face. “They make Fade for everyone?”
The man nodded, trying hard to keep away from Marius’s snarling mouth. “Not just—not just for your kind anymore,” said Dead Meat. “Now anyone can be infected, abilities or not.”
“Well, that’s just great,” said Bastian. He threw his hands up in defeat and walked away, shaking his head.
“How long until he starts using it?” asked Haven.
“Distribution starts as soon as we make our adjustments.”
“How long will that take?”
Dead Meat didn’t answer right away. Marius shook him roughly by the collar.
“Two days,” he said finally. “Three at the most.”
Haven stood there, trying to wrap her brain around the concept of a global virus that could wipe out all of humanity. Dead Meat was just starting to relax when Marius got in his face again.
“Why you do this?”
“Wha…what do you mean?”
“Why you work here? Why you make the virus that will kill everybody? Is it because of your face, huh?” Dead Meat tried to turn away as Marius slapped the deep scars on his cheeks. “They were mean to you, so now you get them back, is that it? Marius wants to know how so many people could work here and do such a thing.”
Marius relaxed but Dead Meat continued to guard his face.
“Most of them don’t even know we’re making a virus,” he said. “They think we’re shipping placebos for a major pharmaceutical contractor.”
Marius laughed loudly. “You lie to them! Of course! You tell them it is safe to come to work, to have a normal job. Do you know what you have done?”
Dead Meat shook his head and cried.
“Yes, I think you do.” Marius sighed and grabbed Dead Meat’s chin so he could look right into his eyes. “Where is the cure?”
The man seemed genuinely confused. “What cure?”
Marius’s face turned bright red as he shouted, “Don’t you lie to me! Where is the cure?!”
Dead Meat looked from Marius to Roku, then to Haven. “There is no cure,” he said, almost sadly. “Once you’re infected, that’s it.”
Marius yelled and hauled his foot back to kick Dead Meat in the chest.
“Waitwaitwait!” pleaded Dead Meat, holding up his hands in defense. Marius paused with his leg swung back. Dead Meat spoke quickly as he stared warily at Marius’s black boot. “There was a rumor that Alistair had a cure made for himself. After he was inoculated, he could never be infected again. And then he had the cure destroyed so no one else could ever be saved.”
“Almost no one,” said Haven, looking at Bastian. He swallowed hard and wouldn’t meet her eyes.
“But-but-but it’s just a rumor!” said Dead Meat. “There was never really any cure.”
Marius dragged him to his feet and pushed him up against the machine. “Is it in this one?” he said. Before Dead Meat could answer, Marius dragged him across the floor and slammed him into another machine. “How about this one, huh? I know it’s here somewhere. You would not make a virus without the cure. No one is that stupid.” He dragged Dead Meat over to a large bin and threw him over the top. The man screamed when he landed on top of a pile of exposed needles. They stuck into his skin at all angles like he was a giant pincushion. Marius jumped up over the side of the cart and stood on the man’s chest, pushing him deeper into the pile of syringes.
Dead Meat groaned in agony, his voice quivering with pain.
“What I say to you about lying?” asked Marius gravely. There was a blank look in his eyes that Haven had never seen before.
“Marius, take it easy,” she said.
Dead Meat twitched beneath Marius’s feet. “Please,” he whispered. “Mercy.”
“Why take it easy?!” shouted Marius. “You are trying to kill seven billion people and I should take it easy? Explain that one to me.”
But Dead Meat couldn’t explain. His eyelids fluttered until they closed. His body went limp and he passed out, stuck half to death with needles.
Haven turned around and saw Bastian walking toward her with his hands up. “Let me explain,” he said.
“You lied to me,” said Haven. Blue light flashed across her vision.
“I know I did,” said Bastian. He stopped when he saw the flames in her eyes. “There was a perfectly good reason—”
“No,” said Haven. She didn’t recognize her own voice, so deep and full of anger. Bastian’s promise of a cure had taken her away from Colton and Noah and the others in the Dome. She realized then how much she cared about Colton, about how much she would miss him if he were gone. There was a pain inside of her that equaled the pain of loss she felt when her parents died. At the same time she hated herself for even thinking the loss of another person could come close to the pain of her parents’ murder.
Still, it burned inside her. Hot flames engulfed her body—flames which she meant to use against Bastian for lying to her about the cure and for ripping her away from everything she loved.
“You knew he destroyed it,” she said. Her voice was not her own. “You knew it the whole time, and you let me believe it.” She stalked toward Bastian, her feet burning against the concrete floor.
Suddenly Roku was there, standing between them.
“You did not come here just for the cure,” he said. “You came here because I showed you the pain of others, not just your own. It is happening everywhere, Haven. You are not alone in your loss. Neither am I.”
“You!” she hissed. “You lied, too.”
“Yes,” said Roku, holding up his hands. “Because I have hope that it can be remade. Alistair will know how to recreate the cure and—”
“It will be too late for them!” shouted Haven.
“Remember what I showed you,” said Roku. “They are not the only ones who suffer.”
Sadness overwhelmed Haven. The blue flame covering her body flickered but did not disappear. She remembered the dream Roku shared with her—remembered how he lost his family, as she had lost most of hers. She wanted to be back with Colton and Noah and the others more than anything. Her soul reached out across the desert, crying out for her home.
The last blue flame flickered against her palms and she closed her fists to snuff it out. She looked up at Bastian.
“Tell me why you did it.”
He walked toward her cautiously, watching her hands. “We needed your help,” he said. “You could have stayed back there at the Dome and maybe had a fighting chance against Kamiko, but she was never the bigger threat. That’s obvious now, after seeing all of this.” He gestured to the nearby machinery. “If there was never a cure to begin with, than you staying back at the Dome was pointless. You would have gotten a lot of them killed or even yourself. This way,” he said, putting a hand to his chest, “this way we have a chance to stop Alistair before it’s too late. I lied to you. I feel terrible about that but it had to be done. It needed to be done. People don’t think practically when they’re too preoccupied with—”
“With what?” interrupted Haven.
“With love.”
She looked away as her cheeks flushed.
“We have to be practical if we want to succeed,” continued Bastian. “I don’t expect you to forgive me, but I also don’t expect you to quit. If you do—well, look around you. This is not just the end of our kind we’re talking about anymore. Alistair is going to wipe out the entire planet.”
She wanted to lash out at him, to hurt him worse than she had been hurt herself. The urge passed like a wave over her, and then was gone, leaving only a deep, empty sadness in its wake.
Love.
She had thought about the word before, but had never said it aloud. She was elated and terrified to find that the word was inextricably linked to the thought of Colton. The past year with him had been better than any other time in her life, but in a different way, as if she was a new person when he was around.
“What do you say?” asked Bastian. “Will you stick with us?”
Before she could answer, the door to the storage room banged open and guards poured into the main warehouse, each one carrying a heavy automatic rifle. A man in a long coat walked among them, staying out of the way as the guards advanced across the room toward Haven and the others. It was the thin man from the airport, the one who had brought down Haven’s plane.
“I thought you took care of him!” she said.
“So did I,” said Bastian.
“Get down!” shouted Marius. He grabbed Haven’s shoulders and pushed her roughly behind a machine. She tripped over a protruding pipe and hit the ground hard on her shoulder, then crawled next to the machine for cover.
Gunfire lit up the room.



28

A soldier came into the water processing room an hour after Adsen began his work. He demanded proof that there was progress and stood with his rifle in hand, finger on the trigger. Adsen handed the soldier a thin manila folder and pushed him back out the door. The folder contained scanned microscopic images of petri dishes, in which Adsen had been experimenting with bacterial cultures. He had explained each step of the process in detail as he went along, but Colton was lost between his own anger and thoughts of escape.
After the soldier left, Colton went to the door and looked out at the dome room through the grimy glass window. Kamiko stood in the center of the room atop the rubble from the collapsed ceiling fan. She stared down into the heart of the shattered fire pit as if the embers were ablaze. Colton thought she could be considered beautiful, if only she hadn’t tried to destroy everything he loved. She turned and looked right at him.
He walked away from the window and joined Adsen in front of his colorful chemical set. Liquids gurgled and boiled in beakers over open flames, and a thick substance oozed down through a plastic tube and glopped noisily into a collection tray on the table. A thermometer protruded from the mixture and the temperature read two-hundred degrees Fahrenheit.
“You’re really going to do it, then,” said Colton. “Finish Fade.”
“I said I was, didn’t I?”
“I thought you were going to stall for time so Dormer and I could work out some kind of escape plan.”
“The only way back is forward,” said Adsen cryptically. He picked up a vial filled with black liquid and flicked the bottom. The liquid shimmered and turned blue, then he poured it into the container of muck below the plastic feeder tube. The mixture hissed and gave off faint grey smoke. “A trick is most effective when it has an element of truth,” he added. “My work will be your proof that we want to be obedient, complacent—docile.” He flashed Colton a quick smile.
“It looks like you’re making progress.”
Adsen shrugged.
“And if we fail,” said Colton, “then Kamiko has the completed virus.”
“So don’t fail.”
“Don’t finish the virus.”
Adsen sighed and his whole body sagged from exhaustion. “You need to leave. Right now. It’s my work. I need to finish it alone. And besides, the less you know, the better.”
“The less I know,” repeated Colton, shaking his head. “This isn’t the best time for secrets, Adsen. It’s probably the worst time imaginable.” He thought for a moment. “What if we destroyed all the equipment?” He pointed to the labyrinthine chemistry set. On the table next to it, glowing computer monitors flashed with complex molecular diagrams and lines of indecipherable equations.
“Then we’re finished,” said Adsen. “This work is the only reason any of us are still alive. Honestly, Colton, I expected a little more practicality from you.”
Colton wanted to flip the table over and shout, “How’s that for practicality?!” but he knew Adsen was right. He hated him for trying to finish Fade. He felt betrayed and alone. Going willingly toward the destruction of everything he loved went against the grain of Colton’s very soul—yet what choice did he have? Both paths were lined with razor-sharp knives and would cut him regardless. He just had to trust that he chose the right one.
“Don’t just stand there with your mouth open,” said Adsen. “It’s time for you to leave. I don’t want you here for the rest of the process. Find Dormer, he’ll know what to do.” Adsen waved Colton away and paid him no more attention.
Kamiko was gone when Colton walked into the dome room. Morning light filtered through the open hole at the top of the ceiling. It came down as a solid shaft to illuminate the spot in the rubble where Kamiko had been standing. Colton walked to it and stood looking up at the ceiling, squinting into the light. He followed the long ladder that ran down the wall to the floor. Two soldiers stood at the ladder’s base, watching him.
“Where’s Dormer?” he asked. His voice carried easily across the vast, empty room. At first, Colton thought they would ignore him. A moment later, one of them raised a finger from the grip of his rifle and pointed at the entrance to the Grove. Colton flipped him the bird and walked away.
The entrance to the Grove was directly across the dome room from the garage entrance. Colton pushed open the swinging doors and stepped onto soft grass. The air within the Grove was clear and cool, and it cut through the fog in Colton’s mind like a knife. The pressure that had been mounting at the front of his skull faded away.
He coughed into his sleeve and swayed on his feet. His right hand shook uncontrollably and Colton squeezed it into a tight fist. As he did, thick, black veins bulged on the back of his hand, pulsing with his heartbeat. The virus was affecting him more with each passing hour.
The Grove was contained in a rectangular, high-ceilinged room that burrowed farther out from the main dome than any other part of the underground complex. Colton looked up at the halogen lamp burning brightly in the ceiling—a fake sun that added a touch of realism to the indoor field.
He walked through the grid of ancient trees. They had been transplanted at the time of the Dome’s construction from the Old Home, the place where his kind had lived and been safe for decades. Elena told Haven about it—and about its destruction by the very people who had once called it their sanctuary.
He placed his palm against the trunk of a blackened, withered tree as he passed, remembering it was the tree that gave its life to save Haven’s. She had been brought there after grave injury and laid below its branches while Dormer healed her wounds. The once-verdant green of the tree’s foliage had browned and crumbled at Dormer’s touch as he drained its life and transferred it to Haven.
The first rows of the grid were filled with dead trees—those that had been siphoned of life so Haven and others could be healed. Farther down the line were the living trees, their healthy branches blooming with vibrant leaves, their trunks a pleasant brown.
At the far edge of the grid, the grass turned slightly upward in a long, rising hill. Colton stood atop the hill and looked down at the teardrop pond at the bottom of the other side. An old willow tree stood guard at one end of the pond, its wispy green branches trailing softly over the surface of clear water, moving slightly in the artificial wind pushed out through vents high in the ceiling. Dormer sat there, next to Elena’s grave, watching small, blue lights dance across the pond. He held up a hand in greeting and Colton walked down the hill toward him.
“What do you think?” asked Dormer, nodding toward the lights. “She’s pretty good.”
Colton sat next to him on the grass. “Haven made those?”
Dormer nodded. “Elena never got the chance to show her how to do it, but she figured it out. They’re still confined to the pond, though. Elena’s used to go to the trees and live on the branches. It was like a forest filled with blue fireflies.”
“I remember,” said Colton. He recalled the times with Haven at the pond when he offered endless suggestions on how to create the blue lights, knowing that almost all of his ideas were ridiculous. He came up with most of them just to make her laugh.
Colton had only seen the lights once, right before Elena died. When she passed, they had faded with her. Elena’s grave was a simple, unmarked stone next to the base of the tree. A single yellow flower was laid across the top of the grassy mound before the stone.
“What are clear cells?” asked Colton.
Dormer turned his head slowly to look at him. “And here I thought we were having a moment.”
“Adsen mentioned them in passing,” said Colton. “He said it had something to do with the way Fade affects us.”
“Sources and Conduits have an additional active set of cells in their bloodstream,” said Dormer. “You know about white cells and red cells, all of that.”
“Yes.”
“Well, we also have what Adsen calls clear cells. He thinks everyone has them, but they’re active in some and vestigial in others.”
“Like your appendix?”
“Correct. In ‘normal’ people—for lack of a better term—these clear cells serve no purpose. But in people like us, they exist solely to transmit the energy that Sources produce and Conduits absorb. They are simply microscopic pathways that funnel our energy throughout our bodies. Fade works by mutating those clear cells and tricking the body into thinking they are foreign bodies. Our immune system assumes we’ve been invaded by a parasite and fights back. Except when a white cell attacks, the mutated clear cell absorbs it and splits into two infected cells. After this happens enough times, bingo, you’re done.”
“Do the clear cells produce Source energy?”
“No, they are only the tunnels through which it travels.”
“So where does the energy come from? Something has to be making it.”
“You’re right,” said Dormer. “Something does. But we don’t know what. It’s kind of a mystery. Some say it’s spiritual—that it’s Mother Nature herself or some equivalent deity who is granting our abilities and altering our DNA so we can manipulate such powerful energies.”
“What do you think?”
“I don’t think it matters how we got our abilities. I think it just matters what we do with them.”
“That’s kind of a cop-out, isn’t it?”
Dormer smiled. “Perhaps.”
They sat there in silence, looking at the blue lights dance across the pond.
“Listen,” said Colton. “Not to shatter the calm or anything, but—”
“We need to get started,” interrupted Dormer. “I know. I was just…preparing myself.”
“Adsen is moving too quickly on the virus,” said Colton. “I tried to tell him to slow down, but he sent me away.”
“He is not the same man who was taken into that medical facility,” said Dormer. He stared blankly into the middle of the pond. “The time he spent in there…it changed him. He’s more distant. Hollow.” He shook his head and pulled out a roll of papers from his coat. He unrolled them on the grass and smoothed out the corners. “How long did Kamiko give him to finish the virus?”
“Ten hours. That was almost two hours ago.”
“And he’s already nearly finished?”
“Seems so, yes.”
“Right.” Dormer frowned at the Dome schematics and riffled through the pages.
“What is it?” asked Colton.
“It seems our timeline for action might be a bit shorter than we thought.”
“How much shorter?”
“There’s a shift change in ten minutes,” said Dormer. “All but two of the soldiers will be in the same area at the same time. It will be another twelve hours before it happens again.”
Colton nodded. “Then we’d better get moving.”



29

Bullets ricocheted off metal and hit the floor near Haven’s head, spitting up mortar explosions of dust and concrete. She screamed and squeezed her body into a fetal position. Roku and Bastian lay on the floor a few feet away, their backs pressed to a brick-shaped machine. Bullets thunked into the metal on the other side. Steam hissed from a burst pipe overhead.
The gunfire ceased. Haven heard the soft footsteps of boots on concrete and, somewhere in the distance, liquid gurgling onto the floor from a pierced container. She closed her eyes and focused on the glowing blue star in her mind. It was distant and weak. She clenched her jaws together until she felt like her teeth would shatter, but there was no way to summon her power. The taxing output in the storage room earlier had completely worn her out.
She heard a sharp CRACK of metal against armor, then a grunt as one of the guards dropped to the ground. The gunfire flared up again, although it was aimed at another part of the room.
“Let’s go!” she shouted at Roku and Bastian.
They nodded and followed her to a section of the room behind the guards. All of their attention was focused on a large metal bin on wheels. The guards fired nonstop at the metal bin, their bullets pinging harmlessly off its surface. The bin rolled toward them, slowly at first, then it picked up speed as it sped across the floor. Haven smiled when she saw Marius’s dirty black boots beneath the bin, pushing it from behind.
The guards backed up slowly, still firing. Haven turned to Bastian. “I need some time to recharge.”
“You two go find the main supply of Fade,” said Roku. “Marius and I can handle this.”
Bastian took her hand and tried to pull her away. She yanked her hand back and looked at Roku.
“Go,” he said, before she could talk him out of it. “Come and get us before the place explodes, okay?”
She hesitated a moment longer. “Okay,” she said finally.
Bastian was already moving, crouching low to the ground as he hurried across the room. Haven caught up and stayed close, checking over her shoulder as they moved. She saw the guards and Marius, but no sign of the thin man.
Bastian led her on a winding path through the machines. Haven looked up at the ceiling and saw that they were following a massive cluster of pipes that ran toward one wall of the room.
A man in a white lab coat peeked his head around the corner of a container as Haven and Bastian passed. He opened his mouth to say something but ran away screaming after Bastian blasted the top of his head with a quick burst of yellow fire. Haven wrinkled her nose in disgust at the smell of burnt hair.
They reached the far wall where the pipes in the ceiling terminated.
“Over there,” said Bastian, pointing along the wall. A metal door with a black keypad in place of a doorknob was set into the thick wall a few feet away. Bastian’s shoulders sank in defeat when he saw the keypad. “Now what?”
“Melt it off, dummy!” said Haven.
He put a hand over the keypad and a strong yellow glow flared from his palm. A second later, the plastic was a bubbling stream of molten goo that ran down the surface of the door. Bastian pushed against the door and it swung open with ease.
“Huh,” he said, then went into the next room. After a long glance at the distance muzzle-flashes where Roku and Marius fought the guards, Haven followed after him.
An enormous vat was in the middle of the room; a giant white tank with a huge window in its side that revealed a deep sea of thick, clear liquid. A woman wearing a sealed chemical biohazard suit stood on a small metal platform that reached out over the tank. She held a long wire that dipped down into the vat. After a few moments, she pulled up the wire and read a measurement from a small black box attached to the end.
Several more workers buzzed around the tank, tweaking machinery connected to the circular wall. Others sat at computer workstations that were shielded by thick sheets of Plexiglas. All of the workers wore full biohazard suits. They stopped what they were doing when Bastian stepped away from the door and walked toward the vat. He was lit up like the Olympic torch.
“Don’t anybody move,” he said, loud and clear, looking at each of the workers. One of the men turned to run and a stream of yellow plasma licked out from Bastian’s arm and hit him in the leg. The man yelled in pain and lay on the ground, peeling away strips of melting suit before it burned into his skin. “Probably hard of hearing,” said Bastian to the other workers. They didn’t laugh.
“Everybody up,” said Haven. She walked over to the row of workstations and pulled people out of their seats. Their crinkling body suits made it difficult for them to move quickly, like low-budget astronauts trapped in zero gravity. Quick, scared breaths fogged the insides of their flimsy masks. Haven herded them all next to the tank. She pointed to a cluster of pipes running out of the vat and up to the ceiling. “Which one of these is flammable?”
Bastian looked at her with confusion, then he realized what she meant to do and smiled wolfishly. “Yeah,” he said, taking a step forward and letting his fire reach out for the workers. They took a frightened step backward and bumped into the vat. “Speak up if you don’t wanna be cooked alive in your suits!”
The woman on the platform over the tank said, “That one,” and pointed to a fat pipe separate from the others. It ran up to the ceiling as well, but criss-crossed around and through the others on its circuitous route to the wall.
“Don’t lie to me,” said Haven, putting as much acid into her threat as she could. “I’m already at my limit for the day.”
The woman shook her head. “I’m not. I know what we’re making.” She looked relieved as she pointed at the pipe again.
“Run,” said Haven, turning to the workers. “Go on, get out of here!”
Bastian reached out for them with yellow fire but the workers scrambled out of the exit before his energy touched them. The woman on the platform slid down a metal ladder over the side of the vat and ran past without looking back.
“What’d you let ‘em go for?” asked Bastian. “They deserve to be in here when this place turns inside out.”
Haven ignored him. She went to the fat pipe and found the point where it was attached to the vat. She pulled just enough energy from inside of her to shear the pipe from its setting; with one quick explosion of blue plasma, its circular opening hung loose against the vat wall. Clear brown liquid sloshed within.
“Here,” she said, pulling the pipe as far from the vat as she could. The thick metal tube groaned in protest as she strained to make enough room for Bastian’s hand. “Light it up.”
“With pleasure,” he said.



30

Haven wondered how Bastian drew on his power. For her it was the blue star, burning bright in her mind’s eye. Marius had told her his method was to imagine his hands swelling with orange fire until it became too much to contain.
Fresh yellow flame shot out from Bastian’s arms—and then vanished. He looked down at his hands, confused.
“What’s wrong?” asked Haven. “Why did you stop?”
“I didn’t!” said Bastian. He tried again, and only managed to produced tiny puffs of yellow fire, like an empty lighter being sparked repeatedly.
Haven saw movement out of the corner of her eye. The thin man stood in the doorway, eyes black as coal, staring right at her.
“Bastian,” she said as she backed away. “Now would be a good time to fix that problem.”
“I’m trying! He’s taking everything as soon as I let it go.”
The thin man approached them slowly. Haven and Bastian backed into the tank.
“Any bright ideas?” asked Bastian.
“Yeah,” said Haven. “Burn this place to the ground.”
“What are you going to—”
Haven ran away from the tank before he could finish. She headed straight at the thin man, not entirely sure of her own plan. He seemed confused by her approach, and then his confusion turned to amusement as she drew closer. Haven tried to call on her energy and even managed to send out a few blue flames in his direction, but he was absorbing everything with his Conduit ability and stopping the fire before it got close.
She screamed and threw herself into the air, bringing her knees up at the last second. They sank into his stomach. He let out a woooof of air and buckled in half. All of his focus had been on absorbing Haven’s Source energy and he hadn’t expected an outright physical attack. They crumpled to the ground together in a thrashing heap. Haven grabbed his head and slammed it against the concrete floor.
“Do it!’ she shouted to Bastian.
He ran to the broken pipe on the side of the tank and put his arm inside of it up to his elbow, then closed his eyes. Sweat beaded on his face and his body shook as he concentrated. The liquid in the pipe boiled.
The thin man sat up and reached out for Haven. His hands wrapped around her throat and he squeezed until she could no longer breathe. He grinned as he sucked the life out of her, drawing on her energy until her heart slowed and stopped. Haven’s vision blurred as she looked over at Bastian.
An enormous yellow fireball erupted from his arm and shot into the pipe. He jumped back and dove for cover as an explosive chain reaction ran from the bottom of the pipe up to the top. The yellow fireball obliterated the pipe as it rushed toward the ceiling, exploding it outward like a cannonball fired into a cardboard tube.
The thin man released Haven and stood.
“No!’ he screamed, running toward the tank. “No-no-NO!”
Haven gasped for air and her vision cleared. Bastian scrambled over and hauled her to her feet.
“Time to go,” she said. They ran away from the spreading flames. The fireball exploded and the entire ceiling was consumed. Other pipes caught fire and flaming snakes crawled across the ceiling, following the paths of the tubes as they twisted throughout the entire complex.
The thin man stood by the tank at the base of the broken pipe, gripping it tightly, absorbing as much flame as he could—but there was too much. His skin erupted with yellow fire as he tried to extinguish the chaotic inferno. He looked up at the ceiling hopelessly, then he turned to Haven. His eyes were burning holes of blinding yellow plasma. He opened his mouth to scream but all that came out was a burst of yellow lava. It rolled down his chin and over his chest.
Haven closed her eyes and turned away. Bastian took her hand and led her back into the packaging room. Marius and Roku ran toward them, breathing heavily from their own battle. Marius had a large scratch down one side of his face and Roku was still holding his injured side, but otherwise they seemed little worse than before.
“No more guards,” said Marius. “We go now, or no more us.” He pushed the others away from the vat room, toward the door leading to the small storage room through which they had arrived.
Behind them, the fire broke through the wall, racing along the cluster of pipes overhead and across the ceiling. The machine nearest the wall exploded as fire shot down its feeder pipe from above. Chunks of metal whistled through the air, piercing everything around like shrapnel from a fragmentation grenade.
Something sharp hit Haven’s shoulder and sank into her skin. She cried out in pain but did not stop running.
More machines exploded across the room as fire streaked down the feeder tubes attached to the ceiling. Haven caught a quick glimpse of a cart filled with metal syringes and saw a terrifying image of what would happen if a machine exploded nearby. The syringes would be propelled through the room like bullets and would tear through her skin just as easily.
She was at the back of the line. Roku was right in front of her, stumbling to keep up with the others. Haven urged him forward as they ducked around burning equipment. Finally they reached the locked door that led to the small storage room.
Marius let out a bellowing roar and kicked the door in the middle. It flew off its hinges and exploded into the next room. He went through, with Bastian and Roku close behind. Haven turned to look back.
The ceiling was a patchy blanket of yellow flame. Much of it was already open to the early morning sky—huge chunks of metal sheeting had fallen to the floor, igniting everything they touched. Machines exploded like enormous fireworks across the vast warehouse.
Haven stood there, transfixed, seeing again the destruction of her own home as it was consumed by insatiable fire.
A hand grabbed her shoulder and pulled her into the next room.
“We are leaving!” shouted Marius. He jumped into the driver’s seat of the truck they had used to sneak into the building. Roku and Bastian climbed onto the bed and threw off some of the plastic containers. The two of them sat with their backs to the cab and held on tight.
The truck was already lurching forward when Haven ran around to the passenger’s side and jumped in. She slammed the door just as the remaining ceiling collapsed around them. The truck groaned in protest as Marius grinded the gears and forced it onward, through the wreckage.
A second later they were clear of the destruction and driving away. The last chunk of flaming debris slid off the hood of the truck. Haven looked back quickly to check on Roku and Bastian. They were still on the bed of the truck, coughing and brushing ash from their clothes and hair. She sat back and a sharp pain stabbed her shoulder. She reached back gently and her fingers brushed a sharp piece of metal. Haven closed her eyes and yanked it out, stifling a scream. The strip of metal was long but very thin, like a slender icicle. Haven threw it out the window and wiped her hand on her pants. Then she used some of her own energy to seal the wound.
Marius drove to the top of a small dune nearby and swung the truck around to face the building. Firelight danced across the windshield as the building collapsed violently onto itself.
Roku and Bastian stood up in the back and leaned on the roof of the cab as explosion after explosion leveled the complex. The middle of the packaging room was already extinguished, the fire having burnt its way through every possible fuel source. All that remained was a blackened skeleton, its fingers reaching up toward the dawn sky.
Workers in white lab coats ran screaming from the chaos and gathered in a small group a short distance away. They sat watching the building burn, huddled together in the desert. Haven wondered what would become of them; if Alistair would take pity and relocate them to a new facility or if he would wipe them all out for their incompetence.
For most of them—the ones who hadn’t known what they were really making—Haven felt deep pity. For the others, she was simultaneously shocked and relieved to find that she didn’t care either way.



31

Dormer rolled up the papers and hid them away in his coat. He and Colton trotted through the Grove toward the exit.
“What do you think will happen if we don’t take out all of the soldiers?” asked Colton.
“Let’s hope we don’t find out. First we need to secure the others in one location to minimize the risk of retaliation.”
“Where?”
“Marius and Corva’s room. We won’t be able to move the refugees quickly enough to get them anywhere else, so it’s best to bring everyone else to them.”
“June can help.”
“The chef?”
“Yeah.”
“Lunch was amazing,” said Dormer. “Best meal I’ve had in weeks.”
They slowed their pace as they left the Grove and walked into the dome room. The soldiers positioned nearby stiffened at their approach.
“At ease, gentlemen,” said Dormer as he and Colton passed, heading toward the dormitory hallway. The soldiers exchanged a brief glance.
The kitchen was empty. The aroma of slightly-burnt cake still clung to the air and made Colton’s mouth water as he passed.
The hallway split in two a little farther down. Colton took the left branch, toward Corva and the medical center refugees. Dormer went right to find Noah and Micah.
Colton spun the wheel to Marius and Corva’s room and pushed it open. Inside, June knelt next to Corva’s bed. The medical center refugees lay on their cots, thick blankets covering their shivering bodies. One of them turned to look at Colton with dread in his eyes.
“It’s alright,” said Colton as he entered the room. “I’m not here to hurt you.”
June dabbed Corva’s head with a wet cloth. Colton knelt next to her.
“June, it’s time.”
“Finally,” she said.
Dormer appeared in the doorway. “No sign of the boys.”
Colton’s stomach sank to think what would happen if Noah and Micah weren’t safe when the shooting started. “They’re probably in the training room, horsing around.”
“We don’t have time!” said Dormer. “Shift change is in two minutes.”
“I’ll get them,” said June. “Do what you need to do.”
Dormer nodded and turned to Colton. “Right. They’re going to be crossing paths in front of the door that leads to the elevator. Two will be stationed there already, and the others will be passing on the way to their next post. We hit them hard and take down as many as we can. But…”
“But what?!” said Colton eagerly.
“But two of them won’t be with the others.”
“Let me guess,” said Colton. “They’re guarding the training room.”
“Yes.”
“I’ll handle them,” said June. “Don’t worry about it.”
Colton and Dormer looked at her doubtfully.
“I said don’t worry about it,” she repeated.
“What about Kamiko?” asked Colton.
“We can only hope she’s somewhere else. Enough talk, we need to move.”
Colton and June followed him down the long hallway toward the dome room. As they left the comfortable shadows of the hall and stepped into the bright morning light pouring down through the open hole in the ceiling, Colton never felt more naked in his life. The soldiers who were usually guarding both sides of the dormitory hallway were gone. Across the room, the sound of boots tromping loudly over concrete echoed near the thick door that guarded the elevator hallway.
“Wish me luck,” said June, and before Colton could do just that, she was off, walking quickly toward the training room. The two soldiers positioned near the door watched her approach.
“Let’s go,” whispered Dormer.
He led Colton straight toward the middle of the room, through a long corridor of shelves that made up part of Dormer’s workshop. They crouched low to keep the soldiers across the room from seeing them over the debris of the crushed fire pit. Colton looked around, worried Kamiko would pop into view any second. She was nowhere in sight. They reached the pile of debris near the fire pit and Dormer stopped. Colton’s stomach clenched when he saw the soldiers in front of the door ahead.
Two stood on either side, talking to each other in low voices. They seemed a lot more relaxed than usual, and Colton wondered if this shift change was the two minutes out of their day where they could have a normal conversation. Two more soldiers came up and joined them while still more walked by on the way to their next post.
“Do you have enough juice for all of them?” whispered Colton.
“We’ll find out,” said Dormer. He stepped out from behind the mound of debris and walked toward the soldiers. Colton, unsure about what to do, followed him closely, expecting at any moment to be cut in half by a storm of bullets.
The training room door opened to his left and June appeared. She had Micah on her hip and held Noah’s hand. The soldiers to either side of her paid little attention. She looked right at Colton and froze. He waved her back into the room and she disappeared. The two soldiers by the training room were finally able to see Dormer and Colton stepping clear of the shelves and approaching the door to the elevator.
One of the soldiers ran into the training room, after June. The other shouted, “Hey!” and raised his rifle.
“It’s happening now,” said Dormer. He shoved Colton to the ground as the other soldiers noticed him. They raised their rifles and aimed right at Dormer’s head as he approached with his arms raised.
When the nearest soldier took a step forward, Dormer brought his hands down and clapped him on the sides of his helmet, just over his temples. The lights over the elevator hallway door flickered and blinked out. The soldier collapsed to the floor. His rifle fell from his hands and Dormer kicked it across the floor to Colton, who picked it up and slung the strap over his shoulder.
The soldiers rushed Dormer. He stood, fists closed, waiting.
Colton grabbed the gun and aimed at one of the two soldiers still standing near the elevator hallway door. They hadn’t moved toward Dormer with the rest of their pals. The gun felt too heavy in Colton’s hands, as if it would drag him down if he fired a single round.
He found the trigger and squeezed. The muzzle-flashes blocked out his vision, and when he lowered his rifle, the two soldiers by the elevator hallway door were out of the fight.
More gunfire erupted nearby and Colton dove for cover. He flipped over an empty metal table and huddled behind it, inspecting his gun and wishing he knew how to check his ammo count. He looked across the dome at the training room door.
The second soldier that had been guarding the room went inside after June.
“Go,” said Dormer to Colton. He stood a few feet away, using one of the soldiers as a body shield from the gunfire of the others. The bullets sank into the soldier’s armor and he groaned in agony. Colton guessed the bullets in the soldiers’ own guns were armor-piercing rounds never meant to be used on anyone but unarmed innocents.
Some of the bullets—the ones that normally would have missed the soldier and hit Dormer—stopped in the air, inches from his head. They fell to the ground a moment after being suspended mid-flight. Colton remembered Corva saying that a Conduit could only do that for so long before the bullets got through. Negating the velocity of a bullet drained a Con’s power quickly, as the output required for such a stopping force usually exceeded the energy they were consuming.
Dormer closed his eyes and the space around his body darkened. The soldier he was using for a body shield screamed as Dormer drew on his energy. The lights in the wall nearby exploded, sending glass shards tinkling to the ground. Dormer turned to Colton and saw he was still there. “Go!” he shouted.
Colton ran.



32

Bullets thunked into the floor at his feet. He zigzagged across the dome room, ducking behind shelves and anything else he could use for cover as he went. On the other side of the room, the door to his mother’s old holding cell opened. The door was less than a hundred feet from the training room, and Kamiko stood there, eyes blazing with blue fire.
Colton ran faster, but she wasn’t looking at him. Her gaze was focused across the room, at Dormer. A black hole had formed around his body as he moved from soldier to soldier. Any of them who passed through the black light fell instantly and lay on the ground, unmoving.
The last thing Colton saw before he kicked open the training room door was Kamiko literally flying across the room, carried through the air by long strands of lightning that shot from her back. They moved like the legs of a giant, electric spider as they carried her forward.
The door closed behind him and Colton squinted into the darkness of the training room. The overhead lamps had burned out and the back half of the room was pitch black. The only light was coming from the window in the door. On the floor, laying at the edge of the light, was Micah. Colton couldn’t tell if he was breathing. A few feet away from him was a soldier, sprawled out, unconscious or dead.
Colton took a step toward Micah and someone spoke to him from the shadows.
“Don’t come any closer.”
The voice was deep and muffled. A moment later, a soldier stepped slowly out of the darkness. He held June in front of him and kept the muzzle of his rifle buried under her chin. Her hands rested on Noah’s shoulders, who stared across the room at Micah with wide eyes.
Colton blinked heavily and his vision blurred. Blood rushed to his head and made him dizzy. The black veins that covered his body throbbed painfully and he realized it was the virus working its way deeper into his system.
He raised his rifle with shaking hands and aimed it at the soldier—he hoped he was aiming it at the soldier.
“I still have my ability,” said Colton stupidly, not knowing what else to do.
The soldier paused for a moment, then slowly marched forward. He laughed coldly from behind his mask. “Nice try. I can see the veins in your neck from here.”
“Why don’t you just shoot me then?” asked Colton.
The soldier stopped again, considering the offer. Finally, he shrugged, and pulled the rifle away from June’s throat so he could aim it at Colton. As soon as the gun was away from her skin, she raised her elbow and drove it back into his armored stomach. He let out a surprised laugh as June grabbed Noah and pushed him to the ground.
“Now!” she shouted.
The soldier was bringing his rifle back up when Colton pulled the trigger. The rifle was set to automatic mode and the bullets spat out in a steady stream. A haze of gunpowder hung in the air as Colton lowered the gun. The soldier was on the floor, a small pool of blood spreading out from his abdomen.
Noah pushed away from June and ran over to Micah. He crouched next to the boy’s body and wept. Even as Colton approached, he could tell that Micah’s skin was too pale. There was a dark bruise around his neck, and his eyes were closed peacefully, almost like he was sleeping.
Colton helped June to her feet and she gave him a quick hug. “Thank you,” she whispered. When she released him, she wiped away her tears and shook her head. “He tried to save us.” Her small smile told Colton she was familiar with the ways of children—familiar with their unclear sense of how the world really worked and also their crystal clear belief that you had to protect the ones you loved.
Colton did not ask her what happened. She would tell him in her own time, if she needed to tell him at all. He took Noah’s hand and led him away from Micah, and took June’s in his other. Together, they walked to the door and looked out through the window, into the dome room.
Smoke hung in an ugly haze near the elevator hallway door. Colton could barely see the lifeless bodies of at least six soldiers on the floor. Suddenly Kamiko appeared outside the window. Blue fire exploded from her eyes and melted the window. Colton pulled June and Noah away from the door as it slammed open.
Kamiko swatted Colton’s rifle aside with no effort at all. It clattered across the floor and stopped against the body of one of the dead soldiers. The fire in Kamiko’s eyes seemed to grow more intense when she saw the bodies.
Behind her, in the middle of the dome room, Dormer was on his knees, his hands tied behind his back. He looked close to falling over from exhaustion. Half his face was covered in blood. He turned and smiled weakly at Colton. One of the two soldiers still standing cracked him on top of the head with the butt of his rifle and Dormer collapsed to the floor, unconscious.
Lightning shot from Kamiko’s fist as she punched Colton in the chest. He hit the ground on his back and skidded across the floor. Noah screamed and broke free of June’s arms. He ran at Kamiko blindly, his eyes tightly closed, tears streaming down his face.
She turned to face him as a brilliant white light exploded from his body. The flash lit up the room and a wooden weapon rack hanging on the wall burst into flame. White plasma shot out of Noah’s chest toward Kamiko. It was a sloppy attack—a burst of raw, uncontrolled anger from a child with no training; from a five-year-old boy who should have been a decade away accessing his own ability.
Kamiko quickly brought her hands together in front of her face just as the plasma hit them. A shield of lightning erupted from her hands and surrounded her completely. White flames enveloped the protective shell.
When Noah’s fire died, he collapsed to the ground, unconscious. His nose was bleeding and his fingers twitched slightly, as if he were dreaming.
“Is he dead?” asked June. She huddled in the corner of the room, looking between the bodies of Noah and Micah.
The ball of lightning around Kamiko disappeared with a static crackle of energy. She floated over to Noah and looked down at him sadly. His small chest rose and fell in shallow gasps.
“Poor little Nova,” she whispered. “Now they’ll never leave you alone.”
Colton’s clothes smoked from the heat of the blast. He stood up and stumbled toward Kamiko. The black veins pulsed beneath his skin, choking his senses and dulling his mind. Kamiko reached out and grabbed him by the throat. She lifted him up in the air and screamed in anger. A storm of lightning erupted from her mouth and enveloped Colton in an electric cocoon that seized his lungs. He could not breathe. He could not fight back. Lightning crawled over his skin and burrowed into his body.
The lack of oxygen dimmed Colton’s vision. His world slowly faded into darkness, and the last thing he saw was Kamiko standing below him in a sea of swirling, shimmering, beautiful dark blue light.



33

The truck bumped across the desert as Marius drove farther from the burning virus facility. Haven’s brown, red-streaked hair whipped in the wind that blasted through the open windows. She watched black smoke billow up into the sky in the reflection of her passenger-door mirror. The building was hidden on the other side of a large rise, but the smoke climbed far into the blue morning sky like a soul reaching for heaven.
“Where are we going?” asked Haven.
Marius stared straight ahead, his bloodshot eyes fixed on the distant horizon. “Billings is the nearest town. South of here.” He looked at the truck’s fuel gauge. “Not enough gas to go anywhere else.”
The truck hit a dip and bounced back out roughly. Bastian shouted in surprise from the back. He and Roku sat with their backs against the truck’s cab, shielding their eyes from the sun with their hands. Haven put her palm against the glass that separated them and melted away a handprint-shaped hole with a slow burn of blue energy.
Bastian scooted closer to the hole. “Where are we going?” he shouted. Sand whipped up around the sides of the truck. He held up the collar of his jacket to shield his face.
“Billings,” said Haven.
Bastian nodded. “It’ll be south of here, about fifty miles.”
“Do you have any idea where Alistair might be?”
Bastian turned away to look at the black smoke, then shook his head.
“I’m sorry,” said Haven, and she meant it. In Bastian’s mind, no one else was working to get rid of Alistair. To him, his quest represented the only way to eliminate the threat for good. “What will you do now?”
Bastian looked at Roku. “I don’t know. We lost him and I don’t know if we’ll ever get another chance.” Roku sat quietly, his face an emotionless mask.
“Marius and I are going back to the Dome,” said Haven. “Cure or no cure.”
Roku opened his mouth to say something then quickly shut it again. Haven thought she knew what he was going to say.
“You can come with us,” she said. “Both of you.”
Bastian and Roku shared the same look again—a knowing look that carried some deeper knowledge.
“What if Kamiko is still there?” asked Bastian.
“She better not be,” said Haven. “For her sake.”
Roku stared at the tire tracks in the sand, winding like twin snakes back the way they had come. Bastian slapped him on the shoulder and tried to cheer him up. Roku pushed him away. After a moment, Bastian shrugged, then he leaned his head back against the window and closed his eyes.
Haven tucked several wind-blown strands of hair behind her ears and settled into her seat. Marius was still intently focused on the desert ahead.
“Marius wants to strangle him,” he said. He gripped the wheel until his knuckles looked like they might pop through the skin on the back of his hands. “No cure. Why did he lie about something like that? Marius should have stayed with Corva. What if she is gone by the time we get back?”
“I’m sure she’s fine,” said Haven. Even to her it sounded like an awful lie.
“Don’t say things you know are not true,” he said harshly. “Nothing we did made a difference.”
“We destroyed the Fade processing plant. That’s something. It means no one else is going to be infected.”
“Ha!” he said. “What you think, a man like Alistair isn’t going to have another place just like it somewhere? Or maybe he already shipped a hundred million needles out into the world to infect entire countries! Only way to stop it is to stop him, and he’s already killed most of us. They are all back at the Dome, dying slowly, while we drive through this desert and waste more time.”
He suddenly slammed on the brakes and the truck slid sideways over the sand. It came to a rocking stop, then Marius cut the engine and hopped quickly out of the cab.
“Marius…” said Haven. She had a bad feeling about what he might do.
“You!” shouted Marius as he walked around to the back of the truck.
“Me?” asked Bastian. His eyes were bleary from his brief nap.
“You.”
Marius grabbed his collar with both hands. He pulled Bastian off the truck bed and slammed him against the hard ground. He growled and pulled Bastian to his feet, then stuck his snarling face so close to Bastian’s that their noses touched. Then he lifted Bastian up into the air. Black veins throbbed in Marius’s neck. His bloodshot eyes studied Bastian as if he couldn’t understand why such a person existed in the first place.
“What—what are you doing?” asked Bastian.
Marius yelled and threw him as far as he could. Bastian hit the sand on his side and rolled to a stop against a large rock. Roku hopped easily from the bed of the truck and Marius turned on him and pointed a finger in his face.
“This does not concern you,” said Marius. “Let him be a man and fight his own fight.”
Roku’s face hardened, but he stayed by the truck. A few feet away, Bastian coughed sand back onto the desert ground. “I know you’re angry,” he said between coughs, “but—”
But he couldn’t finish. Marius stood over him and grabbed the back of his belt. He shoved Bastian forward and kicked him in the stomach. Yellow flame sputtered and died in Bastian’s hands as he held his side. He was unable to control his energy and small sparks of light shot out from his skin like tiny fireworks.
His breath returned and he took a long, gasping lungful. Haven ran up and grabbed Marius’s arm as he pulled it back for a punch.
“Stop it!” she shouted. Marius turned and scowled at her.
“It’s alright,” said Bastian weakly. He lay on the ground on his side, his breath pushing sand away from his face. He looked at Haven. “It’s alright.”
She slowly let go of Marius’s arm and stepped away. Roku stood next to her, watching.
Marius pulled his leg back for another kick. Right before it connected, a yellow bubble of energy swelled out from Bastian’s hands and burst. Marius flew back ten feet and landed hard on his shoulder. Bastian scrambled to his feet and stood there, half bent over from pain, panting to catch his breath.
Marius got to his feet slowly, his eyes fixed on his target.
“What do you want me to say?” asked Bastian. “That I’m sorry? Because I am. I’m sorry I took you away from your wife. I’m sorry she’s sick.”
Marius walked toward him, his heavy shoes leaving deep impressions in the sand. He looked like a bull in a slow-motion charge.
“But that didn’t change what we had to do,” said Bastian. Marius was just a foot away when another bubble of yellow energy popped in his face. The second burst hit him like a sledgehammer and slammed him down to the ground. He lay there, groaning, holding his head as if it were made of glass.
“I have a lot to atone for,” said Bastian, panting heavily. He wavered on his feet and bent forward to put his hands on his knees for support. “But to pay for it out here would be pointless, especially considering the road ahead.”
Marius kicked Bastian’s ankle, hard. Bastian screamed and lifted his foot off the ground. Marius kicked his other leg out from beneath him and Bastian hit the ground on his back. Marius rolled to him and sat up, then swung his leg over Bastian’s torso to straddle his chest. He pulled back his fist, ready to strike, but stopped.
Bastian fought for air, gasping like a fish on dry land, as Marius’s fist hovered over his head. The energy seemed to leave Marius all at once and he slumped to the side. He crawled away on his hands and knees, coughing, then collapsed in the sand and wept.
Roku knelt down next to Bastian and helped him sit up.
“I’m okay,” said Bastian. His voice was weak and strained, as if he had been screaming for days. “Thank you.”
“I did nothing,” said Roku.
Haven walked over and sat next to Marius. He lay face-down on the hot ground, his tears forming small patches of mud where they fell. He coughed and spat black blood onto the ground.
“Is getting worse,” he said.
Haven put a hand on his back and let some of her energy flow out through her palm, into his spine. He stopped quivering and relaxed.
“We’ve all lost someone,” said Haven. “Some more than others. But Corva is not gone yet. As long as she’s alive, you still have hope.”
Marius pushed away from the ground and sat up. One side of his face was covered in a thin layer of sand, like half-finished clown makeup, and Haven was unable to control the giggle that slipped out. She slapped her hands to her mouth to stifle the rest.
“Marius is no good at this kind of thing,” he said. “He is best at simple things, like punching and revenge. It hurts somewhere deep inside to think about losing her. It hurts more than anything in the world.”
Haven smiled at him. “So let’s get you back home, okay?”
He sniffed and wiped his face with his sleeve. “Okay.”
She helped him to his feet and they walked back to the truck. Roku boosted Bastian up onto the bed and climbed up after him.
“Are we going to make it?” asked Roku.
Haven looked at Marius and he nodded as he got into the driver’s seat.
“I think so,” she said.
She closed his door and walked around the front of the truck. Marius turned the keys in the ignition but all that came from the engine was a steady, slow wuh-wuh-wuh-wuh, then silence.
Haven stood in front of the truck, staring at the front grille. Marius keyed the ignition again and the chugs came slower and weaker: wuh…wuh… wuh.
“This not good,” said Marius from behind the wheel.
“Let me take a look,” said Roku. He hopped down from the truck bed and joined Haven at the front as Marius popped the hood. Roku lifted it and a cloud of acrid smoke rose into the air from the hissing engine.
Haven coughed and waved some of it away. “I’m guessing that’s a bad sign,” she said.
Roku touched parts of the engine, pausing for a moment on each one to feel the temperature. He knocked on a plastic tank bolted to the side panel next to the twin batteries. It thumped hollowly under his knuckles.
“Electrical problem?” asked Marius from the cab.
“Could be the starter,” said Roku. The radiator cap sizzled against his fingers as he unscrewed it. He waved away some of the smoke and peered into the radiator. “It’s also out of coolant.”
“We’re screwed,” said Bastian.
“Thanks for the professional assessment,” said Haven. “What can we do?”
“Unless there’s a tank of water in the truck and a spare starter,” said Roku, “nothing.”
Haven turned and looked in the direction they were heading. Heat shimmered over the miles of hard ground and crumbled rock between the truck and Billings.
“Should we go back to the warehouse?” she asked. “Maybe there’s another truck that wasn’t damaged.”
Roku shook his head. “We’re closer to the city than to the building. We have to walk.”
“It’s still forty miles!” said Haven. “And we don’t have any water.”
“I don’t need water,” said Roku.
Haven looked at him, her hands on her hips. She suddenly realized she was imitating an aggravated pose made famous by her mother and quickly dropped her hands to her side. “What do you mean, you don’t need it?” she asked.
“With this heat, I can draw in enough energy so I don’t have to use any of my own. I’m not sweating.”
Haven had noticed that Roku looked oddly cool in the burning heat. The rest of them were sweating bullets.
“You were sweating earlier in the warehouse,” she said.
“I was injured and I needed to focus all my energy on transferring a memory to you.”
“Yeah, cut the guy some slack,” said Bastian. He hopped off the back of the truck and stood next to Roku. “You going to do the running thing?”
“What running thing?” asked Haven.
“Roku here is a regular Flash. He does this thing where he can really book it for short periods of time, as long as he has enough energy to draw from.”
“If I don’t have enough, it starts draining internally instead of externally. I would be stealing my own life.” Roku looked up at the sun. “But this should be more than enough. I’ll get to town and come back with transportation.”
“We’ll get as far as we can on our own,” said Bastian.
Roku nodded and walked away in the direction of Billings. He took one more look up at the sun and sped up to a light jog. He picked up speed gradually, until his legs were moving so fast that Haven could hardly tell them apart. A plume of dust billowed up behind him as he shrank toward the horizon.
Haven and the others walked after him. She held up her hands to shield her eyes from the sun and wished for a cold bottle of water.
“How does he do it?” she asked. “The running thing.”
Bastian shrugged. “Roku can do a lot. Like the memory piggybacking magic he worked on you when we first met. He seems to have an understanding of the way his body interacts with the world on a biological level that no one else can begin to figure out. I think the running has something to do with the way his body distributes energy, all the way down to the amount of blood delivered to his muscles. He can control what parts get more attention if he really focuses. But he’ll burn out if he pushes too hard.”
“How long will it take?” asked Marius. He trudged forward, staring down at his feet to keep the sun off his face.
“Depends on how resourceful he is in town.”
“Marius is sorry about before,” he said suddenly.
“So am I,” said Bastian.
They continued on in silence, following Roku’s path across the hard-packed ground. Haven looked up at the blinding sun and the desire for water was temporarily forgotten behind the sincere hope that Noah and Colton were okay.



34

The smell of perfume seeped into Colton’s dreamless sleep like a thin sheet falling over a bed. It was a smell of spring flowers and rain, and he knew it belonged to his mother. He called out to her in his sleep, seeing her for a moment in front of him, smiling. Just smiling. It said more than her words ever could.
He reached out for her but she was gone.
He woke up in a small bed in the corner of a small room. There was a little vanity desk with a cracked mirror on top, a short dresser with three drawers, and a single door. Several thick, humming pipes ran along the interior walls—pipes through which a Conduit could funnel their uncontrollable energy instead of burning up with it from inside their own body.
It was his mother’s room.
Colton swung his legs over the side of the bed and sat up. He put his hand on the pillow in the depression made by his head and remembered his arrival at the Dome. His mother had lived in that very room for a time, guarded over and protected by Elena and the others; kept safe from Bernam, who would have killed her without hesitation. Colton’s Conduit ability had been taken by Bernam and given to Reece, a friend who Bernam was manipulating into an obedient follower. After that, Colton only had a short time to live. A Source or Con stripped of their ability will wither and eventually die.
Colton had been on the verge of death when his mother transferred her own Conduit energy into him. He tried to give it back to her—knowing it meant her death—but he didn’t know how. Unlike a Source, a Con can freely give their power to one who is without either ability. Colton’s mother knew how to pass her gift on to him, yet he didn’t know how to give it back.
She had died in his arms just as they were reunited for the first time since he was a boy.
A tingling sensation swept over the left side of his face. He reached up and touched his temple, feeling fresh scar tissue. It burned under his fingertips. Tracing it down, he followed a crescent moon of burnt skin past his left eye. The scar arced inward like a parenthesis cupping his eye and ended just below his cheekbone.
Kamiko.
Colton stood up and a wave of nausea swelled through his stomach. He quickly sat down and covered his mouth with one hand. There was a trash can nearby and he grabbed for it greedily, then threw up black liquid. He wiped his mouth and set the can aside, then slowly stood again. The nausea passed and he went to the door. It was locked. He rattled the doorknob and smacked his palm against the paneling.
“Hey!” he shouted, more of a croak than a word. He continued to hit the door until at last there was a soft click and the knob turned freely in his hand. Kamiko was in the next room, leaning casually against the wall with her hands at the small of her back. She stared at the wall across from her and did not acknowledge Colton as he slowly approached.
The room was narrow but long, with a single overhead fluorescent light that cast a flickering green glow upon the concrete floor and walls. A single table and chair sat pushed into a corner, long forgotten. The door at the other end of the room was solid steel, too thick to break through without his ability. Colton eyed it hungrily but stood still, waiting to see what Kamiko would do.
She turned her head lazily and looked at him with her dark eyes. Thin strands of shiny black hair hung in front of her face like wispy vines.
“What have you done to the others?” asked Colton.
She pushed off from the wall and brushed the hair away from her face, slowly, one side at a time, oblivious to the suffering of the world around her.
“What have you done to them?” she replied. Her voice purred like a kitten.
Colton took a step back, the confusion evident on his face. She moved gracefully, languidly, her every motion like a shifting pool of water, flowing seamlessly into the next.
“I told you not to try anything,” she said. “I warned you not to be a boy hero.”
“Are any of them still alive?”
She looked into his eyes. Her dark blue energy was gone, at least for the time being. She did not float over the floor as she stepped closer to him, but walked normally in slow, patient steps. Her eyes, what Colton once thought of as black holes, were now noticeably dark brown, with tiny flecks of gold around the irises.
She crossed her arms, then reached up and twirled a strand of her hair with a slender finger. “They’re alive,” she said at last. “For now. Your friend Dormer is in bad shape. He will be sedated until the work is done.”
“What about June and the others?”
She shrugged.
“What about Micah?” His voice cracked when he said the boy’s name.
“You saw him yourself,” she said, still staring at him with those deep, dark eyes.
“How could you let that happen?” he whispered, backing away. He hit the wall and stopped. “He was just a child.”
“Colton,” she scolded. “How many children do you think will die once Alistair releases his plague upon the world? How many innocent lives will be lost? What does it matter if one of them goes ahead of schedule?”
He ran at her and screamed. He got both hands around her throat and slammed her into the wall. She stared at him calmly and kneed him in the groin. He coughed out all of his air and fell to the ground in a fetal position, rocking from side to side, unable to breathe.
Kamiko knelt down and traced a sharp fingernail over his new scar. “I gave this to you so would always remember me.” She looked over his writhing body. “You don’t have to go with the others,” she said quietly, as if it embarrassed her to speak the words. “You could come with me after my work here is done.”
He looked at her like it was the most absurd thing he had ever heard, because it was. Then he saw that her face was about to twist from hope to rage at his reaction and he settled back down to the ground. He let his eyes play over her slim body, pretending to admire her every curve. She softened under his gaze, becoming more feminine in that mysterious way mastered by so many women before her.
“If you promise me they won’t die,” he said. “I’ll follow you anywhere.”
Kamiko smiled and put a gentle palm to his scar. Then she pulled him roughly to his feet and pushed him face-first into the wall.
“Don’t make me regret my decision,” she hissed in his ear. He nodded and she released him.
Kamiko walked to the steel door and hit it three times with her closed fist. A moment later, there was a loud mechanical whine and the door slowly opened. She walked out into the dome room, then stopped and turned back to Colton. He followed her, hesitantly at first, unsure of what she would do.
“Go see the Doctor,” she said. “He’s falling behind schedule.” She turned away abruptly and left him standing alone.
Three soldiers stood near the dormitory hallway. One of them leaned against the wall for support, but the others paced back and forth impatiently. The bodies of the dead soldiers still lay strewn about the floor in front of the elevator hallway door. Colton waited until Kamiko disappeared down the dormitory hallway. He walked quickly to the training room and ducked inside before anyone tried to stop him.
Micah’s body was on the cold ground. Colton picked him up gently and carried him back into the dome room. One of the soldiers stood outside the door and raised his rifle.
“Put him down,” he said.
Colton shook his head and said, “Shoot me.” He walked past the soldier with his eyes closed, hoping he didn’t catch a bullet in the back.



35

After Colton took a few more steps, he looked back. The soldier stood there, his rifle held loosely at his side.
The Grove was the only room in the Dome that had not been tainted by the arrival of Kamiko and her thugs. The grass was still as vibrant, the air as crisp and cool as the day Colton had first arrived at the underground complex.
He walked through the grid of healing trees and over the small hill on the far side. Tiny blue lights danced slowly over the surface of the still pond. Colton knelt down and laid Micah’s small body against the base of the willow tree next to Elena’s grave, as if he had simply fallen asleep for a light afternoon nap.
Colton made a silent promise to come back and bury him as soon as he could. He rested his right palm over the boy’s eyes and said goodbye.
All three soldiers were by the dormitory hallway when Colton walked out of the Grove. He went right past them. Their heads turned to follow him, but they said nothing. He walked directly to the water processing room and pushed through the door.
Adsen was still inside, rushing around his makeshift lab like a mad scientist whose creation was about to explode. He muttered to himself and did not notice Colton staring down at Dormer, who lay unconscious on a small cot next to the aluminum tables in the middle of the room. A thick plastic tube burrowed into a vein in Dormer’s arm and fed blood to a machine on the table.
“Were you working for them all along or did you switch sides at the end?” asked Colton.
Adsen let out a shriek and whirled around to face him. “Colton, good heavens! You nearly scared the life out of me!” He put his face too close to a computer monitor and read off some numbers, then scribbled the numbers on a notepad. “You shouldn’t be in here. I already told you that. You should be out there trying to stop the madness.”
“We missed our chance,” said Colton. “We were only able to get some of the soldiers. We failed.” He looked down at Dormer. Dark bruises covered his arms and neck. A large cut started over his nose and ran up his scalp, all the way to the back of his head.
“Yes,” said Adsen. “I was made aware of the…particulars.”
Colton took a step closer. “So you can stop now.”
Adsen’s pencil froze in place. He peered at Colton over the top of his reading glasses. “What do you mean, stop?”
“I mean you don’t have to prove to Kamiko that we’re cooperating. It was all just a distraction anyway, right? But we failed, so now it doesn’t matter if she knows you’re not making any progress. You need to stop working on Fade.”
Adsen sighed. “Do you know why I’m drawing blood from my brother?”
“Because you’re crazy?”
Adsen smiled without humor. “The same reason I drew blood from myself.” He rolled up his sleeve and showed Colton a dark bruise on his forearm. “Do you know what connects us, and only us?”
Colton thought for a moment. “You’re the only ones not infected with Fade.”
“Correct—well, mostly correct. I fear the only reason I am not infected is because I had no ability in the first place. They drained it out of me while I was stuck in Bernam’s facility. I am, for all intents and purposes, normal.”
“So you’re drawing Dormer’s blood to see if the improved Fade will infect it. Doesn’t take a genius to figure that one out.”
Adsen smiled at him and there was a genuine twinkle of joy in his dark pupils. “It does if creating a more powerful virus is not your true goal.” 
For the first time, Colton noticed a row of medical syringes laid out on the table. Adsen picked one up and pulled out the plunger. He selected a vial of bubbling yellow liquid from the apex position of his chemistry set and carefully tipped it into the syringe. When the small reservoir was full, Adsen replaced the vial over an open flame and put the plunger back in the syringe.
“You might want to try this,” he said, and handed Colton the syringe.
“I’m not injecting that poison into my veins.”
“Use your head, Colton. Put the pieces together quickly, before we run out of time.”
Colton concentrated as best he could. What was another reason to draw blood from an immune patient if not to learn how to infect their system?
“You made a cure.”
The smile on Adsen’s face grew into one of great pleasure and relief. “Well done, my boy. Well done.”
“But how?”
Adsen filled the other syringes, one at a time, carefully measuring out just enough liquid to fill the tiny reservoirs. He talked as he worked. “To tell you the truth, it was something of a miracle. It was only possible because the genetic makeup of the virus and the cure are nearly identical until after the very last chemical process. I was able to give Kamiko reports on exactly what I was doing as I went along, because I was, in essence, furthering the capabilities of the base virus. Only in the final report—which she has not yet received—would it become obvious that I had deviated from her orders. Here,” he said, offering the syringe to Colton. “I doubt we have much time.”
Colton took the syringe and held out his arm. He made a fist, pumping it hard until the black veins under his skin bulged out. He rested the needle over the thickest vein in his forearm and then stopped. Adsen watched him eagerly, his breath coming out in short gasps.
“What are you waiting for?” he asked.
“I’m trying to decide if you’re lying.”
“You’re already infected,” said Adsen. “What good would it do to infect you again?”
“How should I know? You’ve already lied, Adsen. Why didn’t you just tell me you were working on a cure?”
Adsen turned away and ran a hand through his slick, thinning hair. “I couldn’t risk you knowing the truth. If they took you, and—and they tortured you…” His hand went to his neck and scratched at a faint scar over his throat, usually hidden beneath his shirt collar. “I know their methods. It was too great a risk. You would have talked. I’m sorry I kept you in the dark, Colton. I’m sorry you hated me for it. But it was the only way.”
Colton stuck the needle into his vein and pushed down on the plunger. The hot yellow liquid shot into his arm, burning like acid as it surged through his veins. He dropped the empty syringe and staggered backward. Adsen watched him with a mix of horror and wonder.
“Tell me how you feel!” he whispered.
Colton smacked his lips. They had suddenly become dry as a desert. “Weird,” he said. “Like…like someone pulled out my skeleton.” He held up his fingers and squinted at them. There were twenty on each hand, wiggling back and forth like earthworms.
“Fascinating,” said Adsen. He wrote quickly on his notepad.
Colton’s vision cleared and he took a deep, long breath. “I feel like I can breathe for the first time in my life!” The air was more light and fresh than the air in the Grove had ever been. Colton felt new strength filling out his muscles, making him whole again.
“Excellent!” said Adsen.
The strange sensations left Colton as soon as they had found him and he stood there, his mind as calm and serene as the Grove pond, seeing very clearly what needed to be done. He reached out and took every syringe. He found a small black duffel bag under the table, emptied its contents, and put in the syringes.
“Wait!” said Adsen. “We need more time to see if it’s permanent!”
Colton held out his arms. The black veins that ran like snakes under his skin were already fading.
“That could mean anything,” said Adsen. “We have to be sure.”
“Run more tests, then,” said Colton. “But run them after I’m finished. And wake up your brother. We’re gonna need him.”



36

Haven stared straight ahead as she walked across the desert. The sun reflected too brightly off the ground and it burned too brightly in the sky, so she kept her focus on the wavering horizon, across the miles of cracked earth and rock and through the shimmering heat. Several times she thought she glimpsed a distant vehicle, only to see the dark splotch on the horizon fade away like vapor.
The others marched silently, lost in their own thoughts. Bastian and Haven walked side by side a few feet apart as they picked their way over loose shale and around prickly-pear cactus. Bastian had said they could eat it if they really had to, but it would be a lot easier if they could boil the spines and fry the cactus meat first. Haven said they may as well find a way to cook sand for all the trouble it took to prepare one small chunk of cactus.
Marius walked behind them and had been slowing down over time. Haven glanced back occasionally, but every time she did, Marius waved her away impatiently. His face was slick with sweat and the black veins had crept up from his neckline to cover the sides of his face.
They had been walking for four hours without a drop of water. With the amount of sweat they were each shedding, it wouldn’t be much longer before they all collapsed and died out in the middle of nowhere. Roku would come back—if he came back—to find three dried-out corpses.
Haven tried not to think about never seeing Colton again. Every time he entered her thoughts, it felt like he was pulling her back to him.
“Look,” said Bastian, pointing to the horizon.
A black shimmer appeared between the distant outline of two low mountains. Haven squinted and shielded her eyes, watching intently. She expected the mirage to waver and fade away, just like the others, but instead it grew larger. A cloud of dust rose slowly into the air behind what was most definitely a shiny black vehicle.
“I really hope that’s him,” said Bastian.
They stopped walking and waited as the vehicle drew closer. The noise of the engine carried across the flat ground; a loud growl that reached their ears long before the vehicle came to a skidding halt in front of them. Roku sat behind the wheel of a four-wheel-drive Jeep with no doors or roof. A roll-cage offered the only protection.
“Best I could find on such short notice,” he said.
Bastian whooped and jumped into the passenger’s seat. He leaned over and kissed Roku on the cheek. Roku pushed him away, disgusted, and wiped his face. Bastian hardly noticed; he was too busy messing with the air conditioner controls.
Haven waited behind Marius as he slowly climbed into the back seat, ready to help just in case he was too weak to boost himself up. He made it on his own. Haven grabbed the roll-cage bar and pulled herself up next to him.
“Good job, Roku,” she said. She reached forward and squeezed his shoulder. He smiled at her in the rear-view mirror.
“You couldn’t find one with a roof?” asked Bastian. He had the air conditioner cranked up full blast and put his face right up to the vent.
Roku looked at him, frowning, then put the Jeep into gear and made a U-turn.
Bastian hadn’t stopped smiling since he got in the car. “I thought that was the end, my friend. I thought we were done for.”
Roku picked up speed and followed his own tracks back toward Billings. He reached down near his feet and brought out three bottles of water. Haven took hers and drank all of the water in several long gulps.
“How long did it take you to reach us?” she shouted.
“Thirty minutes,” said Roku.
Sand and small rocks shot up from the back tires as Roku sped over the desert. Looking ahead, Haven saw the glimmering lines of a city.
“Where’d you get the Jeep?” asked Bastian.
“You really want to know?”
Bastian looked at the dashboard, then opened the glove box. It was empty. “This thing’s brand new! Did you steal this right off the lot? Take it for a test drive and never bring it back?”
Roku shook his head and Bastian’s smile faded. “Tell me you didn’t buy this Jeep.”
“You paid for this thing?” asked Haven, leaning forward. “How?”
Bastian’s mouth hung open in disbelief. “Come on, man! We’re down to our last bit of cash!”
“I didn’t want to steal it,” said Roku. He gripped the wheel tightly and pressed down on the accelerator.
“He didn’t want to steal it,” said Bastian to no one in particular, shaking his head. “Of course he didn’t. Always the Boy Scout. Captain Morality. Well, I hope they do refunds. And what happened to the roof?!”
“It would have taken too long to attach,” said Roku.
“How did you guys get so much money?” asked Haven.
Roku and Bastian exchanged a quick glance, and Roku nodded. Bastian turned around in the passenger’s seat. Marius was slouched down next to Haven with his arms crossed, asleep, an empty water bottle gripped tightly in hand. His head bounced lightly as the Jeep rode across the bumpy ground.
“You remember I told you about Helix Scientific?” asked Bastian. “We spoke about it briefly at the airport.”
“The company Roku used to work for,” said Haven. “I remember.”
“Yeah, well, let’s just say he didn’t exactly see eye to eye at the time of his, um, departure. He stole a couple of company credit cards on his last day and cashed them out.”
“I thought you didn’t like stealing,” said Haven to Roku. He looked at her in the rear-view mirror but remained silent.
“Stealing from a company like Helix is different than ripping off a car salesman,” said Bastian.
“What makes them so bad?”
Bastian shrugged. “Just the fact that they’re tagging and cataloguing every Source and Conduit they can find.”
“Why?”
“Because we’re easier to control if they can herd us like sheep.”
The Jeep hit a shallow divot in the ground and sand flew up over the windshield to sting Haven’s face. She rubbed it from her eyes and said, “No one at the Dome ever told me anything about them.”
“They probably didn’t know the company existed,” said Bastian. “It’s a private group, funded anonymously, with no clear purpose other than tagging Sources and Cons. Sounds harmless enough, right? Especially with that ‘Scientific’ at the end of their name. Roku spent a year undercover with them and never found out anything more than that. Even internally, they keep a tight lid on all of their operations. But I have a theory.”
“Well, let’s hear it,” said Haven.
Bastian smiled. “You won’t believe me.”
“After what I’ve seen? Give me a break.”
“I think it’s Bernam’s company.”
“Bernam’s dead. I watched Alistair kill him.”
Bastian nodded. “And yet Helix Scientific still exists. Which means control of the company has passed to someone else.”
“Alistair?”
“Maybe.”
“Seems a little small in scale for his tastes.”
“Perhaps,” said Bastian. “But tagging and cataloguing our kind would make it very easy to track us down if, say for example, he wanted to inject each of us with Fade. Anyway, Helix isn’t a major player yet, but we need to watch them closely.”
“Are most of the employees normal people?”
Bastian smiled. “‘Normal’?
“You know what I mean. Not Sources or Cons.”
“Yes. All of the upper management, anyway. They use people like Roku to do the hunting and collecting.”
“Sounds to me like all the money belongs to Roku.”
“What money?”
“The money he took from Helix. Sounds like he can buy a Jeep with it if he wants to.”
Bastian laughed. “I guess you’re right.”
“So,” said Haven. “All that time he worked for Helix, you were working for Alistair?”
Bastian’s face changed and he looked away. Haven didn’t think he was going to answer. He looked down at his open palms as if he were ashamed of himself.
“I got myself into a little bit of trouble,” he said at last. “Before I met old Rock-You here, I was a bit of a grifter. A small-time scam-artist, you could say.”
“Why doesn’t that surprise me?” asked Haven. She meant it as a joke but Bastian didn’t smile.
“There are people out there you don’t know about, Haven,” he said. “Sources and Cons who aren’t like us. They’re rotten, all the way to the core, no better than common street thugs. They form gangs and roam the streets of major cities, preying on easy targets—stealing and hurting those who can’t defend themselves.”
“You were one of them,” said Haven.
Bastian shook his head. “No. But my brother was. After my mother left us and ran off with her new boyfriend, my brother started taking drugs—heavy junk, none of that kiddy weekender fluff. He got in deep with a local drug lord. Turns out this guy’s a Con, and he uses his ability on my brother to teach him a lesson. Only afterward, my brother doesn’t wake up.”
Roku looked over at Bastian and Haven could tell by the look on his face that he had never heard the story.
Bastian spoke as if in a trance, his eyes wide and unblinking. “So I go pay the drug lord a visit. His name was Frank. Funny, right? A drug lord named Frank. Anyway, he can tell what I am before I get within twenty feet of him, and he wants to order his boys to spray me with bullets, but by then it’s too late. I’m lit up like the sun, wading through them like nothing. And then it was over. It was just me, standing there, alone.”
“What did you do after it was done?” asked Haven.
“The only thing I could do. I ran. And I didn’t stop until Alistair found me and told me that I should come work for Bernam. He paid for everything and he made my problems go away.”
“He recruited Colton as well,” said Haven. “He bailed him out of prison.”
Bastian nodded. “I have a feeling he had people like us all over the world. Little seeds he was hoping to cultivate into great big trees for his army. Alistair was my main contact. I only met Bernam once, right after I joined up. The funny thing is that I never really did anything at all for them. They told me to live my life and they would call me when they needed me. Then one day, the call finally came, and the first thing they wanted me to do was burn down someone’s house in Arizona. I didn’t go, obviously, and I spent my time running from them until Alistair finally caught me a year ago. They injected me with Fade, and then the cure. Bernam died right after that and Alistair disappeared. That’s when I met Roku, and the two of us have been quite the activists ever since.” He smiled and slapped Roku hard in the shoulder. “Ain’t that right?”
Haven sat in the back seat, stunned. “Scottsdale?” she asked weakly. Her voice sounded far away, as if it came from another person.
“I’m sorry?” said Bastian.
She swallowed hard. “Scottsdale, Arizona? Is that where they wanted you to go?”
“Yes,” said Bastian, looking at her with surprise. “How did you know?”
Roku reached over and punched him in the arm.
“Ow!” said Bastian. “What’d you hit me for?”
Roku nodded at Haven.
“Oh,” said Bastian quietly. “Haven, I’m sorry. I didn’t put the two pieces together.”
“It’s okay,” she said, and looked into his eyes. “I’m glad you told me.” In a way, it was good to know that there were people out in the world who wouldn’t sell their souls because they were simply “doing their jobs”. In another way, her parents were still dead, and that meant there were people out there in the world who enjoyed inflicting pain. For the time being, Haven chose to believe the world was filled with more good than bad, even though, recently, all of the evidence pointed in the other direction. She chose to look at it like that because it was the only way to keep from completely losing her mind.
“We’re almost there,” said Roku.
Haven looked ahead as the Jeep left the desert and hit smooth asphalt. The outskirts of civilization rose up around them—abandoned buildings and industrial lots filled with rusty machinery and old trucks. A few miles away, downtown Billings awaited.
“Good,” said Bastian. “Let’s refuel and hit the highway.”
Haven leaned over and put a hand to Marius’s forehead. His skin was burning up but he shivered, even under the bright midday sun. His eyelids opened and he smiled when he saw her. He said something in Russian and before Haven could ask what he meant, he closed his eyes again and fell asleep.
“Please hurry,” she said to Roku. She wanted Marius to see Corva one last time before Fade ran its course. She did her best to push the thought of burying them together out of her mind, but it was useless. All she saw when she closed her eyes was a row of graves, all lined up next to Elena’s in the Grove. Etched into each one was the name of someone she loved.



37

The three soldiers guarding the dormitory hallway didn’t try to stop Colton as he approached. He carried the small black duffel bag confidently and looked right at them when he passed. He could feel them staring at him and fought the urge to quicken his pace. Finally he was past the kitchen and at the fork in the hallway. Colton turned left and followed the hall until he reached Marius and Corva’s room.
He spun the wheel, pushed open the door, and went inside. June stood against the wall with an iron frying pan in her hand, ready to bring it down on his head. She let out a relieved sigh when she saw it was him and tossed the pan onto an empty chair.
“You’re lucky you aren’t one of them. I almost flattened your head.”
“Thanks for double-checking,” said Colton. He went quickly to Corva’s bed and knelt down, then unzipped the duffel bag and pulled out a handful of capped syringes.
“What are those?” asked June.
“The cure.” He handed one to her and pulled off the protective cap covering the needle. “Here, take it.”
“What?! You’re crazy.”
Colton showed her his arms, now completely free of black veins. He pulled down his shirt collar so she could see the faint grey outlines of the veins that had once been pitch black.
“Good enough for me,” she said. She inserted the needle into a vein in the crook of her arm and slowly pushed in the plunger. “It burns.”
“Yeah,” said Colton. “It gets better. In a minute you’re going to feel really good. You should probably sit down.”
“It’s already started,” said June. Her eyes crossed and uncrossed, then she sat down heavily on the nearest chair and right in the frying pan. She didn’t notice.
“What’s going on?” asked Noah. He had been hiding under a cot and stuck his head out to look up at Colton.
“Hey Noah,” said Colton. “How are you feeling?”
Noah shrugged and scratched at the floor shyly. Colton wanted to ask him how he managed to use his ability while infected with Fade. He wanted to know how Noah was able to use his ability at all, given that no Source or Con ever manifested their power before they were at least sixteen years old. The black veins that had been so prominent in Colton’s skin were only thin lines in Noah’s, and had been since he was first infected. His body had something extra to fight off the infection, even though Colton was certain that Fade would eventually win in the end.
“We found some medicine that’s going to make everyone better,” said Colton. “Come on out here and we’ll all take it together.”
Noah crawled out and sat on the cot.
Colton prepared another syringe and gently turned Corva’s face toward him. The skin on her cheeks was almost completely purple-black, and when he lifted her eyelids he only saw onyx orbs with red streaks running through them. Her arm was cold as ice as he rolled up her sleeve and found the biggest vein beneath her skin. He put the needle in slowly, watching for a reaction. Her breathing quickened and then stopped. The beating pulse that had been so clearly visible in her neck was still.
He injected the cure and held his breath with her, afraid that if he filled his lungs it would curse everything. The needle was black when he removed it from her skin. Her back arched up suddenly and she screamed. Colton put his hands on her shoulders and pushed her back down to the bed. She stared at him from behind strands of wild, white hair. Her eyes were no longer black.
“You’re going to be okay,” said Colton.
Her back arched up again, too strongly for Colton to press down, and then she collapsed. Her eyelids fluttered closed and she let out a deep, contented sigh. Colton felt for a pulse on her neck—weak, but steady, and her skin was already warming.
“Will she be okay?” asked June. She hovered over Colton’s shoulder, looking down at Corva.
“I think so,” he said. He picked up some syringes and handed them to June. “Here. For them.” He nodded toward the five comatose people on the cots around the room—the other survivors from the medical facility.
Colton administered the cure to Noah while June took the syringes and, one by one, injected the others. None of them were as bad off as Corva, but it would not have been long before Fade ran its full course. Colton sat heavily on the ground, holding Corva’s clammy hand, and closed his eyes.
They did it. They survived. And it was all thanks to Adsen, a man who Colton thought had been trying to perfect his own creation—his virus that Alistair meant to unleash upon the world. There would be a nice, fat steak in Adsen’s future, Colton was sure of it. Ten steaks, if he wanted them. There was no way to thank him enough.
A scream echoed down the long hallway. Colton stood up, his eyes fixed on the door as the scream tapered off into silence. A moment later, it started again, quiet at first, and then louder, like a demented siren cranking to full power.
“It’s Adsen,” he said, and ran out of the room.
The hallway had never seemed so long. Colton’s legs felt as if they were moving too slowly—like his own body did not want him to go any farther.
When he finally ran out of the hall and into the dome room, he immediately wished he had stayed away.
Kamiko stood in the middle of the room near the shattered fire pit, her skin shimmering with dark blue flame. Long, electric legs of lightning stretched from her back and held Adsen twenty feet off the floor. They spun him in the air slowly, like a spider cocooning its prey in slow motion. The ends of the legs crackled over his skin, leaving black char marks in their wake.
In her madness, Kamiko had released her energy with no consideration for anyone else in the room. Two of the three soldiers that had survived the earlier attack lay in a heap behind her. Their armor was burnt and fused with their skin. Thick smoke rose from their bubbling face-masks.
Adsen let out another ear-piercing scream as one of the legs brushed over his chest.
Colton ran down the corridor of shelves toward Kamiko, blind to everything else. For the first time since he had been infected, he felt the presence of his ability. As he ran, he drew from Kamiko’s energy. It radiated from her body and seeped into the room, and Colton took it in and stored it, letting it fill him like a charging battery.
He was only a few feet away from her when a rifle cracked him in the skull and he tumbled to the ground. Colton’s world threatened to go dark but he fought to stay conscious. A soldier stepped out from behind a metal shelf and stood over him. He brought his rifle up slowly. Colton knew he was going to shoot. The soldier racked a round into the chamber, then rested the butt of the rifle gently against his shoulder. He let out a deep breath as his finger found the trigger and started to squeeze.
Colton closed his eyes but no shot came. Instead there was a long whuuuUMPH, followed by a short scream. He opened his eyes and the soldier was gone. He lay in a heap on the other side of the room. Suddenly Dormer was there, helping Colton to his feet. He was a little paler than usual, but the deep cut on his head was almost completely healed.
“Let’s get him down,” he said.
Colton nodded and together they ran at Kamiko. She turned to them at the last second. Two of the lightning legs holding Adsen detached from his skin and disappeared into her body. Colton reached out for her neck and the strands shot out and slammed into his chest.
But he had been ready. He focused everything he had on absorbing her energy. There was so much raw power in her attack that he knew he couldn’t hold out for long. Dormer stood a few feet away, fighting against the same kind of attack. The long bolts of lightning held the two men in place.
Adsen screamed once more, and then was silent.
Dormer looked up at him and his concentration was broken. Kamiko’s energy surged into his torso and he launched back into the air. He smacked into the dome wall and slid down to the floor, unconscious.
Colton yelled and pushed forward, ignoring the sensation of pain that was slowly spreading out from his shoulders and down his spine. He knew Kamiko was overloading his system—knew that she was forcing more energy into his body than he could disperse. If he didn’t break free, eventually his ability would simply stop working and he would melt from the inside-out.
Kamiko’s eyes burned brighter than Colton had ever seen. Her black hair floated around her head in silken waves.
“I don’t want to hurt you,” she said.
“You sure don’t act like it,” said someone directly behind her.
Kamiko turned quickly as June grabbed her face. Two black and blue energy spheres blossomed from June’s palms and enveloped Kamiko’s head. The spheres exploded and Kamiko flew backward. The lightning sprouting from her back and the fire covering her skin instantly vanished.
Adsen fell to the floor and hit the hard concrete with a dull thud. He looked at Colton with glassy eyes. Adsen smiled—a smile full of peace; a smile of a man content with his own personal redemption. The light faded from his eyes and Colton knew he was dead.
Kamiko lay on the ground twenty feet away, groaning. June and Colton ran at her, their fists humming with built-up energy. They were still ten feet away when Kamiko screamed. A blue sphere of solid energy formed around her body. Colton and June stopped short, just outside the sphere. Kamiko was barely visible within. She stood slowly, stumbled and fell, then stood again.
Her eyes burned with rage as she looked first at June, then at Colton.
“You made a promise,” she said.
“What?” said June. She turned to Colton. “What is she talking about?”
Kamiko’s eyes shifted back to June and Colton remembered the deal he had made. Dormer groaned and tried to sit up against the wall. Kamiko’s gaze drifted over to him and the sphere flared out, widening in diameter.
June pushed her hand through the barrier and screamed. One of the lightning strands shot out of the barrier and hit her like a truck. She skidded back across the floor and slammed to a stop against the rubble of the fire pit.
“Don’t hurt them,” said Colton. He held up his palms and let his built-up energy drain visibly from his palms as he stepped toward Kamiko. “I’ll go with you.”
She smiled at him like a girl who had just been asked to the school dance. For a split second she was Kamiko the girl, and not Kamiko the psychopath.
The sphere disappeared in the blink of an eye and the lightning returned, arcing out from her back to grab at the inner walls of the dome. She beckoned Colton over. He went to her and she wrapped her arms around him, hugging him close. She rested her head on his shoulder and sighed happily.
“Hold on tight,” she said.
Colton wrapped his arms around her as their feet slowly lifted off the floor. The lightning scraped along the surface of the dome wall like the inside of a plasma globe. It carried them up toward the hole in the ceiling and out into the sunlight. Colton looked down as Kamiko set them at the edge of the hole. Down in the darkness, he saw June crawling across the floor toward Dormer. She reached him and looked up at Colton.
Tears streamed down her face. She turned away and tried to get Dormer to wake up.
The distant sound of a helicopter drew nearer. Colton shielded his eyes from the sun to look up as the aircraft approached and set down nearby. Kamiko stood a few feet away, staring at Colton. After one last look into the dome room, he turned away. Kamiko held out her hand for him and he stopped. Her smile faltered just enough to be noticeable. Colton took her hand and allowed her to lead him away from the only place in the world that felt like home.



38

The Jeep was a mile away from the Dome when Haven saw the helicopter take off. She knew the stop to refuel in Billings would cost them, but there had been no other choice.
The chopper was long and sleek, with two heavy machine guns jutting out from the front. It made a slow circle over the Dome, like a buzzard circling a corpse. As the helicopter turned, Haven suddenly knew that Colton was inside. She felt it in her bones.
“Drive faster!” shouted Haven. She stood up in the back seat and held onto the roll cage bar. The Jeep bounced harshly over the rough ground leading up to the Dome.
“It’s too late,” said Bastian.
He was right. The chopper rose quickly into the air flew in the opposite direction. By the time Roku pulled the Jeep next to the massive hole in the ceiling of the dome room, the helicopter was nothing more than a shrinking black speck in the sky.
Haven jumped out of the Jeep and ran to the hole. She fell to her knees and peered over the ragged edge. The only light in the dome room was coming from the hole in the ceiling. A thick shaft of bright light pierced the gloom, illuminating a broad circle of the floor. Dormer and another woman—Haven realized she was one of the medical facility survivors—sat against the wall at the edge of the light, looking up.
“The ladder’s gone,” shouted the woman. “She melted half the stuff in here when she left.”
“Is my brother okay?”
“Noah’s fine.”
Haven hesitated before asking her next question. She was certain she already knew the answer. “And Colton?”
There was a long pause. “Kamiko took him,” said Dormer.
Haven looked up at the sky, but the helicopter was gone. Nothing but clear, empty blue as far as she could see.
“Haven,” said Dormer. She looked back down. “There’s a cure. Everyone here was inoculated.”
Her breath escaped her and she felt like she was going to cry from relief. “Do—do you have any more?” she asked. Her voice was shaking and she covered her mouth with her hand. Tears squeezed out of the corners of her closed eyes.
“Just enough for Marius,” said the woman. “Kamiko destroyed everything else.”
Haven couldn’t speak. She nodded and walked back to the Jeep. Only after she was a few feet away from the hole could she take a deep breath and begin to calm herself down. Marius stirred in the back of the Jeep. His eyes opened when Haven gently brushed his cheek with the back of her hand. His face was icy cold.
“There’s a cure,” said Haven. “They have it below. But the ladder’s gone. We need to find a way down and then we’ll get you to Corva, okay?”
Marius rested his head against the seat and nodded weakly. He closed his eyes and shivered despite the heat.
“What do we do?” asked Bastian.
“Let’s try the garage,” said Haven.
She hopped up into the Jeep and Roku drove over to the small, rocky mountain nearby. The garage roll-up door at the base of the mountain was in good condition except for a big dent right in the middle. Roku and Bastian went to either side of the door and forced it open inch by inch. It groaned as they pushed it upward until there was finally enough room to get into the garage.
“Well, that’s just great,” said Haven after she walked inside.
Dormer’s black sedan—or what was left of it—was parked next to several large chunks of concrete that had fallen from the ceiling. The frame of the car had been liquefied until all that remained was a mound of wrinkled black metal. It looked like a melted candle.
“So they parked the car and then melted it.”
Bastian shook his head. “Some people, right?”
All of the shelves lining the walls of the garage had been overturned and some of the walls had crumbled inward, revealing wet, red clay. Part of the roof lay in huge pieces against the elevator cage which led down to the main dome room. The front of the cage was bent inward until it almost touched the back.
“Let’s find some rope to lower us through the hole,” said Haven. “The elevator is useless.”
She poked around the rubble, searching for anything that would help them descend into the Dome. Bastian stood still, staring at the elevator.
“You going to help, or what?” she asked.
“There’s a winch on the front of the Jeep,” he said.
“You want to lower us with the winch?”
“We can pull this debris away with the Jeep and maybe coax that cage back into shape, and bingo.”
Haven looked outside at the Jeep, then at the pile of concrete in front of the elevator. “Worth a shot,” she said.
A minute later Bastian was back in the garage, pulling a long steel cable that was attached to a spool under the Jeep’s front bumper. Roku drove the Jeep slowly forward and got close to the garage. He waited behind the wheel while Bastian and Haven ran the steel cable around the largest piece of concrete blocking the elevator. Bastian fed the cable under to Haven and she looped it back over the top, then he connected the large metal hook to the cable, creating a giant lasso around the chunk of debris.
Bastian gave a thumb’s up and Roku flipped a switch in the Jeep. The spool reeled back in, pulling the excess cable until it became taught. He shifted the Jeep into reverse and backed slowly away from the garage.
The huge chunk of concrete scraped loudly over the floor, pushing smaller chunks out of its way like a glacier cutting through icy water. It hit the side of the melted black sedan and stopped. The steel cable groaned and there was a loud TWANG as the winch snapped off the front of the Jeep. Roku got out and looked down at it, frowning.
“Maybe you should get your money back,” said Bastian, grinning.
“It’s okay,” said Haven. “I think that cleared enough room.”
She went to the elevator and put her hands against the bent metal cage. Bastian stood next to her and did the same. The cage bars glowed blue and yellow as Haven and Bastian used their energies to heat the metal. They bent the bars back into their rightful places one at a time, as if the cage was made of molding clay.
They removed their hands and the cage bars cooled quickly, losing their glow and hardening into place.
“I’ll get Marius,” said Haven. She went back to the Jeep. Marius was already standing next to it, swaying slightly on his feet.
“Everything good?” he asked.
“It’s getting better,” said Haven. She took his arm and helped support his weight as they walked to the elevator. Marius breathed slowly and heavily, like a man in a deep sleep. His eyes were glazed over as if he were drunk. They got into the elevator with Roku and Bastian.
“Let’s hope this piece of junk still works,” said Haven.
Bastian lowered the cage door. A small control panel was welded onto one of the cage bars, and a small silver key dangled next to a red button. Bastian turned the key and the button lit up. He smiled and pushed down on it until the elevator lurched in place. For a split second, Haven thought they were going to break free of the supports and plummet to their deaths. To go through everything they had endured only to be flattened like pancakes right at the very end struck her as universally cruel.
The elevator jumped again, then slowly moved down the shaft. Haven let out a sigh of relief when it finally touched bottom and the door slid up.
“First floor, Housewares,” said Bastian. He stepped aside so Haven could help Marius out into the long, wide hallway that led to the rest of the Dome.
The four of them walked in silence, their footsteps echoing down the corridor. The end of the hallway was destroyed. The large door lay on its side in three separate pieces. Haven stepped over the rubble and brought Marius to the wall next to Dormer and the woman from the medical facility. She eased him down and brushed her hands off against her jeans.
“Is the cure for real?” she asked.
Dormer nodded. “It’s for real.”
Bastian put his hand on Roku’s shoulder and led him away. They spoke quietly to each other, just out of earshot.
The woman from the medical facility crouched next to Marius holding a syringe containing clear yellow liquid. “I’m June,” she said. She injected Marius with the serum. He smiled at her but was too weak to speak. “Nice to meet you, too,” she said.
“Where is everyone?” asked Haven.
“In their rooms,” said Dormer. “Resting. Fade hit some of them harder than the others.”
“But are they okay?”
Dormer looked away. “Micah and Adsen are dead.”
“What?” whispered Haven. “H—How?”
“Micah was trying to protect us,” said June. She put the cap back on Marius’s syringe and set it aside. “One of the soldiers thought it was a bad idea.” She stood up abruptly. “I’ll go check on the others.” She walked away, toward the dormitory hallway.
“What about Adsen?” asked Haven.
“He was supposed to be working on a way to make Fade more lethal,” said Dormer. “Instead he lied to Kamiko and produced a cure. She found out after it was too late to stop him, but that didn’t matter. She killed him anyway.”
“I’m so sorry.”
Dormer smiled weakly, then he looked at her for a long moment. “I’m glad you’re back.”
“So am I.”
“Listen, there’s something you should know about Noah.”
“What happened? I thought you said everyone was okay!”
“They are, they are. It’s just that—well, after Micah was killed, Noah displayed some of his ability.”
“What do you mean? He’s just a boy, there’s no way he can—”
“Haven!”
She turned as Noah ran across the room and leapt into her arms. She hugged him so tightly that he coughed. “Oh!” she said, loosening her grip. “Oh, Noah, I’m sorry! I was just so happy to see you!” She kissed his forehead and his cheeks. He wiggled away from her and then came back in and gave her a big hug.
“I missed you,” he said.
“I missed you more.” She kissed the top of his head.
“Micah’s gone.”
“I know, sweetie. I know.” She held him as close as she could. She wanted him to stay a little boy forever, or at least for a few more years. Noah shouldn’t have to deal with any of the problems that plagued her and the other adults in the Dome. He was just a sweet little boy who never asked to be cursed and never did anything to deserve the Nova ability. Haven wondered if he would ever be safe once people found out the truth.
Marius suddenly cried out and sat straight up as if someone had splashed a bucket of ice water over his face. He looked around, confused, like it was his first time in the Dome. “What?” he said.
“It’s okay, Marius,” said Haven. “You’ve been given the cure.”
“Corva!” he shouted.
“She’s fine,” said Dormer. “Recovering nicely.”
Haven reluctantly released Noah and looked into his eyes. “Noah, would you mind taking Marius back to see Corva?”
Noah nodded and held out his hand. Marius took it and stood up. He allowed the small boy to lead him through the rubble and down the dormitory hallway.
Haven turned to Dormer. “Where did Kamiko take Colton?”
He winced in pain as he stood. “Come. I have something to show you.”
Roku and Bastian fell into step behind her as she followed Dormer into the water processing room. A broken cot lay against one of the water tanks. The middle of the room was a mess of smashed equipment and broken glass. At the very top of the pile rested a single piece of paper with strange markings written on one side. Dormer plucked it from the pile and handed it to Haven.
“This was waiting for us after Kamiko left. She must have known she wouldn’t be here much longer.”
“Is this Japanese?” asked Haven. She looked up in frustration. “I have no idea what it says! Why leave a message in another language?”
“Because she knows I can read it,” said Roku. Everyone looked at him. “She must have known I was with you.”
Haven almost asked how they knew each other, then she saw the pained look on Roku’s face and thought better of it. She handed him the piece of paper.
He studied it carefully. “These are coordinates. Longitude and latitude.”
“Coordinates for what?”
“The rest of the message might reveal the answer.”
“Well, come on!” said Bastian. “Out with it!”
Roku looked at Haven. “Kamiko wants you to know that she has Colton and will keep him as her own until the day you feel strong enough to challenge her. The coordinates on this note are the location where he is being held.”
“What are they?” asked Dormer. He kicked away some of the rubble and found a stack of papers strewn across the floor. He flipped through the pages and pulled out a map. Roku read off some numbers and Dormer made a small black X with a pencil, not too far from the Dome’s location. “That can’t be right,” he said.
“What’s wrong?”
“Those coordinates are in the exact same spot as Bernam’s old headquarters. You remember the black building connected to the medical facility?”
“The one I blew up,” said Haven. “Yeah, I remember. The whole place melted into the ground.”
“It would seem that is where Kamiko is waiting.”
The doors opened and June and Marius walked into the room. The blackish, poisoned tint was already fading from Marius’s skin. His eyes were bright and alert.
“Corva is alive,” he said. His voice caught in his throat as he turned to Dormer and said, “Marius is sorry about your brother. To do such a thing, to make this cure, he is a hero.”
Dormer nodded.
“So,” said Marius. He turned to Haven. “What will you do?”
“I’m going to bring Colton back. And I’m going to make sure Kamiko never hurts anyone else ever again.”
“I’ll take a piece of that action,” said Bastian.
“Me too,” said Roku.
“I feel I owe it to my brother to pay her a little visit,” said Dormer.
“What about you, Marius?” asked Haven.
He shook his head, somewhat sadly. “I am not leaving Corva again. I will stay.”
“So will I,” said June. “I’ll watch out for Noah and the others while you four take care of business.”
“Thank you,” said Haven. She turned to Roku, Bastian, and Dormer. “Well boys, let’s go finish what Kamiko started.”



39

Colton looked out a window in the helicopter as the Jeep drive up to the Dome and stopped next to the hole in the ground. The helicopter rose higher into the air until the Jeep became a speck, then disappeared far below. He imagined Haven stepping up next to the hole and looking in; he could picture her face when she saw the ruin within—her second home to be attacked by people who wanted her dead or as a lab specimen.
Colton turned away from the window and settled back in his seat. Kamiko sat across the cabin, staring at him. The passenger area of the chopper looked like the inside of a luxury van, which struck Colton as odd for many reasons, the biggest being the twin machine guns sticking out from the aircraft’s nose. Each seat was made from molded leather and swiveled freely. Kamiko turned hers slowly back and forth and chewed on some of her hair.
“Do you love her?” she asked suddenly.
Colton said, “Who?” even though he knew exactly who she meant.
Kamiko tilted her head to the side and smiled. “True love doesn’t exist, you know.”
“Is that what Alistair told you?”
She laughed; a soft, feminine sound. “He didn’t have to tell me. I already knew.”
“Who broke your heart?”
Her smile faded and her eyes darkened.
“Whoever he is,” said Colton, “or was, I hope he didn’t learn the hard way that it’s a bad idea to make you angry.”
She smiled again and looked up at the ceiling. Colton thought he saw tears welling up in her eyes. There was a faint flash of blue from her pupils and her eyes were dry again.
“Most men are intimidated by me,” she said.
“No kidding.”
“But you are not.”
“I’ve been around plenty of crazy.”
A thin strand of lightning cracked out from her hand like a whip and slashed him across the face, then disappeared just as quickly. His skin sizzled where it struck his cheek.
“Perhaps you want another scar to match the one I already gave you,” said Kamiko. Her breath hissed out through her clenched teeth and she shook with anger. A moment later, the anger vanished, and she was turning her chair slowly from side to side as if nothing had happened.
Colton touched the crescent scar on the side of his face. “Where are we going?” he asked.
“My home.”
“And how is the underworld this time of year?”
Another lightning whip snapped out, but Colton was ready. He absorbed the blow easily and felt renewed by the powerful energy that filled his veins. The whip crackled across his skin as Kamiko tried to hurt him, then she gave up and the lightning dissipated into the air as if blown away by a calm wind.
“You learn quickly,” she said. Colton thought he heard a hint of appreciation in her voice.
He looked out the window and tried to force himself to think about other things. Kamiko closed her eyes and appeared to be sleeping. Colton looked toward the front of the helicopter. The cockpit was closed off from the rest of the chopper—the only way to take out the pilot would be to go outside and back in through one of the doors up front. As if Kamiko were reading his mind, she opened her eyes and shook her head ever so slightly.
The helicopter slowly descended. The ground below turned from a light beige to a darker clay color, with less plant life and more hulking boulders dotting the landscape. Colton had a sinking feeling that he recognized the area—as much as anyone could recognize a generic patch of nowhere in the middle of Montana—and as the helicopter touched down, he was certain he knew where they were going.
“But it was destroyed,” he said.
Kamiko stood and gently touched his scar. She smiled and pulled the door open. Wind from the blades blasted into the cabin and Colton held his head down as he followed Kamiko outside.
A tall building stood over the ruins of Bernam’s old headquarters. The mirrored, modern architecture of his square office had been replaced with a palatial spire of twisting black metal that reached up toward the sky like the turret of a futuristic castle. The sides of the building were lined with solar panels that hugged and encircled the building every few feet up its length like enormous belts.
“What do you think?” shouted Kamiko over the helicopter noise.
Colton couldn’t answer. His voice had died in his throat as he looked up at the powerful building. Something about it made him feel that it would be pointless to resist any organization that could construct such a thing.
The helicopter lifted off and flew away as Kamiko led Colton to the base of the building. A flat black door rested in a deep groove. Three security cameras looked down at them as they stood outside, waiting. She looked right into one of the cameras and a small light below the lens flashed green. There was a deep metal clank and the door swung inward. Colton followed Kamiko into the darkness of a cool hallway, dark except for a dim red light glowing somewhere far above. It felt more like the entrance to a nightclub than to a villain’s lair.
She walked down the long hallway, Colton following closely behind. He looked up and saw the ceiling was a hundred feet from the narrow floor. Cameras hidden behind black domes dotted the ceiling every few feet, just barely visible in the dim red light—and something else was up there as well. Small objects with holes in the center. Colton realized they were sentry guns. They were aimed down at the floor at different angles so any unwanted guests would have to cross through a sheet of bullets to get past the hallway.
The door at the end of the hall opened automatically as Kamiko approached. Colton stepped through the doorway, expecting a maze of claustrophobic tunnels that led to countless rooms. Instead, the inside of the building was mostly hollow.
Like an ancient cathedral, the floor was open to the peak of the spire far above. Supporting arches ringed the massive floor and helped to support the walls, but higher up, the building tapered inward and supported itself. Colton imagined it was like being inside the shell of a skyscraper shaped like a giant rocket. The polished floor was multi-tiered, with steps leading up and down between different levels. There was a lounge area up a small flight of stairs to his left and a command center with rows of tables topped with sleek black computers to his right. The highest level was against the far wall up a steep flight of steps—a bedroom with a dozen byōbu folding screens used as walls. The byōbu were painted with vibrant colors and depicted forest scenes filled with animals. One of them showed a large feathered bird rising up into the air, its bright feathers burning with blue fire.
“Where is everyone?” asked Colton. He was expecting his voice to echo throughout the empty chamber, but instead it seemed to die inches from his face. The room was soundproofed.
“You killed them at the Dome,” she said without anger. She walked up the set of steps to her left and Colton followed. The wide, circular lounge area was lined with black, overstuffed couches, black end tables, and even blacker coffee tables.
“I think I know your favorite color,” said Colton.
Kamiko looked at him demurely and sat on a couch. Her slender frame barely made a dent in its plush fabric.
“Who’s going to push all those buttons?” he asked, pointing over to the command center. Red lights flashed across racks filled with various equipment.
“Alistair will send someone. He always does.” She ran her finger in small circles on the seat next to her. “But now I have you to keep me company, haven’t I?”
“Why do you work for him in the first place?”
She looked at him knowingly. “Are you trying to appeal to my reasonable side?”
“Maybe.”
“I can assure you, I have none.”
Blood rushed to Colton’s face. “You must want something! Who teams up with a guy like Alistair? You think he cares about you or anyone else who does his bidding? He would toss you aside like garbage if he thought he couldn’t use you. He probably will anyway, once he’s finished.”
“Then he is no different from anyone else in this world,” said Kamiko. “You think people care about you, Colton? They don’t. They only care about what you can do for them. I was lucky enough to realize that truth before it was too late.”
“So now you just get what you can, while you can. Is that about it?”
“It’s the perfect relationship,” she said. “He gets what he wants, and I get what I want.”
“So you do want something.”
She smiled again and turned away slightly. Colton couldn’t tell if she was trying to flirt with him or if she was just plain crazy. “Every girl does,” she said.
“Well?”
“You’re going to make me say it?”
“Yeah.”
“I want you to stay with me.”
Colton looked at her for a long time, pretending to think it over. She waited with a hopeful gleam in her eyes. He let her wait a little bit longer. “Why do you want Haven so badly, anyway?” he asked.
Kamiko grinned wickedly. “You’re smart enough to figure it out.”
“Maybe I’m not.”
She sighed. “Why would any girl with blue flame want to be the only girl with blue flame in the world?”
Colton’s eyes widened with understanding. “So the Phoenix power would be forced to go to you.”
She nodded. “I simply want to eliminate my competition.”
“But I thought you already—” and then he stopped. Dormer and everyone else at the Dome thought Kamiko had already received the Phoenix power instead of Haven. She was so strong that it was an easy assumption to make. But if she didn’t have it, and neither did Haven, then who did? Was it possible that no one had received the ability?
“Already what?” asked Kamiko.
“Nothing,” said Colton. “It was nothing.”
She eyed him suspiciously.
“So,” he continued, “what do you think Alistair’s going to do with you when he finds out you didn’t improve the virus?”
Kamiko shrugged and inspected her fingernails. “I’m not worried about it.”
“You should be.”
“He needs me,” she said.
“But for how long? What happens when his charity runs out?”
“I’ll be long gone by then.” She crossed her arms and glared at him. “So what is your answer?”
“Answer for what?”
Anger flashed quickly over her face. “Will you stay?”
Colton sighed and looked up at the ceiling. “Nah,” he said at last, then looked into Kamiko’s eyes. “I’m in love with somebody else—the person you were looking for the moment you set foot in the Dome. I don’t know how many girls with blue flame you killed before you started looking for Haven, but I promise that you’ll never get your hands on her as long as I’m around.”
Dark blue fire ignited from Kamiko’s skin and swept over her body as if she had been doused with kerosene and set ablaze. Her eyes looked like swirling pits of blue lava. The energy coursing through her body was so intense that Colton could see the outline of her bones through her glowing blue skin.
She stood, fists clenched, and leaned over him. He backed away from the heat. It burned his eyes and made him sweat. The table he was sitting on burst into flames. He kicked it away and fell to the floor.
Over in the command center, there was a ping, and a soft, mechanical voice said, “Proximity…alert. Proximity…alert.”
Kamiko smiled down at Colton and tiny bolts of lightning crackled over her teeth. “You were saying?”



40

The black tower loomed ahead, thrust upward from the desert like a spear. Dormer drove the Jeep straight toward the building. None of the four passengers had said a word since they left the Dome. Haven rode in the passenger’s seat and tried not to think that Colton might be dead. Roku and Bastian sat in the back, each absorbed in their own thoughts.
A heavy weight of seriousness had settled over all of them when the black building first appeared on the horizon. It had been built atop the ruins of the blocky, mirrored headquarters of Bernam, Alistair’s old boss. Haven and Alistair had destroyed that building in a vicious fight—a fight that should have killed him.
The top of the tower glinted in the sunlight like a beacon, calling Haven to her fate, whatever that might be. Two Sources and two Conduits—each of the others among the strongest she’d ever met— should be more than enough to handle Kamiko.
Then why are you so nervous? thought Haven.
She didn’t have an answer. All she had were sweaty palms and a fluttering stomach. She wanted to get everything over with so she could go back to the Dome and sit with Colton under the Grove willow. He was the one who had suggested the correct way to bring the floating blue lights into existence, although she hadn’t had a chance to tell him yet. Haven and Colton had wandered out to the willow tree late one night to pay their respects to Elena. Afterward, they ended up sitting at the edge of the teardrop pond under the willow, and Colton offered one of his many suggestions on how to create the lights. Haven had returned to the pond the next day and was surprised to find that he had finally given her the answer. Hers couldn’t float up into the air like Elena’s—not yet, anyway—but they could dance over the surface of the pond like tiny blue fireflies.
Haven smiled and tried to keep the warm memory at the forefront of her mind as she looked up at the black building. She could see no obvious entrance at the base. It appeared as if the entire bottom of the outer wall was a series of pits and grooves, almost as if the architect had scooped out huge pieces of material with an enormous spoon.
A plume of red sand erupted next to the Jeep and a machine gun with a rotating barrel rose quickly from the ground. The gun swung around to track the Jeep and the barrel gave off a high-pitched drone as it spun to a blur.
“Sentry guns!” shouted Bastian. He stood up in the back seat and stuck his arms out toward the long barrel of the gun. Bright yellow orbs of plasma grew from his shoulders and moved quickly down to his closed fists. He slammed his fists together and a jet of molten energy shot out toward the gun. The sentry gun managed to fire off a single bullet. It sank into the side of the Jeep with a loud THONK right before the stream of energy hit the barrel of the gun and liquefied the metal.
“So much for the surprise attack,” said Bastian. He sat down in the back seat and the yellow orbs shrank and disappeared into his hands.
“How do we get in?” asked Haven.
Dormer drove the Jeep up to the base of the building and circled it slowly, looking for a door. Another gun popped out of the ground ahead of them but Haven was quick enough to hit it before it rose all the way up. A quick burst of blue plasma and the gun was a glowing puddle of liquid metal.
“We might have to make our own entrance,” said Dormer.
He drove past a deep groove at the base of the building and a door suddenly swung inward. Dormer hit the brakes and the four of them sat there, staring into a dark hallway.
“I don’t know about that,” said Bastian.
“She is very treacherous,” said Roku. “We should be careful.”
Haven looked up at the building. The surface was smooth all the way to the top—there was no way to climb high enough to get to a vulnerable window for access, if there were any vulnerable windows at all.
“I don’t think we have much choice,” she said.
“You go first, then,” said Bastian with a grin.
“I’ll go first,” said Dormer. He got out of the Jeep and approached the door. The others followed and stood close behind as he leaned over the threshold and squinted down the dark hallway. He took a few hesitant steps inside.
Haven walked past the door and looked up. “Tall ceiling,” she said. “Security cameras. Kamiko definitely knows we’re here.”
“Of course I do,” said Kamiko from above. Haven and the others jumped at the sound and looked up quickly. Speakers embedded in the walls of the hallway played a tinny, metallic version of Kamiko’s voice. “I hope the trip was worth it,” she said with obvious amusement. “It will be the last journey you’ll ever make. Well, not including death, of course.”
“She had to spell it out for us,” said Bastian, shaking his head.
“Where’s Colton?!” shouted Haven.
There was a pause. Then, “Why don’t you come and see? I’ll be waiting.”
The speakers went silent.
Dormer led them farther down the hallway. When they were about halfway, a distant whirring noise came down from high above their heads.
“That sounds familiar…” said Bastian.
Haven looked up and saw the small objects between the security cameras on the ceiling. “Run!” she screamed.
The guns in the ceiling opened fire. Bullets rained down from above, hitting the floor and ricocheting back and forth between the walls. The surfaces of the hallway had been intentionally lined with bulletproof material and the bullets easily bounced off, as if they were made of rubber.
“Stay close!” shouted Dormer.
Haven huddled against his back as he ran forward. Her eyes were only open for a part of the time, and she caught glimpses of bullets sparking off the walls and then bouncing away inches in front of her face. Suddenly Dormer stopped and Haven nearly pushed him over as her momentum carried her forward. The guns stopped firing and the last of the bullets clattered to the ground. Dormer put his hands on Haven’s shoulders until she steadied.
They were at the end of the long hallway. Bastian stood by a closed, black door and quickly patted down his entire body, looking for holes. “Hah!” he said, then slapped Roku on the back. He nodded at Dormer. “That did the trick, didn’t it?”
The door behind him opened and he was yanked out of the hallway, his eyes wide with terror. He left a yellow stream of energy in his wake, which flowed through the air like a snake into the next room.
“No!” screamed Roku.
He lunged forward to grab Bastian, but it was already too late.



41

Haven hurried through the doorway and into an enormous circular room with a vaulted ceiling that ran unobstructed all the way to the top of the building. Across the room and up a small flight of stairs, Colton sat chained to a chair. A thick strip of black tape covered his mouth. He saw Haven and shook against the chains as he struggled to free himself.
Kamiko hovered in the air thirty feet off the ground, suspended over the middle of the room by long strands of lightning that extended from her back and arced down to the floor. She held Bastian in front of her like a rag doll. His body was limp in her hands. Two strands of lightning extended from her shoulders and burrowed into his temples. He moaned softly and turned his head away.
Roku pushed past Haven and raised his fists. Haven joined him, allowing her energy to flow to her hands, ready for release.
Kamiko’s eyes sparked with lightning. She brought back her arm as if she meant to throw a baseball, only what she threw was a ball of lightning the size of a small car. Dormer grabbed Haven’s arm and tried to pull her back but it was too late. The ball of lightning flew through the air and hit Haven full-force. She was knocked backward to the ground, paralyzed as if she had been hit with a giant taser gun. The lightning passed over her and hit the wall, exploding the hallway door. Huge chunks of metal and concrete burst into the room. Debris hit Roku and Dormer from behind and pushed them to the floor. They struggled to get out from under the heavy rubble.
The lightning around Haven died and the room became just quiet enough to hear Bastian whisper, “I don’t want to die.”
Kamiko held his chin in her hands and turned his head until he was staring directly into her eyes. “Then you shouldn’t have come here.” She opened her mouth in a silent scream and blue energy poured out to envelop Bastian’s entire body.
Roku stumbled to his feet. He banged against a table as he tried to walk forward. Haven pushed herself up and fell right back over. Her muscles were still jerking in spasms from the lightning. Bastian screamed, and then there was silence. Kamiko was alone in the air. Bastian was gone.
“Who’s next?” said Kamiko. She sounded bored.
Blue energy covered Haven’s body like a new layer of skin. Kamiko smiled when she looked down and saw Haven approaching. Then she noticed Roku circling around to the other side of the room and her smile slowly faded. Roku looked up at her with a mixture of hatred and love.
“I never thought I’d see you again,” said Kamiko. More strands of lightning grew out from her back and grabbed onto the walls. She hovered lower, moving toward Roku gracefully.
“I always knew we would be together,” said Roku. “One last time.”
She saw something in his face that made her angry. She scowled at him and brilliant blue energy shot out from her back and arced over her head. It crashed against him—but he remained standing. The energy hit the center of his chest and he absorbed all of it. A bright blue aura surrounded his body as he walked toward Kamiko. She lowered herself closer to the ground as he approached. Soon his eyes were as luminescent as hers—two small blue stars emitting enough heat to melt steel.
Haven tried to lift a large piece of concrete on top of Dormer. He helped push up one corner and managed to scoot out just before Haven lost her grip and let go. The concrete slammed down to the floor, sending up a cloud of dust.
Dormer coughed and pulled Haven closer to him. “Hit her now,” he said. “We might not get another chance.”
“He’s her counterpart,” said Haven. That was why Kamiko’s energy wasn’t vaporizing Roku upon contact. They were a Source and a Conduit who had found each other in the world—against all odds, they had once been together.
Haven looked over at Colton. He struggled helplessly against the heavy chains that bound him. She wanted to run over and melt away the chains, but between them was Kamiko, and Haven was sure she would never be able to reach him in time. Faint blue fire sparked from his hands as he tried to use some of Kamiko’s excess energy to melt the chains, but it wasn’t working.
In the middle of the room, Roku and Kamiko were almost touching. The energy she fired in his direction shot up from him like a pillar of dark blue light. He walked toward her with his fists clenched. His eyes of blue fire were hard and unforgiving. For a fleeting moment, Kamiko’s face seemed to soften. She looked suddenly tired and alone, like she had been lost for years and had suddenly found her way back to her home.
“You left me,” she said.
“I had to,” said Roku. “Look what you’ve become.”
She screamed at him. New strands of lightning burst from her body and slammed into his chest. The tips crawled over him, searching for a way to burn his skin.
He turned to Haven. “Do it!” he shouted.
Kamiko’s trance was broken. She turned her head just as Dormer and Haven gave her everything they had. Haven’s wings spread behind her. They opened up into the air, fanning out like giant blades of light. Her vision went blue as she let go. There was no need to visualize the sphere of energy in her mind’s eye—no need to call it forth to the forefront of her imagination and draw the fire from its core.
The energy came to her naturally, without thought or concentration. It erupted from her fists like a volcanic stream, twisting through the air and hitting Kamiko in the head.
Dormer must have been storing up as much of Kamiko’s energy as he could safely retain since they first arrived. A wide tunnel of black energy laced with blue lightning exploded from his chest and hit Kamiko in the stomach.
The four of them remained in those spots, frozen like a painting: Dormer and Haven unleashing their powers against Kamiko, and she, hovering in the air with dozens of lightning bolts reaching out from her body, putting everything she had into destroying Roku. He stood before her, funneling the powerful energy upward, holding his ground against her malicious onslaught.
One of the four had to weaken eventually, and Haven was determined it wouldn’t be her. She grit her teeth as more energy flowed down her arms and shot into the steady stream hitting Kamiko. Her wings pulsed with her exertion, lighting up the entire room in bright flashes.
It went on like that for what seemed like minutes.
Roku looked up at Kamiko and smiled sadly. He closed his eyes. Suddenly, the energy he was funneling disappeared. He was no longer absorbing and dispersing—he was completely blocking her energy flow. Everything she aimed at him hit his skin and disappeared.
Kamiko looked confused for a second, and then she tried to back away, but she wasn’t able to cut off her assault in time. The stream of dark blue plasma that connected her to Roku suddenly reversed directions. All of the hair on Haven’s skin stood up on end as a massive electrical shift crackled through the air.
Roku grabbed Kamiko and pulled her close. She struggled to push away but he held her there in a tight embrace. Their bodies vibrated rapidly, like plucked guitar strings. The vibration traveled through the floor and into Haven’s bones.
Dormer’s stream of energy broke off and he reached for Haven. He shouted something but she couldn’t hear him. In the middle of the room, a blue ball of light had completely engulfed Kamiko and Roku. Kamiko screamed and the ball exploded like a star going nova. A shockwave of energy ripped through the room. Haven and Dormer were thrown back. They slammed into the wall and fell to the ground. Colton’s chair fell over backward and skid across the floor until it crashed into the side of a couch.
Bits of debris crumbled to the ground near Haven’s head. Dormer lay next to her, groaning softly. His eyelids fluttered open and he saw Haven.
“Are you alright?” he whispered.
She nodded and they helped each other up. Roku and Kamiko lay apart in the middle of the room, forced away from each other by the blast. Roku lay on his back with his eyes open, staring up blankly to the far-away ceiling. A thick smear of blood ran from one side of his mouth and down his face. Haven could tell, even from a distance, that he wasn’t breathing.
Kamiko lay face-down, unmoving. Haven and Dormer approached her slowly.
“I’m almost out,” said Haven. She reached deep within herself to summon more energy. Residual traces of power tugged at her from deep within, but she knew she needed more time to call on anything powerful enough to put up a good fight.
“Same here,” said Dormer. He held his left arm close to his body as they walked. Haven thought she had heard the crack of bone when they hit the wall.
Across the room, Colton stirred. He wriggled in his chair against the chains. He managed to get one of his arms free and scoot the chair around so he could see the rest of the room. His eyes met Haven’s and she stopped walking. She wanted to say something but didn’t know the right words.
Colton saw what they meant to do, then he looked down at Kamiko. Her face was toward him. He watched her for a moment, then his eyes opened wide. He quickly peeled off the tape covering his mouth and shouted, “She’s awake!”
Dormer lunged for Kamiko just as she turned and saw Haven. She grinned and blue energy blossomed from her body. Another shockwave exploded outward and knocked Haven and Dormer to the floor. Two thick strands of blue flame licked out from Kamiko’s back like giant snakes. One hit Dormer in the neck and slammed his head against the floor. The other opened its wide jaws and lunged at Haven’s face.



42

Colton used his free hand to loosen another chain that kept him bound to the chair. He lay on his side next to a couch, squirming to get free. A blue shockwave slammed into him and pushed his chair back another few feet. It scraped along the couch until he was able to grab one of the legs and stop himself.
Across the room, Kamiko slowly got to her feet. Twin snakes of blue fire grew from the middle of her back. They writhed and twisted in the air as they pinned Haven and Dormer to the floor.
The one that had Dormer by the neck flickered near its head as he tried to absorb all of its energy, but it was either too strong or Dormer was too fatigued to fully deflect the plasma. He struggled uselessly against it, unable to free himself.
Kamiko looked down at her two captives and casually brushed her hands together. She knelt down next to Haven and pushed a flaming strand of hair from her face.
“You’re not the only one who’s full of surprises,” she said.
Haven choked against the fire, barely managing to breathe. “You killed him,” she whispered.
Kamiko turned and looked at Roku’s body. “He killed himself,” she said softly. “Foolish boy.” She turned back to Haven. “I should blame you for his death. You brought him here.”
“I’m here for him,” said Haven, looking over at Colton.
He lay there, watching helplessly, still half-chained to the chair. The only energy he could draw from the room was residual—barely enough to warm his skin, let alone melt the chains. He would have gotten a good burst of it from Kamiko’s shockwave if he was paying attention, but he had been too focused on trying to loosen the chains and missed his opportunity.
“Ah, yes,” said Kamiko. She stood and took a few steps toward him. “But didn’t he tell you? He’s with me now.”
“She’s a liar,” said Colton. Anger flashed across Kamiko’s face and that made him feel better. “I only agreed to go with her so she would spare the others at the Dome.”
Kamiko stared at him, a look of betrayal in her eyes. “Well,” she said finally, “I guess that means I don’t have to hold up my end of the bargain any longer.”
She stood next to Dormer as he writhed on the ground. The fire snake twisted and plunged deeper into his neck, as if it were burrowing down into his torso.
Kamiko knelt next to him and put one of her hands on his forehead. Dormer tried to sit up but she pushed him back down. “Shhhh,” she said. “It will be over soon.” Energy flashed under her palm, pulsing in short, quick bursts. With each one, light seemed to shine from deep within Dormer’s head. Each pulse made his eyes glow and turned his skin translucent. Colton could see the outline of his skull with each flash of light.
“Stop it!” screamed Haven. Colton could tell she was trying to use her own energy to fight the fire snake that kept her pinned to the floor, but every time she pushed back, Kamiko sent a fresh wave of dark blue plasma down the snake to slam into Haven’s chest.
Kamiko suddenly released Dormer. He fell back against the floor and lay there, barely conscious.
“You’re right,” said Kamiko. “It’s not fair for me to choose which one dies.”
She walked across the room and grabbed Colton’s ankles. The fire snake extended from Haven to Kamiko like a long tube of burning fire. It continued burrowing into Haven’s chest and pressed her to the floor.
“What are you doing?!” shouted Colton. He grabbed for her with his free arm but couldn’t reach down to where she had him by the ankles.
Kamiko dragged his chair to the middle of the room and put him right next to Dormer. With a single burst of blue plasma from her palms, his chains fell loose. He kicked away from the chair but was too slow for Kamiko. She grabbed his forehead and slammed his head against the floor. A pulse of burning light burst from her palm and seared his brain. He wanted to scream but nothing in his body was responding. The light came again, blinding and burning, cutting into his head like a knife. Kamiko grabbed Dormer’s forehead with her other hand and dark blue light flashed from her palm.
“It’s your choice, Haven,” said Kamiko. Colton opened his mouth to speak but another wave of pain shot through his body. He lay there on the ground, unable to move. “Pick one of them.”
Colton’s vision flashed white and he heard Haven breathing heavily somewhere nearby.
“I…won’t,” she said.
“Then I’ll kill them both.” Another wave of pain and light. Colton heard something sizzling deep within his body, as if her plasma was charring his bones. He wondered if he was dying.
“Don’t!” screamed Haven.
“Then make your decision.”
Another flash of pain. Colton was almost numb to it. It surged through his body and down his spine, but he no longer convulsed against its power. He felt detached from his own body, far away. Even between pulses, he was blind. He tried to open his eyes but realized they were already open. All he saw was a blinding white nothingness. His eye sockets felt strangely empty. Nearby, Haven wept.
“Oh,” said Kamiko. “Too late for this one.”
Colton heard Dormer’s head hit the floor with a soft thud as Kamiko released him. Haven cried softly between deep gasps for air. “You killed him,” she said, her voice hot with anger and despair.
“Yes,” said Kamiko. “And now I will kill the other one, too.”
“No!”
“You should have made your choice when you still had time. There are consequences for your actions, little girl. Hasn’t anyone ever told you?”
Colton could tell Kamiko was hitting him with more energy, but he could no longer feel it. His body convulsed under her hand with each pulse—he was unable to control his own muscles. The only thing that remained within him was the desire to reach out and take Haven’s hand, to tell her it was going to be okay.
Another pulse, stronger than all the others put together. Something broke deep inside him, as if a tube had cracked in half to release his soul. Kamiko let go of his forehead. Colton lay there, finally feeling something. He felt his life leaving his body. He felt his essence flow out from him like a deep, satisfying sigh. Yet he was not at peace. He always thought that people who were dying experienced absolute clarity, as if they were finally at rest after a lifetime of struggle.
He heard Haven screaming from far away, calling his name and pounding on the floor. The bright white nothingness of Colton’s vision grew more intense as he felt himself slipping farther and farther away from her. Her screams faded. He exhaled and realized he could not breathe in. He did not experience terror, nor bliss, nor a sense of a completed life. Colton felt like he had never made any difference at all.
He faded slowly, unable to breathe. He lay there thinking of Haven, wishing he had been able to hold her one last time.
Then, there was nothing.



43

Haven saw him die. She saw the life leave his face in one long moment where it looked like he was going to speak. And then he was gone, just like that.
The burning sensation in her chest disappeared while she looked at Colton’s body, motionless on the ground. His eyes were burnt, empty pits. His skin smoked and sizzled. Kamiko stood over him, looking down at his body. The remaining fire snake still writhed from her back, looping through the air and plunging into Haven’s throat and chest. It swelled to cover her stomach. Soon it would be thick enough to consume her entirely.
Haven barely noticed. The pain had been replaced with anger and regret—regret for not being able to save Colton. Kamiko turned to her and smiled wickedly.
Energy bloomed within Haven’s chest—her own power, reaching out from far away to answer her rage. Light blue flames flared up from Haven’s hand to meet the dark, vibrant blue of Kamiko’s twisting fire snake. Haven pushed with everything she had, forcing the stream of plasma out of her chest. Her own energy flowed over the fire snake and crawled quickly toward Kamiko, who pushed back even harder. Haven’s energy flickered and died. She rolled out of the way and the fire snake slammed into the ground where she had just been a second earlier. Kamiko screamed in anger and lightning erupted from her back like an insect sprouting enormous legs. They struck the floor next to Haven as she dove out of the way.
She landed on her stomach and a bolt of lightning stabbed into the small of her back. Her body was paralyzed. A second later, the bolt disappeared. Haven rolled onto her back and another bolt struck her in the stomach. Kamiko walked toward her slowly, brushing black hair away from her eyes.
“You’re a lot more trouble than the last girls,” she said.
A sphere of plasma surged down the lightning bolt from Kamiko’s back and hit Haven in the stomach like a cannonball. It pushed the wind out of her lungs and she lay on the floor gasping for air.
Kamiko smiled and stood over her. “Such a little bird,” she said, shaking her head in pity. “I will send you to be with him. Isn’t that what you want?” She knelt and put her hand over Haven’s forehead. The lightning bolt growing from her back crackled in the air as it lifted away from Haven’s stomach.
Warmth flooded out of Kamiko’s palm and spread across Haven’s skull. She found it easy to lay there and let it happen. It was almost peaceful. But then there was pain, such as she had never felt before. The light from Kamiko’s palm grew too bright and Haven closed her eyes, except the light did not go away. She had a horrible vision of Colton’s face and his burnt eye sockets.
Above the sizzling of her own bones, Haven heard Kamiko laughing.
Then she heard something else—a loud CRACK as the air in the room was forced apart. Kamiko stumbled backward and Haven’s vision returned. Standing a few feet away, looking down at Colton’s body, was a tall black man in a long green coat.
“It’s impossible,” whispered Kamiko. She scrambled back, pushing herself away from the intruder. “You’re supposed to be dead!”
He was tall and muscular. White scars covered his bald scalp. A particularly vicious scar ran down the left side of his face and crossed his left eye. The iris of that eye was clouded white with blindness. The other carefully took in his surroundings. His dark green trench coat had many pockets. Beneath it he wore black pants and a black shirt. The muscles in his jaw bulged visibly as he looked at Colton. Then he turned and saw Kamiko.
She screeched and threw up her hands. There was a tremendous surge of light from her palms. Haven and the intruder looked away from the blinding pulse, and when it faded, Kamiko was gone. Her footsteps receded quickly down the long hallway that led outside.
The intruder looked after her thoughtfully. Haven lay on the ground, breathing heavily. She groaned as she sat up, keeping a wary eye on the man. He turned and noticed her for the first time.
“Who are you?” asked Haven. He stepped toward her and she backed away. “Don’t come any closer!”
He stopped. Haven had her closed fist in the air, pointed at him in what she hoped was a threatening gesture. He cocked his head as he looked at her, then in two long strides, crossed the distance between them and grabbed her fist with his own massive hand.
She tried to call upon her ability, but she was empty inside. Not empty from lack of energy—it was in there, somewhere. She could feel it swirling in the depths of her soul, waiting to be called. She was empty for another reason. Her eyes drifted slowly over to Colton’s body. It felt like someone had carved out her insides and left nothing but her skin and bones.
The man’s one good eye glinted with understanding as he looked between Colton and Haven; the clouded iris of his other regarded her without emotion. He squeezed her fist and pulled her to her feet.
Haven started to protest but the man reached out and grabbed her other hand before she could pull it away. Suddenly she felt as if she were being ripped into a billion tiny pieces. The floor dropped away beneath her feet and she was suspended in space. The room exploded around her and swirled away as if it were being sucked into a black hole. The universe blurred out of existence. Haven was surrounded by an infinite void of nothing. Her stomach dropped and she felt like she was going to vomit. A distant noise—a scream of wind and metal—grew louder.
The man held her close. A tiny pinpoint of light appeared far away and approached quickly. They were heading straight for it at an incredible speed, as if they were standing on top of a bullet train in complete darkness. The light grew and grew until Haven was sure they were going to slam right into it—whatever it was.
Then it hit them. There was a loud CRACK as the air ripped apart to make room for their arrival. Haven was suddenly standing on firm ground. The man released her and she collapsed. Her ribcage felt compressed and she couldn’t force air into her lungs. The man slapped her on the back and she sucked in a deep breath, then coughed and bent forward. Her coughing turned to weeping as she thought about Colton.
Haven clawed at the grey dirt beneath her hands. She wept and her whole body shook with her sobs. It took her a moment to realize she was no longer in the black building. She forced herself to calm down and sat up. Haven opened her hands and soft grey dirt fell to the ground like sand from a broken hourglass.
The man stood next to her, offering his hand. Haven looked up at it hesitantly, then took it and stood. She wiped away her tears with the back of her hands and looked around.
They were standing in a wide field of the grey dirt. The grains were so fine that small clouds lifted up from their shoes whenever they took a step. At the edge of the dirt lot, all around them, were the ruins of buildings.
Skyscrapers and parking garages—an entire city had been destroyed. Haven looked up and saw a dirty grey sky, much the same color as the dirt that covered the ground. A hot wind howled throughout the buildings.
The man walked away and Haven hurried to catch up.
“Where are we?” she asked.
“Don’t you recognize it?” His voice was deep and pleasant.
Haven looked at the broken buildings. Rebar skeletons pierced chunks of charred concrete like shish kebabs. “It—it looks like Chicago.”
“It was Chicago.”
“So…” she said, thinking. “When are we?”
A small smile crossed his lips. “Now you have it.”
“How is that possible?” she asked. “I’ve never heard of anything like it, not even rumors.”
“I haven’t always known the method,” he said. “I spent years probing the limits of my capabilities. Life is energy, all the way down to the molecular level. I thought that if I could manipulate something as pedestrian as heat or light, why not reach farther? Why not try to manipulate a section of space on the other side of the planet?”
“Or in a different time,” said Haven. He nodded.
She couldn’t tell where they were going. The buildings surrounding them formed a barrier around the dirt lot, and she didn’t exactly feel like climbing across the ruins.
Haven studied him as they walked. Somehow he looked young and old at the same time. His skin was smooth and youthful except for the scars on his scalp, but his eyes, even the left one with the scarred iris, were deep with experience. A small gasp escaped her lips when she saw the tiny black veins creeping up his neck from beneath the collar of his jacket.
He smiled again. “Yes, I’m infected. A parting gift from Alistair when last we met.”
Haven thought back to a conversation with Bastian. “Australia. You were the one who fought him.”
The man nodded. “Too much devastation without any result. Alistair still lives. He was gravely wounded, and I may have slowed him down, but he will return stronger than ever.”
“We have a cure,” said Haven. “For Fade.”
The man shook his head slowly. “I have accepted the inevitable.”
“But—you’re a Nova!” she said. “Aren’t you?”
“Yes. Long thought dead by my own kind.”
“Why?”
“Because I wished it. When you have been around as long as I have, you start to see things differently. You start to see the big picture.”
They walked for a moment in silence.
“What’s your name?” asked Haven at last.
“Nathaniel.” 
“You have a last name?”
“It was taken away by the man who bought me.”
Haven looked at him. “How old are you?”
“Old enough to know that people don’t change. Old enough to know that nothing we do makes any difference.”
He led her to the base of a fallen skyscraper. The building lay on its side, its top propped against the building next to it so that it formed an enormous, gently-ascending ramp. Nathaniel climbed over the rubble leading to the flat side of the skyscraper. He reached back, offering his hand to Haven, but she ignored him and climbed up on her own.
They walked up the steady slope on the side of the skyscraper, heading slowly higher. Parts of the wall on that side of the building had been torn away in large chunks, and they had to be careful to avoid soft spots in the concrete as they walked higher. Every window was shattered. Haven looked down into the rooms as she walked past—nothing but ash within.
“Why would you not take the cure?” she asked.
Nathaniel walked a short ways in front of her, studying the building before him carefully. “Look around you. This is what happens to humanity in the future.”
“How far into the future?”
“My time here is finished,” he said, ignoring her question. “There is nothing else I can do to prevent what is happening.”
“You can travel through time and you’re pretty much a self-powered nuclear generator,” said Haven irritably. “I think you might be selling yourself a little short.”
“I used to think so as well. By the time I first learned how to use my abilities, a century of persecution, torture, and murder had already passed. I could do nothing to save my people from a lifetime of despair. Even if I went back and changed everything, an equally devastating scenario would arise. Believe me, I’ve tried. The hard truth is that men like Alistair will always exist to inflict such pain on the rest of the world.”
“And people like us are there to stop them,” said Haven. It felt good to say the words—to know she served some purpose in the world. In the background of her mind, Colton’s death tugged at her, begging her to break down and cry. She forced the thought far away and choked back her tears.
Nathaniel shook his head as they climbed higher up the fallen building. They neared the top and the air grew thinner, even though they were only two hundred feet off the ground.
“If you could take a step back and observe things as I do,” said Nathaniel, “you would see that Alistair and all the men like him are nothing but ants fighting over a piece of grass.”
He reached the edge of the building and stopped. Haven stood next to him, looking out upon a horizon of destruction. The entire city of Chicago was laid to waste. As far as the eye could see, there existed nothing but crumbled buildings and piles of debris. The grey sky extended in all directions and had no end.
“Earth will eventually tire of your presence,” said Nathaniel. “The skies will darken to block out the sun. The oceans will rise to swallow half the planet. Humanity will die.”
They stood there, looking out onto a world of nothing.
“Don’t you see?” he asked.
Haven nodded. “I see,” she said. “I see that you gave up, and you’re asking me to do the same thing. But there are things worth fighting for that maybe you’ve forgotten. Things like family and friendship.” Her eyes welled with tears. “And love.”
He shook his head sadly. “I have not forgotten them. Perhaps they have forgotten me. Do you know what it’s like to be alone, Haven? Truly alone, with no hope of salvation?”
She swallowed hard, thinking of her parents and Colton. “I know enough.” She waited for him to speak, but he remained silent. “Why did you really bring me here?”
Nathaniel looked out at the horizon for a long time. “When I was a boy,” he said, “I knew all of those things you mentioned. Love most of all. And then my family was taken and sent far away. I never saw them again. I worked for a man and his wife in South Carolina, plowing fields, sowing crops. If I misbehaved, I was punished.”
He turned away and lifted his coat and shirt. His back was covered with dozens of long, thin scars. Several chunks of skin had been ripped away and lumpy scar tissue covered the old wounds. Nathaniel lowered his shirt and jacket and turned back to Haven.
“I didn’t know what I was at the time, so I had to take the beatings. But there were others like me, too. Boys and girls, each with their own special ability. You know what happened to them when they were discovered?”
Haven shook her head, afraid to hear the answer.
“They were dragged away and shot in the fields like dogs, before they could learn how to fight back. Every great tragedy throughout humanity’s bloody history—every war, every genocide, every century of slavery—leaves a scar on the soul of this world. And so out we come,” said Nathaniel, pointing at Haven and himself. “Soldiers to turn the tide in humanity’s favor—to staunch the flow of innocent blood. Kind of hard when the people in charge kill you before you realize what true power lies within.” He tapped his chest.
“So you were too afraid to save your own people,” said Haven, “and now you’re going to let everyone else die? Did you bring me here for comfort? So you could hear someone tell you it’s a good idea to roll over and welcome extinction?!”
Nathaniel sighed. “No. I tried to stop what was coming. I met Alistair in battle, and we both failed. I did not bring you here for comfort. I brought you here to say goodbye. Soon I will be moving on.”
“To where?”
“To wherever it is my kind goes when this world is finished with us. One day you will understand. You’ll feel it in your bones, as I do. I was led to you to tell you that it’s no longer up to me to keep those like Alistair from spreading their evil. It’s up to you, and anyone lucky enough to call you their friend.”
Haven shook her head. “I don’t believe it. You can go back and fix everything. You can take me to my parents, the night before everything went wrong.” She was crying, unable to stop her tears. “Noah could have a normal life, not the one I’m scrounging out of the dirt. You have the ability to change anything you want, and you choose to fade into the background. Why do you get that luxury but I have to stay and watch my friends and family die all around me? Who made that decision?!”
She sat at the edge of the building, dangling her legs over the side. A gentle breeze pushed her hair back and she wiped away her tears. Nathaniel quietly sat next to her and looked out at the horizon.
“It is not our place to change things in such a manner,” he said. “It is our place to go on—to accept our fates and to live accordingly. What you’re feeling now is what I’ve been feeling for decades,” he said. “It never gets better. I wanted you to hear it from me before it hit you later in life, when you don’t have the ability to adapt and survive. Maybe if I would have figured it out sooner, things would have been different. But it’s too late for me to change. Is it too late for you, Haven?”
She sniffed and kicked her heels against the building. Small chunks of concrete broke free and tumbled down the wall to the ground below. “I worry about what all this death is doing to me,” she said. “As a person.”
“At first it hardens you,” said Nathaniel. “And then it destroys you. I can see all of you, Haven. Little lights glowing bright across the world. Every Source, every Conduit—you’re all there, in my mind, burning with life. Every time one of those lights goes out, a part of me goes with it.”
“Wow,” said Haven, without sympathy. “That must be quite a burden.” She slapped her thighs and stood up. “I better get back before anyone else dies. You go ahead and vaporize yourself or whatever you plan on doing that doesn’t involve helping anyone.”
Nathaniel stood next to her. “I’m helping you right now.”
“Could have fooled me. Do you have any idea how infuriating it is to know that you exist but I can’t ask you for help?”
“You need to find your own path, Haven. You need to win your own victories.”
She shook her head and turned away. “I can’t believe this. Alright, then, take me back.”
He moved toward her, then hesitated. “I could take you somewhere else. Somewhere safe. You don’t owe those people anything.”
She looked out at the ruined city. “Yes I do. Of course I do.”
Nathaniel studied her carefully. “So you’re not giving up, then?”
“Never.”
He smiled. “Fascinating. In that case, I hope you’re feeling recharged. You’re going to need it.”
Haven burned with rage at the thought of Kamiko standing over Colton’s body. Heat blossomed at the top of her spine and swept over her body like wildfire. “There’s enough in me to handle Kamiko, and then some.”
Nathaniel nodded and stepped toward her. “Then hold on.” He grabbed her shoulders and paused. “You know, I said you needed to find your own path, but I never said I couldn’t nudge you in the right direction.” He pulled her close and the world disappeared.



44

Colton lay on the floor, writhing in pain. Kamiko’s hand burned like acid on his forehead. The image of her standing over him brightened to the point of blindness. He heard Dormer struggling next to him, fighting against Kamiko’s grasp.
There was a sudden CRACK as the air in the room was split in two. Kamiko’s hand yanked away from Colton’s forehead and the piercing brightness that blinded him slowly faded as his vision returned.
“It’s impossible,” whispered Kamiko. She backed away, toward the exit. “You’re supposed to be dead!”
Colton thought he saw Haven standing on the other side of the room with someone else—a tall black man with broad shoulders and a long coat—but his vision was still too blurry to make it out clearly.
The first Haven—the one that had been there with him the whole time—lay groaning on the floor a few feet away. The fire snake disappeared and she lay twisting in pain with her eyes closed, unaware of the new arrivals.
Two Havens.
Colton’s mind struggled to grasp the concept. He pushed himself up onto his elbows and shook his head to clear his vision. Dormer lay unconscious next to him. Rapid footsteps faded away as Kamiko ran down the hallway, toward the exit.
“Is this your idea of a nudge?” said the new Haven across the room.
The tall man smile at her. Then he reached out for the Haven lying on the ground and grabbed her wrist. There was another loud CRACK  as both of them vanished and the air in the room slammed back together.
Then it was just the new Haven, standing there alone. She ran across the room and practically fell on top of Colton. He groaned in pain as she hugged him as hard as she could.
“Easy!” he said. “I’m still here.” He leaned back and looked at her. She was exactly the same Haven he knew from before. “So I guess you’re trapped in some kind of time loop now?”
“You don’t sound that surprised.”
“Not with everything else that’s been going on.”
“To be honest, I don’t really know what happened.”
“Tell me about it later, okay?”
She looked him over, patting his arms, his chest, his cheeks. She pulled his face to hers and kissed him deeply. When she released him, he looked at her with only a hint of confusion.
“What was that for?” he asked.
“Nothing,” she said. Happy tears rolled down her cheeks and she wiped them away. “Nothing at all. We have to go after her, Colton. She’ll go back to the Dome and—”
Dormer moaned and his eyelids fluttered open. He saw Haven and smiled, then beckoned her closer with a weak twitch of his finger. Haven went to him and knelt at his side. She gently took his hands in hers and rested them on his chest. His breathing was shallow and raspy. The whites of his eyes were solid red.
“Almost finished,” he whispered.
“Maybe Colton could help you,” she said. She looked at Colton hopefully. He nodded and stood up. Blood rushed to his head and he stumbled back to his knees.
“No,” said Dormer. He held onto Haven’s hands and shook them fervently. “Listen to me. She’s not a Phoenix.”
Haven looked at him in confusion. “But how could you know that? You saw how powerful she is.”
“It’s true,” said Colton. “She told me herself.”
“Listen,” said Dormer. “The Phoenix energy would never go to someone like her. It does not choose randomly. It is not chance. A person like Kamiko could never receive such a gift because her only focus is death. Do you understand me?”
Haven nodded. “It means she’s not as strong as we thought.”
“Only if you work together,” said Dormer. He cried out in pain, then relaxed. His eyes found Haven’s and he smiled. His lips parted as if he meant to say another word, but only a deep sigh came out. His body went limp and his eyelids slowly closed.
“Is he…gone?” asked Colton.
Barely noticeable breaths moved his chest up and down. Colton walked over and stood next to Haven. He rested his hand on her shoulder and squeezed it gently.
“We can’t do anything else for him now,” he said. “Let’s get Kamiko.”
They ran down the long hallway together. A control panel they had passed near the door was open and a key was pressed into a keyhole, turned to the side—the machine guns in the ceiling were switched off. Colton and Haven ran outside into the sunset light of the desert.
Kamiko sat in the driver’s seat of the Jeep, frantically looking for the keys.
“Dormer has them,” said Haven loudly.
Kamiko’s head jerked up and she snarled when she saw them standing there. She hopped out of the Jeep and approached them slowly. Her eyes lit on fire and dark blue flame crept over her entire body. Lightning stretched out from her back and extended twenty feet in all directions, crackling and snapping as it reached for Colton and Haven.
“I will not hesitate this time,” said Kamiko.
“You just did,” said Haven. She jumped onto Colton’s back, wrapping her legs around his waist and her arms around his neck. She held him close and said, “Let her have it.”
Colton felt the surge of energy from Haven’s body. He was unprepared for the absolute raw power she produced—it hit him like a freight train and nearly knocked him to the ground. He focused on widening the gate for absorption—the mental doorway through which he let in all outside energy. It swung wide in his mind as the blue fire flooded his system.
He closed his fists and held them out toward Kamiko. She stopped walking forward, temporarily halted by this new development. Then she growled and ran forward.
Colton let go. He let everything out of him as fast as it was coming in—he was a direct funnel for all that Haven was giving him, amplifying her energy as it passed through his body on the way down to his fists. A pillar of blue plasma rocketed toward Kamiko and hit her in the chest. She lifted up into the air and slammed against the Jeep.
Colton stopped the flow of energy and waited. Kamiko fell off the side of the Jeep and hit the ground face-first. She clawed at the sand and crawled forward. Fresh bolts of lightning sprouted from her back as she looked up at him with hatred.
“Don’t stop,” whispered Haven. She buried her face into the side of his neck and closed her eyes. “Because she never will.”
The surge of energy that hit Colton was more powerful than the first. Kamiko got to her feet and stumbled forward, eyes blazing like spheres of blue lava.
Colton let the enormous amount of energy pool inside him. He focused on amplifying it on its way down to his fists. Soon his hands were glowing like two brilliant stars. The stars grew so large and so bright that his arms disappeared, lost in their brilliant glow. Haven’s energy wings unfolded behind him. They extended twenty feet into the air on either side, shining brighter than the sun. The sand at Colton’s feet pushed away in all directions.
Kamiko took another step forward and reached out for him. Colton screamed as he let loose a single burst of energy. The spheres of plasma on his fists shot out and collided in the air just in front of Kamiko. Her eyes widened as the spheres merged and swallowed her whole. The giant ball of blue plasma rotated in place like a spinning globe, its energy swirling over the surface like the clouds of a miniature planet.
The sphere slowly dissipated like fog in a strong wind, leaving behind only small wisps of blue smoke. The sand beneath it was crystalized. Kamiko was gone.
Colton found it difficult to believe what he had just done.
“We did it,” he said finally.
Haven moaned softly into his neck. He held her close as they sat down in the sand. Her eyes were distant and unfocused. Colton shook her gently.
“What’s wrong? Haven? What’s the matter?”
He pushed hair away from her eyes and felt her cheek. Her skin was icy cold.
“Elena said this would happen,” she said weakly. “How fast it could hit you once…once you were the next one in line.”
“No!” shouted Colton. “I don’t want you to be the next one in line. I want you to stay!”
“I’m dying Colton. I knew it could happen if Kamiko died. But we did it anyway, didn’t we? Because we had to. There was no one else to stop her.” She smiled up at him. “Just you and me.”
“Then we shouldn’t have done it! What if you’re not the next Phoenix? Sometimes it doesn’t choose you, even after you’re dead, right? She said that, too! Then what?!”
“Take me away from the building,” said Haven.
Colton stared at her, knowing that agreeing to do that would be admitting the inevitable.
“I don’t want you to leave.”
“Please,” she said, and reached up to touch his face.
Colton scooped her up in his arms. He carried her away from the building, toward the sunset. She rested peacefully against him, her eyes closed, a small, content smile on her face.
“Just here,” she said.
Colton knelt down and cradled her in his arms. She turned her head to look at the setting sun.
“I just remembered it’s my birthday,” she said. A small tear rolled from the corner of her eye. “You tell Noah to be a good boy.”
“You’ll come back,” said Colton. The desert wind cooled as the sun approached the horizon. Colton wiped at the tears that rolled down his cheeks.
“Tell him I’m sorry about Mom and Dad.”
“Tell him yourself,” said Colton.
She turned away from the setting sun and smiled at him. “We were meant to be together, you and I. We finally figured it out.”
Colton nodded, fighting to hold back his tears. He opened his mouth to tell her he loved her, but it was too late. Haven was gone.
He closed his eyes, pressed his forehead to hers, and wept. The last light of day disappeared as the sun dipped below the horizon, and Colton was alone.
From The Author

Book Three is available!



Book 4 is coming soon! Sign up for my newsletter to get an email when it’s released. I won’t spam you, I promise.

Indie books live and die by their reviews. If you enjoyed Bloom and have a moment, please consider writing a review so other readers can discover the series.

Thank you so much for reading.

—A.P.

Author Website
apkensey.wordpress.com
TABLE OF CONTENTS

Dedication
Dome Map 
Prologue
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44 
Notes

