
Witch Hollow and the Fountain Riddle

By I.D. Blind

“Witch Hollow and the Fountain Riddle” is the second book of the “Witch Hollow” series.
Copyright 2013 by I.D. Blind.
Cover Art Copyright 2013 by I.D. Blind.
Published by Sunwood at Smashwords.
All rights reserved.
This book is a work of fiction. All characters appearing in this work are fictitious.


Table of Contents

Synopsis
1. Letters
2. Back to Hollow
3. Concert
4. Training Day
5. Diary
6. Birthday
7. Boat Ride
8. Lash and Blood
9. Admonition
10. Arrest
11. Expectations
12. Art School
13. Unexpected Revelation
14. Chocolate Fair
15. Tournament
16. The Creature
17. Straight through the Mirror
18. McAlisters at Cauldron and Broom
19. The Silver Key
20. Treehouse Memories
21. A Flight on a Broom
22. Tarot Session
23. Dirty Windows
24. The Lonely Widower
25. The Woman by the Fountain
26. The Whistler
27. Travelers in Time
28. The Last Candle
29. The Fountain Riddle
30. The Cave
31. Silhouettes in Fire
32. Funerals
Epilogue
Thank you
References


Synopsis

When Eric learns that the weather in Hollow has been acting strangely, he returns to the magical town to help his friends with the danger they might soon face. Eric reads an old diary and learns gruesome details about the witch hunt, which may happen again.
Eric and his friends have to understand what is wrong with the weather and why the boys are getting paler day by day. Could the truth be hidden in the dark depths of the cave? And what is hidden inside the fountain on the square?
To solve the Fountain Riddle, Eric and his friends will have to fight the Pied Piper and his rats, visit a 19th century ball, and catch the boy in the painting.

Click on the titles to listen to the songs featured in the book:

“La Follia” by A. Vivaldi

“Waltz of the Flowers” by P.I. Tchaikovsky

“Hungarian Dance No. 5” by J. Brahms

“Symphony No. 40” by W.A. Mozart

“Romanza Andaluza” by P. de Sarasate

“Blacksmith”

“Searching for Lambs”

“Battle of Harlaw”

“Twa Corbies”
Performed by Steeleye Span
Performed by Bard Michael Kelly

“If I Were a Blackbird”
Performed by Silly Wizard
Performed by Bard Michael Kelly

“William Tell Overture” by G.A. Rossini


1. Letters

LETTER FROM ERIC TO ELECTRA

Dear Electra,
I am out of ink. At least now I can write longer.
So, my father has ceased nagging me and has been treating me kinder. He offered me a holiday anywhere in the world, and I suppose you already guess which place I named. Now I only have to wait for the summer to be back to Hollow.
The days here are boring. Life is dull without magical paintings, medieval bards, and time travels. At least I'm having an interesting time with my cousin, who’s staying with us now. He has arrived here to participate in a barmen's contest. He practices all the time and has taught me some tricks with bottles. My mom isn’t happy, though, as we keep breaking bottles and glassware.
I am also taking an internship in a veterinarian clinic where my mother’s friend works. Yesterday, we went to cure a sick kangaroo. Can you believe that? And today we are visiting an animal sanctuary, where a sick gorilla is waiting for a doctor.
Miss you a lot.
Forever yours,
Eric


LETTER FROM ELECTRA TO ERIC

Dear Eric,
I have missed you too. I hope you’ll be in Hollow on the Chocolate Fair day, where we shall have a big stand and will sell chocolate and pastries. The fair usually takes place in the middle of summer, so it is likely that you will be here by then. I also hope that the constant rains that are pouring every day will stop soon and won’t prevent us from holding the event. We have never had so much rain in spring. Sometimes it seems that the heavens are falling down—there’s thunder and lightning all the time. Let’s hope the summer will give us better weather. My poor sisters long for sun, and every morning they look out of the window in the hopes of catching a glimpse of sunlight.
The girls are constantly asking about you and are sending you their love. Jack, too, has been asking about you. He and Hector are training all day long for the upcoming tournament. They need a partner, and if you are back in time, that partner might be you.
It is so wonderful that you are training in a veterinarian clinic. Cassandra is doing the same. Mrs. Hortense, our veterinarian’s wife, passed away, and Dr. Robinson was left heartbroken. Happily, now he has the company of someone who is no less generous than dear Mrs. Hortense was, for no one in this world can compete with Cassandra when it comes to compassion and empathy. She spends every day at Dr. Robinson's clinic at the square, and helps him with the animals. Poor girl has to tolerate the malicious looks every single day, but she never complains, for that is Cassandra—the girl who will wake up at the crack of dawn to save a wolf cub from the poachers.
And Medea is playing in the orchestra! Yes, you read it right, she’s the leading fiddler, and if you could only listen to how she plays. Remember when Aunt Andromeda gave assignments to all of us? That is when Medea began playing in the orchestra led by Conductor Mr. Frick.
As for me, you know I still teach at the Art School. I have a lovely class of eight, nine, and ten-year-old girls. They are very talented and learn everything quickly. We mostly draw flowers and castles. Soon we will start drawing people.
I have great news—Aunt and Uncle opened a restaurant. It’s very beautiful, cozy, and tidy. It is on the Green Oak Street. Aunt spends all her time there, and when we finish our duties we help her with the cooking or serving, and Medea sometimes plays the violin for the guests. We have a lot of visitors, mostly tourists who love not only the meals we serve, but also the atmosphere of the restaurant, which, as they say, is very special.
Can’t wait to see you in Hollow.
With never-ending love,
Electra
P.S. Hector asked me for your postal address; said he had to tell you something important.


LETTER FROM HECTOR TO ERIC

Dear Eric,
We might soon need your help in Hollow. Something is amiss in the town. It’s raining constantly, with loud thunder and lightning that cuts the skies. Every day we find infected trees and withered bushes. Jack and I talked to Mr. Acks. He couldn’t explain the cause; said that his woodmen lately had been cutting more trees than in the whole of last year.
We wouldn’t pay much attention to the caprices of the weather, but we know that last time the Hunters’ appearance was escorted with anomalies of nature. It may be a warning to us. Two days ago we saw a lot of dead fish in the lake. No one knows the cause.
If you have a chance, please return to Hollow. We might need your help.
Hope to see you soon,
Hector


LETTER FROM DAVID O'BRIAN TO ALBERT O'BRIAN

Dear Albert,
I don’t know what you have done to my son, but I hardly recognize him since he has returned. He has drastically changed, and for the better. He has become diligent, responsible, and hard working. I never receive complaints from his school. He has stopped arguing with his mother and me, and has stopped brawling at school. Now, really, what have you done to him? Is it something in the air of that town? Or in the water? Whatever it is, my son keeps saying he wants to go back to Hollow. Recently he has received a letter from the town and has been restless since. He asked me to write to you and see if he can be your guest once again.
Waiting for your answer,
With best regards,
David O’Brian


LETTER FROM ALBERT O'BRIAN TO DAVID O'BRIAN

Dear Cousin,
I am glad to hear that our dear boy has stopped giving you such a hard time. Tell him he can come anytime; we are more than happy to see him again.
Sincerely,
Albert O’Brian


2. Back to Hollow

At last, a morning without rain. The meadow was wet and humid after yesternight’s loud torrents. The sunrays needed time to evaporate the water which was making Electra’s feet wet as she walked in the blooming meadow dotted with the drops of yesterday’s long rain.
Now and then Electra saw leafless trees and withered bushes that stood out on the flourishing land, wondering what was happening to nature in Hollow. It was behaving strangely. The trees were not infected, but some would dry out overnight, while their companions stood as green as ever with thick foliage and verdure.
“What is wrong?” she kept asking the trees, touching their yellowed leaves and dried barks. But the trees were silent. They were dead.
For the last month, Electra, her sisters, and friends tried to find out the reason for the defoliation. They marked the trees with ribbons, made notes, and used organic manures, but the next day they found another dried tree, dead bush, or a withered flower. Ariadne’s father, who was a botanist, sent the samples to a laboratory, but didn’t receive a satisfying answer—nature's behavior remained a mystery.
Electra climbed on the white bridge and stared into the water. She closed her eyes and listened to nature’s voice, trying to distinguish the words and whispers. She felt her skin warming. The wind caressed her face and fiery hair. Quiet voices reached her ears, then someone gently touched her shoulder.
“For some reason, I'm sure you are thinking of me,” she heard from behind.
Electra turned around, and there was Eric standing a step away from her. She stared at him open-mouthed, and not finding anything to say, threw herself into his arms. Eric hugged her and whirled her in the air.
“How much I have missed you!” he cried. “And how much I wished to hug you.” He lowered a joyful Electra to the ground and looked at her. “You have become even more beautiful.”
“I can’t believe it! How could you hide your arrival from me?” Electra exclaimed, holding Eric by the hands.
“Surprise!” he smiled.
“A great one!”
Sitting on the edge of the bridge, Eric told her he had arrived early in the morning and the first thing he did after unpacking his luggage was to visit her. He spoke about home and his internship at the veterinary clinic, and that he was thinking about continuing the internship in Hollow if Dr. Robinson would agree to take him. Electra was sure he would. Cassandra had mentioned several times that they always needed help. She promised to ask her sister to talk to Dr. Robinson.
Eric and Electra left for the blue castle. They passed near the Enchanted Garden, and when Electra told him her family had restored the garden, Eric hurried inside. What he saw was beyond any expectation. The garden resembled a flourishing palace with gardenias and acacias, dahlias and daffodils, high columns of green bushes, and a small fountain surrounded with tiny bluebells, serving as a pond for the rose finches. The arbor was repainted, and two marble-like statues of girls in the Ancient Greek style stood at the entrance. Blue warblers and yellow grosbeaks jumped up and down the bushes, breaking the silence with their tweeting.
Eric would just sit in the garden and stay there for the whole day, so beautiful was the place, but he had missed his friends and longed to see them, too. On their way to the blue castle, in a field nearby, Eric saw Jack and Hector training in javelin throwing on horseback. They dismounted the horses and hurried to him.
“So glad to see you again.” Hector gave him a hug.
“I did my best to come back.” Eric looked at Hector, but said no more. Whatever was happening in Hollow, he wanted to discuss it without Electra, so as to not scare or upset her. “When is the tournament?” he asked instead, looking at the shooting marks across the field and the long spears lying on the ground.
“In a month,” Jack answered, and added, “Will you participate?”
Eric was delighted at the offer and quickly answered with a “yes.” Jack and Hector told him that the participants had to form groups of three people and compete in archery, javelin throwing on horseback, and jousting. They were ready to add Eric to the group if he promised to work hard and never miss the training sessions.
“We start at six in the morning,” Jack said on their way to the castle. “Considering that you live on the East Bank, we shall wait for you at seven. You should never be late; discipline is very important. We train javelin throwing for two hours, have a short rest, and then train archery for another two hours. Then we take a longer rest and train for jousting another two to three hours. It is tiresome, but we won’t win the Tournament Cup if we don’t work hard.”
“What about the horse?” Eric asked. “Uncle Albert has one, but he won’t let me take it every day. And I don’t think that horse is suitable for a tournament. It’s quite old.”
“We shall give you a horse—a magnificent stallion,” Jack said. “I think Pegasus will suit you perfectly. He is strong, yet calm, and doesn’t fear strangers.”
After all the conversations about the upcoming tournament, the training, and the stallion, Eric developed impatience and excitement. He could hardly wait for the next morning when he was supposed to learn the rules of the tournament and start training. Jack and Hector hadn’t finished all the exercises for the day, but as they said, once in a while—meaning very rarely, they reserved the right to finish earlier. Eric’s arrival was a good reason to forgo the afternoon training and have a small feast at home. The boys looked pale to Eric. He told them that maybe they shouldn’t train so much, but Jack assured him they were feeling fine, weren’t exhausted at all, and were taking the break only for his sake.
Uncle Colin had left for the Old Curiosity Shop, Aunt Andromeda was at the newly opened restaurant, Cassandra was helping Dr. Robinson at the veterinary clinic, and Medea was at the rehearsal, for later that day, at five o'clock, the orchestra was giving a one-hour concert filled with the music of Brahms, Vivaldi, Mozart, and Tchaikovsky. At the end of the concert, Medea was to play a solo on the violin. The family was waiting in anticipation for the evening when they would at last hear the part she had been practicing for so long.
Electra headed to the kitchen to fetch tea and pastries while the boys settled down in the dining room. They spoke quietly, now and then pausing or changing the subject when the girl entered the room, and wouldn’t resume the conversation unless she went back to the kitchen. Jack told Eric that one of the diaries they had read described the arrival of the Hunters in detail. According to the diary, prior to their appearance, the weather changed. It rained day and night with frequent thunderstorms and lightning, trees defoliated and withered, harvest was bad, and animals became sick.
“Where can we find more information?” Eric asked.
“In the diaries of people who lived in Hollow back then and who wrote about some of the events,” Jack said. “We have a few—one belongs to an old herbalist, Mr. Arthur Winsdale, but it is unfinished. He was probably killed in the hunt. His diary only describes the first days of the killings. Another one belongs to a woman named Amelia Wicker. It tells about the trials. I’ll give them to you to read. Overall, the diaries we have read are not telling us everything we want to know; we need more information.”
“Are you sure there are more diaries? Where do you get them from?”
Their conversation was interrupted when Electra entered the dining room with a kettle of freshly made tea and fruitcake. None of the boys talked about the hunt anymore. Instead, Electra kept asking Eric about his internship, and at the same time telling about Cassandra’s little patients. When in two hours, Eric was leaving the castle, Electra gave him a spare ticket, which he put into his pocket and promised to be at the Concert Hall at five sharp.


3. Concert

At four thirty, Eric was already standing at the gates of the newly restored Concert Hall. With the efforts of Mr. Frick and financial support of Duchess Iphigenia Von Aringwen of Ornshire, the Hall now featured better acoustics, a restored stage, comfortable seats, and improved lighting. Eric watched the people arrive in carriages and slowly make their way to the entrance. They were dressed formally; men were in black tuxedos, women wore beautiful dresses and shiny jewelry. Leaning his hand on the gate, Eric was examining the people of Hollow—their looks and manners—when his eyes caught a familiar beautiful face. It was Dinah McCormack in a long black gown, shoulders and neck bare, waving a feathery fan in one hand and holding Thomas Baldric’s hand with the other. Her hair was plaited into a long braid, and the blue diamonds that hung from her ears sparkled as strongly as her captivating eyes. Eric couldn’t take his eyes off her. Her cold beauty was spectacular and enigmatic, her proud face gave away the awareness of the strength of her charms, while her manners were a screaming example of vanity and conceit. Tim Van Balen and Marion O’Neal, a couple more modest in their outfit and behavior, walked behind.
Dinah noticed Eric at the gates. She had heard from Eleanora that Eric was back in Hollow, but hadn’t met him yet. Catching his glance aimed at her, she was embarrassed for only a moment, then quickly adopted the same vain look she possessed so well and whispered something to Thomas, who in turn looked at Eric. They laughed under their breaths, and reaching the gate where Eric was standing, Thomas said aloud, “I’ve heard there will be a great concert tonight.”
“Indeed?” Dinah pouted. “And I have heard about a lousy solo.”
All four laughed aloud and passed Eric. Though unwillingly, he turned around and looked at their backs. Eric noted that Tim was hiding a package inside his tuxedo, and wondered why the fellow was bringing a package to the Concert Hall. His attention returned to the street, where a lady Eric didn't know appeared in the crowd. The woman was of age: probably seventy or eighty years old. She was wearing sparkling diamonds and a silver gown with a long trail. In one hand, she had a silver-framed lorgnette, and the other was squeezed around a young man’s arm, whom Eric recognized as Raymond—the fellow he had met many times at the arena of the tournaments last autumn. They made their way to the entrance of the Hall as people around the lady greeted her, bowing in deference or raising their hats. The lady deigned stern smiles or strict looks. Her behavior amused Eric. She reminded him of one of those aristocratic personas who thought too much of themselves, considering the places of their birth and the wealth they possessed as synonyms of greatness and importance. The lady was quickly forgotten when Eric saw Colin and Andromeda coming out of a big carriage, followed by their family members and their friends. Electra, Cassandra, and Ariadne appeared in sight. All three looked beautiful in colorful gowns, with flower blossoms in their hair, and lace adorning their décolleté. After greetings, sharing hugs and kisses, they all headed to the entrance—Jack holding Ariadne by her hand, Hector with Cassandra, and Eric together with Electra.
Passing across the foyer, the party entered the crowded and noisy music hall. The auditorium was spacious and brightly illuminated by elegant chandeliers made of seemingly endless Bohemian crystals dazzling above the great hall. They cast their glow on the red velvety seats and on the separate box in the middle of the hall, designed for special guests. The Duchess entered the box and seated herself in the center, on the soft, high chair. Raymond sat next to her, while the rest of the Duchess’s guests sat behind them and looked around with admiration, discussing how wonderful the hall looked after the restoration, and how farsighted the Duchess appeared to be. They spoke quietly, but still their whispers were loud enough to reach the wealthy old lady. Her companions’ flattery was never destined to stay unheard.
Some of the audience was examining the theatre programmes, others were looking for their seats, and some were chatting loudly. When their group made its way to their seats, Eric noticed disgruntled glances and heard unpleasant conversations behind his back. He turned to Electra, but she seemed to not hear them. She had long learnt to not grant attention to any kind of malicious treatment.
The lights went off, the curtain rose, and the members of the orchestra appeared on the stage, with music sheets before them and instruments in their hands. In the center of the stage, Mr. Frick raised the stick and the music began. Vivaldi's melodic “La Follia1” had the honor of opening the concert. The mellifluous music momentarily took the audience into the 18th century, to the Emperor’s glorious palace, the baroque architecture, and the laced gowns. Everyone seemed to be enjoying the music, but Eric was feeling uncomfortable, though he could not understand the reason behind that sentiment. He could sense a glance aimed at him, and turning left, he saw Dinah staring at his side. She immediately looked away and covered her face with the feathery fan, but Eric managed to notice resentment in her eyes. Her glance didn’t leave him indifferent. Eric’s thoughts were now filled with Dinah against his wishes, and he began pondering over the time he had once spent with her. She was beautiful; he couldn’t deny that, as much as he couldn’t deny feeling nostalgic about that time and particularly about Dinah. Seeing her hand folded around Thomas’ arm Eric had felt something that strongly resembled jealousy. She was so stunning in that black dress and dazzling jewelry, just like a queen, and Eric couldn’t help staring at her. He forced himself to look away, then turned to Electra. She looked back at him and awarded him with a blissful smile. Dinah left his thoughts like a dim specter, and he smiled at the girl who didn’t have an expensive dress or any jewelry; whose only ornaments were the flowers in her hair, which gave a fabulous look to the nymph so dear to his heart.
Eric was not the only one looking around the Hall. Cassandra once or twice glanced at the box where the Duchess was sitting, and at the young man accompanying her. She then turned to Electra and whispered, “That is Duchess Iphigenia of Ornshire, Raymond's grandmother.”
Electra gave the old woman a distrustful look. “She looks grave.”
“Rather sober.”
“She is shining. She needn't put on all her diamonds. We could become blind.”
“Oh, I am sure those are not all the diamonds she possesses. She is very rich.”
“Then why do you keep staring at her?”
“Are you being biased only because she is rich and wears jewelry?”
“I am not biased, but she doesn’t look like someone who can be easily pleased.”
“You are being mean.”
“Alright, I won't say that again. But when the day comes, don’t tell me I didn’t warn you.”
Cassandra said nothing more but kept blushing and staring at the young man sitting next to the Duchess. Raymond seemed engrossed in Tchaikovsky’s “Waltz of the Flowers2” and wasn’t looking anywhere else. Cassandra thought she ought to do the same, especially when it was her sister playing on the stage.
The next was Brahms’ “Hungarian Dance No.5 3,” followed by Mozart’s “Symphony No. 40 4.” When the symphony ended, the hall broke into applause. Mr. Frick bowed to the audience, turned back to the orchestra, and waved his stick. Piano music sounded in the corner of the stage, and Medea joined the “Romanza Andaluza 5” with her violin. All her family watched her without blinking. They had never seen her so calm and concentrated. She was totally absorbed in the beautiful music, and her violin sounded magical. Whether it was because she was playing like a virtuoso or because they loved her so much, her family members were sure they had never heard music more beautiful than what Medea was playing now.
Suddenly something flew in the air and hit Medea’s chair. Everyone looked at each other, then at the thing resting on the stage. Medea didn’t stop playing, but then another tomato landed nearby. The hall began humming. Eric looked at Thomas and Dinah, and noticed how the former took another tomato from Tim’s parcel and threw it at Medea, who, nevertheless, continued to play. She had noticed the rotten tomatoes flying at her, but hadn’t stopped her music. But when the tomato hit her violin, the fiddlestick fell from her hand. Medea hastily leaned after it. The conductor stopped the music and turned to the audience. Whispers turned into loud cries.
Seeing Thomas with a tomato in his hand, Colin rushed towards him through the row of seats. “Stop it right now!” he demanded. Thomas stood up and laughed into Colin’s face. Uncle Colin looked at him for a second, and suddenly gave him a slap in the face so strong that Thomas’ knees bent. His father, Louis Baldric, jumped up and rushed to his son’s aid. Shay MacGavin and Alan Pickering hurried to their friend, and Peter McCormack and Manfred Van Balen appeared near Louis Baldric. A fight was about to break out, and Mayor Kynaston Daley hurried to stop the fray. Colin was holding Thomas by his collar, Mr. Baldric was trying to free his son, and meanwhile, Shay MacGavin and Alan Pickering were holding back Peter McCormack and Manfred Van Balen. The hall was now lost in noise and hubbub, and the place was becoming messy, for the men were starting a fight, and the women were yelling and begging them to stay calm.
Medea squeezed herself in between the messy audience. “Leave him, Uncle,” she said, reaching for Colin’s hand. “Don’t waste your time on him.”
Colin at last loosened his grip, much to Andromeda’s joy, who was afraid her husband might do something that would lead to his arrest. The last thing she wanted was to give Sheriff De Roy a chance to lock Colin in the dungeon.
Mayor Daley stepped forward and told everyone to calm down and either leave the place or behave politely. As the tension remained, he asked everyone to calmly leave the hall without another argument or clash. The audience obeyed the mayor’s request, and one by one, people left the music hall.
Andromeda hugged Medea. “My dear girl, I am so sorry that your evening was spoiled,” she said. “But you were amazing. I am so proud of you.”
“It’s alright. I should have known they might spoil the concert,” Medea said. “Now let’s go back home, it will be getting dark soon.”
 “Should’ve guessed they were planning something when I saw that parcel in his hands,” Eric said, standing between Jack and Hector.
“Never mind,” Jack whispered. “We shall pay them back at the tournament.” He looked at Eric. “Tomorrow at seven, you will start training.”
4. Training Day

The next morning, Electra and Cassandra left the castle together and walked across the road, which led to the river, until they had to part. Electra worked at the Art School on the West Bank, and Cassandra worked at the veterinary clinic on the East Bank of the Sirtalion, where Eric was going to pay a visit to her and Dr. Robinson and talk about his internship. He would be visiting them after the training sessions. At the moment, Eric, Hector, and Jack had been training on the field for two hours already. Pegasus, Eric’s horse, was indeed as calm and clever as Jack had told him, but it in no way made the training easier. The spear was heavy, and javelin throwing appeared to be a hard task. Eric couldn’t hit the target no matter how hard he tried, and the failure was causing him disappointment. Hector and Jack assured him that the hard training would help him achieve better results.
“I hope so,” Eric said. “Because if I don’t improve, I’ll be the laughingstock of the whole town.”
“Don’t worry, you won’t be. None of us were born with the skills,” Jack said.
“I considered it an easier task.” Eric took the bow and arrow from the ground. Before Jack and Hector could stop him, Eric aimed at the target, shot the arrow, and then winced from pain. He dropped the equipment and looked at his skinned arm.
“Ah, that must be painful!” Hector looked at Eric’s wound.
“You forgot your vambrace,” Jack said while Eric pressed his hand to his forearm and muttered something indistinct through his clenched teeth.
“I’m an idiot,” he said, taking a bandage from the first-aid kit and applying it to his arm.
“You are a beginner. Come, put on the vambrace. Now look at the target.” Jack stood behind Eric, holding the arrow and bow. “Your body should be perpendicular to the target and to the shooting line. Now place your feet shoulder-width apart. That’s right. Don’t tense. Relax.” He handed the bow and arrow to Eric. “Point the bow towards the ground and place the shaft of the arrow on the arrow rest. Hold the bow with your left hand and pull the bowstring back with the right one. Hold your index finger above the arrow; your inner elbow should be parallel to the ground.” Jack slightly raised Eric’s elbow. “Now draw the string towards the corner of your mouth. Very well. And now, aim at the target, and don’t forget to always check the range. We are in an open field, after all. Ready?”
“Yes.”
“Shoot!”
Eric released the arrow. It hit the bullseye.
“Ten points!” Hector exclaimed.
“Unbelievable,” smiled Eric, shocked yet contented.
“The beginners are always lucky.” Jack grinned. “How is your arm?”
“Hurting.”
“It will heal. Try to find time for press-ups and pull-ups. They will strengthen your arm so that it doesn’t get shaky. I suppose you know that the target has ten circles. The inner two rings equal ten points, then the value decreases by one with each outer circle.”
“I know.” Keeping in mind Jack’s tips, Eric released another arrow. It hit the line between the second and third rings.
“That’s another ten! If the arrow falls on a line, you get the higher score. Not bad, O’Brian.”
“That’s because I am so angry. If you only knew how much my arm hurts.”
“We all learn from our mistakes. Now shoot another one.”
The fellows continued practicing shooting, while Jack told Eric about the rules of the tournament. “The number of the participants is unlimited, but each team can only have three members. The tournament consists of three rounds.
“First one is archery. One participant shoots the targets while riding a horse through the obstacles. I’ll be doing that one. The other part of the archery round is shooting from horseback, but without riding. Hector will take care of that one. Then there is shooting the targets while standing on the ground. That part is yours.”
“I’ll take that,” Eric said, and shot another arrow. “What’s next?”
“Javelin throwing. The first one throws the javelins on horseback, riding the obstacles. This time, both the second and the third participants throw the spears riding a horse, but without obstacles.”
Eric bent to the leather quiver and took another arrow. “And the third is jousting, right?”
“Right. The two teams with the highest points participate in the jousting round, where the winner will be decided. The bad part is that it’s not very easy. The good part is that wooden spears are used.”
“Haven’t they always been used for jousting?”
“Not in Hollow,” Jack said. “There was a time long ago when the knights would use real arms. There were so many fatal injuries that the Town Hall banned real weapons from the tournaments. Soon the hotheaded knights raised so much ado of it that the Town Hall made amendments in the regulation. It is still possible to use real arms, but only if one of the parties asks for it. The other party can refuse, but then they will be declared losers. Don’t worry,” Jack added, noting Eric’s confused face, “Real weapons haven’t been used in Hollow for over two hundred years. People aren’t as thickheaded as they used to be. Now shoot that last arrow, and we shall rest before taking up the lances. If we have time, I’ll teach you swordsmanship, too.”
At last the long-awaited time came, and the young men rested for a while. Eric lay down on the grass and closed his eyes. The drowsiness was overpowering, but the very moment he started falling asleep, Jack sat by him and called his name. He was holding something in his hands. With a closer look, it appeared to be a tattered diary.
“This is something I want you to read,” Jack said.
“What is it?”
“It’s a diary that belonged to a woman named Amelia Wicker. She wrote about the beginning of the witch hunt. Her diary describes nature’s changes and other anomalies, but most importantly, it talks about the trials of the witches and their friends.”
Eric took the old diary. It was torn, dog-eared, and smelled of herbs. “Where did you get it from?”
“You don’t want to know,” Hector replied, reclining on the grass nearby.
“Well?”
“Just read it. You’ll get to ask the questions later. Do it fast, we have to take it back,” Jack warned him.
After more exhausting hours, Eric headed to the veterinarian clinic where Dr. Robinson and Cassandra were happy to receive his help, as they always needed additional hands.
The clinic was situated on the first floor of one of the stone buildings on the square. It had three chambers: a reception room, an operating theatre, and an isolation ward. The place shone with whiteness and cleanliness. The tiles on the floor were decorated with animal paws and bird feet, and the walls were covered with photos of animals, as well as certificates and diplomas that Dr. Robinson had received throughout his career.
When Eric entered the hospital, Dr. Robinson and Cassandra were attending an enormous Tibetan Mastiff, which was so big there was hardly space for it on the metallic table.
“My goodness! What is this?” Eric exclaimed.
“You are right on time, my boy,” Dr. Robinson said. “Go wash your hands and come here. We might need help with this one.”
The giant dog was so big it resembled a fluffy hybrid of a lion and a bear. At least the dog was calm, and while approaching it Eric hoped that it would continue to stay as tranquil and still.
“Eric, right?” Dr. Robinson asked, holding the dog’s paw while Cassandra applied a bandage to it. Eric nodded. “Cassandra told me about you. If you are as good a fellow as she described you, I am only happy to receive your help. That’s right, Cassie, tight but gentle.”
The dog was lying there calmly, though its wound seemed to be big and painful. It growled once, but Cassandra managed to soothe the animal.
“Almost done, my girl,” Dr. Robinson said, and turned to Eric. “The important part is not to be scared of the animal that needs your help. You seem to be so scared of Fluffy you won’t even come closer.”
Eric smirked. “No worries. I have seen bigger animals.”
“Keep in mind that animals can be unpredictable. You always need to remember about caution. Now turn around to that shelf near you and hand me the scissors.”
Eric gave Dr. Robinson the scissors, then took the remnants of the bandages and put them on another shelf. He then helped Dr. Robinson lower the giant dog to the floor and, escorted by Cassandra, took it to the isolation ward full of cages with dogs, cats, hares, raccoons, and even wolves and hawks.
“We keep them here until they heal. Then they either go back to their owners, or are set free in the woods where we have found them. See this wolf?” Cassandra pointed to a snow-white cub with silver eyes and a bandaged paw. “She had gotten into a trap. I found her and brought her to Dr. Robinson. She’ll be ready to go back to the forest next week.”
Cassandra told Eric about the animals in the cages, and explained to him how they had to be fed, bathed, and taken care of. As he had already learnt some things during his internship back in his homeland, Eric fed the animals and even managed to bathe one of the dogs, then dried and combed its glossy hair. When he was locking the dog back in its cage, Cassandra returned to the ward.
“I am happy to have you near,” she said, smiling. “Let’s quickly have lunch and come back to our patients. And meanwhile you can tell me about the clinic in your hometown.”
5. Diary

Eric reached his uncle’s house by dinnertime. This time he didn’t lie to Albert and told him all about the training sessions and about working at the clinic. He also told him about working at Pickering’s and that he wouldn’t quit, despite the McCormacks' possible displeasure.
“Daddy, does that mean the ban is over?” Eleanora asked eagerly.
“No,” he replied in a strict voice. “Not for you.”
“But why? Why can he go there and I can’t?” she cried with despair.
“Because sooner or later, Eric will leave Hollow, but you belong here. You are my daughter—”
“That is unfair!” Eleanora shouted, and ran to her room with tears in her eyes. Eric went after her.
“Albert, maybe it is time to put an end to that stupid ban?” Riona asked. 
Her husband shook his head and gave out a heavy sigh. “I don’t know what to do. I really don’t. I wish I could, but I know how displeased Peter will be, and the field that feeds us belongs to his family.” He put the pipe on the table and sat with a thoughtful face. “Riona, I wish I could put an end to this, but I can’t. They will never agree. I don’t even know what I shall tell them about Eric if they ask me.”
Eric went upstairs and knocked on his cousin’s door. She didn’t respond.
“Nora, please open the door. Let us talk. I don’t want to see you upset.” 
Eleanora still made no sound and didn’t open the door until little Henry came up the stairs and asked his sister to let him in. She was forced to open the door and let them both inside.
“Nora, don’t be upset. We shall think of something to end the ban.”
Eleanora sat at the window and pretended she couldn’t hear Eric. She was sulky and tearful. Eric went near, saying, “I don’t want to tell you to go against your father’s wishes, but—”
“Just go away,” his cousin said.
“Nora—”
“Go away.” This time her voice was higher and harsher.
Eric left the room. He went to his bedroom and, keeping in mind Jack’s advice, did press-ups for an hour. Afterwards, tired and exhausted, Eric lay down and took the diary he had left on the bed earlier that evening. He looked at the first page. Apparently, it was not the first page of the diary. He could tell the first ten or twenty pages had been cut out.

March 13th
I asked Father what he thought about the weather. Received no answer. He is puzzled as much as I. I wonder what is happening. The birds in our garden were dead. They were lying on the ground in the grass and the withered bushes. Some were still moving their wings and tiny legs. Such a heartbreaking scene. We couldn’t cure any of them; they all died.

March 22nd
Father says he believes that the strange behavior of the weather has something to do with witchcraft. I don’t believe him. I don’t want to believe. I know the witches; they would never do anything harmful. I hope my father is wrong.

April 3rd
The sheriff paid us a visit today. I never said a word, but now I wonder if my silence might bring them more trouble. He was talking about dead horses, asking my father if he, as a veterinarian, could explain anything. Father said he couldn’t, and that’s exactly what De Roy Senior wished to hear. I am scared to think how this story might end.

April 25th
The rains continue. Thunderbolts tear the skies. It rains in the morning. It rains in the afternoon and in the evening. Sometimes we are lucky enough to get a glimpse of sunshine, but it doesn’t last long.
Every time I hear someone quarrel, the argument is followed with a thunderclap and a storm. I don’t think it’s a coincidence. I have asked my friends and neighbors to stop the quarrels and fights, but they won’t listen to me. Sometimes I feel some of them are pleased with the fights. They seem to add oil into the fire of frays and enjoy the clashes between neighbors, friends, and family members.

April 30th
Today I saw a strange creature. They called him Hunter. I have never felt more dread in my life. What was it? It was not human, or was it? No. No human could give me as much fright as the sight of that man. How black was his face. Or was there a face at all? I still tremble when I think about him. So empty, so much like a void.

May 4th
They came after Valeria and Sofia today. They took them away just like they had taken away their husbands. Heaven have mercy on us.

May 11th
I can hardly hold the pen in my hands while I’m writing. They took me away yesterday. They are taking away everybody who has even the slightest connection to the witches. They were sure I knew where Andromeda was hiding with the children. I am happy I didn’t. I am not sure I wouldn’t have given away their whereabouts; that is how scared I was. That place is Hell. No way out. They threatened me with fire, but those threats were nothing compared to the voices I heard behind the black iron doors. I don’t think I will ever forget those sounds. Was it Nicholas? Or was it Anthony? And where is Valeria? Where is my poor friend?

May 13th
I just came back from the trial, if I can call that theatre a fair trial. Judge Alistair’s behavior was cynical. He knew Valeria was telling the truth but did everything to cast a bad light upon her and her family. Those witnesses were nothing but circus clowns. They claimed they had seen Val performing witchcraft. She has never done anything bad or illegal. Some of those men she had been nursing back to life. What a bunch of ungrateful folk! They said she had been giving them vials with strangely smelling liquids and had forced them to drink it against their wishes. They voiced so many lies; it was unbearable. Judge Alistair ordered a trial by fire. They can’t do that with her. She is innocent, she is a mother, and she carries a child. I have to do something to help her.

May 15th
It puzzles me that I can find strength to write about what I have just witnessed. But my mental anguish is nothing compared to what Valeria Ainsley, Rosaline MacGavin, and five other young women had to go through. Judge Alistair ordered them to walk over live coals. They did it. All seven. They burned their feet. How hard it was for me to sit there and watch that barbarity, but I didn’t leave for Valeria. I wanted her to know that her friends were with her. I wish I could erase their cries of agony from my mind. And I wish that was the only trial, but I know that Judge Alistair is only warming up.

May 17th
Today they gave the girls poisoned food. They were supposed to eat it. If they could vomit the food, then the Judge would set them free. None of the girls wanted to put that poison into their mouths, but De Roy Senior threatened them with lashes. After some blows, they swallowed the poisoned bread. Six of them vomited. Rosaline did not. She died in convulsions.

May 19th
Another trial. This time Judge Alistair ordered them to retrieve a stone from a cauldron with boiling oil. Poor girls. None of them could fulfil the task. They would put their hand inside and draw it out that very moment, screaming in pain. They had burnt their feet. Now they burnt their hands. Be damned, Alistair! He declared them guilty. All six.

May 20th
I talked to Peter. I asked about Valeria and her family. He said nothing. His silence was frightening. Still, I know he won’t let it happen; I am almost sure of it. I know there is a plan, and Valeria will be saved from the dungeon along with the rest.

May 22nd
They killed them. All of them. Some died in the dungeon after the tortures. Those who survived were burnt at the stake. They killed those girls. They burnt Valeria and Nicholas. They forced us to watch. “Only a witch will not watch another witch burn,” De Roy Senior proclaimed, and forced us all to the square. Peter was there. He was in dark clothing like the rest of the Hunters, his face covered with a black material, but I saw his blue eyes and recognized him instantly. He watched them burn.

Eric put the diary aside and greedily breathed air. The insides of his palms had sweated. He opened the window, and the wind gushed into the small room. Eric again breathed deeply and returned his eyes to the torn pages. He couldn’t believe what he had just read. Eric read the first pages again. Valeria and Nicholas, those were Electra’s parents. They had been burnt on the stake. Does she know about this? Eric thought. Probably not. Jack would never let her read that diary.
Rosaline MacGavin, Hector’s mother. Eric thought about his friend. Now Hector knew what had happened to his mother. His suspicion was valid, she had been murdered. Eric thought about what Hector might have felt when he had read that diary. He couldn’t know that Hector had squeezed the pages in his hands and cried the whole night, hardly suppressing the wish to go to the judge’s house and strangle him. The fellow had calmed himself with the idea that it was too soon, but had sworn to see Judge Alistair dead.
Eric pondered over the weather anomalies. What if it was not a coincidence, and those Hunters might be coming back to Hollow? He spent the whole night reading the diary. Sleep and rest were forgotten; all he needed was to know how the witch hunt ended. But the diary didn’t give him the answers he was looking for. It was unfinished. He couldn’t sleep that night, couldn’t stop thinking about the Hunters, the trials, the tortures, and the witches. He needed to know more, and wished Jack had other diaries that would shed some light on that blood-chilling story.
6. Birthday

On Sunday, Hector’s friends had prepared a birthday party for him in the Cauldron and Broom, Andromeda’s restaurant. When Eric arrived, the party had already begun. The place was full of music and dancing. He saw lots of familiar faces such as Dr. Robinson, woodcutter Acks, Dahlia and Frank O’Conner, Ariadne’s parents, Raymond—who didn’t take his eyes off Cassandra, Rose and Duncan McKennits with their sons, Shay MacGavin, dozens of people from the West Bank, and, of course, the owners of the restaurant, who had laid long tables full of delicious meals.
Eric looked around. It was the strangest restaurant he had ever seen. The place was colorful, with beautifully carved furniture, silver mugs, and china glassware. The walls were decorated with paintings of stars, conical hats, and black cats. Brooms, small cauldrons, and old cuckoo clocks were hanging on the walls. Tall dolls of one-toothed witches with messy grey hair and big crooked noses were standing in the corners, moving their heads and hands whenever someone passed nearby, while strange-looking marionettes, hanging from the ceiling by elastic strings, were dancing up and down to the cheerful music of pipes and flutes.
Eric hadn’t been expecting to see a place so funny and amusing. He stood in the middle of the hall, looking around and getting in the way of the waitresses in black outfits, cone-shaped hats, and striped black and white stockings. Their trays were full of a diversity of meals and drinks: canapés with yellow and white cheese, banana bread, onion scones, mustard-roasted potatoes, trout with sliced carrots, and chicken with spicy chutney, which looked so inviting that Eric couldn’t help following one of the girls who carried the tempting meals. To his regret, Eric lost sight of the waitress and her tray, but luckily Electra found him before he got lost among all the brooms and cauldrons. She came from behind and kissed his cheek. Eric turned around.
“Hey, beautiful, it’s good you found me.”
“I noticed you were a little lost,” she said. “Do you like this place?”
“This is the most unusual restaurant I have ever seen.”
“Have you already congratulated Hector?”
“Um, no, not yet,” Eric said. “I couldn’t find him.”
“Come then.” Electra took him by the hand.
The place was so crowded and noisy that even Electra had difficulty in reaching Hector. She dragged Eric after her. The boy was not looking where he was going, instead glancing to his sides, and once in a while pinching food from the trays. While they were looking for Hector, Medea ran to Electra, the fire of anticipation burning in her eyes.
“El, it’s time for the present. Hurry!”
“Present time?” Eric asked, swallowing a cheese canapé.
“We have prepared a present for Hector,” she replied hastily. “We have to get ready.”
“What kind of present is that?” Eric asked with curiosity.
“Oh, no time to explain now,” Medea said. “Wait a minute, and you’ll see.”
Medea dragged Electra up the stairs, and the latter only managed to say, “She’s right, it’s time already. Hector is near the candy machine with Jack.” She then blew him a kiss and disappeared upstairs.
Eric found Hector and Jack by the candy machine, in the company of pretty young ladies. A pile of boxes wrapped in colorful papers and ribbons was lying on the table nearby.
“Happy birthday.” Eric put a small box near the rest.
“Thank you,” Hector smiled. “And as propriety demands, let me say that you shouldn’t have to worry about a present.”
“No worries,” Eric smiled back. “I got it from the Old Curiosity Shop. To tell you the truth, I have no idea what those things inside the box are, but Pickering told me it’s the best present for an adult blacksmith.”
Jack took his friend's present and tore off the paper. There was a wooden box under the colored paper, and opening it, Jack looked inside with curiosity. “Hair pins made of fish bones?” Jack muttered, and all three boys burst out laughing.
“Why that man keeps mocking me is beyond my understanding,” Eric said through laughter. “Can’t believe I paid for that!”
Eric felt a vibration in his pocket. He took his mobile out and glanced at the screen. It was his father calling. As the place was too noisy for a phone conversation, Eric went outside the restaurant. When he came back, he saw the three witches with violins in their hands, singing a song for Hector while the audience clapped rhythmically.
 “A blacksmith courted me6
Nine months and better.
He fairly won my heart
Wrote me a letter.
With his hammer in his hand
He looked quite clever.
And if I was with my love
I’d live forever.

“But where is my love gone
With his cheeks like roses.
And his good black billycock on
Decked round with primroses.
I fear the shining sun
May burn and scorch his beauty.
And if I was with my love
I'd do my duty.

“Strange news is come to town
Strange news is carried.
Strange news flies up and down
That my love is married.
I wish them both much joy
Though they can't hear me.
And may God reward him well
For the slighting of me.

“Don’t you remember when
You lay beside me.
And you said you’d marry me
And not deny me.
If I said I'd marry you
It was only to try you.
So bring your witness love
And I'll not deny you.

“No witness have I, none
Save God Almighty.
And may he reward you well
For the slighting of me.
Her lips grew pale and wan
It made a poor heart tremble.
To think she loved a one
And he proved deceitful.

“A blacksmith courted me
Nine months and better
He fairly won my heart
Wrote me a letter.
With his hammer in his hand
He looked quite clever.
And if I was with my love
I'd live forever.”

The guests had begun a cheerful dance, accompanied by the witches’ violins. Everyone had found a pair: young and old, married or single, everyone was dancing but Hector, who was sitting on a chair near the candy machine, smiling and laughing shyly. When the song ended, Hector was radish-red. He loved the girls like sisters, and the girls loved Hector dearly. They sympathized with him, for he, like them, never had a mother. The girls had their aunt as a mother for them, but the poor boy never knew what motherly love and care was. He was brought up by his father, and though Shay MacGavin was a good father for his son, Hector still longed for the gentle and loving mother he had lost long ago. Andromeda and her nieces did their best to give him the love and tenderness he longed for so much.
When the applause stopped, a cake with five tiers was carried into the hall to rapturous cries of the guests, for none had ever seen a cake as big and colorful, adorned with the sweetest crème, yellow and blue meringues, and fresh fruits.
“Make a wish, my dear,” Andromeda said when Hector stepped forward and stood in front of the multi-colored mountain with eighteen candles. Hector thought for a moment and blew the candles. Just then the music started again, leading the guests to another dance. Andromeda and Rose McKennit took the knives and began cutting the cake and putting slices into plates.
“Aunt Andromeda, Mrs. McKennit, let me help you,” Ariadne said, approaching them.
“Sweetheart, why won’t you go dance and let the grownups take care of the cake?” Andromeda smiled. Jack approached Ariadne and took her by the hand.
“Come, princess, you’ll have the cake later,” he said with his usual charming smile which always gained Ariadne’s attention and won her heart.
Something in Jack’s appearance seemed to worry Andromeda. She stopped him by putting her hand on his shoulder, and asked, “My dear, are you feeling well? You seem pale to me.”
“I’m fine, mom” he said, and he and Ariadne joined the dancing couples, among which were Hector and Medea, Eric and Electra, and Cassandra and Raymond. The last couple appeared to be the most fond of dancing. They almost never left each other’s company and kept dancing till the end of the party, as if not noticing anything around them.

7. Boat Ride

The boys were lucky to have a rainless morning and trained as long as they managed before fatigue overtook them. And after they were unexpectedly blessed with a pleasant, warm evening, the fellows invited the girls for a boat ride.
“So what do you think about those couples?” Eric asked Electra, pointing to their company in the boats.
“Couples? I see only one couple, and that is Cassie and Raymond.”
“Tell me about them. How did they start dating?”
“Ah, that is one charming story. Raymond’s younger sister, Bonnie, has a cat named Rufus, who got sick. They took the cat to the clinic where Cassandra works. Apparently the cat had major health issues, and Dr. Robinson kept it in the clinic for some days. Bonnie visited it every day, and Raymond accompanied her. He grew fond of Cassandra more and more with each day. When the cat recovered and Bonnie took it home, Raymond found any small excuse to visit the clinic. First, he didn’t like the cat's behavior. Then he was worried about its appetite. On the fourth day, the cat seemed pale to him. This lasted for some weeks, until he finally asked Cassie out.”
“Funny story,” Eric said, moving the oars. “And what do you think of Raymond?”
“I don’t know.” Electra looked at the boat that was carrying her sister and Raymond in the middle of the bluish lake. “He seems to be fond of her and he is a nice young man. And Cassie likes him very much, I know that, but—” she went quiet.
“But?”
“Oh, I don’t know. He is twenty-one, rich, and used to live on the East Bank.”
“Used to?”
“Raymond is the heir of Duchess Iphigenia. He grew up without knowing his grandmother, because many years ago his father—Robert Von Aringwen, fell in love with the miller’s daughter and married her against Duchess Iphigenia’s wishes,” Electra told the fellow’s story.
“That sounds romantic.”
“Not as romantic as it seems. The old Dowager didn’t forgive her son and deprived him of everything. Raymond’s father lost the title, the wealth, and left the county of Ornshire. Several years ago they came to live in Hollow. A year ago Robert Von Aringwen died of illness, and his wife followed him shortly after.”
“I didn’t know that. Poor fellow.”
“At least the end is happier than the beginning and the middle of this story.” Electra glanced back at Raymond, who had bent over the boat and was spattering water at Cassandra, while she was laughing and trying to avoid the splashes.
“And how did it end?”
“Learning about her son’s and his wife’s deaths, the Duchess invited Raymond and Bonnie to live with her in the county. Raymond now splits his time between Hollow and Ornshire, but I am sure soon he will permanently reside in the county.”
“Seems a happy ending to me.”
“For Raymond maybe. But not for us,” she said sulkily.
“Are you saying that because Raymond lived on the East Bank? You seem a bit biased; I live there too.”
“I am not biased, why am I constantly being called so?” Electra muttered. “I just don’t know what is going on in that head of his. What does he want? He is twenty-one. He might have serious thoughts about Cassie, but she will soon only turn seventeen; she can’t marry so soon.”
“Oh, Elie, don’t you say you’re already thinking about Cassie’s marriage! Maybe he hasn’t even thought about that!”
“How should I know? The only reason he comes to Hollow is to see Cassie. He might take her away from us. And she is so much in love she may not even think twice.”
Eric looked at the boat carrying Raymond and Cassandra, who were still splashing water at each other and laughing. “I think you are ahead of time. It doesn’t seem to me that they are discussing their upcoming marriage,” he added, laughing.
Electra managed a smile, but Eric’s words were exactly what she feared. The idea that Cassandra could leave Hollow, could leave their home and her sisters, and go to live in Duchess Iphigenia’s residence, filled her with dread. She wasn’t ready for such changes in their lives, and though she considered her thoughts egoistic, she still hoped that her Cassie would not agree to leave her family so soon for a new life with Raymond.
“What about Jack? Don’t you consider him and Ariadne a couple?” Eric asked, resting his glance on Jack's boat, which was slowly gliding across the calm surface of the lake.
“I don’t even know what to say about those two.” Electra shrugged. “They puzzle me the most. I think Ariadne is in love with him, though I may be wrong. Still, I can’t call them a couple, for Jack,” Electra looked at her brother, “he is always so serious, and seldom shows emotions. Do you know that your cousin broke his heart?” she added.
Eric looked at her in bewilderment. “My cousin? Nora? Nora broke his heart?”
Electra nodded. “It was years ago. They were only children. I know he adored her, and I remember she was fond of him too, but then she refused to see him or talk to him, and poor Jack was left heartbroken.”
“Tell me more about that,” Eric said, astonished. “I can’t believe Nora and Jack were—”
“Sweethearts. Yes, they were in love, as much as children can be. He had built a treehouse for her, and they spent a lot of time there. Remind me to show you that house one of these days.”
“Oh, I surely will. Unbelievable.” Eric shook his head. “She never ever told me that. I wonder what happened.”
“The ban happened. People on the East Bank, obeying the Council's ban, ceased communication with us.”
“I see now why Uncle Albert is always so gloomy when he comes back from the McCormacks—they probably chide him because of me,” Eric said, sighing. “I wonder what ending this whole story will have.”
They stayed silent for a while, each thinking about the same thing and the possible consequences.
“And what about those two?” Eric asked, pointing at Medea and Hector.
Electra gave out a short laugh. “No way they are a couple.”
“Why not? They look nice together.”
“Maybe.” Electra threw a long glance at her sister and their friend. “But Hector is our brother. We love him as much as we love Jack. He can never be a sweetheart for us. I am sure of it.”
“You might be sure about yourself, but don’t speak for Medea.”
“I am more confident about Medea than about me,” she said, and noticing an inquiry on Eric’s face, hurried to explain. “She has never been interested in anyone. Medea, she is different, unlike any girl I have ever met, unlike anyone. She is … just different.”
The sun began to set. Eric left the oars and settled himself at Electra’s feet while they both admired the beauty of the tawny sunset. The lake, surrounded by the Mysterious Forest on one side, and by the snowy mountains on the other, reflected the emerald sky afire with the last long rays of the withdrawing sun. When the final thin rays disappeared from the horizon, the skies darkened, and the water, copying the dull cotton clouds above, resembled an old grey mirror with an undistinguishable reflection. Electra noticed a sudden radiance under the water, which disappeared immediately. She bent over, trying to see what blazed inside the lake, but whatever it was, the glow was gone. Eric bent with her, then turned to Electra and looked into her bright eyes, which seemed to have sheltered the vanished sunshine. Electra smiled at him. Eric smiled back and raised his head a little, trying to reach her lips, but just then the necklace with the pendant on Electra's neck fell into the water with a bulky sound. Startled, Electra put her hand on her bosom and looked despairingly into the grey water.
“My medallion,” she said in a voice full of sorrow.
Eric shoved his hand into the water to take the necklace out, but the lake was deep. He would have to jump into the water to find the ornament, and he was about to do that when Electra stopped him. 
“No, no,” she said. “Don’t do that.”
“Why? I’ll get it back.”
“It’s starting to rain; you can’t jump into the water while under the rain.”
She was right; drops were already hitting the surface of the lake, and the fellows were drawing their boats to the shore.
“Hey, sweethearts,” Hector cried out, “noticed the rain?”
Eric waved his hand, telling him they were coming, and rode the boat to the shore.
Next morning, when passing by the shore, Electra noticed familiar sneakers on the grass. After some more steps she saw Eric standing in the water up to his waist, holding a long stick with which he was trying to find the pendant. Electra headed to the low cliff and sat on it. Eric was too absorbed in his work to notice her until she spoke.
“Be careful, mermaids might take you away.”
Eric looked around to see where the voice was coming from, and saw Electra sitting on the cliff. 
“What about the mermaids?” he asked.
“I said they may take you away, so don’t stay long in the water.”
In other times Eric might have considered her words a joke, but he remembered well the winter day and the freezing water. He looked anxiously around.
Electra laughed at him. “Don’t worry; they don’t swim so close to the shore.”
“Yes they do,” he said, and trudged to the cliff through the water. “Sorry, sweetheart, I can’t find it. Maybe one of the mermaids has taken it away?”
“I highly doubt it,” Electra said with a smile. 
Eric came nearer and leaned his wet hand on the black rock where Electra was sitting. 
“Get out of the water, you look pale. You may get sick, if you’re not already,” she chided him.
“Would that upset you?”
“Of course it would! Come, get out and take a walk with me.”
Eric stretched his hand and touched her hair with his wet fingers. “Do you know that you are the most beautiful girl in the world?”
Electra smiled and took his hand. “Get out of the water.”
“On one condition.”
“What condition?”
“Kiss me,” he said, stroking her cheek. “Otherwise, I’ll stay in the water.” 
Electra said nothing, and instead kept looking at him with a smile. 
“Then I’ll catch a cold. Get sick. Die,” he declared. Electra laughed out loud. “I thought you would be upset,” Eric pouted.
“Don’t worry, I won’t let you die,” she said.
“You are doing that already. The more you wait, the colder I get.”
“Instead of all this talking, you could have just asked me,” Electra said, still smiling.
“Kiss me, please!” Eric said, and reached out to her. Electra carefully leaned down to his lips, but a sudden rain poured so heavily that she shrieked.
“Get out of the water, hurry!”
Eric jumped on the cliff where Electra was sitting, and they hurried to the shore where he had left his sneakers. He took them from the ground, and without putting them on, grabbed Electra’s hand and looked for a sanctuary from the heavy raindrops hitting them. The castle ruins were nearby, and there, under one of the half destroyed arches, they found a cover to hide from the downpour. Eric let Electra go deeper inside the arch while he, still barefoot and with his wet trousers rolled up to his knees, stood at the entrance and looked at the grey sky.
“This may take a while,” he said, leaning his hands on the columns of the narrow arch.
Electra looked at the sky from behind his shoulder. “I don’t like this rain,” she said, leaning her head on his back. 
Eric turned his head and looked at her. “I won’t let anything happen to you.” He dropped his head back and kissed her on the lips, and while they were kissing, a vibrant rainbow appeared above the ruins and crossed the sky from one side to the other.




8. Lash and Blood

Eric met Dr. Robinson at the clinic’s front door. The doctor asked him to help Cassandra while he took care of a horse with a wounded leg in the stable nearby. When Eric entered the ward, Cassandra was putting a bandage on the paw of a wolf cub and softly singing under her breath:
 “As I went out one May morning 7,
One May morning betime,
I met a maid from home had strayed,
Just as the sun did shine

“What makes you rise so soon, my dear,
Your journey to pursue?
Your pretty little feet they tread so sweet,
Strike off the morning dew.”

Eric looked at the little black cub lying calmly on the table while Cassandra took care of its wound. Her voice had a soothing effect on the little animal. It was lying motionless and looking at her as she gently wrapped white gauze around its paw.
“Can I help you with it?” Eric asked her.
Startled, Cassandra turned around. “Eric! I had no idea we were not alone,” she said, then kissed the cub’s little paw. “There you go, my love.”
“Is he going to be alright?”
“She. It’s a girl. She had gotten into a trap, poor thing. I found her today and rushed to the clinic.”
“What are you planning to do after she recovers?” Eric took the used syringe and pieces of bandage from the table.
“She’ll go back to her mother. But while she recovers, she’ll stay in the isolation ward with the other animals.”
“Should I take her there now?”
“Yes, please.”
Eric carefully took the cub and vanished behind the door. Cassandra went back to singing under her breath while washing the flasks and vials.
“How gloriously the sun doth shine, 
How pleasant is the air; 
I'd rather rest on my true love's breast
Than any other where.

“For I am thine and thou art mine
No man shall uncomfort thee.
We'll join our hands in wedded bands
And a-married we shall be.”

She heard footsteps behind and said with a smile, “What is it? Problems in the ward?” Cassandra turned around and stood motionless. It was not Eric. Dickens McCormack was standing before her with a dog in his hands. Cassandra became nervous. Dickens didn’t seem pleased with her presence either; he had been hoping to see Dr. Robinson. The silence lasted for some seconds. Cassandra soon broke it and asked, “What is wrong with the dog?”
“Where is Dr. Robinson?”
“He’s not here, and if the dog needs help, I’ll take care of it.”
“I shall wait for the doctor,” Dickens said coldly.
Cassandra felt relieved when Eric stepped in. “What are you doing here?” he asked, and approaching Cassandra, whispered to her, “Did he insult you?”
She shook her head. “The dog needs help,” she said.
“Then why won’t he put it on the table so that you can examine it?” Eric asked, well aware of Dickens’ attitude.
“I’ll wait for the vet.”
“Just leave the dog and get out. We’ll take care of it,” Eric said, but Dickens only smirked.
“I wouldn’t even trust you to clean my boots, let alone touch my dog.”
Eric would’ve hit him in the face if Cassandra hadn’t grabbed his hand and stopped him. “Please,” she said, “he is provoking you. Don't go down to his level.”
“Alright,” Eric muttered. “So, will you at least let us see what the problem with the dog is? Dr. Robinson is away. That dog must have a serious problem if you have brought it here. Are you going to let it suffer because you can’t get off your high horse?”
Dickens at last put the dog on the table and let Cassandra take a look at its wound.
“Poor thing,” she said, examining the wound on the dog’s belly. “Who has done this to him?” She looked at Dickens.
“Just take care of him and ask no more,” he said, irritated.
“Can you behave yourself? She’s trying to help your dog!”
Dr. Robinson returned while Cassandra was putting stitches on the dog. Noting her uneasiness in the presence of one of the McCormacks, the veterinarian said, “You can go out, dear. Go breathe some fresh air. I shall finish it.”
Cassandra eagerly obeyed and left the ward. She went out and looked around the street. The weather was gloomy. Though it wasn’t raining, the sky was grey, dark clouds had gathered above, and a cool wind was blowing and waving her hair in the air. The morning had been brighter, and she wasn’t dressed warm enough for the cool afternoon, but Cassandra preferred staying out in the cold a little rather than going back to the clinic while Dickens McCormack was there. She was just recovering from the unpleasant feeling that his presence had caused her when she saw the sheriff riding in a carriage. He looked angry and displeased as always. Cassandra looked at his face and the mask that covered it, wondering what had happened to the sheriff’s face and why he always carried that displeased countenance.
In the middle of the road something happened to the sheriff’s horse: it stopped and refused to move. Sheriff hit the reins several times, but the horse didn't budge. Then De Roy took his lash and hit the horse with all his might. The animal winced in agony. Sheriff hit it again and again, but the horse, neighing aloud, still wouldn’t move. Cassandra ran to the carriage and tried to take the lash out of De Roy's hand. He pushed her aside, and when Cassandra made another attempt, De Roy whipped her with the lash. Cassandra screeched. The lash cut her shoulder so bad that it bled, and the pain made her fall. De Roy raised his hand, and when Cassandra tried to get up on her feet, he lashed her once more.
“Damned witch!” the sheriff shouted.
Eric came out upon hearing the voices. He saw Cassandra lying near the carriage, De Roy with the lash, and passersby staring at them open-mouthed. When De Roy was about to hit again, Eric rushed to Cassandra and covered her with his body. The lash hit him in the back. Eric winced. When the sheriff raised his hand for another blow, some of the townspeople at last recovered their senses enough to react. They ran to the carriage, voicing demands to stop whipping the children. Two officers, passing nearby, hurried to the sheriff, seeing how mad he was and knowing well that his madness might be uncontrollable. When the sheriff was distracted, Cassandra, still protected by Eric, raised her eyes and looked at the horse kicking and trying to get free of the carriage. Cassandra closed her eyes and clenched her fingers into a fist; the next moment the harness broke down, letting the horse free.
“Run, Jupiter!” she shouted, and the horse rushed away.
The horse’s escape angered the sheriff so much that he prepared to hit Eric and Cassandra once again, but his officers held his hand, trying to pacify him. Eric got up, and hugging Cassandra by her waist, took her to the door of the clinic while the officers calmed De Roy and the shocked townspeople stared at them. Dr. Robinson and Dickens, holding his dog in his hands, had come out upon hearing the voices and stood as dumbfounded as the rest of those present. When Eric and Cassandra reached the clinic, Dr. Robinson took them inside to take care of their bleeding shoulders and backs.


9. Admonition

The McCormacks’ maid escorted Uncle Albert to the living room, where Peter McCormack was waiting for him, sitting on a velvet couch, holding a cigar in his one hand and a sheet of sealed and signed paper in the other.
“Peter, what has happened?” Albert asked as soon as the maid closed the door behind him.
“First of all, hello,” Peter said, and took a puff on the cigar, then pointed to the armchair. “Greeting is good manners and etiquette. And following the treaties is another way to show good manners as well as the existence of principles.”
Albert sat down in the armchair. “Peter, I can guess what you will talk about, but before you say anything, listen to me. The boy is my nephew, he has his own parents; I am not his father, I can’t tell him what to do—”
“Yes you can. You did that last year. You can, you have the right. He is your guest, and obeying the wishes of the host in whose house you’re living in is another example of good manners. I see that ill manners run in the O’Brian family.”
“He’s not a little child; I can’t control him twenty-four hours a day. I am already having trouble controlling my own children.”
“Are you?” Peter asked, his eyes fixed on his guest, and Albert realized he had said something that he shouldn’t have said. “What is it with your children? Are they disobeying you? What is wrong with you, Albert? Why are you losing control over the people who live in your house?”
“Because they are growing up. It was easier when our children were younger, but now they are capricious, they disobey, they ask questions—”
“My children never disobey. They never ask questions. They trust me unconditionally. And they know that if their father has done something, then it is for their own good. Look at this paper, Albert. Read it, for I see you have forgotten what is written here. No communication with the witches! You signed it! We all signed it! We had a reason. We care for our children. The witch is cunning. Remember Colin! Remember the others!” he shouted.
“It is about us and our children. Eric is not my child. I answer for him, but I can’t make him do something he doesn’t want to.”
“That is such a bad excuse. You think I can’t see that you are only trying to fool me? If you can’t control him, then send him away.”
“I can’t, I have promised my cousin.”
“So now your promise means a lot. But the signed treaty doesn’t have the same value to you! Mind you, it was also a promise. Your promise! You signed it, you became one of us, and you agreed to help the Hunters if they appear.”
“I signed it only because I was sure they wouldn’t be back.”
“What makes you so sure?”
“They have nothing to do in Hollow. This place is safe now. We don’t have any kind of black magic happening in the town.”
“And again, what makes you so sure? Or don’t you notice the way the weather behaves? Doesn’t it remind you of anything?”
Albert sighed and bowed his head. “Peter, please don’t continue. You have children, I have children; we are wiser now, and we can’t let anything like that happen again.”
“Our children are perfectly safe, my friend. At least, the ones whose parents follow the treaty.”
Albert jumped to his feet. “Are you threatening my children?” he burst out.
“Calm down, I never said anything of the kind. I am telling you what consequences the disobedience might bring. I’ll give you some time to think. I hope you won’t disappoint me.”
Albert O’Brian couldn’t find anything else to say in his defense. He was worried about the future of his family, and he knew well that he might be left without a job. Disheartened, Albert left without saying goodbye.
Caitlin McCormack, having entered the living room at the end of the conversation, threw a strict glance at Albert, and turning to her husband, said with irritation, “Peter, you were too soft with him. You should have been stricter.”
Peter gave her an ambiguous look. There was something hateful and abhorring in his eyes, but Caitlin was looking out the window and didn’t see his glance. She watched Albert leave their courtyard, standing with her back to her husband, who was leaning on the shelf with glass figurines on the other side of the room.
“Why, Peter? Why were you so soft with him? Those witches have crossed the border. I hope another hunt will put them into their place.”
A sudden anger burst inside Peter McCormack. He took one of the figurines and threw it at the wall where his wife was standing by. The glass broke into pieces, scaring Caitlin, who screamed and turned around.
“Don’t you dare tell me what to do!” he shouted at her.
“Oh, Peter, I didn’t mean to, I was just angry with Albert—”
“Stop saying stupid things!” he shouted again.
Startled, Caitlin squeezed her fingers and bit her lips. Tears of fear glistened in her eyes. “I am sorry, Peter, I didn’t mean to.”
“You never had brains, and you think you can teach me what to do and how to talk? Woman, don’t you ever dare talk about the hunt with me!”
Dickens entered the room upon hearing the loud voices. He saw his mother with tearful eyes, then looked at his furious father.
“Take your mother and leave the room!” Peter demanded.
“What has happened?”
Peter laughed out loud and threw another irritated glance, this time at his son. “Are you as stupid as your mother? I said take her and leave the room. Get out!”
Dickens approached his mother and whispered to her, “Let’s go.”
She nodded, still sobbing, and they both left Peter alone. He again leaned on the shelf, buried his face in his hands, and gave out a long, heavy sigh.
10. Arrest

Cassandra asked Dr. Robinson and Eric not to tell anything to her family about being whipped by De Roy. Both disagreed. Dr. Robinson thought her family should know about it, and Eric said he couldn’t hide from her Uncle and Aunt something as terrible as being lashed by the sheriff. He was shaking with anger, so much that Dr. Robinson had to give him a double dose of sedatives. He wanted to take them to the hospital, but both of his interns assured him that they didn’t need to go the hospital and were already feeling better after Dr. Robinson had washed their wounds with antiseptic. As soon as the last idlers left the square, Dr. Robinson asked Eric to take Cassandra home.
When the family learnt what had happened, none of them found what to say at first. Everyone stood with gaping mouths and stared at Eric and Cassandra. Then, with the words “My little girl!” Andromeda threw herself at her niece.
“How did it happen?” Colin asked, examining Cassandra’s neck and shoulder.
“I am sorry, Uncle, I should have avoided him, but he was beating Jupiter. I had to stop it.”
“Jupiter?”
“The horse. The animal was scared of something, and De Roy began lashing it. Then I intervened, and he threw all his anger at me. Poor Eric came to help me, covered me with his body, and got whipped, too.”
Colin turned to Eric. “I am sorry, my boy. And thank you for standing up for her,” he said, and moved to the door.
“Colin! Colin, no, don’t go there!” Andromeda called after him.
“De Roy has completely lost his mind! What does he think? That he can lash our child, and we shall behave as nothing happened?”
“I’ll come with you,” Jack said, but his father told him to stay with his mother and cousins.
Colin left the room. Worried, Andromeda called after him, but he didn’t come back. She turned to her son. “Jack, go find Shay, or Alan, and tell them to help your father. De Roy will have him arrested.”
“I am sorry, I didn’t want to cause so much trouble,” Cassandra said after Jack dashed out of the hall.
Andromeda hugged her and kissed her brow. “It’s not your fault, my love. You did what was right.”
While Andromeda, Cassandra and Medea were comforting each other, hoping that Colin wouldn’t do anything to De Roy for which he could be arrested, Electra kissed Eric on the cheek and asked if he was feeling well.
“I’m fine,” he said. “I only got one lash, while Cassie received a whole whipping.” 
He clenched his fists, recollecting the scene with De Roy standing in the carriage and the whip in his hand. Cassandra was taken to another room, where Andromeda could have a better look at her wounds and take care of them. They told Electra to bring Eric to the Potion Room in ten minutes, but he said he didn’t need anything. “Dr. Robinson took care of me,” Eric told her. “I’m fine. Go, take care of your sister.”
“Aunt and Medea will do that,” Electra said. “I want to stay with you.” She put her hand on his cheek and stroked it. “Thank you.”
Eric put his palm over hers, then took her hand and touched it with his lips. “I love Hollow, but the townsfolk are so cruel. I had never seen anything like that in my life. He’s a grown up man, a sheriff; he should be wise and honest and just. What he did was immoral. And everyone was standing around and just staring at the scene. At least some of them helped us in the end.”
“They are scared of De Roy.”
“I have to admit that I’m scared of him too, but it didn’t stop me.”
“Because you are our friend.”
“Something tells me I’d do that for anyone.”
“I know,” she said, and kissed him.

~ * ~

Andromeda and the girls were sitting in the fireplace hall, waiting for Colin or Jack. Eric didn’t want to leave them, and was standing by the window, looking at the road.
“Eric, your tea is getting cold,” Electra said, trying to distract him from the anxious thoughts, though she was no less anxious.
“Thanks, but I don’t want tea.”
“Drink it, my dear,” Andromeda said. “It will soothe you; you are too stressed.”
“Thanks, Mrs. Fitzroy, but nothing can soothe me unless De Roy is punished.”
“I wouldn’t have much hope about that,” Medea said. “Who will punish him? The mayor? The judge? He himself? That is ridiculous.” She stood up and marched up and down the hall. “I am beginning to hate this place. One day I will leave Hollow and never be back.”
“Don’t say that,” Electra said. “It’s not Hollow’s fault. Bad people are everywhere.”
“She is right,” Cassandra said. “You can’t leave only because some people won’t behave nicely. There are still the ones who are not bad.”
“How can you say that?” Medea yelled. “Cassie, you have been whipped over nothing! You are not a murderer or a thief—”
“I am a witch.”
“It’s not reason enough to be whipped!”
“You are right,” she said, “but apparently De Roy thinks otherwise.”
“That’s what I am saying! The sheriff and half of the townspeople think they can whip us only because we were born this way. You hadn’t done anything bad, just tried to protect the horse. And what did you get? Lashes from the sheriff and no support from the townsfolk.”
“Eric helped me.”
“He’s not one of the townspeople.”
“Other people came to help, too.”
“After he hit you, then me, then tried to hit us again,” Eric said with disappointment.
“It’s because people were shocked. It was unexpected. But then they came to their senses; even two officers reached out to help us.”
“I wouldn’t say they were helping us, Cassie; rather, they were stopping De Roy.”
“It’s the same—”
“No, it is not,” Medea said. “Eric is right, I agree with everything he says. A girl is lashed, and they don’t even move.”
“They are scared of De Roy!”
“Why are you defending them?” Medea asked with irritation. “I don’t understand you, Cass, not at all.”
“All I’m saying is that not everyone is bad. Only because they didn’t rush to help us doesn’t mean they wanted us to be hurt or enjoyed the scene. I am telling you, I saw their faces. There are people on the East Bank that don’t wish us harm, which means that not the whole half of the town hates us. It’s only four or five families, and people don’t even like them much.”
“What you are saying is a lie. Four or five families? Not everyone likes them? You are just looking for an excuse for them.”
“Why would I look for an excuse?” Cassandra almost cried.
Medea was about to say something when a blast of thunder interrupted her. For some minutes the rain and the wind were making the only sounds; everyone else was silently staring at the sides, waiting for news. Eric noticed light through the closed window. Three silhouettes with lanterns crossed the courtyard in the darkness and rain and approached the door. It was Mr. Pickering, Jack, and Hector. They entered the fireplace hall, and under the intent gazes of those present sat down.
“Alan, what has happened? Where is my husband?” Andromeda couldn’t hold back her anxiety.
“He has been arrested,” Mr. Pickering said. “He punched the sheriff, and they arrested him. That was something he should have expected. When Jack came after Shay and me, Colin was already at the prefecture. He had a bad argument with De Roy, hit him, and got arrested. We demanded that De Roy let him go, another argument started, and Shay was arrested, too.”
Andromeda reached out and held Hector’s hand. “Everything will be fine,” she said. Hector slightly nodded.
“I then went to see Judge Alistair,” Mr. Pickering continued.
“Judge Alistair? Alan, did you really think he would help us?”
“I knew he wouldn’t, but my intention was not to ask his help; I got him to offer us a deal.”
“A deal?” Everyone looked at Alan Pickering, longing to know what he was up to. 
“I told the judge what De Roy had done in front of so many people and that we should be calling a Council meeting and demanding his resignation. Of course he couldn’t let that happen, so he was forced to offer a deal. He will convince De Roy to let Colin and Shay free, and we shall not demand the sheriff’s resignation.”
“Colin will not agree. He won’t let De Roy get away with this.”
“Then you’ll have to convince him. If it were only him, I don’t think we would be able to do that, but Shay has been arrested, too. It will force Colin to accept the deal. That was the best idea I could come up with at the moment,” Pickering said in his usual low voice. He looked at Cassandra. “I am sorry, sweetheart, for what has happened, and that I made this deal, but I couldn’t come up with anything better.”
“Don’t worry about me, Mr. Pickering. I want Uncle to come home. And I am sorry for your father, Hector. I want him to be set free, too.”
“It’s not your fault,” Hector said.
“Yes, dear, it’s not your fault.” Andromeda gave her another hug. “When will they be released?” she asked Alan Pickering.
“Judge Alistair will speak to De Roy, but we all know how stubborn that man is. Might take one or two days. Still, I am sure he will let them go. First, Judge Alistair is an authority over him, and second, De Roy doesn’t want to lose his position. I’m afraid he is getting ready for something.”
“For something?” Andromeda asked, concerned.
Mr. Pickering stood up and looked at the youngsters. “I think the children are tired, they better go to bed.”
“Yes,” Andromeda agreed. “It’s bedtime.”
The young people understood that the conversation was supposed to be between the elders, though everyone knew what Pickering was going to talk about. They left for the library to have their own discussion.
It was getting late, and though Hector was going to stay in the blue castle, Eric had to return home. The boys escorted him to the great bridge, and on their way, Jack gave Eric another diary.
When Eric returned home, it was already midnight. Uncle Albert was about to throw a tantrum, but Eric hurried to explain the reason for his disappearance. When Albert heard what had happened, the first thing he wanted to do was rush to the sheriff’s house and demand explanations. Both Eric and Riona were quick to keep him back and convince him not to do that. Eric reminded him what De Roy had done to Colin and Shay, and assured him that he was feeling good and not much harm had been done to him. Albert was too angry to leave it and was heading to the door when Eric felt dizzy and almost collapsed. Riona held him and helped him to sit down on a chair. Uncle Albert wanted to go after a doctor, but Eric again asked him to stay home. Riona told Albert to do as Eric asked to avoid putting him under more stress, then took Eric to the bathroom to take care of his injury. Eric told her that Dr. Robinson had already done that, but she insisted and washed his wound with an antiseptic.
“I am so sorry,” Riona said, applying iodine to the wound on his back. “What kind of memories will you have of us and this town after this? This was such a terrible thing to happen.”
“Don’t be sorry,” he said, “and don’t worry. De Roy is too little a man to make me hate Hollow.”
Riona examined his torso, looking for other wounds. She noticed two dots on his chest that resembled small bites.
“What is this?” she asked, examining the red bites. 
Eric looked down at his chest. “I don’t know.” He shrugged his shoulders. “Insect bites, maybe.”
Eric thanked Riona and went upstairs to his room. He sat down on the bed and for a very long time didn’t move, pondering over what had happened that day. Until today, all those stories, the ones he had heard of and the ones he had read, seemed distant, untrue, just a flight of imagination. But today he at last understood how serious everything was, and how much danger his friends were in..


11. Expectations

Sheriff De Roy had locked himself in his study and was standing in front of an open bookcase with a row of books inside it. He was sure something was wrong. De Roy was precise and methodical even when it came to organizing books, but now he saw that two books, volumes XI and IX, were not in their correct places. De Roy took the other books down, put them on the table and looked inside the bookcase, where behind the row of volumes was a hidden safe. Sheriff touched the safe. It was locked. He put the books back in their places and closed the bookcase.
Someone knocked at the door. Sheriff opened it and looked down at the old governess of his house.
“Master Gilbert, Judge and the Council are here. They want to talk to you.”
“Tell me, Dora,” the sheriff spoke. “Have you touched those books?” De Roy pointed to the bookcase with the volumes.
“I only dust them. I never take the books out.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes, Master Gilbert, I am,” the old governess replied with a serene expression on her wrinkled face.
“Tell them I will come in a minute.”
The governess left. De Roy again glanced at the bookcase, pondered over something, and went to the living room, where Judge Alistair and the Council members were waiting for him. The Council consisted of five members all of whom lived on the East Bank. Once, a long time ago, the Council’s purpose was to keep the town and its people out of trouble, making laws and regulations, appointing the judge, the sheriff, and the mayor. The Council members were elected by voting either by the townspeople or by the remaining members of the Council, and stayed in the Council until resignation or death. When the witch hunt happened, and the town was divided into East and West sides, two of the members, who lived on the West Bank, left the Council due to irreparable disagreements and variances. Peter McCormack’s brother Magnus, a wealthy landlord, and Caspar O’Neal, the owner of Hollow's Helicon Hotel, replaced them. The other three members were Louis Baldric, owner of stables, Manfred Van Balen, a winemonger, and Derek Iron, who possessed Hollow's lumber mill.
Judge Alistair told De Roy why they had come.
“That is ridiculous,” the sheriff said. “I was given an opportunity to at last arrest Fitzroy. As a bonus, I even arrested the blacksmith. Now you want me to let them go?”
“That is a necessary sacrifice,” Judge Alistair said, poking the parquet with his silver crane. “I may not like Pickering, but what he said has a reason. You know well that the townspeople can demand from the Council the sheriff’s resignation. You have already acted careless enough, whipping the witch in front of so many witnesses.”
“There were mostly Easterners.”
“Mostly,” the judge said in his usual hoarse tone.
“I will not release them!”
The judge slowly got up, leaning on his crane, and walked to the window. “It is early, De Roy. We have been waiting patiently. Don’t spoil everything now.”
“He is right,” Magnus McCormack spoke. “You are playing with fire. We have been patient for so many years. We have been waiting for them, and now, when everything points to the Hunters’ comeback, you want to risk everything?”
“Fitzroy is at last in my hands. For so long I had been waiting for this chance, and now you want me to let him go? Ridiculous!”
“Letting him go now means playing safe,” Caspar O’Neal said. He took off his glasses, wiped them with a cloth, and put them back on his aquiline nose. “Listen to the judge. He knows better.”
“Look out the window, Sheriff,” Louis Baldric told him. “I am sure you see what all of us see. The weather has changed. Animals have become sick. Rain and lightning all the time. They are coming back. I have told my children to create arguments as much as they can. They are doing their best. Soon our town will be saved. Just have a bit of patience.”
“What if this all is just a coincidence?” the sheriff muttered. “What if the Hunters are not coming back, and by releasing Fitzroy and MacGavin, I will lose such an opportunity?”
“They will come back,” the judge whispered, staring out the window, into the street wet with the recent rain. “I know they are coming back. It’s been thirteen years already that I have been waiting for them. Thirteen years. Ever since they disappeared, I knew their job was left unfinished. I ordered the execution of so many witches, but I always knew some fled, and they came back when the Hunters were gone. The witches are cunning.” The judge turned and glanced at those present in the room. All eyes were fixed on him, and everyone was hearkening to him in silence. “If we make a mistake now, all our efforts might be wasted.”
The Council members agreed with him, but De Roy was still hesitant.
“Listen to him,” Manfred Van Balen spoke. “Judge Alistair is the wisest among us. Listen to him. Release Fitzroy and MacGavin. Let them think we gave in. Lull their vigilance.”
“You are asking me an impossible thing,” the sheriff muttered. “Those witches killed my father. I swore revenge.”
“And they also killed my son!” Louis Baldric said with anger. “But I still don’t rush with decisions; I still think and act carefully. Because if I make a mistake, my son’s death will never be avenged.”
“What do you expect me to do?” De Roy asked after thinking for some time.
“Tomorrow morning, you will let them go,” Judge Alistair replied.
The sheriff leaned his hands on the table and looked gloomily at the judge. “Do you know that they have come back?” De Roy asked. “Not the Hunters. The witches.”
“More witches?” Caspar O’Neal exclaimed. “Are you sure?”
“I am sure. They are back to the depths of the West Bank; some have returned to their abandoned houses and stores. I know that, though I haven’t been in that part of the town for so many years.”
“If that is true, then I think you ought to go there and see what is happening on the West Bank,” Magnus McCormack voiced his opinion, angering De Roy. The sheriff looked at the grey-haired man, thinking how stupid he was, but didn’t say it out loud. Instead, he explained to Magnus why he couldn’t go there.
“Do you expect me to go to the part of the town where so many witches used to live? Do you think I would come back alive?”
“Take your officers with you,” Magnus McCormack said, once again proving to De Roy his stupidity.
“How do you expect me to act? Take my officers and search the West Bank? Do you think that the officers can resist all the evil that might inhabit there? If so, then why do we need the Hunters? Why don’t we just go to the West Bank and arrest anyone we suspect?”
Magnus McCormack became silent. De Roy enjoyed the confusion over McCormack’s face, whom he considered narrow-minded and slow, but nevertheless liked him, for Magnus McCormack had established a reputation as a man of no mercy during the last witch hunt.
“So what is our plan?” Manfred Van Balen asked.
“Our plan is this,” Judge Alistair spoke. “Sheriff lets the witch’s husband and the blacksmith go. You and your families,” he pointed at the Council members, “keep starting frays and arguments. And we continue collecting money to use for bribing the townsfolk when the Hunters are back. You all are wealthy people; money is not a big deal for you. When the Hunters return, we shall have enough gold ready.”


12. Art School

Eric had been wandering between the narrow streets and alleys of the West Bank for the last hour, looking for the Art School. In the morning, he had received a note from Electra in which she asked him to come to the school and help her. She hadn’t been specific about the kind of help she needed. Eric was sure it had something to do with moving the easels or a piece of furniture, or helping her to pacify her disobedient pupils, though in her letters she had described them as adorable and quiet.
After almost an hour Eric found the place he was looking for and entered a one-story house with a colorful arched door flanked by tall wooden paintbrushes. Inside, Eric saw almost a dozen girls aged eight to ten, sitting in front of their easels and looking at their art teacher.
“Oh, there he is, at last,” Electra sighed with relief when Eric entered.
“Hello girls,” Eric said, passing the little art students and reaching Electra. “I would’ve come earlier if you had given me the correct address.”
“It was correct.”
“It wasn’t,” he said. “It took me an hour to find you. You had written a wrong number on the paper.”
“It wasn’t wrong. I wrote Peach Alley 23.”
“It was 33.”
“I had written 23.”
“Then you have bad handwriting.”
“Until now you have been reading my writing perfectly,” she said, and turned to her pupils. “Let me introduce you to my girls. Ladies, this is Eric. My friend.”
“Her boyfriend,” he corrected her, making the little girls laugh.
“Yes, my boyfriend. And he has come to help us.”
“But not with painting,” Eric said, shaking his head.
“So you don’t want to help us?”
“Oh, sure, why not? I will if I can, but be warned: I’m not the best painter. Actually, I’m the worst you could get.”
“Don’t worry, you don’t have to paint. We need a model,” Electra said slyly.
“A what?”
“Come, I’ll show you what to do.”
Electra took Eric to the room next door, and after some persuasion and promises of rewarding kisses, they returned to the room where the girls were waiting for their teacher to give them the assignment. All of them burst out laughing when they saw Eric wrapped in a long toga.
“I told you this was a bad idea,” he said, but Electra didn’t agree with him.
“Today the girls learnt about Ancient Rome’s art, and we were supposed to paint a Roman citizen, but last week we accidentally broke Aurelio and needed a model urgently.”
“Aurelio?”
“It was the name of the statue,” one of the girls said. “We broke him last week. Poor Aurelio’s head and hands smashed on the floor.”
“Now I’m sensing danger,” Eric jested.
“Don’t worry, I will protect you,” Electra assured him, then told the girls to take their pencils. “What is the first thing we need to pay attention to?” she asked.
“The light,” the girls answered.
“Then?”
“The silhouette.”
“That’s right. Now pay attention to his head, look how the light falls on the face, how the right part is under a shadow.”
While Electra talked about Eric’s face, silhouette, and the light that was falling on him through the window, he couldn’t help but chuckle a few times. He was thinking of how funny the scene might look from the outside, with him in a long white toga and the little girls trying to paint him as a Roman citizen.
“Will you stop laughing?” Electra scolded Eric. “You are distracting the girls.”
Eric chuckled again. “Sorry, this is so funny.”
“There is nothing funny in the history of Ancient Rome.”
“My beautiful historian, how strict you are!” he said, and kissed her cheek.
The girls giggled, and Electra blushed. “Not in front of the children,” she whispered.
“But what is the problem?” Eric faked surprise. “It’s not like I did this,” and he gave her a smacking kiss on the lips. The girls burst out laughing again. “I only did this.” He again kissed her on the cheek.
The girls tittered louder. Because Eric was trying to hug Electra while she stood next to him tutoring her pupils, she had to give him a spear to hold in his hands. The spear didn’t help, as Eric was constantly moving and trying to kiss Electra, joking and making the girls laugh harder.
“Oh, can you stop moving and keep quiet for a second? You are a model, after all!” Electra said, tousling his hair.
“Alright, I promise I won’t move anymore, but when we finish this we are going to have something to eat, because I’m starving.”
Electra promised they would go to the Cauldron and Broom and have a snack, and it calmed Eric for some time. He stood motionless for five to six minutes and then began rambling again. In the end, Electra sent him to the room next door to dress and get ready to leave the Art School. While Eric was putting his shirt on, he felt the dizziness again, then became weak and had to lean his hand on the wall for support. He sat down near the table littered with palettes, paints, and brushes, took a deep breath, and blaming the weakness on the hunger, quickly dressed up.
Ten minutes later, they reached the restaurant, but Electra said they were not going to stay there. She went to the kitchen and soon came out with a wicker basket full of snacks. Then she took him to a place in the forest not far from their castle. There stood a small treehouse with a long wooden stairway. The house was built on a big oak, which grew right at the bank of a rivulet. The construction was quadrangular, with a flat roof, a big round window, and a door that was hanging on a broken hinge. There was also an old rope bridge, which connected the house with the nearest tree.
“Is this the treehouse you told me about?” Eric asked, going inside and looking around. The place was dusty, with cobwebs in the corners, but overall it was not dirty.
“It is.”
“Do you think we should be trespassing? What if Jack finds out? He may not like it.”
“I don’t think Jack has been here since forever. Once in a while the girls and I come and clean up the place, I don’t even know why. Maybe we just don’t want it to become derelict and broken.”
“Or maybe you always knew that one day you’d bring your boyfriend to a romantic picnic in this house,” Eric said, observing the walls, the wooden furniture, and the colorful pillows on the green carpet.
Electra sat on the carpet in the center of the only room and beckoned Eric to join her. “It would be more romantic if I had come here in the morning and cleaned all the cobwebs,” she said with a smile.
“Don’t worry, I don’t mind them at all.” He sat beside her and took a sandwich from the basket. “So, your brother built this house?”
Electra laughed. “Not really. He was young then and wouldn’t have managed to build a house like this. Uncle helped him a lot; or rather, Uncle built it while Jack helped. Oh, he was so enthusiastic about this house. He wanted it to look like those houses deep in the Mysterious Forest we had once seen, the ones where the dryads live nowadays. But what he had envisioned was massive and required a lot of labor and time. Uncle couldn’t spend so much time on the treehouse, so they came up with this small apartment.”
 While Electra spoke, Eric took another look around. The place was cozy, with a small shelf and a coffee table, round paintings, and a mirror with a beautifully carved frame hanging on one of the walls. Eric noticed a name carved on the wall, but couldn’t distinguish it. He stood up and walked to the wall with the name on it. “Elora?” he asked. “Who’s that?”
“Make a guess,” Electra said, pouring cherry juice into their cups. “Would you like another sandwich, with cheese and mushrooms?”
Eric took the sandwich from her and looked out the window. The day was misty, and the depths of the lush forest were dark. He went to the middle of the room and again sat next to Electra, who was now setting dessert on the carpet. She took out two strawberry pies and two waffles with cream and put them on the tablecloth.
“I like our little picnic,” Eric said. “Maybe we can come here more often? It’s a real pity this nice house is abandoned by its hosts.”
Electra didn’t say anything, only smiled, then gave him a heart-shaped pie.
“I wonder why Jack doesn’t come here. He could invite Ariadne to this house,” Eric said.
“Jack and Ariadne?” Electra asked dubiously.
“Don’t tell me you can’t see that.”
Electra pondered a bit. “You might be right, though I’m not really sure. I mean—oh, I don’t know.”
“Do you see a problem?”
“I don’t know. You are right—Ariadne seems to be totally absorbed by Jack, but I’m not sure about him.”
“You think he could break your friend’s heart?”
“I’m afraid of that. I love them both dearly, but I don’t know if Jack cares for her as much as she cares for him, and yes, I’m afraid he might break her heart.”
Electra saddened while talking about her friend’s possible heartache, and Eric suggested another topic for conversation. For a while they discussed Colin and Shay’s arrests and how glad they were that the men had been released. Then they talked about the Chocolate Fair, which would be taking place in a week. They chatted until evening, when Eric remembered he had to be at the Old Curiosity Shop. Putting the leftovers into the basket, the young people left the treehouse.

13. Unexpected Revelation

Raymond had promised Cassandra to take her on a ride in his carriage after work. She was waiting for him in the clinic, when Dickens, following Dr. Robinson’s advice, brought his bandaged dog for examination. To Cassandra's happiness, Dr. Robinson was present, and she felt less awkward than she would have if she had been alone with the McCormacks’ aggressive son.
Cassandra and Dr. Robinson examined the wound, which hadn’t healed yet. While they applied a new bandage, Dickens stood behind and silently looked at them. A few times Cassandra turned towards the shelves stocked with medications, and noticed his stern glance on her. She thought that Dickens was probably enjoying the sight of the scars left on her neck and shoulder by the sheriff’s lash, but no matter how much Cassandra disliked Dickens McCormack, she took the best care of his dog.
In the evening, after the carriage ride, Raymond brought Cassandra back to the blue castle. He was leaving Hollow for a week, and was supposed to be back on tournament day. “Just save a couple of chocolate rabbits for me,” he said. “I’ll have them when I’m back. And don’t be sad, my sweetheart, it’s only for a week.”
“I am missing you already,” she said, and hugged the handsome fellow, whom she didn’t want to let go, afraid he might meet another girl in the county and forget about her, although Raymond had told her many times that she was the only one in his heart.
“You will have so many things to do at the fair that the time will pass quickly, and meanwhile, I’ll take Bonnie back to Ornshire and come back to you.” Raymond smiled to her with his kind eyes. “Oh, by the way, I have a present for you.” He took a parcel from the carriage and gave it to Cassandra. “Open it.”
She tore the wrapping and examined the volume on both sides. “Animal Biology,” Cassandra read on the cover. “How did you know I was searching for this book?”
“Because when you talk, I always pay attention.” Raymond put his hands on her shoulders and once again bestowed her with his beautiful smile. “Grandmother has problems with her health. When she feels better, I am going to talk to her.”
“About what?”
“About us—me and you.”
Cassandra’s countenance changed at once, becoming serious; eyes expressed surprise.
“What is it?” Raymond asked. “You were not expecting to hear that?”
She was lost for words for some seconds, then tried to speak, but nothing came to mind. Instead, Cassandra only bit her lip and looked at Raymond.
“Alright, you seem too startled,” he said, smiling. “We shall talk when I am back.” He kissed her goodbye and left the courtyard. Cassandra was hoping to talk to her sisters about her conversation with Raymond, but she wasn’t expecting to find all her friends in the fireplace hall. Ariadne and Medea were sitting on the carpet, Jack was near the window, Hector was leaning on the mantelpiece with the bust of Aristotle on it, and Eric and Electra were sitting on the couch, holding hands. They were discussing something, and when Cassandra entered the hall, Jack said, “Here comes the animal lover. Cassie, do tell us if the animals have warned you of anything.”
“I can’t say much. Just the same thing that I have been saying all this time: something worries them. Sometimes they seem scared, frightened, but all they say is that the weather is changing. I don’t know what that means.” She approached Ariadne and Medea and sat near them on the carpet.
“The weather is changing,” Jack muttered. “We know that. And we also know it was changing thirteen years ago. Sometimes animals died, but most importantly, the townspeople began acting strangely. They became aggressive. Recently I have been hearing about arguments and fights amongst townsfolk, especially between the residents of the East and West Banks.”
“I haven’t heard about fights,” Cassandra said.
“That is because you are either in the clinic or strolling with Raymond,” Jack said. “But don’t forget that one of the incidents involved you.” He looked at Eric. “You and Eric. And in most of the arguments, the McCormacks, the Baldrics, or the Van Balens were involved … I think my point is clear.”
“It is indeed clear,” Hector said. “They are up to something.”
“Maybe we could help with some ideas if you actually gave us the diaries to read?”
Everyone looked at Medea.
“What diaries?” Electra asked.
“She’s raving,” Jack said. “There are no diaries.”
“Stop lying!” Medea yelled. “I don’t only have great eyesight, but good ears, and brains to think. Why won’t you share with your sisters the content of those diaries? I am sure we could find out something. Do you think we are stupid? No more than you, Hector, and Eric.”
Electra turned to Eric. “Is she telling the truth? There are diaries, and you have read them?”
Eric sighed, thinking of what to say. Not receiving an answer from him, the girls looked at Hector, then at Jack.
“Jack, why would you hide them from us?” Cassandra asked. “Medea has a point; we, too, can help.”
“Girls, if Jack hasn’t given you the diaries or hasn’t told you anything about them, then he thinks they are of no importance.” Eric tried to lend Jack a helping hand, but the young ladies were too interested in the contents of the diaries and wished to know why they were not supposed to read them.
“Listen, I didn’t tell you because they are not cute fiction stories; they are gruesome, violent, and depressing.”
“What makes you think we can’t handle them?”
“Medea, what makes you so inquisitive?”
“It is not only her, Jack,” Electra said. “We all are curious. We all want to know what is going on.”
“Why won’t you just trust me? I am your brother. If I’m not saying something, it means I have reasons for doing that.”
As the girls weren’t satisfied with his answer, Ariadne stepped into the conversation, trying to help Jack. “I am sure Jack has reasons to keep the diaries from us,” she said. “And I suppose that we all have already understood what the reason is.”
“Oh, stop it, Ariadne,” Medea said. “You will always find a reason to defend him.”
“I am not defending him; I don’t think Jack needs defending. All I am saying is that I think he is right about not giving us those diaries. If they are about the hunt—”
“Of course they are about the hunt! Why else would he hide them from us? He thinks we are too soft and can’t handle gruesome stories or the shocking truth, but what he doesn’t understand is that our imaginations have pictured any possible barbarity throughout these years, and we are ready for anything.”
“Alright, Medea, you are being aggressive,” Jack interrupted her.
“So is this what the people on the East Bank want to achieve? Disarray. Suspicion. Distrust. People are fighting. We are fighting all the time.”
“Calm down, El, we are not fighting all the time,” Medea said.
“More than we used to,” Electra countered.
Eric tried to calm her by hugging her and leaning her head on his shoulder. “Don’t be upset,” he whispered to her. “We shall find out what is going on.”
“I don’t want to see anybody fighting,” Jack said. “I admit I was hiding those diaries from you, and I am still not going to give them to you—” Medea tried to protest, but Jack stopped her. “I won’t give you the diaries, because, as I said, they are gruesome, depressing, and upsetting. However, Hector and Eric and I will tell you what we have learnt from those diaries and what we think will be happening soon.”
Medea again tried to interrupt, but Jack didn’t let her speak. He continued, “The weather will change for the worse. Animals will behave strangely. People will argue more and more. There will be much hate, lies, and gossip. This all will lead to a big problem, because every time the town sinks into this kind of mess and vortex, they come back.”
“They?” Ariadne asked.
“The Hunters. The Dark Men. The Executioners.”
When everyone became silent, Medea raised her hand.
“What is it?” Jack asked.
“I have a question.”
“Well, go on.”
“Thank you, you are too kind,” she said sarcastically, and added, “Where did you get those diaries from?”
“Trust me, you don’t need to know that.”
“And still?”
“Please be a good girl and don’t ask.”
“Jack!” she yelled. “You’re not letting us read them, so at least feed my curiosity and tell me where you got them from.”
Jack pressed his lips together and looked at Hector. The latter shrugged and shook his head. The girls turned to Eric.
“Don’t look at me, I have no idea where those diaries come from,” he said.
“Listen, the less you know, the better you’ll sleep,” Hector said.
“Oh, no, no, and no. You are keeping too many secrets from us. That’s enough. You said yourself that you don’t want to see us fighting, so at least be so kind as to tell us where you got these diaries from,” Medea demanded.
Jack sat down on the chair and bowed his head, thinking for some long seconds. He then raised his eyes and looked at his sisters, who were eagerly waiting for his reply. “From the sheriff’s house,” he said.

~ * ~

It was getting late and Eric had to return home. On his way, he thought about one thing only—the diaries. Eric couldn’t believe that Jack and Hector had been sneaking into the sheriff’s house and stealing the diaries he kept in his study. For almost an hour everyone sat motionless without saying a word whilst Jack and Hector told them that there was a mirror in the sheriff’s house, which was the twin of the one in the room of the Lady of Shallot. They had found it out a long time ago, driven by the curiosity to learn what kind of places they could visit through that mirror. For the past months, the boys had been using the mirror to sneak into the dark corridor of the sheriff’s house while the latter was asleep, and stole the diaries from his study. The sheriff and his late father had confiscated anything that mentioned the witch hunt and had been keeping those papers inside their house, Jack and Hector told their friends. The fellows related how they got into the sheriff’s study, how they opened the locked shelves with a skeleton key, then described De Roy's rooms in all detail. The girls felt as apprehensive as if they were in the sheriff's house that very moment and would be caught at any time. Noting their terrified faces, Jack and Hector tried to ease their fears with comical stories about sitting in De Roy's armchair or lying down on his couch and then hiding behind the doors when one of the servants would hear noise and come with candlesticks in their hands to check the place.
“There is this young lady, I think her name is Anabeth, she’s a cook in De Roy’s house. Once she almost stumbled on us in the dark, but we got lucky,” Jack told his friends, reminiscing about the encounter in the dark room and laughing.
“Another time Sheriff’s groom appeared in one of the rooms at night,” Hector added. Turning to Jack, he asked, “What do you think he was doing at night in the house?”
“I think he was stealing something,” Jack snickered. “De Roy’s servants are as good as him. But seeing those two in the dark wasn’t as scary as meeting the Cerberus.”
“Cerberus?” the girls asked simultaneously.
“Sheriff’s governess, old wrinkled Dora. Now that is a scary hag!” Jack cried out.
“A creepy gramma,” Hector continued. “Especially in the dark. Her footsteps make no sound, ears hear everything, and she carries an enormous bronze chandelier in her bony hand, which even I would have trouble raising up. And she is very hard to avoid.”
The fellows continued the stories about the sheriff’s house and his household servants, laughing and jesting in-between, but their stories were amusing only for Eric, who couldn’t stop chuckling, whilst the girls paled from fear and sometimes couldn’t breathe during the scariest parts of the story.
Musing about his friends’ adventures, Eric reached home. Albert and Riona were in the living room, and though they were trying to talk quietly so as not to wake up Henry and Eleanora, Eric could tell they were arguing again.
Eric went to his room and got into bed. The disturbing thoughts returned and took over his mind, torturing him for long hours until he finally sunk into sleep. In the middle of the night, Eric felt movement in his room. He heard a sound near the open window; something quietly crept inside. Half asleep, Eric tried to move, but felt too much drowsiness to fully wake. His eyelids felt heavy but still he attempted to open them. He barely managed to open his eyes enough to see a vague, blurred image close to him. She smiled sweetly, her face so dear and eyes so soft. Eric smiled back and again closed his eyes, giving out a deep sigh. His lips whispered her name, and his head began spinning. He again felt the heaviness; something was pressing his chest and making breathing hard, and the vertigo was unbearable. Eric couldn’t open his eyes, but he could feel the vision’s hair tickling his neck and chest. Then his hands and feet became weaker and weaker until the lethargic feeling took over him, and Eric fell asleep.



14. Chocolate Fair

The next days passed by without any incident, and the only upsetting occurrence was the rainy, gloomy weather. While getting ready for the fair, the girls asked for sunny weather so much that their request was eventually fulfilled, and on the day of the fair, the sun was shining brightly in the cloudless sky.
In the morning, the girls and Andromeda organized chocolate figurines inside the big baskets. Each of the girls had a separate basket for herself, and all of them were excited to find out how much they could sell at the fair. Cassandra hade made musical instruments, like seven-inch violins and guitars, a white chocolate piano with black and white keys, and small animals: rabbits with colorful scarves and hats made of caramel, bears in green mittens, and camels with riders. She was proud of her chocolate creations and couldn't wait to reach their stand, which Colin and the boys had been putting up since early in the morning.
Electra was no less excited about her chocolate castle with towers, a drawbridge, and trees with tiny caramel apples. While putting the figurines inside the baskets, both Electra and Cassandra periodically had to stop Medea and take her figures away from her, as she would put two figurines into her basket and eat the third one. Thus, two of her spiders, one scorpion, and one shark disappeared without a trace. If her sisters hadn't come to the rescue of the candies, she would have devoured them all. They managed to save the strawberries covered in yellow caramel and some of the meringues. Putting everything inside their baskets, the girls left for the fair.
The territory for the fair was full of motley flags, maypoles, and colorful stands with their owners organizing the chocolate masterpieces or handmade crafts for sale. There were also musicians, acrobats and ropewalkers, putting up the poles for their performances. The girls approached their family’s big stand, where Colin, Jack, Hector, and Eric were waiting for them. The men almost lost their senses when they saw all the chocolate wonders, and couldn’t stop staring at them. 
“Here, try this one.” Electra brought one of the chocolate strawberries to Eric’s mouth, who eagerly bit into the berry.
“Oh, sure, he can have one, but I can’t,” Medea snorted.
“Right,” Cassandra said. “I need to save some for Raymond.” She took a few figurines, put them back into her basket, and hid it under the stand.
Medea shook her head. “You two have become so … so … I can’t even find the right word.”
“So in love, my dear,” Andromeda finished for her. 
“So annoying,” Medea corrected her aunt.
“The only reason I ask you not to eat any more sweets is because you might get a stomachache.” Andromeda took another piece of chocolate from her niece’s hand.
“And spoiled teeth,” Jack teased her, biting into a meringue.
The fair was set to begin in the afternoon, and as they still had an hour, Jack suggested using the time for training and resting the remainder of the day. The boys left for the field, and first practiced shooting, then javelin throwing on horseback. Eric missed a few times, as he hadn't had enough time to train his skills. But Jack and Hector always hit the target, and their skills would get them high points. Jack hit the center nine times out of ten. Then came Hector's turn. He took the spear in his right hand and hit the spurs. The first three times he hit the target, but on the fourth time Hector lost his balance and fell off the horse. Jack and Eric ran up to him.
“Hector, are you alright?” Jack asked, helping him to sit up on the grass.
“I am fine, I think,” he said, and pressed his hand to his head.
“Did you hit your head?” Eric asked.
“I’m fine. I just lost my balance. My head spun so suddenly.”
“Are you sick?”
“No, I feel better now. Vertigo is almost gone. Must have been the sun. I should have worn a cap.”
“I think we are all tired and had better stop training,” Jack said. “Let’s use this day only for rest.”
Eric and Hector agreed with him, and all three returned to the field with stands. It was almost one o’clock when they reached the fair, which was now in full swing. The place was bustling with people having fun, merry pipe music, acrobatic tricks, and trade. Eric had never seen a fair so abundant with chocolate and sweets. The place was full of tents and stands with flags flapping in the air. The musicians were playing the blithe medieval music with pipes, flutes, and bodhráns. Children were spinning around the maypoles; adults were trading their crafts and chocolate sweets with the foreigners who had come to Hollow from all over the world. From every corner Eric could hear conversations in German, French, Spanish, Chinese, Hindi, and Romanian. The foreigners were also easily discernible due to their traditional attires, which made the fair more colorful and interesting. It seemed that the tasty, sweet chocolate had put everyone a great mood, for all the faces were smiling, happy, and friendly.
 “Namastē!8” he overheard someone say nearby. Turning around, Eric saw Dinah standing behind the most beautiful stand he had yet seen at the fair. She was with Marion O’Neal, selling glass crafts, which were shining gloriously, enveloped in the golden sunrays. Dinah put her palms together and made a slight bow, greeting two Indian women dressed in motley satin saris. The women greeted her with the same gesture, then chose two glass goblets and paid for them.
 “Śukriyā9,” Dinah said.
“Śukriyā,” the women thanked her back, and left her stand.
Hesitating a bit, Eric approached her stand. “Hello,” he said, looking at Dinah and Marion.
The girls exchanged glances with each other, feeling confused. While Marion debated about answering the salutation, fearing it would anger Dinah, the latter spoke to Eric for the first time since he had arrived in Hollow.
“You seem pale, Eric O’Brian. Could it be that the witches have put a spell on you?” She spoke in a tone of indifference, and looked him straight in the eyes with a glance that gave away offense and envy.
“You have beautiful things here,” he said, ignoring her remarks. “I hope the trading is going well.”
“Better than the last time,” she said. “Everyone knows how great a craftsman my father is, and everyone has come from all over the world to buy his glass figurines, no matter at what price. Just a minute ago people from China were quarrelling over the glass frames and small vases.”
When Dinah began singing praises about her father and his craft, Eric spontaneously yawned. Wishing her good luck, he left her stand. Dinah looked after him, and when Eric advanced to the witches’ stand, her eyes gleamed with anger. Thomas approached her, wondering why she had such a sulky face. Dinah pointed at the witches far away. “Have you decided what to do with them?”
Thomas stared at the big stand. “I will improvise.”

~ * ~

Eric returned to Electra’s tent and hugged her from behind. “How is the trade going, my beautiful witch?”
“It is great. I didn’t expect to see so many people today.”
 “Multumesc10,” Cassandra said, wrapping a chocolate animal into a handkerchief and handing it to a woman in folk clothing, with rich embroidery on her apron. She took the sweet and gave it to the little girl standing nearby, who eagerly grabbed the chocolate and awarded both the buyer and the seller with a happy smile. Cassandra gave the money to Medea to put it into the box which was already full.
“No more room,” she said, locking the box. “I shall take it to Uncle and be back.” The girl left the family’s stand, pressing the box with the money tightly to her chest.
“El, why don’t you go for a walk with Eric?” Cassandra suggested.
“I’d love to, but let’s wait until Medea comes back. I’m not sure you can handle the trading all alone,” Electra said. She leaned her head against Eric's shoulder, who was hugging her from behind and now and then biting into the chocolate she would bring to his mouth.
“Sure I can. Go, have some fun. You don’t have to stay here all day long. This is Eric’s first fair. Take him for a walk, or he might miss lots of interesting things.”
“Thank you, Cassie,” Eric said, and holding hands, he and Electra left the stand and went for a long walk through the fair. They passed near the pole-walkers that were juggling on the ropes, jumping and dancing, cheering the crowd of the children and their parents below. On their way, they met acrobats who were performing tricks with hoops, and fire-blowers that resembled awakened dragons breathing out flames into the air. One of the fire-blowers saw Electra among the crowd and waved at her. She waved back, smiling.
“Do you know him?” Eric asked.
“Yes, that is Adrian. He is one of the vagrant artists. They always come to Hollow during the fairs and perform tricks.”
“Why does he keep staring at you?”
“He doesn’t. He is doing his work—cheering up people.”
“And staring at you.”
Electra laughed. “Are you jealous?”
“Should I be?”
She shook her head and smiled. A group of young men in kilts, with auburn hair and sober countenance, appeared among the crowd, gaining everyone’s attention.
“Elie, who are those guys?” Eric asked, pointing at the Scotsmen.
“The McAlister clan. They are great fellows.”
“They have that don’t-mess-with-me look.”
“Oh, no, not at all. That’s just their appearance. They are sweet and fun. They have come to watch the tournament.”
“Are they going to take part in it?”
“Not as far as I know. They always sit with the audience.”
That last part was consoling. The last thing Eric wanted to do was face those mighty fellows on the tournament’s arena.
Orion appeared at their feet and licked Electra’s hand. “Hey boy, are you having fun too?” she said, kneeling down and stroking the dog’s snout.
“Jack must be somewhere here,” Eric said, looking around. Jack was with Ariadne, standing near a tall chocolate fountain with three tiers, dipping pieces of fruits into the chocolate and enjoying the delicious dessert.
“Whoa, that is one great fountain!” Eric exclaimed.
“Let’s go have fruits with chocolate,” Electra said, but right then Eric noticed Eleanora standing nearby. She seemed upset or rather concerned with something, and telling Electra to wait for him near the fountain, Eric approached his cousin.
“Nora, has anything happened?” he asked, coming closer to her.
She shrugged. “Nothing. I am just looking around, waiting for something interesting to happen.”
“Where is Henry? He would love this place.”
“Oh, he does. He is with mom and dad. They went to buy some ice cream and pastries.”
Eleanora was speaking without any enthusiasm; she seemed uninterested and bored. Eric followed her eyes, and at first thought she was looking attentively at the organ grinder. Then he noticed that Eleanora was actually staring at Jack and Ariadne, who were totally absorbed with the chocolate fountain and fruits, which they were now sharing with Electra. Eric tried to help her out and suggested to approach the fountain after some fruits, but she quickly refused his offer. Eric laughed under his breath at his own silliness. Eleanora would never approach Jack while he was having a good time with another girl. Eric had just started thinking up a plan on how to help his cousin when she said she had to go find her parents and brother and look after Henry. She had made a promise to Riona to take care of him for the second part of the day.
Eleanora was about to leave in search of her parents when Mayor Kynaston Daley and Judge Alistair passed along the way. The mayor was looking around and telling the judge about Hollow’s foreign guests. Seeing Eric and Eleanora, Kynaston Daley exclaimed, “Ahh, the young O’Brians! Are you having fun, children?”
Eleanora tried hard to smile. Eric didn’t even try. Neither of them liked the mayor, and both were unable to conceal their dislike or at least force a smile. 
“That is the young O’Brian I have been telling you about,” the mayor told Judge Alistair. The judge examined Eric from head to feet, but his long, grave face stayed expressionless.
“Who’s that?” Eric whispered to Eleanora as imperceptibly as possible.
“Judge Alistair,” she whispered back.
Eric’s eyes widened. He stared at the judge, examining him, feeling goose bumps covering his skin. Eric had to clasp his fingers to hide the shaking of his hands. He was standing only two feet away from the man who had caused so much suffering, the man who had forced young women to walk on burning coals and eat poisoned food. He imagined the judge sitting behind the wooden desk with the gavel in his hand, looking at the doomed women with those cold eyes.
Eric hated Judge Alistair. Hated with all his heart. He thought of his friend Hector; how hard it must be for him to tolerate this man’s presence when they knew that Judge Alistair had killed Hector’s mother. He forced her to eat poisoned bread, and Rosaline didn’t survive the trial. After reading the diary, Eric talked to Hector about his mother and the judge. He feared that Hector might decide to take a revenge on Judge Alistair, but Hector calmly responded that the time hadn’t come yet. There was pain in his voice, hidden anguish and suppressed anger. Eric wondered what he would do if his mother’s murderer lived in the same town with him, and pitied Hector even more.
Eric’s long glance annoyed the grave-faced judge. He leaned on his silver cane, tried to straighten his hunched back, and beckoned the mayor to follow him. Once they had left, Eric kept staring at their backs, unable to believe that men as pitiless and vindictive could be living in the same world with him.
“Strange man, isn’t he?” Eleanora’s voice brought Eric back from the thoughts about the judge and the witches.
“Cruel man,” Eric said.
“I have heard that he is cruel but righteous.”
“Cruelty and righteousness have nothing in common.”
“Are you angry?” Eleanora asked.
“I’m not.”
“Your voice gives away your anger. Do you have anything against Judge Alistair?”
“Lots of things,” Eric’s whisper was barely audible.
“You don’t even know him. Dinah says he’s a fair man, impartial and just.”
“Impartial?” Eric almost yelled. “Impartial, you say!” He turned to Eleanora, his eyes glowing with fury. “Only someone like Dinah might call him impartial and just!”
Eric now regretted having approached Dinah and talking to her. Now he hated her as much as he hated Judge Alistair, Sheriff De Roy, and all those pitiless people who didn’t only tolerate the barbarity toward those helpless women, but also sent them to their doom.
Eleanora saw the rage in her cousin’s eyes and couldn’t understand what made him so angry. She felt confused and uneasy in the judge’s presence, but considered it to be due to the old man’s profession and strict glance. She had no idea about Judge Alistair’s cruelty and true colors.
When the judge disappeared from sight, Eric calmed down. “I am sorry,” he told Eleanora. “I shouldn’t have become so angry.”
Wishing her a good time, Eric joined his friends, who by now had left the fountain and were on their way to a tent where Andromeda was sitting with the most beautiful woman Eric had ever laid his eyes on. Her hair was long, flowing down to her waist, and almost silver. Her eyes had the same silverfish color, and her voice had a strange soothing effect on Eric, although he didn’t understand a word she was saying, as she spoke in a language unknown. There was something placid, something serene about the woman. She seemed delicate, ethereal; her movements were calm and soft, and she spoke slowly, separating each word. Eric tried to understand what language she might be talking in, but it didn’t sound familiar at all. He knew he was staring at her, but for some reason he couldn’t take his eyes away. He could stand there the whole day and just listen to the woman speak. Her voice, though calm and quiet, managed to penetrate his soul and turn his inner world upside down. While listening to her, he felt an unexpected burst of rapture that lasted for some short seconds before turning into sorrow. Emotions replaced each other, tormenting him, causing him elation, then grief, bliss, then sadness. Unwillingly, Eric's eyes filled with moisture. The woman in the tent was not looking at him, but he, standing in the corner, knew that she sensed his presence nearby; he heard her soothing voice inside his head. He then felt a familiar gentle scent. Electra hugged him and bowed his head on her shoulder. “Don’t be afraid,” she whispered. “It is always like that on the first encounter.”
Her tender embrace calmed his unsteady heart. When Eric, still hugging Electra, raised his eyes, he saw the mysterious lady pass before him. She only looked at him once, and smiled. There was so much in that glance, in that smile. She told him a whole story with just a glimpse, and that vague smile said to him all he needed to know. Eric nodded, and the lady left the tent.

“Namarie11,” Andromeda said, and waved. She stood at the entrance, watching the lady mount her white stallion and hit the spurs. Then Andromeda turned to those in the tent. “Jack,” she said, “how long have you been training today?”
“Not too long.”
“I don’t like the way you look. You are too pale. The same goes for Eric. Did he give you a hard time?”
“We didn’t train much today. We thought we should get some rest before the tourney,” Eric said.
Andromeda nodded. “That is the correct thing to do. Your paleness worries me. And where is Hector? Does he look as pale as you?”
“Hector is there, at the McKennits’ stand.” Jack pointed in the direction of the stand, where Hector was standing with Japanese and Indian beauties in colorful kimonos and saris, chatting and laughing with them. “He fell off the horse earlier this afternoon, but he seems fine now and in a good company. Just look at that blissful face,” Jack smirked.
“Fell off the horse? He needs to be resting at home, not strolling around. I hope that after the tournament you will not exhaust yourselves this much.”
With Andromeda’s last words, grey clouds covered the sun, the sky took on a gloomy hue, and thunder clapped. Everyone went out and looked up at the sky.
“Medea,” Andromeda said. “Where is she?”
“At the stand,” Electra replied, wondering why her aunt’s voice sounded so worried.
They all hurried to the stand, or rather to its remains, for the stand had been smashed, and all the items were lying on the ground. Nearby stood Cassandra and Medea—the former was looking at the smashed stand and the chocolate in the grass with resentment, while the latter had the fire of fury burning in her eyes. It appeared that when Cassandra had been left alone at the stand, Thomas Baldric, his younger brother Edward, and Tim Van Balen, with cudgels in their hands, came to the stand and began the fulfillment of their plan, which was to smash the stand into pieces. They insulted Cassandra, then began breaking the stand and throwing its contents to the ground. To their luck, there were only women and children nearby, and none were able to stop them. The young men were not moved even by the tears of the little children who, witnessing the destruction of the beautiful stand, began to cry.
When Thomas, Edward and Tim began smashing the stand, Cassandra had to step aside to avoid the blows. She looked at them holding back the tears and wondering where so much evil was coming from. She held back only due to the promise given to her Uncle and Aunt to never hurt anyone if it wasn’t in self-defense. Even though those Easterners were insulting her she wouldn’t break the promise.
Then Medea appeared. She had a bucket full of milk that she was carrying by the request of Mrs. McKennit. The milk was not destined to reach the baker. Seeing all the mess Thomas Baldric and his sidekicks had caused, Medea approached him from behind when he was standing still and looking at the damaged stand, and poured the whole bucket on his head. Startled, Thomas turned and met with Medea face to face. He looked at her in surprise whilst the milk dropped down his hair and face, and then the surprise changed into anger. He raised the cudgel, but his hand froze in the air. Medea didn’t move. She looked him straight in the eyes and said, “Are you sure?”
Thomas’ hand trembled when he saw how the sclera around Medea’s black eyes darkened, then blackened. Thomas stared at her while her eyes grew darker. He lowered the cudgel, then dropped it, fearing that the witch would now do something to him. He looked into the black void with his mouth agape, slowly retreated, and ran away, terrified. His friend and brother ran after him.
Cassandra hurried to her younger sister and shook her by the shoulders. “Medea, what’s wrong with you?”
“Cowards,” she said with a cunning smile on her lips, looking after the fugitives.
“Look at me!” Cassandra demanded. Medea looked at her, and her eyes gradually returned to their old self.
“What was that? What happened to you?”
“Nothing,” Medea replied calmly. “Why are you so worried? I am calm, as you see. I’m not shouting, nor fighting. I am calm.”
Cassandra didn’t say another word, but for some time couldn’t take her eyes off her sister. Even when their family and friends came, her anxiety didn’t leave. She told her family what the Easterners had done, looking at Medea out of the corner of her eye. The latter didn’t seem too upset; on the contrary, she was gloating over the dread she had caused Thomas Baldric, though neither Medea nor Cassandra told their family about that.
The sight of the broken stand under the pouring rain gave the boys another reason to concentrate on the tournament the next day. They were especially looking forward to the jousting, hoping to meet in the arena those who had broken the stand so they could hit them as much as they wished without facing consequences.


15. Tournament

The Easterners and Westerners were sitting on opposite stands around the arena. All their attention was drawn to the targets in the middle of the field and to the tents behind the arena, where the participants were getting ready. In the beginning, Mayor Daley recited a speech, telling the audience about Hollow’s traditions. Then he thanked Duchess Iphigenia, who was the sponsor of this year’s tournament. As the Duchess wasn’t present—for, as she told her grandson, she hated those terrible tournaments and only agreed to be a sponsor because Raymond was too persistent—Mayor Daley pointed to the honorary box where Raymond was sitting, thanked him too, and asked for a speech.
Raymond’s speech was short. As a winner of the two previous tournaments, he only asked for honesty and friendliness on behalf of the participants. Raymond sat back and held Cassandra’s hand, whom he had asked to sit with him in the box. Being shy and modest, he wished her to be near him when he received the praise and gratitude. Cassandra’s presence in the honorary box was not welcomed either by the mayor or the jury, which consisted mainly of the Easterners, but when Raymond threatened with leaving the tournament, the jury members were forced to suppress their anger and tolerate the witch's presence nearby.
Near the honorary box stood a high pedestal with a golden engraved cup and three golden clasps. Those were the prizes for the winners, and now and then the audience stared at the prizes, talking about their value and speculating over who would take them home. Ten teams were taking part in the tournament; among them were the Red Team, which consisted of Jack, Hector, and Eric, and the Black Team, made up by Dickens, Thomas, and Tim—the favorites of the Easterners.
Before the start of the tournament, all the participants were resting in their tents, which had been built behind the arena and sported the teams’ identifying colors. Jack, Hector, and Eric were getting dressed inside the red tent. They had chosen the McKennits’ twin sons, thirteen-year-old Castor and Pollux, as their squires, and now the boys were hurrying from one knight to the other, handing them their garments, checking the arrows, putting them inside the quivers, and taking care of the horses. Ariadne’s little brother Jason had also been chosen as a squire, after much persuasion on behalf of his sister. Jack had agreed to take the eight-year-old boy and give him easy assignments like carrying his shield or helmet.
“How are the horses?” Jack asked Castor, taking off his shirt and putting on the linen undershirt. “Are they calm?”
“Yes. Pollux is now putting the caparisons on them.” Castor helped Jack put on his doublet, then approached Eric to help him get dressed. Eric was standing at the entrance and peeping outside, where the jesters were performing tricks in the center of the arena and cheering up the audience while the knights got ready. “Your garments,” Castor said, holding up the undershirt and the doublet.
Eric took the clothing from the boy. While he was putting them on, he noticed Jack staring at him. “What’s the matter?” Eric asked, tying up the knots on the shirt.
“Nothing,” Jack said, and turned to look at the other corner of the tent, where Hector was getting dressed. Hector undressed his torso, and this time something on his friend’s chest caught Jack’s attention. “Now, this can’t be a coincidence,” Jack said, still looking at Hector.
“What coincidence?” Hector asked, and reached out for the garment.
“What is that on your chest?”
Hector lowered his eyes. “No idea,” he said, and added mockingly, “I knew you loved me, but not so much that you worry over every bite I get.”
Eric chuckled, but Jack’s serious expression didn’t change. “I have the same bites,” he said.
“So what? We have spent many days out in the field.”
“I have them, too. I guess some insect took advantage of our bodies while we were resting in the field,” Eric joked.
“They don’t look like insect bites to me,” Jack said.
The trumpeters blew the horns outside. The time had come. The knights heard the herald’s voice announce the beginning of the tournament and explain the rules.
“It’s time. Hurry up!” Jack urged.
Castor and Pollux helped the fellows to put on the surcoats and hung the leather quivers and bows on their backs. The knights exited the tent and mounted their horses. One by one, the participants of the tournament entered the arena astride their horses and circled inside, to the loud applause of the audience. Judge Alistair, the head of the jury, read aloud the names of the knights when they passed before his stand. When all the names were announced, the knights stood in a line, waiting for the trumpeters to blow the horns, signifying the beginning of the competitions.
The first event was archery. Jack was shooting first. He was on horseback and had to shoot the bullseye while galloping around the arena, avoiding the obstacles or leaping over them. Jack completed the task with 99 points out of 100, hitting the bullseye nine times and missing the center only once. He completed the task and stood in the center of the arena, looking proudly at the targets and at his arrows sticking out of the centers. He saw the three girls in the audience clapping, jumping with joy and crying out praises, and his parents, next to Electra, Medea, and Ariadne, joining the tremendous clapping, cheering for their son’s celerity and skills.
“Well done, Jack!” Medea yelled at the top of her voice.
“Well done, Red Team!” Ariadne joined her.
Jack waved at them and left the arena under the gloomy looks of the jury members.
“We shouldn’t have let the witch-boy participate,” Caspar O’Neal, a member of the jury, whispered in the judge’s ear. “He might be using sorcery. I am almost sure of it.”
“I told Kynaston about that, but you know him—he is so spineless.”
“This is an almost perfect result. Now no one will be able to overcome him.”
Caspar O’Neal turned out to be right. No one from the other eight teams was able to show better results. Jack’s points for the first round were the highest. Still, the Easterners’ favorites hadn’t yet stepped into the game. Jack’s opponent from the Black Team was Dickens. Gloomy, never smiling, Dickens entered the arena astride a black stallion. Eric and Hector were hoping that Dickens would earn a high score as much as they had rooted for Jack. Only then would they face the Black Team in jousting. To their happiness, Dickens McCormack scored 95 points. It was the highest score apart from Jack, but it still didn’t satisfy Peter McCormack, who, without hiding his disappointment, muttered under his breath, “What a lazy, untalented boy.”
“That’s not a bad score,” his wife said defensively, but Peter didn’t say more.
Hector was the second from the Red Team to shoot. He was on a horseback, but his horse didn’t have to gallop. He shot with ease and confidence, earning 94 points, and left the arena to the exultant applause of the audience. His opponent from the Black Team, Thomas Baldric, earned 92 points for his team, and left the arena slightly dissatisfied, though 92 points was considered a good result and allowed his father to priggishly smirk whenever he looked around him.
Eric was the third from the Red Team. The third participant didn’t have to ride a horse. Slightly nervous, Eric walked to the center of the arena and settled at fifty yards away from the first target. He twanged the bowstring, reminiscing about the tips he had received from Jack and Hector. The arrow hit the bullseye. Eric, as well as Electra, who had been sitting still and holding her breath, sighed with relief. The first shot was behind, but another nine were still ahead. Eric looked at the target and, aiming carefully, shot the arrow.
“Ten points!” the judge announced, and again the audience clapped, with Electra being the most excited and enthusiastic.
The third arrow earned him nine points, and eight points came with the fourth.
“Uh,” Medea said, “he’s not doing well.”
“My poor Eric,” said Electra, “he didn’t have much time to practice.”
“Pastries? Chicken patties or gingerbread with raisins?” A young girl with a tray full of snacks was passing between the seats, offering the audience appetizers.
“Yes, I will.” Medea took a chicken patty and gingerbread from the tray, leaving a silver coin instead. “Would you like some?” she asked Electra, but her sister looked at the food in Medea’s hand with a disapproving expression.
“Oh, how can you eat now? I am so tense.”
“But that’s not my boyfriend in the arena!” Medea said with a mouthful of chicken. She looked so funny with full cheeks and a genuine countenance on her face, that Electra chuckled and gave her a quick kiss on the temple, then concentrated on the arena and the shooter in the center. The girls were overjoyed again, for the remaining six arrows brought Eric 58 points.
“Well done!” someone shouted from the audience. It was Uncle Albert, looking proudly at his nephew and trying hard to hold back his emotions, as Peter McCormack was sitting nearby with a displeased expression on his face. When Albert praised Eric, the McCormacks—Peter, Caitlin, and Dinah—scowled at him. McCormack’s glance was condemning Albert not only because his nephew was competing against Peter’s son, but because he was a part of the Red Team led by Jack Fitzroy. Their gloomy faces did not upset little Henry, who, upon seeing the stern looks, with a child’s naivety and sincerity showed them his tongue. Riona quickly put her palm over his mouth and made a remark about good behavior.
After the shooting was complete, the jurors counted the points and announced the names of the five out of ten teams that were advancing to the next level. The Red and the Black teams had the highest points, followed by the Green, White, and Blue teams. A twenty-minute break began. The minstrels played cheerful music and acrobats performed tricks with fire, juggled balls, clubs, and burning sticks, while the targets in the arena were replaced with bigger and stronger ones to withstand the javelin round.
The javelin throwing was a harder task. It demanded not only concentration but also good strength. After javelin throwing, only two teams were supposed to advance to the last level and participate in the jousting. Experienced Jack and Hector didn’t have much trouble with the javelins and collected 95 points each. Then came Eric's turn. He mounted Pegasus, and receiving Jack's last-minute instructions, rode out into the arena. His assistant, Castor, stood by Pegasus, passing the javelins to Eric, who would grab them with his right hand then aim at the target. After waiting for a second or two to make sure that Pegasus was under his control, Eric would then gallop astride the horse and throw the javelins at the targets. For a newcomer Eric did well, accumulating 80 points and a hail of applause. After throwing the last javelin he sighed heavily and tried to relax. Another task was over, and he could rest for a short while until the last and the hardest part began—the jousting.
After the jury counted all the points, Judge Alistair announced the two teams that had made it to the last level. Those were the Red and the Black teams. This was exactly what the boys were hoping for, as none of them could forget what the Easterners had done at the concert and at the fair, and all three had a burning desire to meet Dickens, Thomas, and Tim one-on-one.
The herald wrote down the names of the participants on small sheets of paper, put them inside two similar glass boxes, and let the judge decide who would face whom. Judge Alistair simultaneously lowered his hands inside the boxes and took out the first two names: Hector MacGavin and Tim Van Balen.
“He doesn’t stand a chance,” Hector smirked.
Judge Alistair took the next two sheets. “Jack Fitzroy and Thomas Baldric,” he announced.
Hector and Jack exchanged glances. Jack shook his head with disappointment.
“Is anything wrong?” Eric asked.
“Yes,” he said. “I was hoping to get McCormack as my opponent.”
“Don’t worry,” Eric said. “I don’t mind jousting against my neighbor.”
“It’s not that,” Jack sighed. “Dickens is … too good.”
“You mean I can’t overcome him?”
“Eric O’Brian and Dickens McCormack,” the judge announced the last pair, though everyone already knew the names of the last opponents, and the revelation wasn’t comforting. Uncle Albert and Peter McCormack looked at each other; the latter smirked and turned away. Electra and Medea exchanged worried glances, too. They had all seen Dickens on the arena. He had been training all his life, whilst Eric was a newcomer. All of them had hoped that he’d face either Thomas or Tim, who were not as agile and aggressive on the arena as Dickens was, and now had to witness the fallacy of their expectations.
Although wooden spears were used for the jousting, all the participants still had to wear armor, as the wooden spears were no less dangerous than the steel ones. In the red tent, the fellows were discussing tactics and putting on their armor with the help of their assistants. Jack and Hector had met Thomas and Tim in the arena multiple times; they knew all their flaws and weaknesses. Dickens was different. He had no flaws, and his skills in jousting were nearly perfect. Even though Jack and Hector made sure to let Eric know about Dickens’ possible moves and manoeuvres, they didn’t think Eric could use them to his advantage; he was too unskilled.
Slowly and carefully the three knights put on the armor made by Hector and his father, as even a small mistake could cause major injuries. They first put on the foot irons on their boots, then covered their knees with the poleyns, put on the cuisses to protect the thighs and attached the spurs. Putting on the armor that covered the arms, hands, and the body took longer, as each of the fellows needed the assistance of both of the elder squires. Putting on the armor by oneself was almost impossible. The armor consisted of individual elements for each limb, which, in turn, consisted of metal plates that had to be attached to each other by movable rivets and leather straps. After getting inside the armor, the young men put on their red tabards and gauntlets and walked out of the tent. Castor and Pollux had already put champrons on the horses’ heads to protect their faces from the spears, and iron peytrals on the chests of the animals. The knights mounted their stallions, put on their helmets, and rode to the arena with their young squires at their sides, holding the lances and shields.
Jack and Eric stopped at the fence. “Good luck!” they said to Hector, who nodded and cantered to the center of the arena to the sounds of drums and trumpets. When Hector and Tim took their stations, their squires handed them their shields and lances. The herald stood on a stand and raised his hands. Everyone was silent. The only sound came from the drummers, who were waiting for the herald's sign. He kept everyone in tension for another second, then abruptly lowered his hands. The drumming stopped immediately.
“Go!” the herald yelled.
Hector and Tim hit the spurs simultaneously and tilted at high speed. As Hector had promised, he didn’t give Tim a second chance, and threw him down with the first blow. Tim crashed to the ground and rolled a few feet.
“What in thunder!” Manfred Van Balen shouted. “That boy cheated!”
Judge Alistair raised his hand and gestured for the man to be quiet. Then the jurors talked quietly for thirty seconds, and the judge announced that there had been no cheating. Hector’s victory was flawless. Disappointed, Tim left the arena while Hector enjoyed the applause and the delighted glances the young ladies aimed at him.
Jack and Thomas’ jousting match lasted longer. They tilted twice but none struck the other. The third time, Jack hit Thomas’ shield with his lance and broke it into pieces. Though Thomas, overwhelmed by the blow, was able to regain his balance and didn’t fall off the horse, Jack was declared the winner.
“Well done, Jack!” Medea shouted, jumping on her feet and applauding. Ariadne and Electra joined her, waving to Jack and cheering for him.
When it was time for Eric and Dickens to begin their jousting match, Dickens approached the members of the jury and said something. No one else heard what he was saying, but those sitting closer noticed how the judge’s expression changed: he knitted his eyebrows, his look became sober, and he seemed to ask Dickens the same question a few times. Then Judge Alistair turned to the jurors. They discussed something, some of them shook their heads, and the rest looked puzzled. Everyone was curious to know what was going on. At last, the judge stood up and said, “Dickens McCormack has chosen real weapons!”
A hiss came from the audience.
“Scumbag!” Jack muttered. He hurried to Eric and told him to dismount the horse. Eric didn’t hear him because of the noise the audience was making. “Come down,” Jack repeated, holding Pegasus’ reins, but Eric’s attention was still on the stand with the jurors. Jack had to repeat his words again to gain his attention.
“Why?” Eric asked.
“Because you will not joust with real weapons.”
“If I refuse then we lose,” he said.
“I know. But you can’t joust with real weapons. It’s too dangerous.”
“That’s what he wants us to do. I’m not going to let him win!”
“I said come down. I will announce that we are quitting.”
“No way you are doing that.” Eric hit the spurs, reached the jurors’ stand and said, “I accept the challenge.”
Electra felt her heart ache. She turned to her uncle, who in turn looked at his family. “That boy is out of his mind. I need to stop this.”
Uncle Colin, Shay MacGavin, and Uncle Albert simultaneously approached the jury’s stand, and a quarrel began over whether the boys could joust with real weapons or not. The jurors were saying over and over that those were the rules, and though they were old, they were still in full power, and any participant had the right to choose real weapons.
“This has been done multiple times during the tournaments,” the judge said.
“But not in this century!” Colin told him.
“It doesn’t matter. There is a rule that should be followed. Young O’Brian can refuse.”
“I am not refusing,” Eric said.
“Of course you are,” said Uncle Albert.
The argument lasted for a quarter of an hour. Neither Dickens nor Eric changed their minds, and the elders were forced to go back to their seats.
With a grave face, Colin returned to his place.
“Dear, are they going to let this happen?”
“Yes,” he told his wife, “they are.”
None of them said anymore; all attention was drawn to the arena.
Uncle Albert had the same grave look as Colin when he went back to his seat.
“You shouldn’t let the boy do this!” Riona chided him.
“That boy is the most disobedient and unruly child I have ever seen. I don't even know what I’m going to tell his parents if anything happens to him.” Uncle Albert’s voice was shaking with anxiety.
“Mommy, Eric will fight with swords?” Henry asked her.
“Nora, I think you should take Henry and go home,” Riona told her daughter, who was totally absorbed in the coming jousting and didn’t move.
“Nora, dear, please take your brother and leave,” Riona told her, holding her hand.
Eleanora was about to argue when the trumpeters blew the horns. Dickens, astride his black stallion, put on his helmet, took the shield and the spear, and rode to the center of the arena with an easy gait. Eric took the lance from his squire, but instead of riding to the center, he cantered to the stand where Electra was sitting, and under the gazes of the audience, stretched the lance to her.
“Will you do me an honor?” he asked.
For the first few seconds Electra looked lost, and only stared at Eric with pleading eyes. He shook his head, telling her that he wasn’t going to change his mind about the jousting. Electra took the sky-blue shawl off her neck, and with trembling hands tied it to the edge of Eric’s lance. “Please be careful,” she whispered. 
Eric nodded.
Receiving his maiden’s token, he galloped to his station, where Jack was standing instead of Pollux, holding an oblong shield, which he handed to Eric.
“Well done, Ivanhoe, now concentrate on the jousting,” Jack said. “Keep the lance up and cover your leg with the shield; he will try to hit your thigh or knee.”
Jack left Eric’s side. The drumming began. For a minute Eric and Dickens looked at each other from their positions, waiting for the drumming to end. With the herald’s signal, the horsemen rushed forth. As Jack had predicted, Dickens unexpectedly lowered his lance and hit Eric’s kneecap. The armor broke, the lance wounded Eric’s knee, but he kept his balance and didn’t fall.
“I told him to protect his knee!” Jack muttered, pressing his hands against his temples. Hector only shook his head.
The opponents retook their positions, and receiving the herald's signal, tilted for the second time. This time Dickens’ lance caught in the cheekpiece of Eric’s helmet and unhorsed him. Eric crashed to the ground, dropping his spear. Electra gasped and covered her mouth with her palms, not taking her eyes off Eric and holding her breath until he rose to his feet.
Then something unexpected happened. Dickens, though untouched by Eric's spear, reeled a moment in the saddle, then fell on the ground. No one understood why. No one from the audience, none of his friends and squires had seen Eric's lance touch him, but Dickens fell, which meant that there was no winner yet. Dickens fell because of a sudden vertigo but quickly rose to his feet, then instantly mounted his stallion, turned around and hit the spurs. Gripping the lance in his hand, he dashed towards Eric, who managed to take his spear from the ground and block Dickens’ blow. Eric hit him with all his might, causing him to fall again. Dickens stood up and called to Thomas.
“My sword!”
Immediately Thomas threw him his sword, which Dickens caught in the air, then turned to Eric, getting ready to pounce on him. Eric stepped back and turned to Jack. Pollux, who was standing nearest to the red tent and being quick-fingered, grabbed a sword from the tent and threw it to his brother. Castor caught the sword and tossed it to Hector. Hector flung it to Jack, and Jack, being the closest to Eric, threw him the weapon. All this took only seconds, and Eric caught the sword just in time to block and throw back Dickens’ blow. His opponent’s strokes rained mightily, and Eric was hardly blocking them. Under the strong hits he retreated, trying to stay on his feet. After another mighty blow Eric fell to the ground. Dickens would have hit him on the chest if Eric hadn’t managed to raise his sword and block his trunk.
Electra gasped and covered her eyes with her hands.
“This is too dangerous,” Colin muttered.
“He’s going to kill him,” Albert said, and again rushed to the jurors.
Concentrating all his strength, Eric threw Dickens back and stood up. His helmet was damaged, making it difficult to see Dickens when he attacked from the left. Eric stepped back, took off the helmet, and threw it aside.
“What is he doing?” Electra muttered in a shaking voice.
“He is crazy,” Medea whispered.
Albert and Colin, who once again had approached the jurors’ stand, demanded them to stop the fight.
“We can’t stop it,” the judge said. “The tournament has rules. One of them has to yield.”
“This is beyond the rules!” Albert shouted. “These boys will kill each other!”
The judge looked at the jurors. Two of them agreed to end the battle, three disagreed.
Cassandra had been watching the fight with horror, but when Eric took off his helmet, she turned to Raymond and squeezed his hand. “Raymond, do something,” she pleaded.
That very moment, Dickens, seeing that Eric took off his helmet, did the same and threw his helmet on the ground.
Caitlin McCormack gave out a barely audible cry. She turned to her husband and said with a plea in her voice, “Peter, you have to stop this. He could get hurt.”
Peter McCormack stayed silent.
“Peter, do something. He might hurt our son.”
“Let them continue,” he said.
When another clash sounded, Caitlin had to look away, fearing she might witness her son’s decapitation. “I can’t take this anymore,” she said. “Someone has to stop this.”
Dinah asked her father why he was sitting still, but Peter gave her a strict glance, which meant that she was not supposed to interfere. Dinah clenched her fingers into fists and looked at the arena where one of the opponents was her brother and the other was the fellow whom she was fond of, though she tried to prove herself the opposite as much as she could.
“What is wrong with you?” Uncle Albert shouted at the jurors. “Don’t you have children? Stop this now!”
“I agree. This has to be stopped,” said Raymond, who had left his box and was now standing near the jurors’ stand. “I have participated in the tournament four times, and never in my life have I seen anything as dangerous. Those two fellows might kill each other.”
“They are wearing armor—”
“Armor?” Colin exclaimed. “That armor was not intended for steel or iron blows. And they even took off the helmets! Stop this right now or I’ll do it myself.”
He turned to the arena and was about to jump over the fence when the judge stopped him. Alistair looked at Sheriff De Roy, who was silently sitting nearby and seemingly enjoying the fight in the arena. The clash of iron wasn’t stopping, and the blows that the young men were pouring on each other were becoming more aggressive with each strike.
“Stop them,” the judge told De Roy. The sheriff slowly stood up and beckoned two of his officers to stop the fighters. At the same time, the judge made a gesture with his hand, telling the trumpeters to blow the horns. But neither the horns nor the officers’ presence made Dickens stop fighting. Hearing the sound, Eric turned to the jurors, and while he was distracted, Dickens pounced on him and knocked him to the ground.
Eric’s chest hurt. He put his palm over the armor and heard someone calling his name. It could be Electra, but he wasn’t sure. The pain was so unbearable that he almost blacked out. He barely managed to see Dickens approaching. Dickens’ sword rushed towards him, but Eric rolled to the side and the sword clanged against the ground. Dickens raised it again despite the officers once more demanding him to stop the fight. They raised their bludgeons and tried to approach the fighters, but none of them dared go any closer, for Eric was back on his feet, and the fight continued with more fury. It seemed that nothing could stop them. Even the rain that began pouring mercilessly was of no significance. When thunder boomed and the water gushed as if from a waterfall, part of the audience hurried to find shelter, but lots of townsfolk continued watching the fight, some out of curiosity, others out of fear for the fighters.
“Stop it!” everyone urged the boys, but Dickens and Eric, although soaked in water, hands aching, still didn’t give up. Neither of them wanted to quit; neither wanted to be the loser.
“Eric, stop it!” Uncle Albert was yelling, standing right by the fence. “Stop it I said!”
It was useless. The opponents were absolutely absorbed in their meaningless fight, and even the cuts on their faces didn’t stop them.
“That’s it!” Medea said. “They both are starting to irritate me.”
She stormed away from Electra, who was standing at the fence, tightly squeezing the wood with her fingers and looking at the arena. Another two officers had joined their comrades, but to stop the fight they’d have to take the weapons out of the combatants’ hands, which wasn’t possible, as they wouldn’t stop even for a second. Now they were near the fence, forcing everyone to rush away to avoid being hit by a sword. When Eric leaned over the wooden fence an officer tried to grab him and thus stop the fight, but then Dickens raised his sword, and if Eric hadn’t managed to shake off the officer’s grip, Dickens’ sword would’ve killed them both. They managed to jump aside in time, and the sword hit the fence, breaking it in two.
There was not to be a second blow. When the sword once again rose in the air something hit it sharply and forced Dickens drop the weapon. In a second, the same thing hit Eric’s sword, making it fall off his hands. Unarmed, the fighters looked first at each other, then at the crowd, which was staring at them. No one could explain what had happened until they saw Medea sitting on the fence of the arena with a pulled bowstring and an arrow in her hands. The rain was hitting her face, but she didn’t move, only stared at the fighters.
“If either of you tries to raise a sword, I will shoot your hand without hesitation,” she said.
Her tone didn’t leave room for doubt; she was serious, and her voice sounded menacing. Neither doubted her ability to shoot. She lowered the bow only after the fighters left the arena. The dreadful tournament was over at last.
16. The Creature

Later that evening, after the tournament, the youngsters had a meeting in the fireplace hall of the blue castle. They were discussing the marks that the boys had on their chests and wondering what kind of animal could have done that.
“Maybe it was a snake?” Medea proposed.
“I think we would’ve noticed a snake biting us on the chest,” Jack said.
“Whatever it is, those bites might be the reason behind your paleness and constant vertigo,” Cassandra said in a tone of voice that Jack jokingly called doctorish.
“Let me see them.” Andromeda came in.
“Mom, it’s not a big deal,” Jack tried to protest, but was silenced by the uplifted finger of his mother.
“Let me decide that.” she said, and drew Jack close, unbuttoning his shirt. She carefully looked at the small bites, then beckoned Hector to approach her. He had the same marks. “Come here,” she told Eric, who obeyed her, showing her the reddish bites on his chest. Andromeda examined them in silence. A cloud of concern shadowed her face. She turned to the girls who were sitting on the carpet and asked them, “Do any of you have such bites?”
They all simultaneously shook heads.
“What do you think it is?” the young people asked her.
“I—” she hesitated, “I am not sure, but I have my suspicions.”
“So?” Jack asked. “Will you share your ideas with us?”
“I need to talk to your father.”
“Wait, mom, tell us what you think about all this. You don’t think it’s a snake, do you?”
“It’s a snake,” Medea said.
“It can’t be a snake,” Jack reassured her. “How come none of us felt a snake’s bite?”
“Maybe a bat?” Electra asked.
“A werewolf?” Cassandra added.
“A vampire?” was Ariadne’s suggestion.
Each time Andromeda shook her head. “I have only one idea,” she said. “All that you mentioned could leave such marks, but then all of you would carry them, not just the boys.”
“So it has to be something that bites only boys?” Electra asked.
Andromeda nodded. “Before I make any suggestion I need to discuss something with Colin,” she said, and hastened away.
“What do you think this is?” Eric asked when Andromeda was gone. “Who has bitten us? And most importantly, are we going to turn into something?” he said derisively.
“It’s not funny,” Electra said. “It could be dangerous.” She approached him and took his hands in hers. “Your hands are cold. How do you feel?”
“I feel just fine,” Eric responded. “Slightly tired, maybe a bit weaker, but it may be due to the tourney.”
“Or due to something that has been periodically drinking your blood,” Electra said, resting her head on his shoulder. Eric put his hand around her waist and drew her closer to him.
“You really think it’s not an insect?”
“I think it’s something else.” Electra looked at the girls. “What do you think?”
“If I understood correctly, there is something that bites the boys, drinks their blood, which has caused them to become paler day by day and be tortured by vertigo and sickness,” Ariadne said. “Which means that this something is either very small, that none of you have noticed it, or very quick. Or both.”
“Not necessarily,” Cassandra said. “Why have none of them felt the bites? I don’t think it’s about the size or speed, rather the time. Vampire bats have an anaesthetic when they bite, and the victim doesn’t feel the bites. So, when someone is asleep, he will not feel the bite and wake up.”
“So is this a bat?”
“If it is, then not an ordinary one. It bites only young men,” Cassandra said.
“Maybe they are tastier?” Medea joshed, then added, “We need to search the library.”
Everyone found her suggestion useful; if any bloodsucking creature had been biting the fellows, then there was a chance they’d find out about it in the library. Electra went to see Eric off, and the rest of the youngsters headed to the library, where they spent most of the night searching for answers.

~ * ~

The clock struck twelve.
Dinah still couldn’t sleep. She was sitting on the bed in her bedroom and staring at the clock on the wall, thinking about the tournament and what it had turned into. When Dickens and Eric began the fight, she didn’t know what she had wanted to happen. She was convincing herself that she wished her brother would beat up Eric, but then something inside her would oppose that feeling. When Eric took Electra’s token, Dinah felt a hellish fire burning inside her. She wanted both of them to suffer the worst tortures, but every time Dickens raised his sword, her heart jumped from fear.
A hundred times Dinah tried to distract herself with reading, but in the middle of the page, she would again start thinking of the tournament. She began cleaning her shelves, her wardrobe, sorted all her dresses, hats, gloves, and jewelry. But no matter what she did, still the thoughts kept coming back into her head. She couldn’t stop thinking about Eric. Why did he come back? Why? It was so much better without him. But he was back and so close, right next door; she could go out, take twenty steps, and meet him.
Dinah sharply got up and began walking up and down the room. Stop it, she thought, stop it. But he was stuck in her head. He, who had chosen the witches, would not leave her mind. He, who insulted her, occupied all her thoughts. The only way to stop that torture was to drive Eric away from Hollow. She had to think of something, a way to send him off, send him off forever. When he was away from Hollow she was happy, she didn’t think of him much, and her heart was calm; no jealousy possessed her. But now, when he was back, when he lived so close and spent all his time with the witches, she couldn’t tolerate his presence.
Dinah decided to talk to Dickens. Her brother would come up with an idea on how to send Eric permanently away from Hollow. He has to go, Dinah thought on her way to Dickens’ room. Then I will not feel so miserable anymore. She knocked on the door. Her brother didn’t answer. He had been tired after the tournament and was probably asleep. But Dinah was in turmoil and couldn’t go to bed without thinking over a plan. She was sure that Dickens would come up with a good idea.
Dinah carefully opened the door to Dickens’ bedroom and raised the candle above her head to see if Dickens was already asleep. The room was dark, but the window was open, and the dim moonlight illuminated the bed where Dickens was lying. Dinah saw his hand peeping from under the blanket, his golden hair on the pillow, and someone leaning over his bare chest. The stranger had long hair that totally covered her face. Neither the stranger nor Dickens was moving. Dinah’s startled mind tried to find an explanation for the scene, and the only thing that she came up with was that Dickens was unwell, and Caitlin was helping him.
“Mother?” she whispered, concentrating her eyes on the woman’s figure in the dark. Whoever it was, she raised her head and looked at Dinah. The latter gasped and dropped the candle. The light went out. Dinah leaned against the wall and pressed her hands over her mouth. The woman-like creature hissed at her; her white fangs, stained with blood, shone in the moonlight. In a second she jumped on the windowsill and crept out of the bedroom through the window. The slithering sound of her long, scaly tail caused Dinah’s skin to break out in goose bumps. Automatically she rushed to the window and shut it, then turned to Dickens, who was still asleep. Dinah grabbed his shoulders and began shaking him.
“Dickens! Dickens, wake up!” she pleaded. “What have I done? Oh, what have I done?”


17. Straight through the Mirror

“A lamia?”
“I am almost sure of it,” Electra said, but Jack shook his head.
“You mean to say that a lamia visits us at night and drinks our blood?”
“It could be,” Medea said. “Here, read this passage.” She showed him a book titled Bloodthirsty Creatures and Evils. “Lamias are on the list.”
“And this one says that lamias lurk in the night and drink young men’s blood before sending them into a lethargic state. That is why none of you have felt her presence,” Cassandra said, holding the book Lamias.
“Lamia,” Jack said thoughtfully. “Lamia. Where did she come from?”
No one answered. 
“She can’t have appeared from thin air, right?”
“Right,” said Hector. “But if it’s really a lamia, we must think of a way to get rid of her.”
“First of all, keep your windows shut at night,” Electra said.
“No, on the contrary, keep them open and wait for her,” Medea suggested. “If a lamia has been climbing into your bedrooms and drinking your blood, that means you have a good chance of catching her.”
“We can do what you suggest, but we’re not the only young men in Hollow. We can’t be present near every window.”
“What we need is to find out where that creature came from and how we can get rid of it,” Hector said. “Let’s go back to searching. Your library is big enough; we might find something else that can be of help.”
“I found a chapter about the cave where the evil creatures live,” Electra said, thumbing a handwritten manuscript. “It only talks about a cave and that some McMadicus locked it.”
“McMadicus? Who is that?” Jack asked.
“McMadicus was a blacksmith. He lived centuries ago,” Hector said.
“What do you know of him?”
Hector shrugged. “Not much. I have heard only of one McMadicus, who was a famous blacksmith and made everything from armor to iron furniture. Father used to tell me about him when I was a child. I remember him mentioning that Blacksmith McMadicus was a real craftsman.”
“When do you say he lived?”
“Centuries ago.”
“Could you be more precise?”
“I don’t know. Four or five hundred years ago.”
“He’s a historical figure then. There might be information about him in the books of Hollow’s history,” Jack said. “Search some more. If we don’t find anything, we shall go to the public library.”
They searched for another hour until Uncle Colin entered the library and became angry that the young people were not asleep yet. They didn’t tell him about their discoveries and ideas, as they knew Colin and Andromeda wouldn’t let them go on another dangerous venture. They continued the search in the morning, had breakfast, then again returned to the shelves with books, but didn’t find any other helpful information and decided to visit the town’s library.
Hollow’s public library was on the West Bank, and none of the witches had ever had a problem entering the place. But today there was a problem, as they needed Hollow’s history books, which were placed under protective glass stands and locked. The five volumes were old, handwritten, and were not just historical books, but were also considered pieces of art. The mayor’s written permission was necessary not only for reading the books, but even for touching them. The witches knew they wouldn’t have Kynaston Daley’s permission. Hector proposed that his father ask for the mayor’s consent, but after a conversation with the librarian he abandoned the plan. As the old man said, it sometimes took from a week to a month to get permission. They didn’t have that much time.
“What shall we do?” the girls asked.
Jack and Hector looked around the hall, its marble columns and iron statues. The hall was spacious, with dozens of oblong wooden tables and comfortable chairs; a few children and youngsters were sitting at the tables and thumbing through the books, copying passages or reading them attentively. The librarian’s desk was at the wall, right next to the glass stands with the five volumes. There was no way they could touch the books without the old man noticing. He was aged and wore thick glasses, but nothing happening in the library avoided his attention. The old librarian noticed everything, be it a young boy dropping his pen, a girl hiding behind the bookcase and drinking a soft drink, or a fellow treating a book clumsily.
The young people spent some time around the stands looking at the books, thinking of a way to read them. Noticing them near the stands for too long, the old librarian left his desk and approached the youths. “Is there anything else I could do to help you?” he asked, looking at them over his thick glasses.
“Oh, we just wanted to read the books,” Medea answered.
“I am happy that young people nowadays still like reading, but as I said, you will need permission from the Town Hall.”
“Maybe you could make an exception?” Cassandra begged.
“No, no, my dear lady, that is impossible. If everyone obeys the law, the world will become a better place to live.”
“Oh, it would take us just a minute,” Electra pleaded.
“What is it that interests you so much in Hollow’s history?”
The girls went quiet and exchanged hidden glances then tried to come up with a plausible story about an essay they had to write about Hollow.
While the girls spoke with the librarian, Jack and Hector toured the library, looking at the corners and inside the rooms, hoping to find another way to get the books. They stumbled upon old stairs, heavy with hundreds of dusty books, which led to the third floor, into Hollow’s museum. The young men examined the place and noticed a door behind the stairs. It wasn’t locked, and the boys entered a cosy room full of books stored in bookcases made of red wood. A modern-looking leather couch was placed against the wall, a contrast to the other furniture, which resembled those of the Elizabethan era: heavy oak-wood chairs and a table with simple ornamentation. Hector lay down on the soft blue couch and pointed to the cupboard on the front wall with wine bottles and high glasses.
“Dear boy, please be kind and pour me some wine,” he said jokingly.
“You have chosen a bad time for fooling around,” Jack said, looking at the wine bottles. “Château Lafleur! Not bad.”
“Do you think this is where the Council Meetings take place?” Hector asked, putting his hands under his head and staring at the ceiling with small crystal chandeliers.
“I don’t think they’d have the meetings on the West Bank. I’ve heard they meet at the Town Hall.”
“Then whose room is this?”
“Could be a separate room for Professor Northmind, my Grandfather’s colleague, who buys and sends all those books here, or for Duchess Iphigenia and her entourage consisting of those pretentious snobs from high society. She frequently visits the library when she comes to Hollow.”
Jack reached the inner corner of the room and stopped abruptly in front of something that immediately caught his attention.
Hector stood up and approached his friend, staring at the same thing. “Is this a replica?” he asked.
“It’s the real thing.”
When the boys returned to the hall, the girls were still trying to convince the librarian to let them read the books, but he was adamant.
“Come on girls, its dinnertime,” Jack said, and advanced to the exit, followed by Hector. The girls looked after them, curious to know what they had found. Jack seemed to be in good mood, which happened only when he had a solution or a plan. They hurried after the fellows, looking forward to hear their news.
“There is a mirror,” Jack said. “We shall come at night.”
Jack and Hector told the girls what they were going to do. They had found a mirror in one of the rooms in the library and were going to use it the same way they had been using the mirror in Sheriff De Roy’s house to sneak into his dark room and take the diaries from the closet. The thick patterned frame of the mirror in the library looked exactly like the one in De Roy’s house and the one they had in the blue castle. The mirrors were the boys’ only way to get inside the public library at night and read the books.
Late at night, Jack and Hector were sitting on the floor before the door of the Lady of Shallot’s room. Leaning his head against the door, Jack would look at his watch once in a while. He drummed his fingers on the parquet floor then closed his eyes and sat motionless for nearly twenty minutes. Hector wasn’t moving either, and neither of them were in the mood to talk. They knew what they were going to do, had discussed the plan, and now all they needed was the right time.
Jack opened his eyes when he heard footsteps on the stairs. His three cousins appeared in the corridor holding lanterns.
“Why aren’t you in bed?” he asked.
“We are coming with you,” Electra said.
“It’s not necessary, we won’t be long.”
“Jack is right. Go to bed, girls,” Hector told them.
“We have made up our minds, and none of you can convince us otherwise,” Medea said.
“And besides, there are five volumes,” Cassandra added. “Each of us will take a book, and we shall finish quicker.”
Jack knew that arguing with them was a hopeless task. He slightly nodded and looked at his watch again. Then he put his ear against the door and listened. “I think it is time. She seems to be gone.” Jack opened the door, and one by one, they entered the small, dark room. Electra and Cassandra snapped their fingers, lighting up the candles above the loom. The room was empty. They went to the mirror next to the unfinished tapestry. Jack stretched his hand and touched something behind the mirror’s frame. A dim light appeared on the surface of the glass. The girls squinted and looked inside the mirror.
“Is this his house?” Electra asked.
“Yes,” Hector answered.
“Creepy,” Cassandra whispered.
Jack was still touching the back of the frame, and the view in the mirror was changing.
“Not that,” Hector was saying while looking at the images within the mirror. When he saw the familiar sight of the bookshelves, he told Jack to stop. They all looked into the mirror, which now depicted the room in the library.
“Let’s go,” Jack said, and took his lantern. Before taking a step inside the mirror, he looked back and whispered, “Don’t forget to close your eyes.”
The girls nodded. Jack stepped into the empty frame and disappeared inside the mirror. Hector waited for all three girls to go inside, and taking his lantern, followed them. When they opened their eyes, the room with the tapestry was gone. They were standing in the darkness, before the tall mirror. Jack and Hector raised their lanterns and beckoned the girls to follow them. Slowly taking each step, they walked past the stairs and reached the door of the library’s Great Hall. Jack poked the lock with a thin metal wand. He opened the door and entered the hall.
Wrapped in total darkness, the place looked ominous and unnerving. The companions made their way between the long tables, looking around at the figures of the knights in armor, at the shields and flags hanging down the walls, and at the high shelves of books with once colorful covers which in the darkness looked grey and dull.
The locks of the stands with the five volumes were harder to open, but after some long minutes, Jack successfully unlocked them. Each of the young people carefully took one of the volumes and settled themselves right at the feet of the glass stands.
“Read slowly and attentively. If we don't finish the books tonight we shall come again until we find anything helpful,” Jack said as they opened the first pages of the old books that told the history of Hollow, from its foundation in 1122 until the year 1923. They had to read about 801 years, a task that could take more than one night.
For some hours only the sound of turning pages was audible, echoing in the daunting silence. Everyone was engrossed in Hollow’s history, which was separated into five books, and the first volume was now in Medea’s hands. She was reading about Morwen the Bright, a witch who founded the town as a sanctuary for witches and wizards in 1122 with her sister Nimwen. Small at first, the town grew during the following years and flourished into a magical place with living trees and flowers, babbling streams, and mysterious inhabitants.
Medea, absorbed in her town’s history, eagerly turned the pages, reading about the witch hunts that happened throughout the centuries, the town’s rulers, the Council, the festivals, and the famous witches and wizards who were born in Hollow and later spread around the world, founding their own magical towns. The first volume also told about Hollow’s knights, famous wizards, the conflicts between the White and Black Witches, and mysterious places hidden in the town, such as the strange forest which the dryads had chosen as a habitat, the lake where mermaids had found their sanctuary, and the cave which hid secrets and dangers inside its depths.
“I think I found something,” Medea whispered after the young people had been silently reading for almost three hours.
Everyone put their books on the floor, approached her and sat nearby, hoping that she had indeed found something meaningful.
“Read it aloud, but not too loud,” Jack said.
Medea began reading a passage from the eleventh chapter, “The source of all the evil was thought to be the cave known by the name Imgroth. In 1480, upon exploring it, Blacksmith McMadicus found a dark hole, a cave within a cave, Taidgroth, which led to more petrifying secrets and existences. McMadicus then made an iron door and closed the entrance to the second cave. By the order of the Council, he made two silver keys for the door. McMadicus later regretted making the keys for the Council, as their intentions were dark and cunning. Taking both of the keys, he tried to escape the town, but the Council chased him with bloodhounds. When the hounds tracked him down, McMadicus threw the keys into the bronze fountain of the square before the hounds tore him to pieces. To the Council's luck, one of the silver keys got caught in the statue of the whistler. The other one was left inside the fountain. It is believed to still be there.” Medea finished reading the passage and looked up. Dark shadows had fallen on her face, making her eyes seem blacker and deeper. “Did anyone understand anything?”
“The Council was able to recover a key, so they still might have it, and someone might have opened the door of the second cave and let the lamia or any other evil being out,” Jack said. “I doubt we can get the key from the Council. I have no idea where they may be keeping it, which means we should look for the second key and lock the door.”
“The key is still believed to be in the fountain? How is that possible? The fountain hasn’t worked for ages. It is empty. I have seen it a thousand times, there is no key inside,” Electra said. “Of course, maybe someone had taken it after the book was written, but why did they not do that right after McMadicus was killed?”
“This seems to be some kind of riddle.”
“You mean why no one took the key that was thrown into the fountain?”
“Maybe they did, but the one who wrote this passage decided to lie.”
“Sounds possible.”
“Why would the historian lie?”
“Then what stopped them from stretching their hands and getting the key out of the fountain?”
Discussing the passage and exchanging ideas, the young people came to the same conclusion: the story contained some riddle or puzzle that had to be solved. They went back to reading, and stayed at the library until dawn. Nothing else in the books mentioned anything about bloodthirsty creatures, the cave, or the fountain. With the arrival of dawn, the adventurers put the books back into their places and went back home, straight through the mirror.



18. McAlisters at Cauldron and Broom

No sooner had the girls gone to sleep, when Morrigan rapped her beak on the window.
“Ugh, that bird again!” Medea muttered half-asleep.
“I can’t open my eyes, I’m too tired,” Electra murmured. 
Under the pouring rain, Morrigan continued to rap the glass of the window. 
“Get up, let her in,” Electra murmured again, her voice lazy and sleepy.
Yawning, Cassandra got up and walked to the window with half-open eyes. After having read all night, her eyes were still tired. Her lids felt heavy and her body sore. She opened the window and the rain gushed inside the bedroom along with the ivory-colored crow, which sat right above Medea’s head and cawed, making her gasp.
Medea grabbed her pillow and waved it abruptly above her head, hoping to hit Morrigan and make her hush, but the crow dodged the blow and this time settled down on the top of an old cheval glass.
Cassandra closed the window and looked at the bird. “What has happened, Morrigan? Why won’t you let us rest a little?” she asked sleepily, getting back into her warm bed and burying her bare feet under the blanket. She had just put her head on the soft pillow and was about to begin dreaming when Morrigan cawed loudly. Cassandra jumped in bed.
“McAlisters! In the Cauldron and Broom! Hurry!”
They got ready immediately, and in ten minutes were already leaving the castle. To their luck, Medea didn’t occupy their bathroom for half an hour as she usually did every morning. Upon hearing the McAlisters’ name, she got ready almost as quickly as her sisters. This was something they had faced already two months ago when the McAlister clan was passing across Hollow and decided to find haven from the merciless rain in the Cauldron and Broom. How many had there been? Twelve? Fifteen? Electra was sure she had counted at least twenty Scotsmen, and some of them were so alike that she kept forgetting if it was Dougal whose mug she replenished, or if it was Malcolm who kept telling her to bring him more ale. Then there were Ranald, Tavish, Lachlan, Hamish, Gillian, Kenneth, Finlay, Donnan, and Somerled, and all of them were big, loud, noisy, funny, and not averse to having good pork or a fine beer.
When the girls reached the restaurant, the feast was in full height. The mighty clan was leaving in the evening, and they had decided to start the banquet—as they jokingly called the feast—earlier, to be able to “Enjoy and devour everything that dear kind Mrs. Fitzroy offers.”
Entering the restaurant, the girls saw an oblong table stretched from one side of the hall to the other, which was almost breaking under all kinds of food and mugs full of ale. Uncle Colin, Shay MacGavin, Alan Pickering, as well as the members of the great clan were minding their food and chatting so loudly that people from the neighboring houses peeped their heads through the windows in naked curiosity to see what was happening in the restaurant, until they were driven back inside their homes by the furious rain.
The three waitresses, with heavy trays in their hands, were running from one end of the table to the other, looking like lost children in a crowd of auburn-haired, long-bearded men. Surely not all of them had the famous Scottish look; the five young men whom Eric had met at the fair were not as mighty or as bearded, but were no less loud and demanding in food. They had just started to devour the trout when the girls approached the table.
“There are the young ladies!” Boyd, the youngest of them, called.
“Greetings to you!” said Ranald, the one with the longest beard, which reached his belly and carried lots of food leftovers stuck inside. His comrades loved to joke about Ranald’s beard, claiming that he used it as a portable larder. “Which of you will be kind enough to fill my mug with ale?”
“I hope that this time my tips will be more comforting,” Medea muttered, and headed to the kitchen, where her Aunt and two other cooks were rushing from the oven to the pantry, from the pantry to the sink, carrying vegetables, fish, lamb, and chicken, cutting, boiling, roasting, and toasting.
“Oh, girls, thank heavens you are here,” Andromeda said, cutting the paprika. “We didn’t think our guests would arrive so early in the morning. Apparently they came for breakfast, when I was expecting them for dinner.”
“Breakfast, sure,” Medea said, looking around and wondering what to start with. “They ask for ale already.”
“As you are here, you will help us,” said Aunt, who was now getting the Haggis rolls out of the oven and arranging them in wide dishes. “Jeannette, you may take this.”
The waitress masterfully took the three wide dishes simultaneously and disappeared behind the door. Just then the other waitress, Les, entered the kitchen, holding a sheet of paper in one hand and a pencil in the other.
“Oh, Mrs. Fitzroy, now they want roasted pork with beans in lemon juice, tomato soup, Cornish pastries, crusted lamb with roasted vegetables, carrot cake with icing, salmon with pineapple and green peas, and the best beer and ale we can offer!”
“Huh?” was all the girls could say, unsure they would have enough time to prepare it all. Suddenly the shelves with the cookware opened.
“Ready?” Aunt said, cleaning the fish scales. The girls stared at the shelves. “Electra—Cornish pastries; Medea—carrot cake; Cassandra—blueberry mousse. Go!”
When Aunt Andromeda said the last word, the cups, plates, and cutlery jumped into the girls’ hands. It seemed as if the kitchen utensils knew what each of the girls was going to prepare, as the pastry wheel and brush fell into Electra’s hands, while the whisk and the grater appeared in Cassandra’s and Medea’s hands accordingly. Dozens of carrots and yellow swedes flew out of the wooden crate, across the kitchen, and landed in the sink before Electra and Medea, who began washing and cutting them. The kitchen utensils knew exactly when to appear and where to spring, for the salt shaker, sugar box, flour gab, bowls and glasses kept flying from one side of the kitchen to the other right when the girls would turn around to get them.
“Ouch!” Medea yelled when she made a wrong turn and a potato meant for Andromeda’s frying pan hit her on the forehead. “Silly vegetable!” she said angrily, mixing the icing sugar with the cream cheese.
“Put some ice on it,” Electra suggested as she decorated the pastries with pickled onions and cherry tomatoes. Finishing, she put the pastries on a huge tray and hurried into the hall, where their guests were competing to see who could swallow the biggest piece of pumpkin pie.
“Elvira, more ale!” Finlay shook his empty mug at Electra, who decided not to correct him.
“I’d love some more soup,” said Dougal, putting his emptied bowl on Electra’s tray.
“Loved the pork and the gravy.” And Tavish put another empty plate on the tray. After Electra circled the table, putting the pastries into the guests’ plates, her tray became heavy with empty dishes and mugs.
“Ale and music!” Electra heard behind her back when she tried to get inside the kitchen without dropping the dishes off the tray.
“Medea, they seem to be calling you,” she told her sister while Medea was taking the iced carrot cake out of the fridge.
“Why’s that?” she asked, and began cutting the huge carrot cake.
“They ask for music. Your violin is in the corner. Go, amuse our guests.”
Medea took the cake into the hall, and some time later everyone in the kitchen heard the jaunty music of the fiddler. A second later, clapping and bagpipes joined Medea’s Celtic fiddle. The noise increased; now those in the kitchen heard the Scotsmen singing, laughing out loud, clapping, and hitting their mugs on the table.
“Battle of Harlaw!” someone shouted. In a second, a cheerful music started. One of the Scotsmen began singing, and the rest of the clan members joined him:
 “As I cam' in by Dunideer12
and doon by Nether Ha'
There were fifty thoosand' heilan' men
a-marchin' tae Harlaw.
Wi' a diddy aye o' an' a fal an' doe
And a diddy aye o' aye ay.

“As I gaed on an' farther on
and doon an' by Balquhain
Oh it's there I saw Sir James the Rose
and wi' him John the Graeme.
Wi' a diddy aye o' an' a fal an' doe
And a diddy aye o' aye ay.

“"It's cam' ye fae the Heilan's man,
cam' ye a' the wey?
Saw ye MacDonald and his men
as they cam' in fae Skye?"
Wi' a diddy aye o' an' a fal an' doe
And a diddy aye o' aye ay.”

“Medea saves the day,” Aunt Andromeda said as she replenished the mugs with ale and let Les take them into the hall. She came back with a wide smile on her face. “You have to see that.”
Everyone rushed to the door and peeped into the hall. The McAlister clan, in similar tartan kilts, with auburn hair and beards, in a merry mood that the mugs of ale and beer had caused, were dancing and clapping around the table. Two of the Scotsmen were playing the bagpipes, and Medea was leaping on the table with the violin in her hands. Two young members of the clan, fair-faced and handsome brothers Eoin and Olghar, climbed onto the table and joined Medea’s happy jig, singing:
 “"Oh na, na, my brither bold,
This thing will nivver be
Ye'll tak yer guid sword in yer haun',
ye'll gang in wi' me."
Wi' a diddy aye o' an' a fal an' doe
And a diddy aye o' aye ay.

“Well, it's back tae back the brithers bold
gaed in amangst the thrang
And they drave back the heilan' men
wi' swords baith sharp and lang.
Wi' a diddy aye o' an' a fal an' doe
And a diddy aye o' aye ay.”

The last dishes were hopping on the table along with the dancers. Eoin and Olghar beckoned Tavish McAlister and pulled the short, portly, and clumsy figure on the table. Tavish leaped on the table and sang another verse, trying to hop as agilely as the young brothers, but failed. His foot slipped on spilled beer and he nearly crashed down, but long-bearded Ranald and tall, massive Gillian caught him in time and pushed him back on the table, giving out a roaring guffaw.
Eoin noticed Electra and Cassandra and beckoned them to join the dancing.
“Ladies here!” green-eyed Kenneth yelled to the boys dancing on the table. “Don’t jump too high!”
Eoin and Olghar stretched their arms, grabbed Electra and Cassandra’s hands, and pulled them up on the table.
 “Some rade, some ran and some did gang,
They were o' sma' record
For Forbes and his merry men,
They slew them on the road
Wi' a diddy aye o' an' a fal an' doe
And a diddy aye o' aye ay.

“O' fifty thoosan' Heilan' men,
But fifty-three gaed hame.
And oot o' a' the Lawlan' men,
Fifty marched wi' Graeme,
Wi' a diddy aye o' an' a fal an' doe
And a diddy aye o' aye ay.”
The dancing and singing didn’t end for another two hours. After the guests sang every merry song they knew, danced as much as their legs could, and the rain finally stopped, the McAlister Clan decided it was time to go.
“Thank you for the hospitality, Mr. and Mrs. Fitzroy,” Somerled, the oldest of the clan, was saying. He was standing near the door with Colin and Andromeda by his side whilst the Scotsmen went out the door with ‘farewells’ and ‘thanks’ addressed to the hosts and their family and friends.
“I didn’t want to believe your premonitions but I see now why you are so worried,” Somerled McAlister said. “Something will happen very soon. I can feel it. I can see it. Nature never lies; it feels the upcoming storm and has been warning us all to be ready.”
“I wish we could stop this somehow,” Colin sighed.
“You know you can’t. They will come. I can feel their vile breath already. But you know you might have the chance to stop it for once and for all. Fight back when they come. Fight the way no one has fought before. Destroy them to the very last one, and get rid of the evil.”
“Your words are full of sense, my friend, but you were here thirteen years ago. You saw what happened.”
“I remember that dark night.” The old Scot’s eyes looked down, and a heavy sigh burst out of his chest. “For one and a half centuries I have been walking the Earth, but even another hundred and fifty years will not erase the memories of that one night,” he said, and tapped Colin on the shoulder. “If ever the McAlisters can be of help to your family, you know where to find us,” Somerled said before following his clan. “One call, and we will come and stand by your side. McAlisters don’t forget their friends,” said the old Scot, and his benign eyes smiled beneath the thick, hoary eyebrows.

19. The Silver Key

For the last fifteen minutes Caitlin McCormack had been staring at the roast turkey, trying to make a decision about its fate. Should she send it back into the kitchen to heat it up, or should she wait a little more? It had been getting cold, maybe she needed to heat it up a little? But what if just at that very moment Peter comes to the dining room? He will chide her if the meal is not on the table. But what if it gets cold before he comes for dinner? Then he will be dissatisfied with her. He is always upset when she doesn’t do her duty. “Is it so hard to prepare dinner?” Peter would tell her. “It’s not like you are making a vase from a carnival glass!”
Caitlin didn’t take her eyes off the roast turkey. It was probably cold already, but if she told the maid to warm it up, the meat would become dry and tasteless. Peter hated when that happened. He was so precise; he liked order. Everything should be in order. Caitlin looked at the table. Is everything in order? The saltcellar and the pepper pot should stand together on the right side of the jar with compote. She looked inside the jar. The ice hadn’t melted away. Peter hates when the ice melts away too quickly, as then the compote becomes watery. But without ice the drink is too warm for him. Peter likes to have cold compote. What about the napkins? Yes, they seem to have the correct color and design. Peter hates those colorful napkins. Once Caitlin was inattentive and didn’t notice that the maid had wrapped the napkins into swan figures. Peter became very angry that evening. He doesn’t like it when napkins are turned into figures. “I can’t wipe my mouth with a swan,” he said then. But now the napkins are plain white and in a simple triangular form—the correct form. At the moment, the question was whether to send the roast turkey back to the kitchen or not. It seemed that the whole world now revolved around that turkey. Once again, Caitlin stared at it. Peter knows it is dinnertime. He is probably on his way to the dining room. She wondered what had been keeping Peter in his study for so long. Her thoughts were cut short by her son’s voice.
“Can we start already?” Dickens asked.
“No, dear, we should wait for your father.”
Dickens leaned his chin on his palm and began drumming fingers on the table. The silence lasted almost a minute.
“Shall I go call him?” Dinah asked, bored of waiting. She and Dickens were hungry and wanted to eat, but their mother never started a meal without Peter.
“This is ridiculous,” Dickens said at last. “If he decides to stay in his study the whole evening, are we going to starve?”
“Dickens, patience is a virtue. And we should respect your father.”
“Sure, the way he respects us.”
After another minute of waiting, Dickens got up and left the table. His mother called after him, but he didn’t turn at the sound of her voice. After another minute, Caitlin called the maid and told her to take the turkey to the kitchen and heat it up. Dinah was looking at her mother's insecure behavior and slowly shaking her head. Sometimes she doubted that Caitlin was her mother. They were so different. She was so confident, quick-witted, and smart, and Caitlin so slow, unsure, and tiring.
At last Peter McCormack appeared. Without a word he entered the dining room and sat at the head of the table. Caitlin paled. Why had she sent that turkey to the kitchen? She bit her lip and didn’t dare raise her glance. But Peter said nothing. He sat with an impassive face and looked at the middle of the table. The main meal was missing. His silence was worse than his fury. Caitlin wished he would shout at her, or would throw a plate on the floor and break it; she wished he'd say something, even if those would be words of condemnation, but Peter was silent. That silence was agonizing.
Soon the maid brought the turkey back. As Caitlin had predicted, it had become dry. And the ice in the compote had melted away. They ate in painful silence. Then Peter wiped his mouth with the napkin and left the table in the same silent way. Dinah left too. Alone, Caitlin looked at the remains of the turkey. She had hardly eaten anything. Her throat seemed to have shrunk, and the pieces of food stuck in her gullet. Caitlin sat for so long, until the maid appeared and began cleaning the table. Seeing her, Caitlin stood up abruptly and left the dining room.
Peter had gone back to his study. He had been sitting there since morning, and after dinner returned to the only place where he felt safe: away from his demanding brother Magnus McCormack, who would never lose the chance to remind Peter about his mistakes. Away from De Roy, who considered him weak and spineless. Away from Caitlin, who irritated him with her slavish behavior, and away from Dickens, who looked at him with disgust. Someone knocked at the door. Peter McCormack had no desire to talk to anyone. He sat silently, but the knocks sounded again.
“Father, may I come in?”
It was Dinah.
“Yes, my child, come in,” Peter said. Dinah entered his study, and a faint smile appeared on Peter’s face. She was the only one in the entire world who didn’t irritate him. The only one he was happy to see. Dinah was so different from the other members of his family. Sometimes Peter doubted she was Caitlin’s daughter. Dinah reminded him of someone else—a smart and beautiful girl he once knew and who was gone long ago.
Dinah went to her father’s table and sat down before him.
“You seem worried, my girl, has anything happened?”
“Yes, Father, I have done something and I need your advice.”
Peter sunk deeper into his armchair and looked into Dinah’s fathomless eyes. “Tell me. Do not fear anything.”
“I have done something to fight our enemies, but now I am not sure if it was the correct thing to do.”
“Why do you think it wasn’t the correct thing?”
“I was aiming at them, Father, but now I have realized that others may get hurt, too.”
Peter McCormack leaned his elbows on the table and looked at his daughter. “Any choice is good if it destroys our enemies. There is no battle without loss. If it might cause harm to our enemies and weaken them, then you have done the right thing.”
Those were the words Dinah was longing to hear. She had been looking for justification, and her father reassured her that she had done the right thing. She left her father’s study with a calmer heart, feeling as if a heavy burden had fallen off her shoulders.
Dinah went to her room, on her way reminiscing about the events that had led her to the cave. The idea to open the door of the second cave came to her when she heard bits of conversation between the Council members. One spring evening, the sheriff had called a Council meeting in the McCormack’s house. Dinah remembered well the misty evening when the members of the Council entered the McCormacks’ house. First, her uncle Magnus had arrived. Dinah was sitting on the swing in the yard and looking at the carriages shrouded in mist that carried the members of the Council to their house. Her uncle walked down the path, his face grave and thoughtful, and entered through the doors that the maid had left open by the order of the host. Then Louis Baldric arrived. In the thick mist his corpulent figure resembled a walking barrel, and Dinah tried hard not to laugh at him. But the smile vanished as soon as Dinah saw the silhouette of a woman walking next to Mr. Baldric—his wife Esther. Dressed in black, with a veil over her face, she walked slowly to the doors, her head straight, and poise stately. Five minutes later, Manfred Van Balen arrived. Then Derek Iron and Caspar O’Neal appeared on the tiled path. The last was Sheriff De Roy in the hooded coat, akin to a ghostly shape inside the grey fog, walking in silence, absorbed in thoughts of the darkest nature and spiteful intentions.
Dinah sat on the swing so long that the menacing obscurity around the house aggravated her fears that something vague and ghostlike was lurking in the fog. It could have been the wind that moved the bushes and tree branches, or whatever it was that had scared her mother in the dark, or that thing that had come to life on Halloween night. Dinah hurried inside the house, and in the living room she saw her father, the five Council members, Sheriff De Roy, and Mrs. Baldric. They were sitting on the couch near the window while the McCormacks’ maid served drinks to the guests. Peter saw Dinah standing in the door.
“Go to your room, my child. This is a conversation between the adults.”
Dinah reluctantly obeyed, giving those present a last look. She went upstairs to find her mother in the small lounge. Caitlin was standing by the window, eyeing the tall, grey trees outside, whose branches moved with every touch of the wind that was now blowing passionately and howling wildly.
Dinah looked at her mother’s timid figure and thought about Mrs. Baldric, who was standing in that same pose downstairs near the window. How different these women are, she thought. They both were still, silent, with their backs turned to the rest of the world, but Esther Baldric’s figure was calm, straight, and proud, while Caitlin McCormack was a vague reflection, a piteous, wan figure of frailness.
For some time Dinah silently looked at her mother. Unable to bear the sight of her weak figure, she finally said, “Mrs. Baldric is down there, she’ll be taking part in the meeting. Why won’t you?”
“Your father forbade me to come out of the room,” her mother responded, still looking outside.
“Why?”
“I think he believes that the conversation should be between the men.”
“But I just told you that Mrs. Baldric is down there!”
“Mrs. Baldric is another type of woman.”
Dinah shook her head in astonishment. She stood there for some seconds and at last voiced what she was thinking, “It’s not about Mrs. Baldric; it’s about you being useless. And Father knows that; he feels embarrassed in your presence, because you always say the wrong things.”
Hearing their voices, Dickens approached the doorway. Mrs. McCormack and Dinah turned their heads to him.
“What about you?” Dinah asked. “He sent you away, too?”
“They said no children are allowed at today’s meeting. And I couldn’t care less.”
“Of course you couldn’t, child!” Dinah smirked at her brother. “You never care for anything.” She pushed him aside and left the room. 
Mrs. McCormack sighed and beckoned Dickens to come near. She took his hand and seated him by the window next to her. “Dickens, I want to ask you something, and I want you to promise me you will do as I ask.”
“What is it, Mother?”
“I want you to promise me that whatever your father decides tonight, you will agree with him and will do just as he says.”
Dickens paused for a moment. His hesitation made Mrs. McCormack nervous. She stroked her son's golden hair, which reminded her of herself when she was young and careless.
“Please,” she said. “Promise you will always do what he says, and will support him in his difficult task of overcoming the witches and banishing them.”
Dickens bowed his head. For some seconds he said nothing, then, “I promise.”
“But Dickens, you must mean it. You are giving me a promise which you should never break.” She stopped talking and looked out the window. “There was a fellow,” she said. “He, too, once made such promise. I was staying in their house that night. I overheard him talk to his mother. He made the same promise, but when the time came he refused to fulfil it. He broke his mother’s heart.”
“Who was that fellow?”
Caitlin McCormack didn’t answer at once. Her eyes rested on her son’s beautiful face. She saw the child he once was, who had grown into a young man with a heart poisoned by the menacing stories about the witches’ cunning deeds and the necessity of their banishment, even annihilation. She had fed her son with the same hatred that reigned over her heart, unaware that the envy and cruelty that she had passed on to her children had made their hearts bitter, angry, and cruel. “His name is Colin Fitzroy.”
Dickens looked into his mother’s eyes. “I am no Colin Fitzroy,” he said with confidence. “I will keep my promise.”
Caitlin McCormack sighed with relief.
While the mother and son talked, after losing interest in the conversation on which she had been eavesdropping behind the door, Dinah went downstairs and carefully approached the door behind which the meeting was taking place. Curiosity was torturing her, and she longed to know what was going on behind the closed doors, and why the elders couldn’t wait until the morning to have the Council meeting in the Town Hall, where they usually took place. It must be something urgent if all those people had gathered in her family’s living room.
“What if we publicly declare that we consider the witch dangerous and arrest her along with her whole family?” someone said. Dinah couldn’t recognize the voice. It was either Mr. O’Neal or Mr. Baldric.
“And how shall we prove it?” another voice said.
“Strange things had been happening in the town. One even occurred with Peter’s wife.”
“No, Derek, it’s not enough. Whatever it was, it is over now. Nothing of the kind has happened in the last months, and if we arrest the witch without any evidence, the West Bank will immediately stand on their side. ”
“Then what do you suggest?”
“We need help. We can’t overcome the witches by ourselves. You all know that we need them. If we have them back in town, they will help us to banish the witches.”
That was Peter McCormack’s voice, Dinah could always recognize it. Soon she heard the words that put the start to all the mischief.
“What if we open the cave door?” another male voice suggested.
Then there was silence. No one spoke for almost a minute.
“I don’t think that is a good idea,” another voice uttered slowly. She recognized him—it was Sheriff De Roy. No one spoke after his words. Everyone was probably attentively looking at the man who had called the meeting and who knew everything the best. The sheriff continued, “Whatever comes out of the cave might hurt the ones on the East Bank as well. We can’t take that risk.”
“Still,” Peter said, “I like the idea about the cave. I still have the key; it is in the same place we left it last time, in my library, inside the book. I can go there myself. I’m not afraid to enter the cave and open the door. Whatever comes out of the cave will throw the town into disarray. And maybe our saviors will be back sooner than we expect.”
“The sheriff is right; whatever comes out of the cave may help us, but at the same time may hurt us. We had better wait a little bit more. I believe the Hunters might be back. We only need to plant a seed of anger and stand aside. That seed will grow into the disarray we need. The more we make the folks argue with each other, the sooner they will be back. We must use any opportunity to bring the arrival of the Hunters closer. Arguments, mistrust, and frays seem to beckon them like a magnet.”
When Dinah heard footsteps nearby, she tiptoed to the stairs and hid underneath. It was the maid pacing to the door of the living room with a cup of coffee in her hands and a disgruntled expression over her face. She entered the room and headed straight to Mrs. Baldric, who was sitting on a chair with a high back. Her face was covered with the black, translucent veil she had been wearing outside since her eldest son died fourteen years before. After his death, Esther Baldric dressed only in black and never wore any jewelry, for its shine could distract her from the grief, and always covered her face with a veil whenever she left her home.
“Your coffee, Ma’am.”
The maid stretched the hand that carried the saucer and cup with coffee she had made specifically for Mrs. Baldric—for the second time.
“Is it freshly made?”
“Yes, Ma’am.”
“No sugar?”
“Yes, Ma’am.”
“Two spoons of milk?”
“Yes, Ma’am.”
Without looking at the maid, Mrs. Baldric raised her hand and touched the cup. “It is cold. I want it warmer.”
The maid left the living room. When she passed by the stairway, Dinah could hear her cursing under her breath. Dinah went back to the door. The men were now discussing the weather, sharing a hope that it would begin changing, which was the first sign of the return of the Hunters.
“I remember what this place looked like thirteen years ago: it was a hell full of evil, witches, and wizards,” said the only female voice in the living room. That voice was low, balanced, with a scary calmness that is so often possessed by a merciless person. “What a place this was! Weird creatures, elves, dwarves. Sorcerers, stupid mechanics, crazy stargazers. I hated the town; I rarely left the house. Then we were at last saved by those merciful creatures so unfairly called Dark Hunters. Dark? No, they are the quintessence of the light; they saved us, saved us from the weirdness, from the evil, from witchcraft. Sadly, not before the witch poisoned my son. And sadly, they were not able to extirpate all the witches. Their remains were spared, and the Hunters’ work was left unfinished. Now we need to at last finish what we all started thirteen years ago.”
“What do you suggest, Esther?”
Dinah heard footsteps again. It might have been the maid with another cup of coffee. This time Dinah didn’t hide under the stairs, but hurried upstairs, to her room, having in mind what she was going to do soon.
Late at night, when the meeting was over, Dinah sneaked into her father’s library and began searching within the books. She carefully took each book, opened it, thumbed through it, and put it back. She then remembered about the shelf on the very top, which was always kept closed. Years ago Peter had forbidden them to touch the books inside the shelf, because, as he said, they were old and valuable. Neither Dinah nor Dickens ever opened the shelf, as the books were of no interest to them—they were thick, ancient, and in foreign languages. But tonight Dinah was going to disrespect her father’s ban for the first time in her life and open the shelf. Inside were nine or ten books. She began from the right, took a book, opened it, and looked inside. The sixth book had a surprise for her: the inside of the book had been cut into a square hole and a big silver key rested there. Dinah looked at the door of the library, listened attentively, and not hearing a sound, took the key out of the book. The key, adorned with patterns, was heavy and cold. For some reason it made her body tremble. Dinah took the key, then placed the book back into its place. She put the key under her pillow, and spent the night meditating over what could happen if she opened the door of the cave. She fell asleep squeezing the key under the pillow with her fingers. Her mind was made up, and she knew what she had to do.
Dinah went to the cave early in the morning. She knew if she hesitated or postponed, she might change her mind or be a coward. The cave was dark, gloomy, and deep. Inside, it was damp and chilly. As a child, she and her friends had played a lot near the cave, sometimes even entered it during a game of hide-and-seek, but never had any of them gone so deep into the dark. The dim light of her lantern didn’t help to drive away the fear, but Dinah was determined to find out what kind of door was hidden in the cave. And she couldn’t wait to open it, being sure it might cause much harm to the witches. 
Dinah walked slowly and carefully. Though she didn’t see under her feet due to the reigning obscurity, she could feel the shallow water and the damp earth. Sometimes Dinah would shriek in fear when a creature in the dark, probably a grey bat, would fly over her head, flipping its wings, and her shriek would echo in the endless passages of the ghastly cave. She tried not to touch the walls and not to look at them, for the illuminated bedrocks would disclose disgusting creatures akin to spiders with black, shiny shells and long, creepy limbs. Dinah’s body shivered at their sight. Sometimes she wished she were blind, and would continue making her way through the cave merely by using her senses of hearing and touch rather than witnessing all the malevolent life forms that inhabited the depths of the cave. But still she didn’t turn off the light, and held the lantern before her eyes. She also didn’t turn around, for she knew that the entrance had been left far behind and the absence of the small spot of light that was the entrance of the cave might drive her into a panic and make her lose her way, especially when the small, glittering lights in the dark distance were so enchanting.
Trembling, breathing unevenly, she finally reached the door of the second cave and stood a few feet away from it. The door, a tall, iron panel, was illuminated by dim light that was falling down from the cracks above. Dinah looked up. Her gasp again echoed in the cave, and she heard bats flying over her head. Dinah knew she should stay calm and silent in the cave, but she couldn’t help gasping when she saw the sculpture above the iron door: a huge stone face so appalling that it left no more doubts about the horrors lurking behind it. It was a silent onlooker of the fear that possessed anyone who dared stand before its menacing appearance. The image was old, not a century old, but more ancient, with the traces of all the millennia it had spent in the silence of the cave.
Dinah forced herself to take a step. She was closer to the door now and saw the runes that were engraved not only on the tall, narrow door, but also on the walls around it. She didn’t know what they meant, but was sure they could not carry a good message, for this was the door with the horrors behind it, in the cave where, as the legends told, witches and other evils used to hide from just punishment.
Dinah took the key out of her pocket and put it inside the keyhole in the middle of the door. For almost a minute she couldn’t turn the key. She wasn’t sure that nothing would jump at her if she opened the door. What if a menacing creature was standing there, right behind the iron, waiting for her?
“You have to do this,” she whispered. “Do it and get rid of them.”
She turned the key and waited.
Nothing happened. There was no sound from either side of the door. Taking a deep breath, Dinah pulled the handle and opened the door. The black emptiness behind it was terrifying. A sudden wail chilled her blood, and when a cold wind blew right into her face, Dinah jumped back and shut the door. She stretched her hand to the key still in the keyhole then took it out without locking the door, and ran away as fast as she could.


20. Treehouse Memories

The next morning, Jack and his sisters, along with Hector, Eric, and Ariadne, were sitting on the pool of the bronze fountain in the square and looking inside it. None of them had ever seen the fountain working; they never remembered seeing water inside its pool. Instead, it was full of fallen leaves, dust, and petals.
“The key got caught on the whistler’s statue,” Electra thought aloud while examining the man-sized figure of the whistler with long pointy shoes and a medieval beret on his head. “What could it have gotten caught on? Maybe on his flute?” she voiced, touching the hands of the whistler, which he was holding in front of his face. “His flute is gone. I wonder who has taken it.”
Evincing the same interest, Cassandra and Medea were examining the statue of a lady in 19th century clothing. She was wearing a long dress and had earrings and a short necklace, while her hair was collected into a high hairdo. Cassandra was staring at the lifeless eyes of the statue, wondering how many years the lady had been standing there on the square, or if she knew and could somehow tell the answer to the riddle, but the lady continued to look silently into the distance with frozen eyes made of bronze.
Ariadne was attentively looking at the last figure, a little boy in a nightgown and slippers, with a candleholder in his hands. The boy was short, probably eight or nine years old. His slippers were a size or two bigger, and his face, though made of bronze, still carried an expression of curiosity and mischievousness.
“Jack, did your mother say anything?” Hector asked his friend. “Maybe she knows something that we don’t?”
“Of course she does. But she won’t tell me. As if you don’t know our parents. They always hide everything and try to solve the problems themselves. She only told me to keep the window of my bedroom closed, and to tell my friends to do the same. Yesterday I saw a dozen keys on the table in my father’s study. When I asked him what they were for, he did not even answer me.”
“Keys?” Eric asked. “Do you think—?”
“Yes, I do,” Jack didn’t let him finish. “They know about the cave, they know it has been opened, and they are looking for the key to lock the door.”
“Maybe we need to enter the cave?” Medea suggested.
“Why?” Jack asked. “What shall we do there without the key? If it is indeed inhabited by bloodthirsty creatures, why would we endanger ourselves if we have no way to lock the door? We shall enter the cave only when we find the key, so search more thoroughly.”
“Search more thoroughly,” Medea snorted. “We already examined every inch of this stupid fountain. There is no key.”
“Are there any other fountains in Hollow?” Eric asked.
“Plenty on the West Bank, but they are very small,” Hector said.
“And the book mentioned specifically the fountain in the square,” Cassandra added.
“We are missing something,” Electra said. “There has to be something that has slipped our attention.”
“Maybe we need to dig under the fountain?”
“Oh, Medea, how are you going to dig under the fountain on the square?” her brother asked, though he considered her words reasonable enough, and turned his gaze to the fountain’s base. He didn’t find anything—no key, no hidden safe, and no clue. “Alright, my friends, this will be our homework for the next days or weeks or even months. I don’t know how much time we shall need, but we have to solve this riddle. We need to find the key and lock that door. Search everywhere you can. Ask anyone you can, but don’t forget about caution. Read any book that may shed some light. Do anything you want, but solve the riddle.”

~ * ~

Dr. Robinson entered the Town Hall. At the doors he met Mr. Frick, who seemed upset and displeased with something. The conductor was so absorbed in his thoughts that he didn’t even notice Mr. Robinson though the latter stood at the door, hoping to greet him. Murmuring something under his breath, Mr. Frick left the Town Hall.
Dr. Robinson showed the Hall’s employee a letter of appointment he had received from the mayor and was led to Kynaston Daley’s office. Dr. Robinson had vague doubts why he had been called to the Town Hall, but he didn’t expect to meet some of the members of the Council there. The mayor greeted Dr. Robinson and asked him to have a seat. The veterinarian seated himself right before Magnus McCormack, Louis Baldric, and Caspar O’Neal.
“Dr. Robinson, I suppose you know why I have called you here,” the mayor said, lighting up his pipe. The doctor replied that he didn’t know, although he was already aware of the reason behind the call. The gloomy faces of the Council members spoke for themselves.
“Dr. Robinson, we are very pleased with the work you do, we are very happy that you take such good care of our animals, but Dr. Robinson, why would you show such disrespect to the townspeople?”
“Mr. Daley, which of my actions has made you believe that I disrespect this town and its habitants?”
The mayor sank deeper into his leather armchair and blew out a thin trail of smoke. He then glanced at the Council members. “Dr. Robinson, why is a witch working in your hospital?”
“A witch?” Dr. Robinson said with a feigned composure. “I am not aware of any witch that works with me. There are two young people who help me on a free basis.”
The mayor sighed and looked straight into the doctor’s eyes. “Dr. Robinson, I, in the name of the town, and those gentlemen, in the name of the Council, ask you to not communicate with anyone from the family of witches.”
Dr. Robinson wanted to say something, but the mayor stopped him, raising his hand. “We are asking, still only asking, but we might not always be so indulgent when the rules and laws are neglected so violently.”
“Mr. Daley, I am not sure I understand you. What rules and laws have I neglected? Am I not taking proper care of the animals? Am I overpricing the services I offer? Am I causing any damage?”
Kynаston Daley blew another grey trail of smoke, causing the veterinarian to sneeze. “Dr. Robinson, what is the reason for going round and round and round? You understood well that neither the Council nor I like that a witch works in the clinic. We have all the reason to worry. We demand that you stop letting that girl inside your clinic.”
“That is impossible!” Dr. Robinson exclaimed. “I need her help. When my wife was alive and well, we didn’t need assistants, but now I am alone and older; I need assistants!”
“Find others!” said Magnus McCormack.
“Where shall I find them?” the veterinarian asked with genuine surprise. “I can’t go outside and take the first one into the clinic.”
“I can send my daughter Marion to help you,” Mr. O’Neal said. 
“What are her skills? Does she know anything about medicine?”
“Do they know?” Caspar O’Neal asked, disgruntled.
“Yes,” Dr. Robinson’s voice sounded angry and annoyed. “Yes, they do! Eric had been interning for some time before he came to the clinic—still better than nothing; and Cassandra—” Dr. Robinson stopped.
“Why did you stop?” Magnus McCormack demanded, raising his foot and resting his ankle on his other knee. “Go on. Say it! Say that she talks to animals!”
“She does. As much as I.”
“Are you mocking us?” Mr. O’Neal asked.
“I am not mocking anyone. I, too, talk to animals when I cure them. That’s how we work—we talk to them, try to pacify them, caress them—”
“That’s enough,” the mayor said with irritation. “You are constantly trying to change the subject. We are giving you one week.”
Dr. Robinson shook his head. “No, Mr. Daley, she is a valuable assistant. The animals calm down when they hear her voice. She is not harmful—”
“Stop it!” the mayor yelled, and hit his pipe on the table. The ash fell from the pipe onto the surface of the rich mahogany desk. “I was hoping you were not as stubborn as the conductor. Do not disappoint me, doctor. You are doing a good job, but your status of a veterinarian doesn’t give you immunity. One week.”
Dr. Robinson abruptly stood up and headed to the door. He didn’t say goodbye. He didn’t even look back at those present in the office. Dr. Robinson went to the door, murmuring under his breath as angrily as Mr. Frick had been doing before him.

~ * ~

In the afternoon, when Jack was sitting alone in his room and reading a book about lamias near the window, he noticed a female figure passing across the glen not far from their gates. Jack couldn’t see her face from such a distance, but he distinguished her golden hair on the background of her blue dress. She was heading to the forest. The path that she had taken seemed strange to Jack, as whenever Ariadne went to the forest she carried her wicker basket to hold the leaves and flowers, but the girl’s hands were empty.
The truth was that it was not Ariadne, but Eleanora. She was going to a place where she hadn’t been for years, but which she used to visit so frequently when dreaming at night. She reached the familiar treehouse and stood before it. The house hadn’t changed. Maybe it looked slightly darker than it used to be on the first day, but it was still the same house where she and Jack used to spend time together. It still had the same stairs, the wooden bridge, the door, and the round window.
Eleanora stood silently, absorbed in her thoughts, her eyes fixed on the house. She was so engrossed in her memories that she didn’t hear the footsteps behind her.
“Hello, Elora,” someone said.
That voice was familiar, and only she knew how much she had missed it.
“Hello, Jack,” she said. Her voice sounded sorrowful. Eleanora glanced at him, not knowing what else to say. He was standing right next to her and looking at the house. She hadn’t seen him so close for a while, and tried hard not to stare at him and at those grey eyes she had missed.
Jack didn’t say anything more. He stood in silence, and that silence made her feel awkward; she hoped that Jack would start a conversation, but he was silent. She was beginning to think he was enjoying her embarrassment, when Jack finally spoke.
“How are you doing?”
“I am fine, Jack,” Eleanora said in the same low voice. “And you? How are you?”
“Marvelous.”
There was something strange in his tone. It sounded intentionally pretentious. They stood in silence another minute. Eleanora was not able to bear the silence anymore and forced herself to speak. 
“Jack, I … you know … I wanted to say…” She seemed to have lost the ability to construct a full sentence. Nothing proper came to mind; all her thoughts were mingling inside her head, and she could not concentrate on any of them. “I am glad that you are well,” she uttered at last, though it was absolutely not what she was trying to say.
“Oh, please, Elora,” Jack looked at her. “As if you care.”
What was that she saw in his eyes? Sorrow? Hatred? Regret, maybe? “But … I do. I care … always did.”
Jack smirked and nodded. “Sure you did.”
“Oh, Jack, don’t be so heartless. You know I did. I … still do. I miss you. Very much. Everyday.”
“Why are you saying that?”
“Because it is true.”
“Why have you come here?”
“I told you already. I miss the old days. I missed this house. I missed you.”
“I don’t think you need to be here. It’s not safe, you know. You better leave at once.”
“You are too cruel with me, Jack.”
“Am I? More cruel than you?”
“I—” her face burnt with shame. “I am sorry.” 
Jack looked at Eleanora. Her eyes were glistening with tears, and she bowed her head to hide her tears from him. “I was only a child,” she whispered.
“You still are,” he said. “If you think that saying sorry will change anything, then you are indeed still a little child.”
“Why shouldn’t it change? Have you become so heartless to be unable to forgive when one is asking for that? What has happened to you? You never were so cruel.”
“I had good teachers,” he said. “Teachers who taught me to betray friends, to stomp on them, to turn my back on them when they need me the most. To—” he went quiet for a moment, then added, “To break their hearts.”
“I was only a child.” Now she was crying and trying to control her shaking voice. “I could not disobey my father. But he seems to have changed his mind. Eric is a friend of yours, and I can see that if last year Father was disgruntled, now he has softened.”
“Is that why you have come here? Because your father has softened? What if he changes his mind again? What if another Council meeting happens? Will you again call me a warlock and say that I am dangerous to your well-being?”
Eleanora flushed. Jack had thrown into her face the remarks she had made once. It was painful.
“I never meant the words I said then.”
“Please, Elora, leave this place.”
“I miss being called by that name,” she said.
Jack didn’t say anything. He had turned his head and was looking into the distance, at the lush trees and the darkness behind them.
“Is this because of that girl who is always with you? Ariadne, right?”
“She has nothing to do with this.”
“But you care for her, don’t you?”
“Yes,” he said, “I do.”
His words hit her heart like hot lashes, but Eleanora tried to control herself and said as calmly as possible, “If I could turn back the time, I would have never hurt you. I would have never said those words, but I was silly. I was young and said stupid things. I don’t even know why I said them. I think I only wanted to please my father. I hated myself for blaming you and your family, and I am sorry for saying those ugly things. If only I could turn back the time.”
“But you can’t,” Jack said. “No one can. We can’t take back what we say. That is why we should be careful when picking the words. We can’t unsay them.”
Jack left. Soon Eleanora left too. She went home, upset and tearful, and when she reached her house her mood could not have been any worse. Henry ran up to her, asking her to play hide-and-seek with him, but she refused him angrily and entered the living room. Albert was sitting in his armchair, reading the newspaper. Riona had settled near the window, sewing a tablecloth.
“Where have you been, girl?” Albert asked. “You have been gone since morning.”
Without answering, Eleanora headed to the stairs and was on her way to the second floor when her father repeated his question.
“It’s all your fault!” she yelled suddenly. “And I hate you for that! I hate you all!”
She ran upstairs, leaving her parents in bewilderment. Riona looked after her daughter then turned to Albert, but he only shook his head, meaning that he didn’t know the reason behind Eleanora’s anger. Riona left the threads and needles on the table and went after Eleanora, but she didn’t open the door no matter how many times her mother knocked. She didn’t want to see anybody, and burying her head in her pillow, she cried until evening.
21. A Flight on a Broom

“Cassandra told us that yesterday you found traps in the forest,” Electra said when she and Eric were walking down the cobbled alley after meeting at the Old Curiosity Shop.
“Yes, at the south edge of the forest poachers put a lot of traps. Yesterday, Cass and I found a few and marred them. The poachers hide them so well; I’m afraid we might get into a trap if we’re not careful enough.”
“Oh, please be careful,” Electra pleaded. “And take care of my little sister.”
“Of course I will.” Eric hugged her by her waist and kissed her temple.
“Isn’t it an interesting coincidence that you two have found a similar interest in animals and medicine?”
Eric didn’t answer her, for at that moment they came upon the Candy shop and the magnificent smell reached them through the half-open door.
“I’d kill for a piece of strawberry cake,” Eric said, and holding Electra by the hand, climbed the five wide stairs and entered the shop.
The confectioner's wife, Mrs. Rose McKennit, with a smile on her face invited them inside. Rosy-cheeked and good-natured Mrs. Rose began telling about the ingredients of the muffins and cakes, how much cream was in the éclairs, how juicy were the blackberries that they had put in the fruitcake, how delicious the cake had turned out, and how many layers of chocolate were in the strawberry-chocolate cake. Multi-colored cakes with chocolate frosting, cherries, and marzipan lured the customers in with their sweet aroma, which befuddled and aroused the appetite. From the half-open door of the kitchen, the odor of freshly baked muffins was spreading into the shop.
“We have come for a strawberry cake, Mrs. Rose,” Electra said, looking at the cakes under the glass stand.
“Oh, I have a delicious cake to offer you,” the baker said with enthusiasm. “Absolutely fresh and oh-so-tasty.”
Eric’s phone rang. He took it out of the pocket of his jeans and looked at the screen. “It’s my mom, I have to answer,” he told Electra, and went to the doors. “I’ll talk and be back in a moment.”
Eric went outside while Electra continued looking at the delicious desserts and choosing the best ones for them.
Eric came out of the Candy shop and walked a few steps while he talked to his mother, who was thoroughly inquiring about his health, if he was having a good time in Hollow, and if he wasn’t giving their relatives a hard time. Henry came in sight, chasing a small terrier. The little dog ran to Eric's feet. Bidding goodbye to his mother, he bent down and picked up the terrier.
“Henry, stop scaring the poor animal,” Eric said, handing him the dog.
“I’m not scaring him. We are playing,” the boy answered.
“That’s right, Eric, tell him to stop torturing Hercules.” Eleanora approached her cousin. “He keeps pulling the dog by its tail.”
“Is that true?” Eric looked down at Henry. The boy had nothing to say in his defense, and seeing his cousin’s stern glance on him, promised to never do that again. Eric was a brother figure to him, and the boy rarely dared oppose his elder cousin. Hercules escaped Henry’s grip and ran into the house. The boy ran after the dog.
“We were visiting Grandmother Margaret,” Eleanora said, looking after her brother, who ran into their grandparent’s apartment on the third floor of the Candy shop. “It’s time to go, but Henry hasn’t played enough with Hercules yet.” Eleanora looked up into the darkening sky. “I think we better hurry. I didn’t bring an umbrella with me.”
Eric looked up, too. “You think it will rain today?”
“I wish it wouldn’t, but these dark clouds seem to have a present for us,” Eleanora said, then looked up at the window, where Mrs. Margaret Wilson, a grey-haired woman in her sixties, was sitting and glancing into the street. “Grandma, tell him to come down. It’s time to go.”
“I’d come with you, but I want to buy something from the Candy shop,” Eric told her.
“Then you should hurry. Thomas and his company entered the shop five minutes ago and still haven’t come out. They may not leave anything for you,” Eleanora jested, and seeing Eric’s worried face, couldn’t understand why her joke had such an effect on him.
“Thomas? In the Candy shop?” Eric turned around.
“Well, yes, Thomas, Ned, and Tim,” Eleanora said, but Eric was already rushing up the wide stairs.
Eleanora was telling the truth. A few seconds after Eric had left, Thomas Baldric, his brother Edward, and Tim Van Balen entered the Candy shop.
“This pie has the freshest raspberry, and those rolls are absolutely delicious,” Mrs. McKennit was telling Electra when they smelled something burning in the kitchen. “The donuts!” Mrs. Rose exclaimed. “I had forgotten about them. Duncan is unwell and has left me alone today. Oh dear, my donuts,” she said, hurrying to the half-open kitchen door. “Electra, dear, please keep an eye on the cakes, and tell me if a customer comes. Oh, my poor donuts.”
Mrs. McKennit entered the kitchen and shut the door, leaving Electra alone in the shop. She bent down and was smelling the raspberry rolls when someone spoke behind her back, “Just don’t touch them; you may spoil them with your stench.”
Electra turned around only to see the three young Easterners staring at her. Thomas stepped towards her, saying, “So many times we tell you not to show up here, but you keep ignoring us, as if something is wrong with your sense of hearing.”
“Could it be that they are deaf?” Edward said, approaching Electra from the left. She tried to get out of the circle, but Tim blocked her way. Electra retreated back.
“Is it so?” Tim asked. “Are you deaf, witch?”
Electra said nothing. She kept quiet and stared back at the malicious faces.
“Even the scent of those fine cakes can’t fight back your stink, witch,” Thomas said. Electra was now leaning against the stand with cakes. She had no more space to retreat, and Thomas was coming closer.
“What is it? Do I sense fear?” Thomas asked, looking at her. “You’re not so brave when alone, right? That’s how we shall crush you, one by one, when you are alone, helpless, and weak.” Thomas leaned over Electra’s face; she could feel his heavy breathing on her neck, and was pressing her lips together to stop herself from hurting him. She knew she shouldn’t harm them, and she should definitely not perform witchcraft in front of them. Electra made a desperate attempt to escape the boys, but Thomas abruptly pushed her back. “I’m not done with you yet!”
She hit her back on the stand. The fellows pressed closer from all sides and chuckled.
“Such a miserable sight,” Thomas said, “like a butterfly caught in a trap. And now I am going to pull out its wings. Such sad eyes, filling with tears, but those tears can’t move me. I have no sympathy for the witches.” He gripped Electra’s neck with his fingers. “Your family killed my brother! No sympathy for you!”
Electra mechanically searched for something helpful with her hand, and grabbing a piece of cake, spread it over Thomas’ face. The latter loosened his grip and swept the remnants of the cake from his face.
“Witch!” he hissed.
Tim and Edward chuckled again.
“Those witches keep mocking you, Tommy,” his brother said, laughing into Thomas’ face. “How does the cake taste, by the way?”
“Shut up!” Thomas told him, and turned to Electra. “You worthless, confounded witch! You think you are so witty?” He raised his palm to slap her, when someone grabbed his hand, pinioned the arm and squeezing Thomas’ neck, dipped his face into a big cake nearby. When Tim tried to pounce on Eric, he released Thomas for a split second and gave Tim such a strong push that the latter fell into the corner. Eric then resumed his grip on Thomas' neck. The bully was now kneeling in front of a glass stand, his face smashed into the cake.
“Eddie, behave!” Eric told Edward when the young boy went to hit him. As Eric was older and taller, Edward retreated back and reached out to Tim, who stood up and looked at Eric and Thomas.
“How brave you appear to be,” Eric said, still holding Thomas by the neck. “Three guys against one girl. Unbelievable!”
Thomas tried to squirm out from the grip, but Eric only squeezed his neck harder. “What are you saying?” he asked sarcastically. “Sorry, I can’t hear you, speak louder,” Eric said, dipping Thomas’ face deeper into the cake. “Did he hurt you?” he asked Electra, who hastily shook her head.
“Please, let him go,” she begged. She was afraid that Eric might hurt Thomas and get in trouble. Tim and Edward continued to stand in the corner and look at Thomas and Eric. Edward whispered to Tim to help Thomas but Tim had no wish to enter a fray—he was afraid they would break something, and his father would have to pay for it later.
“Did you hear that?” Eric said, leaning towards Thomas. “The witch is asking me to let you go.” He raised Thomas’ face over the smashed cake. “This witch is asking me to let you go. Should I do as she says?”
Mrs. McKennit came out of the door and stared in bewilderment at the scene with four boys and a smashed cake. She then quickly returned to the kitchen and came back with an oven fork in her hands. “Get out of the shop,” she said angrily, “otherwise I will call the officers.”
Eric let go of Thomas, who rose to his feet and looked around, his face covered in cake.
“Right,” he said. “Call the officers, fatty; we have culprits to arrest—the witch and her bodyguard.”
“I said get out!” Mrs. Rose said, coming closer and raising the oven fork.
“Be careful, O’Brian,” Thomas said, standing outside the door. “And watch your back.”
Eric didn’t say anything. He watched them until Thomas and his company left the shop, then turned to Electra. “Are you alright?”
She nodded.
“What happened here?” the baker asked, looking at the youngsters.
“I’m sorry, Mrs. McKennit,” Eric said. “I’ll pay for the cake.”
Mrs. McKennit lowered the oven fork and sighed. “Did it happen again?” she asked Electra. “They threatened you?”
Electra bowed her head. Eric put his hand around her shoulder and whispered something into her ear.
“My dear child, I am sorry that you were insulted again,” the baker said.
“No big deal,” Electra said. “But I spoiled a piece of cake. I will pay for that.”
“Oh, stop it, child,” Mrs. Rose waved her hand. “That haughty boy deserved it. This was his cake day,” she said, and laughed heartily, handing Eric and Electra napkins to wipe their hands. “The Baldrics’ offspring are so arrogant and unbearable. Esther and Louis should have been paying more attention to their children’s demeanor. They are absolutely unsupportable,” Mrs. Rose snorted, and went back behind the stand. “You wanted a strawberry cake, didn’t you?” she asked Eric and Electra, and seeing the admiring glance the girl was bestowing upon the young man, smiled under her breath.
“That’s right, we had come for a cake,” Eric smiled.
They waited until the rain stopped and left the Candy shop. A few days ago Electra had made a promise to Eric, and now they were heading to the treehouse, where she would fulfil his request and give him a flying lesson. In the morning, Electra had already left two brooms in the treehouse. She took one, told Eric to take the second, and they passed the rope bridge, reaching the round landing on the opposite tree.
“In fact, it’s not very hard,” Electra said, and saddled the broom. Eric was expecting her to fall down once she raised her feet, but, strangely, she stayed in the air, sitting on the broom. Eric did the same, sat on the saddle, and crashed down on the landing. Electra giggled.
“Look here.” Her broom rose in the air a few feet and stopped in front of Eric’s eyes. “You need to relax, just like in the water. You can’t swim with a tensed body.” She slightly pulled up the end of the broom and flew higher. Now she was above Eric’s head, dangling her feet in the air.
“I don’t think I can do that,” Eric said without taking his eyes off her. “This is so … amazing.”
Electra spun around the tree and returned to the same spot. “Oh, it’s not really hard. Concentrate, relax, and fly!” she laughed.
Eric tried again, and again he fell down. “No, I can’t do this. There must be something wrong with me. Guess I am too untalented for witchcraft.”
“Nonsense!” Electra reached out to him. “Sit behind me. We’ll have a short flight.”
Eric promptly jumped on Electra’s broom. He wrapped his arms around her waist and waited with anticipation for an unbelievable flight on the broom.
“Ready?” she asked.
“Go!” Eric yelled.
The broom flew up and through the branches of the forest trees. It was a strange feeling. Eric felt as if he was on a carousel and simultaneously riding a horse. The flight on the broom greatly reminded him of riding—in both cases he had to hold his balance and keep his back straight, but whereas the horse hit the hoofs against the ground, the broom spun in the air above the ground, and that feeling was hitherto unknown. How strange it was not to feel the solid ground, but instead to stay in the air and to feel the wind hitting the face.
“Let’s go faster,” Electra said. “Hold on.”
Eric held her tighter, and the broom increased its speed. It was also going higher, and as the time was getting late and the sky had darkened, Electra didn’t think their flight would be visible. She took the broom higher, and through the branches and the leafage they made their way into the sky. The broom and its two riders swept over the forest trees, their feet touching peaks of the pines. Eric looked down at the dark forest. What a sight it was—long, endless, dense; with tall trees and narrow passages in-between, and animals walking on the ground, resembling dark dots. Eric saw the familiar lights sparkling and disappearing in the thick of the woods. And though they were riding fast, Eric could swear he saw tall wooden constructions on the highest, thickest trees. They resembled treehouses but were taller, with sharp roofs and long, narrow stairs.
Eric turned around. They had left the town far behind, and the dark forest seemed endless. It was infinite. Now they were so high above the woodland that Eric's head spun around. He looked at his sides and saw nothing but the dark sky and the bright stars. He was there, among those shiny gems, so close to them and yet so far away. Their glitter taunted him and called him higher, into the boundless sky, to the round-faced moon. The scene reminded Eric of the day he had climbed up the roof in his hometown and looked at the sky, standing on the top of a thirty-story skyscraper. He had had almost the same feeling then: so close to the stars. And as big was the black sky above his head. But now he wasn’t just looking into the sky, he was inside it, among the clouds, above the earth, so high, so free, and riding fast through the vault of heaven.
An ivory crow cawed nearby. Eric and Electra turned to the right and saw the bird flying next to them, sometimes appearing in front of the broom and cawing.
“It’s Morrigan,” Electra said. “She wants us to go down.”
“Shall we do as she says?”
“No!” Electra yelled.
The wind was hitting their faces, and the stars above were shimmering brightly, winking to them with their glitter. Electra lowered the edge of the broom and they dashed down, where instead of the forest, black water spread into the horizon. They descended so much that Eric’s sneakers touched the surface of the sea. He bent down, still holding onto Electra with his other hand, and touched the water. He saw their dark reflection hastily moving on the surface of the sea. The moon, silver and enormous, was hanging over the black water, and its glimmering ray had formed a long, shining line on the surface, across which the broom was flying. The speed slowly decreased, and the riders stopped in the middle of the sea.
“I have never seen anything more beautiful,” Eric said about the great disc of the moon shining in the horizon, and the foamy waves which arose somewhere in the distance and passed under his feet. There was no other sound except the voices of the waves and the wind mingling with each other.
A sudden shiver ran through Eric’s body. The scene was mesmerizing but frightening at the same time. He was sitting on a flying broom, above the endless sea whose waves were shining under the moonlight, and the blackness of the water under his feet was daunting, terrifying. His heart squeezed in fear when he looked down into the water. How much it resembled an abyss. Eric stared into the darkness, then raised his eyes to the giant silver orb. It was so big and so close that he could even see the craters on the surface of the moon. A grey fog began to curl in the horizon. It slowly moved forward, into the center, covering the sea with thick, vaporous smoke. The moon disappeared in a misty gaol, and the fog spread all over the ghostly waves.
“So quiet,” Eric whispered.
“Are you scared?”
“I’d say I am, but my pride won’t allow me to,” Eric joked, hugging Electra and resting his chin on her shoulder.
The curls of the mist reached them and, whirling under their feet, gradually rose up, enshrouding them inside.
“What if in the mist we lose our way back?” Eric asked.
“We shall fly high above the fog,” the witch said, and rode the broom up into the sky..


22. Tarot Session

Early in the morning, the three witches, along with their Aunt, were collecting herbs in the field near the forest’s edge. Each of them had a wicker basket hanging on their folded arms, and as the morning wasn’t gloomy, they all were in good moods, especially the young girls, who were singing aloud to make the pastime enjoyable. 
“As I was walking all alane13,
I heard twa corbies making a mane;
The tane unto the t'other say,
'Where sall we gang and dine to-day?'

“'In behint yon auld fail dyke,
I wot there lies a new slain knight;
And naebody kens that he lies there,
But his hawk, his hound, and lady fair.

“'His hound is to the hunting gane,
His hawk to fetch the wild-fowl hame,
His lady's ta'en another mate,
So we may mak our dinner sweet.”

The girls were searching for medical as well as culinary herbs. Recently their aunt had been teaching them a lot about herbs and their efficiency. Thus, their baskets were full of green-leaved rosemary for making tea and easing headaches; parsley, to clean the blood and ease spasms; poisonous aconite which, when prepared correctly could be used as a painkiller; and leaves of thyme to be used as antiseptic and against coughs.
The place was peaceful and calm; the sun, though half hidden behind the clouds, still managed to shine down on the field, brightening the girls’ glossy hair, which shone gloriously under the light. The panorama of the high mountains and greenish hills that day was entirely clear; the mountains were so lucid and seemed so close that their mightiness was daunting. The field was covered with the white petals of the chamomiles, which constantly distracted Electra and Cassandra, forcing them to pick one every minute or two and play the ‘loves me, loves me not’ game, and every time they would either smile with delight or throw the stalk away with resentment and sing another verse of the song.
“'Ye'll sit on his white hause-bane,
And I'll pike out his bonny blue een;
Wi ae lock o his gowden hair
We'll theek our nest when it grows bare.”

“'Mony a one for him makes mane,
But nane sall ken where he is gane;
Oer his white banes, when they are bare,
The wind sall blaw for evermair.'”

The mockingbirds and robins couldn’t pass the girls without joining their song. Even the crows—the main characters of the song—flew down on the field and joined with their mysterious cawing. The birds were never afraid of those nymphs and could stay peacefully nearby without fear of being harmed, and would often join them with their lovable whistling or baffling cawing.
The girls’ voices joined in beautiful harmony. While picking herbs and putting them in their baskets, the three maidens continued to sing the dark ballad, accompanied by the forest birds.
Not far from them, yet on the other side of the river, Sheriff De Roy passed on horseback with Magnus McCormack by his side. They stopped and looked at the field, where, almost at the edge of the forest, three young girls were collecting herbs and singing a song about the crows that were preparing to eat the dead knight’s corpse. De Roy clasped the reins in his hands and gritted his teeth.
“Witches,” he murmured.
Magnus McCormack scowled. He stood there, while the wind caressed his long grey hair, watching the girls and listening to their song. “Just a little more patience. We shall get rid of them soon,” Magnus McCormack said.
They hit the spurs and vanished from the field. Neither the girls nor their aunt had noticed them. When the baskets were full, the girls sat down not afar from each other and began sorting the herbs. Aunt Andromeda would pass near each of them, giving them advice about which of the collected plants was necessary and which was not.
Electra and Medea were talking about something, but Cassandra wasn’t listening to them. For some time she sat by herself, quiet and thoughtful. Then a white hand gently patted her head, and Andromeda sat beside her.
“My child, is anything bothering you?” she asked. 
Cassandra looked at her aunt, struggling to say something and trying hard not to. 
“I can see that you are worried about something. What is it, my angel? What is bothering you?”
“I don’t know, Aunt. I think it is only a flight of fancy and nothing more.”
Andromeda noticed that Cassandra threw a quick glance at Medea and just as quickly looked away. “Is it about Medea? What has she done?”
“No, nothing. It’s not about her. Rather about my imagination.”
“Tell me about it.” 
Cassandra bit her lip, thinking over what to say.
“You remember what happened the last time when you kept secrets from me, right?” Aunt said in a soothing voice. “You can tell me anything. I will not get angry, but I want to be sure that my girls are not in trouble.”
“Why is she different?” Cassandra asked, looking at her aunt.
“Medea?” Andromeda looked at the black-haired nymph sitting under the trees, telling something to Electra and laughing heartily. “You all are different, my dear. Everyone is different.”
“Yes, but she … she is … it is like she’s not—” she stopped halfway, fearful of what she was about to say.
Andromeda was silent for a while. She was looking at Medea: at her pale skin, paler than the rest of them had, at her dark satin-like hair and the same dark fathomless eyes. She then rested her eyes on the big wicker basket near Medea, which was full of herbs, flowers, and fly agarics. Morrigan flew above their heads and cawed. Both Andromeda and Cassandra looked up.
“That day at the fair,” Cassandra said at last, “she changed. I didn’t recognize her. Oh, Aunt, I am so scared for her,” she said in a tearful voice. “What if she doesn’t restrain herself? What if she gives them a chance to accuse her?” Andromeda was silent while Cassandra continued, “My poor Medea. My poor sister. I don’t want anything to happen to her. I love her so much. I am so scared for her.”
Now she was trying hard not to cry. Her eyes were lost in moisture, but she knew she had to hold the tears back to avoid upsetting her sisters. Andromeda gently kissed her brow and assured her she wouldn’t let anything happen to them. She left Cassandra, went near Medea, and began sorting the herbs in her basket. Cassandra wiped away the tears that had managed to crawl down her cheeks and joined her sisters’ conversation.
“Then I told him that witchcraft is not for everyone,” Electra was saying. “But he is so stubborn, my lovely fellow. Now I am wondering if there is anything easy enough to be taught to him.”
“You don’t need this.” Andromeda pulled an acorn out of Medea’s basket. Medea took it and threw it at the tree where Electra was sitting. The acorn hit the bark and fell into Electra’s basket. 
“Hey, darling, don’t you dare tell your beloved our family secrets,” Medea said, and laughed.
Electra took the acorn, looked at it for a second and threw it at Cassandra, aiming into her basket. “Cassie, tell your sister that I am not so stupid to teach Eric family secrets.”
Cassandra took the acorn and gave it to the squirrel that was standing nearby and watching her. The squirrel took the acorn and ran up the tree. “How do I know what is on your mind? Maybe you will,” she said with a smile.
A butterfly floated before Cassandra’s eyes and sat down on her head. A moment later another dozen butterflies appeared before her and seated themselves on her soft red hair, forming a colorful headband. Cassandra laughed. “Beautiful crown,” she said. “Now set them free.”
Electra spread her hands aside and uttered, “Free!”
The butterflies flew above Cassandra’s head and took different directions. Andromeda helped Electra with her basket and all four returned home. Eric was in the blue castle. His presence rejoiced his beloved. She sat with him on a swinging couch in the garden, among the white lilies and purple lavenders, and listened to Eric’s story about the constant premonitions that he had been having recently.
“I don’t know if I am really sensing something, or if this feeling is due to the diaries I have read and the creature that is lurking in the town at night.” He put his palm over Electra’s. “I am having nightmares every night. I wake up covered in sweat, but maybe it’s only because I sleep with closed windows, and my room is hot,” Eric sighed. “I am so worried, Elie.”
For some time Electra was silent. She was pondering over something, her face concerned and serious.
“Am I thinking too much into it?” Eric asked her.
“I don’t know, my dear,” she said. “So many things are happening. Would you like to tell me about your dreams?”
Eric looked at her, thinking how beautiful she was: a flower among the flowers—gentle, soft, caring; fairer than all the garden roses around. He tore off a white lily from its stem and put it into her braid behind her ear. Eric then lay down on the couch, putting his head on her lap, and spoke about his nightmares.
“I don’t remember my dreams, but I remember the strange feeling I have after waking up. I feel devastated. I feel sad. Sometimes I can feel I have been crying while asleep. The only thing I remember about my dreams is the shining of the stars. And then there is darkness,” Eric was saying while Electra gently stroked his dark hair. “I feel something bad will happen.”
“You know what we shall do? We shall go to Aunt’s Fortune-telling Room and have a cartomancy session.”
Electra led Eric into a dark room on the second floor of the castle. She told him to sit in front of a small table and lit the candles. The light was dim; the room was still lost in the dark. Only the table and one of the walls were illumined by the light. Eric saw a big crystal ball on the table, which Electra carefully took up and put aside on a shelf. She found a deck of tarot cards, put them on the table then went into the dark corner of the room, loosened her hair, looked for something, and came back wearing a dark cloak, with a black conical hat in her hands.
“Is that necessary?” Eric asked when she put the hat on.
“Not really,” Electra smiled. “But I look good in it, don’t I?”
“Absolutely, my gorgeous witch,” Eric said, admiring the long red waves of her hair under the hat.
Electra dragged the red curtains around the table, leaving her and Eric inside them. “And now, young man, let's see what is bothering you,” she said, mixing up the deck. Her tone was so strange—calm, serious, and low—that Eric chuckled. But she looked straight into his eyes, sober, concentrated, and for a second Eric didn’t recognize her. The red shades had fallen over her pale face, her grey eyes glittered like crystals, and lips began pronouncing incomprehensible words while she laid the cards on the table. That was the witch inside her, whom he hadn’t seen before. Even when she performed tricks, she didn’t have that look. There were secrets behind those grey eyes and mysteries inside that beautiful head.
“This is your past,” the fortune-teller said, pointing at a card on the table. “Four of Wands. Appreciation, harmony.” Electra pulled out another card. “Two of Cups—a romance, new friendship.” She looked up and smiled.
Eric smiled back, recollecting their first meetings.
“Now what your present says.” She took a card from the deck. “Eight of Pentacles. That’s employment, a new profession.”
“Wow,” Eric muttered, looking at the card that depicted a craftsman at his work. “Until now you haven’t been mistaken.”
The red-haired fortune-teller took another card. “Ten of Cups,” she said, “a family quarrel.”
Eric sighed. Electra put another card on the table. “The Star. Upright!” she smiled.
“What is it?”
“Hope. Optimism. Faith. And now the future.” Electra put three cards on the top of the rest. Her face changed when she looked at the cards. All were reverse. All predicted misfortunes.
“Why did you stop?” Eric asked. “What is this card?” He put his finger on the card with ten coins.
“Ten of Pentacles.”
“What does it foretell?”
“It augurs family misfortune,” Electra said.
“And this one?” He pointed at a man with a sword in one hand and scales in the other.
“False accusations. Unfairness. Bias.” For a moment Electra thought about lying to him, and hiding the true meanings of the cards, but changed her mind. She wasn’t going to conceal anything from him. They looked at each other, then their eyes rested on the last card: a horseman on a white steed.
Death was written under the card.
23. Dirty Windows

Cassandra and Raymond were sitting by the river and talking about Raymond’s plans. He was supposed to return to Ornshire and stay there until the end of the winter. His plans had upset Cassandra, who wasn’t sure she could bear such a long parting from her beloved. She rarely took her eyes off him, admiring his fair face with light moustache that gave him a medieval knight look, the long brown hair that shone under the sunlight, and enjoying that sweet laughter, the sound of which brightened her up.
“I wish I didn’t have to go, but grandmother needs me there, and I can’t disobey her,” Raymond said when Cassandra expressed her sorrow about his upcoming departure.
“I know,” she sighed. “But I hoped you would stay the whole autumn in Hollow.”
Raymond cuddled her. “I will talk to grandmother as soon as I have the chance.”
“You will talk to her?”
“Yes. Have you forgotten? I am going to talk to grandmother about my future, our future—mine and yours.” 
Cassandra forced a smile, thinking about what to say. She was very much fond of Raymond, but every time he talked about their future, she felt uneasiness and embarrassment.
“I want to introduce you to my grandmother. I am sure she will love you just as much as I do,” Raymond said, drawing her closer to him and kissing her. “I can’t wait to show you Ornshire. That is one beautiful place. I know how much you love Hollow, but Ornshire is something different. I have been in other countries, but never have I seen so many trees as in Ornshire. It’s one huge forest, with the mightiest oaks and tallest poplars, with the greenest cedars and lushest aspens. It's so green, and the air is cleaner than you can imagine. The autumn resembles a landscape painted in red, orange, and purple, and winter is a never-ending, glorious row of trees covered with snow. Oh, Cassie, I can’t wait to take you there. Bonnie and I will take you on a sightseeing tour, and you’ll see that I wasn’t lying, not even exaggerating. Grandmother takes good care of the place. No one has the right to touch anything in Ornshire without her knowledge and approval.”
“She looks so grave—your grandmother. Always so serious,” Cassandra said, thinking about the Dowager, who seemed to her a woman with no soul, a rare jewel, polished to brightness and perfection.
“She is, most of the time. She is a strong woman who has been taking care of so many matters for the last three decades. You know her husband, the Duke of Ornshire, died very early, and being all alone made my grandmother develop a harsher character. My father’s death was another hardship for her, but she bore her grief silently as she always does; she rarely shows emotions. She doesn’t even smile.”
Now Raymond was talking to himself, reminiscing about his grandmother and her character, and probably this was the first time when he thought whether the Duchess would like Cassandra. Thinking about it, Raymond inwardly assured himself that his fondness for Cassandra was so big that his grandmother wouldn’t be able to oppose his decision. What he wasn’t thinking about was whether Cassandra would oppose his decision about meeting the Duchess and talking about her future life with him. He was so confident about her feelings that it never occurred to him to ask her about it. He considered himself mature enough to decide for them both, whilst Cassandra was totally lost, and the only reason why she didn’t tell him about her doubts of meeting the Duchess so soon was the gentle feeling she had for Raymond and the knowledge that her refusal might upset him.
“You need to tell him you aren’t ready,” Electra told her after Cassandra shared her doubts and fears with her sisters. “You are only seventeen, why would you marry so soon?”
“I don’t want to marry,” Cassandra said. “But I love Raymond, and I am afraid I might lose him if I tell him that.”
“Dear Cassie, I may not be the best advisor, I am only four months older, but if he loves you, he won’t leave you just because you’re not ready for marriage. You need not sacrifice yourself.”
“She’s right,” Medea said, sitting next to the thoughtful girl. “Why is it that you have to do as he wishes when he hasn’t even asked if you want to marry? Getting married at seventeen is silly.”
“Besides, is Raymond planning to live his whole life as the Duke of Ornshire and spend his days and nights lying on the couch doing nothing? Has he talked about that?” asked Electra. She saw sorrow on Cassandra’s face and added, “Sorry, I didn’t mean to sound so harsh.”
“You are not harsh,” her sister answered. “You are both right, but I’m not sure I can tell him all this. Maybe I need to write him a letter?”
“A letter?” Medea exclaimed. “Are you such a coward that you can’t say what you think straight into the face of the fellow you love? Or are you so unsure about his feelings?”
“No!” Cassandra hurried to say. “No, I am sure. I know he loves me just as much as I love him.”
“Then talk to him. Do it tomorrow, before he leaves. I don’t know much about matters of love, but my opinion is that lovers shouldn’t hide anything from each other. You know what they say: love conquers everything.”
“Medea is telling the truth,” Electra said, sitting behind Cassandra and combing her hair. “Don’t be afraid.”
“I am so happy I have you. What would I do without you?” Cassandra breathed out, feeling more confident after all her sisters had said.
“You would get married at seventeen and have a boring life of a houseduchess all your life.”
Electra and Cassandra laughed aloud.
“A houseduchess!” Electra exclaimed.
“I think thousands of girls would dream about being a houseduchess,” Cassandra said with a laugh.
“Maybe. But don’t forget that we are special,” Medea said with a sly smile.
“Special? Rather damned,” Electra muttered, braiding Cassandra’s hair.
“Oh, El, don’t say that. We are not damned,” Cassandra said.
“Then why do I hear ‘damned creature’ whispered behind my back all the time?”
All three sighed.
“Do you think this will ever end?”
“I know not, Medea. I am not sure it will.”
“Why can’t they leave us alone?” Cassandra thought out loud. “What have we done to them? Why are they so mean?”
“Forget about them, and think about the upcoming conversation with Raymond,” Medea said, and seeing Cassandra’s braid, added, “My, my, what a beautiful braid you have pleated. I want one, too!”
Cassandra gave up her place to Medea, and Electra began combing her black hair.
“Yes, you are right. I need to think over my conversation with Raymond. I only hope neither of us will be left disappointed after the talk.”
“I promise you that everything will be alright,” Medea said, stretching her arms to her sister and pressing her in a tight embrace.
“Thank you for the encouragement,” Cassandra said.
Though she felt relief after the talk with her sisters, Cassandra still couldn’t sleep at night. She was thinking about Raymond’s possible reaction after she told him she wasn’t ready to meet his grandmother to discuss their marriage. She couldn’t sleep the whole night and got out of bed very early. After having breakfast, Cassandra went to the clinic earlier than usual. At the clinic’s doors she saw Dr. Robinson hastily cleaning mud off the windows. She approached him and offered to help. Dr. Robinson seemed startled to see her. She was supposed to come half an hour later, and he had hoped to clean the dirt before her arrival.
“Cassie, dear child, I didn’t want you to see this,” he said awkwardly, a moment later realizing he had betrayed himself.
“Oh, Dr. Robinson, does this happen every day?” Cassandra asked, now aware of what had happened.
“It doesn’t matter. Go inside, I will finish in a moment.”
Cassandra took the cloth from his hands. “I will do that myself. After all, it has been done because of me.”
The veterinarian sighed and shook his head. He didn’t want her to see the mud, mud addressed to her. He was afraid it would upset her too much, but Cassandra handled the matter with dignity and smiled at him. “Don’t worry,” she said. “I am not upset.” She silently washed the dirty windows. 
Dr. Robinson knew who had been doing that: it was old Mrs. Wheeler, the neighbor. She never hid her dislike for the witches, and many times chided Dr. Robinson. He had no doubt it was her but never said a word to her, and when an hour later Mrs. Wheeler came to the clinic and asked him to have a look at her rabbits, which seemed to be sick, he went with her without a word or reprimand. He knew that talking to her would be a waste of time, and he wasn’t going to punish the animals for the mistakes of their owner.
Cassandra met Raymond in the evening. Hesitant at first, she told him she didn’t want to marry. Raymond listened to her in silence. He realized it had never occurred to him that she might be against meeting his grandmother and marrying him at the end of the year. That was what Raymond had planned: introducing Cassandra to the Duchess, receiving her approval, then talking to her family, and marrying her. He had thought about everything, but had missed the most important part—he had not asked her what she wanted, and it turned out that Cassandra didn’t want to marry him. Not yet, anyway. She assured him that she loved him very much but wasn’t ready to become his wife.
Raymond was upset. He had already pictured a perfect family portrait with his Duchess Grandmother, little sister Bonnie, and beautiful wife Cassandra. In his imagination, they all lived happily in their residence in Ornshire. And now Cassandra was telling him that the beautiful portrait couldn’t be painted yet, because she wasn’t ready for a marriage. Raymond was disappointed, but he loved her and didn’t want to lose her. They decided that Cassandra would meet with the Duchess next year, during the annual ball at Ornshire, after which they would get engaged, and Raymond would wait until she knew she was ready for a marriage. Cassandra was overjoyed. She hugged her beloved, thinking how right her sisters were when they convinced her to talk to him, having no idea that her tears were yet to come.
24. The Lonely Widower

Eric and Electra were sitting under a big oak tree named Lonely Widower, near one of the streams of the Sirtalion that cut across a beautiful glen. The sad name of the tree moved Eric’s curiosity, and he heard a touching story about two mighty oaks growing side by side for decades, and how they became infected with oak wilt, resulting in their defoliation. Uncle Colin did everything to save the trees, but he succeeded in only saving one of the oaks, while the second had to be cut down by Mr. Acks and his woodcutters. From then on, the three witches gave the surviving tree the name Lonely Widower, for it had lost a lot of foliage and looked broken and depressed the way that only trees can look. To brighten it up, the girls would spend hours sitting on its branches or lying down under its shadow, and in six months the great oak tree obtained its past might and bloomed with a vast amount of foliage.
While telling the story, Electra was painting the scenery. Then for some time Eric amused her by playing his guitar. Getting tired of playing, he put the guitar on the grass and approached Electra’s easel, looking at the painting. It was the scenery of Hollow: the light-grey rocks with trees around them, the trail of yellow cotton clouds swimming above the tall rocks, the mist at their base, and the lonely oak tree on the foreground. Eric climbed up the Lonely Widower and sat on the bough.
“Is there anything interesting up there?” Electra asked him, touching the canvas with the brush.
“I thought that this way I would appear in your painting.”
“Your wit sometimes bewilders me,” she smiled.
“Is it a mirage or is there really a castle behind the forest?” Eric asked, pointing at the grey rocks and the forest that covered them.
“It’s an old, abandoned castle,” Electra said.
“It surely has a story, right? Tell me about it. Why is it abandoned?”
“The castle has been abandoned because no one really knows how to reach it. There is no road. I have heard that only the Sirtalion leads to the castle through the woods, but that part of the forest is said to be the most dangerous. It was there that Morgaine fooled the wanderers and webbed them in her nets.”
“Does it have a name?”
“A few. The most famous one is Ostband.”
For some time they kept quiet. Electra was engrossed in the painting, and Eric was absorbed in her quiet figure and precise movements. He lay on the thick branch and looked at her. She was moving the brush carefully and gently, applying paint to the canvas. Eric was observing her silently, and unaware, he was smiling wider and wider, looking at her red hair, lily-white hands, and delicate neck. The grass she was sitting on resembled the throne of a nymph who was harmonious with the beautiful surroundings she was painting. From time to time she put the brush down and looked into the distance. Sometimes she stared too long, and Eric wondered what she was thinking about. She was thoughtful. Even from a distance he could catch a sorrowful glimpse in her eyes. He wondered if she was feeling unhappy and how he could banish her sorrow. He wished her happiness; he wanted to always see her cheerful. She was happy when she was with him, but sometimes that shade of sadness covered her face. She was unhappy. She was constantly in fear and doubt. She never knew what tomorrow would bring. While there was so much hate towards her and her family, every day could be her last. Eric sighed. She shouldn’t live in fear, he thought, that’s not right. He wished he could take her away with him. He would protect her and no one would harm her. Eric was thinking that with all its beauty and splendor, Hollow was a dangerous place for his beloved.
Electra became tired of painting. She stretched her hands, took a deep breath, then lay down on the grass and closed her eyes. Eric stared at her from above. The scene was vivid and colorful: a carpet of the green grass, the deep blue dress lying on it, and the burning flames of her hair scattered around the beautiful face. He could sit on the tree, stare at her all day and relax. The glen was calm and quiet. The wind was blowing cooler, the grass and rosy flowers were slowly rocking from side to side, and the nightingales were warbling on the branches of the trees—an absolute idyll.
Witch, Eric thought. She’s a witch. Of all the girls in the world, he loved a witch. That word sounded malicious. It was so far from what she really was. To him she was not a witch, but the most beautiful, gentle, soft creature, and everyone who wished to harm her was an enemy to him. He was beginning to think about the hateful townspeople when Electra’s voice cut short his thoughts.
“Are you going to stay in the tree till night?”
“I can’t take my eyes off you,” Eric said. “And from above, I’m not missing anything. This is a perfect angle.”
A sudden wind blew and moved the branches of the tree where Eric was sitting. The leaves tickled his face and the branches moved from side to side.
“Did you do this?” Eric asked, noticing that Electra was smiling.
Electra opened her eyes and looked up. “I can’t tell you. You live on the East Bank.”
“I won’t betray your secret, my witch,” he smiled.
“You know we are not supposed to perform witchcraft in the presence of the townsfolk, especially the Easterners,” Electra said, playing with a blackbird that had perched on her bosom. “That’s why that will be the last trick you witness.”
“Please don’t do that to me.” Eric turned over the bough and landed near her. He reclined beside her and touched the silky hair with the tips of his fingers. “You can't be so cruel. I love your tricks of witchcraft.”
“Ah, naive boy,” she said, stroking the bird on her bosom. “You call them tricks. I wonder what you’ll say if one day you face the real witchcraft: mighty power, a potent wave that can sweep away the trees, raise the sea, and whirl the wind.” Before the words were out of her mouth, Electra already regretted having spoken them. She stopped, seeing Eric’s stunned face.
“Tell me more,” he said.
“I will not, but if you want, I shall sing a song for you.”
Eric understood that she regretted talking about witchcraft and wanted to change the subject. He didn’t mind, especially when she was going to distract him with her beautiful singing. By her request, he handed her the guitar. Electra had been practicing during Eric’s absence and now was eager to show him how much she had learnt. She settled between Eric’s knees and put the guitar on her lap, then touched the strings with her slender fingers while the blackbird leaped in the thick grass before them.
 “I am a young sailor14,
My story is sad,
Though once I was carefree 
And a brave sailor lad,
I courted a lassie 
By night and by day,
Oh but now she has left me,
And sailed far away.

“Oh, if I was a blackbird
Could whistle and sing,
I'd follow the vessel
My true love sails in,
And in the top riggin'
I would there build my nest,
And I'd flutter my wings
O’er her lilly white breast.

“Or if I was a scholar
And could handle the pen
Once secret love letter
To my true love I'd send
And tell of my sorrow,
My grief and my pain
Since she's gone and left me
In yon flowery glen.

“I sailed o'er the ocean,
My fortune to seek.
Though I missed her caress
And her kiss on my cheek
I returned and I told her
My love was still warm
But she turned away lightly
And great was her scorn.

“I offered to take her
To Donnybrook Fair.
And to buy her fine ribbons
To tie up her hair.
I offered to marry
And to stay by her side.
But she says in the morning
She sails with the tide.

“My parents, they chide me,
Oh they will not agree.
Saying that me and my false love,
Married should never be.
Oh, let them deprive me,
Or let them do what they will.
While there's breath in my body,
She's the one I love still.”

Her voice was soothing, but the sense of anxiety returned to Eric—the sensation he had last year when he was constantly tormented by disturbing feelings about her. When she finished the song, Eric took the guitar from her hands and put it aside, then hugged her and pressed her to his chest. Electra buried her face in his warm neck, and so they sat for a while, sat in stillness, watching the silent sky grow darker, and the mighty clouds take over the golden orb. Soon the sun went down. The shadow of twilight fell over the glen, and a thunderclap warned about the upcoming storm.
Electra looked up at the gloomy sky. “Someone is arguing again.” She said nothing more, but Eric didn’t need words to feel her sorrow.
“I won’t let anything happen to you,” he said.
“I know,” was her answer.
Whilst the rain was pouring, Electra and Eric hid in the treehouse. They were sitting on the pillows in front of the window and looking outside at the trees that were bearing silently the hits of the large heavy drops coming down from the murky sky.
Something was bothering Electra, she was rueful and cheerless. Eric put his hand over her shoulder and drew her closer. Electra hugged him, but kept staring at the sky without blinking.
“I know what you are thinking about,” Eric said. “I wish I could keep these thoughts away from your head.”
“I wish that, too.”
“It breaks my heart to see you like this. I don’t want to see those sad expressions on your face. Smile for me, because I won’t let anything happen to you.”
Electra didn’t say anything.
“You think these are just words, right? You think I can’t protect you from them? But I swear I’ll do anything for you. The first moment I sense real trouble I’ll take you away.”
Electra smiled mirthlessly. “To where?”
“To my home. You and the girls. I’ll take you all to my place, where nothing will happen to you.”
Electra gave out a bitter laugh then kissed Eric on the cheek. “We shall not leave Hollow,” she said.
“But why? Why won’t you at least go to Walachia to live with your grandparents? You’d be safe there, wouldn’t you?”
“We shall not leave Hollow,” Electra repeated. “We never will. That is what we told Uncle and Aunt when they were debating on sending us to Grandpa Grindewald’s castle. We shall not leave Hollow. That is what they want—to banish us from the town. But this is our home, and we have decided to stay here unless Uncle and Aunt take us away by force.”
For a while only the rain and the forest were making a noise, which resembled an incomprehensible conversation between two old friends, whose words consisted of the sounds of gushing water and the rustling of leaves.
“Eric, tell me, in those diaries—” Electra pressed her lips together, as if struggling with what she was to ask. “Do they speak about my parents?”
Eric said nothing.
“Please, tell me.”
“Yes,” he said.
“Tell me about them. What were they like? Our Aunt and Uncle rarely talk about them. Whenever the girls and I asked Aunt Andromeda about our mothers, she became so tearful and miserable that in the end we stopped talking about them. Maybe you could tell me more than just their names and looks.”
“They were wonderful people,” Eric said. “Your mother was a nurse. She could prepare potions and balms that soothed pain and healed wounds. Sometimes she stayed in the hospital until the morning nursing the patients. And almost every week she received presents from her healed patients. Everyone loved her, because she was gentle and caring, and she had a soothing voice and a calm touch. She was Dr. Pill’s favorite nurse; he trusted her with the most ill patients.”
“Then … why did they kill her?” Electra asked, and pressed her weeping face against Eric’s chest.
“I don’t know.” Eric embraced her. “I wish I could explain humans’ strange behavior. Sometimes we do inexplicable things. Sometimes we see evil when there is none, or we are blinded by jealousy, ruled by fear, led by envy. Maybe because we can’t accept anything unordinary, or because we need to blame others for our problems and misfortunes instead of taking the responsibility ourselves. I don’t know. I really don’t.”
“Do you know how they died?” Electra asked. “My parents, how did they die?”
Eric didn’t know what to say.
“Please, tell me how they died.”
Silence.
“Were they tortured to death?”
Silence.
“Drowned?”
No word.
“Burnt?”
To distract her from the sad thought Eric tried to kiss Electra, but she drew her head back and, looking him in the eyes, said, “I want to know.”
“Why are you torturing yourself? Let those thoughts go.”
“Tell me,” she said, fighting back the tears. “Tell me now. Sooner or later I will know. Why not now?”
“Because I don’t want to talk about the witch hunt. It is breaking your heart, and mine, too. Those diaries, they are the worst things I have ever read.”
“What if they do the same to me and my sisters?”
She put her head back on Eric’s chest and took a deep breath. Her soft hair touched his chin, and Eric hid his face in the fiery mane. He closed his eyes for only a second but had a vision which seemed to last an eternity. He saw a woman tied to a log, with burning brushwood around. Her body was lost in the black smoke. Her face was familiar, and the agony was bursting through her grey eyes. He knew her, it was her—Electra, tied to the log, in the fire, in the flames, and there was a man with her…
Eric felt pain on his palm and winced. He opened his eyes and looked at his hand—the skin was white and untouched.
“What is it?” Electra asked.
“Nothing.” He put his palms around her face. “Whatever is coming, I will go through it with you.”

25. The Woman by the Fountain

The witches and their friends were still looking for an answer to the riddle. Hector and Jack examined any fountain they found on the West Bank, and Eric searched those on the East Bank, but they had no results. The fountain riddle was still unsolved.
One August evening, left alone in the Old Curiosity shop, Eric sat near the shop window and looked into the narrow alley. He thought about the creature and how to warn others about her presence. Since he had started locking his bedroom window, the bites on his chest had healed. He had no doubt that whatever creature it was—a lamia or any other evil thing—it had been coming into his room and drinking his blood. He slept badly, as his room was hot as an oven and he lacked fresh air, but still his window was always closed. Eric had no wish to let the creature inside his room and treat it with some of his blood. A few times he shivered at the idea that a lamia had been digging her fangs inside his chest. Now he was thinking about those young men who didn’t know what was happening in Hollow. He could try to warn them, but what would he say? He didn’t know what exactly it was. And he doubted anyone would even believe him.
Sitting in the shop alone almost for an hour, Eric became bored and thought about sorting the books and albums on one of the shelves deep in the wall. He opened the albums and thumbed through them. There were the old photographs he had once been looking at, but there were also older ones, taken in Hollow decades ago. People in one of the black and white photos were wearing 19th century clothing. Women were in long gowns, and men were wearing tuxedos. The faces were indiscernible, but Eric didn’t care for the faces, as in one of the photos he saw the people near the bronze fountain in the center of the square. He turned the photo and looked at its back. It was dated 1895. Eric put the photo aside and looked into other albums. To his happiness, there were other photographs with people by the fountain. The photos were small, some of them were almost the same photos taken in slightly different angles, and looking at them for some time, Eric remembered about a tool in the shop that could help him see more details. He once saw Mr. Pickering using the device, which was kept in one of the cabinets. Eric opened the cabinet and took out a medium-sized stereoscope. He put it on the table, cleaned the dust off it, then put two similar photographs under the glass and looked at them.
There was something different, but Eric couldn’t understand what exactly bothered him in those photos. Looking carefully, he noticed that in some of the photos the fountain was full of water. Eric scattered the photos on the table near the burning lamp, took a magnifying glass, and began carefully and precisely examining them. He then again put them under the stereoscope glass and studied them for so long that his eyes began aching. There was one photo with a woman in a long dress, standing by the fountain. She was wearing dark clothing, it could have been black, or brown, or even dark blue—it was impossible to tell. She was holding a long parasol by the handle, pointing its edge at the fountain. Eric looked at her parasol, then at the bronze statues of the fountain at which she was pointing. Suddenly it dawned upon him—the figures’ positions were different. They were grouped together, but Eric could swear that now the figures of the fountain on the square were far from each other. He thought it over. Yes, they were away from each other: the lady was on the left, the whistler on the right, and the boy in the middle.
They can move, Eric thought. That might be the answer to the riddle. The figures move. Now, how could they move the bronze statues?
Eric put the photographs back in their places except for the one of the woman with the parasol. He went out and stood in front of the fountain, observing it, then began touching the statues and looking for any possible button or lever that could make them move.
Nothing.
He spent half an hour examining the fountain and its statues, pushed them, tried to move them but to no avail. He only managed to pique the curiosity of the passersby, which stared in bewilderment at the young man pushing the statues or trying to drag them from their places. The next morning, Eric called his friends to the fountain and told them about his discovery. Then he showed them the photo. Jack took the magnifying glass Eric had brought with him and studied the photo. Eric was right: in the old photo the statues were standing close to each other and the fountain was full of water.
“Look at the whistler,” Medea said after they had all carefully and precisely examined the photo. “He has a flute, and the water is flowing out of it.”
“The flute is gone now,” Eric said, looking at the whistler’s figure.
“It has always been gone. At least, ever since I can remember,” Electra said.
“Someone has taken it,” Eric suggested.
“Who? Or rather, why? Why would someone steal the statue’s flute?” Cassandra asked.
Jack examined the whistler’s figure, touched the hands that were grabbing the empty air where the flute was supposed to be. Electra, Cassandra, and Medea were attentively examining the lady’s statue, looking at the folds of her dress, at the fan she had in her hand and at her high hairdo.
“Look here,” Electra said. “Her hair, something is missing from her hair.”
Everyone looked to where Electra was pointing. They saw a small hole inside the bronze hairdo, as if a part was missing.
“What can it be?” she asked.
“A brooch?” Medea suggested.
“I doubt it,” Cassandra said. “It’s not a good place for a brooch. If her hair were real, then the brooch would be totally lost in it. You don’t wear a brooch to hide it.”
The girls looked at Jack and Eric, but they spread their hands. “You know about women's accessories better than us,” Eric said.
The girls began making suggestions: a ribbon, a gem, a hairpin. They looked at the lady from head to feet. Her dress reminded them of those from the 19th century, with long hems, corsets, and laces. They began discussing what women would have carried in their hair two hundred years ago: a vial with poison, a key from a secret door, or maybe…
“I know what it is!” Electra exclaimed. “It’s a flea box.”
“Huh?” the boys said simultaneously.
“A flea box,” she said. “That’s what the ladies used to carry in their hair back in the day. In those times everyone had fleas. Flea boxes were designed to catch the fleas inside their hair. They were small and had a tiny hole. A tissue sprinkled with blood or honey was placed in the box, and the fleas would get inside and get stuck.”
“I always suspected that behind all that glamor and gold, lousy reality was hidden,” Eric joked, looking at the small hole in the bronze hair.
For another fifteen minutes they examined the statue of the little boy in a nightgown, wearing slippers and a nightcap. In the end they all came to the same conclusion—the only thing that was missing from the statue was the candle in the candlestick that the boy was carrying.
“So, what do we have? A whistler without a flute, a lady without a flea box, and a boy without a candle. We need to get these items, put them on the statues, and maybe,” Jack looked around, “maybe the fountain will give us the key.”
“Then what are we waiting for? Let’s go get those items,” Eric said.
“Where do you think you can get them from?” Jack asked with irony. “From the market?”
“Why not? Does it matter where we get them from?”
“Look at the statues, my dear boy, and tell me what you see.”
Eric did as Jack said, thought for a moment, and answered, “A woman, a little boy, and a whistler.”
“It’s not just a woman. She seems to be from the 19th century.”
“So what?”
“Are you ready to go back in time and get a flea box for her?”
“You must be joking,” Eric said.
“And that boy. He needs a candle. I think I have seen him somewhere,” Jack observed.
“Yes, this statue reminds me of something too,” Hector said. “I have seen this image somewhere. Come now, think—remember.”
“Small figure, nightcap, slippers. Oh, I am sure I have seen him too,” Cassandra said. “For some reason obscurity comes to mind. Coldness. Stones. Stairs. Oh, something is coming to mind, something that I will remember soon.” She sat down on the fountain’s edge and lowered her head. “Stairs. Stairs. Why am I thinking about stairs?”
“Where do we have stairs?” Medea tried to help Cassandra. “Think. Where do we have stairs?”
“At home,” Electra said.
“In the restaurant,” Jack added.
“At school,” suggested Hector.
“In the library,” Ariadne thought out loud.
“Yes!” Cassandra yelled. “Yes, the public library. The museum. It’s a painting in the museum.”
“Oh, right,” Electra said. “Right, ‘The Boy in the Nightgown.’ The painting from the museum.”
“How could we have been so blind?” Medea exclaimed. “Of course it’s the boy from the painting. He is standing on the stone stairs that are supposedly leading to the top of the tower. He is wearing those same slippers and the nightcap, and he has a candlestick in his hand. I know that painting.”
“That’s good news,” Hector said. “The museum and the library are in the same building. We shall get inside the same way we did once and find the candle.”
“At least we don’t have to go back in time to get a candle,” Eric said.
“Maybe, but it doesn’t mean that getting the candle will be easier than the flea box. And yet, none of them will be as hard as the flute,” Jack said.
“Why?” asked Eric.
“Because this is no ordinary man. This is the Pied Piper.”

26. The Whistler

At the crack of dawn, Jack was passing through the forest. He had taken the assignment of finding the flute, and he knew that the paths of the Mysterious Forest, which had the ability to confuse and cheat time, led to the old villages from the ancient legends and that the Whistler might be in one of them. Being a half-witch, he only had to keep in mind where he wanted to go, and the road that led to the North, would eventually take him to the desired destination.
Walking through the woods, Jack heard footsteps nearby. He was sure he’d been alone on the path. He had refused Hector’s help and told him to get the candle, and Eric was supposed to find the flea box. Jack looked around. The depths of the forest were ominous and had secrets hidden under each tree and danger lurking behind each bush. Jack hid behind a tree and squeezed the hilt of his dagger. The steps came closer. They reached the tree where Jack was hiding. Whoever it was, Jack decided he would let them take a few more steps before attacking. The figure passed near the tree. Jack looked at her back and sighed.
“Ariadne,” he called to her. The girl turned around, startled, and stared at him. “What are you doing here? I almost attacked you.” Jack put the dagger back inside the scabbard.
“I decided to come with you,” she said.
“You shouldn’t have done that. This venture is a dangerous one. I told you to help the girls.”
“Hector and Eric will help them. I’d better help you.”
“I don’t need help.” Jack approached her. “Go back.”
“No,” she was persistent. “I can’t leave you alone. I am coming with you.” She stood in Jack’s way and didn’t move. She had her mind set on going with him, and Jack had no way to persuade her to go back.
“Sometimes you remind me of my sisters. Why are the girls of Hollow so unreasonable and capricious?” Jack walked down the path, and Ariadne followed him.
“It’s not about reason,” she said. “I fear for you.”
Jack didn’t answer. Inly he was glad for her presence. He had to go far into the forest; the path was going to be a long one, and Jack was happy he wasn’t alone.
The road that Jack and Ariadne had taken seemed to have no ending. They had been going for two hours, with temporary lulls when Ariadne got tired and asked for rest, and still hadn’t got out of the woods. At last Jack noticed smoke somewhere above. There were houses nearby. Soon they reached the edge of the forest and looked at the village that was spread on the other side of the river.
“Is that the Sirtalion?” Ariadne asked.
“I guess so.”
“If we pass it then we shall appear in another time, right?”
“We are already in another time,” he responded. “Don’t you see that this is not a modern village? Let’s go,” Jack added, and taking her by the hand, went to the river and crossed the long wooden bridge.
The village was small, nice, with one-story bricked houses and barns. The small pieces of land around the houses were separated with wooden fences. Fruit trees, carrots, potatoes, and radishes grew in the gardens and orchards in front of the houses. The place was calm. The village seemed peaceful, but Jack could sense that something was amiss—it was too quiet. Jack and Ariadne passed in front of the houses with closed doors and windows. Ariadne had hoped to meet a living soul and ask them about the village, but every time she’d see someone looking out the window, they would quickly close the shutters without giving her time to ask anything.
“What is going on here?” she wondered.
“I’m afraid we have reached the village too late,” Jack responded. “He has been here already.”
“The Whistler?”
“Yes. We not only have to steal the flute, but now we have something more important to do.”
Ariadne was about to ask him what was on his mind, when they saw an old man sitting on a stump and crying.
“What is the matter?” Ariadne asked, gently putting her hand over the man’s shoulder. He looked up at her with his old red eyes and said, “He took them all. All the children.”
“Oh,” was all that Ariadne could mutter. She looked at Jack, then back at the old man. “Don’t cry,” she said. “We have come to help.”
“What can you do, child?” the old man said. “He took our children because we didn’t pay him enough. He took them all. And now he is going to send the rats into our village. They will destroy us, those monsters, they will kill us all, and they have probably killed our children already.”
Ariadne was trying to console the old man, but he kept crying and muttering under his breath about the revenge of the Whistler.
“Tell us what has happened, old man,” Jack said, kneeling before him.
“Our village was attacked by rats,” the man began the tale. “We hired the Whistler to get rid of those disgusting animals. They were everywhere! The Whistler cleaned the village from those stinky creatures. He did his job, but then our silly mayor thought his price was too high and paid him less than we had promised. Silly, silly man. I heard the Whistler swearing revenge. I knew he would do something. Then he came to the village while we all were working in the fields and took the children away. All those that could walk are gone. My grandchildren too,” the old man again burst into sobs.
“Don’t cry,” Jack said. “We have come to help. Tell me, where is his lair? Do you know where the Whistler lives?”
The old man shook his head. “Somewhere in the cave behind the hills, but I am not sure.”
Jack stood up and took Ariadne by the hand. “We have to hurry,” he said. “We have to find them before the rats attack the village.”
“I don’t understand,” Ariadne said as they moved to the hills. “How could a piper take all the children away? How did he take them away? Why did they go with him?”
 “He has a magic flute. He uses it to lure the rats that follow the enchanting tune whenever they hear it. This time he lured the children the same way, and now his rats are going to attack the village.”
“His rats?”
“They obey him whenever he plays the flute.”
“But can’t the villagers fight back the rats and free the children?”
“These are no ordinary rats. I hope we shall not have to meet them. If we manage to find the piper’s cave, where he might be hiding the children, we shall free them and steal his flute. Then he may not hurt us. But if he plays the flute, we can’t escape.”
Ariadne shivered.
“I knew I shouldn’t have taken you with me,” Jack said.
“I am not afraid.”
“You are trembling.”
“Alright, I am afraid. But it doesn’t matter. I wanted to come with you.”
Jack smiled at her. “Thank you,” he said.
“No need to thank me. You know I couldn’t leave you by yourself if you got into trouble.”
They climbed up the hills and looked around. Standing on the top of the green hill, they saw the same small village on a broad strath with blue-roofed houses, orchards, and gardens. There were three-dozen houses, a marketplace, and thoroughfares, but not a single soul could be seen. The village was quiet and empty. Jack slowly examined the houses trapped inside the hills from one side, and the forest from the other. He then looked at the river making its way through the hills and disappearing into the depths of the forest. Jack tried to memorize the landscape. The sun was already setting, and he knew that soon they would need to escape the place through the darkness. After Jack examined the surroundings, they came down by the slope of the hill.
“Where are we going?” Ariadne asked him.
“To the cave.”
“How do you know where it is?”
“Look under your feet.”
Ariadne did as Jack said. She didn’t notice anything at first, but looking more precisely, she saw traces on the ground, stomped grass and flowers.
“They passed this way. I noted from the hill that this road leads to a dark spot. Should be the cave. There won’t be any other place to hide the children. We know where the children are—that’s the good news. The sun is setting—that’s the bad news.”
“Will they attack the village at night?”
“I think so. That means we still have some time. The Whistler and his rats have to be asleep now. They will wake up at night. If we get the flute, he will be helpless. If he plays it before we escape, the rats will tear us apart.”
“I hate rats,” Ariadne whispered. “But I think I can run fast enough to escape from them.”
Jack looked at her with mistrust, wondering if she understood what kind of rats he was talking about. No, she had no idea, and he decided not to tell her what was awaiting them in the cave. Ignorance is bliss, he thought, she’ll remain calm until she sees one of them.
When they were nearing the cave, Jack told Ariadne not to make a sound and to move as carefully as she could. Then they approached the wide entrance of the cave—a deep, dark hole overgrown by thick green leaves from all sides.
“No sound,” Jack warned Ariadne, who was standing frozen before the hole and looking inside the blackness. She nodded in response. Even if she wished to say something, she wouldn’t be able to do it, for her mouth was dry and her hands had begun shaking. The cave was completely dark. Even the last rays of the sun didn’t penetrate the entrance. The greenish leaves were aglow with the sunlight, but the entrance of the cave mysteriously avoided the light and resembled a painted black circle. Jack saw Ariadne’s wide eyes and the fear inside them, but it was too late to retreat. He took her hand, his lips said, “Let’s go,” though he made no sound, and they both stepped into the darkness.
Ariadne couldn’t see anything. She didn’t make a sound. The only thing she was capable of doing was squeezing Jack’s hand and slowly walking next to him. Her body trembled when she thought about the rats that might be lurking in the darkness right next to her. She feared the idea that she might stomp on the disgusting animals and feel their soft, bushy bodies under her feet.
The cave was long, dark, and smelled odious. The more they walked, the worse the place smelled. The odor was of litter, offal, and corpses. Ariadne was barely fighting back the sickness. Once she almost couldn’t resist vomiting, when the mixed smell of rotten flesh and rubbish became unbearable. It was so strong that it pierced the eyes and filled them with moisture. Jack could feel her discomfort, but he didn’t break the silence, only squeezed her hand, letting her remember that he was near, knowing that his presence was the only thing that comforted the girl and gave her the strength to continue going.
Their eyes got used to the darkness, and soon both Jack and Ariadne could distinguish the walls of the cave and massive rocks under them. When Jack’s eyes were able to see more than they did in the beginning, he put his hand on Ariadne’s shoulder and dragged her closer to him. She didn’t know the reason behind Jack’s gesture, but said no word. She trusted him completely and knew that whatever Jack did was for their good. She also felt calmer in his embrace; the warmth of Jack’s body soothed Ariadne, who wasn’t able to bear the coldness of the cave anymore, and his scent, though faint, still helped her fight the sickness caused by the cadaverous odor.
In the darkness, Ariadne stomped on something thick, which instantly escaped from under her foot like a snake. The very moment the rock next to Ariadne moved, raised its head, and looked at her. She would have shrieked, but Jack’s palm, which until then had been resting on her shoulder, pressed against her mouth. Ariadne felt Jack’s breath on her neck, his lips near her ear—he tried to soothe her and remind her he was near. His presence was comforting, but he still couldn’t calm her when a huge head was right in front of her face, so close that the long, thick whiskers tickled her forehead. Jack hugged her trembling body and put his other palm on her eyes, hinting that Ariadne needed to close them. She obeyed, but her body was still shaking. Jack could feel her fast heartbeat. Still hugging her, Jack made her move in unison with him. Her eyes were closed, but his were open, and he saw the figures of the huge rats lying under the walls of the cave and resting in the dark, getting ready for an attack on the village.
Now he wasn’t thinking of the flute, but of the children that might be somewhere in the cave, and who would soon become food for those creatures if they didn’t hurry. After a few more steps they heard snores coming from somewhere in the dark. Jack squinted and looked before him. There was a dim light on the left, and going nearer, he saw a room in the cave where the snoring was coming from. He longed to see who was there but didn’t forget the rats sleeping around, and walked to the entrance of the room slowly and carefully. Jack looked inside. It was a room illuminated by a single candle near the bed. The candle’s light trembled with every snore that was coming out of the mouth of the man sleeping on the bed. He was thin and had a strange appearance, making it impossible to tell his age. He didn’t seem old, but his hands were wrinkly, and black bags were hanging under his eyes. His snoring was loud, chilling, and echoed in the cave. The rats appeared to be used to it; they continued to lie still and enjoy the nap.
Jack looked around the dim room. It was almost empty: no furniture, no windows, only a bed with the sleeping piper, a bedside table with the burning candle and the piper’s pied hat on it.
Wondering why they were not moving, Ariadne opened her eyes. She saw the sleeping figure and her heart beat faster again. She squeezed Jack’s wrist and looked at him, trying to understand what he was planning to do. Jack put his finger on her lips. She nodded. Then Jack beckoned her to move forward, and they crossed the room. From there the cave was divided into three corridors, with the central one less dark than the other two. They slowly walked through the corridor in the middle and reached another room. Ariadne gave out a long sigh when she saw nearly thirty children behind the prison bars deep inside the wall. All of them were lying on the damp ground of the cage, close to each other. Their eyes were closed, but she couldn’t tell whether they were sleeping, or like her, had closed their eyes to avoid seeing the creatures of the cave. A torch was burning on the wall, but its light was getting dim and it could go out at any moment. Slowly, Jack and Ariadne approached the prison bars and knelt. Jack carefully stretched his hand into the cage and touched one of the children. The boy of about ten opened his eyes and jumped back, but seeing a human staring at him, suppressed the shriek. Jack put his finger on his lips. The boy nodded.
“We have come to help you,” Jack whispered as low as he could. The boy nodded again and carefully woke up his friend, who was sleeping on the cold floor nearby. One after the other the children opened their eyes and stared at Jack and Ariadne. They all were pale, dirty, and scared. With tearful and swollen eyes, the children looked at the unknown couple, and their small faces expressed hope and pleading. Jack examined the padlock, then took a skeleton key out of his pocket, and after a minute unlocked it. The children hurried to the exit, but he stopped them.
“Wait,” Jack whispered. “Do you know where the exit is?”
The boy who had woken up the first shook his head. The others repeated his movement.
“Then wait here. I need to find the exit,” whispered Jack, and turned to Ariadne. “We can’t go the same way. The rat on whose tail you stomped moved and blocked the entrance. Stay with the children. I shall look for another exit.”
“Oh, Jack, don’t leave us here,” Ariadne murmured.
“We have to save these children. We have to get the flute. Please stay calm. I promise we shall get out of this cave.”
Ariadne nodded. Jack went to the corridor, but suddenly turned back and gave Ariadne a hug. “I know you’re scared. I am sorry I dragged you into this.”
“You didn’t drag me. It was my decision,” she whispered, her arms around his neck.
“Thank you for coming with me. Now stay with the children. Don’t let them come out of the cage yet. I’ll be back soon.”
Jack slowly went into the corridor and moved ahead. Ariadne leaned against the bars and stared at the weakened fire that barely fought the obscurity.
“He said that the rats will wake up late at night,” said the boy.
Ariadne turned to the boy and patted his face. “What is your name?”
“Hans.”
“Don’t worry, Hans,” she whispered. “Jack will get us out of here.”
She looked at the children inside the cage and forced a smile to calm them and give them hope of survival.
None of them knew how much time had passed. Maybe not long, but each second seemed an hour for them, and those seconds were intolerable and scary. Ariadne saw a dozen small rats running before the entrance of the prison. She stood up and went closer to the bars. The rats were probably waking up and could appear at the entrance at any time.
After ten minutes, which Ariadne and the children spent in torturous suspense, Jack entered the prison. Everyone sighed with relief and stared at him.
“I found an exit,” he whispered. “It’s down the corridor. You have to go straight; don’t enter any other room. After a while you will feel the fresh air. It means the exit is near. I saw it; it’s a path that leads to the bridge. You will take the children to the village.”
“What about you? Aren’t you coming with us?”
“I have to get the flute.”
“Oh, Jack, please, do come with us,” Ariadne pleaded.
“We need the flute. That’s why we came here. I’ll get it, and you will take the children to their home.” Jack handed her a piece of a long stick he had brought with him. “Take this.”
Ariadne knew there was no sense in arguing with him. She also knew that they needed the flute and couldn’t go back with empty hands. She took the stick and watched Jack again disappearing in the dark corridor.
Ariadne approached the prison door. “Children, listen to me. We all shall get out of here, but we have to be very careful and keep quiet. Understood?” The children all nodded. “Now you shall come out one by one and then will follow me through the cave. But before we start, let me count you.”
While Ariadne was counting the children and explaining them what they needed to do, Jack had reached the Whistler’s room and carefully entered it, trying not to touch the enormous rat sleeping at the entrance. Jack looked at the Whistler’s ugly oval face, the big nose and half-open mouth with thin lips and long crooked teeth underneath. Making sure that the Whistler was sleeping, Jack slowly stretched his hand to the bedside table, where, under the pied hat, the flute was resting. He had almost reached the flute, when a female shriek sounded in the cave. Instantly, the Whistler opened his eyes, and seeing Jack near his bed, pounced at him. He squeezed Jack’s throat in his bony hands and pressed him against the wall. The Whistler opened his mouth, showing the sharp, crooked, yellowed teeth, and began screaming like a mad man, his voice harsh and piercing. Jack attempted to throw him away, but the bony, wrinkled hands were strong and agile. The Whistler bit Jack’s palm when the latter pressed it over the rat-man’s face, trying to push him back. Jack winced. The Whistler plunged his sharp teeth into the palm, deep into the flesh. His teeth were so sharp that they would have torn off half of his hand if Jack hadn’t pulled it out of the rat-man’s mouth.
The middle-sized rats appeared before the entrance. With their big yellow eyes, they were looking at the Whistler and Jack fighting for the flute. Soon the biggest ones would appear, and then both the fighters would be nothing but food for them. The rats growled, snarled, gave out the weirdest sounds along with the Whistler, who resembled his pets, with his sharp fingernails, menacing fangs, and chilling sounds coming out of his throat.
Whilst Jack was trying to steal the flute from the piper, Ariadne had faced a sheep-sized rat, which had woken up and entered the room with the children. The rat attacked Ariadne, and she, screaming at the top of her voice, tried to fight it with the stick. Hans opened the door of the cage, and Ariadne jumped inside, closing it a second before the rat managed to bite her. Another two rats entered the place and pounced on the cage, baring their teeth. They were huge, their claws long and their fangs deadly. They tried to squeeze in-between the bars and reach their food, but to the luck of the children, the rats, as fatal as they were, were only animals and couldn’t open the door of the cage. Instead, they were throwing themselves against the bars, hissing, scratching the iron with their claws, and sometimes getting into fights with each other. Now there were six of them, and so big the rats were, that there was no more room inside the cave.
“To the wall!” Ariadne yelled. “Stand right against the wall and don’t move!”
She tried to hit the rats through the iron bars and make them retreat, but her blows only infuriated the beasts. The children were now crying and trying to avoid the claws of the rats that were attempting to reach them and satisfy their hunger.
Then a beautiful tune reached their ears. The Whistler played his flute. The rats, as if by command, froze before the prison bars. Enchanted, they stood still, breathing heavily, then turned around and slowly walked out one by one. Ariadne didn’t hurry to open the cage, but seeing how the rats left them, and how another dozen smaller rats followed their comrades, she dared open the cage and step out. The tune was coming closer, the fire was almost gone, and she knew she had to act quickly and get the children out. But Jack, where was he? Ariadne carefully looked out of the prison room. She saw a figure coming towards her while playing the flute, and all the rats following him. But that was not the Whistler.
“Jack!” she sighed with relief. “Thank heavens.”
Jack stood a step away from her and continued playing the flute. The mellifluous tune kept the rats in order, charmed by the power of the music.
“Hans,” Ariadne called the boy. “Hurry up, we are leaving.”
While Jack stood in the corridor playing the flute, Ariadne told the children to hold hands and follow her. She took the torch from the wall and headed down the corridor, in search of fresh air. The children followed her, sobbing quietly. The older ones tried to calm their younger brothers and sisters with promises about getting out of the cave soon. Sometimes rats appeared on their way, but all of them, small or big, seemed hypnotized and heard nothing but the music, and none of the beasts touched the children. Menacing, ugly, big, they were passing right by the children, touching them with their soft, disgusting bodies and tails, but never did any of the rats look at those that were supposed to become food for them.
At last Ariadne sensed fresh air, and after some steps noticed the dim moonlight at the edge of the cave. As the music was following them, she knew that Jack was luring the rats outdoors. But she didn’t know what his plan was, and needed to take the children to a safe place as soon as possible, as their time was rapidly shortening. Ariadne got out of the cave and began helping the children out, counting each of them. When she counted the twenty-sixth child, she gave out a deep sigh of relief.
“We have to go back to the village,” she told them.
“I know the road,” Hans said. “Follow me.”
They all hurried down the hill and ran along the river.
“Faster!” Ariadne was telling them, holding the smallest child in her arms. “Faster, children! In a group, all in a group!”
They reached the long wooden bridge. Their village was on the other side. Ariadne told the children to cross the bridge while she stood at its edge and again began counting them. “One, two, three,” she was saying, while the children, in torn, dirty clothing, with bruised knees and elbows, were running fast before her eyes and heading to the village. “Twenty-five!” she said, looking around in agitation. “Twenty-five! Where is the last one?”
“She’s in your hands!” Hans yelled, standing on the bridge.
“Ohh,” Ariadne groaned. She stepped on the bridge and called the boy. “Hans, tell everyone in the village to lock the doors and not to come out. Take her,” she put the little girl into Hans’ hands. “You can make it now. I have to help Jack.”
“Look there!” Hans said, pointing to the hills. “He is taking them to the water.”
Ariadne turned around and saw Jack playing the flute and luring the rats into the water of the river. He was slowly walking backwards, and a long trail of rats, from big to small, was following him through the darkness. The moonlight illuminated their big, furry bodies moving slowly on their hind legs, obeying the hypnotizing tunes of the magic flute. Sometimes Jack would throw a quick glance behind to look at the road, for one small stone or lump might become a mortal obstacle. The first rat, the biggest one, would devour him instantly the moment he stopped the music.
“He is taking them to the river. He will drown them in the water,” Ariadne thought out loud. Then she saw how Jack entered the waters of the river, and the rats, one by one, followed him. “But he will drown too!” she exclaimed.
“There is a raft under the bridge,” Hans said.
Ariadne looked under the bridge and saw the raft with an oar. “Run home, dear boy,” she said, stroking the children's heads.
“Good luck,” Hans said, and hurried to the village, holding the little girl in his hands.
Ariadne went down the bridge, got on the raft, and began oaring hastily down the river. “Jack,” she called him, “Jack, over here! Come to my voice.”
He heard her. He couldn’t answer her, for stopping the music meant being torn apart by the rats the same way that the Whistler had been killed the very moment he dropped the flute and Jack picked it up. But he heard her voice and followed it. Ariadne reached Jack when he was inside the water up to his neck. The rats were still following Jack's music. The smaller ones had drowned already, but those that were huge had managed to keep their heads above the surface of the cold river, and the yellow eyes on their snouts stared at the flute and the musician that was leading them to their death.
“Get on the raft,” Ariadne said.
He knew he had one second and one attempt. Jack crawled on the raft, letting the flute down for just a second, but it was enough to create disarray inside the line of the rats. They hissed and pounced forward, but Jack, now sitting on the raft, his legs hanging down in the water, took the flute back to his lips. Under the rays of the silver moon, the lonely raft with two passengers floated across the river, luring the beasts deeper into the water, to their doom. Soon the last snout disappeared, but Jack didn’t stop the music for another minute, until he was sure that all of the rats had drowned. At last Jack put the flute down and turned to Ariadne.
“How are you?” he asked.
“Better.”
“You did a smart thing with the raft.”
“And you saved us all,” she said. 
Her eyes noted specks on Jack’s right hand. Ariadne carefully settled in the middle of the raft and took Jack by his wounded hand. “Your hand is seriously injured,” she said. “How could you play with such a deep wound?”
“I didn’t have much choice.”
Ariadne looked around, wondering what she could use as a bandage. She thought about her dress, but its edges were so dirty that it would cause nothing but infection to the wound.
“Don’t worry, it’s not bleeding anymore,” Jack calmed her.
Ariadne wanted to wash the palm in the water, but one glance at the surface of the dark river, with the bodies of the rats underneath, changed her mind. She knew they were dead, but her inner voice still warned her against touching the water. Their raft continued to float down the river, taking them into the forest. Soon they would reach the road that would lead them back to Hollow.
Jack gave Ariadne the flute, took the oar from her hand, and rowed to the forest. “Time to go back,” he said.


27. Travelers in Time

Electra and Eric were getting dressed for their upcoming adventure in the girls’ and Jack’s bedrooms respectively. Electra had laid clothing for Eric on Jack’s bed, which he was examining with interest and a little mistrust. His clothing consisted of an old-fashioned black tuxedo and trousers with braces, a white, laced shirt, turquoise vest and cravat, ivory gloves and a black top hat. Eric was sure he would look ridiculous in those garments, but what amused him most was the idea that he would again travel back in time. For the sake of an unheard-of adventure, he put on the clothing and looked into the mirror.
“Ridiculous.”
He hardly restrained his laughter, considering his looks hilarious. The medieval attire looked better than a classic black tuxedo and a top hat. Eric took off the tuxedo and the vest, unbuttoned the laced shirt, but changed his mind and didn’t take it off. He knew he was still going to wear it. He couldn’t go back to the 19th century in his regular clothes. Eric took the vest and tuxedo and left Jack’s room. A minute later he knocked on the door of Electra’s bedroom.
“Who is it?”
“The Bluebeard!” Eric called from behind the door.
“Come in.”
 Eric entered the room, and catching a glimpse of the girl before the cheval glass, froze, astounded. 
“Oh my,” he muttered at the sight of a long navy-blue dress made of silk brocade, decorated with rich lace. The hoopskirt under the dress not only gave it a lush, luxuriant look, but let the wraps of the dress occupy nearly half of the room. The décolleté of the dress was adorned with embroidery, and two white ribbons archly decorated the top of the dress, which left the neck and the shoulders totally bare.
“You are so beautiful,” Eric said, coming closer to his beloved and looking over her with unhidden admiration.
“Thank you,” she smiled, and reached her hands to his shirt. “You are not ready yet. We must hurry.” Electra began buttoning up Eric’s shirt.
“You are so beautiful,” he repeated. “Like a queen.”
“Cassie would be happy to hear that. She has made this dress for the annual ball that will take place in Ornshire in the near future. And mind you, she used the exact pictures of a royal lady wearing a similar dress.”
While Electra was buttoning his shirt, Eric threw his arms around her and embraced her.
“And you smell so tasty,” he said, leaning his head over her shoulder and taking a deep breath.
“Oh, my dear, I am happy that my scent delights you, but we really have to hurry. We can’t look for a flea box for the whole day.”
“One more second,” Eric said, resting his hands on her warm shoulders. He gently kissed her bare neck, then stepped back and again looked over Electra’s magnificent dress. “I don’t think I want you to go there looking so gorgeous.”
Electra chuckled.
“I mean it. You look so overwhelmingly beautiful. I’ll have to keep you close all the time, because everyone will stare at you, follow you, and all the men will flirt with you and will compliment you. I’m not sure I can tolerate that.”
Electra kissed him smack on the lips and put his vest over his shirt. “I promise you I will not accept any compliment,” she said teasingly. “And I will only concentrate on finding the flea box. Here, put this on.” She handed him the black tuxedo.
“I’ll look ridiculous in this.”
“No! You’ll look fine.”
“You can say that as many times as you wish, but I still won’t put on those silly gloves and that crazy hat!”
“Of course you will,” Electra smiled, then handed him the gloves. “No one appears in high society without gloves or hats.” With these words she took a pair of tiny blue gloves and put them on her hands. Eric had to do the same.
“Last time we traveled back in time, I didn’t have to get dressed so precisely.”
“Last time? Oh, you mean the night at the forest and the Bard? That’s not the same. The Bard is a timekeeper and can just take you anywhere, and how inconvenient it would be if you had worn your casual clothing. I’m afraid the medieval folk would have executed you instantly. Now put on the hat,” Electra said, and took a straw bonnet with a white band that had been lying on her bed, put it on, and tied the band into a bow under her chin. “Let’s go.”
They came out of the bedroom and walked upstairs by the helical stairs. The landing was familiar to Eric—he had been there once. He also recognized the door that Electra approached: it was the one with bright light and autumn trees behind. Electra put her hand on the handle.
“Listen, the room we shall enter will take us to another time. While I don’t think that much danger hides behind this door if we don’t go too far, there is still someone whom you should be aware of.” 
Eric listened to her attentively.
“There is a horseman; he is the Guardian of the portal. When we go inside he will rush at us, but you shouldn’t run. He does not exist.”
Eric remembered well the horseman that had scared him and forced him to jump out of the room. He was as real as anything behind that door. Electra noted the confusion on his face. “The horseman is there to protect the portal. It is very dangerous to go back in time—dangerous for the history. If you don’t know where you are going to, you might cause much harm. If you don’t know about the horseman, then you are not supposed to enter the place, and his revenge will be fatal. But if you know about him, then you also know that he has to be ignored. Don’t pay attention to him, and he won’t hurt you, understood?”
Eric nodded.
“Then let’s go.”
Electra pulled the handle and opened the door. Already a familiar bright light shone above the trees. Eric and Electra came out of an arbor door and stepped on the path that stretched between the trees and into the distance. Eric had only managed to look around the place, at the short leafy trees, the green grass, and the alley under the flowering branches of the trees, when the horseman appeared at the end of the path. He was wearing the same black clothing and was astride the black horse, which, obeying the command of its rider, darted forward towards the pair in a tuxedo and a blue dress.
“Keep walking.” Electra took Eric’s hand. “He does not exist.”
But how could he not exist, if he was approaching them with the highest speed, and now he had bared the long, shiny sword and had raised it in the air, aiming at the intruders? Eric could hear the sound of the horseshoes hitting on the road. They were getting nearer. He wasn’t looking at the horseman. He tried to keep his glance down to avoid meeting the rider face-to-face, but the sound of the horseshoes coming closer was alarming. They were walking straight towards the horseman. Eric raised his eyes and saw his black cloak. He immediately forced himself to look away, repeating in his mind that the rider wasn’t real, just an illusion, a flight of fancy. He does not exist, Eric reminded himself, does not exist. He squeezed Electra's hand tighter and walked towards the horseman, who reached them in a second and swung his sword.
Does not exist.
Eric looked up at the horse and the rider with the long sparkling blade. He swung the shiny weapon, which was now nothing but a dim smoke, just like the horseman, who had lost his consistency and was turning into a radiant fume, slowly dissolving in the air. A moment later both the horse and the rider were gone.
“Well done,” Electra praised Eric, and gently kissed his cheek. “You are more talented than I thought.”
“I almost … never mind. I’m glad he’s gone. Now tell me about this place. Where are we going?”
“Frankly? I don’t know. This park will eventually take us somewhere.”
“Somewhere?” Eric smirked.
“We are back in time, and now we need to find a more or less crowded place and see if any of the women has a flea box in her hair.”
“I can just imagine the look on her husband’s face if I try to take something from a woman’s hair.”
“Then look for a bachelorette.”
When they had crossed half of the park, a view of a big mansion opened before them, with horses and carriages in front of the building. With every step, the mansion grew bigger and spectacular due to its size, length, the Victorian design, and fabulous look. For Eric, the mansion seemed a beautiful painting that had stepped from a postcard and stood before him in its splendor, with the smooth, emerald lawn and old cedar trees and evergreens. The people in front of the mansion—men wearing tuxedos and top hats, and women in long brocade and taffeta dresses—were a curious addition to the historical view and left no room for doubt regarding their whereabouts—it was the 19th century, and the élite were attending a ball in the beautiful mansion.
“Do we need tickets?” Eric asked when they reached the wide stone stairs and joined the crowd of gentlemen and their ladies walking arm in arm to the entrance of the mansion.
“I think we look good enough to pass for aristocracy.” Electra folded her arm around Eric’s hand. With her other hand she took up the wrap of her long dress, and smiling at the doorkeeper, entered the luxuriant hallway. Eric's mouth dropped open at the sight of the painted hallway, at the view of the walls and ceiling depicting scenes from history, which were painted by the hands of the finest artists; at the look of the old fireplaces carved from ivory marble, the busts of Hellenic heroes, and the lustrous chandeliers. By the red-carpeted stairs with skillfully crafted handrails they went up into the ballroom, which was even more astounding in its magnificence and glow. Although the guests were still arriving, the ballroom was already full of dancing couples. The ladies, in the company of their cavaliers, wearing long, colorful dresses, floated across the spacious room like motley butterflies, and their jewelry shone under the bright lights of the grand chandeliers with hundreds of burning candles. While crossing the ballroom, Eric couldn’t help staring around: men in rich clothing were standing under the wall and talking loudly; the ladies with fans in their hands were sitting near their husbands, admiring the dancers and discussing them with each other while hiding half of their faces under their puffy fans, and the waiters were serving glasses of champagne and white wine to the guests. The ballroom was getting more crowded with every minute. More guests were filling the place; more dancers were appearing at the center of the room, spinning in waltz, polonaise, or quadrille.
“I am afraid, my dear Mrs. Potter, that their match was doomed from the very beginning,” Eric heard a stout old lady saying to her companion. “Annabelle’s father is a counselor, what were they thinking about?”
The old lady’s companion, a woman with the biggest diamond necklace Eric had ever seen, was quietly nodding in agreement.
“Eduard will take me on a long ride tomorrow!”
“Oh, isn’t that marvelous?”
“I wonder if we could join you too.”
Eric turned to the voices and saw a group of young girls in low-necked dresses made of muslin and silk passing near him and Electra. They were eagerly discussing some Eduard and laughing coquettishly.
“Any luck?” Electra asked.
“Sorry?” said Eric, still looking to his sides.
“Concentrate! Look at the ladies’ hair,” Electra said, then returned a smile to a middle-aged man with a thin moustache, who smiled at them and slightly bowed his head.
“Do you know him?”
“Let’s pretend that we do,” she said quietly into Eric’s ear, then pressed his hand. “Oh, look there, at the wall. Can you see the girl in the pink dress?”
“The one who’s talking to the man in the uniform?”
“Yes, her. I think she has a flea box in her hair,” Electra said, slowly walking towards the pair near the marble fireplace.
“Are you sure you saw a flea box in her hair? She seems so … clean.”
“She is clean,” Electra tittered.
“But she has lice! Poor man, he probably has no idea.”
“It’s not like his hair is deprived of lice! Maybe he’s lousy too,” Electra said under her breath. “Not only women have lice in their hair.”
“I suppose that feminism highly contradicts the era we are in now, so drop off your feminist attitudes, my dear,” Eric teased her.
“Better think of a way to get that box off her hair. I don’t think her cavalier will like it if we go too close.”
Pretending to be absorbed in conversation, Eric and Electra slowly went near the pair. When they were close enough, the host of the mansion announced that the musicians would soon rejoice the guests with a cheerful quadrille. The lady in pink and her cavalier, hand in hand, moved to the center of the dance floor.
“Ohh,” Electra said, disappointed, taking a few steps after the couple and standing in the middle of the room, thinking over a plan.
“Good day, mademoiselle,” someone said with a French accent. Turning to the voice, Electra saw a young, handsome man with a thin pointy moustache, his hand stretched to her. “Would you honor me with a dance?”
Electra’s mind instantly thought of a plan, and she gently put her hand over her cavalier’s palm. 

 “Merci15,” she said, walking to the center of the ballroom. She turned to Eric, who was standing with a disgruntled look against the wall, looking after her and her dance companion. Electra tried to explain something to him with her eyes and slightly moving her head, telling him to look around, but he didn’t understand what she meant. Then a tall, stately man, the host of the mansion, approached Eric, saying, “Young man, why won’t you invite the young lady for a dance? It’s not polite to let her stand there alone.”
Eric thought about protesting, then became confused, looked around, and saw a lonely girl standing nearby. Probably Electra was meaning the same thing as the host: that Eric needed to invite the young lady for a dance. While the host considered it his duty to help the young girls find cavaliers for the evening, Electra’s plan was that she and Eric would get the flea box during a dance.
The host grabbed Eric’s arm and walked him to the lonely girl. “Dear Miss Greta,” he said, approaching the girl. “Will you honor my young shy friend with a quadrille?”
Greta smiled at them. “Your friend, Mr. Osborne?”
Mr. Osborne looked at Eric, trying to remember his name. Seeing his puzzlement, Eric hurried to get out of the situation.
“Eric. Eric O’Brian, ma’am.”
“I would be delighted,” Greta said, putting her hand over Eric’s.
Eric took her to the center of the ballroom, wondering if he knew how to dance quadrille. “One step right, two steps left,” he was saying under his breath, realizing that he knew the dance well enough to dance it with his companion, though he had no idea how he knew the moves of the quadrille. When all the dancers had taken their places on the dance floor, the music started. Twenty pairs took hands and began the dance, which sometimes required the partners to trade their places and their companions. Every time Eric and Electra spun in the dance, they used those short seconds to discuss how they could get the flea box
“Comment trouvez-vous cette maison16?” Electra’s companion asked her when they circled in the center of the room.
 “Oh, elle est magnifique17,” she said, and the next moment she was holding hands with Eric. “Get ready,” she told him, “she’s coming near.”
Electra was right; the next lady to appear before Eric and take his hand was none other than the lady in pink, whose companion in uniform was now dancing with Electra. Eric held both of her hands and they floated in between the other pairs. Electra threw a quick glimpse at Eric, pointing at the hair of his companion, then smiled gently to the man who traded places with the officer. Eric’s pair changed, too, and Greta was back near him. Eric, now holding Greta by her waist, passed right behind the lady in pink, and at last noticed the flea box in her hair. A moment later she was gone; he didn’t even get a chance to stretch his hand towards her hair, and he wasn’t even sure he could do that without being noticed. The officer, who was now holding his lady by the hands, seemed totally infatuated with her, and wouldn’t tolerate any man disrespecting his lady like that. However, Eric needed to take the flea box off her hair. He made another attempt when the lady and Greta exchanged places, but again to no avail.
“She’s moving so quickly,” Electra said when she and Eric were again rejoined in front of each other, and began waltzing. “I almost got it once, but failed at the last moment.”
“I’m not sure we can get this thing off her hair while she’s dancing so enthusiastically.”
“One more attempt! She’s coming!”
The luxurious pink dress again appeared nearby. Eric could make the attempt, but the officer, though spinning in the dance with Greta, was not taking his eyes off the lady in pink. Eric sighed angrily.
“You seem concerned with something, Mr. O’Brian,” Greta, who had once again replaced the lady with the flea box, said. “Is my company so boring to you?”
“Oh, not at all,” Eric hurried to say, looking into her big brown eyes. Greta was young, fair, and resembled a gentle doe with big bright eyes and long thin neck. She was dancing elegantly, her moves were graceful, and her lips occasionally spread into a sly, coquettish smile. She hardly took her eyes off Eric, even when they would trade their partners, and frequently complimented his dancing when they again would find each other in the big hall.
When the music stopped, everyone was back with their original partners. Eric saw the lady in pink and the officer retreating to the edge of the ballroom. They headed to the refreshment room, for the lady seemed exhausted and was waving her fan enthusiastically, trying to gain some fresh air. Electra thanked the French gentleman and now was standing alone, waiting for Eric. Another gentleman came up to her, asking for a dance. Eric was going to approach his girlfriend, but for Greta’s sake he decided to linger a little. Then an idea came to his mind, and looking into Greta's bright eyes, Eric said, “Miss Greta, can I ask you something?”
Her lips opened in yet another wide smile, baring her even teeth. Being sure that he was going to ask her for one more dance, Greta nodded eagerly. “Yes, please, Mr. O’Brian.”
“I am sorry to ask this, but do you have a flea box in your hair?”
Greta’s already big eyes widened, then a look of disbelief passed across her face. She slapped Eric with her gloved hand and hurried away.
“I guess you deserved it,” Eric said to himself, covering his cheek with his palm. 
Puzzled, Electra approached him and asked, “What did you tell her?”
“Make a guess.”
Electra giggled. “Then that slap was well deserved.”
“Where is our lady? Is she going to dance again?” Eric looked around.
“I don’t know about her, but I have promised a dance to Mr. Ferguson, and another one to Sir Harry Goldsmith.”
Eric took Electra’s hand and led her to the corner of the room. “I thought we had come here after an important thing, not to dance?”
“I know, my dear, but it’s not polite to refuse.”
“It’s not like you are going to linger here for the rest of your life; no need to worry about politeness.”
“Follow that advice and that will not be the last slap you will receive this evening. These people are old-fashioned.”
“She’s coming back,” Eric said, catching a glimpse of the lady in pink coming out of the refreshment room, as always holding the hand of her cavalier.
“We need another plan,” Electra said.
Eric looked around the ballroom. There was the orchestra in the corner, an old piano, and marble statues of beautiful women and mighty warriors. Middle-aged ladies were sitting close to the fireplace and discussing anyone who would pass by. Young girls were standing in small groups and throwing glances into the corners of the room. A group of old gentlemen were enjoying glasses of cognac the waiter had served them. When his tray became empty, the waiter returned to a table with bottles and glasses at the end of the room. A sudden idea came to Eric. He observed the table with bottles of different sizes and with different drinks inside, then turned to Electra. “What do you think about a short performance?”
“A performance? Are you going to cite Hamlet’s monologue?”
“I have a better idea. I will distract them, and you will get the box off her hair, alright?”
Electra shrugged. “I’ll do my best.” She was going to ask Eric about his plan, when a young man approached her and asked to honor him with the promised mazurka.
While Electra was dancing, Eric crossed the ballroom and reached the table with the decanters and glasses. There were bottles of champagne, wine, brandy, and cognac, as well as sherbet punch in a big bowl with pieces of lemon and berries floating on the surface.
Noticing Eric near the stand, one of the waiters approached him and asked if he could be of help.
“Would you like to see a small show?” Eric asked him.
“I don’t know, sir,” the waiter sounded puzzled.
“What is your name, my friend?”
“Willie Stuart, sir.”
“Alright, Willie, go to the kitchen and bring me a jar and a couple of lemons.”
Willie Stuart looked at Eric with mistrust. “A jar, sir?”
“Yes, yes, a jar. And lemons. Now hurry up.”
When Willie left, Eric began organizing the bottles, decanters, and glasses in a convenient order so that he could easily grab them and put them back. When Willie came back with a jar and lemons and put them on the table, Eric told him to approach the musicians when the mazurka ended and to tell them to play something fast. Willie once again looked at him with suspicion, but Eric was insistent.
When the mazurka ended, Electra thanked her companion and tried to politely get rid of his presence so she could find Eric, but the gentleman kept following her and talking to her about the cold evening, the garden and the old cedar trees in front of the mansion, and the wonderful music, determined to cling to her for the rest of the evening. The gentleman was totally carried away by Electra, and meeting her for the first time, longed to know more of her and where else he could see her. Electra was answering in short sentences, deaf to his compliments and pleasantries, while staring around and trying to find Eric. The ballroom was too crowded now, especially the other part of the hall, where people had gathered and were attentively looking at something. Then the musicians played the trumpets, the orchestra began the music, and Rossini’s “William Tell Overture18” sounded in the hall. Guests headed to the end of the ballroom, where a group of men and women seemed to be witnessing an amusing scene, as they kept gasping and exclaiming, clapping and rejoicing, looking at each other and again back at the stand with the bottles. Their behavior tickled Electra’s and her companion’s curiosity. They walked towards the crowd, wondering what had stolen the guests’ attention. Coming closer, Electra noticed how something flew in the air, making the audience clap with all their might.
Was that a bottle?
She squeezed through the crowd and came upon an amusing scene: Eric was standing behind the table and performing barman tricks. To the loud sounds of the powerful and fast music he was throwing up the bottles with wine and champagne and catching them in the air.
“Oh!”
“Splendid!”
“Huh?!”
The people of the 19th century, having never seen anything like that before, stood with their mouths open and followed Eric’s every move while he juggled two, three, then four bottles simultaneously.
“Incredible!”
“Amazing!”
“Who is that?”
Now Eric was juggling with bottles, glasses, lemons, and the jar, which he used as a cocktail shaker, throwing the liquid out of it and back into the jar. The bottles were flying up, landing on his elbows, trading places, hopping on his knees, and miraculously appearing back on the table, receiving a hail of applause. The host of the mansion and his wife, as well as all the guests who had appeared on the front row, couldn’t suppress exclamations when Eric poured different beverages into a stemmed glass, then burnt the surface with a candle, letting blue flames burst out of the glass. Willie, who was told to stand nearby and assist Eric with bottles and decanters—and who later would spend sleepless nights trying to repeat the barman tricks—breaking bottles and decanters—took the glasses with cocktails. Following Eric’s signs, he handed them to people from the audience, including the host Mr. Osborne, who tasted the previously burning cocktail with both suspicion and anticipation then turned to his guests and friends and laughed heartily, for he loved the taste of the hitherto unknown drink.
More people on the first row were receiving glasses with cocktails, while those behind made guesses about the young man’s kin, and marveled at how masterfully and skilfully he was throwing the bottles into the air and catching them right before they landed on the floor and broke into smithereens. 
Electra recalled what Eric had told her, and began looking for the lady in pink, at the same time looking into the hair of other women, hoping to find a flea box. To her luck, no one paid attention to her, the barman behind the table had stolen all the attention with his deft hands and nimble moves. There she was, the lady in pink, standing in the group of young ladies who gasped every time the bottles flew in the air or landed into Eric's hands.
“Find out his name,” one of the girls was telling the other.
“How incredible!”
“Who is this fellow?”
“Oh!”
“I have never seen someone as agile as this young man!”
Electra grinned. They could talk about him as much as they wished, but once she got what she needed, she was taking her boyfriend back with her. At last she reached the hair of the lady in pink and imperceptibly took out the flea box. She had just taken a few steps back when the music stopped. Eric put the decanter on the table and sighed with relief. No broken bottles. In a second he was surrounded by dozens of guests eager to find out his name, position, and if he would be kind enough to attend the upcoming balls. Eric was literally stuck in the noisy crowd, receiving praises and congratulations, not managing to answer one question and instantly being hailed by dozens of other queries.
“Thank you. Thank you. Thanks a lot,” he was saying, and slowly making his way to the exit, at the same time looking for Electra in the crowd.
“I have it. Time to go,” she said, appearing out of nowhere right next to him and taking him by the hand.
“Will you honor us with your presence at the Memberly Hall?”
“Can we hope to see you again in Davonshire?”
“Are you the nephew of dear Mr. Rochester? Pass him my sincere greetings.”
Eric and Electra at last squeezed into the hallway, still chased by curious masses begging for a visit, an audience, sending their regards to Eric's possible relatives, and sharing their hope to see him at the next ball at Flowercourt, or Eagleshire, or at the Regent's Court.
“Thank you. Yes, sure, I will be there. Nice to meet you, too. Thank you,” Eric was saying to the unfamiliar faces springing before him all the way across the hallway while he hurried downstairs with Electra. In the end they managed to get out of the mansion and ran down the garden, which was now enveloped in darkness, as the cold night had replaced the cool evening, and the glittering stars were their only guides on their way back.
“I forgot the gloves and the tuxedo,” Eric said when they reached the path that should take them back to the door in the blue castle.
“Never mind. What you did there was incredible! Where did you learn it from?” Electra was exclaiming with excitement.
“From my cousin. He taught me the tricks while he was staying at my house. I have to admit this was the first time I didn’t break anything.”
“That was spectacular! Incredible!” Electra couldn’t find the words to describe her amusement. “You have to do that again for our friends. They will love it.”
They walked down the path.
“Maybe I will,” Eric said. He heard a thunderclap. Lightning struck in the dark sky, illuminating the peaks of the trees on their path. “What about the horseman? Will he appear again?”
“Not when we are going back.”
Eric held Electra’s hand when they reached the door and dragged her closer to him.
“What is it?” she smiled.
“I thought I should kiss you in the 19th century.”
Electra only managed a chuckle.
28. The Last Candle

“And now what?”
“I don’t know.”
“What are we going to do?”
“I don’t know.”
Cassandra and Medea were standing in front of a painting in the museum situated on the third floor of the public library, where they had stepped through the mirror in their castle. The girls raised their lanterns and shed light on the painting, which was supposed to depict the boy in the nightgown going up the stone stairs of a tower. They could see the grey-bricked walls, the helical stairs and the arched window with the half-moon outside, but they couldn’t see the boy in the painting. He was gone.
“So where is he?” Medea asked.
“I have no idea. I remember this painting. There has to be a boy inside it.”
“Maybe there is another painting?”
“Maybe,” Cassandra said dubiously.
They turned and looked at the opposite wall with other paintings. The girls passed by museum artefacts—ancient jewelry items, clay jars, daggers in golden scabbards, and small figures of animals carved from bones or wood. The opposite wall was hung with tribal masks and gobelin tapestries, as well as oil paintings with maple frames that belonged to the brushes of artists who had lived centuries ago. The missing boy was in none of those paintings.
“Which of these candles do we need?” Hector entered the room. He, too, was holding a lantern in his hand, which he raised to look at something near the wall. It was a long iron candelabrum with six half-burnt red candles.
“The one that belongs to the boy from the painting,” Cassandra said, and walked to Hector. Passing near artefacts under glass stands, she noticed another candle. It was a big white figure of a woman with a wick coming out of her head. Cassandra was examining the candle when Medea, standing in front of a cabinet with glass doors, quietly called her and Hector.
“Look over here,” Medea whispered. “There are dozens of candles here.”
“Maybe we could take one of those candles?” Hector asked.
“We need the boy’s candle, and we need to find either him or at least his candle,” Cassandra said.
“Stupid boy,” Medea muttered, looking at the dozens of candles inside the cabinets, on the shelves, on the stands, and on the chandeliers. They were big and small, white and colorful, long and short, thin and thick; some of them were figures of lovers kissing, archers shooting, deer, horses, balls, hands with five fingers with wicks for the nails, or just beautiful entwined figures of wax.
“So many candles,” Cassandra said, examining them and looking at the other oil paintings of landscapes, abandoned houses, and castle ruins. The museum hall was big and dark; the three lanterns in the hands of the young people shone with a glittering light like fireflies in the depth of the night. When Cassandra was attentively looking at a candle in the form of the Indian god Shiva with four waxen hands, she heard a voice behind her. It seemed to her that someone laughed behind her back and ran away. Cassandra instantly turned around.
Nothing. Only an oil painting enshrouded in darkness. She looked carefully at the castle ruins, which were lying on the painted grass and gleaming under the moonlight. Was it a flight of fancy, or did she really see a momentary flash of light behind the fallen arch? Cassandra looked more closely but saw nothing.
Medea came upon her, holding her lantern in front of her face. “I looked at all the other paintings. That silly boy is gone. I don’t even know where he can be. How shall we find him?”
“There might be other paintings.”
“He’s in none of them,” Hector said, coming near the sisters. “I looked at all the paintings in the two neighboring rooms. He’s gone.”
They stood in silence, thinking about the boy with the candle and his whereabouts. Suddenly the laughter sounded again, this time from the corner of the hall.
“Did you hear that?” Medea asked.
“You heard it, too? I thought it was my imagination playing tricks in the dark.”
“Wait here.” Hector went to the corner from where the voice had come. It was empty.
Cassandra and Medea were standing by the wall, tightly holding hands. Something or someone ran right beside them and touched the hem of Medea's dress. She jumped up and turned to Cassandra. “Did you feel that? What was that?”
“I don’t know.”
“Light the candles! I need more light,” Medea almost cried.
“Easy, girl.” Hector hurried to them. “The guard is sleeping in the room next door. Do you want to wake him up?”
“I don’t care if it’s the guard or De Roy himself. Something is creeping in the dark and scaring me to death.”
“Come here.” Hector took her by the hand. “Don’t be afraid. There is nothing in the dark.”
“Tee-hee,” they heard again from the darkest corner of the museum hall. Then a quick gleam appeared on the wall. They all looked at the small trail of light heading farther and farther into the wall, like a will-o'-the-wisp luring them into the dark.
“What is that?”
“A painting,” Hector whispered. “He’s in the painting and moving farther inside.”
“Well let’s go get him!”
Hector held Medea’s hand when she was about to run after the light.
“Wait. It could be dangerous.”
“Oh, stop it, Hector. A small boy from a painting can’t scare me.”
“But he has been doing just that for the past fifteen minutes.” Hector raised his lantern and cast the light on her face. “I thought you were the one asking for light.”
Medea had nothing to retort with. She hadn’t realized that the creature laughing in the dark, teasing and taunting her, was the boy from the painting. Then she chuckled. “So it’s just the antics of a silly little boy,” she muttered. “I’ll get him in a moment.”
Cassandra had slowly made her way to the other side of the hall, and was now standing in front of a big oval painting and watching it without blinking. Hector told Medea not to move and approached Cassandra. “What is it?”
“Hush,” she whispered, and pointed to the tree in the painting. “He is behind the tree,” she said in a low voice.
“Are you sure?”
“Yes.”
Hector looked at the old oak in the painting, surrounded by the ramparts of a destroyed stronghold. It was a dark painting; the black and blue colors prevailed, and the bark of the tree was half-hidden in the obscurity of the night. Watching the oak carefully for some seconds, Hector noted a dim light behind the bark—the light was gleaming like the fire of a candle when a breeze blows and touches the vague flame.
“Shall we go after the candle?” he asked, but Cassandra shook her head.
“We won’t succeed. He will escape into another painting. He knows these places better, for he goes from painting to painting every night—” Medea gave out a low cry and hurried to her sister. “And sometimes comes out,” Cassandra finished.
“I don’t know what that waggish boy wants from me, but if I catch him tonight, I will choke him with my bare hands!”
All three looked at the corner where Medea was standing a second ago, and saw a glittering light quickly passing under the wall and disappearing in the middle of the hall. Cassandra and Hector looked back at the oak tree—the light was gone.
“He’s moving too quickly, the little rascal!”
“Calm down, Medea, he won’t harm you.”
“I’m calm, Cass, it’s his manners that creep me out. He crawls so smoothly in the dark, like a ghost. And that squeaky voice is so—”
The low laughter sounded again, this time coming from somewhere in the center, behind the stands with artefacts.
“He’s taunting us!” uttered Medea, and ran into the center of the hall.
“Medea, wait, don’t run.” Cassandra hurried after her sister.
“Girls, quiet!”
But Medea couldn’t keep quiet. She was now running between the glass stands in the middle of the hall, hitting them with her lantern and making so much noise that it was a matter of time until the museum guard woke up and discovered them.
“He won’t get away from me!” Medea exclaimed when Cassandra caught up with her and made her stop.
“We can’t catch him that way. He knows this hall and all the paintings inside out. We need a plan.”
Hector put his lantern on the stand and looked at his two companions. “First of all, stop making so much noise.” Medea wanted to protest, but Hector bid her to stop, pressing his finger to her lips. “Secondly, there are eleven paintings in this hall big enough to let him travel through them right under our noses. Even if each of us stands in a corner, hoping to get the candle, the chances that we shall miss him are high.”
“I would say that maybe we need to come back tomorrow with Jack, Electra, and the rest, but I want to get that candle today, and choke that rascal while we’re at it,” Medea said.
“We’re here already, we shouldn’t wait for tomorrow.”
“And you’re not going to choke anyone,” Cassandra said, then thinking a little, added, “We need to make him stay in the painting long enough so that we can take the candle.”
“We need to catch him,” said Medea, and looked around. “I will stand in that corner. If he comes through here I’ll catch him.”
She went into the corner of the hall, holding the lantern high above, and looked into one of the paintings, hoping to see the boy, but he wasn’t inside it.
Cassandra turned to Hector. She shook her head in despair, meaning that it wasn’t going to work, but still went to the other corner and looked around. The boy was nowhere near.
Hector heard footsteps somewhere in the dark. He went ahead, into the center of the hall, and stopped near a cabinet with medieval exhibits of armor pieces and shields with coats of arms. Someone hastily ran behind him. Hector quickly turned around, shed light on the floor, but saw no one. If it was the boy, then he was moving too fast.
“There he is!” Medea said, and hurried to the effigies and dummies of knights in armor, maidens in long dresses, funny clowns, and scary witches. She bent down and looked under the hems of the cloaks of the figures and behind them.
“He was here a second ago,” she said when Hector and Cassandra approached her. “I saw the light.”
Medea stood up and, facing a dummy of a longhaired Viking looking right into her face with glassy eyes, gave out a low cry.
“Will you please stop making so much noise?” Cassandra rebuked her. “The guard will wake up!”
“But this Viking is the creepiest of all the Vikings I have ever seen!”
“He won’t hurt you; he’s just a dummy.”
“As if we have never made dummies come to life,” Medea snorted, and walked away from the Viking, moving further into the hall. “Come out,” she was whispering while passing near the paintings. “Don’t be afraid. Just come out and give me that candle!” With every second her voice was becoming harsher and angrier. She was losing her patience and was thinking about how gladly she would choke the boy if she caught him.
“This won’t work,” Cassandra told Hector.
“I know. But we need the candle. We have to catch him and get it.”
For another thirty minutes they searched the big hall, looked inside every corner, under every stand, near the big wooden globes, but the boy wasn’t anywhere. They could still hear his low laughter, the sound of his footsteps, but as a dweller of the museum, he knew the place by heart and easily moved in the dark, passing between every obstacle and avoiding them with no trouble.
“Argh! This is silly,” Medea said, going to her sister. “We won’t catch him this way.”
“She’s right,” Hector added, approaching the girls. “We need to think over a plan to make him stay in the painting.”
“How can we do that if that boy never stays in the same place more than a second?”
“Oh, but it’s obvious!” Cassandra suddenly said.
Medea and Hector looked at her in anticipation.
“I have seen that painting before. Here, in the museum. The boy was always there. Why? Just because he has to be there—it’s his right place. He can’t go for a walk while there are visitors.”
“Oh, right!” Medea exclaimed, and was instantly reminded to keep quiet. “Right,” she whispered, “He’s just an exhibit. A museum piece. And he has to go back when the visitors come.”
“And when do the visitors come?” Hector’s question was more rhetorical than inquiring.
“Surely not at night,” Cassandra said.
“Thus, we have to convince him that it’s morning already.”
They became silent, thought for a minute, looked around, and suddenly it dawned upon them.
“Candles!” all three said simultaneously.
Cassandra snapped her fingers, and the closest candle, the big red dwarf in a conical hat, lit up.
“Hurry up, light up all of them,” Hector said.
While Cassandra went to every candle she saw and snapped her fingers, Hector and Medea were lighting the rest with a box of matches. One after another the hundreds of candle figures—stars, triangles, flowers, animals, and skulls, were lit up, filling the recently obscure hall with light that grew bigger and brighter. When Medea turned around to find any other candles that hadn’t been lit up yet, her gaze fell upon the painting of the tower with the boy inside it.
“We fooled him!” she exclaimed, then quickly put her palms over her mouth, but her voice managed to echo in the hall and pass into the corridor.
“Hurry up, get the candle!” Hector said. “We don’t have much time.”
Medea threw herself at the painting and made another exclamation full of anger and despair. “There’s a glass over the painting!”
“A glass?” Cassandra came up to her and touched the surface of the painting, though in the bright candlelight the glass was clearly visible.
“Why is there a glass?”
“I think it’s obvious: to prevent the boy from getting out, only the one who put the glass over the painting didn’t consider that he would find the way out through the other paintings.”
“We have to break it,” Medea said in a hurry, looking for a suitable tool in the hall. “Here, take this, Hector,” she said, standing near one of the stands with the exhibits. “McMadicus’ sledgehammer,” she read on the plate.
“We can’t break it. Too much noise.”
“It’s too late,” Cassandra said, “the guard is up.”
She took Hector by the hand and dragged him after her, on her way telling Medea, who was standing at the opposite wall, to hide. They had just turned off their lanterns and hid behind the stands and cabinets when the half-asleep guard entered the hall.
“What in thunder?” he murmured. “Who … how?”
He turned around and ran out of the hall.
“He went after a comrade in the library,” Hector said. “We have to get out of here.”
“Not without the candle.” Medea ran to the glass and hit it with her fists. It didn’t break.
“Stop it,” Cassandra said. “There is another chance. It might work. We need to find a similar candle. If he comes out every night, it means his candle melts away, and he has to take a new one from here. Now find the one which looks exactly like the candle in his candlestick.”
They looked at the painting of the boy. The candle in his candlestick was white, thick, and with carved patterns. They began hastily looking for a similar one in the big hall full of hundreds of burning candles.
“Not this one. Not this one. Not this one,” Medea was repeating after passing by every burning candle. Hector and Cassandra, studying opposite walls, were looking inside the cabinets, on the candelabrums, near the stands, but none of the candles were similar to the one in the painting.
“Don’t forget to blow the candles out,” Hector said.
They began blowing out the candles, and the big hall gradually returned to darkness. Inside the dusk, the youngsters looked around. There was only one candle left on the top of a shelf.
“There it is; the last candle.” Hector stepped towards the shelf. When he reached it, they heard footsteps approaching the hall, then voices.
“I swear all the candles were burning.”
“Did you examine the hall?”
“No. I hurried after you.”
“You got scared, didn’t you, Fred?”
“Of course I did. This place becomes so chillsome at night.”
The intruders turned off their lanterns and hid inside the hall. Standing behind the shelf, Hector reached out and took the last candle, blew it out, pressed it against his shirt, and buttoned his vest upon it.
The two guards entered the dark hall and looked around.
“And where is your light?”
“I swear the candles were burning.”
“How smart it was to not even take lanterns,” the guard chided his comrade. They looked around the dark hall, scared to move.
“Shall I get the lanterns?”
“No time. Better draw the curtains. If there is someone here, the moonlight will be enough for us to see them.”
While the guards slowly moved to the high windows with the thick curtains over them, the girls were hastily crawling behind their backs. In the dark Cassandra had to rely on Medea’s good eyesight, for she was like a blind mouse trying to feel her way out into the corridor. Medea dragged her sister to the wall, were Hector was waiting for them. They only had to make a few more steps, and their venture would have a successful ending.
The guards drew the curtains aside. The moonlight illumined the big hall, and they searched it from a corner to a corner, but no one was inside. The intruders had already sneaked out of the hall, and were now going back to the castle through the mirror in the library room.
29. The Fountain Riddle

At night, when the square was empty and silent, and a blue mist had fallen over the town, three girls and three fellows met at the bronze fountain. Enshrouded in the torpor of the fog, it stood abandoned and ignored, covered with dust and the remnants of dried leaves. The town was asleep—thoroughfares were quiet, shops and stores were closed, no soul was in the streets, and no light was burning but the dim crescent in the misty sky. Everything was calm, as if foretelling an upcoming storm.
“Let’s see them,” Jack said. He put the flute on the pool of the fountain. The white candle and the flea box appeared near it.
“So here they are,” Jack said, “all three missing parts.”
“I hope it will work,” Electra said.
“We shall see right now.” Jack took the flute and stood up near the Whistler’s tall bronze figure. Though it didn’t look much like the one he had faced in the cave, it still made him recollect the dreadful events inside the cavern. Jack put the flute inside the Whistler's empty fingers in front of his face.
A click sounded.
Everyone exchanged glances. Jack looked at Eric, bidding him to put the flea box into its place. Eric approached the lady’s figure from behind and, casting a light from a lantern onto her hair, put the flea box inside the small hollow. 
Another click sounded. 
Now everyone looked at Hector, who carefully put the candle into the candlestick of the bronze figure in a nightgown and nightcap. They heard the third click.
Nothing.
All six sighed with disappointment. Nothing happened. They looked into the fountain’s pool, cast the lanterns’ light inside, but there was no key.
“Not working.” Jack came down the fountain.
“I had so much hope,” muttered Electra. “What shall we do now?”
“No idea.” Eric shook his head, then came down the fountain and stood next to her.
“This is ridiculous,” said Hector. “We undertook all those dangerous adventures for nothing! There is no key. We must have missed something, some clue.” He got down the fountain and looked at his friends. “We need to conduct another search in the library.”
He had just made the proposal when something inside the fountain clicked again, then a noise sounded deep down, like some mechanism, or rather gears moving. Everyone took a step back and looked at the fountain in anticipation. The figure of the Whistler moved—first slowly, but soon its speed gradually improved. The lady's figure was the second to start moving, and a moment later the boy budged, too. All three statues moved towards each other and formed one big composition, with the Whistler and the lady standing close to each other and the little boy at their feet. While they were moving no one said a word; everyone was looking at the statues with their mouths agape and eyes wide. When the statues ended their route and stopped close to each other, a much louder noise sounded inside the fountain. The boys went closer and looked into the pool. In a second, water gushed from the holes around the pool, as well as the Whistler's flute. Jack took the lantern from Cassandra and cast the light on the statue, then on the holes with the gushing water, which was at first dirty and rust-colored, but after some time became clean, even sparkling.
“Unbelievable,” whispered Ariadne. “I have never seen this fountain working.”
“It’s beautiful,” said Cassandra.
“Very beautiful,” Electra agreed.
“And where is the key?” Eric bowed to the pool and hesitantly lowered his hand inside the water. Electra wanted to protest, but seeing that nothing happened to Eric, kept silent. Jack and Hector put their hands inside the water, too, trying to feel the key inside.
“Anything?” Ariadne asked.
Eric’s hand was now inside the water up to his shoulder, but he still couldn’t feel the bottom of the pool. With suspicion he looked at Jack and Hector. “Can you feel anything?” 
They shook their heads. Eric stood up, looked around, then took one of the lanterns and began searching for something on the road and under the trees.
“What is he doing?” Ariadne asked.
“Looking for a stick,” Jack replied.
Eric came back to the fountain, carrying a long branch. He lowered it into the water to feel the bottom, but the branch went down all the way of its length and still didn’t hit anything hard. The pool seemed bottomless.
“How is this even possible?” Eric asked, taking the branch out. “There was a bottom when it was empty.”
“Oh,” Electra said suddenly. “Could it be that this once was a Fountain of Desire?”
“So what?” Eric asked.
“There is a legend about the Fountains of Desire,” Cassandra answered instead of her sister. “People were throwing coins into them for years, decades, even centuries. The spirits to whom those gifts were meant for would sometimes create portals, and all the coins would go deep down, into their habitats, where they would be collected by the spirits or mermaids. That’s all I have heard about the Fountains of Desire.”
The story and the revelation didn’t bring much comfort. Having wished to get the key as soon as possible, the boys hadn’t been prepared for it to be a task as hard as obtaining all the missing parts of the fountain.
“Why does it have to be so difficult?” Jack muttered under his breath, sitting on the fountain and taking off his shoes.
“What are you doing?” his sisters asked him.
“I’ll go down there.”
“No!” Electra exclaimed. “It could be dangerous.”
“As if the rest hasn’t been dangerous already. We can’t stop almost at the end.”
“He’s right,” Hector said, and began taking off his shoes too.
“Wait, Hec. I don’t think it’s necessary for you to come.”
“Jack, it’s dark down there. Maybe we need to wait till the morning?” Eric suggested.
“In the morning, this square will be full of people. How shall I dive into the fountain in front of them?”
Jack took off his watch and the chain he carried around his neck and gave them to Ariadne to hold. “I won’t be long,” he said, sitting on the edge of the fountain and hanging his legs down into the water. “Brrr, it’s cold.”
Under the worried glances of his sisters and Ariadne, who was tightly holding his watch and chain, Jack dived into the water.
“This is a bad idea,” Cassandra said. “We shouldn’t have let him do this.”
“As if he ever listens,” Hector said.
The young people were standing around the fountain, not taking their eyes off it, and now and then looking at their watches. Jack had been gone for five minutes, but those five minutes seemed an eternity to them.
“How can he be underwater for five minutes?” Ariadne asked. “That’s too long!”
“He’s a good swimmer,” Hector said.
“It doesn’t matter; he has been underwater for five minutes!” Ariadne’s voice was betraying her disquiet.
“She’s right,” Electra said. “He has been gone for too long.”
“What if he drowned?” Cassandra said tearfully.
Hector took off his vest and sat down on the pool of the fountain. “I’ll go after him.”
The girls were silent. None of them knew what to say. They didn’t want Hector to dive into the water, but the concern and worry for Jack was strong. They hoped that Hector might find him and bring him back.
“If you don’t come back in two minutes, I’m coming after you,” Eric told Hector. The latter nodded and dived after Jack.
One minute passed. Then passed the second. Everyone was leaning on the pool of the fountain and now and then looking at their watches with anticipation, but neither Jack nor Hector returned. After the second minute Eric began taking off his sneakers. Electra went to him, nervous and worried, not knowing what to say or what to do. She hated the idea that he was going to dive into the fountain, but she knew he would do it nevertheless. Besides, the anxiety over Jack and Hector was unbearable. Their hearts were beating in agony at the idea that the boys might have drowned.
“We shouldn’t have done this,” she could only mutter. “Why did we let them dive?”
Eric took her by the hand. “Don’t worry, we shall be back. All of us.”
“Be careful,” Electra told him.
Eric dived into the water. Jack was right—it was cold. And it was dark. For a moment it reminded Eric of the lake and the mermaid that had dragged him down into the dark water, but there were no mermaids in the fountain, just cold water which had no end. Eric swam down, hoping to reach the bottom, find his friends, and take them back with him, but the pool was a bottomless abyss. He knew he couldn’t hold his breath forever and had to plan the one hundred seconds he could stay underwater. Eric was going to spend one-half going down and the other half coming up to breathe some air and if necessary dive again, but when he had counted to fifty he saw a glimmer in the dark abyss. The choice was either going back to take a breath or to keep diving. He chose the second option. If Jack and Hector hadn’t come back, then they might have found something. He refused to believe they had drowned, and kept going down after the glimmer.
After another ten seconds Eric dived into an illuminated room. It was light and bright. The walls were white, the curtains over the windows transparent, and a chandelier hanging right from the aquatic ceiling was burning with all twenty bulbs. The place, bleached in light, astounded Eric, but he had no time to look around and be amazed by the room underwater with white furniture, pier with a jewellery box, and thousands of coins covering the floor. Eric swam through the open door and emerged in another chamber with an open French window through which Hector was swimming back into the room. Seeing Eric, he pointed to the window. Eric was barely holding his breath. Hoping that Hector was sending him somewhere with air, he hastily swam through the French window, entering a beautiful underwater garden with flowers he had never seen before and iridescent corals with long tentacles in the most amazing forms and colors. Eric swam above the multicolored corals that resembled pinkish tree branches and yellow sunflowers, transparent green mushrooms and hundreds of embroidered blue petals. Growing close to each other, they had formed a colorful palace inhabited with tiny dappled fish and multihued sea stars. Eric had never seen so many colors grouped together. He could spend hours admiring the undersea magnificence if he hadn’t urgently needed air. Eric looked around then swam up, as does anyone who is underwater and needs air. His head came above the water and he at last took a deep breath.
“Strange place, huh?” Eric heard behind. He turned around and saw Jack. Eric then looked up, only to see cloudless blue sky and the sun setting on the horizon.
“Where are we?”
“In the sea, I suppose.”
“In the sea? Good heavens!”
“Or maybe in the ocean. No idea,” Jack said, barely holding back laughter. “Unbelievable, right?”
“A fountain that leads into the sea!” Eric looked around, and a quick rush of extreme fear squeezed his heart. He was in the middle of a sea, so far from land, from solid ground. The fear increased when a couple of albatrosses flew in the distance. The water was endless. No land, not even mountains were in sight, only cold, blue water sparkling under the vanishing sunlight and the smooth sky above.
“Eric, look there!” Jack exclaimed, pointing into the distance, where a pod of dolphins was swimming and leaping on the surface of the waves.
“Dolphins,” Eric smiled. “Amazing.” He stared at the water acrobats jumping and hopping among the waves, communicating with each other through their beautiful game and voices, and splashing into the clean blue water.
Hector’s head appeared near Eric’s; he had come after air.
“Would you like me to bring you some tea?” he jested. “Or shall we try to find the key?”
“Are you sure it’s here?” Eric asked.
“No, but it might be in those rooms. Come, let’s bring the matter to an end. We can’t stay long in the open sea.” Jack dived into the water.
“Is that a ship?” Eric asked, still looking into the horizon and pointing at a dark speck on the waves, moving slowly and going farther into the distance.
“I guess so,” Hector said.
“It doesn’t look like a modern yacht,” Eric said, distinguishing the wide black sails.
“It doesn’t have to,” his friend said, then added, “Don’t stay long here. You might become food for sharks.”
Eric hated sharks. He had heard lots of stories about their attacks in his hometown and had no wish to meet them in Hollow or wherever he was now. When Hector dived, Eric followed him. While he was passing through the coral garden, a shoal of Flame Angel fish swam under his feet, then whirled around him with their small orange bodies, hastily moving their fins. After circling around Eric, showing off their beauty and receiving his admiration, the fish left him and swam into the room with coins where Hector and Jack were looking for the key while trying to avoid touching the spiny sea urchins and the yellow jellyfish. The fellows searched the room, looking under the furniture, behind the curtains, and inside the drawers, then going back into the open sea after some air and coming back to the room, followed by another school of colorful fish.
While they were underwater, the girls, standing at the fountain, were arguing over who had to dive next. Electra was saying that she had to do it, as she was the eldest, but Cassandra and Ariadne did not consider the age difference of just a few months a reason enough to be the next diver. 
“I am a better swimmer,” she said. “I need to go there and find them.”
“No, I’ll go,” Cassandra said. “If there is some animal, it won’t touch me.”
“Why would there be an animal?” Ariadne asked.
“Who knows what might be there,” Cassandra said.
“That’s why I shall go. After meeting sheep-sized rats, I’m not afraid of any animal.”
“Alright, girls, we can’t stand idle and go on arguing. I am diving.”
Electra sat down on the edge of the fountain, hardly holding back the tears and trying to soothe her unsteady heart. Her hands were trembling while she took off her shoes. Twenty minutes had passed since Eric had dived into the fountain. All three knew that no one could stay underwater for so long. Electra lowered her legs into the cold water and looked down. What is inside the fountain? she thought. What has happened to them?
“Please don’t do that, El,” Cassandra pleaded. “We need to call for help. I’ll go home and call Uncle.”
Electra shook her head. She was about to jump into the water when Eric’s head appeared on the surface in front of her. He took a deep breath and swept the water off his face with both hands.
“Eric!” Electra cried out, and jumped into the water, right into his arms. “You’re alive!” she said, hugging him.
Next Hector came out of the water, and just like Eric, took a deep breath. Cassandra ran up to him and stretched her hand to Hector. He held onto the grip and pulled himself out of the pool.
“Phew, we did it,” Hector said with relief. “Go, help him out,” he told Ariadne, who hurried to the pool and looked into it with expectation. Then a hand came out of the water, holding a big silver key. Ariadne leant forward and grabbed Jack’s hand. His wet face appeared on the surface.
“Did anyone ask for a key delivery?” he said with a smile.
“You found it!” Electra said, still holding onto Eric in the water.
“Yes, though it took a while. It was in the last drawer of the pier,” Eric said, then gave a wide, round coin to Electra. “I got a talisman for you.”
“A drawer? What drawer?” she asked, taking the coin and examining it with interest.
“We’ll have time to talk about it later,” Jack said, getting out of the pool. “Now let’s go home and get dry before anyone sees us.”
“But why don’t we go to the cave right now?” Electra asked. “And lock the door.”
“Because the lamia is not there now,” Jack said. “She is lurking around the town, and will be back in the cave before the first rays of the sun appear on the horizon. We’ll go to the cave at the crack of dawn and will lock the door after she hides behind it.”
Jack took his chain from Ariadne and hung it around his neck. “Oh, and by the way.” He looked at the girls. “You’re not coming.”
“No!”
“Of course we are!”
“You can’t forbid us!”
“Girls, please, for once in your lives do as I say and stay away from the cave tomorrow.”
“He’s right. You don’t have to come to the cave, it could be dangerous,” Eric said.
“So what?” Electra was adamant. “We have been with you all this time. We shall not leave you at the end. You shouldn’t face that creature alone.”
“Please, Elie—”
“No,” she interrupted Eric. “We are coming with you.”
“Alright,” Jack said, knowing that arguing with them was a waste of time. “We shall meet at the cave at six o’clock in the morning.
Electra and Eric, wet from head to feet, had to say goodbye to each other, for they had to go in different directions. Eric tried to once again persuade her to not enter the cave, but Electra wasn’t going to yield. While they were talking about the cave, Jack and Hector were deciding what to do with the fountain. Should they leave the flute, flea box, and the candle in their right places, or should they take the parts with them? They decided to hide all the traces of their adventure and take the pieces out of the figures, but all the items appeared to be stuck.
“We’ll have to leave them,” Jack said. “I hope the townsfolk won’t be too amused in the morning.”
Eric bade goodbye to Electra, as she joined her sisters and Ariadne. Jack walked past Eric and whispered into his ear, “Be at the cave at five o’clock sharp.”
Eric nodded imperceptibly.
30. The Cave

 
Eric was lying in bed with his eyes open, staring into the ceiling. His mind was haunted with the recollections of the stories about the witch hunt. He had read three more diaries, and those were worse than Amelia Wicker’s records. They contained so much cruelty, pain, and tears that Eric had a hard time believing it all could have been true. The malice, the human hatred and wickedness seemed endless; the envy, brutality, and abhorrence prevailed over the hearts of some people whose evil was proportionate to their own fears. Eric had already understood that behind all that gore and mercilessness was hiding nothing but fear and jealousy. The sheriff, the judge, and the members of those families were a group of weak, fearful people who found salvation in the form of the Hunters and subjugated to them eagerly, for those Hunters promised a world free of anything they feared. They agreed to partake in a massacre that would destroy the innocent along with the guilty, for they feared the guilty and hated the innocent.
After reading the diaries, Eric knew that a group of creatures named Hunters visited the places inhabited by witches and other magical creatures and started their annihilation. Their arrival was prompted by the weather's strange behavior: when the flowers and bushes started to whiter, trees defoliated, and animals became sick, when it rained most of the time and lightning and thunderbolts tore the sky, then they were coming back—those occurrences were the omens of their return.
Eric stood up and sauntered to the window. He couldn’t sleep, not even for a minute. He had a disturbing feeling that something was to happen, though he tried to convince himself that it was only because of all the strange adventures he had recently had, and that in an hour or two he might face a deadly creature in the darkest depths of the cave.
The room was hotter than ever. Eric had a huge desire to open the window and let some fresh air inside, but didn’t do that. The time hadn’t come yet.
Another hour passed. Eric looked at his watch. 4.30 A.M. He opened the casement, bowed down and glanced under his window. There was no one around. Through the window Eric got out of his room. By the time he reached the cave, a drenching rain had begun. Eric entered the cave to hide from the pouring rain and the strong wind, but didn’t go deep inside. He stood near the entrance, waiting for Jack and Hector. The sparkling lightning struck, and then the thunder burst so loud that the earth shuddered. In the distance Eric saw shimmering lights coming close to the cave. Some twenty feet away the lights went off. A little later Jack and Hector, wearing raincoats with hoods, entered the cave.
“I’m here,” Eric said.
“Good to know that.” Jack put his lantern on the ground. “The light went off because of the rain,” he said, trying to light the lantern. “Hector, any luck?”
“We’ll have to go in dark,” Hector said after failing to light the lantern.
“Let’s go then.” Jack got up. “It’ll be five o’clock soon. We shall find the door and hide nearby until the creature comes,” Jack said while they slowly made their way through the darkness. “Here, hold this.” He handed a sheathed dagger to Eric. Eric felt it in the darkness and took it by the hilt.
“At least this time I am armed.”
Though the cave was deep, the rain was pouring so mercilessly that the sounds of the big drops hitting on the walls of the cave resembled furious, endless drumming which lasted almost a quarter of an hour, and the only sound that was louder was the blood-chilling bursts of thunderbolts which were probably preceded by the flashes of lightning. Soon the rain stopped, or maybe the fellows were so deep in the cavern that the noise of the raindrops didn’t reach their ears any more. After twenty minutes Hector tried to light up the lantern. He succeeded this time and shed some light on the dark path bordered with slimy rocks. When they reached the wide open door of the second cave, the fellows couldn’t stop staring at it for some time. How blood-chilling it was, with the abhorrent sculpture above the entrance and the dark abyss behind it.
Jack approached the door and put the key into the keyhole. It matched. As a precaution, he took the key out, tightly squeezed it in his hand, fearful of losing the only possibility to lock the door, and turned to his friends. 
“We shall hide nearby and wait for her.” He hung the lantern above the entrance in the second cave, right below the ugly sculpture.
“But she will see the lantern,” Eric said.
“No big deal. She won’t care for it. The lamia needs to go back into her den and stay there until the next night. When she gets inside the cave, we shall lock the door. Now we only need to hide and wait.”
They hid behind the big moss-covered rocks and waited. The scene reminded Eric of the night in the forest when they had been trying to banish the ghost. Then, too, they had been hiding and keeping quiet, but at least this time Eric was not bait and had a dagger, which he kept squeezing in his hand, not taking his eyes off the dark path that led to the door of the second cave. The place was misty; the grey fog had covered the ground and the slimy rocks behind which the boys were hiding, hoping that the dense vapor would conceal their presence until the lamia disappeared behind the door.
For a while no sound was heard but the dripping of the water and the flapping of the wings under the high ceiling of the cave where hundreds of bats were dwelling. Then, somewhere in the darkness, a low hissing became audible, slowly coming closer. Through the blackness of the cave a dark figure crawled into the space illuminated by the light of the lantern. It looked a lot like a woman. She had wavy hair, her neck was long and refined, hands and waist slender, but the fog hid the rest, and the gait—that strange gait—was the only thing that gave away her true image. It wasn’t a human gait. The creature wasn’t walking; she was sliding slowly on the ground. Sometimes, when the flapping of the wings became too loud, the creature stood erect and listened, and at such times her body lengthened to twice its size, but her legs were never visible. Instead, there seemed to be an endless continuation of her waist—thick, long, and covered with greenish scales.
The lamia crawled upon the second cave. She was moving slowly, hissing and breathing heavily. The boys held their breaths. Jack unsheathed the dagger and squeezed the haft in one hand and the silver key in the other, getting ready to jump to the door and lock it forever. None of them made a sound, for the creature crawling right in front of them appeared to be bigger and scarier than they had expected. Her hands were covered with long thorns, hair and eyes were fiery red, body was dotted with scales shining with an emerald glow under the dim light of the lantern. And her tail was long, with a sharp, pointy edge—a deadly weapon, which the lamia was not averse to using upon sensing the slightest danger.
Hiding in the lee, Eric was watching lamia’s slow sliding. The thought that the serpent-woman had been crawling inside his room and touching him, biting his chest and sucking his blood, made him shudder. How disgusting she was, how ghastly. He was staring at her through a crack in the rock while the lamia passed before him as she neared the half-open door made by Blacksmith McMadicus centuries ago. Eric squeezed the dagger in his hand, hoping he wouldn’t have to use it. In the darkness he couldn’t see the small inhabitants of the cave, one of which had crept close to his palm and was now hastily moving across his hand. The spider bit him just when the lamia was entering the second cave. The bite was sudden, and so painful that Eric couldn’t help gasping in pain.
The lamia instantly turned around to the source of the voice and hissed through the bloodstained teeth. Eric hid deeper behind the rock, but the lamia had already heard his voice, and dashing towards Eric’s hiding spot, hit it with her pointy tail. The tail’s edge pierced the ground right next to Eric, an inch away from his leg, and made him leap to his feet and face the lamia, who was now in front of him, looking at him with her blood-colored eyes as she readied for another hit. She shrieked and wrapped her tail around Eric’s neck when he tried to escape, lifted him up, and brought him close to her green face.
Eric clung to the tail around his neck, trying to escape from its grip, but it only squeezed harder, choking him. Jack threw himself at the creature and pierced the tail with his dagger. The lamia screeched and threw Eric against the ground. Hector was just in time to prevent Eric from falling on the sharp rocks. They rolled on the ground, and the lamia, wounded by the blow from the dagger, shrieking and baring her fangs, lifted her long tail to the ceiling. Clinging to the rocks above and forcing the bats to fly aside in fear, she pulled her body up, hiding in the darkness.
“Are you alright?” Jack asked Hector and Eric. They nodded and looked up in vain. Darkness reigned there, and the lantern’s light wasn’t enough to cast at least a bit of light to the highest depths of the cave.
“She’s strong,” Eric whispered, touching his neck, which a moment ago was squeezed in a deathly chokehold.
“I think we have to leave the cave, otherwise she won’t come down,” Jack said. He had just made the suggestion when the lamia’s long tail entwined around his neck and lifted him up into the dark.
“Jack!” Hector yelled.
“What—? Where … where did she take him?” Eric cried aghast, looking up, then running to the wall and trying to climb up, squeezing the dagger between his teeth. They heard a shriek of agony. The brown-winged bats flew down and flapped around inside the cave, startled by the loud squeal. The next moment Jack’s body fell to the damp ground.
Hector ran to his friend. “Jack, are you alive?” He tried to feel his pulse. “Come on, say something!”
Jack murmured something, but Hector didn’t hear him. “The key,” he whispered again. “She has the key.”
Hector felt something dropping on him from the ceiling. He looked up into the darkness, and another drop fell on his face. Hector touched his forehead and glanced at his palm. It was stained in blood. Jack had hit the lamia both with the dagger and the key, piercing her body. Wounded, the lamia had dropped him, and was now hastily moving across the ceiling, planning the next attack. The blood drops moved from Hector and Jack in the direction of the wall where Eric was standing.
“Get away from that wall,” Hector told him, pulling Jack away from the center of the path. Eric stepped back and looked up. The blood was still dripping down. Now it changed direction and reached the open door of the second cave. The lamia was waiting for the proper time to attack.
Eric squatted and looked above the door. She was there. Under the dim light her silhouette crawled down onto the sculpture above the door and stopped. She was motionless for some time. Her long, thin hands had clung on the stony face. Her chin was resting on its mouth, and her long, emerald tail was stretched up, with the pointy edge still hidden in the dark. The lamia moved down, digging her claws on the stone, making that blood-chilling scratchy sound with her jagged nails sharp enough to cut through skin and flesh. Moving down like a gigantic scorpion, she soon shielded the door with her long green body, holding onto the sculpture with her strong tail. She was below the lantern, and both the dagger and the key, one thrust into her side, the other in the belly, were clearly visible.
Eric stood up, hid his dagger behind his back, holding it in his sweaty palm, and took a step forward. The lamia hissed and bared her fangs. Eric’s heart was leaping inside his chest so fast that every heartbeat was painful, but he still forced himself to take another step. The lamia threw out her purple tongue and licked her lips. Eric took a third step, noting with the edge of his sight how Hector carefully slipped behind the rocks near the door. Eric understood his plan without words. He stared into the deadly crimson eyes—sanguine and soulless. There was nothing human in that creature; it was a creation of the dark—lethal, fatal, abhorring. So many nights she had fooled him into believing that her presence was nothing but a dream, that her touch was only a sweet reminder of the one whom Eric was dreaming about, and that she was only a vague impression of his beloved girl while the lamia had been real, and had been sucking his blood.
“Come now,” Eric whispered. “We are no strangers, are we? We have spent so many nights in each other’s company, so why are you so shy?”
The lamia again bared her fangs and prepared to attack him. Eric took one more step, and the creature pounced on him. He quickly raised the dagger in front of his face. The lamia caught him in her long hands and threw him to the ground. Her teeth were aimed at the artery on his neck, but her fangs met the sharp blade of the dagger and squeezed it instead of the flesh. Eric pushed the dagger, trying to get out of the beast’s grip, but the lamia didn’t let him go so easily. Her teeth broke the blade into pieces in front of Eric's widened eyes. He hadn’t expected the creature’s fangs to be so sharp and mighty.
While Eric and the lamia fought on the ground, Hector took the bowie knife from his boot and stabbed the lamia's tail with it, nailing the edge of the tail to the ground. The lamia's shriek was so loud that the walls of the cave trembled. Eric had to let go of his hands and cover his ears—so painful was her scream. The lamia turned to her tail and tried to free it, but the knife was embedded too deep into the ground. The tail wriggled until it tore off the knife, making the creature give out another wail. The lamia, in the height of her fury, attempted to stand erect on her tail, but the wounded tail wasn’t as strong anymore, and the creature lost her balance, falling down. Hector ran up to her, caught her from behind while she was writhing in pain and shrieking in agony, and yelled to Eric, “Get the key!”
Eric snatched the key sticking out of the lamia's body and pulled it out, tearing the greenish flesh of the creature. The lamia was now twisting her long body into knots and curves, and screeching so loud that her voice was going far inside the second cave, awakening anything that could be inhabiting the darkness.
The lamia threw Hector away from her body and turned to him, then again back to Eric, considering which enemy was more dangerous and deserved to die first. Hector made a move to get the bowie knife still stuck to the ground. Catching his movement and feeling the agonizing pain the knife had caused her, the lamia spread her hands and pounced on Hector. Her nails scratched his neck and shoulder; she opened her mouth to pierce his flesh with her fangs. Hector fell and tried to push her back. He had another knife hanging from his belt but he couldn’t take it, for his hands were busy pushing the lamia back from his face. Eric pulled the knife from the ground and got ready to stab the lamia, but his hand froze in the air. He looked at her back, at her body—she was alive, she was real, and he had never stabbed with a knife any living creature in his life. He had never killed anyone. He knew he had to do something; his friend was lying under the monster and fighting for his life, and Eric had to kill the lamia, but he couldn’t.
Gaining his consciousness, Jack ran to help Hector. They pushed the lamia and threw her back. She hit the blade, which pierced her body. The creature winced. Startled, Eric let go of the dagger stuck inside the green body. The next moment the lamia fell on the ground and crawled to the door. The boys stood motionless, breathing heavily and watching her slow escape. She was crawling back to the door, leaving a long trail of blood. She wasn’t hissing or wincing anymore; something akin to a purr was coming out of her mouth. Her sight made Eric pity her. The lamia looked helpless, like a wounded serpent that couldn’t harm any more, but appearances could be deceiving. She was still dangerous, with her sharp nails and keen fangs. Only after looking at her motionless body for almost a minute did Eric venture to go near. Jack followed him and squatted in front of the lamia's face.
“Is she dead?” Eric asked.
“I think so,” Jack responded, and seeing Eric’s piteous look, added, “She’s a monster. It was either her or us.”
“I know. I only wish she’d never come out of this door. Shall we lock it at last?”
“Yes. Let’s do that,” Jack said, looking into the nothingness behind the door. 
The boys stood before the entrance and stared into the abyss. The darkness had never been so void and lifeless, and the growling that came from the hollows of Taidgroth made the blood in their veins freeze.
“Would you dare step inside?” Hector asked.
“No way,” was Jack’s answer.
“Is that another portal?” Eric asked.
“Whatever it is, I’m not going to be the one who finds that out.” Jack turned to the lamia’s breathless body. He gripped the haft of the knife and pulled it out of her back. “Hold the tail,” he told Eric and Hector while he grabbed the lamia by her shoulders. Eric clutched the creature by the waist and Hector held her tail. They took the body to the door and threw it into the abyss. Jack then shut the door, and Eric locked it with the key.
“What shall we do with this?” Eric asked, holding the key up.
“My idea is that it needs to be destroyed, but someone else has the other key, so we better keep it for now,” Jack said. He took the key from Eric’s hand then got the lantern off the sculpture, and all three headed to the exit. They were halfway to the entrance when a voice reached their ears. The female voice was coming from somewhere near the entrance, calling Jack. He hurried forward, raising the lantern. The owner of the voice at last appeared before them. It was Ariadne. She looked worried and frightened. Jack reached her and looked at her from head to feet to make sure that she wasn’t hurt.
“No need to worry anymore,” he told her. “We killed the lamia and locked the door.”
“Jack, thank heavens I found you. We have to hurry,” she said in a voice full of despair.
“Why? What has happened?” Jack asked.
“Hollow!” Ariadne exclaimed. “Hollow is burning!”

31. Silhouettes in Fire

“Burning? How? What has happened?” Jack asked, holding Ariadne by her shoulders. “Speak! What has happened?”
“I don’t know, Jack,” she said through tears. “It must have been the lightning.”
When they got out of the cave, Eric looked at the direction of the town, where bundles of dense, white smoke were rising up and eddying into the sky. While the boys looked at the smoke and the sky which was reddening above the town, Ariadne told them about the houses already entwined in the flames.
“One of the wooden bridges is burning, and so are the gardens, haylofts, the toy store, the wood turner's workplace, the McKennits’ Candy shop—”
“Candy shop?” Eric exclaimed. Henry was supposed to spend the night at his grandmother’s place.

~ * ~

When they reached the town, the blazing flames had grown bigger and stronger. Jack and Hector ran to their houses to find their families, Ariadne left with them, and Eric hurried to the Candy shop. The town was filled with masses of people running from one place to the other, screaming, shouting, crying, and carrying buckets of water, trying to extinguish the flames which had caught the thoroughfares and violently devoured the wooden and stone buildings. Groups of people were coming out of the houses, carrying in their arms either children and animals, or supporting elderly people who couldn’t move as fast as the situation demanded. Some were trying to save not only themselves and the family members, but also goods which in some minutes would be destroyed by the merciless flames that seemed to mock the attempts of being extinguished, and blazed with more fury and strength. When Eric reached the Candy shop, he saw familiar faces, scared and desperate, staring at the building. Those were Riona’s mother and sister; Eric noticed Eleanora nearby. All of them were sobbing and at the same time trying to comfort a woman sitting on her knees before the burning house and crying desperately, calling her son. It was Riona. She was saying unintelligible words about Henry and Albert and looking around, calling for help.
“Where is Henry?” Eric asked Eleanora.
“In the house,” she said through sobs. “Father has gone after Henry. Uncle Neil is there, too. They have been there too long already—” her voice faltered.
Eric looked at the burning Candy shop. The fire was going up with a mighty speed. The second floor was totally absorbed in fire; the third floor was burning already. He looked around, hoping to see someone with water, but the whole place was caught in flames, and everyone was either running away or fighting with the fire to save their own dwellings. The McKennits were not around; they lived on the West Bank and probably didn’t even know yet that their shop was burning.
Eric wondered which parts of the West Bank were caught on fire. He thought about Electra and her sisters, but the idea that Jack and Hector were on their way home comforted him and gave hope that nothing would happen to the girls. He would go the blue castle to be sure they were safe if Henry wasn’t in the burning house. Now the little boy was the only one who occupied his thoughts.
“More water!” someone yelled.
“Here!”
“Help!”
“Water!”
Water—the only thing that everyone kept asking for. More water. It wasn’t enough—the fire was only growing bigger; the smoke was spreading over the square, hurting the eyes and choking the lungs. Screams were coming from all over; panic had overtaken the minds. If officers appeared, they were quickly surrounded by the crying, injured townsfolk telling about the relatives they couldn’t find and ask for water.
Where is the rain when we need it so much? thought Eric, aimlessly staring into the sky covered with a mass of red smoke. He looked into the square that was burning in the violent flames. It was still dark, darker than it should be at the crack of dawn. Eric looked deeper into the blazing distance. He could see people running aside, helping each other, rushing for water, but there was something in the fire that kept him staring: silhouettes appeared in the glowing flames. They were not hurrying, not running away, not offering help to the fellow townsfolk. They were walking slowly; five or six silhouettes in long cloaks that concealed their bodies, with hoods on their heads. None of them caught fire though they walked right through the blaze. Eric lost sight of the figures when people passed before them, dragging their animals and carriages down the road, but soon the silhouettes reappeared again. Far away, enshrouded in the black smoke and violent flames, it seemed they were coming out of the inferno itself and not caring about anything that was happening around.
Riona’s weeping brought Eric back to reality. He saw someone coming out of the house where Henry was. The man was carrying a dog in his hands. All three women sprang to their feet and looked at the man and the animal in his arms. That was Mr. Patrick Wilson, Riona’s father, who, in spite of his old age, had stayed in the burning house in order to find his grandson. He hadn’t found Henry, but had saved their small terrier from the fire. The old man gave the dog to his younger daughter, Corinne, who clung to Hercules and pressed him to her chest.
“I couldn’t find Henry, but I will go back,” he said, breathing heavily.
“No! No, Father,” Riona yelled. “No, Albert will find him, no, you are too tired, your hands are burnt. Please, stay with us,” Riona and her mother were saying to the man, who was determined to go back.
“Please, Grandpa, don’t go,” Eleanora pleaded. “Uncle Neil and Dad will find Henry.”
“Stay here. I will find them,” Eric told the man, holding him by the hand. He ran to the burning house, almost getting under the hoofs of a horse running past him, trying to escape the fire. For a second Eric hesitated in front of the burning doors, then braced himself and jumped inside the house. He had been there before and remembered that the stairs at the left led to the third floor, where four apartments were situated. He hurried upstairs by the burning stairs, trying to avoid the fire and flames biting at him from all sides. Eric emerged in the long corridor that led to the apartments. Henry was supposed to be behind one of the doors. The walls were burning, and the corridor was enveloped in dense, choking smoke that hurt his eyes and prevented him from seeing much, but he could hear well enough to detect Uncle Albert's voice inside the first apartment. Eric decided to enter the other door, so they wouldn’t both waste their efforts on one room. He entered the second apartment and looked around. The walls, windowsills and curtains were burning. The furniture was caught in fire, the cupboard, the table, and the armchairs blazed with red flames. Not resisting the heat, the windows and the glass of the bookcase shattered into pieces. Eric bent down and covered his face with his hands. The heat was intolerable, the fire was menacing, and the smoke was choking him in its embrace. Eric pressed his sleeve over his nose and mouth and stepped into the next room, hastily looking around, searching under the bed and inside the wardrobe, which a moment later got caught in the fire when the burning curtain rod broke down and fell on it. The fire was growing in a fierce haste; it had already devoured all the furniture under the walls and was now spreading through the ceiling and to the door. Eric was beginning to doubt that he would get out of the house alive. Still, he wasn’t going to leave the place without the boy. Eric rushed to the exit and stepped over the burning threshold.
“Henry! Uncle Albert!” he called, entering the anteroom of the next apartment. There was no sound. Eric again began hastily looking around. He knew he didn’t have much time; the whole building was now on fire. All three floors were burning, and he had no idea how he was supposed to go downstairs. There was almost no air inside the rooms. Instead, the thick, grey smoke had filled the place, hurting not only his eyes but his throat, making breathing painful and difficult. Eric entered the last room of the apartment. This was the only room the fire had spared so far, but the flames were creeping inside through the windows with shattered glass, and the smoke was already curling in the room. In one of the corners, behind an armchair, Eric caught sight of a small silhouette.
“Henry!” he called, reaching the boy and lifting him up. Henry clung to his cousin, pressing his trembling body against Eric’s. When they had reached the threshold, Henry whispered into Eric’s ear, “Emily is there, too.”
“Who?”
“Emily,” he repeated. “Under the piano.”
Eric turned and looked around the room, searching for the piano. The boy was right—there was someone under it. It was Emily, the Wilson’s neighbors’ five-year-old girl. Eric had no time to think about how she had gotten there and where her family was. Still holding Henry in his hands, Eric approached the piano and looked down. Emily was lying under it, her hands covering her head. Eric stretched his hand and reached the girl’s dress.
“Emily,” he said, “come here.” The girl didn’t move. Eric pulled the hem of her dress. “Come here, girl. Come here.”
The child raised her eyes and looked at Eric, but she seemed to not be able to hear his words. She was scared, shocked, and was afraid to move. Eric grabbed her by her hand and sharply pulled her from under the piano. Emily shrieked.
“Come here. I’ll take you to your mommy. Please come here.”
He forced her out and lifted both the children. They were heavy, but Eric had no alternative. He couldn’t leave any of them in the burning room to be picked up later, as he wasn’t planning to return.
“Close your eyes and try to hold your breaths,” he commanded. He didn’t know whether the children obeyed him, or whether they had even heard him. The flames were crackling around them; the fire was swallowing more and more space and goods. Eric knew that the roof of the building was made of wood, and it was only a matter of time until its burnt logs would fall. He entered the hallway, but the way back was surrounded by a wall of flame. There was no way out.
Eric went further into the corridor, trying to keep the children in his arms. It seemed that they were becoming heavier with every step he took, and holding them was becoming difficult. Through the crackling he could hear Emily’s sobbing. She was squeezing his neck tightly and causing him pain, as if the burns he had received while searching the rooms in the fire were not painful enough.
“Uncle Albert!” Eric yelled, and instantly regretted his folly as acrid smoke filled his throat. Eric began to cough. He had lost concentration. His eyes hurt from the smoke, he didn’t know where he was going, but he was stepping deeper into the corridor, looking for a way out. Another thought that gave him no rest was his concern for Uncle Albert. Where was he? Eric needed to find him and tell him that Henry was safe. If Henry was with Eric, then Albert was still looking for his son; he was still in one of the burning rooms. But Eric couldn’t go back. He wasn’t sure he had enough time to get the children to a safe place. Then voices reached his ears. Not seeing under his feet, enveloped in smoke, Eric went to the voices. They were coming from the outside, which meant he was somewhere near an open door or a window. He was right— there were two windows at the end of the corridor. He heard excerpts of phrases—someone was asking for water. The rest was inaudible. One of the windows was totally shrouded by fire, but the other, a few feet away, was free of flames. Eric hurried to the window and looked out. They were on the third floor. He could climb down. If only he had some time, he could take one of the children down, then climb up and get the other.
Eric looked behind him. He had no time. The flames were coming closer. Their only salvation was the window. He looked down, foolishly leaning on the windowsill with his elbow. The stone sill was hot and burnt his hand.
“Help!” he shouted. “Somebody!” 
No one heard him. The Wilsons and Riona were standing in front of the entrance, while Eric was now at the opposite wall, on the backside of the building.
“Help!” he shouted again, holding the children tighter, feeling his back aching and breaking in two. “Somebody help!”
It was useless. Eric leaned over and looked down the wall under the window. There were projections along the wall; he could climb down if he tried hard enough. But could he do that with two children? When a burning log fell down right behind them, and the children shrieked in fear, he knew he had no time to think.
“Henry, listen to me.” 
Henry raised his head and looked at his cousin, who squatted before the window. “Hang onto my back. There you go, good boy. Now hold tight, both of you,” he said, rising up, holding Emily in his hands and having Henry hanging on his back. “We can do this,” Eric whispered, and breathed out. He climbed onto the hot sill. His jeans were thick enough to protect him from the heat for a while, but his bare hands were unprotected. He didn’t care about the hands. He would’ve readily cut his hand off if it had helped him to escape the flames.
Carefully, but as hastily as he could, Eric climbed out of the window and tried to feel the support with his foot. It was there. He leaned on it and gave out another deep breath, wishing that Henry wouldn’t squeeze his neck like that and hoping he wouldn’t loosen his hands and fall down from the third floor. Emily was before him, pressed to his chest by his left hand. He told her to hold tight and hung from the sill by both of his hands.
Eric searched for the closest projection that could afford a stiff hold for his foot, stood on it, and climbed down another step. The stone wall was hot; he tried to press the girl closer to his chest so that her back wouldn’t touch the hot wall and get burnt. The forearm and elbow of his left hand, as well as the palms and fingers of both of his hands were aching, but he told himself that the ground was closer with each step. Soon the pain became unbearable. Eric couldn’t help moaning and breathing heavily.
“Just get the children down,” he was saying to himself. They were the only thing that mattered, the only reason he was still bearing that pain and wasn’t letting go. He’d rather fall down from the third floor than feel that agony anymore, but two innocent lives depended on him. He had to bear the pain and get them down.
A thunderstorm burst out of the red skies. How relieved Eric felt when the rain gushed down on him.
At last. He had never been so happy at the sight of a thunderstorm all those months he’d been in Hollow.
Rain. It was pouring so ruthlessly that the water from the skies was capable of extinguishing the fire. It was only a matter of time. Still, the walls were so hot that the rain was yet unable to soothe the fire and cool the stone. Instead, it made the ledges slippery and turned Eric’s venture into a more arduous task.
“On the wall!” he heard below.
“Get a ladder!” someone yelled.
Was it possible that they had been noticed at last? Eric tried to look down. They were on the second floor. He could jump if necessary, but it was too high for the children.
“Henry!” Riona’s shriek reached his ears. Yes, they had been noticed, but would any of them get a ladder? Eric saw that more houses were on fire, but the heavy rain was successfully fighting the severe flames. Eric managed another step down.
“Henry, jump,” he heard a male voice cry out. Was it Uncle Albert? Eric couldn’t tell, but the owner of the voice was ready to catch the boy.
“Don’t be afraid, Henry. Let go,” Eric said, but the little boy wasn’t in a rush to jump from the second floor. “Trust me, they will catch you,” Eric said in unison to the voices below. “Just let your hands go. They will catch you, I promise.”
 Eric couldn’t hold onto the wall anymore. It was slippery; the rain was gushing down on him, and Henry, hanging from his back, seemed to weight a ton. Either Henry jumped, or they would all fall down.
“Do it, Henry. Just do it,” Eric pleaded.
Henry loosened his grip. He fell down like a rock and was caught by the people standing under the wall. Eric felt as if his back was released of the heaviest burden, though the boy wasn’t very heavy, and Eric had carried him on his back many times before. The wall had cooled down under the rain, and touching the stone wasn’t painful anymore. It was slippery, but Eric climbed down slowly and carefully. He hadn’t reached the ground yet when the hands below reached out to him then took the girl off his grip. Eric fell to the ground and sighed heavily. Riona’s sister knelt before him and checked his pulse and heartbeat.
“Calm down, boy,” she said softly. “And breathe deeper.”
Eric looked up. The men before him, who had caught Henry, were Riona’s brother-in-law, Neil, and her father. Not far away Riona, her mother, and Eleanora were hugging Henry and crying. Eric looked at them and returned his glance to the men before him.
“Where is Uncle Albert?” he asked.
No one responded.


32. Funerals

A soft breeze swept over the tombstones, mingled with the dust, and flew away into the open field. Nearly two dozen people were standing silently around the fresh grave; the silence was disturbed only by the quiet sobbing of the widow wearing all black. She was standing in front of the grave with her sister by her side, who sometimes whispered words of comfort into her ear, reminding her about staying strong for her children.
Eleanora was trying to stay calm and silent, for her sobs only augmented the heavy burden on her mother's heart. Riona would then attempt to soothe her daughter’s grief by hugging and caressing her.
Henry wasn’t present. Riona considered him too young to bear the sight of his father's grave, and Henry was sent to his Aunt Corinne’s house. His grandmother tried her best to distract him with sweets and toys, though the boy was aware of the misfortune which had befallen on his family, and nothing could sweep the sorrow off his young, innocent eyes.
Riona and Albert's relatives, friends and neighbors one after another approached the widow, offering her their aid and support, and ensuring her that she could always rely on them, while the pipes lamented the departed with a soft, heartbreaking tune.
“I am sorry, Riona,” Caitlin McCormack said when her family approached the grave. “I am sorry you have become a widow so soon and your children have lost their father at such a young age.”
“Thank you, Caitlin,” Riona said in a voice which had changed a great deal due to the fresh pain and inconsolable grief, becoming low and shattered. “And I hope,” she continued, trying to raise her voice so that the other McCormacks, who were standing nearby, would hear her, “that no child in this town will be left parentless, for no child in the world deserves such a lot.”
Her words had the desired effect: the McCormacks, the Baldrics, and the rest of their allies, threw disgruntled glances around and stayed by the grave only for the sake of propriety. Caitlin didn’t like Riona's words either, but decided to leave the reprimands for later. Riona was deeply shaken with grief and might say things worse than accusing her husband and his friends of turning some of the children of Hollow into orphans. Caitlin McCormack recoiled and stood by her husband and daughter. Dinah couldn’t help but throw short glances at Eric sitting on a rock a few feet away from the grave. He looked broken, grieving; whenever he raised his head, tears glittered in his eyes.
Dinah would’ve felt sorry for him and might have even ventured to approach him and console him—she had pictured that scene with tearful Eric's head on her shoulder while she spoke words of wisdom about the abruptness of life and death and the strength to carry on, but seeing Electra sitting near the one who occupied her always restless mind, she lost all the gentle feelings for him. How dare she show up at the graveyard? And how dare she sit there, among all those people, aware that she and her family were hated and unwanted? Electra was holding Eric by his hand, sometimes hugging him or stroking his dark hair. Once she even dared to sweep the tears away from his face. And he, instead of pushing her away, pressed her hand to his lips then buried his face in her palms.
Dinah had now forgotten about the primary reason of coming to the graveyard. She had forgotten about her dead neighbor, about the fire that had taken away another two lives and left almost a dozen people with injuries, about the damage it had caused, and about the sorrow the town was experiencing. Now her eyes could see only Eric and Electra sitting on a rock and taunting her. She was sure she saw them raise their faces, look at her, and mock her and scorn her, then laugh at her feelings. Dinah turned around only to see that everyone around the grave was now making fun of her. All eyes were on her, with that silly smile shining in those endless orbs, deriding her and ridiculing her for her unrequited feelings. As if it wasn’t enough, she saw the whole family of witches, along with their friends, coming to the grave. Andromeda came close to Riona and gently put her hand on her back. The widow cast a glance at her, and a new wave of sobbing burst out.
“I am so sorry, Mrs. O’Brian, dear Riona.”
“Ohh, Andromeda, my kind lady,” was all that Riona was capable of saying before she threw herself into her consoler’s arms and started to weep. “Can you do anything, dear lady? Please say you can,” Riona was saying through her weeping. “You saved him once. Please, please, bring my husband back to life. Don’t leave my children fatherless.”
Riona knew her words were meaningless: no one could bring the dead back to life, but she still whispered the words imploringly, hoping that the magical lady, as she and her sister called Andromeda, would do something to ease her pain. She longed to see Andromeda take a vessel from her handbag, pour it into her husband’s grave, and a moment later Albert would appear before her, safe and sound. But Andromeda was silent.
Eleanora felt a touch on her shoulder. Turning her face, she saw the dearest grey eyes looking at her.
“Oh, Jack,” she murmured, and coming out of her aunt’s hug, threw her arms around Jack’s neck. She put her face on his chest and cried as bitterly as she had ever cried before.
“Elora, I am sorry,” said Jack, holding her in his embrace.
“Oh, Jack,” she murmured again. “Once more I did the wrong thing. Even after you told me. You told me to think about the words I utter. Then I shouted at him, called him bad names, and now he is gone. And I will never see him again. Oh, Daddy.”
“I am sorry for having been so harsh with you,” Jack said. Eleanora clung tighter to him as if he was the safe haven where she could find comfort and peace, and soon her sobs became fainter after Jack consoled her every way he could. But while consoling the one, he had totally forgotten about the feelings of the other. Ariadne was standing behind them with Cassandra and Medea by her sides, and looking at a scene so excruciating that even the grief of the girl in Jack's embrace wasn’t able to help her from feeling indignant.
“He has to comfort her; she lost her father.”
This could have been spoken only by Cassandra, who, in every situation, never lost either tact or empathy for others, and who hurried to assist anyone in pain, be it physical suffering or emotional pangs.
“I know,” Ariadne said. “Poor girl.”
She tried to sound as sincere as possible, and she hated herself for being jealous of a girl who was going through such misery and disdain, but her feelings were stronger than she had thought.
“Now, what are they doing here?” Magnus McCormack murmured.
“Indeed,” Mr. Baldric said aloud. “Their presence only worsens the tragedy.” He took a step towards Colin Fitzroy, in his mind having ideas of a fight or at least an argument, but Shay MacGavin abruptly put his hand on Baldric’s shoulder.
“Show some respect.”
“Don’t talk about respect, blacksmith. It’s not I who is friends with a witch-man.”
Fearing that Baldric would start a fight, Colin went near his friend and looked sharply at Baldric. “A graveyard is no place for arguing. Show respect for the loss of the family.”
“I will if you do the same. Take your family and leave, and I won’t start a fight.”
Uncle Colin looked at Louis Baldric, and ensuring himself that he was in earnest about starting a fight, Colin decided to leave. He had no desire to disgrace the memory of an innocent man whose family was lamenting for his loss with a fight in front of his grave. Colin went near his wife and explained the situation with just a glance. Andromeda nodded. With words of comfort she left Riona, and was retreating when the widow said, “No, please don’t go, your presence is comforting. You know better than anyone here what loss is and how painful it is.”
Andromeda hesitated; she didn’t want to leave Riona when she was asking for her support, but she knew about the consequences her presence could cause.
“If you don’t mind, my dear, I will visit you in the evening. Until then you need to have some rest.”
Riona caught a glimpse of her neighbors’ disgruntled glances and impatient movements. She immediately understood why Andromeda was leaving, and her nerves, weakened by the grief, gave in.
“What do you want?” she said, looking at her neighbors. “Why are you driving away the woman who has come to console me on the worst day of my life? My husband is lying in the coffin, he will be buried soon, my children and I have lost him forever, and all you can think of is your stupid ban!”
“It’s not a stupid ban, Mrs. O’Brian. The ban is called to protect our families. And your husband had signed the paper,” Magnus McCormack said.
“I haven’t signed it. And my husband signed it only because he was forced to. I won’t let you drive away from my husband’s funeral the woman who once saved him. What have you done for Albert to make such demands now? You only poisoned his mind, and put on his shoulders the burden of that pointless ban, depriving him of the chance to thank the person who saved his life. And not only him. This woman, whom you hate so much, has helped you too, Caitlin. If not for her, you would still be in that delusional state.”
Caitlin’s mouth became dry. Her hands shook, and she needed some long seconds to regain the ability to talk.
“What—? What are you saying, Riona? Has your grief caused you madness?”
“I demand explanations!” said Peter McCormack.
“The explanation is that last year I gave Caitlin a potion which brought her back to her senses.”
“That’s not true!” Caitlin’s voice shook. “Not true.” She turned to her husband. “Peter, I swear she is lying. I have never … would never take anything from that woman.”
Peter threw a stern glance at his wife, which scared and confused her even more.
“I swear, Peter. I swear to you. Why are you saying those lies?” she yelled at Riona. “You have lost your husband and want me to lose mine? What kind of a bitter woman are you?”
“It is not a lie.” Riona looked at Peter. “But Caitlin indeed didn’t know. I never told her.”
When the argument had begun, the musicians had stopped playing the pipes, and when Riona’s words silenced everyone, the graveyard plunged into absolute stillness. No one spoke for a while. Andromeda was standing near Riona with her palm over her mouth and looking at her husband. Their nieces were exchanging glances and thinking of a way to vanish from the graveyard, as the Easterners, if they could, would have killed them with just their glances. Eleanora, still in Jack’s embrace, looked at her mother with eyes wide open, not believing what she had heard, then tightened her grip, considering Jack’s embrace the safest place for her.
Thinking himself a disgraced and insulted man, without saying a word, Peter McCormack left the graveyard. His wife called after him in a tearful voice then hurried after her husband, hoping that his anger wouldn’t last more than a month. One after another the Easterners left the place. Magnus McCormack looked at Riona severely and muttered something under his breath.
“I am sorry,” Riona told Andromeda after the Easterners left. “I got you into trouble, but they made me so angry, I couldn’t think properly.”
“Do not apologize. You are having a very hard time, and I want you to know that you can always count on me and my family.”
After ten minutes they left. Andromeda had to attend the townspeople who had sustained injuries in the fire, and wanted her nieces to help her. Only Electra didn’t leave; she asked to stay with Eric and promised to be back home in less than an hour. Eleanora wished Jack would stay, too, but he left with the rest, leaving her to be taken care of by her mother and aunt.
Epilogue

In the evening, Eric was sitting under the Lonely Widower and waiting for Jack and Hector. He was leaving the next morning and wanted to talk to them before his departure. He had called Electra, too; she was supposed to join Eric after he had a conversation with Jack. Eric was already missing her. He didn’t know how he would bear the long parting that was to come soon. He didn’t know when he would be back to Hollow. Soon he had to go to college, and it might be a year before he came back.
His friends showed up shortly. Just like Eric, they still had bandages on their palms, and bruises and burns on their faces, which they had received in the fire. Strangely, the West Bank had stayed untouched by the flames; the only damage had been to one of the white wooden bridges. When the fellows became certain that their families and dwellings were in no danger, they hurried to the East Bank to help the townspeople. Hector and his father fought with the fire in their smithy and the buildings nearby, while Jack and his father helped the people in the hospital.
The witches had been busy saving the animals in the clinic where Cassandra worked, and taking them to the blue castle. The animals were left in Medea’s care, and as the portable cages weren’t enough, the girls had put the carnivores inside the cages, while the rabbits, beavers, chinchillas and other herbivorous animals were left to freely roam in the drawing room. Though the small patients were sick, some were too active and constantly tried to get out of the room and escape the castle.
While Medea suffered with the animals, Jack, Hector, Electra, Cassandra, and Ariadne lent a helping hand wherever they could, assisting their parents, who either tried to extinguish the fire and get the dwellers out of the burning houses, or attended to the injured townspeople.
“Have you heard the news already?” Jack asked when he and Hector approached the Lonely Widower. “They’re saying that the witch sent the fire to the East Bank, and that’s why the West Bank has stayed intact. Can you believe it? As if my mother can send lightning like she’s some kind of Zeus or Thor.”
“That is ridiculous but not unexpected,” Eric said. “What do you think the sheriff and the Council are going to undertake? Will they accuse your family?”
“I don’t know.” Jack took a seat beside Eric. “Until then I had hopes that everything happening in Hollow recently was a coincidence, but what I saw in the fire deprived me of the last hope.”
“What did you see?” Eric asked. Jack looked at him with the strangest glance Eric had ever observed. The fear in his eyes led Eric to the only possible revelation. “You have seen them too!” he exclaimed. “Tell me.”
Jack opened his mouth then looked at Hector without saying a word. Hector, leaning his back against the Lonely Widower, nodded and turned to Eric. “Have you seen the silhouettes?”
Eric jumped to his feet and anxiously asked, “So it wasn’t a vision? They were real. They were coming out of the fire!”
“Hush! Calm down.” Jack took him by the arm and pulled down on the grass. “Yes, they were real. They are coming back. Or are back already. It happened as it had been predicted. The Hunters came from the blazing flames of the Inferno. They came through fire, through mischief and trouble.”
“But where are they?”
Jack shook his head. “I don’t know.”
“They are among us,” Hector said. “They will be here, in Hollow—waiting, planning, anticipating. I won’t be surprised to know they have already met the Council members. They will demand trials. Then they will start the hunt.”
“I still don’t understand. Where are those people?”
“What people? Eric, wake up. You read all those diaries and still didn’t understand that they are not people? They are something else, some weird creatures that come to Hollow throughout centuries and organize a slaughter.”
“Can we stop them?”
“I don’t know. We will try.”
Eric sighed and covered his face with his palms. “I have so many questions now, more than I had in the beginning, and I have to leave tomorrow. How can I leave when you are telling me such things, and after I have seen them with my own eyes coming out of the blazes?”
“I too, wish that you would stay, but I know that you can’t,” Jack said. “Go back home. If any of us suspects the slightest danger we shall call you back.”
His words comforted Eric a little, but he was still in turmoil, and his heart was aching at the thought that he had to leave them, to leave her.
“Return home,” Jack repeated. “And be back when you sort your matters.”
“I wish I didn’t have to,” Eric said, looking at the purple horizon. “I wish I could stay here forever.”
“Be careful what you wish for,” Jack said. “It could come true, but not exactly the way you want.”
Jack’s faithful Orion ran to his master. Jack reached out to the dog and rumpled his fur. Orion licked his master’s hand. “My brave boy,” Jack said about his dog, which hadn’t left his side during the fire, taking two little children out of a burning house. “My dog is braver than the officers of this town,” Jack said, recollecting how some of the officers ran away from the square instead of helping the townsfolk. “And those are the people who have to keep and restore the peace,” he smirked. “They become brave only when they make accusations.”
“Electra has given me paper to use with the magic ink. If something happens, just send me a note, and I’ll be back at once,” Eric said.
Jack promised to do as Eric asked. Soon he and Hector left, and Eric stayed under the oak, waiting for Electra. She arrived in less than ten minutes. The smile came back to Eric’s lips. He hurried to her and enclosed her in the tightest embrace.
“How are your wounds?” Electra asked, gently pushing him back and holding his hands.
“Forget the wounds,” Eric said, and pulled her close again. He stood for a whole minute, hugging her to his heart's content. He had the worst premonition, and after seeing the Hunters’ silhouettes in the fire, he couldn’t stop fearing for her. Now everything seemed real. Now the danger was so close to his beloved, whom he was being forced to leave. Who will take care of you when I’m gone? he thought, and hugged her tighter.
“I don’t want to leave you. Heaven knows how much I wish to take you with me.”
Electra put her palms on his face and looked him in the eyes. “Your eyes are full of anxiety,” she said. “Don’t torture yourself so much. You know well that I will wait for you.”
Eric couldn’t force himself to talk. He knelt and seated her near him, then took her hands in his. How gentle they were, how soft and beautiful. What would the Hunters do with her? Would they make her walk on the burning coals? Or would they force her to eat poisonous food? Would they drown her, or burn her on the stake? Eric couldn’t stop thinking about the Hunters and his beloved girl. She didn’t even suspect how close the danger was. No, she didn’t know, she would have told him if she knew. But here she was, smiling and trying to comfort him.
“I will be back,” Eric said when he regained the ability to talk again.
“I know you will. What will you do without Hollow?” Electra smiled. “My sisters send their goodbyes. They will be waiting for your return.”
The lump again pressed against Eric’s throat. Poor girls. It wasn’t their fault that they were born that way. They didn’t choose to be witches. It was only an occurrence, and it was unjust to hold them responsible for something over which they had no power. He knew that they possessed no evil and that their minds were free from envy and vice. Eric knew he needed to come back for their sake; he wouldn’t let anything happen to them.
The time was passing quickly. When Eric looked at his watch it was already ten o’clock. A cawing sounded from above. That was Morrigan, telling them that it was time to part. The crow swept before the lovers, then flew up into the sky, fluttered over the gorges and meadows resting under the moonlight, soared above the peaks of the trees, passed the sharp mountains and flew near Ostband, where dim flames of fire were burning inside the windows.
The old castle was abandoned no more.


~ THE END ~


Thank you

Dear reader,
Thank you for reading “Witch Hollow and the Fountain Riddle.”
I hope you enjoyed it.
This is the second book of the “Witch Hollow” series.

The third part is available here:

The first part is available here:

For more information about the new books, please visit the author’s Blog, or email the author at idblindauthor@gmail.com.
You can also find information on author’s Twitter, Facebook, or YouTube pages.

Click on the titles to listen to the songs featured in the book:

“La Follia” by A. Vivaldi

“Waltz of the Flowers” by P.I. Tchaikovsky

“Hungarian Dance No. 5” by J. Brahms

“Symphony No. 40” by W.A. Mozart

“Romanza Andaluza” by P. de Sarasate

“Blacksmith”

“Searching for Lambs”

“Battle of Harlaw”

“Twa Corbies”
Performed by Bard Michael Kelly
Performed by Steeleye Span

“If I Were a Blackbird”
Performed by Silly Wizard
Performed by Bard Michael Kelly

“William Tell Overture” by G.A. Rossini


Synopsis of the third book of the series:

Witch Hollow and the Dryad Princess

Eric is on the deathbed.
Cassandra is heartbroken.
Jack is entangled in a love triangle.
Dinah is forced into a marriage.
These are the minor problems that the young residents of Hollow have to deal with. The Hunters are back in the town, and the Council is plotting another witch hunt.
To find a way to fight back against the Hunters, the young people will have fly to Walachia and receive advice from their wizard grandfather. Things become worse when three mysterious girls begin to mar the witches’ plans.

An excerpt from “Witch Hollow and the Dryad Princess”

The ball continued. The guests were dancing, talking, laughing, and enjoying the delicious viands. Eric left the girls chatting at the table, and went for a walk across the hall, looking around, examining the guests and the big ballroom. At the end of the hall he came across a refreshment room with a table full of fruits, canapés, and drinks. A few guests were sitting in the corner and talking. Eric didn’t know them. He poured punch for himself, put some ice into it, and took a sip.
“You don’t even want to greet me?”
Eric turned to the voice. Dinah was standing in front of him. Eric had seen her in the crowd but hadn’t bothered to approach her. He hadn’t met her since he had arrived back in Hollow, and now she was standing before him, wearing a black brocade dress, her hair pinned up in a beautiful hairstyle, and waiting for his response.
“Hello, Dinah,” Eric said grudgingly.
“Is that all I shall receive from you?”
Eric didn’t speak.
“How are you doing, Eric O’Brian?” Dinah asked, hoping to start a conversation.
“I am doing fine, thank you. And I hope you are well, too.”
“No,” she said. “I am not well.”
“Why? What has happened?” Eric looked away at the ladies in the corner, then returned his eyes on Dinah.
“I am unhappy,” she said.
“I thought otherwise. Girls are usually happy when they are getting engaged, aren’t they?”
“It depends.”
“On what?” Eric asked coldly.
“On the circumstances,” was the curt reply.
Eric put the glass back on the table and prepared to leave the room. “I’m sorry to hear about your unhappiness. I wish you nothing but joy,” he said, and was going to leave when Dinah held him by the arm.
“Wait,” she said. “Stop running away.”
Eric wanted to say that he wasn’t running away, but knew that she was right. He wanted to escape her company for reasons unknown to him. He felt uncomfortable in her presence. She was stunning as always, beautiful, elegant, but her company was unpleasant.
Dinah looked at him for some long, silent seconds. She wanted to say something but hesitated, and didn’t know how to begin. At that moment, Electra, who had been searching for Eric, appeared at the door. She saw Eric and Dinah standing at the table and didn’t dare approach them. Electra stood by the marble column near the door and waited for Eric, who was standing motionless, his arm squeezed by Dinah.
“I want to help you,” he said. “I really do. I don’t want to see you unhappy, but your choices are not always correct. You need to think independently, to decide for yourself, not to be led by others, even by your parents.”
“My father only wishes to save the town. He knows he is doing the right thing. Leave them, join us.”
Eric looked at her in astonishment.
“Leave them. Join me. Only one word and I will call off the engagement. I don’t want to marry Thomas. I don’t love him.”
“You don’t understand what you are saying.”
“I do. I have thought over this for so many nights. Please, leave them. Their days are over. You know the Hunters are back. Everyone knows. They are planning another Hunt. The witches’ days are over, they will be killed. All of them.”
“Stop it!” Eric wanted to get out of Dinah’s grip, but she only held him tighter.
“Leave them. Otherwise the Hunters won’t spare you. Join me. I am ready to accept you, forgive you, love you. Just leave the witches. You will have me as a reward. I am more beautiful than all of them together.”
Eric stared at Dinah, digesting what she had said and wondering how much of that was true. She was staring back with expectation; her heart was beating fast, throat was dry. She had just made a confession to him, and now her happiness depended on his decision.
“You are beautiful, but rotten inside,” Eric said. He pulled his arm out of her grip and left the room. Eric passed right near Electra but didn’t notice her behind the column. Shocked by what she had heard, Electra continued to stand by the marble column, then felt someone’s presence behind, and turning around, saw Dickens McCormack. Electra gasped, but Dickens seemed startled, too. He looked at her in surprise, as if not expecting to see her, although he had been standing behind her for some time until she turned around. Bewildered, Electra stepped back. Ariadne approached her friend, took her by the hand, and they walked away.
“Was he sniffing your hair?” Ariadne asked when they went away from the refreshment room.
“That McCormack is the creepiest of all,” Electra said, and shivered.
“The word ‘creepy’ describes him very well,” Ariadne agreed.
Left alone, Dinah, disappointed and furious, took a big strawberry from the bowl with fruits and angrily squeezed it in her palm. How could he deny me? she thought. How audacious, how impertinent was he? He will be sorry. He will be very sorry.
Thomas entered the refreshment room, and seeing Dinah with her back to the door, went up to her. “Did you talk to him?”
She looked at Thomas, but said nothing.
“I saw Eric O’Brian coming out of the room. Was he talking to you?”
“None of your business,” Dinah answered sharply.
Thomas saw the squeezed berry in her palm. He grasped her hand and whispered angrily, “What have you decided? To disgrace me?”
Dinah roughly freed her hand. “I said, none of your business!”
“I think you have forgotten that we are getting engaged soon!”
“And I think you have forgotten that we are not even engaged, yet you already behave like an old, jealous husband.”
Dinah fled from the room, and Thomas, infuriated both with Dinah and Eric, stood in solitude, pressed his lips together, and thought about how much he wished for Eric O’Brian’s disappearance. He knew that Dinah, who would soon become his wife—something he was wishing for eagerly—was pining over Eric, and his inability to win her heart caused hatred and detestation towards his rival.
On the way to their table, Electra saw Eric by the window, and telling Ariadne she would soon join their company, walked to her boyfriend. She put her gloved hand on Eric’s shoulder. He smiled and gently hugged her.
“This is a beautiful place,” he said, looking out the window. The night had fallen, and the reflections of the stars were shining brightly on the surface of the clear pond. The multiple small lanterns, some hanging down the branches of the trees, some inside the lush, colorful bushes, were already burning and illuminating the luxurious garden.
Eric and Electra stood silently for some time, admiring the beautiful panorama and thinking about Dinah’s words, but none of them spoke about their concerns. Eric didn’t want to scare her, and Electra didn’t wish Eric to think she had been eavesdropping on him.
The conductor of the orchestra turned to the guests, rose his stick, hushing everyone, and spoke, “Ladies and gentlemen, please choose your partners. The Ornshire Waltz begins now.”
“Oh, the Waltz!” Electra exclaimed. “Let’s go.”
She dragged a smiling Eric to the dance floor, waving to her friends, who were already there. The conductor waited for everyone to choose their partners, then turned to the orchestra, and the music began.
“Just don’t forget to count,” Electra reminded Eric, and put her hand on his shoulder.
Hundreds of pairs began dancing the famous Waltz, whirling in the ballroom. Eric looked at his sides and saw his friends nearby, spinning elegantly in the dance. Hector was dancing with Eleanora, and Jack, Ariadne, and Medea were waltzing with guests whom Eric didn’t know though he had seen them previously in Hollow. No one was sitting; all the guests were up and waltzing. Everyone had found a partner, and everyone was waiting for the first turn.
“I don’t want to change my partner,” Eric said, holding Electra’s hand tighter.
“Neither do I,” she smiled. “But the time is coming, one more spin, and we shall turn around.”
Without stopping the music, the orchestra smoothly played another song; everyone stopped for a split second and turned around. Medea appeared in front of Eric, and smiling at each other, they began waltzing in the ballroom, looking around to see who was dancing with whom. Hector was dancing with Ariadne, and Jack had met Eleanora on the dance floor. Eric smiled under his breath at the sight of his delighted cousin. At last she was dancing with Jack—something she had been waiting for the whole evening. Eric searched for Electra. The smile disappeared from his face when he saw her dancing with Thomas Baldric. Eric saw how uncomfortable she looked. Thomas’ lips were moving, he was saying something, but Electra was silent. Her eyes were aimed at the floor, she wasn’t responding to him, and was eagerly waiting for the next turn.
Medea saw Eric’s anxiety and that he wasn’t taking his eyes off Electra.
“Calm down,” she told him. Eric looked at Medea. “Calm down, she can handle one minute with Baldric.”
“If he insults her, I will beat him up.”
“Just don’t start a fight here. We have been tolerating insults all our lives, and we certainly can do that for a few more minutes.”
The music changed again. Everyone turned around and met their new partners. Eric stood motionless for a split second, then quickly put his hand over Dinah’s waist. Avoiding her glance, he again looked around. Jack was now dancing with Ariadne, and Hector was waltzing with Eleanora. Medea was Thomas’ new pair, and Eric grinned when he saw how boldly Medea was looking into Thomas’ face and saying something to him with no fear. Medea was the boldest of the sisters and never shunned away from speaking her mind.
“What a bad day!” Thomas said. “I have been stuck dancing with the witches when there are so many normal people around.”
“Indeed it’s a bad day for you, Baldric,” Medea responded. “The day when you lost your trousers.”
“Huh?” Thomas said, and felt how his trousers began slipping down. He hastily reached for the belt, trying to keep his clothing on, while still waltzing. Awkwardly, Thomas looked around, still holding the trousers by one hand.
“Stop it, witch!” he demanded.
“Apologize!” Medea said.
“I said stop it! Now!”
“I said apologize.”
While Thomas was trying not to lose his garments as he continued dancing, though with difficulty, Eric and Dinah spun in the dance nearby. Eric couldn’t help laughing at Thomas’ awkward behavior.
“He’s an idiot,” Dinah spoke, glancing at Thomas, then at Eric.
Eric couldn’t believe she was saying that about someone she was going to marry. She had already said she didn’t love him, but Eric couldn’t understand why she also wished to humiliate Thomas in front of him.
“I don’t want to marry an idiot,” Dinah continued. “It’s a decision on behalf of our parents. I have never gone against my father’s wishes, but I don’t want to marry that fool. Please, help me.”
“Dinah, I am sorry, I can’t … I don’t know how I can help you.”
Eric was confused. He couldn’t stay indifferent when she was asking for help, especially when, according to her, she was being forced into a marriage. But Eric didn’t know how he could help her. “You need to talk to your parents. It’s not late. It’s never late. Don’t do that if you don’t want to.”
“But I have to. Now, if you would only agree to join us. I would convince my father to accept you.”
“You don’t know what you are talking about.”
“But we used to be friends once! Not much time has passed since. We still could resurrect our friendship, our feelings. I know you were fond of me. Your feelings couldn’t have vanished without a trace.”
Eric didn’t say anything. He didn’t want to cause her pain when she was already miserable, but the truth was that remorse was the only feeling he had. He pitied her and wished he could help her, but didn’t know how. He didn’t love her anymore. That feeling had vanished a long time ago without a possible resurrection.
“It’s because of her, isn’t it?” Dinah said, looking at Electra. “That witch stole you from us.”
Eric followed Dinah’s glance and saw Electra dancing with the worst partner in the whole ballroom—Dickens McCormack. Watching them dance was like watching Dickens hurting her and staying quiet. Eric was beginning to hate that silly Waltz. It was an unpredictable dance, and when there were so many people hating each other in one place, that dance was only causing more confusion.
At last the music changed, and the pairs changed, too. Ariadne appeared in front of Eric. Now all his friends were dancing with unfamiliar people, except Eleanora, who was waltzing with her neighbor Dickens McCormack. Dickens—gloomy, dismal—was dancing in silence. Eleanora didn’t seem pleased with his company, but she didn’t fear him like the witches did. She disliked Dickens, for he was unsocial and discontented most of the time, while Eleanora, after dancing with Jack, was too happy and couldn’t stop smiling, reminiscing about their waltz.
One last turn, and everyone was back with their original partners. Eric eagerly hugged Electra’s waist and asked her if Thomas or Dickens had insulted or threatened her. Telling him not to worry about the Easterners, Electra asked if Eric had seen Cassandra in the hall.
“I have not,” he said. “And frankly, I just now noticed she’s nowhere near. And I haven’t seen Raymond, either. Maybe they are strolling somewhere?”
“Maybe,” Electra said, disturbed with a premonition of trouble.


References

1. Listen to the music here (Go back)
2. Listen to the music here (Go back)
3. Listen to the music here (Go back)
4. Listen to the music here (Go back)
5. Romance composed by Spanish violinist and composer Pablo de Sarasate. Listen to the music here (Go back)
6. “Blacksmith.” A traditional English folk song. Listen to the song here (Go back)
7. “Searching For Lambs.” A traditional English folk song. Listen to the song here (Go back)
8. “Hello.” (Indian) (Go back)
9. “Thank you.” (Indian) (Go back)
10. “Thank you.” (Romanian) (Go back)
11. “Farewell.” (Elfish) (Go back)
12. “Battle of Harlaw.” A traditional Scottish song. Listen to the song here (Go back)
13. “Twa Corbies” (Two Ravens). A Scottish folk ballad (Go back)
Performed by Bard Michael Kelly
Performed by Steeleye Span
14. “If I Were a Blackbird.” A Scottish Ballad (Go back)
Performed by Silly Wizard
Performed by Bard Michael Kelly
15. “Thank you.” (French) (Go back)
16. “What do you think of this mansion?” (French) (Go back)
17. “Oh, it is beautiful.” (French) (Go back)
18. Listen to the music here (Go back)

