 Under Cover
Book One
U
Under Chronicles

By

Cyndi Goodgame

Also by Cyndi Goodgame
(Wolf Clans)
Arrow Clan
Sword Clan
(Vampire X Series)
Vampire For Hire
Vampire My World
Vampire The Rogue
Vampire Art Thou 
Vampire Is She
Vampire Thy Banished
(Fey Court Trilogy)
Deception 
Tainted 
Betrayal 
Guardian (Companion Novel to Deception)
 (Marked Like Me Series)
Orion 
Son of Ra 
Scorpion 
Daughter of Anat 
The Shadow Queen 
Protector (Companion Novella to Marked Like Me)
(Goblin’s Kiss Series)
Denial 
Yield 
(Under Cover Chronicles)
Under Cover 
Over Darkness 
Cornered Justice
(Siphon Chronicles)
Siphon
Stolen
Returned
*
Mary Never Had a Lamb, She Was the Lamb 
(Twisted Nursery Rhymes for the Paranormal)
 (Hyde Chronicles) Gargoyle








© September 2013 Cyndi Goodgame
All rights reserved.  No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without prior written permission of the publisher.  This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  Acknowledgements go to the various authors of classic fiction who wrote so eloquently that their words have become easy to quote in today’s written word. 
	ISBN: 
	[1. Supernatural-Fiction. 2. Gods and Goddesses. 3. Magic. 4. War.  5. Prophecies. 6. Gods and Goddesses. 7. Angels and Demons. 8. Destiny.]
Email Cyndi at goodgamebooks@gmail.com
You can reach Cyndi on Twitter at www.twitter.com/scgoodgame
You can reach Cyndi at her website/blog at  http://goodgamebooks.wordpress.com
Follow Cyndi on Facebook www.facebook.com/cyndigoodgameauthor


Summary:

Kali Styx was sent to a boarding school across the country where she knows absolutely no one, but goes because she is determined to be with her own kind.  Things are going well at first.  She has friends.  Classes are fun.  That is until strange things start happening.  They’ve always happened, her friends say.  But she’s the first to say anything about it.  Or so she thought. 
Her father is the dean.  Her mother...dead.  She never met her mother.  She was told she was the product of half human/half angel with the strongest power to rule over her future if she gets control of her powers.  But with so many lies starting to come alight at the Styx Gifted Institute where her father seemingly holds all the cards, she can’t help but ask why she was really brought here.  Or if that is really her origin.
Hayes Under, the darkly wicked level ten in her class has his say in her life on a daily basis whether it’s nice or not.  He has the ability to block her famous spells and get under her skin at every turn.  Webb Travis, who seems so angry all the time, has the same abilities and no one else seems to notice the way he hides it.
They are both the same in some way, yet so different.  Webb was sent to keep her safe.  Hayes was brought up with the sole purpose to cage her into her father’s web.  She knows none of this. 
Yet.

Her father isn’t what she thought for so many years.  He isn’t an angel either.  He is...the angel.  He is one they call Lucifer.  And he’s here on earth to watch over his own until she accepts her reign and takes her place with him. She’s not to come alone and daddy has the one he wants already picked out.  
Hayes is your all around boy next door, NOT!  He is anything but...under the cover of night he is someone else altogether.  Webb is determined to save her from something she doesn’t know exists yet.  He cares, that much is obvious.  Kali is not going to let any of these guys see her sweat.  They fool the rest, but not her.  How will she elude Hayes?  Capture Webb?  And defy “daddy”?  

~~~~~~~~~~

If I could reach the stars
Pull one down for you,
Shine it on my heart
So you could see the truth:

That this love inside
Is everything it seems.
But for now I find
It's only in my dreams.

And I can change the world,
I will be the sunlight in your universe.
You would think my love was really something good,
Baby if I could change the world.

-Eric Clapton, Change the World


Table of Contents
Chapter One  “O shining Odysseus, never try to	9
Chapter Two   Meeting the Devil	13
Chapter Three  The Webb of No Deceit	21
Chapter Four  Teachers in Disguise...Are Just Wrong	31
Chapter Five  Guard Your Mouth, For Sometimes Flies Jump In!	37
Chapter Six  Mona Lisa Had a Secret, There She Kept it Very Well	44
Chapter Seven  Garden of Eden	49
Chapter Eight  Kiss me Deadly	53
Chapter Nine  Dueling Aces	58
Chapter Ten  Among the Greats	60
Chapter Eleven  Curbed by Hounds	62
Chapter Twelve  Can someone say AWKWARD?	67
Chapter Thirteen  It Was Just a Test.  Geez!	71
Chapter Fourteen  Dreams Never Lie	80
Chapter Fifteen  All Angels Have Wings, Don’t They?	85
Chapter Sixteen  Truth or Dare	96
Chapter Seventeen  Rules are Rules	106
Chapter Eighteen  Adam and Eve	111
Chapter Nineteen  Check Yes or No	118
Chapter Twenty  Wolf in Sheep’s Clothing	121
Chapter Twenty One The Plan...or NOT!	138
Chapter Twenty Two  Knowledge is Power, Knowledge is Demise	141
Chapter Twenty Three  I am human...I am not...I am human...I am not...	146
Chapter Twenty Four  HELL on Earth	153
Chapter Twenty Five  The Kaleidoscope of One’s Many Colors 	155
Chapter Twenty Six  The Best Man	161
Chapter Twenty Seven  Entertaining Forbidden Fruit	165
Chapter Twenty Eight  Dancing with the Devil	172
Chapter Twenty Nine  Library Blues	173
Chapter Thirty   Dance with the Devil’s Daughter	180
Chapter Thirty One  Exposed and Raw	187
Chapter Thirty Two  If We’re Being Honest Here...says the Devil’s Advocate!	191
Chapter Thirty Three  Drop that Bomb or Hide the Fuse	197
 	203
 Appendix:	203


Chapter One  “O shining Odysseus, never try to
console me for dying.
I would rather follow the plow as
thrall to another
man, one with no land allotted to him
and not much to live on,
than be a king over all the perished
dead.”

Achilles’ soul to Odysseus.
Homer, Odyssey


Hear me out before you judge me.  I was extremely thrilled to go to a school where my kind existed and would accept me for who and what I am.  But this school was more than just a boarding house for the supernatural world I belong to.  It was the school that my father is the dean of, and a dead relative I don't know the name of, founded.   So needless to say, I was on the fence excited and scared to death.
The grounds of the very southern, below the Mason-Dixon Line were beautiful but it had been two days of driving without a single soul to check on me.  The freedoms I lived with would be taken advantage of by any other teen my age, but I wasn’t your average teen.
Driving under a canopy of red and purple crepe myrtle trees in the heart of the south was a far contrast to the northern states winter white near the Canada border.  I was in heaven.  Beyond the tunnel of trees a vast, plush green fairy tale opened like the spine of a book.  It spoke to me.  It said things like “stop and just smell the earth” and “fresh air bright colors and sunshine welcome you.”  This was the total opposite of a Minnesota summer which didn’t include a rainbow of colors wherever you entered and exited.  And heat!  It felt a little like coming home though I’ve never step foot anywhere outside of 70° F.  This...is heaven.
Pecan trees were all across the left side of the huge mansion-sized school.  I knew this because I’d studied them when my father told me there was a pecan grove.  I intended to eat my weight in pecans and that wouldn’t be hard at 5’11” and hundred and fifteen pounds.  My curves helped me out in the beauty department to compensate for my lack of hating all food but the occasional Ramen noodles or can of corn.  Living with a nanny my whole life who didn’t cook didn’t make for a very enthusiastic eater.
I stepped out of my candy apple green Volkswagen Rabbit that matched my “freakster” eyes and moved to put the top back on.  I love my car!  It was the best birthday present ever from my father whom I rarely see.  I put the top on out of habit since back home weather was inescapable on a daily basis for a convertible.  After that endeavor, my stick blonde hair that I’d worked so hard on with a flat iron was now sticky and not so flat with the humidity in the air.  It was another southern adaption to adjust too!
After taking my time getting the latches on the car right and knowing I was just avoiding the unavoidable meet and greet with my father, I grabbed my one duffle and two shoulder bags and headed to the humongous front entrance steps to my senior year of high school at the Styx Gifted Institute.
The gothic style windows and spires made the building seem old but they were obvious additions from a later time.  If the relative I never met started this place, who was the architect, Dracula?  
My eyes were fixed on the dark figures before me as I left the parking lot and lugged my bags up to the steps catching sight for the first time the men in black. 
Clouds of steam lifted in the air from the humidity and heat.  I stopped to look up admiring the beautiful climbing roses that covered the entrance but really tilting forward to hit the first step and analyze the military style dressed men with razor sharp machetes attached to their backs.  I couldn’t see their eyes and it disturbed me for some reason.  I shivered thinking about why a school would need such heavy guards.  Who else did my father let in here?  Who was he keeping out? Or in!
Like a kick to the stomach, I knew I wasn’t ever going back to what I never really called a home anyway.  Something about this place screamed changes for Kali, that’s me, the not so normal girl.  Here, I hoped to fit right in.
“Ow!” I yelped only because my palm was stinging like a needle punctured it.  The fall wasn’t as hard on my backside as the concrete was on my skin.  I examined the injury and said very quietly, “HEAL.”  The angry red slashes across the heel of my palm disappeared after a mere three seconds and I returned it to my side.  Realizing my bags were still on the ground from the fall, I finally looked up at my assailant.  
She was half smiling with an unreadable grimace across her heart shaped mouth.  Dark brown eyes twinkled back and at me and woke me from my daze. “What did you say?”
“I’m sorry,” she drawled, her southern accent telling me a lot about her.  She pulled her bottom lip into her mouth in wait no doubt wanting to see if I would blow or go.  Her short dark spiked up brown hair matched her eyes and sparkled like she had glitter in it.  Her bright purple fingernails matched her lips and skirt.  She smelled like cinnamon.  
I decided to smile and not start my first day with an enemy behind me.  After rubbing my sore, chapped lips together that were still adjusting to the new air I volunteered an introduction. “Hi, I’m Kali.” 
She smiled back at me and stuck her hand out. “Hi, I’m Alaska, but everyone calls me Lace like the frilly stuff.”
Her name was Alaska and her friends call her Lace.  That’s a new one for even me.  “It’s nice to meet you.”
“Is this your first year?” she drawled preening her shirt smooth again.
“Yes,” I answered knowing this question would be a topic of the day and déjà vu for me several times over.  I hid my fidgeting hands that twisted the earring in nervous habit.
“Well, if you want, I can show you around.  You don’t look like a freshman much.”  She looked me over noting my height more than anything.  I was significantly taller than her.
I smiled at making a friend so fast. “Thank you.  And thanks for running into me.  I won’t have to go alone now.  And I’m a senior transfer.”  Got a friend.  Check~
“Wow.  Never get those.  You must be something special.”  She smiled, picked up her own periwinkle purple colored everything and hooked her arm in mine.  I yanked my own plain Jane black bags up and headed into the heavy dark shadowed wooden doors.  Before the steps disappeared, I looked back from the side of my eyes and called out, “LOOK” to the guard near us.  His eyes shot to mine.  As I noted this for later use, I formed an image in my brain thinking I might need a break from here if it’s this tightly guarded.  The inside might be a bit on the claustrophobia side making me look for an out.  Back in Minnesota, no one ever came looking for me in my seclusion.  I was acquainted with loneliness.  It burned me to think I might have to live that way still.  I was hoping that would change by coming here.
“Whoa!  Your eyes...they just changed.  Like they were black and now they are...shiny.  Like a rainbow.” 
How I hated my eyes.  “I know.  Weird eyes seem to be my trademark.  Sorry.”
“No need for sorry, just a shock really. Weird is the specialty at this place. Let’s go!”
	Maybe there were all manner of creatures here I didn’t know existed yet, but I couldn’t wait to find out.  I knew my own heritage and recently discovered there were more than just angels and demons mating out there.  One day, I would discover the truth.



Chapter Two   Meeting the Devil

Kids, students, adults, parents, teachers, dorm monitors, and all manner of titles crowded the hallway before me.  The walls were dark, wood finish, the stairs the same.  Portraits of various gods like Zeus and Poseidon side by side with Odin and Ra adorned the center of each section between fake column posts indented in the design.  The frames had to measure at least five foot in length.
I heard someone call out, “Mom.” A girl.  I wished I had a mom, mother, momma to call for.  I never knew anyone to call “mom”.  She died.
I heard five different conversations at one time giving me all this information.  A keen sense of hearing can be a nuisance in its worst moments. I drowned them out and held on to Lace trying to avoid the dance club style pushing and shoving that these people seemed to think would get us somewhere.  I eyed the stairs and asked Lace if that led to the dorms.  Thankfully, she hadn’t deserted me yet.  She yelled a “yes” at me and we headed that way.
As soon as I cleared the crowd, a group of all 90210 boys stopped their bantering and knuckle bumps to get a peek at me. I scanned their faces guessing they knew I was the new girl.  Lace shouting, “New girl!  Clear the way” over and over didn’t get lost in the noise by any.  Scanning their faces, I ignored the vulgar innuendos and taunts and continued on, but noted that all of them were gorgeous, especially the one with the dark, beautiful green eyes. Malevolent, but the attraction was still burning a trace through my insides like a lit fire.   Maybe I only saw or noticed this because he was the only one staring at me and not joking or smiling.  He looked full of anger.  
My inner listening abilities zoned out and caught on to the inner voice filling with anger at my refusal to acknowledge him.  He wanted me to bow down or something.   I couldn’t quite catch the whole thought because it closed off.  I didn’t always like that I could hear others thoughts anyway so hearing male arrogance wasn’t something I would be upset to miss.  They needed a reminded that is not nice to stare.
“SIT,” I said looking at all of them individually except to the still standing angry boy and pretty boy next to him. Gorgeous also if there’s a solid difference!  Both of them glared harder at me but didn't hit the ground like I ordered.   
It was simple, but effective with the rest. A look back told me my second attempt failed. Except...the two I’d singled out were still standing even with my repeated tries.  Irked, I curled my lip up at them and took note of their faces once more then pressed upward trying to figure out why they were the first to thwart my moves. 
Being able to command anything is a burden.  There were too many times in my childhood that I took the notion to try it out on others that didn’t deserve to be practiced on.  I broke a neighbor kid’s leg when he stuck his tongue out at me.  At age seven, all I saw was a boy who teased me.  Calling for him to “FALL” into the giant hole he and his brother dug seemed justice at the time.  I didn’t know he’d break his leg.  That was the last time I used it for revenge.  Well, mostly.
Five steps up and I would be free of other bodies and able to breathe again.  Lace advised me to avoid the guys I’d just targeted though I knew for a fact she didn’t know what I did.  I told Lace I knew my dorm number and would love to just head up and be alone momentarily.  She looked at me sideways ignoring the display I just offered and asked, “Aren’t your parents here to see you off?”
I didn’t hesitate, “Um, my mom died and well, my father will see me when he has time for me.”
She frowned, but accepted the answer.  “Okay.  Well, my mum and dad are downstairs waiting.  I’ll see them and catch you at dinner.  What room are you?”  She was pulling a folded sheet of yellow paper out of her mostly purple leather purse.  I did the same.
Mum!  I don’t have one of those either.
“Room 403.”
“Hey, I’m 404.  So cool.  We’re right beside each other.  Here at Styx GI, we’re all kind of in it together since we have to watch each other’s back and make sure no one’s shooting anything at your back at the same time.  That’s not saying the kids are horrible here, just temperamentally delusional sometimes.”
I smiled.  I wouldn’t have to start out completely alone.  Yes, Lace seemed a bit bubbly and air-headed, but friendly and helpful.  A caring heart can go a long way.  “I will meet you at dinner.”
I found the room easily.  I took the shiny new key my dad had mailed to me out of the yellow envelope that matched the yellow folded paper inside and opened my new room.  At last second I asked the location of the cafeteria to a girl in the hallway.  
She rolled her eyes, “Back down by the front doors, down the left hallway and off to the back of the whole building.  When in doubt, follow the other students.  Six o'clock sharp every day.  Later than ten minutes means you don’t eat. Don’t forget that.”  
My door closed behind me too and I...was alone.  I was used to being alone.
On one of the beds was a box.  It had a blood red bow with little stars sparkling around it.  Without looking, I knew it was from my father.  I already know what he gave me for my birthday yesterday.  A fully loaded bank account.  
Inside the box was a two line note.

	Cerb guards my office.  You are welcome anytime.

	Happy birthday to me!
After two hours of being unpacked, checked twice, and staring at the still empty bed across from mine I looked at the clock and found I’d run out of time.  I didn’t have one knock since walking into the room, but I’d heard all manner of bangs and booms as other girls filed into their rooms. And no roommate yet either.  The room felt like it had eyes, but the other half was stark white and lifeless. I listened to the giggles and squeals of friends who were together again after a summer off.  I hoped I wasn’t the only newcomer.
I found my lip balm and lathered up my aching dry lips.  I adjusted my ponytail and checked the clock again.  I wondered then how best to get out of this fiasco of saying yes to my father for moving here.  Maybe it was a mistake.  It wasn’t that I missed my friends or anything.  I didn’t belong anywhere.
With five minutes till dinner, I trudged past the boy’s entrance to their dorms on the third floor and headed down the stairs and down the hallway Lace told me would lead me there.  I knew what was ahead of me if not what would happen tomorrow at least.
Students raced by me laughing and joking.  Boys high-fived their buddies.  Younger students shyly stuck together in small herds.  I was the only one...alone.
When I turned the corner, I couldn’t help but utter a quiet curse of astonishment and awe.  The room I stood in now was bigger than half a football stadium with a ceiling covered in hundreds of family crests walls of stained glass that mirrored prisms of serpents and goddesses across the opposite walls, and tables lavishly covered in food.  I’d read about it on the webpage where it told little else about the exclusive secretive curriculum other than it wasn’t affordable to even the richest and max capacity was fifty students.  Every family crest represented in the school hung there.  All anyone could say is, wow!  But it did seem to me a question should arise as to why these families owned a family crest in the twenty-first century.  And would one show up for me.  Not likely.
After staring absurdly too long in search of what could represent a daughter and father like my own I looked across the extremely crowded cesspool of hormones.  Boys were drooling in every direction over skirts and girls were swooning right back.  Curses. 
I rolled my eyes at the scene and instead started to scan the room for Lace, my only recognizable face at the moment.  She sure enough was waving largely from under a colorful stained glass representation of Athena standing next to Eve in the garden of Eden.  When I was two steps away she asked with a bit of surprise, “Do you know what level you’re in?  I assume you’ll be near level five or higher since you’re new and a senior and maybe even put you in a level or two up.  What’cha think?”
I shrugged and answered while trying to block out all the voices, “Is that how we’re grouped?”  For the most part, there was just regular audible noisiness, but I heard the term “new girl” so often it was hard to ignore.
“Yes.  After introductions and dinner, we will move into our levels and remain there all year.  You’ll take classes with them too.”
Oh, didn’t know that.  I probably just lost my only friend.
“Um, well, I will sit with you till then if that’s okay.”  I was not a shy person.  I could kick someone’s butt to Kansas and back with sarcasm and my right hook kick, but this girl was anything but mean.  So I was trying to be nice.
Lace sat and patted the bench beside her forgetting thankfully to repeat her question about my level.  I was already blocking everyone and guessed I only had trouble earlier because I’d been out of touch with others.  Remembering the stairway incident I released my hold and found that I couldn’t hear anyone no matter how I tried.  It was gone.  Five more times later and nothing worked to correct it.  But correction a hidden talent that I’ve never told anyone I have wasn’t exactly easy.
Lace went on about things about the school.  She mentioned duels, feasts, and a Halloween ball.  
“A ball.  You have dances?”
Lace giggled and asked, “They didn’t have dances where you came from?”
“No.  No, they didn’t.  Just prom.”
“Oh, human dances are fun too.  I went to one once.  Loved it.”
Chatter and laughter erupted all over until a singular boom caused them to react.  A clap of thunder followed, then a scatter of bodies, and silence. I looked up at the front table in the room meant for the leaders of this fine establishment and there he was.  
His coal black eyes were wide and piercing the distance between us.  Lace sat us halfway back across the side of the cafeteria putting us a good thirty feet from the head table.  So knowing he knew to find me fast only confirmed to me that this man was powerful.  
Suddenly his even lipped mouth smiled and called the room to attention.  “Welcome.”  A smooth, solid slice of power came from his voice.  He was in charge and didn’t doubt his ability to govern the masses.  “The groups will be divided after meal.  Enjoy, for eight o'clock comes to us all in fourteen hours.  One will not do well to have only a few hours sleep to forge through their first day.  Though many will.”  A charismatic smile spread across his face with a small laugh and then disappeared, though this appeared to be an attempt at humor.  And no one laughed or dared a smile.  Curses.  The man was downright scary just like I imagined.
Seconds withered on and slow murmurs turned into whispers and escalated into conversations with food being stuffed into talking lips.  For a few brief seconds in time, I wished to be back at my old high school.  It wasn’t half this disgusting to watch.  I sat quiet and surveyed my closer spit drawing neighbors.  Lace was talking to a girl on her other side whom she called Shell, about classes so I drowned them out knowing I probably wouldn’t be in class with her.
A boy diagonal from me was engrossed in a conversation about the summer confrontation he had with a baseball to the eye, hence the black eye he was sporting and proud of.
I looked down the length of the table and saw boys and girls of all ages in various small clusters catching up on everything they’d missed about each other.  I left our table and moved across the room to the far other side to compare the differences in our own.  
All seemed relatively the same until my observations shot back to a pair of stark green eyes that were staring straight at me.  No, they weren’t grass green, but they were bright.  They were something else, but I’d have to get closer to see.  I zoned my hearing in on the table he sat at hoping to catch a reason for his watchful eye.  I blinked once and muttered the word, “HEAR,” hoping the hearing spell would give me the clue I wanted.  He flinched at the exact time I said the spell and slowly a small edged smirk formed on the left side of his lip.  I didn’t imagine it.  Did he know what I did?  No one else ever had.  Then again I’d not met many of my or any other kind from the supernatural world. What level might mister stare happy be, I wondered.
He didn’t remove his eyes from mine, but nodded and let the smile fall away. There was more than just the sly front on the surface of them.  There, hidden behind the brilliant color, was something with a fire of recognition.  It was as if he recognized me. And I heard nothing. And I had the strange feeling a real feeling, I knew him.  Recognized him too.   But that wasn’t possible.
When his look dropped away from me and joined the all guys cluster around him, I spied on for a minute before checking out the rest of his group of buds.   Oddly, he really did seem familiar.   I stared again a bit too long at the shade of his hair.   Burnt cinnamon brown fell haphazardly into his eyes as he laughed at the boy next to him.  His eyes drew in when he laughed and made his chiseled stubble chin draw up and show a fresh dimple on one side.  I moved my eyes down to his neck eyeing a piece of silver peeking out of the top of his button down royal blue shirt where two buttons were left open.  I wondered what the charm was.  When my gaze went back to his face, his eyes were back on mine.  I shifted fast in my seat and jerked my head to Lace in hopes of appearing deep in some conversation, but it wasn’t going to happen.  When I peeked back in his direction, his now angry, stony eyes were there, speaking a lot and saying nothing.  I didn’t look back again at him until Lace called my name pulling my attention to her.  I answered appropriately and sensed the menacing green ones that mirrored my own catching me off guard yet again.  I’d seen him on the stairs.  That’s why I recognized him.  He was the other linebacker type that remained standing when I threw my little piece of magic.  I smiled viciously at him only to play his own game back and because it wasn’t nice to stare at the new girl. 
“Who is that?” I asked her.
“Who?”
I carefully pointed his direction and remarked about the color of his hair to be sure she named the right one.  It was a lighter shade than the other starer whom I’d ignored.
“Oh, that’s Hayes.  Be careful of that one.”
Worse was the heat that ran through me from a simple catch of his eyes again like he heard.   He was bad news and I wanted every second of the headline plastered to my face.  There was a connection to him, a fizzling fire.  A subtle wink came like a beam of light in my direction.  And the smile was as vicious as mine.  I wondered then if I’d met my match.
Not realizing the time had passed so quickly, I was startled when the powerful voice from earlier boomed a smooth one word attention getter. “SILENCE.”
One word spells are powerful. I only knew two who had the ability.  Myself and the man who just stood.
Everyone immediately silenced and turned their heads towards mister hush man.  I watched his impassive face never crack a smile.  “The food will be removed and you will move to your leveled tables.”  He eyed me and nodded. Ugh!
My eyes darkened just thinking about it.  I could feel the irises spinning behind my eyes.  To most, it resembled little whirlpools of color.  To me, it represented the strangeness my father had always deemed my steroid of sorts.  Unfortunately, it was also often my kryptonite. My emotions were displayed for all to see and too often it settled on anger.
I stood as Lace did and found myself asking how the levels were made across the room. This avoided the dreaded question of what my level was because it would soon be all too revealed. 
Lace started pointing.  “We are at the level one table and it counts over from there.  The über awesome talents are at table one on the far side.  Watch out for them.  They like to snake in their über snottiness on the rest of us showing off their charms and such.”
Bloody brilliant.  
“I’m heading to the level six.  Where are you—”  
	I walked away before I could make a fool of myself.  Wanting to go back to my old all human cafeteria where I could openly hide I slow walked towards the front table hoping to frost the head man a little and force a comment out of him, but it was a no go.  He didn’t look up from his yellow stack of tidy 8 ½ by 11’s he had in front of him.  A small stack.  A stack of one.  That made another confirmation for my own stack of notes in my thought pile.  I was the only new student.  Check~
With tiny steps landing me centered at the front of the room, I successfully pulled all the attention to myself anyway because the tables were cleared and students were sitting quicker than I wanted.  Everything blurred for a moment as I caught that the tables near where I was just sitting were completely full and tapered off across the room indicating that the higher the level the less were seated there.  I wanted to sit fast and just hide myself from lingering stares but it was too late.
Frozen in place, I watched as the last few people sat at their table all turned to spot the new girl.  I just stood there, my fists rolling up.  I thought of the skinny jeans I’d chosen to throw on coupled with my princess sleeved fitted tee that sported a bright glittery silver halo smack on the front of my chest against the glowing green that matched my eyes.  My favorite shirt.  It told others of my ironic nature in the human world where no one knew what I was.  Yet here, there were no secrets.  Right!
I shifted m—usually, very confident—ballet flat feet and peeked up at the bottomless black eyes behind me once more for assistance.  When he didn’t help me out in the least I turned from him and pivoted my feet to the left.  I regarded the shiny spotted floor as I walked towards the far wall and turned to follow the table down.  One, two, three, seat four.  I sat down and closed off the view as an audible gasp filled the huge cave of a room.  Murmurs sped around the tables hinting all kinds of malice and “she’s going to get killed” and “she has a death wish.”
“SILENCE.”  The smooth voice boomed.
The room was peaked to attention with watchful ping pong glances at both of us no doubt waiting for his wrath of which I didn’t doubt the validity of. 
He stood, waved his hand towards me, and smiled for the first time since I walked into this new life.  It couldn’t be called a nice smile.  Not even a caring smile.  A kind of smile that says I’m in charge and you will be happy, happy, joy, joy when I tell you only smile.  
“We welcome our newest student, Katelynn.  She will share with us tomorrow her talents and you can be acquainted more then.  Welcome her openly and treat her as our own.”
And that was all.  




Chapter Three  The Webb of No Deceit

I never quite understood the question that says, “Is the glass half empty or half full?”  What’s the difference?  Eventually it’ll end up empty and in the trash.  The room before me was half excited with the other half holding their breath to see my next move.
I opened my eyes to see too many pie-sized patterned mouths aimed at me.  Girls glared.  Boys whistled.  Others coughed and gasped.  I dared a peek around the table I “belong” too. Sitting across and beside me were seven other bodies officially placing me out of my element.  All male bodies that looked like they were right off the defensive line. 
All seven were sizing me up including mister blue eyes, now that I was a bit closer and avoiding the other one, showed me a very inhuman gaze of Florida waters teal blue.  They were too pretty for a guy.  I forced my obvious stare on to the body next to him.  Long, dark black hair and full of muscles like Florida.  Next, the same type.  Curses.  They all were.  I was friggin’ surrounded by god awful hot hormonal teenage boys.  I quickly looked to table nine in hope of a set of boobs anywhere close.  I had some luck ahead.  Maybe.  There were two girls seated there and giving me the death glare.  Maybe not so lucky.
Table eight had double that on the estrogen count.  And it pretty much doubled twice again until you hit level four and below which was pretty much even.  This is going to be a nightmare.
A deep baritone announced his name from across the table.  “Jason.”  His hand jutted out all dark and tan and the size of a truck.  After I hesitated he started to pull back, but I darted my hand out and pulled at it unambiguously to hide the strangeness I felt.  I wasn’t shy, ever.  A first for me.  ”Kali.”
He had a pull about him.  Something that made you want to gain his affections.  It was weird and I wanted no part of it.  Whatever magic he contained wasn’t good for a female. His draw was lethal.  
“A first for me.  You must wear the breastplate of pure iron,” he laughed and glanced to Hayes then let me bewildered and unaware of what it meant.
“Or twisted genes.”  I didn’t hear the one who said this, but it had me wondering if they knew who I was.  Who knows?  Maybe they had powers to read minds too.
Each one of the level ten’s said their name as they went down the line but no one else tried to shake my hand.  Tray was next.  His face seemed the friendliest of the crew with his fair-colored hair and brown eyes. Hayes sat at the end with a sardonic smile on his beautifully smug face as he said his name and checked me out with his sadistically green eyes. Is face altered emotions like he went through seasonal changes by the hour.  
Next was Florida who studied my changing eyes a little too much.  “Webb.  Level Monitor.   If you need my help, just ask.”  A few of them snorted a laugh.  Boys!
Next was Kace and then Ben who both just looked like muscled mass.  And beside me was Chris.  His chopped, spiky hair was colored blond at the tips making his earring shine in the fluorescent lights.  He was pretty enough girls are probably jealous of his skin.  
And there it was.  My new classmates.  They were all lethal if expected to be equal to them. 
I considered this exclusively small group as they shifted in their seats monitoring as to whether they could handle this or not.  I was just thinking not when the too hot for his own good Hayes piped up to say with his thick but rough timbre, “Well, we were in need of a little female leadership around here, beautiful.  Sometimes we tend to act like animals.”
I scanned over the many bulges of muscles and ripped abs in front of me and decided yes, I was in deed in trouble.  But this girl I’d become could throw a good punch.  With magic and words at my fingertips, I could take on all seven of these boys and not break a sweat if practiced a few specific moves.  I always have the last word. 
My confidence recoiled as I sat up a bit taller, “Boys, we will all no doubt benefit from each other’s expertise.”  I was sure my eyes were somewhere in between dark and glittery black ice as I like to term it.  I hated it, but unavoidable.  Like a firecracker, they were always reigniting based off my emotions.
They all squirmed in their seats as if staring a demon down with my alternating colors making eyefuls of decisions their way.  That seemed to do the trick.  
The one named Webb said with a smirk, “I sense a but in that statement.  The majority of us gained expertise in your abilities on the stairs earlier.”  He was all bad boy to the bone, but there was sweetness and niceties attached to him to, like the best big brother you could ever have.  Hot big brother, but protective.
It was the entire group from the stairs.  Great!  This gets better every second.
Hayes, who I’d stared down earlier, laughed maniacally and shifted his body weight to reach into his back pocket to maybe adjust his wallet and said, “Now, now miss.  We need our wits about us.  If any of us get near your benefits, we will all suffer.”  His voice and mannerisms suggested a certain lack for the rules, maybe even immoral.  Yet, he had something else behind his eyes, trust.  Nothing about this seemed to fit him.  
The rest of the group cleared their throats and simultaneously nodded in his direction like it was a directive.  That confused me.
“I appreciate the sentiment and will hold you to it.  But rest assured I will not lower myself to pig swine or succumb to your powers but would otherwise feed you to the devil himself.  Just hold your own and I’ll hold mine.”  Guessing they were all thinking I was a timid mouse, they didn’t know I’d spent the last eighteen years with a militant nanny, no mother, a far away father, and dodging the hiding of magic.  I would eat them for lunch.
Or so I thought.
At the same time, two of them answered.  Hayes grinned wide and leaned into the table where he sat, “Be careful what you wish for.”
“Oh, I have plenty to hold, sweet thing.”  This was from the one across the table named Jason.  He packed a smile that sent girls screaming away and straight to him.  He was all bad, but in a friendly way.  Maybe too friendly.
The boys all smiled, goading all the while.  All but Hayes looked nervous.  He was laughing and watching my eyes with something slightly violent in his own.  I glanced at Florida, better known as Webb.  He was scowling at the other testosterone filled hecklers but when I held my head out and over to see his face more clearly and he just moved his eyes ever so slowly to mine.  There was something in them that said something completely different than the rest, but I couldn’t name it yet.  
The head table of teachers were standing when the black as night eyes were once again on me, and waiting. He stood I hoped a final time tonight and said, “Acquainted, no doubt.  You will report to eight o'clock class promptly.  Lights out at nine o'clock.  All new students report to me before leaving.”  He definitely held a certain amount of charm that most, no doubt, found appealing with his handsome face, but he gave off another air that held a certain distinct edge of darkness.  A darkness I’m worried he passed on.
All the friggin’ eyes went to me again.  Heck!  I was the only dang new student.  What did he have to do that for?
I stared at the ceiling trailing the smooth white plaster between the flags while imagining their eyes instead of seeing them.  Somehow, it seemed less offensive than to be singled out. 
The students were grouped by their level of power, I learned. Level ten being the highest and generally only allowed in that level when you’ve been in four years of classes.  That’s not me.  I heard the conversations they were having about me being seated with the level tens. 
Hayes stood and blocked my path.  
I waited having no reason to think he would patronize me like the others and perhaps would offer some type of help based off his actions in the last ten minutes.  He was impossibly hard to read.  Cruelty and kindness seemed to duel in his mind by the looks he gave.
Wrong again!
“What are you muffin, a fairy?”
Pretty confident in my abilities, it wasn’t a big deal testing Mister Smartbutt with simply head games.   “Muffin was the girl who dumped you over the summer for a hotter piece of muscle.  And it’s none of your business as—
“Kali.” The deep voice from the table boomed just now acting like a concerned teacher.  Now he says it right.  I wanted to scream for him to pick a name.
Still in a standoff, Hayes and I stared now four solid air filled inches away from each other waiting for the other to make the first move.  I skilled myself closer noting he was a good five or six inches taller than me and realized I was close enough I could smell his spicy cologne therefore losing the edge of intimidation I’d intended.  Deciding it was a rather useful distraction to avoid the angrier man behind me, I backed away suddenly and blinked to force myself to forget the scent.   
Hayes gained a smug all devil smile across his perfect lips and moved a fraction to the side for me to pass.  I was forced to brush against his outstretched arms due to muscle mass and both of us skittered back when our bodies touched. The term “in slow motion” came to my mind when he finally moved past me.  I stopped midstride and looked back to see the same reaction. It was pure electricity.  If a person’s stare could actually melt human parts, his just did.  Whether it was a good thing was yet to be determined.  I liked it. I didn’t.  I really did.
I left my table and met mister smooth and powerful head honcho at the front and center.  He didn’t look at me but at the seven boys who were fake coughing and walking away now.  Webb and Hayes were the last to move, both watching my approach to the black suited man who stood a foot taller than any of us. “Hayes, stay so I can discuss her academic plan with you.”
Webb’s jaw twitched as he looked from me to Hayes and back.  He nodded to all three of us and walked away without a turn.  At his exit, the doors automatically closed and we were alone.
Mr. Tall, Dark and Vampire look-a-like said to Hayes, “I want you to meet my daughter.”
This is it?  No hi, how ya doing, I’ve missed you more than anything.  Daddy Warbucks looked like a model father next to this man.  
Equally as charismatic, Hayes stuck his hand out and said, “It’s a pleasure to meet you Miss Styx.  I’ve heard much about you.”  He turned my hand over and kissed the back, his eyes twinkling. All the tiny hairs on the back of my neck stood up at attention like the shoulder rubbing we’d just encountered.   I didn’t flinch or give him the satisfaction of a swoon worthy reaction he was probably used too.  Still, he seemed to have a hidden depth shrouded even from father that me, the outsider, could sense.
“Kali.  Styx.  But you obviously knew this already.  Now, I know you, you know me.  We’re hunky dory.  What next?”  I wouldn’t let them see me sweat.  God, my armpits were on fire though.
Hayes frowned lowering his gaze, studying me letting me award a score one for the level ten Estrogen pumping overtime.
“Do you have your schedule?” he asked me taking my hand in his again.  I peeked at my father’s reaction to this.  Surely even a far away father would shelter his daughter from man handling teenage boys.
I pulled it out and handed over the folded sheet with my schedule.  He scanned it and turned to good ole dad.  “I wasn’t aware she would be placed at level ten until now.  Will she start with us where we left off last semester or should we knock it down for her?”
Dad said, “She will perform anything you are able to do.  She is not to be unattended to.  You will aid her in classes, but Webb will monitor her progress.  If she shows any digression, I will handle the situation.  Otherwise, you will be at her...beck and call.”  And with this, dad smiled.  Like the devil.  Not at all like a father.
And consequently, I didn’t get the impression that Hayes was new to my abilities or much of the information at all.  It seemed kind of rehearsed and yet his eagerness to help was still there.  I basically didn’t get any part of the conversation other than the fact that my two mentors were slated more than just that.
“You are dismissed,” he told Hayes.  
Hayes bowed, and left.   The doors opened for him, and closed when he faded away.
“Daughter,” his arms went around me as he said this with what sounded like compassion.  I stood stark still and allowed myself to be hugged.  He let it go and stepped back. “I have missed you,” he said.
I look up at him.  “I don’t know you.”  Bitterness consumed me.  I didn’t like how he showboated me in front of the arrogant Hayes.
“Don’t be like that.  I told you time and again that I can’t be the father like you want.  I am who I am.  Now you are ready to join me.”
Yes, he’s a fallen angel dean of this school who thinks his work is more important than me.  I know very much.   “I am not your priority and you know it.  I am here because you asked me to be.  I get who you are now.  I get that I’m a tool, not a daughter.  I’d like to know what it is you procreated me for, but also get that you’re not telling me.  I will complete this year only because I wanted so badly to be with some of my own kind.  But if I’d known I’d be singled out like so, I’d have never come.”
“Daughter, you are one of a kind and more like me than you know.”
“I am nothing like you.”  Sadistic evil man.
“In time you will see.  The spotlight is unavoidable for you.  Anger for it will slow you down.  If you need anything at all, come to my study or call a FIND.  If I’m available, I will be there.”  His eyes didn’t darken like mine would have at this anger he showed through his lips pinched together, but then I had a feeling his eyes stayed that way all the time.  
If I’m available?  What father says this?  “And if I’m dying and breathing my last?”
“Don’t be ridiculous.  My daughter is invincible.”  His smile was dark, menacing.
I hate him.  He’s just plain cruel.  He exemplified just how much I was unwanted.
“I will check on you tomorrow after dinner.  Beware of those who befriend you.  Motives aren’t always easy to see and lead you only to wrong paths you should be maneuvering or outmaneuvering not being maneuvered.  You are stronger than any other in this school but no one needs to know this just yet.  Take your time.  Build your level up to others.”
“But I—“  He turned his back to me getting something off the table.  
“Oh never mind,” I mumbled.  Run away.  That’s what I wanted to do right at that moment.  It’s what I have always done in the face of uncomfortable circumstances.
And I caught the part where he said, “no one needs to know just yet” with my skill level.  The one I was born with, not developed and still could improve on.  I can’t count the times I threw something out there and massacred a pile of clothes in my closet or worse.
He patted my back like I was his new business partner once more and told me to head to bed.  I turned around to ask him about having a roommate, but he’d vanished.  Stupid magic loveless father.
I headed up the empty stairs towards my room staring at my feet to keep from tripping on the narrow incline.  My view obscured by paying so much attention to the floor, I missed the two feet that popped out in front of me.
“Your name?”
“Is that a statement or a question, Chico?”  He balled his fists at his side.  I glanced down at them.  “Are you going hit me?” I said bitterly.
“No.  Your name?” he forced out.
“Kali.”  My lips pursed.
“Kali what?”
He knew.  God, news travels fast.  “Kali Styx.”
I turned my eyes down to hide them knowing they were black as spades with my own rising anger and fear because this one didn’t know my full identity and appeared to be angry at confirming it while the other knew my whole twisted history and treated me like dirt for it.
His eyes widened, then closed.  He was holding his breath. I didn’t know what to do since this is only the second time I’d ever been in a standoff with a boy, or girl for that matter other than in sparring class at karate back in Minnesota.
“And?” I asked.
“You are the dean’s daughter.  The angel.”
“Yes.”  Short answers only I told myself.  It hides emotion.  A string of un-nice curse words let out under his breath as he refused a “goodbye” turned full circle and really left.  
Well!
Shaken and exhausted, I didn’t expect to find a short spiked-haired Lace standing in purple stripes pants and a tank in my room.  
“Hey, roomie.”  She was automatically my friend since I was developing enemies already.  Lace was already on the top of the list.   The friend, not foe list. 
“What are you doing here?”  She sat back down on the bed and continued taking her toe polish off.  The purple was about to be replaced with...darker purple. I scanned the empty space from before now adorned with rocks. Every shade of stone, ore and more were spread across the shelf, over the bed, and across her entire side of the room.
“You don’t know what they are?” she asked me.  She smelled like cinnamon like the afternoon.  In fact the whole room did.  It was burning between two rocks she had labels on.  Bloodstone and Quartz.  
“They are rocks!”
She cocked her head to the side and sniffed the air in an odd way, “Bornite and bloodstone mean nothing to you?”
Looking at her like she was crazy, I told her a big fat no.  “Should I?  Is that something we study?”
“I like rocks.  They help me survive in this cold, cold world.  And I switched with your schedule to be in here with you. Figured after that display you’d need at least one friend.  Ginger is room 404 now.”  She said this with a shake of the head and a giggle making me think her bubbly attitude would make even the devil smile.
I was excited to have a downtime smile from being the spotlight, so I hugged Lace tight and didn’t stop.  She let me.  “Thank you.”  I sounded soppy while dodging her wet nails.
“Well, if the rumor that circulated within roughly about sixty seconds of the doors shutting is true, you’re gonna need that friend to survive.”
Lace waited wanting my reveal.  “Depends on the rumor.”
“Well, it would be much more swoon-worthy to discuss the dogfight stare down between you and Hayes Under or maybe the instant glare developed between him and Webb Travis.  Or maybe we should start with the fact that on your first day you raised the stink eye of nearly fifty students who have worked their entire lives to get to the status they have and you waltz in and start at the top.  But we can start with the ancestral chain of command if you like, Miss Styx.”
I watched her breathe now with a huge smile spread across her face and blew on her toes to dry the first layer of nail polish.  “Well, I can see my snarky attitude is shared among my female counterparts.  Unfortunately, the hand-me-down generational history is true although I’ve seen my father only a dozen other times in my life.  The stink eye seems to be unavoidable since I was born this way and have always been able to complete level ten magic though I never called it such.  The horror stories of me as a toddler all through the junior high stages were the worst but I’ll share another day.  And as far as the first two, I don’t know why Webb and Hayes hate me or why my father feels I need a bodyguard though he termed it very different to them.”
Lace sat cross-legged across the center of her made up bed and waited for more.  I copied her and sat across from her grabbing my brush and taking my hair to a much needed detangle my hair from the ride down.
“Bodyguard?  Who from?  The guys in your class are who you need protection from.”
“Not much for staying out of my business I see.”
“No point.  We’re going to be best friends.  Might as well get it all out on the table now.  You’ll need the backup come tomorrow.”
I sighed appreciating the gesture but scared to share at the same time.  “Back stabbing isn’t something I forgive, Lace.”
“I’ll keep that in mind.  Use that energy on your harem of testosterone tomorrow.”
I rolled my eyes at the horrid unthinkable nickname for the group I would be with and told Lace, “My father told me that Hayes is to stay beside me daily and Webb is to monitor my other progress, whatever that means.”
“Geez, some girls have all the luck.  Let me know if you wanna trade.  Can’t match the magic, but sure wouldn’t mind getting burned by either of them.  Hayes is some hot piece of heaven and Webb is well, all secrets and hard to figure, but a smoldering fire waiting for something to walk over his coals.  Many have tried to conquer both.”  She wiggled her eyebrows up and down really fast.  
I threw a black halo sequenced pillow I’d adjusted ten times during the lonely afternoon at her.  Lace laughed as she returned it.  We both fell back and lay down on the length of our beds.  I propped my knees up and bent my head sideways when I heard her clear her throat.
“What?”
“What are you?”
Lace just had to ask like Webb.  Was it because I knew my father worked on the wrong side of heaven?  Did they think I was as evil as him?  “Um, angel.” I pointed to my shirt.  She glanced at it, but swallowed and said, “Yeah, thought you’d say that.”
She said this like she didn’t believe it.  Webb looked at me funny too.  Hmm!  “You guys know my dad, why would you have to ask?”
“No reason.”




Chapter Four  Teachers in Disguise...Are Just Wrong


I changed my clothes and found that sleep was not far away.  When my favorite song rang loud and clear about poison I shot up straight as a toothpick into the air and found two eyes surrounded in black eyeliner and purple eye shadow staring into mine.  
“Don’t get me wrong Chica, but I don’t wanna be your girlfriend.  And what’s with the Spanish?  Someone heard you calling everyone that.”
I sure knew one thing about coming here. I haven’t heard one supposed southern accent out of any of the people I’d met yet except Lace.  Maybe everyone in the school was a transplant like me.  “Nothing really.  Just a friend back home called me that.”  I frowned only because he was one of the few friends who didn’t ostracize me back home.  The dorm room was doused in cinnamon making it almost hard to breathe.  “What’s with the cinnamon overdose?” I yawned.
“Oh, helps increase magical elements, helps with our powers.  You should try it.” 
Yeah, like I needed more power.  I have too much and it’s hard to suppress it.  They had no idea just like the humans.
	“Helps psychics too.  I have one under your pillow for you already.  Helps with money and healing also.  But from the looks of and what I think I know about you, you are all good on both those ends.”
How did she know stuff like that?
Lace stood up and looked at her periwinkle bracelet watch feigning daintiness, “I got you’re back today.  You have exactly twenty minutes to be ready and in class at the far side of the building.  You’re a ten, so farthest to go.  See ya.”  Lace bounced out the door in head to toe purple.  She was definitely going to be a light in my coming darkness.  
My flat iron didn’t appear to have helped much with the humidity even on the inside of the school, but at least my other super cute green princess tee that matched my eyes and hugged me just right made my confidence rise a little.  My diva jeans and heeled boots were looking good with my pony tail adorned wrist for jewelry aside from my diamond stud earrings from last year’s mailed Christmas gift from daddy!  I headed down several upstairs corridors smacking my pink cherry gloss and repocketing the tube.  
I started to worry that I was late since the hallway was lonely, but found a happier shock as I turned the knob of Room 205 and watched as almost fifteen pairs of eyes zoomed to little ole sweet me.  Talk about new girl entrance. A concerted gasp fell over them.  The happier part...I eyed quickly my seven beefy boys and eight or so more bodies all seated with them from the level nine table including two females. I wasn’t completely alone.
“Well, the princess joins us.”  Hayes Under moved towards me and took my hand like he owned me, giving me a look that was more than just lust.  It was something genuine, but I wasn’t sure what.  And he seemed the type to present himself like the sex god he was.  I stumbled three steps before snapping my hand back, thinking how much I wanted to hurt him, and popping his finger out of joint at the same time. Oops!  Great beginning.  The sane reasonable voices in my head argued too much to let up on being normal and accepting insults from hot boys who thought they were the bag of chips to the female population.  Not.going.to.happen.
He didn’t flinch.  He didn’t argue.  He lifted his finger and stared at the quick swelling.  I muttered a fast, “HEAL,” under my breath and saw his finger return to normal.  The room gasped in fear or approval or shock—not sure—but they know of my relevance to being in the class now.  Maybe internally I did it on purpose to gain acceptance and lied to myself about being an accident, but I would play it off as such.
Hayes turned his immeasurable shock on me, then like the click of a button, turned it back off.  “God that was so hot.  Do it again?” he asked with a smirky smile staring at me and shaking his hand out in front of him.  All trace of the possible nicer guy look in his eyes vanished.
I rolled my eyes at him and looked around at the desks and asked, “Where do you want me?”  Okay, so I absolutely was not the quick thinker that my sarcastic side sometimes let shine.  
“Can I discuss that with you privately without an audience or are you an exhibitionist?” Hayes said looking me over and over again unabashedly.
I completely ignored him this time and moved to sit down in the first seat I saw and threw my backpack down.  I knew everyone in the room just stayed frozen and watched, but there wasn’t anything I could do at the second that wouldn’t warrant me to kill Mr. Hayes Under. 
I heard fast scuffling and hoped that meant a teacher was entering and rectifying the situation.  Stupid me sat on the corner seat and didn’t have to look over and back to know Hayes was behind me and Webb was beside me.  My insides fluttered when I peeked under my hair in Webb’s direction to see his steely teal eyes were a tad darker and broodier today.  I darted them away just as fast to the front of the room only to find my father’s black ones staring me down as well. 
“Father,” I said a little too loudly surprised that he was here.  And the teacher.
Gasp!   The whole class let one out in unison.
The freaking gasping needed to stop.
“Yes, a less formal introduction is in order.  Kali, if you’ll join me.”  I looked at him and begged him with my eyes to not do this, but his undeniable charm was showing out.
I dragged my feet up to the front of the room and turned showing an unreadable expression like my father to the group in front of me.  For a brief second I was excited once again to have girls in the class with me, but by the way they were looking at me now, I didn’t think they were considering me for BFF status anywhere in the near future.  
“I want you to formally meet my daughter, Katelynn Styx.  I’ll let her tell her own story and give her time to get to know the family we’ve all become.  Kali, as she so chooses, is in fact a level ten and has been since she was born.  To discredit the fact would be a disservice to her abilities.  So respect her talents as well as she will respect yours.  For now, Kali, just give them a little background.”
How about I share the fact that he just called them out to be more like a family than me?  Or that yesterday he told me to downplay my skills. “First, my father here is misleading in the mention of family.  I’ve lived with a nanny, Miss Stoy, for eighteen years and attended regular human high school.”
“You were with humans?”  the brown headed mousy girl in back said to me.
“I had no choice.  As I’ve never really seemed to have been in charge of my own destiny, I made do.  It wasn’t a hardship.  I’d rather be there now.”
Mousy girl put her hand to her mouth to cover it.  
My father cleared his throat.  “What else do you want me to say...father?”  
“Perhaps touch on your talents?”
I heard the boy name Jason mutter the word “touch” aloud to his neighboring horndog friend.  “DOWN,” I barely moved my lips to say.
Jason was sprawled across the floor now.  My work went unfounded because all it got me was a comment from Jason as he spread his arms wider, “Just how you want me, babe.”
The only other girls in the class all giggled at him and sighed like he’d said something great and profound. 
My father actually let all this innuendo talk go on without so much as a reprimand.  I looked at his regal authority driven calm, cool, collected face.  “What?  You already told them I’m God reincarnated.  Supposedly I can do no wrong.”
“Daughter, watch your tongue.”  The tension in the room couldn’t be cut with a spoon.  “Kali is skilled in every art.  She cannot be challenged in her magic.  Therefore, you do well to stifle the usual duels away from her.  Only the fifteen of you have the ability to improve.  I am only stating a fact.  However, her mouth needs a good clean heads up of who she is with now.”
Giggles and snorts erupted.  I snapped my head to the culprits.  All eyes showed every amount of fear manageable.  So naturally, I played on it.  I moved my lips to open very slowly and watched and waited.  But when I looked at Webb, I saw only menace and icy waves tickled up the back of my neck.  Why was he angry and not afraid of me?  
“Her defensive skills and physical contact need fine tuning.  Webb, you will bring her up to speed in the sparring ring and self-defense.  Hayes, you will assist her in all other means.  As far as her mouth, she will have to control that on her own.”  He turned his glare to me.  “Now, if you will take your seat, we will begin today’s long awaited lesson.”
What father talked like this?   Did he want me to be the class slut?  Did he realize how he made it sound to be put with two guys for new girl orientation?  
We listened to Professor Styx tell us that every morning five days a week we would spend thirty minutes discussing the developments of supernaturals integrating into the human world and how to monitor their interactions.  As level tens we were the top of the top of upcoming figures seen as political moves into the next generation.  Blah.  Blah.  Blah.  I didn’t care about his motivations for political improvement and wondered how this related to high school senior English class.  The only disagreement came from Jason who questioned why we weren’t continuing the discussion on the art of disguise and increasing dueling skills.  He was told thing changed because I joined them.  It would be a useful skill to turn myself into a rock, but I couldn’t change physical atoms into other things—I already tried and failed at that skill.  For which didn’t seem fair if stuck with all the rest I owned. 
We exited the classroom and were told to meet back in the same room at noon for Classic Literature.  I’d read every classic possible within a regular high school and wouldn’t have dreamed I would come across the country to a supernatural school for freaks to study John Milton’s Paradise Lost.  Been there!   Done that!
I let everyone else file out noticing that my shadow, Mr. Hayes Under, stayed behind me.  When we were out of earshot from daddy, I asked over my shoulder to Hayes in an attempt to stay ahead, “How did you get lucky with the new girl assignment?”
Hayes looked at me solid and still.  His lip dipped down a bit before easing upward into a smirk I’m familiar with now.  “Guess I’m charged with fixing that mouth, Kate.”  His eyes reverted to my lips and back up.  He said this like he was testing out the way my name sounded clicking his tongue to the roof of his mouth when he said it.  It made me slightly on the agitated side.
“Why you?”  I swallowed to calm my inner nerve that kept poking me in the stomach with how he said my name.  Unforeseeable pain was the only feeling following him.  Hayes was an unexpected heart-wrenching mistake waiting to happen.  I couldn’t have seen him coming if it had been written on my forehead.  I ignored the comment he offered, but not the way he said my name different than anyone else.  My father probably just told him too much.
Still, I hoped I wouldn’t fall for any of Hayes deeply split-second mind holds he seemed to have on me.  Or worse, I hoped no one else would notice.
His smile deepened and holy crap if I didn’t notice the dimple. His cheek lifted slowly and I followed its movement then checked the other cheek hoping for a double dose of dimple gratification.  No, just the one.  Although, I had some inner thought about making him smile enough to make the other cheek dimple, it was quickly shut off by the way he caught me looking.  Some things are better left to the imagination, and he was too dangerous for my fairy tale no matter how dark my heart might be sometimes.  His was darker.
“Nice speech by the way.  Not rehearsed well, I see.  Professor Styx explained last week that you were coming.  The daughter part was kept a secret to everyone else.  My father worked for your father. Guess he’s just setting up a little playdate service.”   He continually watched my eyes change with his ability to alter my reactions to him.  Emotions were my worst enemy.
I stored this information minus the innuendo and all of the slow motion from the way the entire conversation played out.  Maybe it was me reacting to him more than him causing it.  Check~
He stopped me from leaving by putting his hand on my shoulder blade.  My own dark gaze turned slightly left bumping his fingers to my chin to observe his fingers press into the skin above my shirtsleeve.  “Give them a break.  They didn’t know you existed until last night.  They just need time just like you.”
“Wow!  Did you just say something to me that didn’t have a suggestive connotation involved?” 
His devil smile played out derisively, “Don’t hold your breath too long.  Who knows, you might like it one day.”
“Don’t count on it.”  My heart leapt.  I was pathetic.
He just laughed, delicious and rich making my stomach flip and flutter like the pages of a book.




Chapter Five  Guard Your Mouth, For Sometimes Flies Jump In!

Since I had no choice in whom I was partnered with, I now stood a foot away from big huge and massively hot as everything Webb Travis.  I mistakenly stared at his chest too long because he’d apparently cleared his throat for a second time before I pulled my point of view back up to his own.  He had a satisfied smile playing across the now shaven chin.  Being around high school boys and what looked like men posing as high schoolers was my problem, I decided.  It would just take an adjustment.
“What?  Like I can take down that.”  I pointed to his pecs and abs and all of it to hide my ogling.  “I’m a black belt in two forms, but I’m not Supergirl.”
“Aren’t you?  From what I hear, you’re pretty much a goddess who walks among us...your subjects.”
I rolled my eyes. It was a bad habit of mine.  “Don’t believe everything you hear.”
“Well, that was big talk back there for the sudden change in humility. And I know what you did to Jason in there.  Sure you’re not on multi-personality drugs or something?” Webb smirked, but not nicely.
“No.  And I’m not defending myself against a self-centered cocky beefed up boy who thinks his hotness will get himself somewhere in life.”
Webb’s eyebrow raised, “Hotness.  Hear that Hayes, she thinks I’m hot.”
I blushed crimson red at my brilliant insert foot into mouth moment.  “I...I didn’t mean...oh you know you’re hot.  Step back Mr. Smug and let me take you down.”
His other eyebrow shot up now.  Curses!  My dang mouth would have me in chains one day.  
“Let’s start with blocks,” Webb said vaguely, his demeanor changing with a backwards glance to Hayes.  My brain lost focus for a second watching Hayes handle a sword so well.  He was great.  He was powerful.  He was easy on the eyes to watch.
I noticed we’d acquired an audience after completing all blocks, strikes, and ending with kicks.  Webb took pride in saying that while my kicks were good, I needed to work on my form.   When I reared back with my best sidekick to prove myself to him, my personal best, and rammed it into that precious beefy chest of his, it faltered.  It never made contact because he caught it and held it midair. Even with holding more control since taking karate I couldn’t demolish things quite so much as with my mind.  It wasn’t actual strength that powered me, but my thoughts.  What I wanted, I simply got.  So I turned it off the best I could.  My father said once that the karate lessons he signed me up for would improve my instincts and skill, not advance any magical ability.  I understood this even now as I attempted a quicker wit and better speed and understand my surroundings.  “And you need to work on your attack.  You’re predictable.”
That was it. I’d had it. 
The one I heard our gym teacher call Bridgett said loud enough for all to hear, “Guess the school princess isn’t so hot at everything after all.”  She smoothed her strictly white curls smooth again and snubbed her nose.
I could tell Hayes was close.  His cologne mixed with the warmth and sweat of the room and was all around me.  He wasn’t easy to ignore. As if this were a side conversation I wasn’t involved in, Hayes said back to the whole room, “Oh, she’s hot.  My turn next, princess.”
Bridgett huffed and walked away.  Her friend I now know as Bailey did too.  Perfect, I thought, the only two females I’d spend much of the days with were already my enemies.
“You’re wrong.” Webb said.
“What?” I squeezed the space between my brow.  Everyone thought little of me now with the grand entrance to the school.  If Webb, who I thought was my enemy and then not, was now angry too, then I was as good as toast.   Mama said there’d be days like this.  Oh, wait.  I didn’t have one of those.
“You’re assessment of me is wrong.  I’m not self-centered.  I find myself very focused...elsewhere.”  He walked away leaving me breathless from the kicks.  On purpose.  I looked side-to-side and all around to see if anyone heard.  No one was looking at me...except Hayes.  Only his eyebrow rose at my now staring problem that often seemed to aim his way, but it was enough for him to note my blatant obsession after one freaking day of being here.
“Maybe you go about showing it the wrong way,” I tried to catch up to Webb to avoid Hayes.
“I resent the notion that I am capable of doing anything wrong.  Not one complaint as of yet.” Webb’s fiendish grin preceded the last word.  He was being playful, not angry.
I heard the noise from behind me and knew it to be Hayes snorting at Webb’s comment.  His scent was edged into my mind like a tattooeven if I avoided him.  
I decided silence was bliss in this case.  I couldn’t win against male pride or point out how equivocally female they were being about it. 
We broke for lunch and headed to the cafeteria.  Time seemed to crawl as the day went by.  I was thoroughly excited to learn that lunch was unassigned seating and I was free to go find Lace and unwind.  I was actually looking forward to sharing all the dark horribly wretched events from the morning and get them off my chest.  
Her smile was contagious and very busy at work.  By the time it came my time to share about the day, people were heading out.  She apologized and promised I could go first in our room over popcorn and her favorite vampires show downloaded to her tablet.  Before shoving off the bench I glanced the direction of the far end of the table we’d been squeezed into to see Webb walking beside a girl I didn’t know. She was tall like me, with short really dark almost black hair and a pretty smile.  She put her arm around his shoulder as if they knew each other well.  Something inside of me welled up and started to burn as if I needed to protect him.  Before my head could think about why I would need to protect him I muttered, “SEPARATE.”  The girl jerked her arm back to her side and looked around confused and dazed.  I realized a second too late that I’d done that to her.  Curses.
And worse...Webb’s eyes went straight to me.  He knew.
The girl said her goodbye and kissed him on the cheek.  I don’t know what came over me.  It felt like a deep burn to my insides attempting to keep him from harm, but that didn’t make sense.  We returned to the afternoon class with me avoiding him and finding out from Lace that she was an ex girlfriend, but that he had many of those and this one was just a friend.  One he did make an enemy of enough to anger at the breakup.  
“The fall of man depicting Adam and Eve in the garden shows not only the balance needed among earth dwellers, but a side depiction of the god of the underworld and his choosing to enter earth for some ultimate goal that gains him a favor of sorts.  We will explore both aspects as well as the ideals of the two once being gods themselves.”
“Can we act out the Adam and Eve scene for the class, Professor?  I’ll volunteer if Kali will.”  This was the one called Jason.  Bridgett shot her hand up and volunteered.  
“I have one sarcastic daughter. I don’t need more of it from you, Mr. Foster.”
“Dishing it doesn’t mean I can’t take,” I slipped in.  What the hell kind of class was this?
“I can contain her, sir.  I will talk with her,” Hayes offered behind me.  His smooth like ice voice said other things.  Like he meant to actually maybe to protect me?  But I have yet to see anyone else notice the contradiction hidden in his voice.  He was vile in the worst ways, but now and then he’d slip in a look that said otherwise.
My father ignored Hayes, “You will all save the comments for another time while while in the classroom.  In fact, save it for dueling.  I renege my earlier comment about the idea of excluding you from dueling.  It will do you some good.  Saturday nine o'clock.”
A collective groan vibrated through the room.  
After that class and the study of magic where I became the displayed guinea pig I headed through the corridor hoping to escape to my rooms in a giant hurry.  I hadn’t managed to lose my shadow that’d not left my side except lunch.  Even then he was still close.
“Pissing off the level tens isn’t a good thing.”
“Cause I care.”  I looked at Webb Travis who was taking a turn trailing me like Kayes.
“You pull off this I don’t care attitude with the rest, but I see right through you, Katelynn.”
“Saying my name different doesn’t make you rule over me.”
“I told you, I see you.” A funny feeling surrounded my eyes as he took a step closer causing me to flinch.  His eyes held every bit of pure amusement mixed with hate or something else.   I didn’t run, but curiosity ate at my brain so I asked, “Why do you hate me?”
I thought he was my friend.
He didn’t answer right away, but I saw his lip twitch.  “Hate is a very powerful emotion.  Have you examined the emotion yourself?”
“Go back to your girlfriend and leave me alone.  I don’t have time for this.”
He was very close now.  Too close for friend zone.  “I don’t have a girlfriend.”
“Fooled me.”
“Why would you ask when you are in the I don’t care fan club?”
He was two inches from me now.  My fists drew in.  I was absolutely full of fear to kiss this guy as he made the moves to do so. Playing tough girl had its hang ups.  When I thought he was about to lean in for something else entirely, his hands folded against my fists and held them.  After a few long seconds I felt my hands uncurl and warm up realizing his fiery palms were flat against my sweaty ones.  Once again this resulted in him being so close to me that I thought my breathing had stopped altogether.  
He stepped back.  And again.  
“What did you do to me?” I stuttered as I wrung my now cool to touch hands. 
“Monitoring.  My job.  You’re emotions will be your downfall, Kali-girl.”
“Don’t call me that either.”  He gets that close to me and has the gall to say he’s doing his job.  “If that’s your job, you’re fired.”
“You’re father wouldn’t approve.  He appointed me to this.”
“And I have authority over me.  No one gets that close to me if they want to live.”
	“Yet here I stand.”
Oh, “WALL!” I called the spell before I knew it and had him slammed against the hallway beside us with my arm in his throat.  He was taller than me so this required my tiptoed precision.
“Is this how you captured your human boys back in Minnesota?”
Huff!  “I couldn’t even hardly talk or much else with human boys without screwing up and finding them with broken bones.”
“Like out of joint knuckles.”
Curses, bad luck followed my butt around like a sick puppy.  He knew what I did to Hayes.  “And why do you care?” I returned the same question he asked of me.
His mouth twitched again.  “I don’t.”
“Then our conversation is over.  I’ll take your words under advisement.  Consider me well monitored.”  I should have let my arm fall away from his neck now.  He knew the instant it was there that it was a fake.  I applied no pressure.  I only wanted to see if he would comply.   And boy did he.  All of him.  I was folded right up against him now like I’d never been anywhere near a boy before.  I’ve never had a brother.  I didn’t even grow up with a father.  But there were parts that boys have that I don’t.  And after this unexpected anatomy lesson for the day, boys are off limits if they had this much power over me. 
“Be careful where you aim those,” Webb said hoarsely.  
Out of it, I didn’t know his meaning till I blinked back into focus and saw that he was watching the weirdness in my eyes.
“Kali.  Webb.”
And just like that we were two feet apart.  “Father.”
“Professor Styx.”
“Is...there a problem?” my father asked.  He was dressed today in a dark suit, but not black.  Maybe midnight blue.  Most might even notice it, see how handsome he is, but they would never get passed the blood red tie that hung to perfection across his chest before they saw the rest.  He was the essence of cool and collected and creepy and dangerous.
“No sir,” I applied my best mannered voice he’d never heard, “a difference of opinion.  But all is kosher now.”  Ugh!  He’d see right through me.  And here I thought I was such a ice queen.   I looked from my father to Webb again to see how he was reacting.
Should have known.  The stoic non-expression he’d given when anyone else was around was all that he displayed now.  Not very becoming of a father.  Webb looked scared enough to pee his pants.
“I hope you are not using your power to intimidate your classmates, daughter.”  
Did he really think that’s what he saw? Well now, kiss my grits. We are in the south!  
“Father I assure you, if anyone is abusing their powers, it’s not me.”
His reprimand wasn’t for me, it was aimed at Webb, but I the only one who spoke.
“Very well.  Carry on.”  And he took his fine Armani shoes quietly down the stairs never looking back.  If I’d known I’d see this much of my father would I have moved here earlier?  Even with the overdone watchful eye that really wasn’t as protective as a father should be.  I am not going to answer that just yet!
When I turned to finish with Webb and be on my way determined to shake this growing edginess I felt when I neared him, he was gone. In his place was Hayes.  I didn’t give him the time of day either.  He didn’t deserve it.  And I wasn’t sure how to end him or Webb watching me so closely. 
Afternoon classes were fine.  Jason was missing.  When I asked Webb why he wasn’t in lunch either, he shrugged and looked back towards my father then asked why I was counting heads.  Call it instinct, but something felt off.
Dinner was the same as yesterday with the exception of no spotlight on the dean’s daughter and Jason was still missing.  That’s not to say I didn’t get a fair share of crude, rude, or even a few high-five comments before I ate a plate full of almond green beans and mashed potatoes.  It was the most I’d eaten in a week.  Several girls from other tables came over to snake a conversation with me on what it was like to spar Webb and be chased by Hayes.  I didn’t have as many enemies as I thought but I was a little surprised to find that most of the sups in this room were just like normal teenagers.  My two beefy level tens seemed to be the only far from normal.  They both had some kind of extra powers the others didn’t.  It was all noted in the private diary of my brain and ready for usage if needed.





Chapter Six  Mona Lisa Had a Secret, There She Kept it Very Well


My shirt yesterday said one of my favorites, “Vampires Rule.”  Yeah, original.  But wait till today’s special pick for Webb himself.  I knew I would wear it before I pulled it out of my new four-drawer dresser in the corner of my room.  
“I see through you too.”  I told him, announcing he wasn’t the only one analyzing the other.  If he intended to make a point at keeping tabs on me, the same would be done to him.
“Well, Kali-girl, are you trying out your x-ray vision now?  We all know you have more power than us.” Webb announced to all at the gym.  
“Stop calling me that,” I demanded but could see he wouldn’t budge.  I took my spot from yesterday and prepared to make a better show of my kicks today. And definitely my arm blocks to the neck.  A little replay for Webb and his cocky attitude with a real life choke might do him some good.  No, I could never overtake any of these guys physically, but I didn’t need it.  It wasn’t my hands I feared.  I would have to concentrate not to order my brain to kill him.
I did do a better job of faking kicks to him but he reassessed me so fast I was starting to wonder if he was a mind reader.  When we practiced blocks and strike combos, I readied myself for the coming chokehold of choice.  He must have seen the glint in my eyes because the moron saw it coming.  He pulled my arm around me and pinned me to the floor, bruising my bum.  Curses.  
“Hold that position.  YouTube highlight of the day!”  Jason was punching buttons faster than I could squirm.  It was at this moment I realized something.  I’m not stronger than Webb Travis.  
And Jason was back and looked fine. Mostly.
“I see right through you too, Kali-girl.  Transparent as glass.”  
Webb pulled my thoughts back from Jason’s reappearance.  He wasn’t moving.   I mouthed on purpose to make it look like no sound was coming out, “OFF!”
You see, I can pretty much picture my want or need and it happens.  Cool, but not cool when you’re a teenage girl who turns twelve and turns the basketball into a deflated pincushion in front of twenty other people.  And that’s just one small story to tell.  
Webb rolled off of me faster than a normal speed.  Everyone whistled and egged us on.  Hayes was pissed for some probably stupid reason.
Coach Wagner told us to get back to work.  Hayes was now holding a hand out to help me up, so I took it leaving Webb on the floor dusting my rear for the fun of it.  Hayes leaned over and whispered in my ear, “Nice moves, princess.” And the darn fool planted a slow kiss on my cheek and slapped my rear.  Hello!  My heart raced like a freight train.
I glared at Hayes, feeling a bit disheveled and flushed as I bit my bottom lip like I always did when I knew to control my anger.  Or with Hayes, something else altogether.  Something gleamed in his eye, almost with a red tint.  Thinking I was crazy, I dismissed the thought. When I tipped my head back to check on Webb and be sure he was waiting for me to regroup, he wasn’t glaring at me like he had been the last two days, he was glaring at Hayes. 
Webb moved back over to where the two of us had a homey sparring square that conveniently became ours on the first day of school.  He waited watching me intensely like he was daring me to make the next move.
I assessed this in my brain and decided snarky was the better option.  “Thank you Hayes for the rescue.  I saw my life flash by.” With my eyes never leaving Webb, I kissed Hayes on the scruffy right cheek.  Sadly, my body liked that too.
Hayes unfortunately ran with this and wrapped his arm around my waist pulling me to him.  My face was forced away and collected by rough hands capturing my cheeks up close.  Hayes planted yet another kiss on my mouth this time.  Nothing but a closed lip kiss, but very PDA.  “You’ll be mine, princess.  Nothing can be otherwise.  His eyes were on Webb as he planted one more slow-moving mouthy kiss on my lips. It tasted like fire, the embers of the flame or the burning ash of the smoldering remains mixed with honey. This time, I know I saw red flash across the pupils of his eyes.  I had no idea what to make of it.
I blushed, not because the kiss was long enough for it to mean a thing to me but because everyone saw this.  I think, no I know, Hayes felt me react to the kiss even as I shrugged it off. I scanned the room frowning at faces including Coach Wagner.
I walked back to Webb who fumbled with his black finger gloves and looked anywhere else but at me.  
“Kicks,” he grunted.
Okay, now were using one-word sentences that were not spells.
“Again,” he said with an even darker tone.
I rewarded him with a hook kick to the head, but he blocked it.  We continued on for five or so minutes each time blocking and such.  My anger had not subsided in the least and the fact that he was having a hissy fit twelve-year-old girl style didn’t improve it.  So when I threw out a fake side kick and came around with an opposite spin kick to the ribs, he went two feet back and landed on his backend.  His face was in so much shock that I stood stark still and just blinked continuously.  
I reached out my hand to help him up, but he refused.  I made a “riffing” sound towards him and he glared just as class was called and we headed to the showers.  I didn’t say a word to him, but I had a few for when I saw him next.
The cafeteria was bustling and bodies were moving everywhere.  It seemed today that people kept hopping tables to talk to different groups and clusters.  I sat where I did yesterday with Lace and mostly picked at my food.  I tried to not to look up anywhere in the room to avoid seeing what I didn’t want to see like I did yesterday.  When did I get this hung up on boys?  Well, I think it may have to do with the fact that they are more like me in the less human department.  I wouldn’t hurt them and they could take my weirdness.
“I heard from someone in level nine that you got a peek at Hayes’  other tattoo.  They called it a viper, whatever that means.  I thought a viper was a snake.”
It is.
	At the sound of his name, I was alert.  But at the hint of me seeing Hayes’ anything on his body that others might not, I was peaked with straight up curiosity.  “Yeah, right.  The gossip in this place is worse than the human school.”
	Lace’s friend frowned. “Thought you’d say that.  The kids around here just like juicy stuff.  Some say it’s on his butt.  A snake striking or something.”
	I hated to admit I would sincerely like to find out.  And where the other one is located.  It sounded more visible and obviously well known.
I raked the peas on my plate and heard Lace asking me something else so I looked up to ask her what she’d said.  But it wasn’t Lace.  She had been replaced by a big huge beefy Hayes.  I frowned at him hiding my excitement.  I didn’t know why I watched him so eagerly.  He was just bad all the way around and my heart loved it for some unearthly reason even if he wasn’t always the kindest.  In my head, I knew I’d never fall for a guy who was too oozy on the niceness but Hayes fit a whole different category of bad.  And I wasn’t sure he was one to get tangled with and survive.
Analyzing my frown he said, “Well, I’m disappointed too. No kiss for me this time.”
I openly discerned his face trying to read him.  He didn’t have much depth that I could visibly see at the moment so it wasn’t hard to figure out he simply just wanted to sit here and be seen flirting with me.  I returned my eyes to my peas and listened to him ramble about the lack of meat from today’s meal and he was still so dang hungry.  I drowned him out and messed with my peas again arranging the grand design of an exquisite smiley face in the center.  
As Hayes moved into a production of how he should be teaching me self defense and—
“Your Mona Lisa needs to smile.”  I looked down seeing that my smiley face was no doubt frowning on the plate and looked back up again to see Webb walking out the double doors.  Hayes was still talking but now glancing to see where my eyes wandered, he acknowledged my ignoring him by clearing his throat and growling at me.  When I reconnected eye contact he was pinching the bridge of his nose to hold back his anger.  Well, I’ll be.  He didn’t like being ignored.
I smiled at his pretty boy mad face and shoved off the table.    
In afternoon class I walked in to find Webb walking away from my father’s desk with an inconspicuous anger issue going on and Hayes walking up to it.  Two minutes later, Hayes is behind me beaming ear to ear.  Whatever the two conversations involved, they had the opposite effects on the two guys.
A few days passed with nothing but the same.  Webb avoided me.  Hayes didn’t.
On the surface Hayes was all about the attention, but it never went farther than annoyance.  I continued to ignore it while he made himself visible to all that I was his chosen territory for the time.  He was the kind of guy that probably made a habit of it.
Lace was a nonstop chatterbox at night, but still took turns listening to my woes and laughs.  Vampire television time took first priority on most nights for her.  She’d even started substituting names for the characters including my own and various guy names I’d recently become very acquainted with.  In her eyes, the show had a total makeover with our school as the stars.
Tonight, we ventured out into the halls after lights out to sneak into the kitchen for ice cream.  We made it back unscathed but I felt eyes on me the whole way.  Either way, I knew I was about to become a night walker in the darkness of the Styx Institute for clues about why I might really be here.  I just had a bad feeling every time my father watched me a little too long or made a comment indicating I’d be ready soon.  I wanted to know what I needed to be ready for. 






Chapter Seven  Garden of Eden


By the time Saturday dueling came around, I’d learned that only level tens were allowed to duel openly and all could watch.  There was a field just outside the pecan grove I didn’t know existed until I was walking into it with my seven opponents.  The rules were clear.  Nothing that could kill.  Well, I was glad that’s clear.
I worried in some frame of mind as to who would heal me when I was on the brink of death and decided to chance the possibility of the first conversation with Webb I’d had since the little display in gym.  I wasn’t sure if the others knew I was practically immortal with the exception of beheading, but wasn’t going to enlighten them if my father didn’t.  Hayes didn’t leave my side much, so I took this opportunity with him up ahead to talk to Webb.
“Who will heal me if I’m unable?”
“You’re father is the only other who can heal.”
“Really?  No one else?”  I just assumed others could.  He and Hayes had more power than the rest.
“No Kali, we can’t.”  Webb called me by my name, not the other one.  He was sure still mad at something but I didn’t know what exactly.
The wind picked up sending a small shiver through me, pushing me on with the crowd.  The pecan trees towered above sending eerie shadows aligned with our forward motions towards the arena that held as many secrets as the new classmates around me.    I nodded to the all in black guards that towered over the front steps and poured down the walkway that led to the arena.  I didn’t like them watching me.  They looked like evil hounds from Hell who would take you away in chains at the slightest reprimand.  When I looked beside me to ask about them, Webb was two steps behind me.
The rest were up ahead and I delayed my steps hoping Webb would catch up so I could say something but my ploy didn’t work so I grabbed his arm and pulled him even.  That’s not an easy feat when the arm you grab is the size of two softballs and has no give like my own.  He turned fast and made me run into him.  “What?” he was breathing in my face.
“Why are you so angry with me? What did I do?”
His face did the funniest thing.  His nostrils flared out and when they were filled he closed his eyes and held his breath.  O...kay.
“You okay?” I ask.
“Kali, you need to just stay away from all of us. Anger is not what holds me back.  It’s something much worse.”  He probably doesn’t think I noticed, but his eyes shot to the guards and back, then Hayes.  This was not what I expected at all.  But with that said, he wasn’t moving away either or allowing any sense of hearing his thoughts like I tried back on the first day.  I couldn’t read him at all.  In fact, I’d not read a single thing from him or Hayes Under since day one.  Or anyone else for that matter.
Once again our noses were an inch apart and I could smell the earthy, masculine smell I’d come to associate with him.  Thankfully, nothing like Hayes.  I whispered for fear of wanting or not wanting the answer, “Why?”
“Because you just have to.”  Nothing more.
Once in the arena that was secretly hidden from an outside world by the mountain of trees, I looked up to the sky seeing way more eyes than I anticipated.  The whole school had turned out to see this.  Under a cloudy sky without rain, the students chattered in anticipation like this was rare.  According to Jason, I instigated this one.  Above the door I was framed inside of the largest television flat screen with Webb scowling behind me.  I saw the larger than a small plane Teletron machine that scrolled, “Welcome to EDEN ARENA.”
I caught up to Hayes since Webb was being a difficult jerk and asked him why everyone was here.  “Everyone always turns out to see the top tens beat the crap out of each other.  Tradition around here.”
“Some tradition,” I clicked my tongue.  “Watching your classmates getting butchered isn’t fun in my book.”
“Well, Kate, it’s not like we can kill all of us, can we?”  His eyes watched me and for a brief second letting him know I was scared of him.  He was usually jovial, and I’ll admit funny even when he’s being suggestive and flirty, but right now, he looked cruel.  Unyielding.  
“And you’re confident that no one will be seriously hurt today, Hayes.”
A little glint showed up in his eyes any time I used his name.  It kind of unnerved me a little, but I’d be lying if I didn’t admit I kind of liked saying it to get the reaction it warranted.
“No, princess.  I’m not.” 
Jason and Chris were first.  Jason won the duel with a blow to Chris’ feet using a sword he conjured electricity into.  I learned that witch magic helped their cause.  Mine was natural.   It was odd to see others perform magic that was like waking up and brushing my teeth to me.  They’re just a part of my daily routines.  Tray and Kace were next.  They went on forever.  Finally Kace won with a finishing blow to Tray’s head using no magic at all.  His pretty face was deadlier than I thought.
The entire arena made a collective gasp as Tray laid there still for several seconds before shaking his head and coming back up.  I walked closer and whispered a HEAL spell over his head.  He felt it and told me thanks when nearing where I stood.
I hung back to see if I was next.  I prayed that I wouldn’t duel Webb or Hayes, but I also didn’t want the two of them to duel each other.  
 Ben still had yet to duel and I’d been told that before I came to the school one of them had to go twice.  But now...I was here to save them from that.  They took turns, but it usually took a toll on the volunteer and the healer, my father, would not spare them at all like I’d just done.  At least he hadn’t yet.
I looked on as Webb stood with his back to me waiting for who would go next.  I’d pondered a lot last night as to why Webb always seemed to know when I used spells.  I call them that for lack of another term.  I had a theory and felt now might be a perfect opportunity to try it out.  “LOOK.”
Webb turned around so fast I nearly fell over from the movement alone.  He paused and blinked.  He looked at Hayes who didn’t seem to notice or care what he was doing.  He leaned into me and whispered, “Aren’t you the least bit curious as to whether it was the spell or if I heard you?  Or both?”
“Travis and Under,” the speaker announced saving me. I could smell trouble brewing.
Both of them stepped up to the center of the now sun lit arena where all of their weapons and armor flashed in the sunlight.  My own armor, which I’d never worn, clanked as I shifted uncomfortably in silent anticipation for the worst.  
As far as I knew, these two boys had never liked each other before, but they seemed to absolutely loathe each other at this single moment.  And the crowd seemed to feel this permeating out of their every step.  
Hayes initiated the first move.  He raised his sword as Webb pulled his back.  No magic, just pure strength which to me had its own magic.  This amazed me about the both of them.  Different than the other boys in our level ten group, they seemed to have a superpower strength unlike the rest.  Needless to say, everyone would enjoy this duel but me.
There were grunts and yells.  The clash of metal on metal.  When Hayes lost his sword, his little fancy stars showed their ugly malice.  No, we weren’t allowed to kill each other, but scars still appeared no matter how many times you were healed.  And I finally figured out how they dueled like this so vicariously because my father healed their every ailment.  If they couldn’t do it themselves as I thought, then they relied on him.  Right?
One of the silver eyes scraped the top edge of Webb’s arm making my insides burn with the fear of him being hurt.  I popped out a HEAL before he could move anywhere near the inner circle to get Hayes again.  He felt it and nodded sideways to me.  I was a little surprised he acknowledged me after our little confrontation earlier.  I was even more surprised at my inner need to protect the guy.  My gut feeling said he needed to be protected yet able to protect me is what he claimed he was doing. 
After the few seconds to recoup, Hayes had his sword and they were at it again.  Boys!  They were content with all out testosterone “fist fights” with each other.  I wonder now that I’ve been here and have seen that boys are the same human or not that we aren’t far from human relations.  It’s not like we’re another species.  I’d read in Paradise Lost during Lit class this week how Eve was considered second in command to Adam and that Adam truly believed he was right no matter the small details that lingered overhead like, I don’t know, the serpent of evil.  
Yet I secretly giggled on the inside when the class discussed how Adam drools over his girl and can’t help but follow her into sin no matter the cost.  Men were so easily distracted by batted eyes and swaying hips.  Of course, we women are in complete control of our own urges.  We are not easily seduced by men at all.  Right!

Chapter Eight  Kiss me Deadly

Pulled out of my bedside brain episode, I join the masses by whispering to Ben beside me, “Why did they stop?”
Ben shrugged, “Don’t know.  Never have.”
Huh!  
So I did the only logical thing, I used hearing spell to eavesdrop.  “HEAR.”
It worked this time.
“Okay Halo Boy, we are obviously both enjoying this by getting it out of our system just to go at it again when we see her next.  Oh wait, she’s here, watching.  I wouldn’t want her to see you laid out flat on the ground.”
Webb was getting impatient and leaned on his sword, “What’s your point?”
“Let’s make this more interesting.  Up the stakes.”
“What are you talking about?  I won’t let you hurt Kali.  I’m sworn to protect her and you know it.”
Protecting which parts I wonder?
I heard Hayes’ inner thoughts.  I didn’t even know I’d zoned out that much energy since I didn’t think it worked anymore.  I pushed back a little not wanting to hear.  If Hayes was the only one I could hear, I was in trouble.
I saw Hayes shrug even from where I stood and heard him say, “I win, I get to kiss my girl for real and you hold your feet to the ground while I do it.”  Hayes said all of this very slow and precise.
	“And if I win?”
“You kiss her once and once only.  I leave you to it so you can know what you’re going to lose.”
I watched Webb crack his neck side to side.  He was really thinking about this.  They were talking about me.
“Fine.  Deal.  But you hurt her and I will kill you, Under.”
“Deal.  I’m not in it for love.  Lust.  Power.  Hell awaits.  But if you touch her even once or come close to it, I’ll kill you first.”
And their swords met in the middle making a crossed X pattern from the distance I watched from.  The crowd screamed and yelled its taunts and bellows at the fight restarting.  Provoking each other with threats drummed up all kinds of ill will in these boys.
Why did it feel like a lion’s den and I was the side order?  
I pulled back my spell knowing that when they are sent out not to a specified one person, they were undetected.  It didn’t make sense to lose it and gain it like so.  Maybe it’s just inside the building. Maybe it’s just them.  They do have more power than the rest.
My eyes glazed over as I watched in the background of my mind.   They just bargained a single kiss from me.  A fear grew to the size a watermelon in my stomach.  There was more to this than a kiss.  I made it a personal goal right then to find out more about the two of them.  My dad’s personal files would be the best logical first stop on the Nancy Drew trail for answers aside from all the others I needed.
Ahh!  I heard a yell recognizing it as Webb.  He was hurt.  Hayes slashed Webb across the chest.  
“HEAL!”
It must have been deep because Webb coiled backwards and held his chest like a wounded animal.  He didn’t glance my way this time because Hayes didn’t give him time too.  
The sword came at Webb again and he dodged it.  Webb pulled upward and at the last second faked a feverish blow left and hit Hayes on the right arm with his armor gloved fist forcing him down to the ground.  Hayes grabbed his arm, looked at me as the blood trickled down, and drew his face in complete anger.  I knew the reason.  I didn’t heal him.  And I still didn’t. I wasn’t told I had too.
He recovered well enough and resumed.  They were heated to a fast tempo at least ten more minutes before Hayes let out a loud DOWN spell that didn’t have quite the power I did but close.  I didn’t know he could work magic without fancy spell words like the others, but he just did.  I was right about Webb and Hayes being different.  Webb was sprawled eagle on the ground in four directions and a second later on his feet yelling TIED. Hayes’ hand was now tied to the sword he held with a rope I didn’t see appear from anywhere.
I was in utter shock.  Both of them could throw a spell. Why didn’t I know this?
Seconds ticked before Hayes could say RELEASE.
They countered back and forth with several lower level spells until Webb got the upper hand and came at Hayes with the sword in one hand and a dagger in the other.  He swiped several inches away from Hayes face with the dagger, holding the sword as a backup.  I pondered if my father, who watched enthusiastically from the centered seat in the stands, really thought no one would die in these match ups.  He hadn’t tried to heal anyone today and all I could guess was he was testing me again.  This was my first dueling experience and although I’d not dueled yet, I was sure that whoever I battled each time knew my power and lack of strength would be what they hoped to their advantage.  But they didn’t know that for the most part, I held back.  I’d only ever sparred Webb.  And although I lost a lot with him and wondered why, I just didn’t assume it was anything but lack of practice.  Power I had, know how I did not.
A dagger emerged and Webb yelled out PIN while he stabbed Hayes to the dirt through his armor near his chest. Something not there before welled in my chest.  All I could think about was that I couldn’t let him get hurt this bad.  A scratch is a good lesson for him, a chest wound is not.  I didn’t think I could handle him truly hurt.
“RELEASE!” I screamed in my head towards Hayes.  All I knew was I wanted him to be okay.  “HEAL.”  He flew upward and had Webb on the ground solid without a way out.
With nowhere to go, Hayes was declared the winner.
A screaming crowd let out a large and long lasting triumph for the winner.  No one seemed to favor any of us over the others, but Hayes didn’t take this well since his far away penetrating gaze was directed solely at me and I saw only danger ahead.  He knew what I’d done.
Hayes backed off of Webb, stood, and circled him like a lion prowling its catch.  Webb nodded to Hayes and raised his hands to the crowd to show his pride was still intact and ready for another day in dueling where he would not make the same mistakes.
Isn’t that kind of the point of the duels?  To learn from mistakes.  
The two of them didn’t know I overheard their conversation and now dreaded the supposed predetermined and totally not spontaneous kiss of Hayes.  Let me say here that this is not the fairy tale I envisioned at eight years old when Cinderella slid on the glass slipper and was whisked away to foreverdom.  I wanted more.
I assumed my duel would be up next and I stepped up to the entrance with Ben awaiting the two loverboys to step out the other direction.  Didn’t happen!
I was a good two yards into the arena where they stood when I saw Webb stomp his foot and say something to Hayes in obvious anger.  He almost won, so why was he angry?  My brain told me it was because I cheated.
His eyes shot to me as Hayes headed in my direction.  This was the wrong way of the in through the out door variety.  He marched with his sword in hand, then dropping it halfway.  Ben leaned over, “What is he doing?”
We both said nothing in response as Hayes drew closer.  I started to stress about what he was about to do but didn’t think magic would be needed to ward him off in front of this large of a crowd.  He wouldn’t do anything rash, right?
Well, wrong on all accounts as I seemed to be since moving here.
He kissed me.  
An urgent force made my mouth open, arms wrapped around to hold me down to be kissed in front of this kind of crowd...and Webb.  I tried to pry the super duper powerful almighty man loose, but I couldn’t.  Just a second before Hayes had his lips on me he whispered, “SEAL.”  
I had no time to react the way I wanted though my body was telling him otherwise.  And he had me without power.  How, I didn’t know and was not fighting hard enough.
The crowd was screaming louder than ever and whooping it up.  They thought it was returned.  They think my thrashing about was some kind of desirous love dance I guessed.  When he finally broke free and let me breathe, my eyes shot to Webb.  He wasn’t hurt, he was in severe hate mode. I wiped my mouth clean of the sweet taste that I hated was affecting me and stared vehemence to Hayes.
The kiss wasn’t bad, but it wasn’t good.  It was forced.  It probably lasted all of five seconds and lacked any essence of romantic quality.  Still, I was not entirely mad it happened.  For that, I hated it more.
Webb did the total opposite of what I thought he would do.  He faced the exit then both turned to look at me standing a few weary seconds in a macho stare-down before breaking the standoff.
Hayes said aloud so Webb could hear, “She is mine and you just don’t have the memo yet, halo boy.”  Hayes kissed my mouth again quickly this time and returned to the exit and left.
Halo boy?  The protest to being accosted without permission was on the tip of my tongue. 
“Styx and Boston.”
We stepped up.  Yes, I was rattled.  Did it show, no!  I wouldn’t let it.
The crowd’s most anticipated duel.  It was my impression they wanted to see weapons and a dogfight, but I didn’t work that way.  I knew my weaknesses.  I wasn’t a fighter.  At least not the way they saw it.  
I nodded as Ben held his sword above him.  He glanced at my hands that remained to my side.  He noted with his eyes my apparent lack of drawn weapons.  I mouthed an “I’m sorry” to him.
When his sword moved a half-inch I said aloud in a monotone voice, “FREEZE.”
Ben stayed still.  I walked over to him and got in his face.  He could still see what I was doing.  I told him sorry again and drew the glare in hating that they made this a show. Barbaric morons.
I tipped the sword from his hand and waited for the crowd to hear it crash to the ground.  The dirt floor of the arena didn’t give it the sound effect I was going for.  It wasn’t my intention to make Ben look bad.  I wanted him to keep his man pride. So when the freeze spell wore off, I let him jump back and rearm himself.  I said in the same monotone voice, “DROP.” After the sword dropped from his hand and he stood there stunned.  Instead of continuing, he bent forward and bowed.  So I bowed back.
As we exited he leaned in and said, “You definitely keep it interesting around here.  Next time, I’ll forfeit before we start.  Save us some time.”
“You’re not mad,” I winced.
He laughed one of those manly chuckles I’d come to recognize from my squeezed in perimeter of men.  “No Kali, I’m relieved.  I’ve seen you in gym.  I didn’t want to make a fool of myself, so I acknowledged your power rather than looking like an ass.”
I smiled at him as we went under the door entrance.  “I like you,” I told him.
He frowned.  “Don’t let Hayes, or even Webb hear you say that.  I’ll never live to see the next day.”
That bothered me.  A lot.


Chapter Nine  Dueling Aces

In the exit room all eight of us stood and looked at the other.  No one spoke.  No one mentioned the kiss.  I’m thanking my lucky stars and hiding my nervousness by surveying the wall of weapons and various types of armor all hanging in organized fashions.  Like a page out of King Arthur, it was amazing to see.
Kace finally said, “You are some chick.”
Heck, I wished my inner hearing would take a side because I really wanted to hear their thoughts about it. The duel might make me feel better, or worse.   I didn’t want to ask my father about it.  I’d never told anyone I even had it.  How could I throw a HEAR spell and not read their minds too?  
To lose both except near Hayes.  Logic says they’re not the same, but I’d always been able to hear others.  Unless...it has to do with them being supernatural of something.
Ben responded, “And I didn’t want my face rearranged.  Chicks dig it too much to ruin.”
Tossing my head sideways to face only Ben, I rolled my eyes at him with a smile.  I do like him.  He’s easy going and not too deep a thinker.  An all around fun guy.
Tray threw his two cents in, “My turn next time.  I want a chance to bow down to her awesomeness.”
Ben laughed.  Chris yelled to no one in particular, “Right on dude.  Chick-a-dee, you are one bad piece of a—“
I stopped him with a CLOSE spell to his mouth.  Why I didn’t ever think of this before when they are referring to me in a mode I didn’t care for only showed my lack of experience with boys.  Why couldn’t I be that quick with Hayes and his danger-filled firecracker lips.
The room broke out in laughter with the exception of Hayes and Webb who were both staring at me intensely, brooding since the second I entered with Ben.  I could tell that all three of us were monitoring each other’s moves.  I refused to be “monitored” and remained the “monitor” in charge of leading our little side situation that the rest of the room registered but chose to ignore.
I kind of wished Ben would rescue me with humor and suggest we leave, but it didn’t look like it was going to happen.  So...I watched my two dance partners as they watched my every step towards the outer door and gone.  
When I closed the door and muttered, “LOCK,” I fell against it, shutting out the drama. I’ll never survive this place.
When my eyes opened, my father was standing before me.  
 “Release them, daughter.”
“Why, so they can all fall down one-by-one like dominoes and look like fools in that arena?”
“You will release them now,” his voice still calm but his eyes nothing but.
“I will father.  But know this, I will not duel again and make a fool of them.” I looked at him argumentatively.  Understatement of the century.
“Fine, you will sit with me then.”
Well, that was that.  





Chapter Ten  Among the Greats

I cornered Webb in the corridor two days later where we so often seem to meet up and asked him what the name Halo boy meant.  “Aren’t you a psychic with magical powers?”  I’d never asked him what he was and he shouldn’t know I can read minds.    Or I could before here.
“Not anymore,” I offered up simply because it was the truth.  He had answers but still I would be cautious.  “It seems moving here hurts more than it helps.”
He hesitated and stepped away from me into the shadow of the eight foot statue of Zeus.  I peeked back down the hallway towards the statues of Vlad, Poseidon, and Shakespeare.  I wondered why Shakespeare was present among the supposed greats of all supernaturals, but never had time to ask when the thought arose.  I turned back to my cornered victim.  At least that was how he acted.
“You’re more than the rest.  Ben and the others, they can’t hold their own with me.  You and Hayes...you’re different.  You can throw spells.”  I whispered it even though no one could hear us.
His face said nothing, but his eyes twitched like his mouth did sometimes when I said something to catch him off guard.  He didn’t say anything and my peripheral caught sight of his fists tightening.  He gritted his teeth to avoid saying what his face was conveying.
“Why do you always act like you might hit me?”  I asked.  I knew he wouldn’t.
He looked straight at my mouth and edged away moving to the side of the shadow like I was going to hurt him.  “I’m not going to hurt you Webb.  I just want answers.”
“I can’t.  You’re not safe, Kali,” is all he said before he touched his fingertips to the back of my hand and left down the stairs.  He looked back though.  And I read that look in his eyes.  He had so much more he wanted to say, and wouldn’t.  Or couldn’t.
Webb didn’t talk to me before or during dinner and sat on the far side away down so he couldn’t see me.  Hayes laid it on thick right beside me.  He was now telling everyone I was his girlfriend, but is was laced with sarcasm.  His arm went around me twice before and after dinner making my body tell horrendous lies when I’d shudder at his touch.  The sad part was they weren’t lies.  I just didn’t want to give Hayes any reason to like me if he was just in it for the show. Which also meant that I hoped for more.  I couldn’t explain it, but I got the distinct feeling he wasn’t really this arrogant and coarse on the inside.  When he made a comment about birthmarks, I refused to be the only one embarrassed even though he was making up all of it.  I didn’t have a birthmark in unchartered territories and he’d have no idea anyway.  So what did I do?  Something stupid and impulsive to make him squirm with me.  
“Yeah, well same goes for the single snake on you butt—ocks!”
The roguish smirk raised up to hint something as equal would escape his mouth, “Perhaps he doesn’t want to be single…anymore.”
Whatever I thought he might say, that wasn’t it.
Not another word passed between us in the cafeteria.  I was mortified and seclusion was best after an exchange of that capacity.  The girls at the next table, namely Bridgett and a few others, gave me the promise of asking more information later.  
Webb still didn’t talk to me.
The night passed into day and when I woke the next morning with Lace squeezing my arm to death, I didn’t mean to let my stress affect her when I yelled a BACK spell to throw off my perpetrator.  She held her head and mumbled not so nice words as I leapt out of bed to check on her.
	“I’m so sorry.  I didn’t mean to.”
“I know, I know.  You’re just stressed.  Is there anything I can do?”
“No, not really.  My fight alone.”
“I can help you spy.  Gather some Intel. I know you’re curious about this place.  I see the way your eyes change with certain derisive comments.  I’m due for a good sneak out.”
I pondered that and agreed, “You know, I think that is exactly what I need.”
Her eyes lit up.  “Really?”
“Really, Lace.”  My hand went to my chin.  “Tonight.  One o'clock, to be sure we’re alone.  I have a file I need to read.”  Or two.
She squealed, stomped up and down erratically, and ran out the door blowing both side cheek French kisses at me.


Chapter Eleven  Curbed by Hounds

The day passed rather quickly being ignored by Webb and annoyed by Hayes.  He only kept his hands across my shoulders, but I tried several times to ease out of his hold carefully and found out it only made it look like I wanted it more.  I could have used magic, but then I would look like I’m misusing my powers and that was lame.  Jason was actually daring enough to help me out when he noticed my discomfort and put his arm around me when Hayes stood to talk to the guys for a minute.  That is until Hayes saw him and gave him the evil eye.
But the way he kept his hand on my side after Jason left was downright...to intimate to me.  Next time I planned to throw an OFF spell at him, lame or not.  
Lace and I mapped out our plans after dinner.  I slipped on my black skinny jeans and long-sleeve matching tee, threw my hair into a ponytail and slipped in the covers.  We couldn’t sleep but faked it enough when the hall monitor came by to inspect.  The school hall monitors were supposed seniors who took turns volunteering to get extra floor time in leveled classes in hopes of moving up faster.  
We heard the main outside bells ring at half past twelve and decided time was on our side to move earlier than later, so we headed out.  Our dorm hall was easy enough.  The main hall, stressful, but turned out easy also.  
We moved through the shadows of the statues staying extra hidden with our decidedly all in black outfits we chose. Looking up at Mr. Shakespeare like I did daily, I pretended to hear him ask me if I see dead people walking around.  At least that’s what my shirt said.  The I SEE DEAD PEOPLE part.  I don’t really.
We rounded the end of the hall that lead up a second set of stairs towards my father’s floor.  Yes, he had a whole floor.  I’d been up there several times now to visit on his invitation only.  So if the worst case scenario happens, I say I needed to talk to him and my best friend wouldn’t let me go alone.  Lame excuse, but would work in a pinch.
I turned the corner carefully searching for sounds.  Lace scooted to the opposite side and was now hidden behind Poseidon, whom wasn’t naked though it stands to reason he could be if from the sea.  I ventured out a little by myself like we agreed in case someone on this part of the wing was potentially out and would be able to explain my appearance more than Lace’s zero list of reasons.  For the most part, we were just each other’s alibi even if hers meant nothing.
I walked so softly and quick no one would have heard or seen me.  I bounded around the Adam and Eve double statue at the corner of the stairs leading up knowing like anything where my hand landed on Adam when I leaned against it.  Thank the heavens no one could see me.  
“Copping a feel?”
I jumped two feet in the air, drew my dagger I’d brought as a scare tactic, and aimed straight for the voice.  It was the one weapon of offence I’d mastered in martial arts.  A hand shot out, grabbed my hand, took the dagger, and pulled my back against his front side.  Not a breath lost by either of us, I started to whisper a spell when his other hand covered my mouth.   Dang.  He knew I had to say it.  Lucky for me, he didn’t know that was the only option number one.  The question was how he figured it out or if he somehow just knew or was he aware I could still accomplish it without a voice. 
“Now I will let go and you will keep your silence until I ask or you will greet your father and explain why you’re out and about after midnight on his side of the tracks.  Got it?”
I nodded my head.  He let go and I turned around.  I started to say, “FR—
His hand covered my mouth and now I was flush against him.   I saw what opened up in his eyes as surely mine were saying some horrid readable action.  I’m a girl, he’s a guy—at least that’s how I reasoned it.  He was good looking and all, but his big brother feel stuck with me.
He pulled his hand away showing a small amount of trust to start somewhere.  I followed his lead and stayed silent (in mind too) as I tried to pull away.  He didn’t move back, but let me see him closer.
“I need to collect some information and my father’s desk is the only place I know to look.”  I decided I could tell this.  Don’t know why.  He might just believe me.
“But...”
“I only said so because you would torture me with your presence every time if I didn’t.”
“Nice to know I torture you,” he paused, “You spy on your father.  What reason do you have to mistrust him?”
I knew my blinking eyes gave me away.  “I haven’t a reason to mistrust him.  I just need some information and he has it.” On the boy holding me down.
“I see.  And you risk getting caught?”
“No, he will think I’m there to see him.”
He was super close to me, but he looked me up and down with his terrifically limber neck and said, “In that.”
“What’s wrong with what I’m wearing?” I shifted my legs feeling his close in on mine to hold me there.
“I didn’t say wrong, but obviously it does stand out a bit as if you’re trying to remain hidden and appear villainess.”
I returned the favor by bending my neck back and looking his all black attire up and down, “Touché.”
“I don’t think you should do that?”
“What?” I asked.
“Flirt with danger.”
“Oh, like I’m the one pressing herself up against you.”
“Maybe I’m just making sure you don’t do anything stupid.”
“Maybe you are sneaking around in the dark like myself and doing all kinds of unknown atrocities.”
“Maybe I’m just following you.”
I gasped.  I didn’t mean to.  It just escaped out.  “Why would you do that?”
“I’m not sure I want to admit that yet.”  That nagging suspicion I had about these guys had just been reinforced.  I don’t know how but Webb managed to close the even smaller distance there was between his face and mine.  I felt him breathe just a breeze across my lips enough to tickle them into puckering from the sensation.  He flipped his head up and away towards the dark hall, then returned.  Whatever he saw, he wasn’t hindered enough to let me go.  Unfortunately, I saw his need to seduce me as an advantage to get information out of him.  And him paying a good amount of attention to me.  What girl doesn’t go through a period in life of just being wanted?  Especially if magic messes that up previous to the moment some hot looking guy kisses you.
 He didn’t move, but a very soft kiss landed on the edge of my lips. He seemed to be thinking.  I felt his fists slide up the side of me not touching still and rest on the thigh of Adam.  He kissed me again and this time I let him only because I wanted to stop picturing Hayes in his place.  It wasn’t working.
When the kiss continued and his one hand slid away from me keeping his hands off me completely, I thought I would lose my balance.  The kiss deepened until—
Gasp!  Lace covered her eyes with her hands and mumbled, “I’m not here.  I’m gone.  I’m going back to Aphrodite and wait for the whistle.  Sorry.  Sorry.” 
But it was too late.  Webb was three feet away from me against the wall.  I was all the way butted up against the statue.  And Lace was gone again.  I completely forgot she was there.
We both stared at each other now both in full chest rising hard breathing treatment mode.  If time did have a way of standing still, it was at that very moment.  I didn’t want to move and apparently neither did he.  But someone had too.
“I wanted to look in my father’s office to find out what you two were.” I clamped my mouth shut.  I’d just told him what else I was doing.  And it was about him.  I felt his kiss still on my lips. 
“You don’t believe I am what I say?”  He took a step towards me to be able to talk in whispers, but he stayed his distance.
“You haven’t told me yet, but I think there is more.  And you’re not sharing.  Nor is Hayes.”
He frowned at hearing me say Hayes’ name and popped his jaw back and forth.  Interesting.  “And instead of asking you’re going to go through school files in hope of answers.”
“That’s the plan, yes.”
“And you’re involving your unsuspecting roommate who knows nothing of what you’re really doing and forgetting to think of the repercussions of what Professor Styx will do to her if she is caught.”
Fear leapt to my heart.  “What would he do?”  I’d not seen anyone punished.  
“Jason was sent away the other day for his insubordination towards you.”
“Where?”
He glanced down at me glibly, “Kali, not now.  But know, it wasn’t nice.”  He was frightening me.  Jason was gone for almost two days.
“Go back to your room.”
He was pleading with me.  This wasn’t the same boy I saw on a day to day basis.  He wasn’t heartless.  
“If I do, will you tell me what you are?”  And Hayes?  Bargaining chips were important to survival.
“At the right time.  That’s all I can promise.”
“And you’ll be back to your crabby self tomorrow?” I guessed.
He hesitated but nodded basically telling me he was hiding a lot more than just what he was.  
“Fine.  But this isn’t over.  And the next time you kiss me it better not be because you made a deal over a dang sword fight.”
His eyes went wide with shock.  I so liked this face.  It was rare for him.  Especially since he only seemed to show his emotions at the rarest of moments.
“I gather I’ve given you something to ponder and will leave you for now.  I will continue the charade in front of others.  I’d appreciate anything you could do to get Hayes to confess in much the same way, but if you’re secrets are that disturbing, I have a feeling he’s wound up in them and your hands are tied.  But you could at least help out the new girl by starting some nasty rumor about him that would at least deter his efforts.  He scares me.”  I curtsied like the good sarcastic little devil that I am and rushed out to grab Lace.  
I had some major explaining to do.
Father and his black lab dog I hated so much and his hidden secrets would have to wait.


Chapter Twelve  Can someone say AWKWARD?

When we were safe in the dorm room, Lace lashed out with the gotta know gossip look.  “Fess up.  That was hot girl.  You two are...you have chemistry or magic or something crazy hot and bothered going on.”
“I don’t know.”  I didn’t feel any pangs of bubbled heat with Webb’s kiss and it was definitely meant to be the romantic kind of kiss unlike Hayes’ pop and lock ones.  But I still couldn’t help but acknowledge that those locked up kisses left me mindless and off task.
Webb’s kisses were just fun.
“DON’T KNOW!  Hell!  That boy slammed his tongue down your throat and didn’t look like he had any intentions of stopping at go.”
I smiled then.  “No he didn’t.  And there was no tongue involved.”  Then I thought and said laggardly, “It has to stay quiet for now.  Something isn’t right about Hayes and his excessive flirting but could care less about me attitude.  It’s like he feels obligated to hook up with me, yet pained to hurt me.  And...Webb alluded to Hayes being up to no good.”  I realized I told her too much.  “Will you keep this quiet for now?”
Lace nodded.
“And stay clear of both of them until I find out more.”
	“Are you going to sneak out again?” Lace asked rubbing her hands together and looking around as if someone might hear her.
I put one hand on my hip and leaned towards her to whisper, “You know it.”
	Lace giggled.  We forced ourselves to get quiet to have some sleep and not be dead to the world the next day.  I asked her if she put the small stone on my pillow, but she said she hadn’t.  She eyed me oddly and almost smiled.  She had some small idea so I left it alone feeling no alarm.  Maybe it was a good luck charm.  I put it back under my pillow and forgot all about it.
Lace and I only slept maybe two hours.  Webb had to have had the same. I know that his roommate was Kace and wondered if he had anyone to talk to about his secrets that he kept.  Thinking that would probably be a no since I was selective on what I told Lace, I knew we were both alone. Maybe that is what changed about the next day.  We both had secrets and had to see if time built that trust.  Or maybe it was something else.   A reason for the secrets.  The underlying one unknown fact that kept him silent and distant.  Well, I wasn’t budging, but something was going to have to give eventually like secrets do.  
Somewhere deep inside my brain diary, the events of the following day all led back to one thing.  That one kiss.
Morning class was...awkward.  Webb moved around in his seat ten times beside me.  Hayes touched my back, poked my neck with his pencil, and rocked his desk up to whisper nothing intelligible to me. At one point I risked a look sensing his eyes on me and gave Webb a wide eyed “do something” look, but he just turned back to his work ignoring Hayes as well. 
At the gym, Hayes deserted his partner and decided he could better use his time evaluating my moves in the sparring ring.  He served comments galore with his worthless two cents of knowledge.  Webb said nothing until Hayes stepped into the ring, baseball cap and all, as he blocked my side kick and pulled his arms around me holding me against him.  I didn’t think at all even when Webb protested for Hayes to move away.  “OFF.”  
He shot back out of the ring and hit the ground popping his head on the floor making a serious cracking sound.  I yelled out in a panic, “HEAL,” as he rose and shook his head.  Unfortunately, Hayes saw the fear in my eyes and I wondered then if he could read me better than I thought. His eyes glazed for a split second showing emotion, but left me wondering if it was just the trick of his regular demeanor.   
Webb watched me, and then stuck his hand out to help the traitor up. “Next time, stay out of the ring.”
“Oh, just remember our deal is complete even if you voided it recently.  However, if you’re up for sharing, I’m more than willing.” Hayes darted his eyes over me and rested them on my chest.  Pig!  And I’d just healed the hellion.
I started to mumble a spell but Webb’s hand was over my mouth before my lips parted.  So I did the only sensible thing.  I licked his palm back and forth in an x pattern to make him move it, but he didn’t.  I did see his eyes twitch and even glisten for a brief second.  He nodded so little I knew I was the only one to catch it.  I let him drop his hand and return his focus to Hayes, the devil in disguise.  
“Sharing the sparring ring is not an option.”
“Nothing it is then.  She doesn’t want you anyway.”  Hayes lifted his baseball hat off the floor and walked away from us, the muscles in his back twitching. I heard him mumbling to himself with my super über hearing, “Don’t bite the hand that feeds you.  You might lose all you have anyway.”
Was that for me or Webb—I wasn’t sure.  I solidified on one known scary fact.  Every single person in this room obeyed Hayes Under in an odd sort of way.  They growled and glared their fill, but they never forced an issue.  As if this was evident when Webb stood up for me just now the room went into a solid freeze mode until Hayes lifted the veil just like in the cafeteria or anywhere else.  He was very much in control.
I had a million questions, but couldn’t be asked here.  We faked enough kicks and such to finish the class and headed to the showers with nothing else said.
Lunch was just as awkward.  I made the mistake of sitting in a spot where I was positioned exactly one table away from Mr. Steal my Heart each time those deadly green eyes looked at me.  He was in my line of sight when I raised my head up straight to look at Lace across from me.  I avoided him and found Webb after the fifth time who was sitting with that same girl.  I learned by arranging myself closer today that her name was Ellen.  When her hand went to her mouth like she might giggle at something he said I whispered, “SILENCE.”
Webb didn’t hide the look he gave me.  Every single time I looked up from my nasty looking Brussels sprouts Webb’s beams of anger aimed my way.  The girl across from him had to know, but I heard nothing from either of them.
When did I get this obsessed?  
I didn’t even realize I’d done a repeat performance of the pea incident with my Brussels sprouts until I looked up and saw that Webb was absent from his seat.  Ellen was still there and cleaning up her area.  I darted my line of vision to the door and didn’t see him.  My hair stung my face as I swung the opposite direction only to see him standing behind Lace where Ellen stood waiting now.
He looked down and saw the design on my plate.  He was sure to pick up on my Brussels sprout designed capital H, but all he said was, “Mona Lisa should smile more.”  Ellen smiled at me.  I watched them both leave together.
He was telling me he’d heard Hayes that day in the cafeteria. He could use a hearing spell and/or hear my thoughts or something.  I wasn’t comfortable with either.
Equally as awkward was my next class.  Literature.  Today we discussed the fall of Adam and how he was so easily seduced by Eve and her womanly ways.  My father all but alluded that Adam, Eve, and even the devil were all part of the gods of old.  Some time in history many of these gods were produced by other gods mixed with various supernatural creatures he wouldn’t name.  The only example he gave was Vladimir, the original first turned vampire.  His maker was a god, but the blood and fangs were part of a bad human error from medicines at the time.  Through the ages, women have seduced the poor gods into procreating to create new sups.  I’m sure the only ones in class to disagree with this assumption were the females, but not one said as much.
As bad as it was, I tossed a quick look back at Hayes during this discussion wondering how much he might agree with my father.  It all made sense in some quirky way, but I still denied it openly.  It was worse than bad.  I was easily seduced by green eyes and a twitchy mouth.  Eve was so wrong to set us up this way!
But the even more disturbing part of the discussion carried over from yesterday’s talk about Milton’s reasons for portraying Adam as the deeper sinner since he had prior knowledge that he was choosing to let his desire for Eve drive him to follow her into sin.  Yet, he’s the hero.
Men rule and women are there slobbering after the fools.  Well, I can remedy that.  No more drooling.



Chapter Thirteen  It Was Just a Test.  Geez!

Several days passed.  A week.  Another duel where I watched and listened only.  
I’d been able to dodge Hayes for the majority of the time, but the whole school was still under the impression that I was his girlfriend.  He had a certain glare (because that was his signature expression) about him lately that had changed.  Watchful.  Purposeful.
  And Webb did what I asked finally by inserting himself into every place I was but never talking to me.  Hayes couldn’t stand it, but Webb never gave him cause to protest.
Hayes didn’t know that I knew about the deal with the kiss, I think.  So in his eyes, he thought he was keeping us apart when in fact we were choosing to be.  I didn’t get either of their little game they were playing, but I was determined to get answers.  I just knew they were both involved somehow.
On the following Tuesday afternoon in the gym, I volunteered to be the dummy in a line up for a practicing dueling line.   I’d not done this before because of the obvious—I would win.  But this time I intended to change up the routine.  Spice up the day.  
Kace went first and lost.  Ben went and he lost.  Hayes went and I let the little sparkle in my eye light up.  He stood five feet from where I was backed against the wall.  I saw his mouth move and I barely said, “BIND.” He didn’t budge.  I was in such shock unable to decipher how to proceed that when his cheek dimpled, I woke up enough to say it again.  This time his hands and feet locked together but only for a half a second because I didn’t have any devices to use.  He fell right over though.  
“Shame you have hesitation in your step.  Could be deadly otherwise.”
I glared at Hayes and mouthed very clearly, “Bite me!”
His nostrils flared as his eyes darkened and flashed something red in them.  I swear I saw it.  A crooked smile moved up on his face and then disappeared.  His hands balled up and then flexed a couple of times.  I could tell he was holding back a response that would no doubt be laboring for me to render illicit in front of others.  What I didn’t know was if I wanted to hear it—or not.
I vowed to corner him into telling me why the spells did not work on him every time.  He must have some kind of blocking device and he made a point to show it to me just now.  Or maybe he could call it out before me because he could read me that well.  
Next was Webb.  Everyday practice was without an audience and Hayes didn’t count because I was easily distracted with him anywhere.  Webb knew I was equally as nervous around him for this kind of attention but only because he made a point to say aloud my downfalls.  I hate Adam and Eve and all their deceptive looks and kisses that led to this.
To hopefully defuse my rapid heartbeat and taunt him into confusion long enough to mess up I grinned and said, “Hope you like losing.”
“Not likely.”  His mouth twitched like I’d seen before.  I was starting to think that was his lie detector sign.  I’ll keep that in my inner notebook for later as well as the hidden meaning behind his two words that sounded ominously like they referred to something else by the way he looked over to Hayes.
I saw his mouth move and I hesitated purposefully to see simply what the boy would do to me when I didn’t act first. He seemed so sure. I heard his spell vibrate out, “FLIP.”
I felt myself twist and fall, hit the ground, and land flat on my back trying to right myself as it happened but only proved to cause more pain.  If I’d known ahead of time the result, I’d have done this little stunt weeks ago even with the pain to get him active.  Webb was cradling my head when the dizzy feeling dissipated.  “I am so sorry,” he said.  When my eyes focused and saw the terror in his own he cursed the entire time helping me up.  Hayes pushed him aside and held me upright, touching me in places he shouldn’t.
“Are you bruised?” he asked still searching with his hands.
Are you confused? I wanted to ask.  He was acting strangely.
I held my side pushing Hayes away.  I couldn’t handle his touches. “I deserved that.  I only wanted to see what you would do.  What you could do.  Guess there’s no doubting your mad skills.”
Hayes’ face changed, “Don’t ever do that again.  Don’t let anyone get to you.” Purple.  Dark purple.  His face was livid, his eyes flashed red with anger.  I wondered if anyone else saw it.   It was such a reoccurring thing around him.  Afterward I childishly made a face wanting o demand that the menacing man talk had to go.  I didn’t like it.
I pushed his arms further away and stood back up only to find my father watching wondering how much he saw.  He’d never watched us before in gym.  Coach said to break early and head out.  Bridgett and Bailey awarded high-fives in the dressing room as witness to the best reality TV show hit this semester besides the first day of class and the first dinner where I silently announced to everyone I would start as a first year senior at level ten and oh, by the way, my daddy’s the dean.
I learned in that conversation that Bridgett was a Pooka descent which meant she could shape shift into anything she needed to, but was reluctant and rarely did so.  The one time she shifted into a rabbit was a disaster and hasn’t tried much since.  She refused to tell me what her other tries ended in or what she shifted into.   I promised to help her practice.
Bailey was simply a witch.  She explained that most of the school consisted of witches or warlocks with us “irregulars”, as she called it, mixed in the bunch.  She rarely used her magic unless forced to do so.  I watched her teach Ben and Kace a few chants several times now.  She wasn’t happy with her heritage and after coming to this school, hated it even more for what it meant she might be used for.  With the way she avoided school incidents of the past, it was as if she had knowledge of other happenings in the school I wasn’t aware of.  I didn’t blame her.  My father was creepy.
Bridgett and Bailey had lightened up a lot and we had a certain limited camaraderie among the three of us. I used the new friendship to my advantage and gave them eye wiggles and hand waves indicating how hot it was in there when they mentioned how I’d managed to snag the hottest on the market guy in school.  When I asked them what they meant by “on the market” they both giggled and Bridgett said, “Webb Travis hasn’t had a steady girlfriend since the day you showed up.  He’s been staring at you since day one.  He is off the market as far as we’re concerned.  Why do you think he and Hayes suddenly hate each other this year?”
I shrugged.  What about Hayes’ girlfriends?
She rolled her eyes, “Dayum, clueless.  They must both be pining away for you and know they both can’t have you so their duking it out every day in the showers comparing tattoos to blow off man steam and are just waiting for you to decide.”
I wish...I wish it was that easy.  Heck, I don’t even know the reasons for all of it yet, but the girls and the rest of the school could keep their little fantasy reality TV show theories all they wanted.
“Either way, they are exhausting to keep up with,” I smiled to give them what they wanted.
“Yeah cause hot, sweaty, sexy men chasing after you is tiring.”  
I rolled my eyes at her priorities and giggled back to lighten the air. 
“Let me know if the rumor is true about the snake on Hayes’ ass.  I hear it’s lethal,” Bridgett giggled like a solid laugh but it didn’t actually make as much sound as her body did in acting it out.
We all three walked out arm in arm where the two dressing room exits met in one area only to find both Hayes and Webb lock kneed and leaning on the opposite wall with their arms folded like two militia men, waiting.
Both Bridgett and Bailey stopped dead in their tracks forcing me to also since I was between them.  Their twin friend telepathic thinking caused both to shoot their hands in the air at the same time and giggle like idiots.  Bridgett said very remissful to my face from her viewpoint, “Very tiring Kali, let me know if you need me to take a turn.”  They both marched off giggling more.  They were just like cheerleaders.  How did they ever get to level nine?
I turned back to my...situation.
“We need to talk to you.” Hayes said to me.  The spider said that right before the fly became dinner.  
I looked from boy to boy.  They were hardly just boys!  “We? You two are friends now?”  I was trying to be funny.  Sarcastic.  It was a no go!
With arms still folded and looking a little too much like Will Smith and Tommy Lee Jones without the black suits and sunglasses, they remained very still.  
Hayes talked first. “You will not fake a fight again.  It is too dangerous for us and leaves us second guessing each other.”
O...kay.   “You’re a bit overbearing and in no way an Adam hero right now by going all ape on me.  I was just trying it out.  And since when is it a rule that I am detailing my daily agenda to either of you?  Buy a clue, sell the vowels.”  Chomp!  Chomp!  Said the spider after his belly was full.
Webb shot a hand out to Hayes holding him back when he moved closer to me.  I saw Hayes tighten the fist before Webb had moved though bringing me to look Hayes in the eye and wonder why this angered him so.    
Webb looked at Hayes and said to me, “Kali, you will not fake a move again.  He is right.  It will create doubt.”
I looked back and forth between the two of them regarding their similar reactions.  Webb let his hand move back to his side.  “Is this why my father showed up?  You two act like there is a war coming?”
They eyeballed each other.  Uh, oh.  That look was so totally readable.  I’d just stepped into someone else’s evil plotted plan to end the world of injustice or most likely, spread it.
“You two better start talking.”  I folded my arms now.
Hayes switched gears and put on the charm-spun good guy look.  I swear I didn’t let my mind visualize the tattoo on his butt just then. I’d learned just this morning to look on the back of his neck for the sign of burnt edged wings. They were just the tips and none of the girls knew what the whole of it looked like.  That struck me odd if he was such a playboy, but who am I to care anyway.  “We’re just doing that because you’re so hard headed, Kate.”
Hot and cold, I couldn’t keep up with him.
Webb stepped closer to me, and I noticed, and pivoted to block me slightly from mister charm.
“Just do this.” His eyes pleaded with me.  He was doing this more and more.  Speaking with his eyes and telling me loads.
“Okay,” I said to Webb only.  “If it’s what you need, then I will not do it again.  But know this—I will get to the bottom of what you two are hiding from me.  You can’t lie to me for too long if your little hidden indicators are anywhere as disastrous as you make them out to be.”  Thumb twiddling was over.  I wanted answers.
Hayes looked hard at me with his predatorily dark gems for eyes, “You can have twenty-four hours to shed some light.  After that, we’re back in business.  And hands off.  You may be able to protect with them, but I will cut them off nonetheless.”
Webb never answered him or explained what that meant.  Hayes only nodded at me without once again showing any affection outside of the public eye.  He only ever put his octopus arms around me when others would see.  Not that I pictured them there or dreamed about it that much.
When he was around the corner, Webb yanked me into the girl’s dressing room and locked the door.
With my back against the door now, his mouth was on mine and I was all too happy to comply, kind of.  After three or four minutes of happy blissful mad hot kissing and restless hands above my head but not touching me, Webb pulled back and hovered above my face.  I opened myself a little to his take on my return and found I saw a lot of sadness, happiness, and other things in the expression he held.
“You are a very confusing man.”
His mouth twitched like so, but the smile did appear this time.  “We haven’t much time.”
“I’m not hungry.”   I meant to miss lunch if this is the alternative.  Lace would understand.  Would Ellen?
“I didn’t mean lunch, but I’m okay with missing it too.”
I didn’t ask what he meant and he wasn’t telling.  I’ve figured out that many of the mysteries with Mr. Webb Travis remain a mystery simply because when I’m with him the world around me disappears and I forget to ask him the questions in my head.  He seemed like he was trying to help me but afraid to tell.  I would stand here and kiss the guy if it meant he’d spill his secrets. Somewhere in my mind I hoped he wouldn’t tell me Hayes Under was still the bad guy in this, but my hopes were not up.
	He bent down again and I knew for the first time he was going to kiss me before it happened so I closed my eyes in anticipation.
“No, open your eyes so you’ll remember this one.”
I was deathly scared of falling over with vertigo.  I was fervently afraid of spiders.  But I was trembling at the thoughts that this boy made me weak and what his lips do to make me tune out my duties.  Would Hayes Under’s kiss do the same?  I knew not where that line of thought surfaced from.
Kate!
“Did you just call me Kate?” I asked him.
He shook his head no with such a malicious look in his eye and cursed at the lockers behind us.
When his lips connected to mine and all I could see was the flash of red and then dark green pull me into a deep ride of emotions that I wasn’t sure I could recover from, I didn’t foresee the amount of intensity a kiss could create in one single moment in time.  Hayes was all I saw.  I was sure I heard his voice even in my mind.  
Webb was slow and meticulous, gentle and specific in each and every wave of movement.  His hands rested above him still.  Mine were numb.  His eyes stayed on mine.  Mine on his.  He was trying to tell me something, but for the life of me I just sat back and enjoyed the kiss.  This meant something to him and I was just enjoying the idea of being wanted.  I’d never have the heart to tell a to-die-for gorgeous boy to stop kissing me because it didn’t send out fireworks.  Kissing was still kissing.
It lasted all of about fifteen seconds, but it felt like I’d been through an ocean waved hurricane and the two of us were standing in the eye of the storm.  Kissing was most definitely my favorite hobby!
“I know this is a little too fast but I don’t want to lie to you anymore.  It’s too dangerous to leave you vulnerable to the ene—
I pushed off him, “I’m not vulnerable.  If you think for one minute that today’s gym antics mean I am weak—“
He planted his mouth on mine again.  I pulled back and he said, “I’ve wanted to do that to your smart mouth so many times in the last few weeks.”
I smiled forgetting my anger.  I was drooling, swooning, and having major vertigo at the same time.  
“I need to tell you something.” He looked at his watch.  “We have ten minutes till lunch breaks.”
“And five more minutes after that,” my head bobbed.
“I kind of like this vulnerable Kali-girl in my arms.”  His smug smile I see often surfaced, the one reserved for an audience but definitely only meant for a few choice people. “Eight minutes and counting.  Just listen.  Don’t talk.”
My keen nod sent him forward.
“I was sent to the school four years ago and thought my life was all my own at the time.  Soon after I found that Hayes was always watching my every move and resolved to keep an eye on my back. The next year I found out something about myself.  I’m not just an angel, Kali.   I am the son of Michael, the archangel.”
He watched me intently for a reaction, but I only thought of what he’s not.  “I thought you were supposed to be all sweet and nice and never curse others if you’re from there.”  I pointed up.
“I’m not perfect, I guess.”  If he wanted shock value, he got it.
“I guess.”
His eyes bugged at me and I laughed punching playfully at him.  He has to be higher on the hierarchy than me.  “I don’t get it.  If you’re Michael’s, then how am I more powerful than you?”
His face flushed.  His lip twitched.  More secrets.
“Fine.  Keep your secrets. You’ve revealed a lot and no doubt think the poor girl has a lot to deal with finding out the boy she just made out with is a higher angel than herself and no doubt thinks that I can’t handle a little piece of information like that.  I’ll have you know—“
Webb kissed me again.  This time I knew his ploy, but just couldn’t bring myself to turn away.  Just a brotherly peck on the cheek though.
“I need to take you away from here to be safe, but I can’t just yet.”
“What about my father?”
“Would he notice your absence?” Webb asked straight-faced.
That hurt.  I looked down, “I guess not.  That obvious?”
“I’m not trying to hurt you.  I need you to see quickly.  There is more to your father than what it seems, but I can’t tell you yet.”  He took another step back.  And yet, his hands still never came near me.  Isn’t that strange for a boy?  
Okay, that part about my father scares me, but confirms my suspicions.  This also confirms Webb was trying to protect me the other night at the statue, not deter me.  “So where is the safe place you are supposed to take me?”  
“My home.” 
Now my mind pictured...heaven.  A flying through the air angel winged ascension into the clouds.   But that would be silly, right?  “And where is that exactly?”
“Dallas.”
“Dallas?”  Webb smiled my favorite lip curl making his boyish grin wider.  I asked him, “Aren’t all angels from Texas?”
“Um, no LA.”
“Har de har har.”  Oh, I thought about the biggest heartache I’d had since first admitting to myself that I’d become addicted to his smile. “You’re angel.”
“Yes, I told you this.  Repeating ourselves, Kali.”  His shoulders relaxed with the humor but watched the door nonetheless.
“No, does this mean...you’re immortal.”
His smile told me my answer. “Mostly,” he added. Well, dang.  I threw my hands around him and he tensed.  I wasn’t alone.
“Time is up.  Kali,” he said softly, “I can’t be with you outside of the shadows.”
Webb predicted my face would fall by the way he said it.  He hurried out with, “Only for a little longer.  It’s not safe for anyone to assume you have contact with me.  Hayes thinks he has the upper hand and it needs to stay that way until the time is right.”
“So Hayes is the bad guy?” My inner hopes died.
“You need to trust me.  He can’t know my plans.”
I didn’t like it and I wanted answers.  Something in the intensity of his eyes told me to choose carefully how I answered.  “When will I know more?”
Webb looked at the tiled mirror wall beside us, watching me hold him. I could get used to guys actually liking me for a change and being able to hold their own.  He felt my body stiffen at seeing the too intimate pose I was in with a guy and seeing myself doing it.  I noticed then just how far his hands were held away from me still. 
With his telling gaze closed off from me he said, “Meet me in the gym at midnight.  Alone this time.”  His eyes opened now.  Mmm!  I recognized that look.
“You’ll be the death of me,” Webb chuckled.
“Not likely, angel.”  I pecked his chin with a kiss. 
He held out his hand in the doorway and when I left the room alone, I felt happier than I’d been in my entire lonely life.  It was easy to trust Webb.  He wouldn’t lie to me.
  I was afraid when my father told me what I was.  I remember thinking then that at least he wasn’t the devil himself like I thought.  I didn’t believe my father at first, but now I was rethinking the part about what his job was.  And it wasn’t just monitoring sups like he said from the dark side of heaven.
Back home at Jordan High I had two guy friends.  I’d only dated two and they were both jerks.  I don’t think this counts for anything like what I thought my fairy tale list included, but I was making do.  Webb was the safer of the two.




Chapter Fourteen  Dreams Never Lie

I ignored Webb way too easily in class being able to dream about kisses to come.  I couldn’t wait for tonight’s sneak out.  Hayes ignored me mostly.  Classes ended.  Dinner breezed by.  Now it was ten o'clock p.m. and midnight was not getting here fast enough.  I told Lace I would sneak out with her later and she happily complied saying she was too tired anyway.
When eleven forty-five got here I couldn’t wait any longer.  I headed out in jeans and a tee.  When I slipped silently into the dark dressing room to get to the gym, a pair of eyes illuminated the darkness scaring me senseless.
“Do you always hang out in the girls’ room? Is there something I should know now that is way bigger than the other secrets you hold?”
The eyes closed.  Oh no!  I couldn’t see.
No sound or shuffling of feet came and soon, I ran into his chest.  “What up, woman of secrets herself.”
“Woman me.”
He chuckled again.  It was just a guess, but he seem to add humor to everything he was nervous about.  
After we were seated on the bench in the center of the girl’s dressing room and staring at ourselves in a very eerie mirror I said to his eyes in the reflection, “I like this Webb Travis too.”  
“I sense a but coming.”
“You sure sense my buts a lot.”  He raised one eyebrow at me, sharp as a razor. I blushed.  “The one who smiles and laughs without fear, yet with worry in his eyes.”
“You see a lot for someone who uses sarcasm to mask her own fears and anxieties.”
“Lots of practice.”
“I heard you say you lived with a nanny your whole life.  Alone.  I’m sorry you had to do that.”
Wow.  Someone cares that I was alone.  No one had ever done that.  None of my friends back home even.  “Thank you.  That means a lot.”
His reflection eyes stayed on my reflection eyes.  I assumed the darkness was for secrecy so I reserved our talking for more important things.
“I assume I will leave here not knowing all I need to so let’s just get what you can tell me next out in the open.  I’ve processed the rest and stored it in the long term memory hippocampus region, so let it flow.”
“I can’t keep up with you sometimes, you know that right?” he stared.
“Sure you do.   You’re just acting all Adam and falling into my Eve temptation trap so you can follow me into sin and take a bite out of my apple.”
His eyes  said much even in the dark, “More than you know.”
“Double meanings, mister.  One day when we know each other better, you’re going to spend a whole lot of time telling me what they all meant.”  If his eyes were mixed with emotion, mine were probably going insane with the changing colors.  It was exciting to be so daring.  
“Are you saying I get a whole night with you, Kali?”
So my inexperience in the ways of men’s thoughts was a dangerous ground to play with. This I knew.  But I wasn’t getting the answers fast enough and I knew playing with my girlish abilities would make him talk.  And guess what...I was right.  What I didn’t know or think clearly on was the fact that not all men were as honorable as Webb was being. I’d need to be careful who I acted this way with.
“Back off the hormones, buddy.  Back to business.”
He chuckled.  “You’re father is an angel Kali, but not the one you think he is.  I shouldn’t be the one to tell you anything about this but I’m out of time and options.  I won’t tell you the rest yet, but I want you to know you shouldn’t trust him.  He’s very dangerous.”
He let me process this.  Maybe he really cares about me.  “I can handle that better than you think.  I have seen him maybe a dozen times before I moved here and wondered why he had a sudden change in heart and wanted me close.  Only when I got here, he lets boys make inappropriate passes at me in front of him, greets me with one and only one smile since I arrived, and treats me like I will be shut away if I don’t learn all the crap he keeps trying to shove down my throat in class.  I’ve had a sneaking suspicion he has an agenda.”
“You’re very clever, little miss listo,” he says in his best made Spanish accent that doesn’t go over well.
“And that means?”
“You have a smart mouth.”
I jumped the candle lit by the sink and reached to pop his arm with a smart mouthed comment of where he could take his Spanish man talk.  He pulled away.  “We’re going to finish this talk first, and then we’re going to pick up where we left off this afternoon.” 
I breathed a giant collection of air I was holding and stood up in front of him forcing him to look up.  When his eyes traveled a bit I slid to the floor and sat cross-legged.  “No way, buddy.  No eyes on the goods.   I can’t, you can’t.”
He laughed the deeper than a chuckle laugh that only came out for me.  “Fair enough, but I didn’t say you couldn’t look.  As far as I am concerned, I’m all yours.”  Webb’s hands spread wide.
“You are moving too fast you know?” I’m not an “all yours” kind of girl.  The several boyfriends I’ve had were just teenagers with hormones.
“Time is short for us right now, Kali.  I don’t want to lose you.”
That stopped my heart and pained me just the same.  I couldn’t return it.  We needed to finish the unfinished business.  “Go on then.” I waved my hand.
“I don’t want you to trust Hayes with anything just yet.  Nothing he says.  He isn’t thinking clearly.   He isn’t who he says he is either.”
“And thus in cahoots with i.e. daddio evil of darkness?  You’re the one with all the secrets.  That part I’d already figured.”
“If I wasn’t so sure, I’d say you knew all this before tonight.  He isn’t good.”
“No, but the Nancy Drewin’ around sure helped.  You’re just putting the clues together for me where I had holes.  And you yourself are far from angelic.” 
His tone turned more serious, “Stay away from Hayes as much as you can and never let yourself be alone with him.  Do you hear me?”  His hands squeezed my shoulders like a desperate need to keep me close.
“I hear you.  And don’t worry about the closeness factor.  He gives me chills every time he touches me.  And he knows it.”  I just wasn’t sure why it even gave me the happy chills, but Webb didn’t need to know that.  I wondered why he was so against Hayes and what damage could actually be involved.  He wasn’t saying and I wasn’t buying it without a reason.  He was to adamant on keeping me from him.
“You probably need to get some sleep,” Webb said to me.
“I probably do.  Guess I’ll go,” I said unsure what I should do and what I wanted to do.
I stepped tiny baby steps back from where I rose.  He read my shirt. “Vampires do it better?”
“Yeah.  Wore that for you.”
“Thanks.  I’ll have to discredit it someday.”
That made my eyes go wide.  Guess I was in over my head when it came to taunting boys.  I decided right then that some things may be better left unsaid.  He saw the look on my face and the pink hue on my cheeks even in the dark.  
He was dangerous.  Yeah, maybe Hayes was scary.  Maybe my father was this some great evil.  Buy Webb...Webb could get me into all kinds of dangers that I would surely just follow blindly into with him because I charge him as the good guy.  That was the worst kind of danger.  A trusting danger that would betray me I feared.
His eyes changed a little, darkening.  I walked forward again and leaned into him letting myself land on his knee and sitting sideways.  
	“I just want you to know Webb, I’ve never done this before...followed a boy into a bathroom or put myself into this much danger. I know you’re bad news even if you say you’re the good angel in this but if you let me fall, walk away, or whatever, just know that I will hold you personally responsible for breaking me.  I don’t think I should have come here tonight, but some scary feeling inside me tells me this is right and I will hold on to that.  I ask one thing.”
He blinked once and asked for the request.
“Don’t promise me anything you can’t guarantee will be true.  I’ve lived a life of everything a lie until it is proven true and I don’t want to live that way.  I hoped to come here and make some kind of connection with my father in hopes that being with my own kind would make me feel wanted.  I don’t foresee that anymore than you do and you hold all the secrets.  But I do know this.  I can’t say yes to anything that you can’t promise.”
“Kali, I know you’re hurt and you’re life has been tough, but I will build your trust.  That’s what you need more than anything.  Someone to trust.  I won’t let you down.”
“Then for the record, I knew who my father was before I came here.  Or had a guess.  I know he’s on the dark side of our kind.”
His own face paled in the candlelight.  “Then why did you come?”
“Because I am not like him in the life he chooses, but I didn’t know how to control these powers.  He wasn’t letting me learn elsewhere so this was my first ever option.  Coming here didn’t mean I would turn evil.”
Webb stared at the ground, “I’m not sure you will have a choice.”
“You forget Webb, I have the same power he does.  If he has some terrible reason for bringing me here, for which I will find out, then he will be the one surprised when I have nothing to do with it.  It can’t be good.”
	“It’s not.”
“And you feel telling me now is wrong why?”
A deep sigh later Webb said, “Because I’m hoping to take you away from it.”
Hmm!  “How can you do that?”
Smiling he said, “I told you who I am.  You’re father doesn’t know that bit of information about me.”
“Does Hayes?” I asked.
A perpetual frown hit his brow, “Yes.  He knows why I’m here.  He taunts me by letting me have this time with you for that reason only.”
“He let you have it,” I stumbled away.
“Kali, there are things you don’t know yet but know that I was sent to protect you.  Your mother’s people have not forgotten the deception your father pulled.”
Holy information highway.  My eyes bugged out.  “My mother?”
“I said too much.  I promise more in time.  Just trust me for now.”
I wanted to beat it out of him, but with the amount of knowledge handed over, I wanted to think on all of it over night first.  Trust him but stay away from Hayes?
I tried to give him what he needed, but a kiss was all I could give.  I wasn’t what he needed.  And he wasn’t mine either.  I could just feel the disconnection that gapped between us he seemed to ignore.  
We left apart never having touched again.  Bewildered by that fact, I was even more obsessive in my mind about getting Hayes alone to ask questions, but that meant being alone with him.    Webb’s parting words were, “When I can’t kiss you tomorrow, remember this time together.  I don’t regret getting to kiss you, but I can tell that you were never mine.”
I wish I could say I didn’t get what that meant, but I knew.


Chapter Fifteen  All Angels Have Wings, Don’t They?


“Seeking TALL, DARK, and FANGY!  You’ve got a thing for vamps, huh.  Damn shame for the rest of us,” Hayes said to me as we walked into our eight o’clock class the next morning.  Webb ignored him and sat in his desk altogether different than he ever had before.  Defeated.  That was the look.
Jason, who seemed his normal self, piped in, “I’ll fang out if you need it that bad. Say the word.  These boys have nothing on me.”
I stood waiting for the wrath.  I didn’t have to wait long.  Webb and Hayes both had Jason against the wall simultaneously with one holding him in choke mode and the other pinning his arms ready to throw a punch.
“Maybe an iron blade will make myself clear since my word did not,” Hayes’ tone stayed deep and coarse with the venom of certainty to his oath.  
“Okay.  Okay.  Sheeze, man.  You two have it bad for the chick, but this is friggin’ ridiculous.  She’s only one damn girl.  So what if she’s daddy’s little demon vice.  I looked up her name on Google just to prove a point.  Be forewarned.”  The choke hold tightened.  “Fine.  I’ll shut up.  I’m just saying she can’t be worth it.”  His voice was in and out now from the hand that constricted his neck.
“Sit down, Kate,” Hayes barked with his back to me.
“Don’t tell me what to do,” I hissed at him.
Hayes released Jason as Webb let go and moved über fast back to his seat pulling me with him and sitting me down.  Hayes was there too behind me.  But with all the fast movement and sudden appearance like nothing had just happened, Jason was still against the wall when my father entered the classroom.  Needless to say, he wasn’t fooled.  Jason exaggerated his coughing fit and held his neck, but my father ignored it and instead watched the three of us.  God, did our faces show it all?
Father never said a thing. 
I looked up my name on my phone before the next class.  The name “Kali” means goddess of death and destruction.  Guess my humanized name had a patterned evilness to it anyway.  My father told me once my mother named me Katelynn, but he liked Kali, hence the confusion on who calls me what. I still wondered why Hayes calls me Kate though.
Gym was the norm with the exception of the deep lingering looks I kept receiving from Webb every time he faced away from Hayes in a sparring maneuver or self-defense strike drill who gave me the same.  I could do this every day only I would eventually burst if I couldn’t just plain attack one of them with my fists.  When a guy gets that look and you know for a fact that that look is meant only for you, holding yourself back is more painful than getting punched in the face.  And I know firsthand about punching.  In third grade when I screwed up using magic to make Jessie Bowen fall on her face because she ate my mini Hershey bar in the cafeteria, it backfired and she hit me square in the cheek.  Ow!  This...was worse.
When class ended I waited purposefully in the dressing room telling Bridgett and Bailey to go on.  I didn’t think Webb would come.  I was just about to give up when he slipped in the door.  He smelled amazing.  His still wet hair from the shower shed a little water as he closed the door and faced me.  
“I didn’t think you’d come,” I said shy all of the sudden.  Something in the air changed.  He looked as if he wanted to come closer, but he didn’t.
“I only came in here because you hadn’t left.”
That’s not what I wanted to hear.  “Sorry to inconvenience you.” I could switch into “I don’t care” mode in a heartbeat.  
He frowned.  “That’s not it.  I told you this was complicated.”
I stepped closer to him but his hand shot up between us.  When he saw the look on my face he softened his into a pained smile.  “We can’t.  Hayes will know.  Hayes detects high amount of emotions.  If you display it he will come running.”
“How do you know?”  I took five huge steps back and held the freezing cold tiled wall against me.
He sighed avoiding it.  
“Tell me.”
“Because it happens every time you’re near me.”
“What?”
He blushed, “The reason I told you before that I can see you.”
“Is because?” I was suspicious my cheeks matched his.
“Hayes shows up so much because he can read your emotions and knows when your emotions are...enheightened.”
That’s so disgusting.  Just the thought of Hayes reading me made me warm though.  Did he know how affected I am by his mere presence?  “I can’t believe this is even happening.  Are you saying he knew about last night?”
“If we don’t separate in the next minute, he’ll be here.”
“Because you can tell my emotions are high on you right now, Mr. Arrogant?”
“Not arrogant, just in tune with you Kali-girl.  You’re easy to read.  I can see a lot just by looking at your eyes but it’s not just about me is it?”
While that was weird TMI that he knew, it made me sound vulnerable so I said, “Why would you try? All I am is trouble waiting to happen anyway.  Why don’t you go find Ellen and tell her sweet nothings?”
He raised an eyebrow at me and then tossed them looking over my shoulder.  “Ellen is like a sister.  And no matter how you slice it, you are trouble with a capital T.”
I grinned anyway.  Ellen was like a sister.  Yippee said my heart having no reason to be envious even though I was.
“I like jealous on you.  It’s a lovely shade on your cheeks, but I’m afraid that you tend to steal every second of the day in my world.  I don’t know how you did it, but I can’t see other girls anymore.  They don’t exist.”
I smiled bigger and probably looked a little goofy though this little schoolgirl crush couldn’t go any further.  And it’s not like I wanted to egg him on anyway.  Crushes don’t get jealous.
“Why do you like me?  I heard you’ve had your share of girlfriends.”
He shrugged, “They weren’t like you.”
No one is like me.  “Okay, settled.  Enough gooey talk,” I said lamely.  “What do we do now?”
“We play it safe.  I can’t risk you getting hurt.  Be careful of who I told you and watch your back.  Lord knows I am.” 
“If you’re a good guy from up there, do you have wings?”  I looked up.
“For one who knows so much, you know little.  Do you have wings?” he asked grinning.
“No,” I blushed.  
“None of us do.  That’s a misconception on both sides and the humans haven’t a clue.”
He let me leave first and I didn’t talk to him again for the rest of the day except at dinner.  He didn’t know that Hayes stepped out of the shadow of the doorway after he walked away to show me he was listening. I hated that I liked it.  It was like an edge for danger stayed on the surface of what drives me.  Maybe darkness lived in me after all.  I’d always felt like good and evil battled inside me more than the average human or unnatural being like myself.  I just didn’t know how much of it was made up in my mind and how much was real.  Or if there was a difference.
At lunch, where I recently started joining my own classmates, Jason offered to tutor me in class if I was “having a hard time understanding the material,” and insisted that he demonstrate the garden of Eden scene first hand.  I knew he was doing this to rile Webb and Hayes up, but Jason didn’t understand what kind of fire he was lighting.  Of course, neither did I really.  Webb stayed still and quiet waiting for Hayes to react.  When he didn’t Webb said with a glint in his eye, “Don’t worry.  I heard her telling someone the other day that Adam has balls of steel.  I think she’s got it covered.”
I choked on my vegetable pizza but managed to damage control the reaction by looking from Webb to Jason and smarting off with, “Wanna truth or dare compare it boys? Adam’s,” I jabbed my thumb over my shoulder, “standing at the ready in the corridor.”
I’d at least caught them off guard.  Jason hemmed and hawed and let it go.  Webb didn’t respond, stone-faced and lethally quiet.
The night came quickly and I decided at the last minute to do some sneaking without Lace this time.  I was more on alert and had to be sure I didn’t get caught by the wrong or right persons.
I made it to the same spot as before, underneath Adam’s naked glory.  Though coming to this school gave me my first hand knowledge of the male anatomy from the very indiscreet statues adorning the corridors, I’ve held my own with the boys and their comments.  But somewhere deep the little girl inside me knew I was out of my league.  However, when I discovered how outnumbered I was in the male to female ratio, I had to switch tactics and use my snarky, sassy attitude to keep from being trampled on.  Predator, nor prey.  I refused to be the prey.
Adam was endowed with many parts, but I couldn’t help snickering a little at the thought where my hand had been arched the other night owning a linear line to my height.  I knew now what I bumped against, my cheeks burning with no one to see it.  
The stairwell was clear so I backed into the shadows once more and counted.  I would go on three.
One.  Two.
“I can’t keep you safe when you’re wandering the halls at night.” 
I stiffened.  Webb was standing in the exact spot as before but this time my back was to him and I knew he was right behind me. 
Man!  “I thought I’d covered my tracks coming a different route.”
“Wrong answer.  Kali, this is dangerous.”
Ohhh!  “Don’t tell me you’re going to tell me what to do also, Webb Travis,” I whispered fiercely while turning to face him.  I shot my finger into his face, “And get one thing straight right now.   I will not be ordered around by anyone.  I’m taking heed of your warnings, but you’re not giving me answers fast enough.”  My other hand fisted.  He looked down at it, not the least bit of worry in his eyes.
“Bit of a temper.  I see you’ll keep me on my toes.  I can handle that, Kali.  If you’re still mine to handle.  I know for a fact that Hayes has no intentions of letting you go.”
He leaned in putting his hand anchored above my head behind me.  
I folded my arms behind my back not realizing that my body language appeared to have succumbed to his sexy smooth voice.  “I am not his to have.”
“You say that, but that’s what you’re hoping to find out in there.”  He motioned up the stairs.  
So he could read my intentions.  I kind of hated that.
“I’m going in there this time, Webb.  With or without you.”
“I can’t convince you otherwise.”  
My patience was think with him choosing kissing when it was obvious I hadn’t the smallest inkling to at the moment.  I didn’t have time for this. “I thought we couldn’t do this?”
“We can’t.”  His lips were close.  Hayes would know.
“Then why are you so close to me?”
“Oh, I think you know the answer to that, but,” he leaned back holding the bridge between his nose and breathing out, “you are right.  And I’m not the one you really want.”
Oh, no.  That wasn’t my intention.  I knew my face showed it when he released his nose and looked at me, scanned my face, and chuckled just barely.  
“He already knows now, but I can’t seem to stay away from you.  Or you stay out of trouble enough to be far enough away from him.”
Harrumph!  My heart sped up at the thought of Hayes nearby.
“I masked your heartbeat in your room with a caged guinea pig under your bed to throw him off long enough for when your hard head had the mind to go anyway.”
I wanted to comment about the fact that the heart rate of a guinea pig is twice the rate of a human and would surely be detected, but I wanted to pay attention to the other factor in his good Samaritan act.  I was actually not mad at this. “You thought that far ahead...for me?”
Not to mention that the whole thing seemed very peculiar and oddly schoolboyish.
His face softened. “Yes.”
I altered my plans right then.  No, I wasn’t going to budge on getting in that office, but something else was changing in me.  This boy really was trying to protect me or keep me or something in between.
“Well, either you’re coming with me or we part here.”
He folded his arms, “You going alone isn’t an option.”
“So, we go together.  However, there is one problemo!”
His eyebrow rose.  His shadowy black ensemble was obviously sneak clothes but he had a reason to wander the halls. 
“I can’t explain you if I’m caught.  I can bluff a visit to father.”
He didn’t hesitate, “I have hallway rights.  Because of my gifts, I can sense if one is lying, therefore you’re father finds me useful. I escorted you up here when I found you.”
“But why would you be out,” I asked.
He smiled like I’d just given him a gift, “You’re father also has me keep tabs on you.  I am to make sure you don’t escape.”
Whoa!  “Hold on a minute, buddy.  You never mentioned that.  You are holding me prisoner in here.”
He cast his head down in a doubtful look, “Rash ever?  Hayes and your father believe I am keeping an eye on you for them.”  He leaned down to my ear and whispered so only the sound went in my ear, “I am doing what they ask.  And Hayes thinks it’s all a game.”  His lips touched my ear.  I was starting to wonder who was the one playing with danger.
“A game?” I looked at his face as he backed away.
“Only to him.  If he thinks anything else, he’ll not let me get within two feet of you.”
Oh!  Confusion stung my brain but I went with the opposite. “Got it.  Game on!”  That was the icing on the proverbial cake.  Webb might just be playing me to beat Hayes for some unearthly reason.
He unexpectedly laughed under his throat and looked towards the stairs.  “Let’s get this done.  What are you looking for?”
“Anything!”
“Are you sure this is what you should do?”
“I have a guardian angel here to save me otherwise, so why not?”
“I can be immortal but that doesn’t exempt me from pain.”
Silence and shadows followed the two of us up the stairs and dropped us off at the single dark mahogany door with the brass coiled snake doorknocker.   I learned from the girls it was called a viper.  The famous tattoo. It was also the same snake that formed the level ten rings each guy wore.  Thinking about it, I wanted a closer look at one if anything, for pure curiosity. It was chosen for a reason.
I saw that the fire flickered under the door, but this was a norm twenty-four seven for his office.  I rehearsed my prepared speech as we stood there.  Webb stepped back with a nod of my head and waited to see if father was there first, and turned knocking at the same time very lightly in case Cerb was close.
When no one answered, I assumed at half-past midnight my father was sleeping in the bedroom attached to his office, but one can never be sure with assumptions.  
I stealthily peeked around the door and saw Cerb look up at me and back down ignoring my presence.  I’d known this previously and counted on it working every time.  I slipped in the door and did some basic check the surroundings spy work.  Nothing stood out.  Nothing seemed to be missing.  
I thought too late as to whether Cerb would allow Webb into the room, but to my surprise, he did.  I eyed Webb and gave a pointed look to the dog indicating what I was thinking.  He just shrugged.
I headed to the desk seeing that nothing sat on top and no visible evidence of anything unusual struck my eye.
I folded the small handkerchief bandana cloth lying on the corner of the desk out to see inside.  It looked uneven like it had something with a little weight inside of it.  I was right.  A rock.  
Black, shiny.  I folded it back after showing Webb.
I wandered around to the front of the desk and that is when something hideous caught my eye.  It looked like a paperweight, but nothing was under it.  If you’ve ever been to the dentist, then you’ve seen the rows of plastered chattering teeth molds made from each of the patient’s teeth.  Well, this was just one mold, but I had an eerie feeling this wasn’t a mold.  The two protruding fangs separated out by the front teeth had to have belonged to a vampire.  I shivered.  
I started around the desk intending to motion to Webb who stood stark still and continued to watch me only, but I slinked back into the last step and looked down.  The trashcan had more than just a pretty little design on it.  It was sitting on something.  I raised the can up and there centered below it was a panel with a button in the middle.  I raised my eyes to Webb who was motioning to leave.  I replaced the can and walked leisurely enough following him out to mark off the windows, fireplace, and far inside wall only to find that the ceiling to floor bookshelves had to be the next visit’s target.  There was a secret panel.  Whether it was a safe, or a hidey-hole, or a whole secret room, I didn’t know yet.  
But I would.
We were back down and in the shadows of our birthday suit manly display meeting spot before we said a word.  I never thought to check for files.
“Those teeth were disgusting,” I shook my head at him.
“More so knowing that they were yanked from something’s mouth.” 
“I’m going back again.  There are important secrets hidden in there I need to know.  I have to know what that button leads to.”
His mouth slid out in an even line. 
“There are no files.  He doesn’t keep them.  Kali, you’re playing a dangerou—
“You said that already.  I’ll not be my father’s tool.  I will know what’s going on regardless of him telling me first or me finding out. And you could’ve mentioned before there were no files.”  
He pulled his brows down making a V form across his brightly glowing eyes even in this darker than a moonless night hallway.  He glanced at the same statue of Zeus he always did like he was nodding at it.  It never made sense to me.  “Kali, if I tell you more, will you hold off a little longer.”
Not only did this ignite the fire of knowing he knew way more than he was telling, it also made me painfully angry at him for using it against me.  “I will turn around right now, walk back to my room, and forget you just tried to bribe me with information.  And information about myself nonetheless.”
I turned around to leave hoping I displayed enough anger, but secretly hoping it would do the trick for what I really wanted.  
I felt his hand reach and pull away, never touching me.  Worked like a charm.  “I know you’re just saying that to get me to give in to you and fortunately for you, it works.  I wish it didn’t.”
“Why not?” I batted my eyes since he was confessing something extremely hard and for a guy no doubt.  No matter how reeled I was, his darkened sexy looks didn’t affect me whether he knew he was doing it or not.  I didn’t think anyone would ever love someone so “freaked up” as I am, so kissing Webb was essential.  I felt wanted.  Needed.  
He looked back down the long end of the corridor and then back towards the stairs.  Then as fast as lightening he had his lips against mine and then two feet away from me.  I felt like a yo-yo in overdrive.  All wound up and no release.
 “That’s why not.  I can’t seem to leave you alone even with the consequences.  I said I’d stay away, but I can’t.”
Is that so bad?  I pondered this.  And what consequences?  On one level I was so frightened at knowing more.  On another level I was so severely afraid this boy would inadvertently convince me to make some of the most dangerous decisions of my life.  And not just of the life threatening kind.  
Without meaning too, I touched my fingers to my lips.  They still tingled from his kiss.  I had to say something and knew he was waiting.  “I don’t think...I’m not sure yet Webb if you’re a good idea.  I’ll admit I have a certain amount of fear riding low in my brain that is waiting for the go button to tell me your safe, but until that happens, you’re going to have to prove to me I can trust you.”
He didn’t like this, but I knew he wouldn’t. “I will show you in time, but for now, you have to know one more thing before I leave you tonight.”
“Is it that you have super duper sensitive angel hearing and seem to be the only one who reads my hidden intentions?”  
And Hayes on occasion.
He nodded back and forth.  “No, but that was a surprise to me too when you came here.”
 “Just tell me.”  Huh?  That was an odd thing to say.
“When I was five my mother, who saw visions, told me I would meet a powerful angel one day.  Not one of my decent, but like me.”
I didn’t say anything and hoped there was more.
“And when I was ten she told me the same again but that she would try to kill me.”
I raised my eyes at that.
“And again at fifteen the same but that I would one day save her.  Others were in danger, people of my kind.  Whether the saving or killing came first was never determined.  But I do know this.  It is you, Kali.”
I didn’t think twice before saying, “And you think this is me your mom told you about even if you are immortal and I’m not that evil?”
“I know it is.”  He looked down.
“How could you possibly know that?”
He didn’t look up, “Because I’ve dreamed about you, your face, since the day I turned fifteen.”
I didn’t want to believe that.  
“That first day in the cafeteria, I knew then even after I refused to acknowledge it on the stairwell.  And when I asked your name, I got angrier at not knowing you were there. I should have seen you coming but I no one told me it was you, Styx’s daughter, to watch for...”
“How exactly did you know for sure?”  I couldn’t stand not seeing it for something other than a major clue.
“I knew you were the girl in the dreams.  I’d seen you over seven hundred times.  I’d seen you at the main doors hours before then and stood there in disbelief.”
If he was telling the truth, so help me I’m going to hate myself for what I said next, “And the fact that I might kill you makes you have the hots for me?”
His lip lingered just above a grin now.  “I’m not sure that’s a favorable part of the deal, but it’s a little more than that.  Somehow I just knew.”
 	“Knew what?”
“That you’re the end for me.  I know you’re the one for me whether you return it or not.”
This is heavy talk for two young people who have a long life ahead of them.  What do I say?  I just knew I’d know when I met the one for me and he’s not it.    “I have to admit I think that I am still in a confusion stage. Until I figure out the rest of this,” I pointed towards my father’s office, “I can’t focus on you.  You make me dizzy and incoherent.”  
He smiled hugely at that mistake.  I didn’t mean anything by it except that he caught me off guard sometimes.  He moved in large, delaying steps back to me.  I threw my hands up knowing what he was doing.  In the end, I let him capture me.  Kiss me.  His hands made their first appearance.  I’d have not noted it other than it was new.  It didn’t have much affect and that bothered me.  He was some kind of gorgeous and he didn’t make me swoon like I wanted.  When his hands started moving lower and then under my shirt, I pushed him away.    I needed to stop this soon.  I knew that now.  When he got the hint and didn’t apologize he said, “When this is all over, I’ll tell you all the things I have to say to make you mine, Kali.”
I didn’t agree to anything.  Making him mad at me would thwart my plans for survival if he was the guardian angel he said he is.  He was no angel.



Chapter Sixteen  Truth or Dare

The next night I couldn’t get away at all because Lace wouldn’t go to sleep and had no way of seeing Webb either.  I rationalized that I only wanted to get down to business with finding some missing links, but I knew somewhere deep inside it was to see Webb and let him know I wasn’t mad.  I was.  I didn’t like being forced to do anything and next time I would make sure he knew I was a hands off kind of girl until I give the say so.  With him, it would be never.  
In classes he sneaked in a smile or two but nothing more.  I was shocked to see two very solid black eyes and a busted lip on him.  He didn’t say where they came from, but I had my guesses by the darkened looks I got from Hayes each time I commented on it.  Webb smiled carefully and went back to his studies.  
As I followed Lace down the hall to one of the other dorm rooms, I pondered how I could escape and sneak into the boy’s dorm to see Webb and ask more questions.  With everything he’s told me, there can’t be much more.
Walking into Lace’s friends room made me realize how far I was away in making more friends at my new school.  I greeted the girl I ate lunch with daily and learned her name was Emily.  We settled on Emily’s bed and waited for two more people.  I was shocked to see Bridgett and Bailey walking in the door.  I didn’t think the levels crossed friend barriers.
“What, so surprised we have friends, Styx?  You just never noticed.  Too busy being chased by boys.”
Everyone giggled at my expense, even Lace.  I glared at her.
“What?” she drawled in her southern accent making each word draw out and clip at the end. “It’s true.  Even at lunch you ignore me and pine over Webb the hottie in your level, Hayes the hotter than any other creature on earth, and well...we certainly can’t read your mind to find out who else might be on your mind.”
I rolled my eyes at the farce she rattled off at me.
“So this is mission rescue Kali.  You needed a girls’ revival,” Bridgett popped my knee with a bottle of bright neon orange fingernail polish.  
I rolled my eyes and went with it.  “You are right.  I needed this.  I just didn’t expect...” I looked at Bridgett and then at Bailey.
“I know.  I know.  To see us here.  Well, we’re not all snobs like you Styx.  Better learn that now.  We have each other’s back in a bind.”
Lace spoke up, “If we don’t stick together your dad might—“
“Shut up, Lace!”  Bailey spoke out for the first time tonight.  
My head snapped to hers.  She friggin’ knew something too.  Why did everyone know things but me?
“Oh no, you’re giving up what you just leaked.  I won’t sit here and listen to your gal gossip if you’re going to keep secrets that involve me.  I have enough of that already.”  I said that last bit to assure them that I was in the know about some things and had outside sources telling me otherwise.  Of course, it backfired.
“Just because you’re making out with Hayes and Webb both at the same time to get information about your own father doesn’t mean you’re going to get it from us too.  Let’s get one thing right, we’re all straight in here,” Bridgett folded her legs and arms together and plopped sideways next to me on the bed.  “Besides, you’re not my type.”
“I did not make out with Hayes, however—“
“Ohhhhh! I knew it.  Webb’s been giving you eyes all day. Tell all, girl.”
I freaked out.  
Lace piped up with what I thought was a save. “Oh, she won’t talk.  Truth or dare it is.  I’ll start.”  The girls assembled around the room in a kind of circle.  I noticed Lace pointed her face in Bridgett's direction away from me so I relaxed for the moment.  
	“Truth or dare?” Lace asked Bridgett.
“Start with a truth,” she said back.
“Do you go on eating binges more than twice a week?”
“Easy, yes.  I am sixteen years old.  Not an option otherwise,” Bridgett answered easily though her answer was a sad one.  
Bailey cleared her throat.  I didn’t know why.
Lace turned to who was beside her, Bailey.  Oh, duh.  I got it now.  She looked at me, “Sometimes they’re ruthless.  You might want to duck out now before they get to you.”
I nodded and moved to stand, but Lace and Bridgett caught both of my arms and threw me back down to sitting.  “Oh.no.you.don’t.Styx,” Bridgett boomed out.   “Truth or dare?”
“Do I have a choice?” Bailey asked fanatically even for her.
“No.  You know you’ve had three truths in a row now so your dare is up.  Hmm!  What will it be?”
I poured out a hopeful comment to calm Bailey before the storm, “Will it be cow tipping the good ole American way I’d heard southerners do or kidnapping bunny rabbits for the fun of it?” 
It worked, Bailey looked at me like I was nuts.
Lace shot up out of the bed, “I know.”  She whispered to Bridgett.  They giggled.
Bridgett stood and walked to the window eyeing what she must have wanted to see because she grinned widely and returned. 
“You will take off everything for the top up and flash the guards that are standing just below our windows.”
Bailey seemed relieved.  I hoped that wasn’t a sign of something worse to come.  She shed the clothes and stepped to the window.  The room in giggles, she stood there for three seconds and turned to put her top back on.
“Oh, no. You have to raise the window and get their attention.”
“Bridgett.  Please.  They’re so scary evil.  What if they take me for indecent exposure?”
“Hardly.  They will like it so much they won’t take you away in hopes you might do it again,” Bridgett came back with dropping her tone at the tail end.
Bailey stomped back, raised the window, and started to shout.  Bridgett stepped closer and put her head beside the window, “Hey boys!  Got a little happy for you on this fine night.”
I watched as Bailey covered her face with her hands.  I couldn’t see out the window, but the whistles and cat calls were loud enough I knew what they must be doing.  At least that confirmed they were not evil combat robots.  Somewhere inside of them they had a libido which meant they could smile at something in life if not exposed female parts for one.
When Bailey was dressed again and all were sitting where they were before, all eyes turned to me.  
	“Well, since it’s your first T and D we will go easier on you.”
	“Don’t count on it,” Bailey mumbled.  Bridgett slapped her leg.
“Ow!” she yelped.
“As a first time member you have to first do a dare and then we will each give you a truth,” she paused, “If you complete the dare.”
“Okay.  How bad could it be?”  They were just high school girls.
Bailey scoffed.  Bridgett ignored her this time.
“You will sneak into the boy’s dorm, take a serpent’s ring, and return it to us before midnight.”
“Serpent’s ring?”
“You haven’t noticed each of the boy’s have a ring when they get to level ten?”
No!  Unless she meant the viper one.  “I guess not.  What does it look like?”  Sneaking I could do!
All three girls jumped up and down on the beds in excitement.  I asked them for a few more details, and headed out on my ridiculous mission of zero reconnaissance.  I overheard Bridgett squealing out, “This is so Charlie’s Angels.  We are so bad to the bone.”  Somehow, sneaking into the boy’s dorms at night to “borrow” a truth or dare item seemed far from OO7 or any other deadlier than life itself task.
I zipped back in my dorm to change out of my bright yellow oversized t-shirt.  I switched to a black fitted tee and settled for the sleep shorts I still had own since I didn’t plan on getting caught.  
I scooted out the door room and headed towards my destination.  The girls were peeking out Lace’s dorm room as I exited to the main hall that led to the boys’ dorms below us.  
When I surfaced right inside the hall that housed all the same kind of doors that our hall did, I knew I was in the right place.  I knew from listening to Webb and the other boys chat at dinner where each of them were in the lineup of rooms.  When they didn’t think I was listening, I was silently arranging peas on my plate one night to know the layout.  I figured it might come in handy one day.  Guess that’s now!
They didn’t know I also lined up in my brain diary of important notes to ponder later that I knew the boy’s locker arrangement in the dressing rooms.  Getting in lockers wasn’t a problem for me.
I walked the length of the hall counting the rooms letting the cadence of my steps stay a silent whisper on the air.  302.  303. 304 was Hayes and Jason.  305 was Webb and Kace.  I knew that entering a boys dorm would most likely prove to be a disastrous notch on my meter of bad decisions in my life, but I needed that ring and Webb would help me.
I turned the doorknob praying the door was unlocked.   None of us girls ever locked the door.  It clicked open.  
I smoothed my hand over the frame of the door noting that the room was dark.  I knew in the back of my mind that if both boys were asleep in bed, they would be wound up in covers or not but with a ring on each of the hand.  Since I’d never noticed them before, I certainly didn’t know which hand to check.
The room already smelled like a masculine cubbyhole of cologne and well...man smell.  At a small peek, I detected clothes strewn across the floor.  Great!  Something might bite me in here.
I made it into the room and leaned against the back of the door before my eyes adjusted enough to see that one bed was empty.  Since all of our rooms had private bathrooms my eyes immediately went to the door beside me.  The light was off, but the door was halfway closed making it hard to tell if someone was hidden behind it.  
I decided to ignore the bathroom and check the body on the left with a leg hanging off to the side.  The snoring was loud and the covers were missing.  I thanked the heavens he had boxers on, but easily noted this was not Webb.  The legs weren’t long enough to be his height.  That meant Webb was somewhere other than the direction I was creeping towards.
As I started to check the nightstand next to the empty bed I caught a second too late that someone was behind me.  Reason told me it was Webb, and reason was correct.  But reason didn’t tell me he’d be in boxers and nothing else.  He slipped on pants at my gaspy response but they still hung low enough for distraction.
He put one hand up to his mouth to hush me. I felt the whisper hit my ear before his mouth opened, “You are the most dangerous girl I’ve known.  If you think you’ve made a wise decision, you’re sadly mistaken.  What and why are you here?”
He covered my mouth.  I found the ring and pointed so he could see.  He chuckled into my ear.  “Truth or dare initiation night courtesy of Bridgett.”
I shook my head seizing his hand that wouldn't let up.  I licked his hand once.  Twice.
“Once again, danger must be your middle name for you don’t have any idea what you’re doing right now.”  He looked shaken by the event, not excited.  That confused me.
I licked again just to prove a point when his hand moved.  “I’m going to let you leave now and you are not going to throw any spells at me.  Are you ready?”
I shook my head yes.  Since my eyes had adjusted minutes ago and stayed resting on the snoring figure in the bed a foot away from me, I had no problem settling them over the chest and arms and well, everything in front of me.  Knowing my eyes were probably committing traitorous readable thoughts aloud for him, he just stood there and let me stare.  He, after all, was the half naked one.  “I...I...I need that ring.”
I felt like such an idiot.  I couldn’t take my eyes off of him.  I never really seen any of the guys back in my old high school except on the football field, and never this close.  “Good to see you at least like me.”
Harrumph!  I rolled my eyes!  
	“Not arrogance, Kali.  I was just scared you didn’t like me at all.  If I’d have known it would take me parading around in boxers, I’d have shown up for class in them.”
“Yeah right.  You know you’re hot.”
He put his finger to my lips.  I was very aware of how close he was to me.  “Tell me when that means something more to you.”
With a nervous smile I peeked at his roommate.
“He’s a brick.  He doesn’t even know when I leave.”
I was blocked between him and the exit to the door.  I chanced a look up at his face for which I’d successfully avoided until now.  With silence looming over us, one of us had to make the next move.  And somehow, I didn’t trust my own motives for prolonging this stay.  I kind of enjoyed the kissing, but knew I was leading him on. I suddenly remembered the time and searched for an alarm clock.  I had fifteen minutes till midnight.  
“Are you on a deadline?” he whispered.
I nodded feeling his stubble as I rubbed against his chin on the way back from seeing the clock.  I wasn’t sure but I thought I heard him moan when I grabbed his arm to balance myself in the too quiet still of the night.  I felt his hands come together, but not on me.  He didn’t move away, but pulled the ring up between my face and his.  The snake was in the air, one single ruby red eye staring with the surest of evil intent.  I’d heard once that rubies were the queen of stones, the stone of kings.  It’s said to have magical properties.   
	“Take it.  Just make sure you slip it back to me in class tomorrow.”
“Thank you,” I popped an intended quick kiss on his cheek.  My hair was falling out of my ponytail from all the tugging I was doing on it, so I pulled it out.
After the kiss he whispered into my ear, “Next time you leave the room, you should wear more clothes.  And don’t come here again.  Eyes are all over the place.”
I frowned.  Whose eyes?
	He read me right.  “You have no idea of the power you hold aside from your magic.”
I smiled again and pecked his cheek as I checked the clock.  Ten minutes to go.  “I really have to go Webb.”  I hugged him.  He didn’t hug me back.  Oh, he was warm.  I had to say something, “You’re very...warm.”
“Yeah, I see a cold shower in my future.”
I gave a nervous chuckle and headed for the door.  He was right, I did put myself into a certain amount of danger not knowing the consequences.  
I looked back at the last second when I had the door open knowing a funny feeling had settled over me.  I had missed something.  To my surprise, Kace was sitting on the side of the bed, scratching his crotch, and staring straight at me with a wide smile and bright glowing night eyes.
“Enjoyed the show, Kali.  I’ll be available tomorrow night too for the midnight showing.  But you better watch out for the vipers who stand guard against your treasures.  They bite.”  He pointed to the ring, or rather where I tucked it away.
An object about the size of a stick of deodorant hit his face and I chanced a look at Webb standing in the bathroom who looked apologetic.  I just shook my head and left. 
In the dark, outside his room, stood Hayes.  He had a menacing look like he would murder for free if someone said the word.  What got his panties in a wad was disturbing but worth asking but not now.  I smiled at him like I belonged there realizing only then he was half naked and he was noting my lack of clothes in the same moment.  Frozen solid, I’d just left another boys’ room that was minus a few clothes but he did nothing for the flutters my heart pumped heatedly at seeing Hayes with sweat dripping in more places that I should know about.
“I’ll just be going,” it was meant to be forceful and mean girl like.  It came out flustered and shakily.  My eyes dropped to his gym shorts again that rode low and let me know he had a thin line of man hair pointing down.  I gulped and looked at the wall beside him, but before my eyes completely trailed off of him, I caught the marking on the back edge of where his pants met his skin.  It was the tattoo.  That I didn’t notice.  Or look enough to know it was two inches over from his side and a quarter inch from where his belt would hit.
“Kate, you should be in your room.”
That angered me.  When did he become parental? Or a viper!  “Okay mom.  See ya,” I scooted by him trying to reach the door. He took my arm and I thought he would say something when I jerked away but he just let me go.  I couldn't handle him touching me.
A swoosh of air blew my hair up from my mouth as I shut the dorm door on him without remembering to check for the other tattoo that so defines this man of many colors. He was such a labyrinth of disguise that I couldn’t seem to solve the mystery to.
I returned with no problem.  The girls were all gossip and popcorn when I walked in the door.  I hid the ring in my bra strap.
They watched my every move as I sat on the edge of the bed.  I saw Lace glance at my wayward hair and raise an eye.  “Whose ring did you take?”
I took my time reaching into my shirt and pulling it out.  “It was a dangerous mission girls.  One that involved hardships, boxer shorts, and the taste of poison.”
“Oh, my kind of fantasy.  I knew you would be perfect for our group.  We have to do this again tomorrow.  Tell us everything,” Bridgett cooed.  I smiled at having friends again.  It was nice.
“A girl doesn’t kiss and tell.”  I tried to hide my thoughts, but my face betrayed me.
“Dayum, yeah she does.  Because I know it involves Webb Travis and four lips.  Talk!”  Emily offered something for the first time.  
She guessed by my widened eyes I didn’t know she knew.  
Emily added more of her insight, “Girl, spill it.  Everyone knows that Webb has it bad for you and Hayes is sitting back thinking he just has you.  We’ve watched this since the day you arrived.  We’re just all Team Webb.  Hayes is an arrogant ass.”
I gave.  “Fine.  But if I’m joining this gossip group, I have to know now that I’m not going to be approached tomorrow by other idiots who want to nose in my wormhole.”
All four held up peace sign symbols, “We vow to keep the peace and hide any and all needed secrets of the peeps!”  The three girl’s collided hands together in a knuckle bump and waited for mine.  I had to trust someone.  I joined my hand with theirs.
“Webb is...nice.”  Not sure he’s the one for me like he feels about me.
“Already checked off the list.”  Lace said back.
“I think he likes me.”
	“Girl, that boy has it so bad for you,” Bridgett taunted with her hands waving.
“Told you,” Lace affirmed, “so shut your scrawny butt up.” 
“Yeah well, I’ve never been chased like this before.  I can’t help but wonder if Hayes and Webb have another agenda.  I want to be sure of his intent.  Besides, all boys are like this when the girl can put them on their asses.  And I don’t like Webb like he seems to like me.”
“Philosophical girl turns down making out.  I want to be in your shoes for a day so I can get a taste of that yum yum you are turning down.”
“For your information I haven’t had a taste of the Hayes Under yum yum and I’m not sure it would taste good anyway.”
“Um, you’re so wrong.  And that only confirms what you HAVE done with Mr. Webb Travis.”
“I won’t deny his yum.   He’s certainly a great kisser.   It’s..it’s—“
“Oh, girl. You aren’t admitting it, but you got it bad for him too.”
I rolled my eyes.  “No I don’t.  He just pays attention to me.  There’s a difference.  And kissing isn't that much anyway.”
	“Yeah, you just don’t see it.”
“Either way his kiss was just different than other boys, experienced.  They are great and all, but their just kisses.”  I thought back to his kisses the other night.  And in the dressing room.  When I blinked my eyes back to the present, all three girls were in wide mouth, glossy eyed mode.
I threw a pillow at Lace and Bailey across from me and hit Bridgett in the arm with my fist.  “Stop staring at me.”
“It’s so bad you’re reenacting it.  I am so going to watch the two of you when you’re not looking.  My own little reality TV show at work.  Maybe I’ll get Jason to YouTube you two with your next embrace and kiss scene.  Gods, I should have gone with you tonight for verification,” Bridgett went on and on.
“Which reminds me, Webb knew you sent me.  And...and Kace saw the whole “show” as he called it.  I may not be able to stifle the whole thing much longer.”
“Well ladies, it’s late,” Bailey yawned.
I shifted and said, “STAY.”
All were immobile too fast.   Oops!  “RELAX.”
“You are one scary chick.”
	I ignored her. “I didn’t mean for it to come out that way.  I told you I can’t remember to control the power sometimes.  It’s your turn Bridgett.  Now talk.”
I saw Bridgett visibly swallow and close her eyes.  Was she afraid all of the sudden?
	“I promised.”
The other two seemed nervous.
“What I’m about to say doesn’t leave this room.”  All nodded and put up the peace sign salute and ended with the all together knuckle bumps.  Bridgett swallowed, “I know you’re father’s real name is not professor Styx.  And he wasn’t always a professor.”
“I know who he is but would love to know why you do and why you think I should.”
She swallowed again.  “I saw him one day when no one was looking.  He made the snake on his door come alive and it slithered away.”
Okay. Again, I wondered again about the symbolism of the viper. Was it simply a symbol, or did it mean more?  “That is definitely something.”
	“Please believe me.  I just want to graduate and leave here alive.  I’ve not told a soul except Lace and Bailey.  I’m only telling you because you’re his daughter and I don’t think you’re anything like him.”
“I’m not evil,” I gritted my teeth not knowing where the sudden anger come from.
	Bridgett sat further back, “That’s why I’m telling you, Kali Styx.  I want to think you are savable.”
	“Are you saying that you think my father is evil?  Bad angels do exist, you know.”
She eyed the others. 
“Bridgett, quit looking at them for approval and tell me damn it.”
“I’m just scared.  We initially brought you in here to see if Lace was right about you not being the evil spawn of Dracula himself, but now that you’re here and I want to know that I’ll get out of here safely, I’m scared.  You’re our last hope.”
“What do you mean last hope?”  Now I was scared.
“We aren’t just students here.  We are being trained for something else.  Once you’re here, you don’t leave.  No one has ever left.  Yes, we leave for summer, but a guard shows up promptly at your door to return you to school each semester.”
“I wasn’t escorted.”
“You’re the de—“
	Bailey stopped her.  I watched Bailey’s pain stricken face contort and twist into five different directions before she closed her eyes and said through clenched teeth, “Bridgett, she is not ready for your theories yet.”




Chapter Seventeen  Rules are Rules


“When will I be?  This is about me.  If my father is involved in something illegal I have no intentions of backing him.  He just showed up in my life.  All he ever did was encourage me to do whatever I wanted.  Sent me whatever I wanted, not that I turned it down.  But never once did he care about me in anyway.  He barely came to see me.  Some father."
“Fine.  But I warned you,” Bailey said.  She turned her eyes to Bridgett and nodded for her to go on.  
“The signs are all there.  He doesn’t ever go out in daytime other than the ruthless duels.  He hides away in here, doesn’t own a car, and provides a rather loose set of rules.  You’re father’s even trying to tell you.  Why do you think we have to read Paradise Lost, for the great history?”  Bridgett was being sarcastic, but she was scared too.  
“I’ve got nothing.  Talk Bridgett,” I mused.  I wanted them to say it.
“Just so you know, that was the first duel he’s ever attended.”  Her way of holding her expressions like she did in class were gone right now. Her face was full of fear. “You’re father is the serpent himself.”
	I tilted my head sideways analyzing that thought, “You mean the serpent from Eden.  The same serpent that duped Eve and then Adam?”
All four girls nodded this time.  I licked my lips feeling them getting drier the more I breathed in.  I felt my heartbeat escalating hearing confirmation of my own conclusion.  “You mean the same serpent that runs...hell?”  This was stupid.  I rolled my eyes.
All four girls nodded again.
“Surely, you’re just over imaginative.  He’s from the bad side of the term angel, but the leader?  Maybe he’s evil.  Maybe he’s sadistic even, I don’t know yet.  But Had—
“Don’t say his name!” All four girls jumped up and said at the same time. 
Okay!  “No saying the name then.”
Bailey spoke up.  She was more talkative tonight than she had ever been.  “Saying it alerts him.  We have no doubt.  We’ve tried this and unfortunately it worked.”
“When?” If they were lying, they didn’t look like they thought they were.  They truly believed what they took turns relaying to me.
Lace started, “Months ago, before summer break, we were at lunch once.  We were playing truth or dare with a couple of guys from level six then, who were hopeful for something eventful in our dare time.  We were having a good time.   Rob, one of the guys, said he’d go to hell and back to convince us to meet them in their room for a spin the bottle party.  I didn’t think I could get desperate enough to play that game unless I was picking who’s playing, so I told him to speak to the L man himself and see if he could conjure up a couple of different girls he could go snogging on all night.”
Bailey piped in, “It was harmless fun.  Big talk for us since some of us haven’t even had a first kiss, much less let it be in a closet.  I couldn’t help but say something to Rob also, so I told him I’d kiss him when LU—the L man freezes the ice in his cup over.”
	“Pure harmless fun, right?  Well, every drink in the cafeteria was suddenly frozen solid.  Every drink.”
I sat quietly.  Nothing seemed that drastic yet.  I sat watching them, knowing still that they believed what they were telling me. I couldn’t tell them they were right.
“You look doubtful, but unfortunately there is more.  We waited till the next day before talking about what happened.  All of us were stunned and most just chalked it up to someone’s attempt at humor from the level tens.”
Bridgett broke in Lace’s story with, “I confirmed later that day that no one had done it. I know they weren’t lying, just trust me. They were scared shitless since the seven of them knew they were top of the chart stronger than any other and didn’t do it themselves.  Well, except Hayes.  He laughed the whole time, but his only match is Webb and Webb said he didn’t do it.”
Lace took over again, “So the next day we got all experimental by replaying the T or D with the same guys again.”
	Bailey eagerly added, “Except this time we were picking our words carefully with watchful eyes.”
Bridgett picked back up, “I told the guys we’d meet them in the arena at midnight and play the game with them in exchange for doing some snooping for us.”
	My eyes reacted to the idea of leaving the school at night.  I’d ignored the implications of why we weren’t allowed to leave and just hadn’t acted on it yet.  
“Yes, I see you admit there is something sinister about keeping us locked up in this place,” Lace said.  “Well, let us finish before you start thinking.  We’d never attempted this type of sneak out before.  As all of us who start here at age thirteen learned that “it was for our own safety” and had heard the horror stories of what had happened to some before us, we never dreamed of what would happen that night.”  She took a breath.
“It was moonless.  There are no lights on the grounds except for the gas lamps.  The guards know everything.   And to make a long story short, have you met Rob yet?”  Bridgett was slowing down what she said.
I nodded in confusion.  
“He disappeared that night,” Lace said.
“And we’ve not seen him since.  We made it the window in the study hall to sneak out on first floor.  Bailey was halfway out the window when we heard a scream.  A guy’s scream.  We saw Jaden, the other guy running towards where we were climbing out and he was crawling faster than lightening to get in.  We all fell backwards into the room as he scaled the wall, fell on top of Bailey, and ran through the whole school screaming.  He left the school before morning and supposedly went home.”
“Supposedly, can’t we confirm it?” I asked. 
Bailey was crying now, “I tried.  The phone number we call has a machine that never picks up.”
I swallowed.  Nothing struck me enough to scare me yet.  “And what happened to Rob?”
“He never returned.  Just disappeared.  No one spoke to Jaden again so no one knew.  But Bailey and I know what we smelled that night.  When Jaden crawled through that window, he smelled like a burning fire.  And not like the roasting wienies kind.  I’ve never smelled that kind of burnt before, but we both thought the same thing.  Rob had been burnt alive.  I have no desire to find out what burnt flesh smells like to confirm it either.”
	I thought a long time before speaking next.  “I think you girls have some grand ideas, but I don’t see what this has to do with my father.”
Bridgett looked at the ceiling.  “There’s one more thing.”
I waited. 
“You’re father announced the next day that if the ones who were party to the two boys who were caught trying to leave the school were found out, they would be punished too.  He never said anything more to the school, but in class for the next week Professor Styx watched the two of us like hawks.  A week later, Bailey found a snake in her bed.  Professor Styx came to our dorm room that night.  He told us to not make things up.  And when another one showed up the next night, and the next, Professor Styx had the whole school convinced we’d made up the story about Rob and Jaden too.  No one remembers them now.  Except Webb.  And I think Hayes does too, but won’t admit it.”
I am not stupid.  I know what all this means in their heads.  “And you think my father is Hades.  Lucifer, Sa—
Bailey’s mouth covered mine.  “Please, I don’t want to die.  And you may be our only ticket out of here.”
	“If you’re his daughter and you don’t seem to be so evil, maybe there’s hope.”
“Why do you think we won’t get out of here?”
“You’re father told the level tens possible this year into his personal and would do anything to get them and keep them.  He said that any level nine showing the same potential would be the same.”
“So,” I interrupted, “That sounds like a compliment, even for him.”
“Yeah, you’ll think so until you hear what I say next.  When I went home this summer, I did some looking.  No one has every graduated from Styx Institute.”
“What do you mean?” I asked.
“Nowhere in the world is there any record of anyone ever graduating and going anywhere from this school.   It’s been open for—“
“Eighteen years.  Yeah, I know.  Since I was born.  He said it’s the reason he could never be with me.  Because he had obligations.  Just not me.”
All of us were quiet for a moment.  “You mean no one has any record of anyone ever leaving here?” 
Bridgett shook her head at me.
“And you think the snakes are indicative of Ha—the L man? And the burnt whatever it was?  And the doorknocker?”  I’d not forgotten it.  
	They held their breath in wait.  
“Okay, suppose you’re right.  And he’s Ha...or somehow connected to the big bad L dude.  What do we do about it or how would we prove it?”  I’d already done some of my own snooping, but it wouldn’t hurt to have some help as long as no one was put in danger.
“Nothing at all.  I’m not getting dead,” Bailey threw her hands up in the air.  
	“Agreed.”  Bridgett followed her lead.  “I want to be able to leave the school.”
“What if he never lets us leave,” Lave threw out.
“Okay.  Fine.  You guys lay low.  I’ve already done some surveillance on him with Webb.”
“Ohhh!  Have you?  And this was so hard to do, I’m sure.  You had suspicions all along.  I knew it.  You are the ticket to freedom.”  Bridgett was giddy and jumpy all over me.
“Get off me.  I will let you know what I find out.  You keep your eyes out.”
“We have.  Our eyes found you.”
I knew who he said he was.  I just didn’t’ think it meant quite like  what it did.   He didn’t come off as a fiery demon in fatherly terms.  Unless you count negligence as demonic.  
“Well, let’s talk more at lunch maybe.  Or better yet, tomorrow night.  And no more L or H words.  He isn’t who you think, just so you know, but he is his descendant.  The real one died long ago.  My father somehow got the job and only told me who he was before I came here.  Now I’m going to bed for the five remaining hours I have left.  Goodnight fellow havoc makers.”
All four girls laughed in unison.
“Why did you come if you knew who he was?” Bailey asked hesitantly as I stood by the bed.
“I have more friends now than I ever did because they accept me for who I am and not what I might blow up.  He may be evil, but I don’t think he’ll hurt us.”  
Lace looked at me expectantly, “Promise us you will find out more?”
I did.  And I wasn’t sure I believed my own words.




Chapter Eighteen  Adam and Eve


I went to bed with a lot to think about, but neither energy nor brain power to let it filter out.  I never told them about my run in with Hayes and I resolved to corner Webb before the next day ended.  
Another small stone was on my pillow.  I pocketed it the next morning to get an answer out of Lace, but forgot all about it again.
Class was too much of a distraction since Webb was missing.  I asked Kace where he was and he just shrugged and looked back down but not before I caught sight of his glance at Hayes.
A solid deep dread set inside me at the possibilities of where he might be or what might have happened.  I turned on my charisma and headed to Hayes.  He’d have answers though he never gave me any before.  But...two can play the charm game.
After class I stopped Hayes in the hallway with my hand on his arm.  I let it linger to make myself known.  He stiffened letting me know he’d taken the bait.  I ran my finger up and down his arm’s length causing him to turn his steely green silken eyes around to mine.  His lips twitched as if he fought a smile and said nothing.  I watched as it then changed into the smooth talking Casanova type that he was.  I shivered at the mere thought of touching him again. He was at the very least...fascinating to watch.  Like the eyes of a cat cornering his prey, he was on me in seconds.  
I found myself backed into a large room sized closet in the dark.  I searched the wall for light and heard Hayes at the same time, protesting it.
I tried to pry his fingers from my hip but he was strong, rock hard.  I opened my mouth to throw a spell at him but before I could his mouth was attacking me.  I intended to let him for enough time to seem legit, but I was no longer in control.  His kiss was a little more personal than I thought it would be.  His taste was rich, potent.  It tasted of fire again, but with that same glazed sweetness.  The wicked part of him was so enticing, drawing me in.   I could easily—
He finally came up for air and I knew right then he’d easily found that I returned the kiss.  When did I go from being leery of Hayes Under to completely under his spell?  “Whether you’re objectifying me or enjoying yourself is easily overlooked.  I knew you would see reason.  I am the one for you, Kate.  You were made just for me and me for you.  You’re father will be so—
That was it.  The alarm rang.  “My father?” I jumped out of his arms.  When I saw the alert in his eyes, I softened my smile and said, “He’ll have my hide for kissing a boy in a closet.  Don’t tell him.”  I wanted to scream something vulgar and unrefined for including my father in the same subject area pertaining to him kissing me.
He changed his features fast.  “Oh, no!  You’re father will be delighted.  He’ll even change his mind about Webb if you keep this up.”
Change his mind?  What about Webb?  I need more answers and he’s talking.  I had no super power mojo that could make a person spill their secrets.  That sucked bricks.  
“I only want you.”  Curses, that’s going to hurt later for saying it to him.  
His eyes sizzled with excitement.  “Oh, and I can give it to you.”  He grabbed my face and held on forcing the kiss again.  I let him, but I tried not to return it though it enveloped me, completely consuming and burning the edges of my brain with its lasting imprints.  But there was something in the kiss that didn’t match his demeanor.  I felt my body shake, and then melt into him. His kiss was slow and deliberate this time, all need.  And then...it changed.  It turned to something tender.  If a kiss had meaning this one said I have a secret to reveal.  My head began to spin.  I had to stop this!
I felt for the doorknob and bounded out the door in a forward motion with his paws and lips still all over the places I was trying hard not to want.  I pulled my face away hoping the exit would make him slow down, but when I managed to get my lips free, all I saw was another face standing right in front of us.  Webb.
My hands fell to my side from pushing Hayes away.  I didn’t know what to do exactly so I chose the first thought that came to mind. I grabbed hold of Hayes’ hand and stood as still as possible waiting for someone to make a move.  Webb looked at our hands, then at my eyes that I knew gave me away.  He knew something wasn’t right, but I could see he was unsure about whether I was being real or not.  He’d told me not to let Hayes or anyone know.  This is what HE wanted!
Okay, so he told me to stay away from the one boy I was just hiding in a closet with.
Webb’s jaw popped as his chiseled lovely chin twisted back and forth.  He nodded at both of us, walked away and left me stranded with touchy feely Hayes Under.  
I let his hand go too soon.  He turned his luring eyes back to me when Webb was out of sight.  “I know that was a little show Kate, but I’m satisfied anyway.  You’ll be mine whether you want to admit it or not and making it easier for yourself will lessen your own pain from liking him more than me.  Better sooner than later.”
He left me.  No affection or parting words.  Brilliant!
That night, I couldn’t sleep replaying the damn kiss with Hayes Under in my brain over and over and analyzing the meaning behind it.  And worse, I wanted more.  
I liked kissing Webb.  But Hayes.  I was in some kind of euphoria with him.  The kiss was too short to analyze it too much yet.  Not that I wanted to again.
Tossing and turning seemed to be the extent of my slumber, so I attempted a sneak towards my father’s room again.  Webb seemed to have ignored me all afternoon and that had me in a pissy mood, so I figured finding out something important was the only thing to make up for it.  Webb missing morning classes never came up in any conversation and he wasn’t at lunch but he stayed so focused on the afternoon Adam and Eve discussion about whether Eve was created just to tempt man and make him falter or was she intended for greater purposes.  The conversation was very one sided since Bridgett, Bailey, and I were the only females to defend ourselves.  The final conclusion as stated by Webb included, “Maybe life wouldn’t have sustained without them, but at least man would have made better decisions without the lure of a woman befuddling his brain.”
Well!  Guess I know who that was intended for!
Standing at the statue of Adam and Eve now, I had the strongest desire to graffiti a tattoo on Adam’s family jewels to show my feelings towards what boys like Adam did to all womankind with introducing those diamonds to my knives.  
I stepped closer to Adam’s leg and thigh slicing a quick two slashes into the letter X to feel some satisfaction when my nose told me who had crept up behind me.
“You have to quit following me.”
“When you quit putting yourself into danger.”
“And you quit showing up to get in my way.”
He popped his jaw like he did in the afternoon.  He held my eyes for a few seconds longer saying nothing.  “What were you going to do?” He tossed his eyes to Adam and back to me.  
“X marks the spot.  Maybe cutting off his balls will remind him every time he sees a woman that he couldn’t make it one day without us, befuddling or not.”
“And you think you can make it one day without us?”
I can.  I will.  I think.  “I don’t need a man.”
He popped the jaw a third time for the day.  “If you pop that jaw one more time I am going to—“
All of the sudden he was up against me and pinning me against the statue.  “Or you’ll what?”  The longing in his staggered words was unmistakably there whether he wanted it hidden or not.
I closed my eyes and my body tried to move away from him, “You can’t do that.”
I heard a popping noise close by, but I didn’t open my eyes when he said really close to my face, “I know you didn’t initiate what you did with Under.  I know this.  He knows I know this.”
“So why so angry?”  My eyes didn’t open.  I knew better than to look up at him. And I sure wouldn’t admit even in my own head that it wasn’t disgust I felt for Hayes Under.  He lit a fire in me.   One I wouldn’t think about.
“I’m angry,” he scrambled, “because it’s everything I have in me to not want you.  You’re father knows who I am now.  I can’t stay much longer.”
	“You were gone.”
“I know,” he told me.
“Why can’t we be together?” Webb was the safe one.   
“It’s complicated.  I need to move away from you right now.  Under already knows.” He looked behind him down the hall.  
Of course he does.  I didn’t move, but had to ask, “How does he know really?”  I knew he put the animal under my bed.  I knew he purposely made my heart rate rise to maximum levels in gym to disguise it and told me to pretend to be exercising in my room at night.  But, to know what or where I am now was impossible.
“He doesn’t know where you are, but can be where you are if he wanted too.  And he knows your heart rate is racing right now.  He has a connection with you.”
“Well, as unhealthy as that sounds, as long as it’s a far away kind, I’m still safe.  But how do you know?”  I was caught up in the line of thought and lost myself in the reasoning of it.  I opened my eyes too quick, forcing me to adjust to his closeness.  When my eyes finished blinking, his face came into view. I knew he would kiss me if I didn’t stop him now.  I vowed I wouldn’t hurt him anymore.
But I told myself this would be the last one. 
I tasted the mint on his tongue from the after dinner mints that were always beside our plate. I stopped the kiss, but didn’t pull away.  When he let the kiss go, I took a deep breath.  His scent mixed with the cologne he wore.  I couldn’t concentrate on my task with the kissing because it suddenly reminded me of Hayes.  
“Will you do me a favor?”
He kind of grunted.
“Don’t wear that cologne if you don’t want detection.”
He chuckled.  “I’ll remember that.”  
I stepped away looking at the base of the statue for the sake of not looking at his eyes again.  I needed my head to clear.
“Do you really want to cut my balls off?”
I smiled at the ground.  “No, unless you think it would hurry things up a bit.  However, I don’t believe that’s my ultimate goal.”
	“Well, you do make men shudder at your instant on magic, but whether Eve was intended to destroy us is debatable also.  She was in the losing end of her very own battle until you came along.  I couldn’t give Under a reason to think you had any reason to come back to me.  He has to think we aren’t together.”
“We never were.  You can’t count sneaking around and kissing at naked people statues and dressing rooms together.  Whether I admit or not that I like your kissing, it doesn’t make a relationship.” I looked at his face.  Oh, he was smug.
“Well, it’s nice to hear I do have some affect on you.”
	I popped his chest like I’d done before.  I liked how hard it was.  His hard to my soft.  I held it there and he didn’t take it away or move to touch me at all.  Same old, same old.  “Well, I give us one chance in hell!”
“I’m working on it.”  He wasn’t going to give up. 
“Will I have to pretend with him?”  Because I wasn’t sure I would say no!
	He popped his jaw when I asked where Hayes might be.  I knew what...or who causes this now.  “Yes.  He knows what the future holds at this time.”
“And you’re not going to tell me yet why he feels my heart rate or why I am his love slave?”
He did smile, “No!”
Abrupt.  “But will you tell me something else since you didn’t really answer the other?”
Time to spring out Bridgett’s theories.  When he didn’t respond to me I continued, “Are you also a believer of the fact that my father displays tendencies and actions towards being associated with the big L man in charge of Hell or is he just the middle man like I thought?”
He didn’t flinch.  “Did you come to this conclusion on your own?”
“Yes and no, but you didn’t answer my question.”
“Do you want to know the truth?”
No. “Yes.”
“You and your friends are both right.”
“And you know this how?”
His standard silence kept me standing there, watching him.  
“Fine.  You told me enough.  I believe you.   I don’t know why, but I do.  I’m not sure what to do about it though.”
	“Ah, she admits she’s not all knowing.”  His smile crept up.
I folded my arms. “I just confirmed my father is more than just a Hell worker he told me he was, he’s the head honcho—
His finger went to my lips to discourage me from saying the name.  “This is not a joking matter.  It is real and you are not in danger other than what your future holds.  He will not hurt you, but he will destroy everything in his path to achieve his goal.  You are his daughter.  Stop and think carefully about what that means for you.”
Oh!  I hadn’t thought about me necessarily.  “You mean he has an agenda concerning me?”
“Kali, you are the agenda.”
Well, shock me.   I didn’t know what to say to that.  “I think I will return to my room now.  I’m not stupid enough to think I can do this alone.  If he has an agenda, and you know this agenda, when will I be informed?”
“Hayes is already in the process of that.”
“Your reasons for keeping me away from Hayes were for selfish reasons, right?”
“No.” 
“And you’re not going to tell me that or the agenda though you keep leaking little clues?”
“Yes.  I am here for a reason also Kali.  I will protect you.”
“Somehow, I don’t think meeting you was an accident.”  Or that Hayes and Webb are way to acquainted with each to not be involved.  It was as if they were squabbling brothers or something.
	“But falling for you wasn’t in the plan,” he confessed.
My breath hitched.  It wasn’t in my plan.



Chapter Nineteen  Check Yes or No


Once again, Webb was missing from classes when I arrived very sleepy the next morning.  I tried to focus, but my father kept calling on me and kept me cornered on answering questions.  I was forced to acknowledge Hayes several times since he petted my hair and caressed my shoulder in class.  I cringed at having attention drawn to me, not his touch.  It didn’t go unnoticed either since my father watched on at his every pat.  
 When class ended, I gathered my books and hightailed it out of the classroom but I didn’t make it. 
“You will be my girlfriend, right?”  His tone was mocking, not sincere.
Are we in third grade?  “Yes, fine.  I’m yours.  Can I go now?”
He didn’t even get offended.  When the other guys passed, they laughed that great manly booming laugh that guys made when a girl is the center of a discussion.  Hayes had his arm around my shoulders and yanked into him.  My heart jumped sky high.
When the guys were past and the girls came up beside me, I saw the fear all over their faces, but continued on without so much as a smile. 
I let him keep his arm on me through the next class.  Hayes was my sparring partner once again with the absence of Webb.  I asked him and Kace where he was, but they still told me nothing.
At lunch, there was a disturbance at the far table away from where I sat with Lace watching Ellen cry at the table next to me.  I wanted to ask her, but I hadn’t officially met her.  Was she crying over Webb?  Many, many things went through my mind while watching.
The disturbance was Hayes.   He and Jason all of the sudden went all ape on top of the table, down to the floor, and against the wall.  Each one pounded the other.  Hayes had more magical ability, but Jason was holding his own. 
I scaled the room hoping inside that Jason might be winning.  They were both a rolling bloody mess by the time I stood in front of them.  I heard Hayes tell Jason as he connected his fist to Jason’s left eye, “Leave this room and he’ll take you too.”
“I don’t care anymore,” Jason threw a punch back as he rolled over aside him on the floor.
Why aren’t they using magic?  I watched on.  A dull ache grew in my belly.
“I’m leaving Hayes,” Jason yelled ardently.
“No, Jason.  You can’t,” Hayes informed him.
Enough.  “SEPARATE.” I gave them both what they needed.
They were both thrown back as I stepped between them.  I kept my eyes on Jason for he was a lot like a dog.  If I didn’t make eye contact he’d ignore me.  I grabbed Jason’s shirt and bent down close to his ear where he lay against the bench uncomfortably, “Where is Webb?”  
His eyes said it all.  Instinct kicked in and I went with it, clueless of the outcome.   I whispered low, “Do not leave no matter what you do.  I need your help.  Meet me at midnight tonight in the gym.”  I pulled him up to standing and told him to go clean up.  “HEAL.”  Jason left.
I moved on to Hayes.  “I think you need to clean up too.”  I patted his bloody lip with my sleeve.  He watched on.
“Leave us,” I told the crowd.  I need his inconsequential trust for a short time.  Maybe this would offer answers if I went about it the right way.  When everyone was gone, I played nurse maid.  “Are you okay?”
He latched on to the attention immediately.  “I’ve been worse.”  Macho men and their fake bravery.
“Can you walk?”  He smiled instead of looking very hurt, but let me take him to the nurse station and clean him after healing him.
After more blood was in the sink than on him, I cleaned the counter to have a reason to look away.  Running his hand through his hair like a vicious madman, he appeared to be making some decision.  Racing through his eyes was the look of fear which was a looked associated with Hayes when no one was looking. I don’t know which side of him scared me more.  He pulled me back and kissed my cheek and I let him.  “Thank you for healing me.”
I shrugged in a nice way.  
“I think we could be good together if you’d give me the chance.  Your magic and my status.  We would rule together.”
Status?  That meant something to him more than being a level ten or always having a leg up on Webb.  Is this what Webb was hinting at with the sensing my heart rate?  “You know when I’m upset, or agitated, or other ways I’m worked up.  How?”
He smiled at my knowing this.  “If you figured that out on your own I’d be surprised, but I won’t ask.  It wouldn’t matter though.  However, you are mine now and you can just know that I am aware when you are...”  
He stopped himself and moved off the vinyl cushioned bench making the paper crinkle and tear.  I knew before he started what his eyes told me he was about to do.  I had a decision to make.  Hayes or turncoat?  I weighed both options as quickly as the time allotted.  
He was on my side of the room now where I held up what was left of his shirt.  The shredded pieces were falling in the trash can now.  All healed and cleaned, he leaned his powerful body up close to mine.  I couldn’t afford to not react if I needed him quiet a little longer.  The turncoat wasn’t an option if Webb was hurt.  
Hayes pressed me against the counter and drew me into him.  I followed his lead, hands and all.  I let him kiss me this time like he wanted and my insides went haywire.  “Your desire, Kate.  I feel that too.  And I know you don’t feel it elsewhere.”
He kissed my lips one more time and led me out the door all dazed.  I remembered who was outside door number one when we left last time after a kiss, but he wasn’t there.  
“I have business to attend to so I will not interfere with your plans.  If you inquire, you will find that your father is unavailable tonight.  Finish what you started.”
I cried for an hour in my room.  How could I avoid Hayes?  He made me feel things I didn't want to feel.  And he just insinuated that he might be helping me.
            Lace came in and found me doing just that.  She helped me cry it out until I was good and mad.  Now I just wanted to know where Webb was and I would start with my father’s office.  I didn’t ask Lace to help, but she volunteered.  I told her about Jason and him meeting me.  We gathered what weapons we could and the plan would be set after I wrote the letter I needed and delivered it.  I had my answer within the hour.




Chapter Twenty  Wolf in Sheep’s Clothing

Midnight arrived. I stepped into the dark gym and waited.   Jason was there, standing in the shadowed dueling match corner covered in head to toe weapons.  “Where did you get the sword?” I asked because it was shinier than the ones we’d practiced with.
“In the holder,” he pointed in the other corner of the gym.  His arms were folded a way that looked like SWAT team worthy with his dark clothing to hide him.  The sword in his hand didn’t come from the gym holder, that I knew.  It was carved at the hilt in wood and painted a glowing white that I could see even in the dark.  
“Where is Webb?”  The moment was here.  I knew he knew.
“He is where I was more than once now.  I’ll take my changes leaving before I return there.  You’re father is more and performs more than what he told you.  Are you sure you want to do this?”  His voice was serious, an octave deeper with the loss of humor.
I nodded even in the dark.  
“He is below the school in a chamber where you’re father punishes us for disobedience.   He intended to punish me for attacking Hayes because I balked earlier at what he has planned for you.  If you want to not be a slave to a life I think you would disagree with, you’d better help us figure out how to beat your father.  Though it seems it’s impossible, with you it might just work.  He’d never let me go far anyway. Heck knows we’ll all die anyway if we don’t.”
I didn’t understand the riddles.  He sounded like Webb.  “Let’s go.”  
He didn’t move.  “We can’t go alone.”
“I have help.”
“So do I.”
Just then four pairs of eyes stepped out beside us.  Kace.  Chris.  Jason.  And Ben.  
The door opened and Lace, Bridgett, and Bailey stepped in all in black and ready for action.  I smiled the first smile in two days.  What do you know, the three musketeers.
But not Hayes.
“Now, let’s go.”
We headed for the stairwell.  We were quiet, but a crowd that large wasn’t easily hidden.  Not wanting to alert the guards or any unwanted onlookers, we moved stealthily.
Everyone knew this was a rescue mission without much info or hope, but it wasn’t a choice for me.  I wouldn’t let my father torture my friends because they got in his way of some seedy deed involving me.
At a sound of the second person making a surprised barely audible alarming gasp, I turned back, as I was leading.  In the darkness, the glow of rings was not hard to miss.  The singular ruby in each of their rings marked the only visible light.
“Why are they doing that?”
They all shrugged.  Knowing my father, it was a built in alarm for intruders.  But nothing happened because of them, that I noticed.
The door to my father’s study was like an alarm going off in my head as well.  The snake that coiled around and acted as a doorknocker was missing just like Bridgett had said.  Her breathing grew louder behind me when she saw.  I felt a small comfort knowing nine level ten, nine, and one six magically inclined stood a chance against one.  But that one...
I entered first knowing Cerb would greet me.  He did.  I calmed him by showing it was just me and noted the silence in the room.
The rest filed in the room knowing it was a matter of seconds before the dog went nuts.  Jason had preparations already in motion and Cerb was laid out in front of the fire with the tranquilizer dart he’d thought to bring before my hand lifted off his neck.
We worked quickly.  I didn’t tell anyone about the secret panel under the trashcan, nor did anyone ask.  I hoped it would work since I had the non-conclusive plan in action already.
“Before you do this, you need to know what you will see,” Jason kept his eyes level with mine though he was taller by a foot.  “There is a hungry vampire—“
“Vampire?” Lace whispered fiercely.
He ignored her.  “—brought in to weaken and make us avoid fighting against him again.  If your father is down there with them Kali, you will survive and only you.  Are you prepared for that possible outcome?”
No. “Yes.  But it’s not an option.  And I don’t believe he is down there.”
	All eyes looking around the room went to me.
“I sent a note to him asking to speak with him tonight and he said he would be out of texting range for two days.  He won’t return till Monday.”
“Well, hell’s daughter has a few tricks up her sleeve.  Let’s hope she’s on our side in the end,” Jason semi-laughed despite the situation.
I clenched my teeth, “I didn’t know who I was until now and you doubt my allegiance as we enter hells door?”
“Hells door will be worse than this could ever be.  But I suspect Webb will agree with you before the night’s over if he’s been in there more than the twelve hours.”
“Then let’s get this the bloody hell over with.”
I pressed the button and stood up.  The walls shifted.  The bookcases slid apart and a stairwell going down appeared.  “Two stay here to alert us.  One stays halfway.  The rest follow on.”
Bailey and Lace remained there, Chris and Kace stayed halfway, and Jason and the rest of us headed down.  
The cold stone walls held light, but very little.  The bottom was in sight as I swallowed hard and bit my lip for what I might see. I could not have prepared for the horror that would stay with me for the rest of my life.
Webb was chained to a wall by both legs and arms seated in a chair, shirtless and his head lulled over to the side.  I wanted to go to his side but two “looked like male” vampires had their mouths attached to his wrists and ignoring us. My transfixed stare was slapped out of me by Jason’s arm on mine.  “Go left with Ben and we’ll go right.”  Tray followed Jason across the floor and veered to stay in the middle ready for anything.  
“They are starved and pulled down here, so when I say so, pull them up and stab them in the heart with a dagger.  Because they were starved to the point of death, they cannot hear us and will not fight, only try to latch on to you.”
I watched the horror movie play out in my mind and begged for the ending.  We were going to kill another living creature.  Granted, a sadistic one. 
	“Are you ready?”  
I nodded with a burning passion.  
	“Now.”
“RELEASE.” I yelled at one.  I heard Jason yell something similar, but more of a chant, and saw his demand didn’t work.  I honestly wasn't sure how the rest did magic when they did.  It was also unpredictable in my eyes with the assumed “think it and it happens” flowing through me. “RELEASE.”  Seconds later I stabbed my knife into the first piece of flesh ever.  A vicious curse left the creature’s lips that was most definitely English.  I’d never killed anyone.  Did a severely starved vampire count as a person?  I ticked it off as a milestone I didn’t want to do again.  He certainly didn’t look human. 
Feeling a distinct “this was too easy” feeling going through my brain, I looked up for other enemy attacks.  All I saw was the vamp going down beside him and the rest looking around for someone to fight.  Too easy.
I didn’t hesitate before starting on the chains as if they might break with my bare hands.  My first onset was to find a way to unclasp them and then found my nonfunctioning brain just wanted to see Webb safe.  “RELEASE.”  They fell to ground in thuds.  Pinning his heavy shoulders against the wall, I crawled under his arm and yanked upward to no avail.  Webb reached out to what I thought was to hold on to me, but ended up knocking me backwards toppling to the floor with him on top.  Jason dropped down to help but as it was his face acquired a bloody nose that Webb just plowed his fist into. Jason’s nose bleeding sluggishly, I peeked around the room hoping for no more vampires.   I opened both chains across his shoulders that pinned him against the wall and went under his arms.
I called out a HEAL intended for Jason as I pushed Webb off of me.  His lug of a body just relaxed further somehow knocked out.  Jason helped me out with one hand while the other tried to wipe the fountain of blood off his face.  Webb slumped over and fell forward landing on Jason’s arm giving him no choice but to pick him up and start dragging him. 
Just then Webb awoke.  His hands reached around my neck and started to choke as I tried to pry his hands off of me.  I didn’t know how to get him off. 
“Vision came true…it—“
 I couldn’t speak to whisper a spell and the commands the rest were throwing out were useless. I thought as hard as I could trying to make him release me feeling the tension give a little and then tighten.  Like a machine, he didn’t budge.  It was like the vampire bloodletting changed his inner being ignoring my commands or his strength was too much.   Webb was going to kill me.  I reached down with my hand and brought my dagger up to his face pressing it into his cheek drawing blood.  I felt his hands falter and brought the weapon down to his side.  I couldn’t stab him to save my own life.  Besides he said he was immortal like me.  
I heard frantic voices surrounding and trying to free me.  Just then I plunged the dagger into his arm hearing him cry out.  His bloodshot pain stricken eyes found mine and he let go.  So did I but felt like my hands were laced with poison.  Killing a vampire is nothing compared to stabbing a friend.
We were out the door and back in my dad’s office before anything could be said about what we just saw.  “We can’t stay here, Kali. He’ll know what we did.  How do you propose an escape, where do we go, and how do we get past the guards?”
All of the sudden I was the leader of the pack.  I was the decision maker while Webb stood by with his head bobbing side to side.  “How long before he is okay?” I tilted my head towards his dropping mouth.
I hadn’t contemplated that we’d be leaving the school.  I was a poor leader. 
“Not anytime soon.  Didn’t you notice I was out of commission for two days?” Jason reminded me.
I knew the guards were a tough cookie to crack, but they were a better alternative than facing my father and what he might be capable of.  What could he do to us outside of the school?  Would I get them all killed?
“I’m not sure if leaving is a good idea yet?” I said indifferent.  They told me escape was impossible.
Jason was fuming.  I had to calm him down, but the solution to ask Webb for helpwasn’t working.  Somehow leaving sent a sense of admitting we are the wrongdoers and that’s the opposite affect I need.
“We’ve no choice.  He’ll know we’ve done this.  You should have thought of that before we attempted a rescue.”
“You didn’t mention we’d have to leave indefinitely.”
“YOU...didn’t ask Kali Styx.”
“YOU...didn’t—
“STOP!  Both of you,” Kace begged.  “We need to decide before the professor figures out Webb’s not being drained anymore and his other students are stealing him from under his nose.”
“Well, put that way, we should probably do the escape option.”  I had the place too.  “We will go to Webb’s mother’s house.” I turned to Jason and the other guys.  “Do any of you know where it is?”  
“I do.” A quieted female voice came from behind me.  Bailey.  My eyes narrowed to slits as I turned to face her, “You do?”  I sounded like a jealous girlfriend even with using only two words.   And I wasn’t his girlfriend.
She knew my feelings by her obvious red cheeked full of fear look she gave me.  “He told me once.  Last year.”
I had to put aside my inner feelings and stay focused.  I could quiz Bailey later.  “Where?”
“He said it’s in upstate Texas near Dallas.  A suburb or something.”
Great!  How do we get there?  My car!  “My car is parked in the garage.  We can’t all fit very comfortably, but it will get us there.  The tank is full since I haven’t left since the first day of school.”
“YOU have a car?” Bridgett spat at me.
“Uh, yeah.  Don’t you?”
The whole group took turns looking at each other and then centered on me.  Jason spoke for them, “We were told no vehicles allowed.”
	Wow!  “Well that sucks, but since we’re blowing this joint it doesn’t seem so awful now.  Let’s go before all hell breaks loose.”
“Literally,” Lace offered swiping her sweaty strands of hair off her face.  The fireplace in the office was burning fiery reminders like it might jump out any time and bite any of us.
“I will take care of the guards unless someone can help me.  Can any of you use magic to stop them?”
Once again all bugged out eyes aimed straight at me. Ben deadpanned, “Uh, no.  We can’t.  Are you saying little Miss Styx can?”
“Yeah.  I tried it out on my first day.”
“Yep.  Saw her do it.  It’s why I smacked into her on the steps.  It shocked me so bad,” Laced nodded frantically.
I nodded to show she was correct to save time feeling the humidity hit my face and everywhere else.  I’m figuring out that I’m loaded with skills that I didn’t take time to ever appreciate.  “Let’s go.  I’ll get the guards.  My keys are in the ignition Jason.  Pull it out and wait for me at the gate to let me jump in.  We can’t predict what the guards will do or if I can handle all of them.  If you have to leave without me, don’t hesitate.”
Jason stopped in his tracks causing him to fumble while holding Webb up in his arms. I released him letting Kace take the weight.  
Jason looked hard at me, “We aren’t leaving without you.”
“You said yourself, he won’t hurt me.  What would he do?”
“Do you really want to find that out?”
“Do we have a choice?”  I argued with him.  He liked to argue with me.  Or was it the other way around?
“Fine.  How will I reach you?”
	After handing him my cell to punch in numbers, I looked back over my shoulder to scan the area down the stairs outside my father’s office.  “Let’s go now.”
They took off and I closed all the doors.  No offending parties greeted us all the way down the stairs and out the front door until we hit the guards.  I did a “STUN” spell on each of them as we ran.  “They are only down for two minutes tops.  Faster."
"I wonder how you would know that?"
"Try being forced to play basketball with humans," I assured them.
I threw out the spell in every direction I saw movement.  Again.  And again.  Our group was in the garage now and Jason started the car as everyone filed in.  I stayed behind by the door in wait.  The car backed out and purred at the ability to go, go, go!   I followed it down the drive stunning the guards in rapid succession.  When we were at the gate, I looked back at the school for measuring my distance and surveillance at the same time.  What I saw wasn’t good.  “Hurry!” I yelled. I kind of wanted to leave...now.  
Jason punched the gas moving ahead of me.  The girls were yelling my name and holding their hands out.  I had two more guards ahead and two at the gate.  I realistically could take them out from the car, but I wasn’t in there yet and would lose my concentration for the next two if I took the time to jump in. 
I looked back again at the front steps and saw him disappear into thin air.
Jason slowed to let me in, but I yelled at him. “NO!  He’s here.  You have to go.  Faster Jason.  I’ll catch up.”  I didn’t know if this was true or not, but he couldn’t let the eight of them get killed for me.  I heard Jason yelling profanities that led off with something like, “Eat exhaust hellboy.”  Great!
“SHIELD.” A new spell Bailey mentioned and I read up on in the last few weeks.  I called it out not knowing if it really worked or not—or if it would block the item needed.  I’d meant to use it on Webb during the next dueling session, but it never came.  I didn’t think it ever would at this point.
I saw my father standing in the same place he was before when I looked back for a second time.  Where had he gone, I wondered.  I hoped I could keep them safe as I watched as Jason nervously reached the end of the drive and slowed to let me again.  “NO! GO!”
He looked torn between the right and the wrong.  The fear and the worse than fear feeling of losing someone was excruciating assuming they were about to meet death.  
When the car was a far distance away that I couldn’t see it anymore, I turned to walk back not knowing what to do now.  
When I reached the steps only to see a very non angry father standing on the steps waiting, I more than freaked out a little in my head.  BUT not on the outside!
He nodded at a guard even in the dark who was back up and ready for anything who then saluted my father and walked to the garage.  I wondered what he might be doing, but figured my father would never tell me.
Father reached out his hand to my shoulder and touched the edge where my bone curved making pin needles seem like a luxury sensation.  He said nothing until now and appeared uncanny in his ability to act so calm.  Or maybe that was a bad sign!
When I reached a step that put me on equal ground with him and forced his hand to move off of me, he turned and said, “My daughter has finally started using what abilities she has.  We shall up the ante so to speak.”  He put his arm back on my shoulder and we disappeared from the steps and appeared in his office.  I fell back a step to catch my breath from the action, not the actual magic.
“How did you do that?” I asked with no particular resolution in my voice.
“You have all the power I do daughter, but have to speak your commands. I...do not.”
That makes sense, but does that mean my power equals his like he told me or was that a lie too.  And if he wasn’t aware that I didn’t have to speak all my commands, I wouldn’t be the one to tell him.
“I have it on good word that you stole my prisoner and have attempted escape.  Yet you are here with me now.  Why is this daughter?”
	This was more conversation than I’ve ever had with him and I realized right then he was not normal.  He spoke to me different than he would a lecture in class or the way he would show up in my home over the years to drop off a present.  This was even more than the conversation at the beginning of school. He held a certain interest in his tone.
“I will teach you something.  When you speak, you are not performing spells as you call it.  You are simply calling out what you want.  Others...perform magic.”
Unreal. Sadly, I knew this already. “I am not doing magic?” I said it a little too much like a teenager who was challenging the parental unit on something.  Oh wait, that’s really me!  Ha!
“Katelynn—
“Don’t call me that!”
He cut his dark sultry eyes to me and defined his words, “Okay, Kali.   I think you will see with time that you have great power at your fingertips.  I’d hoped you have yielded to Hayes by now, but I see you are making your own headway in that direction.”
“Yielded to Under?”  I chided myself for giving him more of what he wants, my ill-humored self.
His smile slid open exerting the person I now know he is.  “Hayes will be your perfect match.”
What the he—heavens?  Seems more appropriate now.
Just then Hayes walked in wearing an arsenal of weapons like he’d just left the war zone (or headed to one), not pajamas or whatever he sleeps in.  Isn’t it still the middle of the night?
His slow inspection head to toe of me while licking his lips should be considered disgusting even if I liked it.  I hated that it had the opposite affect on me.  
“Don’t look at me like you didn’t do the same to me before, Styx.  I want you as much as you want me.  We’ll have all eternity to do the horizontal in every way we feel.  And when you’re bored, you can have your Webb for sport.”  
Double disgusting! 
“No she won’t.  And I won't condone her being away from you.  He’s the one who has defied me till now.  I know who he is.”
Hayes cocked his head, “You said he wouldn’t be a problem.”
“He wasn’t till he got his meat hooks into her with his lies.  He has her convinced he will save her.”
This comes for the father of—lies.  
Something sad crossed over Hayes eyes before it disappeared and the hate was back. “Then he needs to be—
“STOP!” I yelled at Hayes.  “You will not hurt him.”
My father growled beside me.  “Then you leave me no choice.”
Now I was stuck between wondering if that meant I had the power to keep him alive or if my father was going to be worse than his character vibed out.
“What is that?” I asked.
“If I let him live, you let him go.  Your place is with me.”
Hayes may have hate in his eyes at the moment but I was positive that hate wasn’t for me anymore.  If anything, his eyes pleaded with me.  “Fine.  But I want to say goodbye.”  
It’s all a game I can win if I think it through.  Webb would tell me all of it now if I could get back to him for a time. 
 I looked away from Hayes fearing I might give him a proverbial throw up in my mind look and focused back on my father.  “So there is no story book life I get to make up anymore?  You have my life planned for me? And you brought me here for a reason.”  I was never the greatest at spinning lies like my evangelical father must be so I opted for the truth. 
“Not all true.  Just the main selection.”
Uh!  “So what.  I have to marry him or something?”
“Yes, Kali.  You two were betrothed at your birth.  He was created for you.”  
	Oh, happy birthday to me.  Bloody brilliant.  “That’s the most horrible present you have ever tossed my way father.”  Except the car, I loved Applicious.  That’s what I named her.  But she was a bribe to get me to stay at the time. 
Hayes bent down on one knee and pulled my hand out, slid a ring on it and stood back to attention towards my father before I could call out any defensive action.  I grabbed at the cold silver, yanking and pulling but it wouldn’t budge.  It’s two evil red eyes stared up at me, glowing as we spoke with the color of danger.  It was the same serpent like the guys wore, but smaller.  Snake.  Viper.  I’d heard it all.  The snake symbolisms were getting a little uncanny in the way they slide into every aspect of my life.  
“It will not be removed.  Only I can do that.”  My father manipulated the words he said to me at all times.  And to others too.  I can remove the dang thing if I want it off that bad.  I gritted out, “REMOVE.”
Nothing.
I popped my eyes up at him.  Not even anger could describe the explosive look I gave.  I was sure now the rings signaled something having to do with my father.  He didn’t assign them to us without a reason.  
“He is my first in command other than me.  He will become your king and you will let him rule the Underworld as it should be while I remain above.  As my offspring, you will take on certain...duties.”
I’ll get to the duties later.  “Offspring of who exactly?  Is it a wonder why my family rest never took root on the ceiling with the rest?”  I had yet to hear from his lips who he was.
“Now Katelynn, I’ve brandished enough activity and rumors around this school to help you sufficiently come to the right conclusion.  Do I have to appear so arrogant as to say my own name?”
And just like that, I knew something had changed when the gate opened on this new world.  I’d just zoned out to pull both their thoughts and received nothing.  My inner hearing was gone.  I couldn’t hear anyone.  Not even Hayes at the moment.
Testing another theory, I wanted to know if father, or whoever he might be to me now, had an alert system like they said. After all, he just told me he put the rumors in my head in the first place.  He was definitely powerful.
	“Lucifer.  Hades.  Leader of hell.  What else? And are you a long lost relative of or the real thing like you hinted back home?”
	His eyes darkened at the irreplaceable labels that have come to be infamously characterized, but not near enough close to the truth.  He breathed in like it gave him power to hear it.  My eyes no doubt widened at the revelation.
“Yes Kali, saying the name gives me natural high.  Humans say it so often.  With words come great power.  So by all means, spreading the rumors only added to my...energy boosts.  Like a drug.  You will come to love it.”
“My name doesn’t do it for me, father.”  Sarcasm was pouring from my dry, parched throat.
“No.  It doesn’t,” he chuckled like he was remotely human. “But you’ll find others will bend to your will when you need to get what you want, human name or not.”
My father snapped his fingers.  Cerb appeared beside him at the ready.  The dog watched me.  “He will no longer stay subdued by your presence.  Remember this.”  
Will he bend to my will? Father, I meant.   “What do you expect me to do?”  Now it’s out there.
“Ahh.  We move to the point.  Might as well.”  He moved over behind his desk now.  The doors were open from our rescue mission that I know I closed.  I watched father and Hayes on the other side of me carefully while keeping a safe distance away from their arm’s length.  There wasn’t any love coming from either direction.  
I glared overtly at Hayes.  “Why would you marry someone you don’t love?”  
Hayes said, “Don’t bite the hand that feeds you.  You might lose all you have anyway.”
That’s twice now. It meant something.  He could mean to help me but the doubt cloud surrounded my thoughts where he was concerned.
“Why do I have to marry to do this?  If you just wanted me to move here so I can up my skills and rule your kingdom, why not just me?”
“A woman has no place leading.”
I thought the worse kind of cursing sounds in my brain to say.
My father cleared his throat, “You may want to spend some time with Hayes.  Get to know him more on a personal level.  The two of you are already considered married for the most part.  Consummation will make it official, however that is optional after the first deed is done.  You need only to plant the seed, not fertilize it.”  He laughed again at his own distorted humor.  
“I will not consummate anything.  I am only eighteen years old.  What kind of father makes his daughter do this?”  
He had no love in his eyes, “You are bred for one purpose Katelynn.  Nothing changes it.  Hayes is your lover and your king.  Nothing negates it.”
	Oh, yeah!  We’ll see about that.  “I want time.  If I’m to be this queen I‘m guessing you call me, I want to live a little more.  I want my friends to be safe from harm and see more of the world before...before I go with you.”  I looked at Hayes.  “I have no other choice besides him?”
My father’s face didn’t waver, “No!”
I thought he’d say that.  Well then... “I want time.”
	“How much?” he gritted his teeth.
Maybe I did have some power.  At least the “I will comply with daddy’s wishes” power if not anything else I knew about yet.  Before I answered he continued.
“One condition.”
	Yes!  “Name it,” I squeaked.
“You spend three days this week with Hayes in my home and you can have a week outside of that until the time comes you are needed elsewhere.  More than fair.  And just for your information, I don’t do fair.”
I don’t do fair.
“Well,” he asked impatiently.
“If that’s the only terms I get, then so be it.  When will I be expected to come?”
	“I will give you two days Katelynn, then I will send Hayes for you.”
“NO!”  I didn’t want Hayes to come see where I was.  “I will come.  Can I travel like you do?”
He hesitated.  “Yes.”
Okay.  Is he going to tell me?  
“Just like you said, say the word and think about where you want to go.  You have to be specific and already have a picture in your mind.”
I thought a second.  I flipped my phone open and texted Jason.  
ND A PIC of MY CAR
A second later the phone beeped.  While I downloaded the picture, I asked father if there was anything else.  I probably didn’t need the picture, but I wanted to be on the safe side.
“That is all for now.  Daughter, don’t—
“What father.  Turn on the devil.  You’re not exactly what the story books made you to be.   A liar, yes.  A killer, yes.  If you’re as cunning as they say, I’m bound to lose.  And if I’m the devil’s daughter, I have room for your disapproval.  Get with the program, dad!” 
Instead of a standard fatherly look he should give, my father smiled.  Like the devil.  “Seems you’ll live up to what I need after all.  Give and take will not work with you and I if your goal is to only save your friends.  There are much bigger fish to fry and will give only enough time for you to adjust.  Our kind do not wait for the world to comply, understand that now.  We squeeze the compliance out of them.  If you need anything, just ask.  And no need telling me where you’re going, I will know.  Hayes will come get you regardless.  And if you aren’t with him when I join you in four days for a celebration, you’ll learn the difference in power between the two of us.”
Well, great monologue father.  “Why are you doing this?”
“Ah, about time you asked the reason for your existence and why I mated with a female human to create you in the first place.”  He didn’t miss a beat.  “I would like a rest.  I want to reap havoc among the humans and enjoy some of my own reaping.  I can’t enjoy it if I’m always needed.  If you and Hayes stand in my place for intervals of time, I can...taste the poison a little more so to speak and destroy these humans the way it should be.  When our kind take over all the control seats, the world will be ours.”
Poison.  That’s what all of this is to me.   My father was Hitler.  
“Understood.  Now may I go?”  I have plans to make.  Like...how to take out the devil and the horse he rode in on.
He nodded.  Hayes stood at attention and moved enough to force me to look at him.  Reluctantly, I did.  
“I will look forward to our first rendezvous,” Hayes eyes said way more than I wanted to hear.  Ugh!
I pictured my car and the crazed faces in the phone from a minute ago.  “TRAVEL.”
It was obviously not perfected.  I landed half in Jason’s lap and half in Webb’s unconscious one.  Jason jumped up so high his foot left the gas pedal and everyone screamed simultaneously.  I screamed for him to get control of the car as flailing arms pounded me from the back seat.  
Shrill screams rang in my ear then dissipated when they realized they weren’t being attacked or having a wreck.  At least, that’s what I assumed were the guesses being called out between various swear words and death threats to cause me bodily harm.
“No can do folks.  Death and me don’t walk together, but apparently he obeys my commands now.”  
Spinning around in the seat and resting myself in Webb’s lap was not my intention, but it is what it is.  I tried to scoot him over, but he was one giant hunk of unmoving muscle.    Kace crawled over the seat and was now beside me offering no aid.  “Will you help me?” I yelled at him close to his face.  The wind was loud and blowing my hair everywhere.  
“I think he’d like it.  I don’t want to disturb his unknown fantasy.”
“KACE!”  I was getting to know all these boys who were turning into men too fast.  And they all think on one wavelength.  Yeah, you know the one I mean. He helped me move Webb over until I was crooked and wedged between the two hulky boys.  Great!
“How did you get here?” Jason asked.
“I can go where I want.  Travel where I want as long as I’ve seen it.  It’s why I needed the picture.”  Our kind do not wait for the world to comply.  We take root and poison them with lies.  	
Jason didn’t take his eyes off the road.
“Hot damn.  You’re hot.”  Kace yelled out.
“Kace, that doesn’t make me hot, it makes me a freak among freaks.”
“That too.  But man, Webb is one lucky son of a—
“KACE!”
He shut up now.
I surveyed my surroundings a little more.  My car.  They couldn’t put the top back on because there were too many people in it.  Four people were up front and five in the back.  Cozy courters!
“Where are we?”
“Arkansas.”
	“How long till we get there?”  I looked up at the dawning sun.  Time had moved fast and I didn’t know it.
“You sound like a bad movie.  Does your next question involve how far till we get to the McDonalds?”
I ignored him.  “How long till he wakes?”  I looked at Webb and held his sunk-in cheeks.  I didn’t mean to cry.  It was all crashing in on me with the fire burning from my father’s wrath, but I didn’t foresee how incapacitated Webb would be.  The boy I saw as stronger than me.  More knowledgeable.  Quick witted. Temperamental.  And just...perfect.  He didn’t deserve all this just by trying to protect me.  
“Gazing into a man’s eyes when he can’t use it to his advantage is just plain wrong.  Slap him awake or something,” Kace called out.  
“Stop.  Leave them alone.”  This was Jason.  I looked carefully at him.  
“When did Jason leave the building and where did you hide him?” I laughed to ignore how I felt.  He huffed at me.  “Sorry.  I’m just accustomed to your innuendo talk that comes with everything you say.   Not sure I can handle the all serious Jason.”
“He’s really hurt, Kali.”
	“DON’T you think I know that?” I screamed at his face up close.  
He put his hand on my knee, “We’re all on edge.  Take a breather.”
I put my arm around Webb’s huge bicep.  “What can I do?”
Jason looked at me before returning his eyes to the glare of the sun on the road.  I could tell he couldn’t see as well without sunglasses.  I reached over to the glove box.  Five pairs of sunglasses fell out.
He raised an eyebrow at me handing them out to the hands that shot up first.  “What?  I had an ex who kept leaving them in here to get in my car, so I spelled the glove box with them locked in every time.  He was an octopus.”
Jason laughed.  I hadn’t heard that in a while.  “Webb is going to have his hands full.”
“If he can untie them.”
He laughed again.  “I’m sorry if I didn’t always think well of you.”
“All forgiven.”
Then he looked at Webb who hadn’t changed.  The only movement I could manage was to twist my earring to calm my nerves.  The angled corners were digging into my earlobes from holding my ears shut with the space traveling.
We rode in silence for hours after I filled Jason in on what went down with daddy.  I left out some.  Like the Hayes part.  When we crossed the Texas border, I worried about how we would find where to go and food and all the other things that were required to sustain life.  Luckily, gas money was provided by Kace.  He had a wallet full of cash.  We bought chips and water bottles all around at the ma and pop gas station in a town on the highway called Greenville.  We were close to the area Webb grew up in.  A few miles down the road and we would cross Lake Ray Hubbard. From there, we would need Webb to wake and tell us where to go.  That was all Bailey could remember.
I still needed to ask her how she knew so much about Webb.  Of course he had girlfriends in the past.  I had ex’s.  He would too.  But I didn’t want it to be someone I knew.  And I didn’t have claim to someone I didn’t really want anyway.  I needed him as a safety net even if it wasn’t fair to lead him on that way.  I just couldn’t be alone.
We pulled up to a spot beside the lake and sat in wait for any sign from Webb.  Everyone in the car scattered about to stretch while I stayed in the car with Webb.  I watched his face.  Shoot!  I forgot who I was.
“HEAL.” 
His color started to form in his cheeks.  His lips weren’t quite so purple.  “HEAL.” I said again thinking as hard as I could to his insides and out.  
He sat up fast and coughed.  “Whoa!  Not so fast.  I should have healed you slower.”
He opened his eyes.  His glorious eyes.  I’d never seen a more beautiful color of eyes.
Everyone came running at once.  “How?”  Everyone had a needless verbal response.  “Why didn’t you guys tell me to heal him?”
	“Why didn’t you remember yourself?” Bridgett folded her arms over and harrumphed me.  
I pulled my fingers through his hair pushing it out of his eyes.  I felt his cheeks with my palm noting it was warmer than before.  I moved my hands back down his arms to feel the blood pumping through him.  
He coughed again.  “Need...to...do this more often.  This hurt stuff is better with your hands all over me.”
I jumped off him and threw my hands in the air.  “You’re feeling better,” I smarted off to show it wasn’t meant to be conceived that way.
He smiled.  And I should have had a snarky comment back for that smile, but I couldn’t not reward it.  I threw my arms back around and hugged him in a weird cross-angled way in the car.  
“Webb, we need to get to your mom’s place.  We are in Dallas.  I don’t have time to explain why, just tell me how to get there.”  Hearing what I said and registering who stood above us, he turned to Jason and told him the directions.  We were on the road and luckily less than ten minutes from our destination.
When Jason helped Webb out of the car to knock on the door, I thought the lady who answered the door would have a heart attack right there.  But she didn’t and we were all welcomed in with open arms.  She was a beautiful lady.  She had dark wavy silk brown and bronze highlights spilling across her shoulders.  Just like Webb’s.  Her slight build made her look delicate but handling a boy through the young years was far from being a frail woman.
I tried listening in on anyone’s thoughts since this woman was probably human but nothing worked.  And again, I’d lost all sense of my extra sense of hearing.  Gone!




Chapter Twenty One The Plan...or NOT!

When I woke the next morning, I was alone in a white washed room with delicate white lacy curtains and doily’s all over the place.  Lace had slept in the bed with me, while Bridgett and Bailey were on the floor.  The room was empty at the moment.  The small stones showed up sporadically on my pillow when I returned to the dorm room, but I found it odd to find one in Webb’s mother’s house before sleep.  Lace denied it once again and assured me it was a small pebble of what was termed iron ore and has magnetic structures that offer a magical being to travel across planes to other places. Whoever was placing them there, had my best interest at heart.  I decided then that I’d throw them away.  I feared now who might want me to TRAVEL like my father did so easily.  It might be a new skill for me, but it could deem dangerous with not knowing all the consequences of landing in the wrong places at the wrong time.  Iron ore stones reasoning for later. 
I stood up in just an oversized t-shirt and the same yellow dotted boy shorts like I always wore with living in a dorm, stretched, and enjoyed the silence.  I didn’t have any other clothes except the jeans at the end of the bed.  When my mind calmed to a slow crawl from forcing the previous day’s events away, I remembered how sick Webb looked when I saw him last.  
“Will this day get any more complicated?” I threw my hands up in the air hoping to hear a heavenly answer or two.  
“Well, I found this.  Maybe it will make you smile.”  I turned abruptly seeing Webb leaning on the doorframe of the spare bedroom I was staying in at his mom’s home.  I jumped up quick knowing the item he must have in his hand to be the key I saw in my father’s study by the shape of the tip sticking up from his fingers.  
Webb had recovered and regained strength.  He’d sat there and let me just talk to him several times in the last hours before sleep.  He knew almost everything now accept the whole reason why my father wanted me so bad.  Under and daddy’s little vacation were still a secret on the edge of my brain.  I wanted to scream a female war cry that we can rule too, but I didn’t want to rule anything my father had dominion over.
“That’s only handy if another rescue comes about. You know that still doesn’t answer my question about his office I mentioned.”
"Meaning?” his eyes intensely staring at my lips, bare shoulders, legs.  Oops!  I was clothed, but my oversized sleeveless tee shirt pajamas I borrowed from his drawer of oldies but goodies seemed to keep him preoccupied.
“Um, well Cerb will still be guarding it so that makes it complicated beyond belief.  He’s not our friend anymore since daddy turned him against me.    And it’s not like we can just drop off a steak to distract Lucifer’s hound.”
“How about just that.”  He held up a pill.  He also didn’t acknowledge my saying the name aloud.
“What’s that?”  He had answers for things I didn’t think I’d told him.  I guessed Jason caught him up to speed.
“Perhaps the pup wants to nap and dream of sexy Pekinese little numbers.”
“Webb,” I slammed my fist into him. My hand registered that he was fully dressed and my eyes betrayed me by straying downward.  When my eyes made it back up to his he said, “Done gawking?”
“I’m not gawking, I am noticing, you cocky man, that you are clothed.”
“I can remedy that.”  He started unbuttoning his shirt.  When my eyes went wide and filled with shock, he took a step closer forcing me back into the middle of the bedroom.  His eyes raked my body and rested on my legs on the way back down. 
“Are you done gawking?” I returned.
“Just appreciating the merchandise.”
After my second gasp of shock settled I realized I’d been backed up all the way to the bed and my legs were leaning against it now with my hands held out in front of me to brace his impact.
“Webb, close your eyes and take six long steps back before you find yourself sprawled helplessly on the floor flailing like a mad crazy woman.”
“Oh, I don’t think that’s what you want.”
“Webb, I mean it.”
He was leaning all the way over me now with my back arched behind me and my hands holding me up off the bed now, my pajamas no doubt riding up more than I’d like.  
I just didn’t know how to stop Webb Travis.  Without magic.
He took one long, deep breath and closed his eyes leaning his face into mine.  His arms came down on either side of me braced on the bed but not one single ounce of him touched me anywhere.  I turned my head sideways to show I wouldn’t kiss him.  I sighed with as much annoyance possible. When he wasn’t moving I opened my eyes.  He was in a lip lock over me with dark deep eyes that clouded over significantly with desire before he said, “I just wanted to see if I still had you.”  He backed up, literally, six steps backward out the door and gone.  
	I collapsed on the bed my rear hitting first.  I laid my head back and took a long deep ragged breath and released it into the air above me.  That man was soooo...not an angel.

Chapter Twenty Two  Knowledge is Power, Knowledge is Demise

When I walked into the kitchen a dozen or so bodies sat around talking.  They stopped all at the same time to watch me.  Like a tennis match, they turned and watched Webb, then me, and back again.  What were they waiting for?
“Do you guys know something I don’t?”
“She needs to know more.”  Webb’s mom Rihanna said.  She was so kind, but she was giving Webb a look purely meant from the mother’s perspective.  “Our groups will move against him soon and if you don’t prepare her—“
Webb cut her off, “She’s not ready for that yet.”
Lace handed me something and half hugged me while I tried to read into what his mom meant by “their groups”.   When I didn’t make any headway I checked my hand for what she handed me.  A rock.
I looked at her in confusion.
“Bornite.  Might come in handy one day. Helps keep the enemy at bay.”
I stepped up even with Webb, but he didn’t acknowledge me.  He was looking rather oddly at the bornite. He looked stiff and uncomfortable like it meant something other than whatever protective state it might have suggested as by Lace.   I looked around at some of the faces.  They knew something I didn’t.  
“Where did you get that?” Webb asked Lace.
She blushed a little, “I’m not the only one who knows a few alphas around here.  I have my ways.”
Webb watched her, and then looked at me, “She won’t need it.”  He leaned his shoulder on the doorframe and looked up like the ceiling might be interesting.
“Whatever it means, she meant well and I love it.”  Lace beamed while Webb scowled.  Broody men were a staple item among my daily routine now.  “Look guys, we’ve established my father is Lucifer, head—“
“Shhh!” several hissed.
“Doesn’t matter.  He and I established his place in my life and he knows regardless or so I am told.  He could take me either way.  Anyway, we know who he is, I am, and that well, we need a plan to take him out.  Huge friggin’ deal.  Now what could possibly top that?”
The guys’ faces looked actually afraid for once.  Whatever it was, it was huge in their eyes.
“Since you all are at a loss for words, I do have a few ideas.  I know he himself can’t be taken out completely because another would take his place, but I thought of a few ways we could take ourselves out of the picture and away from him safely as well as maybe hold him off from destroying the human population in the process.”
Webb reached down and took my hand without looking at me.  He led me away from the staring faces to the upstairs to an open area sitting room where the boys were playing video games all last night after we told all we knew.  I’d left out how I felt about my own supposed “fail proof” plans simply because I didn’t think they were so fail proof.  I knew if we could fake my father out long enough to get other students on our side that we might have chance to escape his presence, but I didn’t know what wraths or losses we might concur to in the process.  I haven’t thought that far.
He sat me down on the end of the sofa where he joined me and took my hand in his.  He stared at me for a long time and I wondered if it was a ploy just to make out, but he looked too afraid to even talk. 
“Kali, I need to tell you who I really am.”
“Already did.  Michael’s son.  Archangel.  Immortal. Awesome protector of...”  Wait.  “Why did my father have you drained?”
“That is part of what I’m going to tell you.  Under knows who I am and aware of where I have to be.   Your father will know more before too long now that you've set the wheels in motion.  He found out that I am more than just Michael’s son.  I am his only son and heir.”
That meant what exactly?  “How did he find out?”
“My mother saw a vision that included the two of us.  Your father is aware of all angel activity, and can discover things when he wants to, so when my mother had a vision that included you, this time she couldn’t hide it because I’d touched you.  Angels hide visions only by our physical touch of the one dreamed about.  I haven't dreamed with you in the school.”
“What do you mean this time?”
“I told you about the visions.  The dreams.  I knew you would come and would try to kill me just like it happened only you pummeled my arm to death instead to save from being choked by me.  I know it wasn’t your intention to kill me and can only assume I read the visions wrong but I knew when I became somewhat coherent that it was happening just as I saw it.  I never believed it because I am immortal and knowing I will take my father’s place made me act as if invincible.  Bu not unharmed,” he paused, “there is more.”
That explains what he said to me before he passed out again at my father’s underground torture chamber but it didn’t register the whys of choking me to death.  I was still waiting for the big wave of shock, but I had an inkling now as to why he looked so familiar to me when I saw him that first day.  I think maybe I dreamed about him too.  And Hayes.  And my father.  It’s never connected before now, but it all fell in place.
“I was sent to save you.  A fate your father chose, but didn’t foresee when he mated with an angelic being, not a half human like he thought.”
I cringed on impulse.  “Your mother is not...my...mother, is she?”  Oh Gods no!
“No,” he chuckled.  “Your mother was a friend of my mother’s in the physic world as well as a well know goddess to our kind. Before she could return to the mountain, she was taken.  When your mother was gone to us, many mourned her and that is how my mother came to know about you.  I was born soon after that but unbeknownst to her, greater things were at work.  My father knew of your father’s plan and all about you and your ‘devilish’ tendencies” or what could turn out to be with being half demon.  Incidentally, he doesn’t know that part so don’t share it.  It might make him negate his sight and inderstanding you could be to our advantage.”   He touched my nose with his long rough finger.  “I was made to save you.  Bring you out of the dark side.”  He was trying to be funny, but it wasn’t working. 
“You only showed up to save me.”  I should be focused on the saving part, but I couldn’t help but notice the bottom line reason he showed up in my life was because Hades himself was my daddio!  “And I’m part good angel is what you’re saying but my father thought she was part human knowing they tend to have darkness in them?”  I didn’t know demons actually existed.  I thought they were all angels.  Of course, the devil was just a myth until I began to question who my father was.
“Your father was not happy when he found out what my mom hid, so he took it out on me.  He knows we’re tied together, but not how.  He is not aware of all our secrets just yet so there is still hope.”
I guess I’m glad he got the mix wrong since I intended to not go evil like he planned.  He knew Webb was angel, but not about me yet?  It didn't make sense that the man could be so dense about a woman who is like a goddess.  How could he have believed her to be half human?  “So my mother was or wasn’t named Eve and a descendant of the original gods and goddesses crew like Zeus and so forth?”  I knew her name, the rest I guessed.
“Descendant.  What most don’t know is she was a creation of angelic form, the original Eve.  All angels are descended from the gods at some point, but time crossed the paths of many kinds that brought about many races.  Since many gods mated with many humans, there is a point where we lose the trace of who is who but all of us are linked with the gods and the supernatural.  My mom’s psychic powers told me to escort her out of harm’s way as early an age as five and take her somewhere safe but I failed.  I’d never been to Mount Everest much less any other place of the gods to deliver her.   She didn't have a choice to have children in the first place in the sight of losing our race, much less keep me from finding you.  I was so young when I learned of you and your father is so powerful, but so is mine.  We all assumed you would be as evil as him and magic and power doesn’t come for free.  We are all descendants of the more powerful in some way created for some purpose the gods saw fit for their gain, or simply, to stop your father.”
My breathed hitched.  My stomach flip flopped.  
 “When your father found out two days ago that I was the one who was sent to stop you from going with him, he took me, drained me, and told me he would make sure my mother never saw another psychic vision in her life if I continued on.  Our kind traveled from Everest, as well as from Mount Whitney in California, but it was no use.  He had the power to hold me there in the crystal quartz.”
“Are you saying angels hide in mountains?”
“We don’t hide.  It is where we are safest.  In the highest peaks is where the highest of angels sit.  My father.  Mount Everest is the mountain of gods known to most, but many inhabit the highest peaks of most countries.  It’s the elevation.  It enhances our abilities. It’s where humans got the idea that we were in a heaven of clouds.”
Too much information.  The world is nothing like what the humans knew it to be.
“So we don’t see each other again.  Is that the solution?”  I was still thinking with my heart on my sleeve.  When would I get the balls to act like the devil’s daughter I was.  
“No, unless that is what you want.”
It was what my father made me promise, though I never officially agreed.  I didn’t know who else to turn to and Webb offered the attention I craved.
Feeling very shy all of the sudden and knowing my cheeks were making me naked before the enemy, I said in a whisper, “No, that isn’t what I want.  The last few days have been very painful for me.  Without your friendship, I’d be lost.”
I saw his breathing pick back up.  “Friendship?”
It was a question, of that I was sure.  “For now, that’s all I can offer.  I feel safe with you, but I need to stay on my own to be able to think.”
I pecked a kiss on his cheek to keep it nice and let it linger to show him I cared.  I wanted him to save me from Hayes even if my body and mind wanted the opposite.  I hid the inner demons in my mind that made me see another’s face even when I was kissing Webb.  I don’t know why I’m so hung up on Hayes if he spends all his time hating me.
“Well, I’d say she took it well!” 
I should have jumped up, but it was just Jason.  I buried my head in Webb’s chest to hide, but without notice moved me away with his hips pushing me off. 
“Man, I hope someone kisses like this one does one day.”
It was a peck on the cheek!
Webb didn’t seem embarrassed at all.  In fact, he went all ape on me with his chest puffed out like a sofa strut.  Men!
“Well, guess I’ll give you two more time.  My room’s available on the right.  When you’re done, we are all patiently waiting in the kitchen to discuss strategy.” 
Curses.  They would all know play by play if Jason were the one relaying events.  “He is such a nympho.”  
Webb was giving Jason the death glare even as he laughed and left.  When we were alone again he looked down at me and not at all nice guy like.
I told him, “Guess you bring out the bad in me.  Maybe you’re not so good for me.”
	“Never said I was,” a toothy, wolfish grin played on his lips.




Chapter Twenty Three  I am human...I am not...I am human...I am not...

When the two of us returned to the kitchen, every set of eyes had the same look.  I took the seat next to Jason who sat at the head of the table sideways to accommodate his extremely long legs.  Webb moved his chair to be closer for me to have space and at the same time moving me farther away from Jason.  I liked it, but claustrophobia could set in quick if he insisted on being this close and the jealous nature hung around.  He must of read my reaction because he whispered, “You’re gonna have to deal with me attached.  I know how your dad works and the games he plays.”  He probably knew my dad could travel too since I could.  Duh!
“Stop nibbling her ears in front of us,” Bridgett said standing beside Jason with her tea in hand.  She was going to rue the day for that one.
	“If you want to crack jokes, crack them at the fact that you have the absence of a love life,” I told the googly-eyed onlookers.  Lace  downed her weird smelling drink and made an unhappy sound.
Jason couldn’t wait, “Already YouTubed and out there, babe.  Now if any of you other girls want to give me some tongue action like the two of them had going on up there, I’d be happy to oblige. And do you mind planting your real estate over there and shutting the crap up.”
Bridgett huffed as he pointed to the chair beside him.  She blushed so bad he followed suit and hit her rear.  I should have been paying more attention to the two of them.  Bailey looked down and pretended the placemat was interesting.  That reminds me of what I wanted to ask her...but it would have to wait.
“If my father wants mindless followers he should have called on cartoon characters.  It’s as if we’re stupid enough to think we can’t defend ourselves when he’s the one who made sure we’re taught well how to take the enemy down.  It may be about political gain, but magic alone can’t win the war he wants.”
“You talk as if you know his plans personally.”
“I wish.  Just good at putting clues together.”  
We discussed the school and its exits, guards, traps, and alternate escapes.  I told of my plan on gaining the other students trust and creating reasons for needing to not be at school.  If my father wanted to claim ownership on all of us, why couldn’t he do that with us elsewhere if he thought we still held alliance?  It was a long shot and probably wouldn’t work when it came time to do something for him one of us refused to do, but it was all I had to work with.  Rihanna offered her spare car for us saying it would be easier to get things done when you’re on the inside, not out.  
We learned that Webb only spoke to his father on occasions where he would just show up.  Sounds familiar.  They all knew of his lineage now.  He and I went back and forth on the specifics.  
I turned back to the group realizing they were ignoring us, or so I thought.
“We were saying before your little love bite PDA, that we need a plan that will involve the use of your magic and to know what possibilities even exist at taking down the big man.  Or at least, how to return if that is in fact the plan.”
“There aren’t any others that I can think of at the moment and it’s not magic.  It’s a part of me.   I know now, or at least conclude, that my angel side negates the abilities my father has that I do not.”
“As I,” Webb said.  
Silence.  “Clarification would be good here.”  Jason was doing all the talking for the group.
Webb and I exchanged “you go first” glances.  I went.  “My father explained that I am not using magic.  That it’s inside of me like ears and a nose.  I just think it and it happens though he still thinks I have to say it.”
“That could be dangerous.  Be careful what you think about, especially when you have those daggers of yours handy,” Jason covered his fly with his hands and looked at Webb.  “Watch your assets, bro.”
Webb growled.  Alpha male in the house.
“Just stop, Casanova Joe.  I have to concentrate on an area or what it is.  It’s hard to explain.  I have to say it most of the time because I am constantly trying to not be inherently evil unlike my father who just has to think it.”
“More dangerous,” Jason answered for all.
Webb went next, “My father holds other abilities, but with control over his actions.  I have to say it to make it happen, but I know there’s more I haven’t tried.  I...held back my abilities since coming to the school like I know Kali has.”
My head swung around at him.  “Who has all the secrets now?” I teased.
Webb smiled just a little.  “There’s more.”  The group watched on.  “I told Kali upstairs about the other part of my vision.  You need to know too.”
Webb’s mother spoke for the first time, “Tea or lemonade anyone?”
Everyone eased up for the time it took drinks to move around the table and sips to be taken. Lace was the only one to refuse making me worry she was sick.
I saw Webb set his glass down and knew he was about to start in again but his mother cleared her throat and gave him a pointed look.  He squirmed under the motherly glare.  It was nice to see a grown man shy away from a mother’s wrath.  I’d never seen it in action before.
“It was time she knew more,” he told her.  She bit her lip, but nodded to her son and left.
Webb didn’t wait long.  “I came to the school because I knew who ran it, or at least had an idea.  I didn’t know it was the big guy himself or that his daughter was in the picture or that she was the one in my visions.  Before I came to the school I had visions that would lead me to the most powerful female angel who existed.  I didn’t know then that she would be sitting beside me one day.”
	A collective gasp went around the table. “Now Webb, don’t say what is not true.  I’m not the most,” I held up quotes in the air, “powerful.”  
“Actually, you are.  Upstairs I told Kali that I was Michael’s son, like I told you guys this morning, and was sent to save her as a specific goal set by my father.  What I didn’t tell her was that I know who and what else her mother was.”
This had me zeroed in.  “And you know how?”  I glared at Webb now. 
“I’ll help son,” Mrs. Travis walked up beside me.  “Kali, your mother was a legend among our kind.  We’d heard of her and her amazing abilities our whole lives.  It only stands to reason why your father was intrigued by her since she was the first of our kind to have more than a normal amount of abilities as a descendent of Eve.  However, he was so enamored with making a child with her that he didn’t stop to check her entire heritage.  She wasn’t half human at all like she made herself appear.  And when your father disguised himself with the power he had, she didn’t know who or what he was until it was too late.”
My eyes grew large waiting for the bomb to drop.
“Your mother was the daughter of Raphael, who is known as Eve to the humans.  The angel sent to warn man that...the big man as you call him was coming to share control of the earth.”
“I’m really not human at all,” I confirmed again hoping to hear the words said.  Webb shook his head at me and held my hand out on top of the table.  “Then I really am half what you are too?”  It was a question, but he didn’t answer it.  Confirmation wasn’t as gratifying as I thought it might be.
"And all angels and...others like me are from the gods?“
Both Webb and his mother answered at the same time confirming the truth aloud.  They went on to tell me that many of the various well known characters of our world were all descendants of gods and were somehow twisted into other factions of the fairy tale kind but that all magic led back to the gods and was the underlying factor to note.  Angel, demon, vampire, or whatever, all creatures with magic or specialized abilities descended from the gods that humans refer to as just stories.  
“What makes you think my father doesn’t know?”
“That’s the reason I risked what I did this week.  I felt like shit for several days, but I know for a fact that you’re father thinks you’re part human.” 
The way his eyes darkened I knew he would keep how he knew a secret.  For now.
Bridgett broke the silence.  “Let’s move on.  Are there any more secrets to set on the table?”  She waved her hands in our direction.  “I have none.”
“Fresh out,” Kace said.  
“Me too,” the others repeated until it came to me.  
I raised my hand like in class, “I may have one that hinders the immediate future.”  I dreaded this moment.  “I was forced to make a deal with my father.  To come here or anywhere outside the school, I had to promise him something.”  I watched Webb’s face tighten up.  He knew I was nervous now.
“And,” Bridgett urged.
“I have to spend three days in the down under.” No pun intended, initially.
Webb threw himself in the air and stomped out of the room like an ocean liner on wheels.  
“Bargain with the devil and get doused with fire.”
“Oh, fine advice, Jason.  Why don't you go screw you and all your enormity all by your lonely somewhere?”  Bridgett crossed her arms.
I stomped off after Webb ignoring how they went back and forth but paused at the door secretly wondering about her feelings for the guy.  I heard Jason say to the table, “Not my thing.  Babes only in this hardware department.”
“I’m immune to your swoon happy ways, remember.  You don’t affect me!”  Bridgett definitely didn’t sound herself.
He squinted his eyes to small slats, “Maybe that’s a challenge.  Want to find out if the rumors are true?”
	She muttered under her breath with reddened cheeks, “Maybe it is!”
I left them to their weirded out conversation.  Bridgett had her work cut out for her if Jason was she wanted as a main squeeze.
I found Webb in his bedroom pacing.  He looked feral pushing his hands to his face and then taking turns going through his hair.  
I walked all the way into the room and sat on the bed.  Rethinking, I hopped up fast and decided to sit in the desk chair across from him.  After watching him pace back and forth ten more times I finally stood up and did something I’d never done.  I caught up to him, curled up against him, and hugged him.  He stopped and held his hands out beside him, then wrapped them around me.  
“I didn’t tell you because I knew you’d be angry.”
“Good call.” 
“Webb, he’s an absolute moron.  Sexist, evil-minded ass who already told me he wants me to obey and act the little wife.  Did you know about that part?”
“I’ve seen the way y—he looks at you.  I am loyal to you in every way Kali and have shared secrets with you.”  With my father in my life, that was a comfort.  I could trust Webb.  Webb nuzzled his nose into my neck.  No one had ever done that before.  I liked the feeling of being this close.  Held.  Cherished.  “I’m not happy about it, but what could I do?  I had to get ba—“
“I won’t enjoy it.  You know that,” he sniffed haughtily at the air.  “I’m not sure I can get you out of it.” 
	“I hope not.  The enjoying part.”  He never said he didn’t know about it.  But I think he did. 
“But I won’t pretend I’m happy with it.  I told you days ago I was moving fast and will do anything to win you.  I’m not happy he has you for three days, but I promise you are safe with him.”
“You trust him?”   That surprised me.
“Trust him with your safety, yes.  With you, no. You should be mine.”  
“Confident ever?” I smiled at him.  He didn’t smile.  “I ask again, why me, Webb?”
He swallowed.  “I...the day you walked into the school and singled me out.  Do you remember that?”
The blush hit my cheeks before I could answer.  Hayes had been with him on that.  It was Hayes that made me run away.  I didn’t give Webb a second glance.
“I’ll take that as a yes.  When you walked away from me then, I wanted to take you in my arms and....” And now his cheeks filled with color.
“This is all very romantic and revealing for a guy, but I am aware you you’ve dated before and I’m probably not the first new girl who’s crossed your path, so why am I the fascination?”
He stared intently at my face popping his jaw.  “You just don’t see yourself for who you are on the inside out.  You have the ability to make others listen, follow you, acknowledge you whether they want to or not.  You make me laugh like I haven’t ever before, have a reason to smile, a reason to change evil to good, feel a challenge coming with every statement of your smart mouth, kiss that smart mouth, and above all, challenge me in so many ways that no one was ever bothered.  You make me question myself and that just...” he shuddered.
“What? Turns you on.”  I shot out of my mouth before I thought about what my mouth was saying and how it was disagreeing with my brain.
“See, that mouth just goes off.”
I couldn’t not smile.  “Come on.  They will wonder again.”
“Too late.  Might as well keep them waiting a minute more.”  He pulled me into a terrifically wonderful trance as I enjoyed the next kiss with only a little thought to Hayes and his heated kisses.  Sadly, it was just a kiss.
That night he slept in my room at the vehement displeasure of his mother.  After assuring her fifty times that I would make sure his hands would stay off the bed and far away from me, she said okay only if several others slept in there with us.  Webb rolled his eyes at his mother that earned him a swift kick in the rear with her foot.  He held my hand all night.  The hand without the ring I’d managed to hide well.  I couldn’t turn or move without him rising to check on me.  I felt like a baby in a bassinet, but loved for the first time in my life.  So...I never protested once.  He really did care.




Chapter Twenty Four  HELL on Earth

Under was right on time.  He traveled as I had to right outside the doorstep and knocked where Webb answered the door and let him in.  The entire group stood in a half circle around the living room acting like I would need protection.  
	“Ready, princess?” he smiled his usual and looked at the ring on my finger.  Maybe because he wanted to be sure I didn’t cut my finder off but more likely just to prove his claim.
“You may wait outside.  I will walk out that door when I am ready.” I snapped out the order like I’d planned, but foolishly gave myself away when I adjusted my ponytail.  His eyes on me made me do things like that.
“Thank you, but I shall stay here and escort you out as I was asked?”
He stepped inside the doorframe, but no further.  He nodded to Webb’s mother and I caught that his face changed to something I couldn’t read, but reverted back a second later.  I ignored my gut instinct to know why he looked at her like that and turned to tell my friends goodbye.
Ugh!  “Fine!”  I turned to Webb who was staring at the ring I’d hidden all of the two days I’d been there.  If Hayes wanted to stay he can get what he deserved.  I knew full well what that boy, who was full of testosterone and seemingly staking his claim for the last two days, would do to the boy who would be taking me away for the next three.
Webb circled around me blocking my view of Hayes.  I saw under his arm that Kace and Chris moved in between to further hide me from Hayes like it might make him go away.  
Webb’s arm went around my waist and Hayes growled.  Yep!  Growled.  When his hands immediately let go, I felt a strange feeling well up inside me.  Webb's hands were removed, not by his own doing.
The girls circled like buzzards in a Lois Lane meets her man moment.  
I whispered to Webb, “Please cut down on the PDA in front of everyone.  They are all watching.”  I hoped he would comply.  
“I will take every second I have from him and assure him what I want.  I will fight for you, Kali.”  And with that, he kissed me as passionately as he ever had.  I tried to return the kiss, but it just wasn’t there.  And worse, I peeked to see Hayes' reaction.  I was breathless from it nonetheless when he let me back up forgetting I was still standing.  He was holding me up, kind of.  When I looked out from his chest that I didn’t want to release, my girls had their backs to us in a tighter circle than before.  
Webb let me go.  I watched his face as I took Hayes by the hand and disappeared into thin air.




Chapter Twenty Five  The Kaleidoscope of One’s Many Colors 

Daddy wanted a vacation while I play watchdog in hell.  Oh, and I have to catch hang time for the next three days with Hayes Under.  Alone!  That about sums up my life’s planned out existence for the moment.  
I left my friends loathing my current conditions. We traveled straight to a bedroom.  I had no idea where I was and yet had a great guess.
“You will be able to travel on your own next time since you have been here now.  I will come to get you still, but if you need me before then...I will be available.”  I jerked my head to smart off but met sad eyes, not the arrogant sex-crazed ones I usually saw.  
“I will not need you,” I said slower and slower as the words came out.  
He returned the smirk and I wondered if I’d really seen sadness in his eyes.  “If you are disinclined to join me for dinner, it can be brought to you.  I will be in the library until evening.  If you wish to not be indisposed while I’m here, please be finished with the bathroom before ten.  I will leave you.”  Hayes rocked his body back arranging it so I couldn’t see all of him.
“Here?”
He was facing away and holding the doorknob to the only exit in the room.  “Yes, this is our room.  You will stay here.”  His face was distant when he looked back at me, yet searching.  My muscles stiffened at the look he gave me.
	My mouth was already firing up when his hand flew in the air.
	“I will not violate you in any way, Kate.  I do not want you that way nor will I ever.  I only ever want you to have me willingly.”  And he left. 
Well, maybe he isn’t so callus and cruel.
I sat on the bed and stared at the wall adjusting my ponytail and rubbing my lips together needing my lip balm I forgot.  No clock in the room.  I checked my watch.  1:00 p.m.  
I checked my watch again.  1:03 p.m.
I resolved to find the library.  Maybe he would be nice and let me find his weaknesses or at least lead me to Lucifer’s weaknesses.  I’m not calling that nefarious father anymore.  He doesn’t deserve it.  I will sort all this out on my own, but for now I’d have to play the game to figure out just what all my father has planned besides the obvious.  
I walked several empty hallways just to be defiant.  The ground beneath me was all dirt as I pictured.  The walls weren’t real walls.  Maybe rock.
I came to a fork in the road so to speak. When I was just about to go left, a girl came from the right and ran right into me.  
“I’m so sorry,” she said.  When she recovered her stack of fabric, linens, or whatever they were, she looked up at me.  “I didn’t expect anyone coming from this direction—Oh!  Oh!  Princess Kate.  I am so sorry.  If I’d known you’d arrived I’d have been prepared better.  They told me it would be later.  Please don’t be angry with me.”  The girl bowed before me and stayed there.  I stood there stunned for a second before saying, “I don’t want you to bow like that.  If you could be on your way I just want to know where the library is.”  I realized what I sounded like.  Maybe I belong in here!
She pointed down the right side of the fork and said, “Five doors down on the left.  Hayes is in there working now.”
I knew this. “Know this already.  He told me he’d be there.”
	“So sorry, miss.  I will be on my way.  I have your dress selection for the party tomorrow.  If you have time later today, maybe I can fit you and help you choose a color.”  She leaned into me smiling despite my intrusiveness, “I know that Hayes' favorite color is red.”
My devil may care attitude shining out, “Figures.  I’m not going to the party.”  I left her standing there her mouth agape.
Finding the library wasn’t hard with the smell of books.  I loved that smell, but not one I associated with the down under.  
When I entered the room I expected a quiet place, librarians, and tons of people.  Not it at all.
In the center of the room stood a long table like something King Arthur would have.  It had chair after chair all down the length of it.  At one end sat Hayes with piles of papers and two other boys.  No, men!  They were older by several years I guessed.
I stood planted to the spot I’d landed on upon entering.  One of the two men noticed me and coughed.  Hayes looked up at me and simply stared.  I couldn’t read his expression.  It had no change.  
After a breath of time passed he held one hand in the air and the two men left the table walking towards me.  For one fearful second I thought they were going to grab me under my arms and drag me away like they did in the movies, but they stopped like soldiers but all noisy like, saluted me, and moved around to the door.  
When my eyes moved back to where Hayes stood, he’d left the end of the table and now stood right beside me, his gaze intent.  “Is there something you need?”
I had a sudden panicked feeling to turn and run like a screaming girl.  “No, I just didn’t want to be alone.”   I let him watch me and took the time to scan the amazing selection of books that went all around the room in a circle.  This was heaven.  Oh, the irony.
“Would you like a book?” he asked me.
	I nodded unable to find my voice.  I think drool pooled in my mouth at the thought of this many books.
His smile was genuine when he offered, “Anything you like.”
I looked at his handsome face.  He was definitely good looking in a resplendent, sad way.  Any girl would fall over and stumble to be noticed by him.  A year ago, I would have sighed and broke out in hives to be asked out by so gorgeous a man.  And yet, I was engaged to him.  
I walked away towards a shelf to busy myself, rubbing my chapped lips together again dying for a little lip balm. He worked as my father’s partner for the Underworld.  How did no one know about this at school?   “So, you are like a captain or something, yes?”
“Yes,” a plausible answer was given.  I knew he moved back to the place at the table by the sound direction his voice came from.  
“And that’s like in an army, yes?”
“Yes.”
“And yet you are in a library?”  I turned to see his face.
He had watched me the whole time.  I quickly looked away and grabbed a book from the shelf pretending to look through it.  
“I meet with my two lead men most nights to regroup,” he paused, “and I like to read.”
I looked at him placated by the idea that he would read for enjoyment and have to acknowledge that he wasn’t this angry boy who taunted me all the time…at the moment.  Okay, so he wasn’t all evil all the time.
“What do you read?”  I challenged him a little, curiosity getting the best of me. Maybe he’ll talk if I soften him up.
“If I tell you will you think less of me?”
He was asking?  I didn’t answer him.  He didn’t deserve it yet.
“Frost.  Tennyson.  Shakespeare.”
Wow!  “Got to admit Under, I didn’t think you had anything in you but sexist comments and all out anguish.”
“Kate,” he put the rolled up paper he’d picked up back down on the table, “I didn’t chose this life either.  I have spent my entire childhood being told to wait for you and prepare for you and be a husband to you and be at your beck and call, remember?”
Yes!  “No!  I don’t recall that you were penciled into my life.  But it seems that others had those plans for us and I detect a certain amount of rebellion in your voice at the present moment my dear husband to be.  Perhaps you didn’t choose it either, but you don’t seem to be fighting it just the same.”  I inched closer to him meaning to demean and break his hold over being in charge.  I’m in charge of me.  But something else inside of me took flight.  Something that I’d repressed and promised I’d ignore while being here.
He backed up till he was against the table.  I saw his hands fly to the top and he held on tighter than I would have thought.  
“I will not be made to do anything I don’t want to do, Under.  Let’s get that all on the table.  NO ONE will make me do anything.”  My ireful nature flared up.  I felt my body light on fire.  
“Say it.  You’re a demon, Kate.”  
“You may not know this because it was kept from my father, but I am half demon Hayes.  I am also half angel, not human, meaning I don’t have to color in the lines.  Why am I telling you this, you ask?  Because someone led me to believe you knew this a lot longer than I.”  I inched closer to corner him in like he did me. My sudden thought to put it out there for my father to know what I was, was a plan forming as I went. “Because I know you will run back and tell him.  He doesn’t get what he created.  That I have the power to choose something other than evil.  You hate Webb.  I get this.  But he tries to help me, not hurt me.”
“He wants more than just to help you,” he glared.  
“Maybe.  But what alternative do I have at the moment.  He’s the only one offering.”  Maybe this was unwise of me to say.  “Besides, the good guy doesn’t beat up another just because he feels like it.”
He knew what I was referring too.  “I never professed to be good, but a woman should be asked before a man puts his hands on her.”
Wow!  He was defending me.  He knew what Webb did.  That disturbed me for two reasons.  One, he knew, meaning he was there…watching or he has some crazy magic I don’t.  And two, it could only mean he cares on some level if he worked Webb over to defend me.
He put his hand out between us and held it there.  When his hand moved towards my shoulder, I stiffened quite suddenly and felt my body warm without a single touch.  I closed my eyes hoping to hide my reaction.  His touch was lethal.  I craved it too much.
He called my name again, or rather Kate.  “My name is Kali to you and I am just me, nothing else.”  Hayes said what my friends didn’t.  I was half demon and half angel, but Hayes and my fa—Lucifer were working to make me hurt people.  I realized lying in bed last night while Webb held my hand from the floor in the dark that it would take both sides of me to win this fight.  Being close to Hayes might be my only way to beat my father, but I’d hate it.  He had some kind of power over me I didn’t like admitting.
“You don’t see the side I see in you.  And your father does know this...now.”
He does?  That changes things.
“Why does everyone have to tell me what they see about me?” I blurted out stupidly, my icy attitude shining boldly over and over around him.  That didn’t mean I had to be all evil, did it?  I know I have a mean streak with somewhat of a quick-tempered return to anything when I didn’t get my way, but that didn’t make me Satan’s daughter personified.
“Maybe we see what you don’t.”
Maybe.  Change the subject.  “What is the party for tomorrow night?”
“How did you—
“Girl in the hall carrying dresses told me how to get here.”
He nodded only to confirm he understood.  His eyes studied mine.  I could tell he was trying to read me.  I would keep my face emotion free for him.  I already was an easy book to read with Webb.  I wasn’t ready for Hayes to know me so easily.
“The party is for our engagement and to celebrate your coming here today.”
Boy, no subtlety.  “What if I don’t want to go?”
“I’m not sure you have a choice.  If you don’t show, I’m not sure what he would do.” My father, meaning.
“He won’t hurt me, Under.”
“No, he wouldn’t.  But he would hurt others to punish you.”
	He knew this personally.  I could see it in his eyes.  He wasn’t emotionless.  And to hurt Webb or my friends!
“Fine.  I’ll go.  But I don’t have to enjoy it.”
He seemed to take this and leave it alone.  “If you’d like to take some books back to the room, it might be a long night for both of us.  You’re father will not allow us separate rooms.”  His mouth was too near my own and I forcibly looked away from it once already. He bent down to my face.  When he saw my hand move up he caught it and said very quietly, “Your father intends to ask me in the morning if you’re still a virgin.  I will tell him what you want me to say, but I will not force you into anything.”
“Why are you telling me this, Under?”  Mark this as the strangest conversation...ever.
“I don’t know, Kate.  I don’t know.”  He ran his suave hands through his dark, silky purposefully messy hair twice.  He returned to his papers and I returned to the shelves.  I followed the flow of books around the room glancing over at him to see if he was doing the same.  He was.  I forced myself to look at titles mesmerized by the vast amount.  I picked out two favorites and one I’d always wanted to read and turned the length of the room to avoid his gaze that I knew kept looking up at me.  As I inched closer to the exit I heard him clear his throat.  I could’ve ignored it, but we’d just played polite Patty with each other and felt I would be making a setback.
“So you will join me for the celebration tomorrow?”
I’d already decided I couldn’t avoid it, “Yes.”  I circled the table to face him allowing him to feel he might be in control, but we both knew I held all the cards at the moment.  I wanted to know one thing more. “What time will you come to bed?”
I detected a hidden smile but he guarded it.  “In an hour or so.  Will you be finished readying by then?”
I’m sure he only meant bathing and dressing, but I still couldn’t help but hear the hope in his words.  “Yes.”  I bowed to him giving him a wee shock.  He returned it.  I left.




Chapter Twenty Six  The Best Man

The second he walked in I detected something I hadn’t before in the room itself.  Hayes wore the same spicy, slightly musky cologne that defined him all too perfectly truly depicting the pretty boy idea of perfection in a King Arthur kind of way.  He crossed the room and went straight to the bathroom, but didn’t lock it like I had.
I hid all the way under the covers in fully clothed tank and yoga pants.  My eyes peeked out knowing that the lamp I’d left on would hide my still awake eyes from him when he came out.  Still unsure what to expect next,  the party was the only point on the timeline I could foretell.
After the shower turned off, I heard nothing for another ten minutes.  When the door opened, I saw what I feared.  He stood there in boxers only.  My tongue shot off before my mind told it to shut up, “Are you going to put on more clothes?”
His face turned gently in my direction allowing me to see his refined cheekbones and defined chin, and finally, the burnt orange wings edged into the back of his neck.  They were not defined as angelic, nor devilish.  I wondered why he chose it.  His wet hair flipped into his face still angled at me.  I tried to keep my eyes from looking elsewhere but I saw what I searched for.  The snake was clear as day just below where his belt would hit like I’d calculated before.  It was facing out with it’s body coiled into a circular pattern that, at a distance, I couldn’t make out completely. But it wasn’t what Bridgett thought. It was two snakes intertwined dancing in a similar pattern. 
“Does my appearance bother you?”  His buzzing deep voice offered something somewhat deeper still.  
I’m not going lie, I wanted to get a closer look.  I failed my willpower drive eyeing the muscles in his chest as they moved with every stroke of his hand while attempting to dry his hair.  He dropped the towel on top of the wall bench, but not his eyes.  My words were stuck in my throat.  I had spent the last hour and a half rationalizing that Hayes was cruel and horrible.  I’d told myself he was all kinds of bad.  But something deep inside told me...he wasn’t.
He’d been nasty even in front of my father, but the sadness that he cleared out of his eyes too many times made me think he was putting on a show.
Instead of answering, I turned over and faced the other wall opposite of him.  He said nothing else.  When the bed moved and I felt him beside me, I froze with everything I had in me.  Would he sleep like that?  Mostly naked.
From my hide and seek way of avoiding his face, I asked about the wings.  “What does the tattoo mean on the back of your neck?”
“Every demon born has it.  It is not a choice.”
Feeling stupid after for asking I only added to my foolish interrogation with, “But you don’t have wings?”
His chuckle was barely there enough I wasn’t sure if it was what I heard.  “I’ve always considered it their bit of irony.  Your father’s predecessors of the past taking a dig on the angels for making them the underdogs.”
I remained still and quiet for a while not knowing what conversation to add to the already odd one started. I didn’t have it on my back.
“When I told my father I would attend the school, I didn’t foresee this future.”
His saddened tone came from the air above insisting he was lying on his back looking up, “Yet, this is the future I was birthed for and have dreamed about since I was a child.”
I jerked my face in his direction, “Dreamed?”  I’d heard this before.
His hands were under his head with elbows extended out far enough my cheek rammed it sending jets of heat all through me. A stinking elbow touch from a guy I am supposed to hate shouldn’t do that. 
He pulled it up enough from my face and looked into my eyes from less than a foot away, no doubt seeing my ever changing eyes.  My heart raced and did some kind of erratic dance inside.  I made my teeth hold onto my bottom lip to essentially hold me down fearing something was seriously wrong with me.
He looked back up to the ceiling.  “I used to dream about you.  You’re father never let me see you until you were sixteen, but somehow I knew you.  When I saw your picture the first time, it was like...like I’d found myself finally.  Someone who had a commonality.  I sneaked a picture of you as a child once when I went to your father’s rooms, but he never knew.  You were eight.  But my dreams...they were never about your appearance.  You were strong and proud of who you were and never ashamed.  Even now, you seem in no way hindered by your inheritance and spend every moment to avoid those who wish you harm despite their insistence.”  
Maybe this was meant to be an open hearted share all, but something told me he was telling the truth.  “And you dreamed...about me?”  He’d said this already, but I was trying not to stare at his sixpack.
His eyes turned back to me.  “Kate, I’m who I have to be when everyone is looking, but so are you.  I cannot change where I was born into.”
“But you can change?”  Was I hoping for that all of the sudden.  I think I was.
He studied my face.  “Is that what you want?”
I gasped out loud.  It was. That was it.  I’d glimpsed a small window of the boy I’d watched and argued with for a month now as this gentle, kind man who cared about me.  He hid his true self.  He’s just like me.  No, I didn’t want him to change essentially, just not hurt me anymore.  I’d told myself I was just here to get more answers.  
I finally let a breath out, “I’m going to sleep now.”
He turned his far from the norm gentle eyes upward, “I will sleep on top of the covers.”
I thought on that.  I would probably regret myself for what I said next. “There’s no reason for that.  We don’t have to act childish about it.  I appreciate you caring about how I feel about all this.”
I heard him sigh.  Was it anger or relief?
His hand pulled my fingers into his.  I waited to see his next move, but I didn’t deny it either.  A century passed in those few seconds, I think.
“I won’t deny what I want, Kate,” the austereness in his voice returning but with that same certain desire that licked at me when he said my name in that way.  Did he mean...
“I will fight for you.”
Oh! He did mean that.
“When will you tell me why you let Webb have time with me if it was your intention to take me all along?  Against my will.”
“It was not my choice to make you do anything and I don’t want you to be unhappy,” he said sadly.  “You hated me.  And you seemed comfortable with him.”
“But at one time you didn’t care either way.”
He didn’t answer telling me that meant yes.  He’d just said he spent years hating my arrival, but for the life of me I wanted to hear it again.  I couldn’t fathom someone hating me and never knowing me.
Hayes was as confusing as ever.  Not good by any means, but not altogether bad either.  It was heart wrenching to say the least.
We lay like that, neither of us moving.  When I woke in a few hours from restless sleep tossing and turning, I slowly leaned my head in his direction.  Aware that he still had very little on and still outside the sheets, I looked down before up.  He had powerful legs.  All muscle.  My eyes moved through the darkness seeking where our hands linked.  No one could see this Hayes and I wanted to know if it was real or a ploy.  His hand had loosened only a little to keep the blood flowing.  I saw that the fingers linked on the topside of my hand were thick, huge like the rest of him.  
And just like that, I was noticing things about him.  He was rough in all ways, but still his pretty boy look made him smooth out at the edges.  For sure the wide array of emotions were making my eyes change back and forth between colors, I worried he would read my inappropriate thoughts.  He’d never even mentioned he could and that made me a little less worried about it.  I closed them tight for a second and opened them moving to the chest I’d eyed earlier.  His breathing kept the movement of his stomach moving in rhythm to his chest.  They say women are beautiful, but isn’t he just as...if not more.  His kindness negated the wrongs he’d done.  And with that, I wanted to know him more.
I let my eyes move up again knowing I sensed his shaving cream scent in anticipation of seeing his face.  I’d held the scent in my mind as I dozed off.  When my eyes made it to his face, my body jerked instantaneously at seeing it.  His eyes were open.
His hand gripped tighter to my own as I stilled, feeling my heart stop.
He could have said something.  He should have said something.  He didn’t.
He’d watched me watch him.  Neither of us spoke.  Neither of us moved.  We just lay there, watching each other until I couldn’t fight the sleep off anymore.





Chapter Twenty Seven  Entertaining Forbidden Fruit


I dozed off several times throughout the night after waking.  I told myself it was the strange bed.  But when I woke, he was gone.  
I dressed quickly and straightened my hair.  Thanking my lucky stars I found the pocketed favorite pink lilac lip gloss, I slapped it on.  No lip balm, but I was lucky with the other tucked in my pocket.  I took off towards the library for lack of knowing where else to go.  I wouldn’t admit how eager I was to see this boy, but I couldn’t wait any longer.  I wanted to know that he was kind and caring still.
When I rounded the corner moving a little too fast, I didn’t count on running into someone.  
“Forgive me princess, I didn’t see you.”  The guard who stood with Hayes last night said this and apologized several more times before slipping on a shirt to his bare tattooless back.  Why didn’t he have the angel wings?
I couldn’t see around him with his arms so wide.  He stood there as if he didn’t know what to do.  I peeked on my tiptoes to see Hayes, but short end of the stick was never long or tall enough to see over really tall guys.  
“Corman, allow her to pass.”  The deep voice I recognized sounded somewhere behind him.  The guard stepped aside and I could see him.  My body relaxed when I made out his unconventionally determined mouth and alluring eyes.  I instantly smiled, but drew it away as fast.  He eyed me with a certain look of warning.  That was not the reaction I was looking forward to.
I waited till he spoke next for fear of what would happen if I made the first move.  He told the guards to all leave.  Every last one of them walked single file past me bowing as they went giving the opposite of what I predicted.
And I didn’t expect what he did next either.
“Are you hungry?”
I surreptitiously glanced around the empty library and then back to him.  He was smiling at me now.  Okay!  I nodded for him.
He left his place at the head of the table and came to me.  
“Figured as much.  You skipped dinner.”  His hand spread out in front of me.  “Shall we?”  
I think he was waiting for me to take his arm and I just stared at first.  As stubborn as I wanted to be, I took it anyway.  It was as if he were testing me to see what I would choose.  For now, I would follow the constant fluttering of my heart and ignore the plan to beat information out of him which seems to be what I am always doing.
He led me to a large dining area and parked us at the table near the kitchen.  The floor was rock bottom like the walls.  I wondered if the place labeled hell was anything like what it was made out to be since it looked anything but since arriving here.  Libraries and cafeterias didn’t fit the mold.  A large lady with an apron circled us and said, “Master Hayes and Lady Kate, may I serve you breakfast?”
A little shocked at the amount of times my name is thrown out without me knowing the speaker was starting to wear off, but not yet.  
“Yes, Kate will have a fruit tray, half fresh/half dried.  I will have five eggs scrambled, toast, bacon, and two sausage links.”
Hungry much?
“You paid attention to what I like?”  I asked feeling my cheeks burn.
He didn’t seem the least bit embarrassed, “I just noted your favorites.  I’d share what else I know, but your cheeks would pink even more than they are now.”
My face changed. “What do you know?”
He ignored me.
“Hayes, you better tell me!” I tried to make my voice angry.    
Okay.  Different tactic. If using my womanly ways will get what I want I’m all for it, but I had no way knowing how my reaction would boomerang back upon me.  I was not the sexy kind.
I slid my hand under the table and had to pull my chair catty-cornered to him a little closer.  I patted his knee under the table.  Curses, that knee is huge.  Bet all of him is hug—
“Kate!”  Hayes called me that name in that way.  The one no one ever had and I felt sure no one would.  It was my favorite.  I blushed immediately and enjoyed the little shivers it sent through me.  
“What were you thinking?” he grinned impishly in that wonderful bad boy way that defined the Hayes I knew. 
“Um, I’ll never ever tell you.”
“That good huh?” he asked.  
Curses, he probably knew for all the experience I had.  “Now this is the Hayes I know.” I smiled intending humor. My mind formed into a ruddy mess.  Wasn’t I clear headed just moments ago?  And yet again he was able to avoid my question.
His lips formed a straight line before he moved to drink the juice before him just after his eyes shot to the guard I’d not noticed near us on the wall.  He gave me a small nod to the guard that made me feel like I was being chastened for a sassy attitude.  Was I in trouble?  That only reminded me how dangerous this boy was.  I better get the thoughts out of my head that kept bouncing around in before there for he laughed and told me the jokes on me.
Just then, a package was sat before me.  I looked down at it and back up at him.  The earlier stern look he’d given the guard was gone.  Was the look meant for him and not me? 
I pried the package open in my mind, curiosity getting the better of me.  My hand inadvertently went to the ring on my hand that was in no way a gift but reminded me it was the first piece of jewelry given to me by a guy.  
He said sadly, “I’m sorry your father forced it on you.”
Forced what?  I didn’t ask.  I wondered before if he only put on an act for my father.  Now I know.
“I would cut off my finger if it would go away.”
His face paled but he said nothing.  I wanted to know what the ruby does.  I still needed to research it on my own.  Hayes might know, but I wanted to know before I told him what I know. 
The ribbon was candy apple green.  My favorite.  I slipped my fingers into the soft folds of the ribbon.  When I finished enjoying the soft velvet I glanced back to him. 
“Your favorite color.”
He knew that too?
“Open it,” he urged eating the eggs that were getting cold now.  I hadn’t even noticed the food in front of us.  I wasn’t hungry anymore.
I pulled and tugged to no avail.  He reached across and popped the ribbon off in one yank.  I glared at him, “Show off.”  I was more trying to ease the tension, but he still seemed as wound up as I was.
When I lifted the lid and leaned forward on the table to only peek in, he set his fork down on the plate to watch me.  I moved the tissue over carefully.  As hard hearted as I tried to be on the inside, I loved gifts.  I could tell he was eager for me to see it and that made it all the more deliciously tantalizing to open.  As soon as the tissue unfolded something sparkled in the light from the room.  No one like him had ever given me jewelry before so therefore, I wore none but the diamond stud earrings I rarely took off.  I bought them myself when I started high school.  Gifting yourself isn’t easy to do.
I also had a pair from my father, but I rarely wore them.
Therefore, when my eyes widened and my teeth held on to my bottom lip I knew my insides were dancing to the beat of whatever Hayes kept dishing out.  And right now, it’s silver and cold against the palm of my hand with more beauty than anything I own.  I held it up to admire it.  The pendant was arranged like the petals of a very tiny flower made from dark cold to the touch stones.
“It’s called the Iron Rose.”  The clarity in his voice couldn’t have been sharper in context.  I’d heard Lace mention once that hematite stones, iron ore, the stones on my pillow, form a protection around the body like a shell or hard casing.  It keeps any “bad vibes” out as she phrased it.  Was this yet another way of assuring my safety like he and Webb continued to promise?
Interrupting my thoughts wasn’t his intention, but my body jumped at hearing him speak.  I was so caught up in the idea that someone was giving me a gift that I didn’t stop to think about what I did next. 
I jumped from my seat and planted a kiss directly on his cheek.  When I pulled my hand away from his knee that I leaned on to reach him, he was solidly stiff and staring straight at me.
“Oh, sorry.  I...I...was just well, no one has ever given me anything before.”
This seemed to pull him from his shock. “No one?”  
I nodded feeling suddenly insecure and like a dang girl.  I returned to my seat and said, “Except my father, but he doesn’t count anymore.”
My first instinct was to rage about the stupidity of giving it to me because I was unworthy, but thought a second beforehand that maybe in some way Hayes is equal to me in what life has dealt the both of us.  Maybe he understands what life has been like.  
“May I?” he reached for the necklace and waited till I reacted.
I handed it to him and waited because I didn’t know what else to do.  He put his hand on my shoulder and immediately I warmed.  He knew it too.  He could feel when my emotions changed but he wouldn’t say it.
I felt his broad thick hands come around my neck, lift my hair, and seconds passed.  When his lips touched my neck a thousand needles couldn’t pry me away from that moment.  The feelings stirring inside of me frightened me.   I had the sudden urge to run away and offer up my usual sarcastic humor to hide myself from the world.  And him.
When he turned me around to face him, his warm hands were the signal I needed for reality.  “Hayes, I....”  No sarcasm came.
He put his finger to his mouth and said nothing.  He sat back down and held his hand out for me to follow.  I stared one long moment after noting he didn’t look up again and I sat down.
“Eat.  You’ll need the energy.”
“What for?”  My sarcasm came back to me strong and ready.
He didn’t look up again, “Dancing.”
Oh!  I grunted.  I couldn’t dance.  
“Why were you cruel and indecent when I met you?”
“If I’d been who you see now would your father have let you near me?”
That much I’d learned was unfortunately true.  “So you will act that way when we are not alone?”
His face saddened significantly.  “You are very perceptive.”
I gripped the table.  “And stubborn, and sarcastic, and—“
His hand covered mine, prying my fingers off gently one at a time, “And beautiful and intelligent and more emotional than you wish to admit.  I know all this.  But no.  I will not act that way completely.”
Oh!  “Why not?”
The way his eyes lit up but hid his true feelings were exciting to watch.  To figure out.  He leaned into me, putting his face so very close to mine unlike he’d ever done.  “My future wife is allowed to be cherished by the one who loves her no matter who or where we may be.”
Was that an admission of what I think it was?  My face had to show my shock.    
A voice beside us cleared rather loudly.  My head popped back and I landed sideways in my seat.  Stupid.  I was acting like I was caught doing something I shouldn’t. 
“Sorry, miss.  Didn’t mean to startle you.  I only wanted to ask if the two of you would prefer more coffee or orange juice.”
Hayes never let his eyes leave mine, “Orange juice for both.”
I felt the lady move away from us, my shoulders still arched as I waited. 
When he finished his mountain of food he leaned back in his chair to wait for me.  I couldn’t tell him the butterflies in my stomach were moving so wildly that any food might make them fly out of my mouth in the form of throw up.  I managed to eat several pieces of honeydew melon and three strawberries.  The oblong plate he kept calling a tray was mounded with all types of my favorite fruit.
I shoved a slice of the red crisp apple slices into my mouth and sadly, I didn’t hide my reaction to the sweet taste.  I didn’t expect it to taste this good.
“You like?” he asked with a watchful study.
If I answered him, it could be misconstrued as all kinds of wrong if it was in fact, a double meaning.  Once again, I failed to hide my reaction to the statement and no doubt had a whirl of emotion swirling in my eye color and elsewhere.  My belly warmed and not from the delicious fruit.  Either way, I didn’t eat another bite.
“Is that all you plan to eat?” he asked looking at me as he pulled his hands behind his head like the night before.  He stretched them out far then popped the muscles in his neck side to side.
I blushed at the thought of him from last night and recollected myself, “Um, yeah.”  I didn’t want him disappointed so I told him, “Can I take some for later?”
This earned a smile and a snap of his fingers.  The lady from earlier was standing at attention and now beside him, “Have Lady Kate’s tray taken to the room for mid afternoon restocked.”
She nodded and took the tray.
I once again waited to see what he would do next.  
“Shall we?” he motioned to leave.  
I stood and started for the door.  He seemed to insist on me leading every time and that left me vulnerable to not being able to see him or know where I was leading.  “Why do you walk behind me?”
“To enjoy the view no doubt.”
I doubled back in instant defense.  “Maybe you could lead so I could have a turn then.  Might want to watch your back though.”  My hands were fisted and tight.
He looked at my fists.  “While I am a little surprised at the audacity at which you speak to others sometimes, I’ll have to admit it has affected me from the day I officially met you.  Be careful what you wish for, for I might lose my gentlemanly manners and take you for myself before either you or I are ready.”
My face was so close to his.  My mouth was closed and holding every inch of breath in me.  When I couldn’t hold it any longer I tried to force it out slowly to keep from letting it hit him but he apparently captured it anyway because he closed his eyes and his nose pulled inward at the draw of his own breath.  I’d lost the ability to speak with not one letter of the alphabet could I think to come back with.
Whether either of us wanted to admit it or not, there was something there.  Hidden, but there nonetheless. 




Chapter Twenty Eight  Dancing with the Devil

He walked me back to the bedroom and said he’d see me at the party.  He told me he had business to attend to in the library and asked if I needed anything.  When I shook my head no, he nodded back to me and half turned to go.  He stood there three seconds before pivoting back to me letting the stretch of hair hit his face.  I watched it fall and park right above his right eye.  When I was finished ogling I surveyed his entire face for one long stretched second.  As if he could read my thoughts he did the same.  
“If you need me, you know where I am.”  He nodded once more and walked away.  I watched him until he was gone. 
When I opened the bedroom door, I let out the breath.  Never in all my years had a boy kept me so averted from the life going on around me.  Starving for air is what it felt like.  Not even Webb made me feel this way.  Hayes was dangerous.  Sexy dangerous.  Strong.  Powerful.  Even sweet when no one was around.  
But he was friend to Lucifer, my you know!  What would that mean for me?  I guess it’s a good time to find that out.
Was I crazy?  I was actually contemplating helping the devil.  Watching over his world while he gallivanted around the human world.  With Hayes.  Yes!




Chapter Twenty Nine  Library Blues

No!
On the bed lay a small stone the size of all the others, cold and dark with a tint of orangy-red in it this time.   He’d put all the stones in my room, on my pillow.  Lace said it aided in protection and helping a magical person travel between planes.  Was Hayes trying to help me even back when he was trying to hate me?  The answer was yes, but what to do with the information was unknown.  It was sweet, but alarming.  It was as if he worried from my first arrival at the doubtfulness of my abilities or fear of what I could do.  It also meant he was in my room.
I lay on the bed reading the end of Paradise Lost hoping for insight that would deter me from going to this party tonight.  I had to be all smiley happy while the partygoers celebrated my engagement that wasn’t real.  Or was it?   
With that, I had a great idea and I wanted to know if Hayes would let me.  It would convince the father long enough to figure how to get out of this mess.  If I had to play a part, it might as well make me look wanted.  Others thinking I was forced won’t make them back my plans.  At least, I told myself this was why it was a good idea.
I walked rather fast through the hall, my mind preoccupied.  I busted into the room at full speed like yesterday but without the guard plastered on me.  The room halted to a complete stop with one singular focus. Me!
This was getting creepy.  
Yesterday he made everyone leave, but that was only a few people.  Today, there were at least two dozen people standing across the entire library including the girl from the hallway.  
I swallowed wishing I could shrink back out of the room, but it was too late. I had to ask myself why I came here.
“Can I talk to you?”  His eyes were guarded making me doubt their sincerity.  “In private?”
He nodded at the guy named Corman and came to stand beside me.  “How long do you need?” He eyed his men.
That.made.me.angry.  “Never mind,” I said through gritted teeth.  I turned to leave mad as hell. 
His hand gripped my arm so fast, but I was faster.  “RELEASE.”
As the room gasped in unison, I turned to face him intending to give them another dose of me.  I even had a good one to dazzle the crowd with.   But when I turned to face him now standing so that his back was to the crowd, his stare spoke something other than I don’t care about you.  His eyes begged me to do something.  What?
I circled landing myself equal to him creating a round robin style room where we were on the stage for all to see.  If he wanted a fight, I had an audience.  Everyone was waiting, watching.
“I’m going now.” I said for all to see.  He stood there, watching me.  His eyes said a lot more than he was willing to say, but heck if I could read them.
When he didn’t say anything back I turned to leave waiting for him to grab my arm again.  I bowed to him giving them a little gossip, and left.  I didn’t even see him nod at his guards and follow me.  I didn’t even know his quiet footsteps stood right behind me when I cornered the doorway and aimed to fall against the wall out of their view and landed against him.  
“Ah!”
His hands folded around me, holding me from behind.  The instant they were there, they were gone with another. "RELEASE".   I looked up sideways at him showing all manner of emotions.  
“I’m sorry, Kate.  I don’t know how to act around you.  I didn’t mean to offend you.”
This...was not Hayes Under.
“I’ve only just returned to them.  And I don’t know how to react...to you.”
Well, I knew the first part and as for the second, why did he have to pay attention to how he reacted to me?  People just react!  They don’t stop and think about how to react to someone unless they are paying that much attention to what they say.  Oh!  Ah!
“Well, if you want to talk to me, come find me.  I’m leaving.”  I didn’t want to ask him what I was going to ask him.  
His hand went to my arm again making me able to predict it would happen again.  I stood there with my back to him.   “What did you want to tell me?”  His voice softer now.  
“I don’t want to tell you now.”  I whispered through gritted teeth of pure desperation to hide myself, “RELEASE.”
His hand moved off me.  I secretly smiled and turned.  
“Please.” 
No man had ever said that word to me like that.  And this was Mr. Casanova, pig swine, head of the Underworld’s guard, hard ass Hayes Under.  
I broke my own rule of stubbornness ways of always guarding my feelings at that very second.  I looked at the floor to hide my shifting eyes as I said, “I wanted to ask you if it was okay if you would at least pretend to ask me to marry you.”  This was my attempt at feeling in control of me still, but now I felt stupid.  It didn’t sound the same out loud as it did in my head.
And not for the first time, he smiled.  Not the smile he gave to a crowd.  The one that seemed reserved for me.   “That is why you came to find me?”  I saw his shoulders relax.
“Sorry I bothered you.  Forget it.”   This was too awkward.  And worse, I could tell my eyes were dancing with the light filled with insecurities I didn’t want known, not an ounce of darkness in them.  I didn’t want anyone thinking I lost the upper hand, that’s all.
He squared both my shoulders with his hands.  I peeked at his fingers on either side of me holding back the urge to have them removed my style.  The magical style.
“I....” I couldn't think of anything to say.
I kept my eyes on the ground because I sure wouldn’t look at him.  So my reasoning was selfish.  He didn’t have to know I wanted to be able to release the entire school of their bonds while Lucifer was away at play and Hayes would be occupied having my father think I was completely complying with their demands.  He didn’t have to know.  I repeated this mantra in my mind several more times.
"Is there a motive behind it?"
He was too intelligent for so gorgeous a man.
“Go back to your meeting and forget it.  I wished I’d kept my mouth shut.  Hardly worth yours or my time.  Go to hell.”  I shrugged off his hands bypassing the nicer way I could have done it.  
“Already there.”  
	I ignored him and left.  This was useless and I felt like a fool.  I’d never pull any of this off.  He didn’t follow me this time.
The girl in the hallway came to help me to get ready for the night.  Hayes came to dress while I had my hair done.  Hannah, the girl’s name, insisted that it be up with little curls to frame my face.  She even added little ruby red clips in twos across the sides and back.  I wanted secretly to find a way to zap myself out of here after my little display and run tail feather in the opposite direction, but somehow I wanted to be see what happened next despite it.  I wanted to see Hayes again and also prove myself better than my father.  
I confirmed that we were indeed in the place called Hell, but it wasn’t as others thought.  It was an underground cave that has been here since any one creature in the place can remember.  Carved out caves of stone and rock, I learned that the cause of the glitter in the walls were lined with rubies.  Cool, but odd.  She said there were other strange rock formations in the walls, but she didn’t know the reasons or could even name them all.  Born of human mothers to a demon father, all the girls in the group were powerless and for the most part, human.  Somehow, the three of them all landed without inheriting any magic.  
It stands to reason that supernatural born children aren’t always guaranteed the genes of their parents.  That goes for Lucifer too.
After an hour long modeling show of one, Hannah had me standing in front of the ceiling to floor mirror looking like a foreigner.  The girl in the mirror looked like a woman.  She was beautiful.  The floor length blood red dress hugged every single curve and then some.  The off the shoulder on one side made her look so feminine and curvy.  The bright green eyes lit up with the mascara and eyeliner she’d never worn.  And the shoes.  They were three inches too tall.  
The girl in the mirror laughed to herself wishing for a camera to remember this moment.  That girl, woman...was me.
“Will someone be there with a camera tonight?”
Hannah smiled large and said, “Yes, my lady.  Hayes would want to remember this too I assure you.”
	A thought occurred to me, “You talk as if he likes me.”
	She looked puzzled, “I think you misread Master Hayes.  He might have once despised you for who you were, but ever since you’ve returned to your father, he changed his entire outlook and his schedule too.”
“Schedule?  What do you mean?” Not to mention “outlook”?  
“I’ve said too much,” she shut down.
“Oh, no.  You will tell me.”  I would make her if I had too.  She saw this in my forced lack of movement because she didn’t hesitate to change her mind.
“Lady Kate, he stopped coming back when you arrived.  Yesterday was his first day back.”
	“Where was he?”   Wasn’t he sleeping in the dorms?
“Watching you.”
Watching me?  “What for?”
She looked at me incredulously, “To keep you safe.  Why else?”
I still didn’t get it. “Why would he want to keep me safe?”
She rolled her eyes, “Lady Kate—
“Will you call me Kali?”
Aghast with horror like I’d asked her to cut off a limb, she stuttered out, “I can’t.”
“Then at least call me Kate when no one else is here.  I won’t tell.  It’s not like I have a friend down here.”
	She smiled nervously, “If you insist.”
“Yes.”  Okay!  “Now, why would he want to keep me safe?”
“Well, he decided he didn’t hate you.  He came back that first night.  I overheard the guards talking.  They never notice me in the library anyway.  He told Corman that he’d not leave your side.  When Corman protested him, he told him to stay out of his business and that you,” she pointed at me, “were his mission given by Big D.  Corman still protested but couldn’t go against Master Hayes.”
	Corman, the tattooless one.  “How does that mean anything about why he wants me safe?”
“Can I speak freely ma’am,” she looked around as if someone might be listening.  
“Of course.  Please.”  I smiled as friendly as possible.
She whispered, “Any girl knows why a man growls like that at another man over a girl.  You had him hooked that first day somehow.  What did you do?”
She leaned in surely wanting something juicy and well, here is what she got!  “I knocked his friends on their butts and called him a pig swine.”
Her mouth dropped.  Yeah me!
“What did he do to you?”  Her words were sharp and clear.
“Nothing.”
“Well, then that explains the draw.”
“What do you mean?”
She clicked her tongue, “He was trumped.  What man is not turned on by a woman who trumps him?  You put him in his place in front of his friends right?”
I nodded.
“He saw the hate he held for you all those years disappear in that single moment because you challenged him.  He wants more of it.”
More fighting?  “He wants me to fight with him?”
“Okay, I’m older than you.  This is what boys do when they want the girl bad enough.  The good ones are worth fighting for and be with.”
This is classic.  Great!  I have to fight my way to get a man.  Show I’m not weak.  
Hannah looked at the clock on the wall.  “We have to go La—Kate.  Hayes will not like to be kept waiting.”
“Impatient man.  Likes to fight with me.  Arrogant.  What’s not to like?”
“Exactly what every girl here has asked for a very long time, Miss.  You will be the envy of the room tonight.  And those aren’t all his qualities.  He may have to keep up appearances for our world we live in down here, but he is also—
“I know.  I know.  Sweet and gorgeous and sexy and strong and cunning and caring and....” I stopped seeing her blush grow with mine.
“Yes, if you say so.  I was going to say ‘in charge’ but if that’s how you feel...” she smiled quite large and goofy like at me.  
“Never mind.  Can I ask you something?”
“Sure, miss.”  She checked the clock again.
“Do all the demons have a tattooed set of wings on their back?”
Puzzled she asked, “Why do you ask?”
Blushing I continued, “Hayes said all demons have one like his, but Corman didn’t.”
	“Ahh.  No, not all of them.  Only those in the power seat.  It’s his father’s mark.”
“One more question and then I promise to stop.  Did Hayes go out with girls before?”
She giggled.  “Yes, miss.  Lots of them.”
Great.  He really was Mr. Casanova.  I was probably being swindled into a handsy sideshow tonight.
“Oh, but miss, he was always just a happy guy entertaining the ladies.  He never once looked at any of them the way he looked at you this morning.”
“He didn’t look at me in any way but angry because I interrupted his meeting,” I scowled.
“Oh, but you are wrong.  He wasn’t angry at all.  No one has ever interrupted Master Hayes or told him off like that.  He was in love shock.”
“Love shock.  What the hell is that?”
“The way that boy looked at you.  As if absorbing your power into his own.  He was mesmerized.”
	“And you are sure of this why?”
“No one has interrupted Master Hayes and remained in the Underworld.  And no one but the guards of the past have tried.”
My small gulp of air didn’t fill the hurt my lungs panged with.  He’d broken his own rule.  For me.
“Hannah, please don’t tell him I said those things about him.”
“Wouldn’t dream of it, miss.”  She bowed and opened the door to lead me to the ballroom I’d heard so much about from the crowd of dizzied girls in the library earlier where my hair was done.  All they wanted to talk about was Hayes.  Now I knew why.





Chapter Thirty   Dance with the Devil’s Daughter

The heels were not very me, so I honestly expected to fall flat on my face.  I turned several corners veering right at the fork and following Hannah into an open area.  The Underworld, as I titled it now due to Hannah confirming it so, was full of frolicking fun and very little work, though it seemed Hayes worked nonstop.  According to her, the mythology assigned to it is for the most part, right.  But it’s not the same as it once was.  Hades, my father, took to making judgments on the gods, his own kind.  None of his predecessors took it upon themselves to attack other gods, except my mother.  It has the gods in an uproar and unhappy with him.  Surprise, he is Hades.  Michael, the archangel intends to set things right.  I wondered how or who that involved and wanted to ask, but somehow, I just knew the answers already.
Escorted around the corner into the biggest room I’d ever seen.  I marveled at the view.  As if in a large cave, I grand entranced into the closed in spaced of the Underworld in full on party mode with the one exception that every eye in the room was on me.
Candles were everywhere.  Every wall.  Every table.  Little white flowers hung in elaborately designed metal pots.  The flowers were pleasantly white like snow and oddly picked for such a place, but pretty.  
The first man, demon, I saw, who looked the part I might add, was a gargantuan in a monkey suit.  I noted his attire and roamed the room with my eyes to be sure all others were as suited as I was.  To my astonishment, everyone in the room wore black.  Yes, I would stand out like a sore thumb.  
Just when I’d taken another step, a hand took mine to stop me.  I shifted the tail of my skirt sideways to see who the predator-like attacker might be expecting Hayes.  Not a chance.  A too tall, totally gorgeous guy who’d I’d seen in the mix of guards look down at me and said in a dark, deeply bass sounding voice like the majority of the men around me. “Your escort awaits you at the table.” This was Corman.
I wanted to be defiant.  “No can do.”
He glanced in another direction, most assuredly at Hayes both trying to intimidate me with their body language.  I stood my ground when he said beseechingly, “You will go with me.”
“Newsflash Corman, do you know how sexist it is to make me do that?”  No, he did not!  “Men!”
“Do you simply want to walk in front of me, is that it?” he asked as if he might have solved the puzzle called me!
“No, moron.  I should go first just get the chance to refuse to go first because it is my right.”  I scoffed at the cliché.
“As you wish.”
“No, my wishes are never granted.  If they were, I wouldn’t be here.”
“Either way, you’re calling the shots.” He seemed thrown off by my continued drive to forcibly annoy him and mention only my own wishes but he stayed even with the comebacks.  Suddenly, I wondered if he might not feel the same.  How many real wishes had he been granted in his lifetime?  Or not.
Maybe a fool, but I took his outstretched arm in haste and followed him down the velvet black covered walkway to an empty space at the end.  The walkway wasn’t anything special in my eyes with the exception that we were in the Underworld and they’d gone to great lengths to appear far from it.  The scent of different spices that reminded me of Hayes was luscious and rich like the room.  I knew he was here whether I saw him or not.
Rock walls weren't elegant, but the candles flickered just right to make it so.  Champagne glasses on carts wheeled by me on the right.  I couldn’t believe I was in the Underworld.
I turned both ways seeing that I had been left alone.  Fine escort mister tall, dark, and guardsman turned out to be.  I eyed the table where two chairs sat centered in the middle with at least ten feet sticking out its length on both sides like king and queen arena pedestals.  
I watched as several of the comers and goers moved to dance or mingle and ignore me.  Oh, they all looked at me.  Who wouldn’t in this get up?
Red!
“You are the most beautiful creature I’ve ever seen,” a velvety smooth voice lured me to angle his way.  I twirled gracefully around wanting to catch him off guard like he’d just done me, but one look at him in the full tux and I was stunned silent. 
I took a second to appreciate the chosen armor, my stomach fluttering.  Twice.  He was mouth watering.  His hair was perfect and loose at the same time.  His eyes sparkled as they watched me do this to him. His smile was smug, quite happy with my taken aback-ness about his appearance.  More like WOW, but I wouldn’t tell him.  
“May I ask the lady to dance?”  This was not the same guy. 
I nodded with my standard controlled lack of expression.  Or at least I tried not to have one.  It fails around him.
As planned, I started right off the bat asking him my questions.  If he would be truthful with me where he couldn’t give me dirty looks in front of others, I’d think about giving him the time of day.
“Why didn’t you tell me before at school that you were who you were?  Because it would be too difficult a task for me to follow?”  I wanted to search his eyes for the truth.  I stared at them extra hard.  
“Will you not let yourself find happiness in anything?” he asked me seemingly sincere and wise in that one statement that was really a question.  He didn’t answer mine and I didn’t want to answer his but at that moment, I had to make a choice.
  “Sometimes.  Mostly, never.  But there is a certain part of me that has missed out on what happiness is.  Whether that is because of who my father is and how he chose to raise me, I don’t want to know.  But that part of me that remains shriveled and broken inside because no one loved me for me will always find a way to save herself.”
He seemed to hear me.  He thought for a long time before saying, “We are not much different, you know.”
I was curious so I asked, “How is that?”  I tried not to look too wanting.
“I myself was left to the wolves as you say.  I spent my entire life pleasing your father, having no parental support at all, and waiting for someone who turns out not to love me back.”
I tossed several thoughts back and forth about those statements.  First, we did have much more in common than I thought.  Second, we both spent a life trying to please the same man.  And three, did he just try to make me hear that he loves me for the second time in a day?  I kept my face expressionless like I promised.   I chanced a small admission to see what the outcome would be.
“And you treated me so disrespectfully for the last few weeks because you have some kind of infatuation, obligation, pity feelings, or whatever you’d like to call it for me.  Sympathy doesn’t win you over here, so try another card.”  There, I said what my heart wanted to know.  And at the second it was pumping in overdrive waiting for the answer.
He stopped moving.  His face turned a deep shade of purple and certainly not from anything other than pure anger and embarrassment.  I’d gone too far.  Geez!  Could I do anything right?
When his hands pulled away, I took that one step that I didn’t want to do out of fear of rejection in case he didn’t give me the answers I wanted.  However, some underlying feeling told me it was what I had to do.  “No!” I grabbed his hands.  “No!”  I pulled him back to me.
I yanked him hard flush against my body very unladylike and fiercely whispered into the corner of his ear, “You don’t have the right to tell me you feel that way about me in the middle of a ballroom floor and expect me not to get a little angry at the way you’ve treated me.  I thought for a brief second earlier today that I might...that we...” It was my turn to pull away angry and embarrassed, “Oh never mind.  This was a stupid idea.”  The words stuck in my throat.  I just wanted to run away.  
His turn.  “No! Don’t leave me.”
Did I hear him right?  Did self-righteous Hayes just say he needed me?  Well, kind of.
Flush against the length of him, the heat between us strengthened.  If for one second I thought I had the hots for Webb, it was pure attraction.  This!  This was something else.    
“I don’t think we should be doing this,” I murmured.  I couldn’t fight the impulse any longer.  Hayes gasped when I inched my fingers inside the rim of his neckline.
“This is exactly what we should be doing.”  And...he kissed me.
Now this kiss...it was not just mouth to mouth resuscitation.    When his lips touched softly to mine, my world rocked sideways to the left and stood still.  I felt every bit of what he wanted, needed.  I tasted his heat, passion.  And I gave as much.  Every taste.  When my lips parted on their own, my heart jumped three beats anticipating what would come next.  Warm and smooth, his tongue was velvet on mine.
He hadn’t kissed me like this.
The tenderness that changed in his kiss in the nurse’s station was in a sense, begging.  This was meant for his benefit too.  He enjoyed this kiss.
There was an audience, but I didn’t remember it till Hayes broke first and the whispers surfaced.  The kiss lasted, oh a minute.  A very long desire filled passionate minute.  And the worst of it, I wanted more.
I realized then I was panting.  He saw this and smiled smug and satisfied except I could see fear in those eyes too.  He was waiting for my reaction.
Now the Kali of yesterday would have shoved the guy back and ran off screaming.  Escaping.  Running like always.  But the Kali who’d just acquired a look into someone who knew how I felt, why I felt it,  and wanted to know how he could help me more was giving in to an ounce of hope.  Maybe he could change.
I’d felt something for the first time in a long time with Webb.  Oh poor Webb.  I do like him.  But with Hayes, there was something more.  
So what did I do?  
“I can’t do this,” I told him wanting like anything for him to pull me close.  
“I can take care of you.” He set his mouth in a thin line.
Those were the words to seal the deal.  I didn’t need taking care of.  So, I pushed him away.  Run away!  I thought.
“I can take care of myself.  I need no man!”  I looked up intending to be forceful, but my lower lip trembled.
I walked off the dance floor to get a much needed drink.  And a cold shower. Run away!
I watched him out of the corner of my eye.   The dark stormy green glowed from where he stood dueling good and evil.   His arms were crossed over his broad chest helping to make the choice.   I’d seen the way he watches me, I just never admitted it.  The way his eyes followed me now assured me of what it meant.  Hungry.  Not in the evil way I’d seen him before, but caring.  Loving.  Leaning on the good side for the time.  It weighed so much like my own inner wars.  Being half angel and half demon will do that to you.  But he…he was a demon.
Us together is like a bad romance waiting to happen.  Like as in wanting everything that person has to offer for which is going to be an obvious disaster because of the out of control fire between the two.  Like as in not good for each other in all ways but one.  As in STAY AWAY, DANGER AHEAD!
I stayed at the table sulking.  I wanted it.  I didn’t.  I did.  I shouldn’t.  
“Quit skulking about.”  I jumped two feet in the chair at hearing his voice.  Deeper than before.  
He gave me a more sullen look now to match my own.  His eyes burning holes he said down to me, “I protect what is mine.  I meant only that.”  As mad as it made me for his uncivilized sarcasm, he knew me better than I thought.  Soft words wouldn’t draw me out of this.  Action was needed.  Aggressiveness.  That was me.  What drove me.  Not passiveness. 
He sat beside me giving the proper smiles to those around the room.  Girls.  
Another thought resurfaced.  “Why did you let me go with Webb if you are so adamant on me being yours?”
Both of his lips hardened into a tight line.  Intense and suddenly alone in a crowded room he said, “I want you to want me for me.  And to be sure it’s me you want.  At the time, I pushed you away to hide you from your father.  I can’t do it anymore even if you have to stay here and hate me.  I couldn’t change his mind, but I could at least let you be happy with someone you liked even if it was the wrong guy to do that with.”  
Was he admitting something I didn’t want to admit to myself?  My heart was beating profusely more than before, if that was possible.  My hands were shaking.  He was making himself more vulnerable to me than he should.  At what cost?
Just like that, he hid the yearning look in his eyes, swung me around twice to a standing position, gathered me back into his arms, and headed to the dance floor again without my permission. And closer than before, but not in a bad way.  It was very tender.  
“Why are you the only one with the wings on your back?”
His brow rose.  “And pray tell how you might know this?”
“I have inside Intel.  Well?”
“That’s a loaded history you will do well to wait on.”  He pushed his cheek to mine trying to stop my need to push the envelope.  
“What was the fight about that day at the tables with Jason?”  I asked for conversation, but really kind of wanted to know.  As before, I still wanted answers.
“If you knew, you’d forget you’re here with me and put your mind elsewhere.”
“I want to know,” I urged lowering my eyes like the girl I was to get what I wanted.
“For tonight Kate, can you just be you and me be me?  If I tell you in the morning, will you let us have tonight?” he held me and swayed to a moderate rhythm.  
I thought on this.  I could sweeten the deal.  “If you promise to also tell me why you are suddenly being nice to me and what you’re long term intentions include.”
He pondered this obviously, “Yes!  But you already know the answer to that.”





Chapter Thirty One  Exposed and Raw

The crowd stopped at my father’s voice.  He used the same word aloud as he did at the school reminding me that he did use the verbal “spells” on occasion.
Hayes stiffened and I knew then he would step back into mean guy mode.  For the first time, I wasn’t offended.
What did offend me was the abrupt yank of my necklace.  The pretty pendant Hayes had given me was wrapped in his hand and hidden from my view.  I didn’t know why and Hayes’ eyes pleaded with me to stay silent.
“I would like to announce the engagement of my daughter to our first in command, Hayes Under.  Congratulations to you both and may you both be fruitful in your endeavors.”
I stifled a huffing sound.  Hayes tightened his fingers on mine, the pendant pressing into my hand.  
Not to me, but to Hayes my father turned and asked scurrilously, “Would you like to address the people?”
Hayes nodded beside me, turned and dropped to his knee, “Kate Styx, will you make me your bridegroom?”
Ick!  That sounded just weird, but I guess it would have to do.  I tossed a look up at my father whom I felt was actually showing the first worry I’d ever seen in his face.  I didn’t want to do this, but I couldn’t see a way out.  I lifted my lips in a smile and said to only Hayes, “Yes.”
Hayes slid a finger over the necklace across the back of my neck and turned us both towards my father for a bow.  When my face lifted again, my father was gone.
So much for congrats and all.
Hayes pulled me into another dance.  I whispered asking where my father went, but he never said.  The pendant magically appeared back on my neck.  He’d hidden it from my father, but never said why.  I forgot to ever ask more involved with what Hayes had just proposed. 
He asked me just as I requested.  It meant something for him to do the act in front of my father.  For me and for Hayes.
The night was long.  We were presented to the room as betrothed and happy about it.  We were congratulated and awed.  We were given the eye of naughtiness and the eye of jealousy.  But mostly, we were given admiration for who we were and who we were supposed to become.   Watching the way they talked to Hayes, revered him, followed him I couldn't help but do the same.  He’d led a life of the constantly watched.  I knew the exact opposite.  Constantly ignored.  And both for all the same reasons.  We really are the same.
He bowed after each dance.  I followed his lead again and again feeling thrown into a sudden kingdom reigning dream (nightmare).  We said good night (he did) and enjoyed a few cat calls down the corridor.  
Did he let them do that for show or was he really a Casanova who would end up breaking my heart anyway?  I needed to guard it better.  Sometimes I felt like a picture with a broken frame—unfixable and naïve to danger because I’d trusted the wrong people. 
In the bedroom now we were alone.  Still fully dressed in a floor length, glued to me gown, I chose to sit on the chair in the corner of the room farthest from the bed having to practically fall back into it to keep from ripping the silk. I used my toes to tug the horrid shoes to the floor.  He walked to the wet bar on the adjacent corner and poured us both a glass of dark wine.  He looked so much older when we were alone in his room.  Did he have to be when he was here?  In the Underworld.  
His coat was on the bed, his shirt undone.  I tried not to get caught looking, but I didn’t do a hot job at it.  He’s just a man.  A really nice looking one.  Besides, how often am I going to be able to gawk at someone who is determined to ruin me?  I wanted the chance to make him uncomfortable too, but he only seemed fueled by it.
I decided to ask something to move my mind off the burning real thoughts, but he beat me to it.
“I wanted to hate you every year you aged closer to eighteen knowing your father would send you my way.  I did hate you.”  He handed my drink to me.  
“Why?” I was astonished he led off with this. The liquid was cold, but warm sliding down my throat.  I didn’t know what it was, but it calmed every fiery nerve in my body.  
“Because you represented my life of no choice.”
	I could relate.  “I understand that completely.  I seem to have no choice in anything no matter how I try to change it.”  
	“On the contrary.  I see you make a conscious effort and succeeding daily on changing everything you don’t want or like.  You thwarted me off completely.”
I didn’t stop the blush, “I did hate you a little at first.  You acted like you just wanted in my pants.”
“That wasn’t a lie.”
My blush had to be crimson red now.  And I was speechless.
Hayes loosened the time more and took a drink. “But it was much more than that.  Any hot blooded male would want that.  I expended much energy keeping all of them away from you these past weeks.  I want more.  Your eyes solely on me.  I want your words.  Your barbed-wired full of sarcasm comments.  Your smile only for me.”
He was either a really good smooth talker or he truly believed what he said.  Whether we both hated each other before or not, it had turned into something else.  And I wanted to know what it was before I burst with my own honesty that had no business being voiced.
“Do you not think we are bad for each other?” It was an honest topic worthy question.
He didn’t answer right off making me regret asking it.  “I think we are made for each other, two sides of the same coin.  I also think we have something that no one else can satisfy.”  The damn blush, that never went away, rendered me quiet and panting with just watching him circle me like a lion in his bedroom.  I needed air.
“I meant, Kate, that no one will understand me like you do, accept me anyway.  You knew my awfulness and saw through it.  You wanted me even when I was cruel and tried to drive you away to another man to make you happy.  No one else has ever seen through my lies.”
“There were others?”  Was that jealousy rousing in me?  He saw it too.  Dang it!
He walked back to the bar and poured more in his drink like he was nervous.  Beside his hand was another of the white flowers I saw in the ballroom.  I hadn’t noticed it before.  “Yes, Kate.  But I am yours one hundred percent.”
Okay.  I can deal.  WAIT?  Am I saying I’m diving in?  “And you’re deciding this now because...”
“I am if you are.” He sat down his drink on the table next to me.  He was this close to being a step from my personal space boundaries.  He took that step.    
My drink was removed from my hand and I shouted, “I am not having sex with you.”
His eyes widened at my abrasiveness.  “I wasn’t expecting you too.”
He wasn’t.  Harrumph!  “I..I..I just wanted you to know.”  I was so lame!  I wanted to hide under a rock and duck for cover.
He smiled showing a dimple and lifted me from the chair.  His thumb brushed down my arm.  Whether he had a motive or he was just that in tune with what he wanted, I didn’t care.  I breathed every second of it in.  
“I know you don’t trust me yet and you probably shouldn’t.  I don’t deserve you and you don’t deserve what your father is doing.  But I wouldn’t change the events for anything in the world.  I’m not sorry tonight happened.”
He pulled me to him, dress and all.  His breathing increased.  His hands squeezed harder on my hips.  When one hand released my hip and adjusted to move my body away from the heat he was causing, his fingertips grazed my bare shoulder, playing with the red strap.  
“I love this dress,” he appraised me.   When his hand lifted my chin, I opened my eyes wide in anticipation.  His glorious glow told me what he wanted, but he promised it wouldn't be any more than a kiss.  I was trusting pretty close to the devil himself.  I already admitted I wasn't a genius.
I leaned up as he leaned down.  When our lips met, I felt the electricity of a thousand volts jumpstart my heart.  Soft, tender kisses weren’t on the agenda.  
Like honey.  His mouth tasted like honey, before and now.  We slowed and sped up, all taste and need.  And I needed him too.  At some point I couldn’t see past him.  He was overwhelming, delaying reality somehow knowing I couldn’t resist.  Pure heat covered every inch of me.
I forced myself apart as much as I just wanted to spend more time kissing this man.  Time was a rapidly returning issue with where I was and the agendas before us. Then I shoved the thought aside and kissed him back.  His kiss was just, exposed...demanding...and desperate all in one.  I wanted more.
He led me to the bed.  My questionable eyes were answered when he told me to climb in and he’d come to bed in a while.  I relaxed immediately.  
I heard the shower turn on.  If I was a betting girl, it was cold.  
And for the first time in nights, I slept.




Chapter Thirty Two  If We’re Being Honest Here...says the Devil’s Advocate!

When my time with Hayes was over, I actually dreaded leaving.  He saw it in my eyes, my face, and even in my frustrated hands.  The whole next day was different than anything before with everyone congratulating us and I was allowed to stay in the library with Hayes.  The only odd moment we had was when I asked about the little white flowers I kept finding everywhere.  They were poisonous to angels and help to avoid their unwanted visits.  I thought it odd it didn’t affect me, but didn’t ask.
He told me that my father would be coming for me soon and would want to move on with his plans. He would stay down under and I would transport back and forth for a while being basically a gopher until I stayed completely.  He didn’t outright tell me this, but he hinted that my father intended to use the other students to do his bidding for various things across the world.  I learned that our level tens all spoke at least one other language making us all “ambassadors” for making deals that really weren’t deals if we were forcing humans to very limited decision making events to come.  My father wanted to take over the humans with our own.
	I told Hayes I couldn’t let him do this and he begged me to leave it alone for now.  I didn’t promise anything.
“You will return?”   I wasn’t sure if it was a question or statement and if it meant here or there.
“Yes!” I didn’t stop the smile.  How long?
As if hearing me he said, “A week.  You return to your friends.  I will send for you.  If you're not returning to the school, your father will have certain expectations.  He will allow you to come to him, but he won't wait long."    He sat my breakfast down in front of me in the same chair from last night.  
Just that.  No, are we going to rock the Underworld together or not?  “Aren’t the people going to wonder why I left?”
Yes!  “No,” Hayes said, “Your father is the dean.  Your friends will be punished, but not as severe as Webb or Jason.  He will treat it as a level ten training op or something and lie to the rest.  And I’ve told others you’re not mine to hold until we are married. Really married.”
My father didn't say it that way.
And what was he insinuating?  That I whored around.  “Why did my father act like we already were and what does it really mean?  I am not going to just go frolicking around.”  How do I ask him if he was? Just say it! “Is that what you...will do?”  I stared at the fruit slices on my plate.
Heck, was I asking for a commitment or something?  I felt like the air in the room was running out and I needed to fill the oxygen tank up.  Just when I was about to pop, he said, “I think we need to slow down.”
Yes, the bubble popped.  But the angry bubble filled up to the rim with full blown anger.  “I am not with you to slow down Hayes Under.”  I let out a big breath.
I will give it to him, he held his composure.  “I didn’t mean that you were.”
What, did he not want me?  I was so confused.  My eyes searched for an out, an escape. 
“Can I tell you something that I hope won’t scare you away?” 
Well, put that way.  “I don’t know,” I said honestly.
“Fair enough.” Hayes sighed and sat on the side of the chair beside me.  He was inches from my face, but he made no move on me.   “I won’t deny that I would like to be able to say what we told the masses last night to be true.  I will do whatever it takes to have you by my side, in my bed.  You're already in my every thought, my very breath.”
His dark, secretive eyes didn’t reveal anything other than what he said.  Honesty gets honesty back.
“I don’t know yet.”
“I thank you for your honesty and hope that I can make you happy,” he folded his hand over the top on mine and turned it into his own.  When the fingers were laced and held out in front of my face and his chest, he pulled it gently to his heart.  “I will not give up hope then.”
This was not the same guy, the demon, all evil. “Is this the last of seeing you like this?”
Hayes’ smile was brittle.  “To an extent I have obligations.  I will remain the character I am expected to be.  I told you I can be more since you said yes.  However, have I treated you badly since you came to stay?”
No!  “Um, not exactly.  But I still haven’t wrapped my head around the idea that you are on my side now.  I still feel like the Hayes I knew before yesterday hates my guts and just wants to see me fail.”
His face fell.  I couldn’t figure him out.  Heck, I don’t think he has himself figured out anymore than I do.  “The Hayes of four weeks ago hated you for who you represented.  I spent the better half of most of those weeks trying to reason why I shouldn’t like you.  I tried to hate you so I could spend the rest of eternity making you miserable.  But somewhere in between the second half of those weeks,” he dropped his gaze to the necklace he gave me, “I fell in love with you.”
Gasp!  
“If that scares you, I’m deeply sorry.  If you run now, as I know your mind is much like my own, I will understand.  I just want you to know before you leave me now, that I will find you.  If I know I have a chance, and weighed by the temperature that rose between us I can believe that the fire in me that burns for you runs as hot for you, I think I may have that chance.”
Pfft!  My cheeks on fire, I could feel his lips burning against mine just looking at him.
He moved one foot’s length closer and I knew my eyes widened in surrender.  Whatever he was dishing, I was there for the taking.  “That’s the fire I’m talking about,” he teased unlike the far away Hayes of the so recent past trying to soothe, not hurt. He was like the Mad Hatter jigsaw puzzle I would never figure out.  Just when I think one thing, BAM, he shifts gears.  The mystery of Hayes was a little bit enticing just the same.  I had no problem admitting this.  What I didn’t want anyone else to see was the man hidden inside.  He was kind and caring, dedicated and determined.
And he could read me so well my mouth watered when he did it.  Heck, he even had a way to confirm it, unlike me.  He brushed the back of his knuckles across my forehead and down my cheek, stopping at my neckline.  I decided then he like touching me, being skin close.  His body held it's own sigh at each touch. He'd hinted at more, but I wasn't that giving until I knew him more.  He whispered close to me where I couldn’t see his eyes anymore, “If you will have me, then this is the man you get.  I can be that man before...if I have to be.  I won’t pretend he’s not still there.  But with you by my side, we can conquer anything.”
Anything?  I had my previous ideas come back into focus.  To take over the Underworld would only happen with a partnership.  This man was not pure evil no matter his lineage. Oh, he could be I have no doubt.  But with me, he was anything but.  But what happens when you give your whole self to someone who has to be someone else when others are around?  When their presence has that much power over you that you possibly lose yourself? Or do you grow that much together despite the world around you?  Can you both still see your true selves and be happy with it?  I am not experienced in failed relationships so starting one is uneasy ground for me.  And this particular one was sketchy.  
 “Will you be the crass creature on the surface that you need to be at the right time?” 
So I keep asking this, but I wanted to be sure I knew where he stood.
He examined where my line of thinking was going.  When he didn’t answer right away I helped him out with what I hoped was his way of thinking, “As in, even if I’m present, you will not wuss out in front of others just because a girl is there.”
He frowned, “Wuss out, huh?”
“Yes, in front of your guards.  You dropped everything for the simple fact that I entered the room.  I felt like a shark on stage getting examined by the bigger sharks.”
His fingers followed on down my arm and he watched them flex as he curled them around my arm and back out again.   “First of all, it wasn't just any girl.   And I didn’t “wuss out” because you were there.  If you think giving you my full attention is wussing out in front of other men, then you are like no other woman I have ever met.”
I yanked myself from his grasp and left the chair.  “First of all, I am like no other woman because no other woman can sadly call their father “the father of lies”.  And second of all,” I moved closer to him now with a finger pointed right to his nose, “I won’t be told about your women.  If you’re here to compare me to them, why am I here?”
His hands pressed firmly, but gently on both shoulders and then both of them wrapped around my waist.  He put his face just close enough to mine to press the front of our bodies against the other allowing each of us to monitor the other’s heartbeat. Whatever he said next, he knew what to do with his hands to get me to comply.   “First of all Kate Styx, I know more than any man on this earth that you are like no other woman inside and out.  Second of all Kate Styx, I didn’t mean any other woman I know personally, it was a generalization.  I won’t pretend to have innocence, because I don’t have it.  But what I know of women has completely been redefined of late.  You shattered every single stereotype I’d made.  So I was wrong, you are not like any other woman I know and that is why,” he swallowed, “that is why you are here now.  With me.”
Whoa!  This was like how married people talk.  We were like old people talking commitment and grounded and attached.  He was dead serious about us.   I thumbed the pendant around my neck getting the feeling it meant more to him than I originally thought.
I needed out. I swear pools of estrogen were pushing me towards him like he was some kind of male siren.   “Can we talk about this at a different time?” I squirmed wanting to end it before we fought like pitt-bulls in a ring.  
“Can I return you to your destination?”
He didn’t say Webb’s home.  And I didn’t need to face Webb with Hayes wrapped around me.  “If you drop me at the door.”
He was not completely easy to read, but I knew his eyes flicked a light in them that showed a certain amount of ownership that I wasn’t ready to give yet.  I couldn’t let my friends know that one stay with Hayes had weakened every defense I’d built. 
“If that is what you need.”  Not his need, nor his want he was leaning on now.  It was mine.
“Yes.”
“Can I say goodbye to you now then?”  His face saying exactly what he wanted. I gulped some air for focus and nodded. 
Premeditating his moves on me like he does, he pulled a hand off my hip up to my cheek to draw me in. He had this way about him each time.  After hours of feeling it, watching him affect me like so, I found myself counting the steps he took to kiss me.  He could keep his eyes open all the way until the lock of our lips and then without controlling them, both our eyes would close.  The way my heart counted the beats as he drew closer was just pure ecstasy.  There was no other word for it.  He consumed me.  When his mouth opened and took me in, I was lost.  Darkness, light, they met.  My body was a lit fire.  My brain was out to lunch.  I could describe the feeling a hundred different ways, but it was like all of it all the time.  
And had I fallen in his arms before like I did then?  I’d let go of my body.  He held me there, suspended in air enabling me to see him stand over me.  I remembered now his beautiful body, or most of it, as it held me and couldn’t stop the images of possibly being the only one to have it.
And my innocence.  What if that was offensive to him?  That reflection helped me shake it off.  Time for the real Kali to shake loose of this “All about Hayes Under assignment” and get back to reality.  
I let go of the kiss but he held me there, taking me in as much.  It wasn’t one sided.  He was as caught up in me as I in him.  For that, I wanted to know if it was still there...next time.
I didn’t remember sitting down, but we were on the bed. I laid there for seconds, minutes.  “Can I just hold you so you may sleep?”
I could have a super sassy comment back for that, but instead I moved closer to him and felt my body relax and whiz with heat all at the same time when his arm folded over the front of me like it would hold me here.  Staying away was not an option anymore.




Chapter Thirty Three  Drop that Bomb or Hide the Fuse

In front of the guards and others he gave a hundred watt smile putting on the charm with that dimple in place. I noted that I get that same smile, but with a different softness in his eyes.  No, at times it was the opposite.  A hard look that meant he was controlling an inner desire.  I’d not registered it till I really thought about it.  
His smile was more genuine now, like he truly cares about me and didn’t hide it in front of his guards.  Will he give me that smile in front of my friends like he did with his guards?  MY FRIENDS.  I’ve completely forgotten about them and today I return to them.  Did I really want too?  WHAT...am I thinking?  Have I lost my mind?  I have.  
Staying here meant what?  What kind of life?  With Hayes.  I was already expected to marry him...or kind of did.  There were too many questions and not enough time to contemplate them before leaving.
He dropped me at the front door to Webb’s home.  He told me goodbye one last time and placed a chaste kiss on my lips.  I flushed with the contact.  He dissipated as the door opened, but not before Webb saw his arms leaving mine.
Oh boy!
He wanted to reach out to me.  I could tell by the way his arms extended and then recoiled leaving his eyes glued to my hip where Hayes had just pulled his own hand from.  He stared, hollow and blank. 
I decidedly pushed past him into the room opting for avoidance as my best tactic.  I heard the door slam slightly harder than it should have behind me.  Not giving it any attention would be for the best.  I could face him later.
The girls ran me over.  Jason half hugged watching Webb’s quiet brooding in the corner.  After much attention over my new outfit and the details I avoided, I finally escaped to my room for a little rest.  Well, avoidance.  So yes, I have stubbornness issues.  
I heard the knock, but quickly shed my shirt hoping for a little more time.  “Just a minute,” I tried to sound jovial pulling back down the tank I had on underneath.
The doorknob clicked open so I purposefully left my tank half up to make it a sure thing. His eyes went wide and backed out, leaving me alone.  Again.
After moping for more than twenty minutes, I stood by the bed contemplating what to say to them.  I hadn’t formed anything sound or useable yet, but I couldn’t avoid it any longer.  I rounded the corner hearing the whispers that stopped me dead in my tracks.
“Did he hurt her?” A girl’s whisper formed.
“She hasn’t said a word.  Shouldn’t we assume her misery as evidence and—
“So sure it’s misery?” Webb’s voice wasn’t a whisper.
“Shhh!”
“Of course she’s miserable.  Her face shows all kinds of heartache.”
Yeah, they read me well.  Just the opposite end of heartache and for all the wrong reasons.
It was time to intervene.  I popped around the corner bright-eyed and bushy-tailed with a happy intro of, “What’s up, guys?  My nap did me well.  Couldn’t sleep last night.”
A harsh word whipping the air, Webb scooted his chair back and left the kitchen. So much for hiding it!
I pled ignorance.  “What’s his deal?”  It might backfire on me, but what could I do?  I could tell them I’d fallen for the enemy, contemplated shacking up with him, decided to overthrow the Underworld, and needed a plan to make it happen.  Not!  Then I’d have to admit to myself I really believed it.  Deny all!
“So tell us what you know.  How did it go?”  Lace sat up and leaned into me from across the table.  Her hands drummed the wood.
“It went far from what I expected.”  There, that was the truth.  I thought I could hear breathing behind the same corner I’d just hid.  Come to think about it, I’d not heard a door open or close.  “Hayes worked with the guards mostly while I read in the library.”
“Library?  They have a library down there?”  Bailey asked.
I got excited, “Yes.  It’s amazing.  Every book I’ve ever wanted to read.  I read two while I was there.  And—
“All you did was read?” Lace asked in disbelief.
“Well, yeah,” I answered feeling like a lousy liar.  The discomfiture of the situation I was digging a hole into was being made wider and wider. “He was distant, but he was trying to make me like it, remember.  I ate well and I got to go to a ball.”
Doh!  Shut up!  Shut up!  
All eyes in the room rose.  Shoot the monkey, I’m dead.
“You partied all night.  Is this why you didn’t sleep?”
Oh boy!  Were they suspicious or what?  “Yes, I told you I was tired.   It wasn’t that horrible.”  I added absentmindedly touching the necklace.  
None of the guys, including the lurking Webb whom I knew didn’t go far because I counted his footsteps after realizing he don’t leave, had said anything yet.  Bridgett got the courage to ask the next question, “So did you get anything out of this we can work with?  What’s the plan?”
Her eyes didn’t miss where my hand was or what it was caressing.
“I know that we need to be careful.  My father is craftier than you could have ever imagined.  Fighting him will take more than just a group of teenage adrenaline.”
“You’re giving up.  That’s it.  You saw something down there that changed your mind,” Bridgett accused narrowing her gaze.  I had to give it to her, she was clever behind the false ditziness she sometimes portrayed.  Her eyes fell back on the charm letting me know she meant more than just what I saw in the Underworld and more on who else was now entangled in my thoughts.
That’s one way to look at it.  “I didn’t change my mind, just averted it.  I think we are going about it at the wrong angle.  If we can’t beat him, I think,” I looked back over my shoulder at the dark hallway where I knew he stood listening, “I think we should appear to look as if we’ve joined him.  He won’t suspect a group of rebellious teens as going against him if we eagerly want to rejoin the ranks now knowing who we’re dealing with.”  I talked to the shadows hoping he’d know I knew he was there.
Nothing.
Jason finally spoke, “I think you have a great plan, but it has to be said that going about it means fatalities, imminent danger, and lose of possible contact between each other.”
“Sounds like the best time to me," I smiled cheekily for their comfort and hopefully compliance.  Days ago, Jason wanted to leave and not return.
“Hot damn!” Jason suddenly beating the table with a pounding fist.  “Let’s get going then."
“What about Hayes?” Bridgett asked with her eyes glued to my neck like I might give it up if she pointed it out again.  She wasn’t dumb. 
“What about him?” I tried to say emotionless.
“Does he know what you’re doing?”
“No,” I looked down at the table.
“We will have to have a plan on how we can communicate.  And not to mention you will still spend more time with Hayes...alone,” Lace reminded everyone eyeing Bridgett.  She wasn’t clueless either I see.
I pressed my fingers to my eyes shutting them tight with weariness.  I just lied.  No!  Left out details to my only friends.  The same friends who planned to rid the world of injustice concerning my one and only father.  The father of lies.  Just reward.
“Do you need to rest again?” Bridgett patted my back beside me.  
“Yes.”  I could use some more alone in the dark time to think.  I stepped into the dark hallway expecting a confrontation but he wasn’t there.  Somehow, he just knew.  Bridgett knew.  Lace was curious.  But no one else seem to say a word.
The darkness surrounded me.  I turned down the blinds, put out the light.  I laid there in the dark in a tank and shorts on top of the bed, staring at the ceiling.
I weighed the options. Well, I could stay where I was and wander the earth with my friends creating havoc for my father and escaping my fate.  He would either like it and leave us alone or come after us.  I couldn't see him abandoning his goal.
Or...I could embrace the inevitable, take what is mine to take, and enjoy the new found love I knew was blooming.  So what if it was arranged. And even a bit deranged given its background.   It worked out different than either of us thought it would.  Demon or not, I wanted him to be mine.
Taking on the bridge of standing with Hayes meant changing the way things were done.  What if I could change the tides of Hades and how he worked?  Well, maybe not in its entirety, but perhaps small steps.   I could avert the war on humans by teaching all the students he’s bred us as warriors enabling us to move against him in a unified way.  The question was, how to do it without hurting anyone.
I could hang on to hope.  And being back at that school wasn’t the hope I wanted, but would gain me the in to keeping father’s plans in my sight. Maybe, just maybe I could play both fields.  If we went back, we could make things happen and gather information.
Pop!  I stayed very still looking straight up where I sat.  If someone was trying to get in my room, I knew I’d locked the door and the windows were still locked from my paranoia of checking them the night before moving quickly I sprang up to standing beside the bed.  His body landed across mine and when I fell backwards onto the bed, he somehow made a swift enough move that his arm was around my waist and tumbling with me.
What I wouldn’t realize till later was how he was able to go to a room in Webb’s house, if he’d never been there.  Or how he’d come to the house the first time.  I knew they were not friends, but mutually shared space as classmates.  He had to have been there before.  If he had, what else did they have in common?  Their hints as to one who would save me and one who was betrothed to me to rule a kingdom of demons sent red flags up.  They both had dreams…about me.  And I them. That could only mean one thing.
“What are you doing?” I asked him not having enough time to come to the realization that he was in my room, at Webb’s house!  “Hayes,” his name came out shaky and with a swallow of air, his scent consuming me as always.
He wasn’t phased. “If I’d known landing here would put me in your arms, dressed like that, I’d have done it sooner.”  His smile was ear-to-ear and very close to my own.  I bit my lip and curled up my brow peeking at the bedroom door.  
“They have no idea.  I’m covered under darkness, as are you.” 
What did that mean?  “I can do that?”
“Yes.  With...or without me.”  That last part was hard for him to get out like he was indecisive on how he felt about it.  
His hand hot like fire on the curve of my back brought me back. “Are you just going to hold me down like this?”  I was contorted sideways on the bed with every ounce of him on top, something he was most definitely not indecisive about.   My legs were parted due to the angle and his body lay between them.  It was the most compromising position I’d ever been in and I couldn’t say it was all that bad.
He reluctantly let me stay on the bed and righted himself to standing.  After careful roaming eyes, he offered for me to get dressed or get under the covers.  
	“Why?  Am I making you uncomfortable?”
“Just the opposite, Kate.” He shut his eyes as if in pain, but they opened and I swear I saw them blink red for a second. I couldn't be sure.  I jumped under the covers and scooted over to the far end of the queen-sized bed.  He cocked his head at me and looked down his nose.
“You are the one who showed up in my room.  It’s not like we haven’t shared a bed so if you intend to stay, at least sit down or something.”
He seemed to weigh his decisions heavily.  At last he sat.  On top of the covers.
I briefly pondered the fire I was lighting.  The danger I was welcoming.  I knew what I wanted at that very second and it wasn’t the purest of thoughts.
To keep it light I asked, “So, I can pop in on you when I want like that?”
He took that differently than I supposed by the negative look being spelled out across his face.  “Yes, but it would be unwise to do so.  I knew where you were.”
As if that answered why it was okay for him and not me.  I scooted my knees up to my shoulders and wrapped my arms around them under the covers.    “So you have something to hide?”  Another girl?  
“Not from you Kate, it that’s what you’re wanting.  I have secrets.  Dark secrets.  But you have to want them, Kate.  I can’t let you in until you want me too.”
Fair enough.  “And when I tell my own secrets, you’ll tell me yours.”  Mine meaning what my friends have planned for him and his Underworld.  What else can he do?
“Yes.”  
So much for light conversation.  “You are here, why?”  I spread my legs back out under the cool blanket and laid down so that his upright position hovered over me.  He sat facing me with one leg on the bed looking down at my face.  He seemed uncomfortable with this angle as I hoped, so he moved his bulky, hard as a rock frame down the length of the bed to face me.  On top of the covers still.
“I wanted to see you.”
To be seen was more like it.  “How sweet for me, right?” I needed sarcasm to get through this.
“No, I didn’t mean for it to be that way.  I only wanted to say good night.  Make sure you could sleep.”
I knew this was a ploy, maybe a way to make me surer, but I didn’t want to care or say no.  I lifted the covers and he slid in after his boots silently hit the floor.  Fully clothed, he roped around me.  I was asleep before I could say thank you.  Ploys or not, Hayes Under would be mine.

 
	Appendix:

bloodstone-repels enemies (placed by father)
bornite- keeps one from killing your enemies (placed by mother in secret) 


