
Dedicated to my loving wife, Edmy Dafné and my son Leonardo, who have shown me a new life and meaning. They are the true source of inspiration for the writings in this book. 
LETTERS FROM THE SKY
By Richard Paz
Published by Richard Paz at Smashwords.
Copyright 2013 Richard Paz
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Epilogue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5 
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Epilogue 
History books have some truth, but not all is written as is. The world is not what you think it is. It never has been. There have been many fabricated lies that have been kept from the public eye, until now. A war has been waged just beyond the outskirts of our solar system. A battle that has allowed highly-evolved beings to shape and twist the universe into whatever they desire. Earth and other planets are at their mercy. They have managed to hand-craft this civilization as well as its societies. They have planted our governments and instilled corruption. They have fed us false images and information. They want us to believe that everything is okay. 
One of these immortal instruments has decided to come and take what he feels is his. He is hell-bent on acquiring planet Earth and its surrounding quadrant while an interplanetary security force has vowed to stop this dark maniacal lord and his sister at all costs from taking possession of the territory in question. 
The security force has sent one of their own, a messenger, to Earth in hopes of persuading its citizens to take action. This being has the task of making people understand the impending danger that looms over humankind. 
He has been traveling for quite some time in hopes of arriving to the planet before his evil counterparts do as they will stop at nothing to consume the world and take from it all of its valuable resources and possessions, including humankind itself. They will bring an army never before seen by man. It will be a force so strong that it will be highly unlikely that anyone will survive the carnage. Something must be done and quickly before the stampede flattens the Earth and the surrounding territory in question.
Chapter 1
I wake up on the soft, slightly moistened grass, almost perspiring. Must have had a bad dream or something, I think, as my eyes begin to open slowly. My only panorama is of the night sky teeming with lights from above. It´s pitch black and the stars are shimmering brightly. I stretch my arms over my head. It´s kind of chilly tonight as I rub my arms slightly to get myself warm. I look for a glimmer of hope. A glimpse of a shooting star. They always catch me by surprise and I like it that way. I know they´re only small meteors disintegrating onto the Earth´s atmosphere but somewhere in my mind I want to think of them as a symbol of good faith. 
I never really studied the stars before. I just adore them. I am enamored with space for everything from its precious antiquities to its countless satellites. I love the universe for its beauty and magnitude. I find its mythology captivating and mysterious. 
I´ve never really been part of a particular social group. I´ve never wanted to be someone that I´m not. I´ve always been pretty genuine and so far, it´s kept me out of trouble at school. I´ve got plenty of friends. I´m not popular and have no particular romantic interest, but honestly I don´t care or do I? At times I feel like I´m not from this wretched world, at least that´s how I envision it. That´s just what I see. I don´t think I was even born here on this planet that is. Why is it that I´ve never belonged? Hi, I´m Enoch Sotheby and I don´t belong here…I think.
I live in a slightly lit city on the outskirts of Fredericksburg, Virginia. It´s a small and quiet town. There´s never really anything going on in this small city. I´ve gotten used to the same people, same surroundings. Nothing´s really changed. I live in a modest neighborhood if you can call it that. My mom and dad are pretty cool even if they are polar opposites. I´m the eldest of three and the primary role model for my two younger sisters, but not by choice. They just love me and I adore them. I love them and they adore me. Zada is 11 years old and Jianna, why she´s just a tiny baby at 15 months. 
I get up off the towel and continue to look up at the darkened sky.  I hear footsteps but refuse to look anywhere else but up. It´s probably my dad. He too is a stargazer but he annoys me at times with his science tidbits. I know them all. The footsteps get louder as whoever it is is getting closer. I take my eyes off the starry night and watch as two shadowy figures approach. It takes me a few seconds to focus and when I do notice it´s my two best friends in the world.  I´ve known them since I can remember. Dante has been my protector since the kindergarten. He´s beat up more bullies than I can count. Lucky for me, he proclaimed himself my best friend on the very first day of school and no one´s touched me since. Don´t know how we remained best friends though, because we are very different and at times we clash. I´m not at all like him. He´s a jock as well as a genius. And he´s one of the most popular kids in school. He´s very gifted. Guess that his only fault is that´s he´s too straightforward and he is as traditional as an arrow. He does everything by the books. He´s also known for making other kids pay for any injustice that may have occurred amongst any of our fellow classmates. He´s very strong and has a very fit physique. And there he is wearing casual clothing and his trademark, black combat boots. I often wonder, does he think we´re at war? What does he need those thick shoes for anyway? We´re not in boot camp. Dante rushes up to me and lifts me off the ground. He gives me a bear hug. If I ever did want a brother, I´d want my sibling to be just like him. If I ever did want a brother, I´d want him to be just like him.
A couple of seconds later, another image walks up to me and gives me a nice and warm hug. It´s Danica, Dante´s younger sister. Her eyes are sparkling like diamonds. They are full of warmth and expression. “Aren´t you going to give me a kiss?” she asks.  I reply awkwardly, “Of course I am”. I take a couple of seconds to plant a kiss on her cheek. Don´t know why she makes me feel so strange lately. I´ve trusted in her all of my life. She´s a great listener. She´s easy to talk to. She´s been there in my finest as well as worst moments. I can confide in her completely even though I am intimidated by her for some reason. 
“What´s up guys? Great to see you,” I say. “What´re you guys up to?”
“Nothing, we came by to see if you wanted to do something,” Dante says.
“Like what?” I ask. 
“Well, we´re going to Finley´s place and we wanted to know if you wanted to come,” Dante responds. 
Where should I start? I mean Finley and I have never gotten along. One could say he´s like my arch rival. Don´t like him. Don´t think I ever will. Should I tell them what I really think about him? Should I tell them that he´s a complete jerk? I´m dying to tell them but I´m going to keep my mouth shut. 
“Nah, I can´t,” I respond. “I´ve got tons of things to do.” 
“Like what?” Danica asks. 
“Like a lot of things,” I respond. 
“Come on Enoch. You need to live a little. Life´s too short and we´re too young,” she says. 
She´s got a point but I don´t want to cause any problems at school especially with a guy like that. I avoid him every chance I get. He´s not worth my time. Every time we´re alone somewhere he tries to humiliate me. And he tries to be cool but only when Dante and Danica are around. I know what he´s really like. 
Dante puts his arm around my shoulder.
“How can we convince you to go with us?” he says. 
“You can´t,” I respond. He finally gives up and says, “Alright then, guess there´s nothing we can do or say to change your mind. So be it then. We´ll hang out here till we´re ready to roll,” he adds.
He walks me away from Danica and whispers forcefully “You really need to live a little.”
“And going to that muscle head´s house is going to make me live a little?” I respond. “Why do you insist on me going anyway?”
“Because I don´t want Finley to lay a finger on my sister,” he says. “You can help me keep an eye out.” 
He takes a long pause. He looks like he has something important to tell me. 
“I´d rather her be with a guy like you. Someone who respects her for who she is not some guy who´s going to throw her away when he´s done and claim her as one of his conquests,” he tells me. 
“You know her better than I do. She can pretty much take care of herself. And besides, I don´t think she likes him, or does she? Any guy would die to get with your sister.” Hope he didn´t take that the wrong way. I mean he could knock me out with one solid punch.
We keep our comments to ourselves as we walk further down my backyard. It´s not really mine. I just happen to live near a wooded area with lots of trees. We sit down, legs crossed on the pasture and observe the star-lit sky. Danica is on my right and Dante to my left. Dante comes closer to me and whispers in my ear, “You know, I think my sister has a crush on you”. We both look in her direction as her head is inclined towards the sky.
“Me?” I ask. “You´ve got to be kidding. I´m not anywhere near her type.”
She hasn´t noticed Dante´s commentary or maybe she has, but she’s ignoring us. She’s very quiet. She’s not her usual self. She’s usually very intense and full of energy and inspiration. She turns her head and looks right at us. I could swear she’s looking straight into my soul at times. 
“What are you looking at?” she says with a soft smile. Her dark brown eyes are so playful and full of life. She turns away again and sets her eyes to the skyline. I have to admit, she’s very attractive but she´s just my friend, nothing more. I wouldn´t want to ruin that. I think her brother´s playing tricks on me. That´s what best friends do I guess. 
Dante whispers, “She mentions your name all the time. Everywhere we go, I’m sick of it, actually.”
 “Stop it already. Leave me alone,” I tell him.
Dante replies “She just goes on and on wishing all the guys at school were more like you. She says you´re smart and charming and blah, blah, blah.” 
“Would you stop it already?” I say as I am obviously bothered by what he is saying. 
“I didn´t say it, she did,” he replies.
Dante is interrupted by a phone call as he gets up and walks away. It´s just me and Danica as we sit across from each other. I can´t help but stare as she scans the star-lit sky.
“You know you look at these stars long enough and eventually they´ll come crashing down,” she says as she smiles. 
“Impossible,” I respond. 
She almost laughs as she looks at me. “I know. It´s just a figure of speech.”
Dante paces back and forth. He looks anxious as he is still on the phone. 
Danica continues, “It´s just that´s the way you look at them. It´s beautiful the way you look at them. It probably makes them feel important. I wish someone would look at me that way.”
“We´ve gotta go,” Dante interrupts. “Everyone´s there already.”
He looks at me, “You sure you don´t want to go?” 
I put my head down, “I´m sure.” I just wish it wasn´t Finley´s party, that´s all. 
Danica and I get up from the pasture. Dante signals his sister. “Let´s book,” he says. “Later Enoch.”
Danica pulls up next to me she stares at me for a couple of seconds but for me it feels like it´s been minutes as her beautiful brown eyes twinkle from the light above.
“You should invite me sometime. Show me what you see,” she says. She gives me a soft kiss on the cheek 
“They look the same as they always do,” I respond. 
“No they don´t. You look at the differently. You make them seem larger than life,” she says as she slowly walks away after her brother. “Goodnight Enoch.”
Was she flirting with me or was it my imagination? Dante got my head in the clouds and now it´s time to bring it back down. She´s just a good friend, that´s all. I wonder if she really does say those things about me. Dante does have a knack of playing practical jokes on me and on everyone else. I mean me, smart and charming? Enough already. I´m going to let that one slide. Dante and Danica walk away as they vanish away from the wooded area. 
I sit back down as I wait for a sign of life. I wait for that meteor to come crashing along the atmosphere. I look up until I finally lay down. I look up to the Heavens until I eventually fall asleep. 
Danica and I are together as we walk along what appears to be large concrete columns. I think I´ve seen this place before. It´s gigantic and incredible. I think we´re in the Greek Pantheon only the massive structures are fully restored. She and I walk for what feels like an eternity. We walk through endless corridors and hallways. There are statues of Greek Olympian athletes and Gods at every turn. It´s amazingly beautiful.
We begin to walk in slow motion as though a channel has been crossed. Danica leads me by the hand but I wonder Where is she taking me? We run slowly through the endless passages. There´s a scream and a seemingly eternal pause as everything comes to a screeching halt. She tries to tell me something but she can´t, she´s mute. I can´t hear anything as she grows frustrated. She realizes that nothing is coming out from her vocal cords. I can feel her body tense up. 
“What´s wrong?” I ask. 
I can sense something overhead. It´s watching us. I turn my attention to the monolithic ceiling. 
“There´s something in here. Danica, please stay close,” I warn her. On the ceiling I notice a beautiful mural as it adorns the panoramic view. It´s magnificent. Then I turn to my side and Danica is gone. Where did she go? I look everywhere but she is nowhere to be found. I look above and see her body dangling as she is carried away by some gigantic bird. She is firmly grasped between its giant claws. It´s snatched her from my side. 
Her voice finally comes back as it almost roars. I stand there hopelessly as she screams violently. 
“Please Enoch, help me. I need you,” she yells. 
I run after the bird but my body is slow and sluggish. I feel like I haven´t moved an inch. There is little I can do as the giant bird flies away with Danica in its firm grasp. 
I wake up as I realize it was only a dream. I touch the grass around me as it´s moist from the dew in the air. Something has shot up overhead. It´s a shooting star and I am very excited. I waited all night and it paid off. What should I wish for? I´m not sure because I want many things, among them, an identity. The falling star begins to move about in a strange manner. It´s as if it´s being controlled. But how? Meteors don´t move like that. It´s coming down as it´s near my home. It´s zigzagging wildly and out of control. Am I dreaming all of this?  
This is incredible. Is this for real? Am I the only one witnessing this spectacular event in the night sky? It comes right over my head and comes to a complete halt. What is it? The lights have gone out everywhere. Whatever it is, it caused a power outage. The sphere of light is almost transparent and now there is no trace of wind. Everything is steady and motionless. It comes down and I immediately get up off the floor. It continues to descend and if I don´t get out of here it will likely crush me. I don´t know how to describe it but I´ve never heard a noise like that before in my entire life. It´s a soft hissing sound. It smells like vacant city lights, empty and abandoned. 
I think this is the part of my dream where I bolt. I run for my dear life. This can´t be real. This can´t be happening. They´re coming for me. I´m going to be abducted by aliens. I sure hope not. This is insane.
I look back out of curiosity and who wouldn´t. I mean I have a nearly camouflaged object coming down in my backyard. It starts coming down faster. I´m nervous because I´ve never been through a situation like this before. Aliens, are they here to eat my brains? Are they here to establish contact? Are they friendly or hostile? Are they here to take me to their world or are they here to take over our planet? Hope not. I like it here. This encounter has me running for my dear life as there are many thoughts running through my head. My heart seems to beat endlessly as I run for the trees. I accommodate my body behind a chestnut oak tree. I hope it conceals my body entirely.  Hope whoever or whatever it is can´t see me. I look up and decide to scale the tree. I climb a couple of branches as I continue to watch the shadowy object´s movement. I can still see it even though it is not entirely there, visually speaking. I continue to move upwards on the tree in hopes I will be so far up that none of those alien creatures can grab me. I want to be out of reach. On the dark brown scaly alligator bark of the tree, I notice a carved message. It was made by Danica when I was about 8 years old. I still remember the exact day and everything. It reads, “Enoch, the bravest soul.” And I´m scared to death. I look at the message and ask myself, Why did she write that again? I´m not that person she wrote about years ago. I´m courageous or at least I thought I was. Of all the crazy things, aliens had to come knocking on my door. Why do the craziest things happen to me? Yep, they had to come knocking on my door.
Wait a minute. This could still be a dream. The craft is almost entirely transparent yet I can still see it as it descends. It looks like a giant blur as it adapts itself to its surroundings. Although it is nearly invisible, it´s not as big as I imagined it. I thought alien technology would be bigger and bad ass, or at least the size of a football field. I look around and realize the city´s entirely motionless. It´s as if time is at a standstill. And I´m still up on this tree as it makes its final dash towards the ground. It doesn´t look like something man-made but you never know I think as the object slides evenly onto the ground. From a distance, the entire town looks entirely pitch black. The sky above becomes littered with stars. For me, it feels like hours have passed as my heart is racing. 
My blood´s pumping. My adrenaline is at an all-time high. I´m scared to death. Why me? Why did this have to happen to me? 
The spaceship, the blur, the invisible craft, whatever the case, is on the ground and I don´t know, it´s as if it´s calling me. I can sense it as it draws my attention. It has a mysterious and mystical quality. It stops pulsating and stands still. Is it a government aircraft or extraterrestrial? Is this just a dream? I wipe my eyes to make sure. I even pinch myself, “Ouch, that hurt.” 
Okay, I´m not asleep. I am curious as I come down off the tree. I come down cautiously. Wouldn´t want to be taken and experimented on. I breathe softly and walk more cautiously, almost tip-toeing. I don´t want whatever it is or whatever they are to see me coming.
I move with great vigilance. It draws my attention but it´s not easy for me as I approach the craft. This wouldn´t be easy for anyone I think. I am about ten feet away and the vehicle hovers off the ground a bit and then falls onto the ground once again. My first reaction is to run but as soon as it drops softly I move on forward. I come up to the craft and it sounds like it´s breathing or perspiring. Is it my imagination or does it feel like it´s alive? What is this thing? I think I´m going to have a heart attack or something. I wonder what it feels like. I take a swipe at the craft just to see how it feels and I can´t describe the feeling. I´ve never felt anything like it before. There´s definitely something there. I don´t know how to describe it as I touch it again. It feels strange and exotic. It feels like it wants to discharge something. Something wants to come out, I can almost sense it. It´s not too big a craft as I encircle it to see how wide around it is.  
Something is launched from the craft and onto the ground. Whatever it is, it´s drenched in gooey stuff. It looks like a cocoon but what can be inside? Something is trying to make its way through. It´s trying to break free of its shell.  Can´t believe my eyes as a hand breaks through the surface. A large frame comes wobbling out. Is this some sort of joke? He´s an astronaut but I don´t recognize the emblem. Russian maybe? I realize he´s not an astronaut at all. His suit is made of armor as it´s wrapped around his muscular physique. The emblem is colorful and beautiful. It takes the liquid substance from its face as a dark visor covers its face. I´m at a loss for words. Should I help this thing or run like the wind? Think Enoch, I don´t have much time. I have to act now. I need to communicate with this thing. 
“Are you okay? Do you need any help?” I ask. 
The being turns its face as if he is looking directly at me. His helmet still on and its dark visor covering its face. 
“Can I call someone for you? An ambulance, the FBI, CIA?” I ask.
I assume whatever it is is of a male species. He tries getting up but it´s taking him some time. He looks exhausted. He signals “no” with his finger. I wonder if that means he understands me. 
Whoever it is, he can´t be human. He´s definitely of a different source. I´ve never seen anything like this in my life. He must have traveled a vast distance. He can´t stand up straight. He tries to bring himself up to a standing position but he almost falls in the process.

I hope he´s not some sort of reptile or a creepy looking alien. I have no idea what I would do if that happened. I am hesitant to help the voyager, but it´s in my nature to help everyone.
“Say something. Anything,” I tell him. I want it to be okay. I offer a helping hand as I stand next to him. 
“Say something already,” I tell him as I put my arm around his torso to keep it from falling. He mumbles something but I`m not sure what he is trying to say. If he says something or anything, I hope it´s in a language I can understand like English. Now that would be nice?
“Hello Mr. Spaceman. I don`t understand you,” I say. I try to imagine what he looks like. Is he going to kill me? I hope he´s not hideous looking. If he´s a monster, I´ll probably run off and hide somewhere. 
“Take off your helmet,” I tell him. “Who are you and why are you here?”
Is this alien here to exterminate our species? Is he here to steal or horde our precious resources? What is he here for? The spaceman moves his hands towards his helmet, which in turn totally turns…throwing me off completely. I hear the sound of oxygen as it seeps out from underneath his helmet. I can hear the sound of some type of substance, possibly oxygen.  
He´s taking his helmet off and I`m closing my eyes. I can hear the breathing apparatuses disengage. I open my eyes but turn the other way. I want to be ready for the impact, his appearance. I look towards the spaceman as the helmet has finally come off. He takes it and turns it into a cube which he puts in his pocket. He has strands of reddish brown hair. He reveals his face as he is human or at least it looks that way. He could be a shape shifter. I know, I´ve seen it happen in comic books. He opens his eyes and reveals his emerald green eye balls. They´re luminescent. I´ve never seen anything quite like it before. He´s almost too perfect as his facial features are strikingly handsome. He looks to be about my age, not a day older. His hair is shoulder length. He´s chiseled as he looks like an elegant gladiator. He´s about my height. He gives me an odd stare. It feels as though he is piercing into my soul. He tries to communicate again as he opens his mouth. I can´t understand a word he´s saying if he can call it a language. I´m not sure what he´s trying to tell me.
“Speak English,” I tell him as I point to my ear. 
The spaceman scans his surroundings and then locks onto me again. Does he know where he is exactly? He looks around at the trees and then to the stars above. He takes a strong whiff of the air. He savors its taste. He probably knows this planet from before. We´re the only ones that can`t get off this meaningless rock. He switches his mumbling code to English. Finally, a language I can understand. 
“Where am I?” he asks. “Ah, the fresh air, the beautiful trees, the panoramic view of the stars above. This can only be one place, Earth. I´ve come a long way.”
So government airship crossed out. It´s alien for sure. 
“Yes it is,” I say. I think I put my foot in my mouth. I should´ve told him that he was on Mars or some other planet, but I didn´t. Who´s this spaceman? And what´s he up to? He doesn´t look like a bad guy, but you never know especially since we´re not from the same planet. Can´t trust this guy. He´s not from around here. What if this alien is here to take humans captive and turn them into slaves. Bye, bye human race. Goodbye planet. If he does take over, it´s all my fault and my name will live in infamy. The first thing that crosses my mind, run. But I´m too scared.  
“What´s your name and where´re you from?” I ask the traveler. 
“You wouldn´t understand,” he answers. 
“Understand what?” I respond. “That you´re here to destroy our planet.”
“My name. You wouldn’t understand my name,” he says. “But you can call me Uriel.”
“Nice to meet you. My name´s Enoch,” I say. “You´re not here to destroy the Earth, are you?”
“No, I´m not,” he responds. “I´m here to help save it.”
He looks right at me. “And you Enoch? You look familiar,” he says. “What planetary system are you from?”
What´s he talking about? He can´t know me. I´m not an extraterrestrial. I´m not from another world. I was born here, on Earth. 
“You´ve clearly got the wrong guy. I might remind you of someone or something, but you definitely don´t know me,” I respond. 
It strikes me that he looks so human. He looks like an adolescent boy only with striking features that´s all. 
“You got anything to eat?” Uriel asks. “I´ve been in my ship for days.”
“Of course I do. I´ll help you into my house,” I say. Don´t know why but he inspires confidence, but then again, I can`t trust him completely. He could be using hypnosis or mind control or something of that sort. He´s not from this world and that´s all I need to know. 
I help him inside but before I do he looks back at his nearly transparent space ship as he commands it to ascend into the clouds. It leaves a light gray trail of smoke in the sky. He calls his vehicle Locust 4. 
Now, I wonder, is this really happening to me? I´ve got a spaceman and I´m making him something to eat. How convenient.
I take him into the kitchen. I don´t know if I should be doing this. What are my parents going to think? The space traveler is still weak as I help him sit down. I´m glad everyone is sound asleep. Luckily for me, I live on one side of the house and they live on the other. I look in the fridge and search its contents. Out of nowhere a little person rushes in. She´s sleepwalking again. Wow, it really scares me when she does that.
“Zada, go back to bed. You´re grounded,” I whisper. She starts to cry as I look over at Uriel. He has a look of intrigue. This must be an interesting situation for him to see. 
“Go on now,” I whisper as I don´t want to wake her. 
“But what did I do?” she asks as her eyes are closed. 
“Nothing,” I respond. 
She stops crying completely as she walks towards her room. “Then, I´m not grounded,” she says as she smiles. 
I look at Uriel again, “I have to tell her that. She invents things in her sleep.” 
I´m just glad she wasn´t entirely awake. She probably would have screamed or panicked or something. Honestly, she probably would have screamed in his ear or bitten him in the arm. Wouldn´t want that, that´s for sure. 
I can´t believe it. I forgot his name. Okay, what´s your name again?” I ask. 
“Uriel,” he says. 
“Okay then Uriel, we´ve got some ham, cheese, turkey and some eggs. What do you say?” I ask. 
“So be it,” he responds. 
This is so easy I think as I prepare him a sandwich. I finish and sit across from him. I try not to stare but it´s a rather difficult task. He looks into his sandwich from time to time. I guess he does that to make sure what the ingredients are. From the look on his face, I´ve made a mighty mean sandwich. He likes it. 
He fixes his strange green eyes on me once again as they begin to radiate. I`ve never seen anything like them before. They are beautiful and exotic. He keeps his stare locked in my direction. 
“What´s up?” I ask. 
He pauses for a few seconds as he holds the last of his sandwich in his hands. He puts it down. “You Earthlings are so predictable and war-like, but you, you are different. I feel something different from you,” Uriel exclaims softly and passionately. 
“Perhaps this is why my vehicle reached out to you. This is why we have crossed paths. No, I´m sure now,” he says. “My ship runs on a magical source. A source your kind has yet to find, but you´re close. It´s a material found only on dying stars. And only I am allowed to use this substance. Only I can pilot my ship.”
He continues to say that one of his brethren built it for him. He calls him a true artist. Locust 4 was built by the artist himself. Each space craft was built specifically for a select driver. 
I don´t think his ship reached out for me at all. I think it finally reached its destination, that´s all. And I was lucky enough to be here. 
I look over at Uriel and I feel like he´s reading my thoughts. 
“Stop doing that,” I tell him. 
Doing what?” he asks. 
“Looking at me like that. It makes me paranoid,” I respond. 
Is he trying to control my mind, my thoughts? If he thinks I´m going to turn on my world, he´s wrong. 
“Your Earth, this planet is in danger. It´s dying and your people don´t care. Your kind has managed to turn on one another. You´ve managed to kill one another. Mankind´s hatred has managed to activate the evil seeds planted here long ago,” the alien says. “I hope the events which are certain to unfold change humanity´s mindset once and for all.”
“What events exactly?” I ask.
“Evolution extinction,” he responds. “The massive population has grown 100 times more than we expected, and yet, after all this time, man´s capacity has stayed the same. Your kind has regressed…universally speaking.” 
Come now. I didn´t think it was that bad. What´s he talking about anyway? Annihilation? That´s such a horrible word to use. I´ve got family, friends. I want to get married, have kids. I´ve got my whole life ahead of me still. 
“I need a platform,” he says. “You must take me to the appropriate channels. I need to speak with the proper authorities.”
I look at the spaceman and I hope everything he is saying is false. I hope it´s all a lie. This sounds preposterous. 
I am like everyone else my age. I don´t really watch the news. I really don´t care for any negative information. I´ve never been able to vote because I´m too young. That leaves people my age without a voice, an identity. We leave the important decisions to our not so popular elected officials. This world we live in doesn´t have much going on in terms of positive things. But hey, what do I know about politics anyway?
What I´ve learned so far is that the space traveler is not good with his choice of words. Evolution extinction, it´s kind of scary, the way it sounds. I´m worried and he can probably sense it. 
“This is a joke right? You´re not from another world? You´re just here to play a practical joke on me? I know, Dante put you up to this, right?” 
He almost looks and feels like a robot. He´s almost entirely expressionless.
“I´m here to protect your world, your kind. I´ve been doing it for quite some time. I´m an Arc and I am part of an interstellar patrol force. Your planet is going to be attacked soon by the Creator´s outlawed weapons. They´ll stop at nothing to take this world and its surrounding quadrant,” Uriel explains. “We must find a way to stop these powerful entities from taking the entire territory.” 
A mysterious green mist comes from his eye sockets. His eyes begin to glow with intrigue. 
“When are you taking me to…your leaders?” he asks.
This could be a trap. He might want me to lead him there to take complete control of everything. 
“I don´t know really,” I respond. 
I´m way in over my head. This is way too much for me to digest 
“I think I need some rest. I need to process this information. You just told me that the world is about to come crashing down,” I add. 
I just want to clear my mind for at least a couple of hours. I wonder what I should do next. I need to disconnect, from everything.
“I´ve got to figure out what I have to do. I´ve got a lot of pressure riding on my soul right now,” I tell him. This is way too crazy for my taste. 
“I need to talk with my dad. He´ll know how to help us,” I tell him. 
“Perfect,” he responds. “Can´t wait to meet this dad of yours.” 
“Hold on, that doesn´t mean he´s going to help you. He might react like I did when I first saw you,” I respond. “Let´s get some rest and talk in the morning.”
We leave the kitchen and I show him to his room. He´s sleeping in my room tonight. He´s falling asleep as he walks in and sees my model airplanes and rockets dangling on strings from the ceiling. They´re everywhere.
“What is this place? Your strategy room? Is this where your battles take shape and form?” 
He looks fascinated by the toy models. He looks up and I turn off the lights. The ceiling is filled with cut out, fluorescent paper stars. He looks captivated but he is too tired to keep his eyes from falling under. He points to a region. “That´s it, where I reside,” he says and then immediately falls asleep thereafter. 
I leave his sleeping quarters and make my way towards the living room couch. I´m busted, totally knocked out. I look at the door to my room from time to time. Is he going to pop out and kill me in my sleep? Probably not, or at least I hope not. I carry a great responsibility on my shoulders. If this alien says who he says he is, I have to help him convince the masses. What happens next I wonder. I can´t keep my eyes open much longer. I slowly fall into a deep sleep. I fade off into my dreams. 
Chapter 2
It´s hard for me to bring myself to sleep, at least comfortably. I´m very tired and I´ve got a very long day ahead of me. It has been a very intense evening and morning. I wake up numerous times during which I am immersed in cold sweats. In one of these episodes in my slumber, I dream that there are others like Uriel as I am transported into their magical realm. They are magnificent and young handsome beings. They are able to soar into the air with their steel-plated wings attached to their shoulder blades. They have unique powers as they look like young warriors in the sky. They patrol the atmosphere of any wrongdoing. The heavens around them are cobalt blue. Everything seems peaceful as they glide through the pure air. There is something wrong as there are patches of dark skies and then a very dark haze begins to consume the panoramic view. There is a rainstorm pouring down around them as I think they can sense a level of danger. The colors in my dream change from a beautiful and magnificent blue to pure darkness. The clouds turn to ash as one by one they are picked out of the sky by an unseen force. Whatever snatched them from the heavens is after me as well. I perceive an evil presence like no other. I have never encountered such malevolence. Danger is approaching and quickly. “I´m coming for you,” I hear and then I wake up. 
What was that? That thing that said it was coming for me? This is getting crazier than I thought, but I understand now, it was only a dream. I want to think it was a message, but from whom? Some hours later, the sun comes shining through the window panes. I´m not able to go back to sleep only I wish I could. It´s morning and I feel like I didn´t sleep much. Within seconds, I hear a female´s voice as whoever it is screams. What an irritating sound so early in the morning. It makes me jump. The voice is familiar but it´s too early to really care. I hear footsteps sprint away from the back patio area. I could´ve sworn it was Danica. Don´t think she would wake up this early, so I rule out the thought. Whoever it is, is racing towards the front lawn. I get up and sit down on the couch. I need some coffee or something to keep my eyelids from closing. I try to focus from the intense sunlight shining through the blinds. I hear another scream. Yep, that´s Danica all right. I look towards the room and there he is, the spaceman in a seated lotus position but floating just above the floor tiles. There is a soft, buzzing sound coming from within his body. He´s in deep meditation mode, I´m sure as he has his eyeballs shut. He opens them and catches me by surprise. “Good morning Enoch,” he says. His eye sockets look like they´re burning as they let out a magical stream of emerald green mist.
Now I remember. I´m supposed to save the world. Right, I totally forgot that part I tell myself sarcastically. Thump, thump, thump. Someone is knocking on my back door. The knocking is getting louder. Whoever it is is knocking very loud and impatiently. They´re going to wake everyone in the house. “Wait here” I tell UrieI. I go to the back porch area. I look outside to see who it is. It could be anyone really. I can´t seem to see the person knocking. Whoever it is must be very close to the door frame. 
“Who is it?” I ask. 
“Open the door,” a female voice responds. It´s Danica. I don´t want to let her in. Not right now at least. I don´t think this is such a good idea. 
“Come back later,” I say. 
“No, open up right now!” she says insistently. I wait a couple of seconds and then open the door. I know this isn´t such a good idea. As I open, she falls right into my arms. She even pushes me back a little. I hope she didn´t see the space traveler but I´m guessing she did. 
She´s so anxious to say something that the words don´t seem to come out.
“Come on. Let it out,” I tell her. “Breathe in, breathe out.”
“I saw a ghost. He´s in your house. It was awesome. He was just floating there,” she says as she is able to breathe finally. 
“Where?” I ask. That´s funny because I never thought my house was haunted. At least no one mentioned it to me before. 
“In the living room,” she adds. 
Busted. She´s seen Uriel. Now what? I´m screwed. Didn´t want her to know. Oh well, it´s too late now. 
“He looks about our age,” she says. 
She looks like she´s lost in the excitement as those dark brown eyes of hers tell the whole story. She did see something but it wasn´t a ghost. That´s for sure. She looks at me again. It´s as if a light bulb has suddenly turns on in her head. I hate it when she gets like that. I wonder what she´s thinking. 
“I´ve got a great idea,” she says. 
Oh no. I knew it. Isn´t that great, she´s got an idea. Don´t like it when she talks like that. Trouble always follows. Her eyes open wide. There´s a sparkle in her smile. Something tells me that I´m not going to like what she is about to say. 
“Let´s communicate with it,” she responds. What a great idea. I already have. And she´s serious too.
Dante rushes in. “Everyone okay?” he asks. He looks at his sister and says, “You take forever.”
He looks at me and gives me his signature bear hug. 
“Who´s that?” he asks as he lets go. 
“Who?” I respond. 
I turn around and see the alien behind me. He went into his meditative state again. He´s hovering just above the floors.
“Uriel, wake up,” I say as I snap my fingers in front of him. I´m sure Dante´s never seen anyone like him before, ever. I´m banking on it.
“That´s him. That´s him. You talk to ghosts?” Danica shouts in excitement. 
“He´s not a ghost,” I respond.   
“He´s pale but he isn´t a ghost,” Dante says. “Who is he? He doesn´t look like he´s from around here. He´s definitely not from school. So then, who is he?” 
Talk about an overprotective brother. I´m not sure what to answer. Don´t want to blow his cover. 
“Why´s he floating in the air like that?” Danica asks.
The spaceman wakes from his trance-like state as he opens his eyes. He startles everyone as he says, “Hello there.” 
He stands up as he realizes he has company. Dante and Danica look at the spaceman and he in turn looks at them. He stares at them with a sense of enthusiasm and exuberance. 
“So these are the people you speak of. They shall help me get my message across,” Uriel says passionately. 
“No Uriel. These are my friends,” I respond. 
I don´t think he´s paying attention. He scans my friends completely from head to toe. I can see the look on my friend´s faces. They are not amused. They probably think he´s joking with them or challenging them with his stare down. 
“Do you really entrust your planet to a couple of younglings?” he asks me. It´s funny because the extraterrestrial doesn´t look any older than any of us.
“I said they´re my friends. Uriel, this is Dante and Danica. Dante, Danica, this is Uriel,” I say as I can feel the steam coming from Dante. I try to diffuse the situation as the spaceman extends his arm to greet Dante and then bows and kisses Danica´s hand. Everything is normal until Uriel´s clothing begins to change. His armored attire is back just the way I found him last night. He shouldn´t have done that. My friends are confused, mind-boggled. They are caught by surprise. Danica takes a swing at Uriel and then another. The alien dodges her punches easily. Why did she do that? What is she thinking? 
“Who are you and what do you want with Enoch?” she asks him as she doesn´t stop ticking. She´s fueled with anger. “He hasn’t done anything to you or to anyone else for that matter…he´s harmless. Take someone else´s soul,” she adds. 
Great, now she thinks he is a demon. Dante comes into play and rushes the extraterrestrial. He throws punch after punch but they too are useless. They bounce right off. He must have some force field protecting his body. The space traveler is virtually impenetrable.
“Stop it guys,” I yell out. I want them to just stop already. They are wasting their time. But they just don´t know when to quit. 
“Come on and take a swing,” Dante tells the alien.
“Come on. Aren´t you going to do anything?” Danica shouts in my direction. “He´s here to take your soul.”
“He´s not here to take anyone´s soul,” I respond. 
Some minutes later my friends look exhausted. And Uriel keeps blocking every punch and kick that comes his way. They´re out of breath.
“Come on guys. Please, sit down already,” I plead as they try to catch their breath.
I point at Uriel as he is vibrant and full of life. He looks like he can go on forever. “This is Uriel and he´s not a demon,” I reassure them. 
“Yeah right. What´d you do? Sell your soul?” Danica responds. 
Should I tell them about last night? About what happened? They probably won´t believe me but I´ll give it a try anyway. I think I can trust them. After all, they are my best friends. 
“Let me start over. This is Uriel,” I tell them. “And I´ll give you a hint.”
“What hint?” Dante asks.
“He´s not from around these parts,” I respond.  
Uriel´s eye sockets explode. The green in his eyes fills the room with majesty. They look like they can´t believe their eyes. I can´t either. “Like I said, he´s not from around here.”
“Where´s he from exactly?” Dante asks.
“Duh, he´s an E.T.,” Danica responds. 
She walks right up to the space traveler and looks him right in the eyes. “They´re beautiful,” she says. Then she whispers back at us, “He isn´t going to eat our brains, is he?” 
“Come on guys. Stop it with the jokes already,” I tell them. I look at Danica dead on, “And no, he´s not going to eat our brains.” I say and then look directly at the spaceman. He looks like he can be trusted. At least I hope so. I mean I hope he doesn´t eat our brains. What´s he here for exactly? Honestly, I´m not sure. And why am I defending him? 
Uriel looks at my friends. He´s cheerful. “Pleased to meet you,” he tells them. 
He´s a real gentleman. They just attacked him and he continues to be friendly. I don´t think we would´ve acted the same. 
“Tell us Uriel. What are you here for exactly?” I ask. Honestly, he wasn´t very specific with me. 
He looks at Dante and Danica and then at me. “I´m here to save your world, your planet and the 7th quadrant,” the alien explains.
I am completely stiff as are Dante and Danica. 
“You´re here to save my world?” Danica asks. “From what exactly?”
They are pale as doves as they process the information. Uriel walks up to Danica and asks, “Can I show you something?”
“What?” she responds.
What´s he up to now? He isn´t going to hurt Danica, is he? 
“Can I touch your skin? I´d like to show you something glorious,” the spaceman adds.
She agrees as she nods her head. Uriel´s hands come up to her face and touch her. The first impact of his touch startles her as she jumps a bit. 
“This is my home world, Xibalba. This is one of the cornerstones of the universe. This is where it all began,” the traveler says as he´s walking her through whatever he wants her to see. He´s guiding her through his magical and mysterious world.
“They´re beautiful,” she says.
“Those are my friends. We are peacekeepers for the entire universe,” he responds. “We´ve been protecting your kind for quite some time. We nearly lost you, your civilization, several times,” he adds. “I´m an Arc.”
Danica´s face says everything. An immense smile seems to cover her face. She´s under a trance-like state or maybe she´s having an out-of-body experience. Whatever the case, she looks happy. Uriel takes his palm off of Danica´s cheekbone and she finally wakes up. Her eyes are double their normal size. I can tell by the look on her face she wants to tell us everything, where she was, how it felt. Whatever she saw, it was magnificent. She was somehow transported to a magical place, that´s for sure. Her face is lit up like I´ve never seen before. He takes his hand off her face and the magic stops. 
“You´re not ready to see the rest. I can´t show you the darker images. We are not an entirely happy family. In every family there´s good and then there´s evil. My siblings will be arriving shortly. Some are good and then there are others…who´ll stop at nothing to suck the life out of your Earth,” Uriel explains. 
Danica seems to be paralyzed with joy as the effects last beyond the alien´s touch. Dante looks at the spaceman and I am guessing that he now believes. I think they both do. My best friend looks at me with a stunned look. He walks away and I´m sure it has to do with his ego, after all, he was our number one protector and bodyguard and now he is just a grain of sand in the multitude of space. 
Danica awakens completely. She looks at Uriel, “That was awesome.” She seems to have been transported to an unknown world where everything is possible. 
“Guys, it was beautiful. His world, his people,” she tells us. 
“Xibalba, yes indeed,” Uriel cuts in.
Danica´s eyes light up the room. I´m anxious to hear more. What I really want to do is see for myself but I don´t think I´ll be given the chance. 
“It was truly unbelievable,” she says.
“Stop rubbing it in,” I respond. 
I look over at Uriel and now I know for sure, he´s not from this world. I saw his space ship, well sort of, his flashing eyes. He´s not the usual type, I mean he´s not human, anatomically speaking he probably has many features that resemble our species, but I bet there´s more to his physiology than meets the eye. And now, he´s somehow, transported Danica into another world. Okay, I´m definitely a believer now. And I´m sure Dante and Danica are as well. They show no more resistance or aggression. No doubt about it, this is the real deal. We´re in the room with a bona fide extraterrestrial.
We sit at the kitchen table but there is no exchange of words. Everyone is silent. It´s nearly 9AM and it´s a beautiful day outside judging from the incoming rays of light. There are footsteps coming from my parent´s side of the house. 
“Just act casual,” I tell everyone. “Keep it cool.”
“So did you hear about the UFO that landed near Washington DC a couple of days ago?” Danica asks. 
“Not that, anything but that,” I tell her. 
How are my parents going to react? The first to float in is my dad. He still looks like he is half-asleep with his tiny little eyes. “Dad, wake up,” I tell him.
“What does it look like I´m doing?” he says. 
“You look like you´re half-asleep or very tired Mr. Sotheby,” Danica says. 
“Shut up,” Dante and I yell in unison. He walks in with his V-neck shirt and pajama pants on. 
“What are you guys doing here anyway?” he asks Dante and Danica. “I mean, it´s so early in the morning. Aren´t you supposed to be getting over a hangover or something?” 
I look at everyone in the room and it seems like someone is out of place. Okay, I just woke up. Dante and Danica are dressed casual and very nice. And Uriel, well he´s dressed like…well…a spaceman. He´s going to get me into a lot of trouble and sooner than I thought. Wonder how my dad´s going to react when he sees him clearly? My dad looks in our direction once again as he adjusts his lenses. There´s somebody clearly out of place.
“Uriel, your clothing,” I whisper.
“Oh yeah, right,” he responds. 
“Is he a friend of yours?” my dad asks as he practically puts his eyeballs on the alien. 
Uriel begins to change into something more comfortable, but it´s exactly what I´m wearing. 
“Did I see right? How´d you do that?” my dad asks. 
“Do what? I didn´t see anything,” Danica responds. 
“The clothes thing. I could´ve sworn he was wearing something else,” he responds. 
“I was,” the alien responds. “Enoch told me to change.”
Why did he have to start now? I didn´t even get to explain. Uriel keep your mouth shut, please. 
“Did one of you slip something into my O.J.?” my dad asks everyone. 
“What´s your name anyway?” my dad asks him.
“My name´s Uriel and I can change back if you´d like,” Uriel responds. 
“Into what?”
“Into this,” he responds.
In an instance he changes back to his body armor, emblem and all. My dad´s jaw drops to the ground. I think he thinks he´s hallucinating or something. He rubs his eyes in disbelief.
“You guys went to one of them raves, didn´t you?” my dad says. 
“No dad, he came to visit,” I tell him.
“I´m not from here Mr. Sotheby,” Uriel says.
Oh no, he´s going to think the spaceman´s crazy or something. It´s too early in the morning. What´s he going to think about Uriel? I put my head down. I don´t want to see anyone´s face. I just want to disappear. 
“You are the one Enoch calls Dad, right?” he asks. 
My dad bursts into laughter. “Yep, I´m the one he calls Dad. Only that´s not my real name,” he responds. He looks around the room and adds, “you guys definitely did something, that´s for sure. 
“Well then, you will take me to the masses, won´t you?” the alien says as he almost sounds like a robotic instrument. 
I´ve had enough of this already. Let me introduce him already. What else am I supposed to do? I found him, he´s my responsibility. And he needs our help. I take my face off the kitchen table. “Dad, this is Uriel and no he isn´t some sort of weirdo and he doesn´t go to raves either. That´s not why he´s dressed like that,” I tell him as I try to catch up with my thoughts. 
It´s not every day that things like this happen. “He´s here to help us. I don´t mean our family. He´s not an insurance agent. I mean the world,” I say. There I finished already. 
“I knew that son. He´s a bit too young to be an insurance agent. Just spit it out already,” my dad says. 
“He´s an alien and I don´t mean an illegal immigrant. He´s from another world,” I respond. “He needs to be heard urgently.”
“What does he do?” my dad asks.
“He´s not a toy, dad,” I respond. “Can you help him? Do you know anyone who can?”
My mom comes into the kitchen with Jianna in her arms. She looks like a zombie. She´s still half asleep as she kisses me on the cheek and says, “Hello,” to everyone. She grabs my little sister´s baby food and just like that, she walks right out again. The look on my dad´s face is of sheer excitement. It helps that he´s an avid science fiction fan. I´m sure he´s as excited as I am.
“This is amazing. A real life alien in my house. Let me get the camera,” my dad says. He runs up to his room. Haven´t seen him run that fast since I was in little league. He comes right back down. It´s almost as if he teleported back. 
“Alright now. Everyone gather around,” he says as he snaps picture after picture. 
“Stop it already. He´s not a freak show,” I say. “He needs our help. This isn´t helping.” The alien´s eyes begin to pulsate once again. My dad gets right next to him again. He looks at him as if he were a famous musician or actor or something. 
“Wow,” is the only word he uses to describe his reaction. It´s the only word that comes out of his mouth.
My mom comes back into the kitchen. “We´ve got an alien in our house. Incredible now, isn´t it?” she says. 
She comes right up to him as she still looks half asleep, “He looks like a guy who goes to raves,” she says. 
My dad must´ve told her when he went for his camera upstairs. I think my parents are making him feel strange. 
“Mom, Dad, stop it already. We´ve got to get him to someone important. someone who´ll get him to Washington in front of all those politicians,” I tell them. “He´s here on big business.”
“Oh yeah. Something about saving the world,” my mom says. 
I begin by explaining everything, the encounter, the spaceship and the upcoming plans for global domination.  
After our chat, my dad comes up with an idea. “I met someone last summer, New York City, involved in human rights and all those sorts of things. His name´s Cagney, Senator Cagney. I think I got his number right here in my cell phone,” my dad says. “Let me check.”
While he´s fiddling with his phone, Danica sits next to Uriel and stares relentlessly into his eyes. She´s mesmerized. She looks like a little girl whose been shot by one of Cupid´s arrows. I´ll admit, he´s rather handsome, but he is from another planet. But how has he been protecting our planet, this zone for so many years? He doesn´t look a day over sixteen. And he´s so fit, he could be a fitness model. 
I ask Dante, “Where´re you guys headed off to anyway?”
“DC,” he responds.
“For?” I ask. 
“The after party,” he responds.
“So that means Finley´s going to be there?” I ask again hoping he´s not. 
“Yep, it´s his party,” he responds.
My dad interrupts. “This is his phone number, I mean, his office phone,” he says as he jots it down on a piece of paper. “His office´s in Washington DC.”
“Perfect dad. We´ll take him,” I say.
“Take him where?” he responds. “You´re not going anywhere. This could get dangerous.”
“But dad?”
“Don´t even think about it,” he responds. 
I look outside the blinds hoping my dad will change his mind. I could have the time of my life. I should be having the time of my life. I want to get out of here. This alien´s going to have a tough time getting his message across without me.
I go to the window again and look outside. I let the sun´s rays soak into my face as I open the blinds completely. It´s a spectacular day out. It´s nice and sunny with puffy clouds everywhere. It´s noisy out as well. What´s going on? Sounds like helicopter blades. 
I look out and see a military chopper, and then another and another. Wonder what they´re up to? In a matter of seconds we´re surrounded by them.
“Guys, something´s going on outside,” I tell everyone. My dad rushes to the door as we hear, “thump, thump, thump.”
“Mr. and Mrs. Sotheby open the door. You´re harboring something that belongs to the US government,” a voice yells out through a bull horn. 
I look at Uriel. “You´re property of the US government?” I ask him. 
“I am no one´s property, I am, as I said, from Xibalba,” he responds.
“So you don´t know anything about this?” Dante asks him. He nods his head “no”. 
They tear down the door. Uriel pulls out his hand. He does something because in that instance everything is in slow motion. Except us that is. We´re moving normally or at least I guess so, but the government agents with their fancy, heavy artillery machine guns are moving very, very slow. It´s as if time is at a standstill. 
“We´d better get going,” Uriel says. 
“You guys go. We´ll stay here,” my dad says. 
“You sure that´s a good idea?” Danica says. 
“They won´t bother us. They´re looking for him,” my dad says about the space traveler. He puts his hand on my shoulder. “Enoch, I´m letting you go but you get back in one piece.”
“Okay dad. Will do,” I respond.
“Is that understood,” he says.
“Yes sir,” I respond like a private in the army. 
We begin to walk around the armored guards as they are all around us. They hardly move at all. 
“And Enoch,” my dad says. “I´m proud of you.”
“Thanks Dad. Love you mom. Love you dad,” I respond as I walk out the front door without being detected. “Take care of my sisters for me.”
Dante, Danica, Uriel and I rush into Dante´s car. He floors it leaving tread marks on the front lawn. 
“Hope your dad doesn´t kill me for that,” Dante says as he drives off. There are military aircraft everywhere. Soldiers on the ground and government agents everywhere. They can´t see us but we can see them. It´s almost like we´re looking at a picture frame. I just hope they don´t do anything to my family. I would imagine we are invisible and we should be careful as we drive off onto the highway. 
“That was awesome,” Danica says. “Can you help me pass all my exams?” she looks at the alien. “You know, you just stand there in the middle of class while I get all the answers,” she adds.
Uriel stares back at her.
“You take things too personal,” she says. “Please, just make everyone around me invisible. I´ve got an exam per week more or less. It´s not much,” she begs him.
“Stop it already. He´s not here to make our lives easier. He´s here to save the world,” I tell her in hopes she´ll stop.
“You could probably help me with my football career,” Dante says. 
“Oh, you too,” I respond.
I look over to my left and Uriel´s just sitting there. He´s staring up at the sky. He looks like he´s absorbing the sun´s rays. 
Just a couple of days ago, I was sitting in a classroom trying to figure out what I wanted to be, what I wanted to do with my life. Now, I´m doing something I would have never dreamed of. I look up front and watch Dante and Danica as they play with each other and call each other names. And me, I´m just dreaming. Where will this alien lead us? Is the world about to end? Will more people know me when this is all said and done? Will I be more popular at school? Wow, imagine that, popularity. I can only imagine that word. All my life, I´ve been living in the shadows of two of the most important people in my life, and they´re right in front of me.
“Do you think your parents are okay?” Danica asks. 
“I sure hope so,” I respond. 
“You have nothing to fear. I erased their memories. They don´t remember anything about me,” Uriel explains.
“Where´re we headed to now?” I ask. “We´ve got no place to go.”
“Not true,” Dante responds as he adjusts the rear-view mirror. “We´ve got the Andreiv estate.”
“You mean Finley´s house? You can´t be serious?” I say. 
First thing I think about is how I can´t stand that guy. He´s the biggest jerk I´ve ever known. I´ll never forget the first time I met him. It was in the sixth grade. I remember it perfectly. I remember it well. We were at recess. I was playing dodge ball and I got knocked to the ground. A shadow hung over me. “Can we play?” Finley asked as he took the ball away from me. I got up and I used my hands to clean away the dust on my shirt and pants. 
“Sure, I guess so. Why not?” I respond. 
“Come on guys,” he yelled at his very bulky young friends. They looked a lot older than the kids I played with. They came in and pushed me aside. I remember thinking, this is not going to be very fun. They targeted me at every corner for about half an hour. The only person who saved me from that dreadful day was Dante as he came outside. 
And that was my first encounter with Finley. And it wasn´t the last. Many others followed. Every time I walked through a hallway and saw him I hid or walked the other way. I didn´t want to get bullied around.
It wasn´t till we got to high school that he changed, a tad bit. Guess it was because I was bigger and no so scrawny like before. 
I really don´t want to go. “Guys, we´ve got a spaceman. We can´t just go and party,” I tell them. 
“Why not? Let´s have some fun,” Danica responds. “We deserve it. We´re doing something dangerous and challenging, aren´t we?”
“Yeah Enoch. Besides, no one will ever think of looking for us there,” Dante says. 
A sign on the highway says, “Welcome to Washington DC.” Might as well be called Washington Dark City, the city where all your nightmares come true, Finley and all. 
“And besides, it´s Sunday. Not a single politician works the weekend,” Dante adds. 
Something tells me I´m going to regret this. “All right already. All right,” I say. I agree to the worst time of my life. I know I´m going to have a bad time. Always do with that punk. I wouldn´t go but where else can we stay? And the guy´s loaded and we definitely don´t have the money to stay at a hotel, let alone a motel. 
“One thing, do you think they´ll arrest us if they find us?” Danica asks. 
I look at the spaceman, his eyes glowing and his impatience growing. 
“I don´t know. There´s got to be a reason they´re looking for him,” I say. “The government doesn´t just come looking for you for nothing. So I´m pretty sure they´ll arrest us.”
“Honestly, right now I really don´t care. I just want to party,” Dante says. “Everyone´s there. You name the person, they´re there.”
“How soon till we get to our destination?” Uriel asks. 
“A couple of more days,” I respond. “You´re going to have to keep it low.”
“We are running out of precious time. As we speak, the dark army, their troops are marching into the quadrant. They will light up the cosmos if they deem fit,” Uriel explains.
“Alright guys. Enough is enough. Let´s get ready to party and forget about the end of the world for a while,” Dante says. 
“I love that word,” Danica says. “Yes, and finally, the after party.”
All I can think about is when will this day finally end. 
Chapter 3
While in Washington DC, my thoughts are elsewhere as I´m distracted by the beautiful and incredibly powerful sights in the area. We make a pass at the Capitol Building. We get off and grab a bite to eat as we sit atop of the steps of the Lincoln Memorial. These places look different to me somehow. It is because we are harboring an alien? These places are unique symbols of greatness and prestige. They´ve lasted quite some time. And what I notice is that everywhere I look the city`s impeccable. Danica´s cell phone rings as the music on the car stereo is full blast. 
“It`s Finley. Turn it down,” she says.
Great, if it isn´t my favorite person yet again. Does anyone else think like I do? I mean he´s the biggest jerk on the planet and he hides the fact with his money. My mind wanders off as I begin to daydream. It´s a beautiful day. Sunny skies, warm weather. I´m in an arena and I´m pitted against him. We are dressed like gladiators. He grabs a sword off the floor and the only thing near me is a shield. He comes charging at me with all his might and I move back. I look everywhere as he connects with the shield over and over again. It weighs a ton or at least it feels that way as I cover as much of my body as I can. 
“I´m going to kill you,” he screams.
“Go ahead and keep trying,” I scream back. 
Finally, I see a weapon, a spear. I reach for it as it feels like I am holding up a very heavy man with this useful shield. I grab the spear off the ground and then thrust it forward. Everything stops. The shield is lighter than before. I don´t know what happened. I put the shield down, but cautiously. I look at the tip of the spear as it´s covered in blood. The sight of it shocks me. What did I do? I throw it down into the dusty floor. I look over and see Finley lying in his own pool of blood. At first, my reaction is of sorrow, but then I realize he´s gone forever. I did it. He´s gone. He can´t bother me anymore. But I killed him, I think. What have I done? This is wrong.
Danica wakes me up, “Earth to Enoch. Snap out of it,” she says as she snaps her fingers in my face. It felt so real. I killed Finley. Do I really hate him that much? I got rid of him, if not in real life, in my dream.
She´s holding up her cell phone. “He wants to know if you can bring something,” she tells me. 
“Yeah, no problem,” I respond. 
Danica talks to him for a few more seconds and then hangs up. “So what are you guys bringing?” I ask them. 
“He´s got us covered,” Dante responds. 
Great, why is it that I´m the only one bringing something? Like always. Same old Finley. He´ll never change. 
“You don´t like this Finley guy, do you?” Uriel says as he turns to me. 
“How can you tell?” I say.
“It´s written all over your face,” he responds.
“He´s just some guy at school who thinks he can move people with his money,” I tell him. “He´s all right. He´s all right,” I add as I´m lying through the skin of my teeth. I hope that the space traveler can´t or doesn´t read my thoughts. 
He says nothing more. He just looks away back out the window. He´s so stiff. He´s like a human robot, a cyborg. I look at his clothing and realize he´s not dressed for the party. He´s not ready for our world and we´re probably not ready for him. He´s still wearing his space suit. 
“You can´t wear that. Your outfit,” I tell him. “You´ve got to look like one of us.” 
Uriel looks over at me and scans my clothing. He duplicates my clothes. It´s amazing because he´s wearing the same clothing that I am. 
“Do I fit the part?” the traveler asks. 
“Oh please, we can´t be wearing the same clothing,” I respond. 
That´s one of the biggest sins for any high school kid. We wear the same thing and I´ll be the laughing stock at school all year round. 
“You´ve got to look different,” I tell him. “Look at the billboards, that might help.” 
He fixes his eyes overhead and looks at the advertisements. He´s probably wondering which one to pick. They´re all fashionable. There are so many styles to choose from. 
“That one,” he points his finger at. In seconds, his armor becomes a black suit. He looks like a very young government agent. 
“How do I look now?” he asks. 
“A little too formal but that´ll do,” I respond. At least he doesn´t look like he traveled millions of miles to get here. 
We arrive at Finley´s estate, well, his father´s, that is. It´s enormous. It looks bigger than the White House. There´s glamour written all over it. Wonder how much money it costs to land one of these? He´s loaded. Being the son of the richest man alive does have its perks. There are Bentley´s, Mercedes Benz´s, BMW´s, Aston Martin´s, you name it, they´re parked here in front of his mansion. Looks like there are hundreds of people here already. 
Danica checks herself in her compact mirror case. Dante checks his hair with the rear-view mirror. “Everyone ready?” he asks. 
“I´m ready,” Danica says as the car doors open at almost the same time. 
Before I exit I look at Uriel. “Gotta cover them eyes. Here, you´re going to need these,” I tell the alien. “These are my shades.” 
He grabs them from my hands and puts them on. We get out and there´s security everywhere. Big, bulky guards, they almost emulate Finley´s signature trademark, a bully. Danica walks in front of me and I can´t help to look at that tightly fit body of hers as she moves entirely to a different rhythm. I try not to stare too much. She´s really cool and hot, two traits you don´t find in many women her age. But I´m sure she wouldn´t give me the time of day, so stop already, I tell myself. 
Dante converts himself into someone he´s not. I know because I´ve known him all my life. He´s popular, but sometimes he thinks it´s part of his persona. I think he thinks he needs to act up to a certain standard. That´s what high school does to some people, I guess. 
And then I look over at Uriel. He´s a whole different story. He almost looks like a very young hit man. He parts his hair to the side as he almost looks like a male model. He looks the part entirely. He also looks like a rebel, someone you wouldn´t mess with but I still wonder how he´ll be received at the party. 
We come up to the huge double doors. Dante rings the doorbell. And then a second time. Seconds later, the door opens automatically as the music practically pours out of the house. Some people walk out of the house and we walk right in. Within seconds, Finley spots us. He grabs Danica by the waistline and gives her a hug and then a kiss on her cheek. He´s definitely interested in her, that´s for sure. Now, is she? I hope not. He comes up to Dante and gives him a warm hug. He greets the space traveler with a hand-shake. 
“Who is he?” Finley asks about the alien.
“He´s from another high school. His name´s Uriel. They dress up like that all the time,” Dante responds.
“Yeah, they make him dress like that,” Danica adds. 
Great choice of words. That was good thinking but Finley seems to scan the extraterrestrial from head to toe. He seems to be impressed by his attire. 
Uriel turns to Finley and says, “And no, I´m not going to eat anyone´s brains,” as he strolls on by. 
The bully laughs. I don´t know what that means. Sometimes I just don´t know the meaning of laughter especially when we´re in high school. It could be a good sign but sometimes a bad one. It could either be when someone likes you or when someone is going to stab you in the back. Luckily for us, I´m guessing it´s meaningless laughter.
Finley, blonde, bulging biceps and a California tan, he has it all, except, in my opinion, brains. He looks over at me, “Did you bring what I asked for?” 
He´s just plain rude and, of course, he doesn´t like me. Never has. I hand him over what I brought. 
“Great,” he responds and walks off without saying hello or anything. It´s as if I´m not there. 
The house is immense. It looked big from the outside but it´s even bigger on the inside. Wow, what a place. There are people everywhere. I didn´t know we had so many people at school. And there are people I´ve never seen before in my life. They´ve got to be from other schools. Let me not forget about the help and the bodyguards. This guy´s got a lot of money but it isn´t until you step into his house that you realize it´s a lot more than anyone could imagine. There are priceless works of art, statues, fancy chandeliers, everything, state of the art. 
It´s an amazing home. This is where the attitude comes from, his father, the wealthiest man alive, Yusep Andreiv. Although he keeps a low profile he is talked about in every corner of the globe. 
I look around and then it hits me. I feel like I´m stranded on an island filled with people I have nothing in common with. I´m out of place. Dante and Danica fit right in perfectly. 
I then stand next to Uriel and hope he doesn´t do anything to blow our cover. Dante moves away as he starts to talk to the intellects, at least, they think they are. I honestly think they´re just snobs. Finley takes Danica by the hand but before he does, she smiles at me. And Uriel, what can I say about him? He´s a human pick-up machine. He´s got beautiful women all around him. He´s got them wrapped around his finger and he´s not even trying.
“Where´re you from?” one of them asks. 
“I´m not from around here,” he responds as he sounds mysterious even to me. 
She comes right up to him and tries to seduce him. He doesn´t even flinch. Guess she likes that because she gets closer to him. She´s using her hair, her eyes and even her lips. “Where´re you from then?” she asks again.
It´s as if he´s being interrogated in front of a mob of women and they all desperately want to be with him. 
“I´m from Xibalba,” he responds. 
Oh great Uriel, tell them everything. Tell them you´re from another world. Tell them you´re here to save our planet. Come on. Go ahead. 
“Where´s that exactly?” another pretty woman asks. 
“1st quadrant,” he responds. 
“In the US? I didn´t know we had quadrants. I thought they called them states,” she answers back giggling. 
“Who cares? I´ll show you where I´m from,” she adds as she kisses him in the lips. 
This looks like a scene from a movie. Uriel, at this party, you´re a star. Even if he did tell them where he was from, they probably wouldn´t have a clue. Yeah, they´re sexy, but they´re not at all bright.
They are truly mesmerized but I still think he looks out of place. He looks awkward in his movements. I wonder what he thinks of us, the human race. Does he think we´re shallow and somewhat contradictory in our ways of thinking? Hope not. I mean I can think it but it doesn´t mean he has to. I mean, the biggest problem for us is that we choose sides. We want to belong to a particular group or click. It´s either you´re Democrat or Republican. You´re either conservative or liberal. And I ask myself, why can´t we be both? Why can´t we come up with a middle ground to iron out our differences? Black or white? Can´t we meet somewhere in the middle? 
My mind wanders, drifts off into the crowds of people. Is this what life is all about? Why am I here in the first place? Is it to really save these people? Most of them are socialites who´ve probably never raised a finger in their lives. I think I´m daydreaming as my mind is fixed to one spot in particular. The entire world depends on me, on us. And I find myself here at some worthless party. This could quite possibly be an end of the world party. Why am I here? I don´t belong here.
I look over at Danica and she gestures, “Are you okay?” She´s sitting with a demon. Now that´s a demon if I ever saw one. He uses his loser qualities to wow the crowd. The crowd around him is so pretentious as they laugh at anything he says. I´m sure he is making fun of someone. Wonder who today´s victim will be? He loves to put people down, it´s his hobby, I´m sure. He loves to steamroll people when they are at their weakest point. Danica what do you see in that guy? What does everyone see in that guy? 
“I´m okay,” I tell her as she looks like she understands me through all of the surrounding noise. 
People only want to see what they want to see. They see his money and wealth. They become blinded by his shallow and meaningless world. Without his wealth, he´s nothing. 
I look over at Dante. I like his command for words. He dominates most conversations with his intellect. His charisma outshines the bunch of losers he´s surrounded by. He´s well versed and he knows about everything. He´s been that way since we were in elementary school together. He´s too much for his surroundings. He might as well be talking to the wall, it would make for a better listener. 
My eyes wander back to Danica. Am I being too overprotective? Is she okay around my archrival? Right now, they are alone as the crowd has dispersed. He´s a muscle head. 
She´s trying to have a meaningful conversation but he´s just fixed on one thing, her body. I can tell. I bet he hasn´t heard a word she´s said. He doesn´t look at all interested in a word she has said. He wants one thing and one thing alone. It has something to do with her body. 
A familiar face walks right in front of my face. She stands there, “Enoch, it´s me, Jacinta, Jacinta Flowers. Remember me? Haven´t seen you in a while,” she says.
“Hey, what´s up? Yeah, it´s been a long time. What school are you in now?” I ask her. “What´s new?” 
In elementary school she picked her boogers, she didn´t smell very good and everyone made fun of her because of her nappy hair. “I´m not in high school anymore. I´m at the University now. Just started,” she responds. 
She was always very smart. I´m glad to hear the news. “That´s awesome,” I tell her. “Congratulations.”
I continue to look in the vicinity of Danica as I hope that guy doesn´t try anything stupid with her. “You seem to have your eyes fixed on the same girl as usual. Danica, you´ve been crazy about her since I can remember,” Jacinta tells me. 
“No I haven´t. I´m just making sure that creep doesn´t touch her, that´s all,” I respond. 
Jacinta, after being picked on all of those years, is now a model and probably one of the best looking girls at school. Good for her. How things change. Reason why she even talks to me is because I didn´t care what she looked like back in the day and right now I don´t either. She´s got all the other guys crazy though. I think it has something to do with the way they treated her in the past. Guess she can´t forget how they tormented her when she was a child. They used to call her names and now she´s the one with the last laugh. She´s got the other boys wrapped around her finger. She makes them do whatever she wants them to. But she´s not a bad girl, deep inside, I know the real her. She´s the same girl I used to play with at recess. Oh, how the tables turn when you mature and your body starts to change. 
Have you seen Dante?” she asks me.
“Yeah, he´s over there talking to the wall,” I respond as he is surrounded by his football friends. 
“Oh, yeah, I forgot. Mr. Popularity, wonder if he´d ever give me the time of day?” she responds. 
“You like Dante?” I ask. “That´s great. Then why don’t you two hook up already?”
“I´ve liked him forever. He´s simply irresistible. He´s got it all but I think I intimidate him for some reason,” she says. 
Well if you look at what she used to look like before as compared to now, I guess anyone would be. She´s always been a nice girl but now she´s in command and she´s got a lot of presence. She knows what she wants and she´s pretty smart too. 
“You know, you really should tell her already,” Jacinta says.
“Tell her what?” I ask. 
“About how you feel about her,” she responds.
I look around and she´s gone. Danica´s run off. Where´d she go off to? 
“Excuse me,” I tell Jacinta as I walk past her. 
And Finley´s gone too. I look at the beautifully adorned white staircase and I see Finley´s leading her upstairs. This place is packed with people which makes it difficult to follow them. There are more people at the party than before. Finley, if you touch her I don´t know what I´m going to do. 
I make my way upstairs as I follow their tracks. I walk into several rooms and interrupt several strange happenings. 
“Sorry,” I say as I open one after the other. 
There´re a lot of passionate scenarios in these rooms. Some I´d rather forget than remember. Where could they possibly be? I check door after door until I come up to one that´s locked. I put my ear to the door. Is this where he´s led her? I´m worried she´ll do something she´ll regret later on. Wait, I hear something. I hear a female´s voice as she babbles on and I think I hear a guy in there as well. I´ve got to pay close attention. I don´t want anything to happen to Danica. 
A couple of seconds later, I hear nothing. Could they be doing something? I´m not going to take any chances. 
I hear the female voice scream. I have no choice now. I´ve got to do something. It could be her. I look at the door frame in front of me and I hope I can break it down. Here goes nothing. I kick the door as hard as I can and to my surprise, I knock it down with one solid kick. 
There she is and that thug is hurting her. 
“You´re hurting me. I can´t breathe. Get off of me,” she screams. 
She´s punching and kicking him but it´s no use. He´s too big a guy. He´s got her pinned down to the carpeted floor. 
I rush the bully. I grab his face, anything I can. He throws me aside and says, “Get lost.”
Then he gets on top of me. “I´m going to show you never to mess with me,” he says as his large frame is over mine. 
He throws punch after punch and I dodge as many as I can. I have to admit he´s pretty strong. If he kicks my butt, so be it. At least he´s not on Danica. At least I kept him from doing her any harm. This may hurt but I´m not going to surrender. I´ll admit, I´m kind of tired of dodging his punches and he´s twice my size. Wonder how much more of this I can take? In an instance I see him cock his arm backwards. I have a feeling this is going to hurt, real bad. As a matter of fact, I know it´s going to hurt. I can feel the impact even before he touches my face. I´m going to close my eyes now and hope for a miracle. I wait some seconds and open them again. What happened? I didn´t feel a thing. I didn´t feel the severity of that punishing strike. I was waiting to find myself in the hospital or something like that. I look up and he´s still on top of me, his eyes open. And then he falls over to my left. Behind him is Danica as she looks relieved. She´s standing over me with a cane in her hand. She hit him with it. She did it. She saved me from sudden death. 
He tries to get up as he mumbles something. I´m not sure what he said. 
Danica gets next to him. She asks, “Are you okay?”
“Yeah, I´m okay,” Finley answers.
What´s she doing? What´s she thinking? He could´ve done anything to her. something bad could´ve occurred. 
She grabs the cane again and hits him again. “I said, are you okay?” she asks angrily. 
He can´t speak and what´s worst, I think I heard something break. It was either something in his head or the cane cracked. 
She hits him another time but only harder. “This one is for me,” she says.
“And this one´s for Enoch,” she says as she hits him yet another time. 
“Let´s get out of here,” she tells me. 
We walk towards the door. “I forgot something,” she says. 
“What now? Your purse?” I ask.
She grabs a beautiful vase from the dresser. It must be worth a fortune. “No I forgot this,” she adds.
“Come on Danica. You´re not going to steal that thing, are you?” I ask. 
“No. I´m not. I´ve got a better idea,” she says. She hits him yet another time but I´m sure he felt that one the most. “And that my dear, is for the next girl you try that with,” she says.  
“Thanks Enoch,” she tells me. 
“For what? I didn´t do anything,” I respond. 
She looks at me straight in the face. Her look is sincere. I´ve never seen her eyes glow like that before. She grabs me by the hand. “Come on. Let´s get out of here,” she tells me. “This idiot definitely needs his beauty rest,” she says. 
We run from the room as fast as we can. We make our way through the scores of people. I look in front of me and realize that my female friend has impressed me beyond belief. She makes me feel star struck. That was the most impressive thing a woman´s ever done for me before. I don´t know what happened but I find her more attractive all of a sudden. Wait a minute. Get a grasp on things. She´s my best friend, nothing more. She´s Dante´s little sister. Get back to your senses. It´s just she looks different now. She makes me feel something else for her. I can´t explain it. I can´t explain what´s going through my head. 
She looks amazing as I watch her tightly fit body in front of me. She weaves through the crowd as her hair is tied back in a pony-tail. It makes her look even more interesting to me. Wow, what´d she do to me. Think, Enoch, think. Earth to Enoch. Earth to Enoch. 
Right now, the world seems as if it is moving at a different speed. She´s saying something but I can´t quite capture her words. Maybe I don´t want to. She runs into a young man wearing a very expensive and tailor made suit. He´s older than we are and he looks very familiar as well. He´s a pretty strong guy with a sophisticated and intriguing look.
“Sorry,” Danica says as we continue through the crowd.
I look back as we pass the mysterious gentleman. He seems to eyeball me but it could be my imagination. 
“Excuse us,” I say as we pass him by. “Sorry,” I add. 
We get up to where Dante and the space man are. “Finley tried to have his way with me,” Danica tells her brother. 
“He tried to do what?” Dante says as he seems to be getting angrier by the second. “Where is he?”
“I don´t know. Let´s just get out of here,” she responds. 
“I said where is he?” I can´t restrain him. I don´t think anyone can. He´s like a ticking time bomb. 
I see a crowd has gathered around us. They´re Finley´s boys. All twelve of them. They look angry and aggressive as they all cross their muscular arms. I think this party´s coming to an end. I don´t know why, but I think we´re headed for a beat down. Those guys aren´t going to let us past them. 
And there he is again, the guy in the pinstripe suit. What does he want? And why does he keep looking at me that way? He´s sophisticated but has a rather intense look about him. It´s almost scary. Where have I seen him before? Where? His face looks awfully familiar. 
“Who´s he?” I ask Danica. 
“He´s the same guy I ran into. Don´t you remember?” Danica responds.
“I remember. But who is he?” I ask again. 
“The richest man alive. You know, Finley´s dad,” she says. 
How could I forget his face? Billionaire playboy, government projects, you name it it´s got his name on it. Now I remember and I remember him well although he looks different in person. Must be the make-up on television. Makes him look more colorful and less scary looking.
“Let´s just go,” Danica insists as we´re trying our hardest to restrain her brother. Finley and his dad don´t resemble each other very much. Only thing they both have is their muscular frames. They look like fitness buffs. Finley comes racing downstairs.
“Get them,” he screams as his friends, or thugs, or whatever you want to call them, look like they´re raging on steroids. They attack us from every angle. Dante swings away, Danica grabs a bottle from a coffee table and uses it as a knife against her aggressors. And I try to do whatever I can to help them. 
There´re too many of them. We can´t win. No way in the world. I see Finley making his way downstairs as he´s got a pack of ice on his head. He´s talking to his dad. His father grabs him and throws him towards us. He wants him to get involved, forcefully. I guess he wants his son to show him what he´s made of. This is insane. What´re we going to do? We´re holding them off but for how long? We can´t keep this up forever. Dante grabs chairs and practically anything he can find and hurls them at our aggressors. I guess he´s hoping to slow them down but there are too many. Finley comes walking towards us. He walks through everyone. He comes up to Danica as I think he´s going to do her harm but he doesn´t. 
“I´m not going to do anything to you sweetheart. I´m going to hit you where it hurts the most,” he says as he waltzes by. “And then I´m coming back for you.”
He strolls towards Dante as he takes on three thugs at the same time. Finley´s going to sucker punch him. 
Finley comes right on top of Dante but before he takes any action he looks at his dad, almost as if he is looking for approval. Dante´s trying to stay alive hitting and swinging at everyone that comes nears him. His back is turned to the bully. Finley´s going to hit him in the back. I have to do something fast.
“No,” I shout as I make my way towards him. I´m not going to let that guy touch my best buddy. My adrenaline is in overdrive. 
“Hey,” I yell at Finley as I come at him. I catch him by surprise as I clock him in the jaw. The expression on his face says it all, he´s furious. 
“Oh, oh,” I say as he comes after me. At least I did my job. I got him off Dante´s back. I duck and wait for the worst. I wait for the beating of my life. I can´t see anything on top of me. I close my eyes and hope for the best. Hope it doesn´t hurt that much. I wait some seconds and nothing. I think he´s waiting for me to come up for air or something. I can´t stay in this position forever. I open my eyes and notice the lights around me have significantly dimmed. They begin to flicker. Is this what it feels like when someone knocks you out? Am I unconscious? I come up from my crouched position and there he is, frozen in time. Finley like I´ve never seen him before. He looks like a raging lunatic. I look over at Uriel and he extends his hand. 
“Come with me,” the alien says. 
We run for the door as everyone has stopped their movements around us. Dante and Danica have joined us. 
A mysterious figure looms over the doorway. He blocks our path. It´s Yusep, Finley´s father as he is unaffected by Uriel´s time motion power. How did he do that? Finley´s dad can´t be one of the Arcs or can he? 
“Who are you?” he asks the alien. 
There goes. I thought right. They don´t know each other. He hesitates to answer. He takes great caution, I can see it in his face. 
“I´m Uriel. And who are you?” he responds. “How do you have our technology?”
Yusep responds by laughing and then he explains, “An old friend of yours gave it to me.”
“You mean,” Uriel asks but is quickly cut off by the billionaire. “Yes,” he says.
Okay, now who are we talking about here? What´s going on? And it sounds like they are talking in codes. Is there something I should know? 
“He´ll be here soon,” Yusep tells the alien. 
“Bring it on,” he responds. 
Everyone and everything is still motionless and then his guards come in. They too have the spaceman´s technology. They come in with heavy artillery firepower. They´ve got armored suits on. They ready their fire. 
“Stand down. Lower your firearms,” Yusep commands his men and then opens the door. 
“I´ll let them know,” he tells Uriel as he lets us out. 
Uriel gets right in his face. “And let them know, I´m not alone.”
This is so strange. Finley´s dad is giving us safe passage, but why? This could have been a dreadful experience. We could have been badly bruised and battered. There were too many of them. There were way too many. 
Yusep´s only response is one of the most hideous and diabolical laughs I´ve ever heard. So this is where Finley comes from? I get it now. It all makes sense now. I understand why he´s such a twisted soul. I know why he bullies so many at school. It´s because his father is the richest man in the world as well as one of the most evil men I´ve ever met. He´s pure evil. The darkness in his eyes says everything.
“Why´d he let us go?” Danica says. “I mean, it could have gotten real ugly back there.”
“I´m not sure. Guess it has something to do with the darker images Uriel didn´t want to show you,” I respond. 
“Guess you´re probably right,” she says. 
We walk out onto the parking lot. We´re moving pretty fast and cautiously. I look back to see Yusep and his men as they stand outside. They could kill us at any moment but they don´t. Why?
Dante gets in the car and lets us all in. 
“This is so creepy. This thing he does with time. It´s just strange,” Dante says.
“I thought you liked it?” I respond.
“I did until I found out that Finley´s dad knows how to use it as well,” he responds. “Now that´s a scary thought. Finley with that technology, I hope not.”
“Let´s just get out of here already,” I say as he puts the pedal to the metal. 
The car peels out.
“Where to?” he asks.
“Anywhere but here,” I respond. “Someplace where we can´t be found. We need to lay low till we find this Cagney guy.”
We take off and everything is still around us. And I mean everything. Even the birds in the sky can´t penetrate this time spell we´re under or whatever it is that Uriel´s using to keep us this way. Let´s get somewhere safe. Let´s go somewhere where we can rest and recuperate. This has been an awfully long day. Can it get any worse than this?
Chapter 4
Don´t know how we ended up this way. Uriel´s in the front seat. And Danica? Well, she´s in the back with me. Just my luck. I´m kind of nervous. I mean, did I invade her privacy back there? Could she have taken care of herself? I think I did what´s right, even though she ended up saving my life. 
Danica grabs my hand and makes me look at her directly in the eyes. Okay, here comes, the speech where I shouldn´t intervene in her life. I can take care of myself speech? Okay let me have it already.
“Thanks Enoch. You saved me back there. Who knows what would´ve happened if you weren´t there,” she says. “Worst things could have happened.” 
Her voice is as sweet as honey. Not at all what I expected to hear, especially coming from her mouth. 
“What did I do? I don´t remember doing anything,” I answer back. “You´re the one who hit Finley over the head not me. I think that means you saved me.” 
She laughs it off. “I guess you´re right,” she says. And then I start to laugh. This day has been filled with surprises. It´s been one crazy day. I wanted the day to end but now I´m not so sure. Especially since she is so close to me. Now that I think about it, can it get any better?
I guess we´re sleeping in the car tonight. “My hero,” she says as she rests her head on my shoulder which makes me feel good and uncomfortable at the same time. I wonder, can that be a good thing? 
Dante parks the car at a park. It looks secluded and secure enough. I don´t think anyone will come looking for us here. There´s a cool breeze from the evening air. No one´s said a word for a while. Guess we´re all still shocked at the events that unfolded before our eyes. It´s a lot to soak in. 
It´s pretty late and I´m assuming we´re under some cloaking device or something of that sort. The bums and the junkies can´t see us here in front of them. The strange thing is that they´re moving in normal speed. So Uriel must be using something else to keep us invisible. 
Dante´s passed out in the front seat. His head is slightly tilted to one side and he´s drooling, but just a bit. Danica´s got her head on my shoulder. Her body´s touching mine. Her warmth is what´s keeping me awake. I guess I just feel comfortable, that´s all. Look at me, the hottest girl at school and she´s sound asleep right next to me. Anyway, I´m not going to pay attention to this. In the end, she´s my friend and I´m never going to get with her, that´s for sure. 
And Uriel is just outside in front of the car. What´s he looking at anyway? We seem to have something in common, the way we look up at the stars above? But I think he is waiting for someone or something. He must be waiting for some sort of sign or something. And back there, at the party, he said he wasn´t alone. So that means, they´re either here or they´re coming. His friends, that is. I wonder what he really thinks about us, humans? He must want to extinguish us himself. It was such a violent evening it didn´t have to come to that. 
It´s useless. Finley, you´re such an idiot. I hope this extraterrestrial doesn´t base humanity on one single incident.   
I look over at Danica and I don´t want to leave her side. Damn, she´s hot, but I´ve got to right now. I push her aside gently and softly. I don´t want her to wake up. I open the car door and approach what I´m hoping is my alien friend. I can see a great confusion on his face as he looks onwards towards the sky. 
“Uriel, what´s up? You don´t look too hot. Talk to me,” I say. 
Uriel takes his sights off the satellites overhead and turns his complete attention over to me. I feel his exotic green eyes pierce right through my skin. He takes me completely by surprise. 
“Is it really worth it? This war we´re fighting? This sector? Your kind?” he asks as I can tell he´s completely frustrated. 
“Don´t tell me you´re getting second thoughts?” I ask. 
He looks confused and puzzled. It´s as if he is trying to make sense of the situation at hand. 
“You know Enoch, we´ve had to save your world many times before. We´ve done it time and time again. And for what?” he says. “Your species remains ungrateful after all these years. Your species remains warlike and primitive. Why?”
Good question. What or how can I respond? I´m not a scientist or a world leader. Am I qualified to answer that question? 
“Guess it´s got something to do with our genes,” I respond. 
“We made you in hopes of finding a cure,” he responds. 
“To what?” I ask.
He takes a couple of seconds and responds. “Madness, it´s in every corner of the universe. But your genetic code seemed to create more of it through greed and aggression,” he says. “We wanted your kind to be a peaceful civilization where evil would not subside. We failed. Instead mankind´s incubated darkness upon this world.”  
Uriel walks away and plants his eyes on the constellations above. “Why must we do this time and time again? Madness, this is all about madness,” he says. 
Okay this guy looks my age but he can´t be. There´s no way. He  knows too much. He´s either playing a practical joke or he´s for real. I´ve got to find out. What can he possibly know about my kind, my civilization? 
“Uriel, how old are you anyway?” I ask him
“You don´t want to know I look like you but I´m far from it,” he responds as he continues to scan the night sky. For what? I´m still not sure.
“I´m from a place where time actually began. You see Enoch, there are certain points in the universe where time ceases to exist,” he adds. “I´ve told you already. I´ve looked over your kind for eons.” 
Okay now. He knows more about me and my civilization than I thought. I´m a believer. My only response is a mere, “Wow.” I mean, what else can I say? He´s not from my planet. He´s from millions and millions of miles away. According to him, he´s been living for an awfully long time. 
Does that make him an interstellar vampire? It probably does, only thing is no one bit him on the neck. No one sucked his blood dry and gave him new life. 
“What happens next?” I ask. “What happens if your friends don´t get here on time?”
“Then everything, every living soul dies. Humanity will cease to exist,” he responds. “What we don´t want is for the quadrant to fall into the hands of my rogue siblings. It will only make them stronger. They´ll become more powerful.”
Wait a minute, he´s got a family? Okay, I figured that much. But how many? And what do they look like? Do they look like him? From what he is telling me some are good and some are evil. The bad ones, are they made of pure evil? I want it to be Monday morning already. The suspense is killing me. And will Cagney even be there? Our world is in for a rude awakening. How much longer till we´re terminated? Are the people ready for his dire news? And how will they process the information? Will they accept Uriel´s message from beyond? 
Okay, I understand now. We live in the seventh quadrant. We´re in that area. We have the good guys and then the bad guys. The bad guys want to kill us; the good guys want to save us. In all that´s been said, can´t this all be a hoax? I´m guessing not. 
“What´s wrong,” Uriel asks me. 
I guess I look like I´m going to hurl from all the excitement in the air. 
“I´m going back to the car now. I think I can pass out now,” I respond. “You just told me there´s a good chance we´re all going to die soon.”
“Cheer up Enoch. We haven´t lost yet. We´ve never lost before,” he says. 
Great so we do stand a chance. Great news. Thank you Uriel.
“We´ve always come to some sort of agreement. It´s always come down to a truce,” he adds. “But the tide is changing, there are more of them than ever before and that is what we fear.”
How many? I´m not going to ask. I think I´ve heard enough for one night. 
“If it will make you sleep better, we´ve been here all this time. We´ve managed to save your kind from destruction time and time again. This is a different war because this time it won´t be a silent war. We don´t have to fight in the shadows any longer,” the spaceman says. “Expect many innocent lives to be lost.”
Please rewind that statement. Many innocent lives will be lost. That sounds harsh. This is sort of a secret war. I´ve never read about a silent war before. Don´t even know who he is really. And these beings have been hidden from sight all this time. This time they want us to know. There will be no mercy on our souls. The Arcs, other alien species, have been waiting for us to change our ways. What if there is no stopping this “madness”? What if it has bonded with our genetic code? What then? Will we be able to change? Will it let us? And who provided mankind with this deadly pandemic anyway? 
I leave Uriel with his eye sockets fuming. The mist has given his face and the air around him a beautiful emerald green quality. It´s mysterious and yet somewhat magical. I see fear in his eyes. It´s a fear that tells me I have to brace myself for whatever comes our way. He said it´s different now, the whole war thing. They may not be able to save the Earth this time. It´s a fear that he may have given up all faith. I walk away. I have to. I have nothing else to say.
I get into the backseat and I´m so glad because it´s really chilly outside. I´m tired, I´m disturbed. I´m a million things I can´t explain. Is he telling me the truth? His secret vendetta? The human race? The end of the world? I´m hoping I can erase and rewind this part of my life. The part where he comes landing into my backyard. 
Danica´s warm body finds mine once again. Dante mumbles something. 
“What?” I ask him. But I realize he´s talking in his sleep. My eyes are tired as I look towards the front of the car. He´s not a figment of my imagination. He´s real, I think, as I see Uriel, his eyes still fixed on the stars outside. It´s the last image before I close my eyes. 
And there I am in a big city. There´s concrete everywhere, the buildings are enormous. It´s a giant metropolis. There are lights everywhere, floating billboards. But where am I? 
It looks to be deserted as I have no one to ask. It´s beautiful and I have it all to myself. The city´s all mine. I walk the city as there is no noise at all. This city is amazing. 
The Earth around me starts to tremble underneath my feet. I standstill and wait for it to stop. It does, and then an envelope falls from the sky. It falls in front of me as the street is cracked from the tremor. I pick it up and realize it has my name on it. What´s this, for me? I tear it open and on the inside there´s a note. 
It´s from Danica. “Believe in yourself. The world is depending on it,” it says. And on the bottom it´s signed by her with a post scriptum. It reads, “My hero.”
And how many times do I have to tell her, I didn´t do anything. She did all the hard work. She kicked Finley´s butt. I didn´t do a darned thing. The skies begin to darken. There are dark clouds overhead. Looks like it´s going to rain. It´s going to be a heavy downpour. I want it to rain as I extend my arms out in front of me. There are hints of lightning and thunder all around me. I begin to feel tiny drops as they hit my head gently. I raise my head towards the sky and let a drop touch my lips. I taste the drop as it reaches my mouth. It´s delicious.  
It starts to pour rain as I am drenched. And then, as quickly as it came, the rain stops. Envelopes start to make their way down from the dark gray clouds above. It´s as if someone or something is throwing them down towards the Earth. I pick one up and then another. They´re addressed to the same person. The words, “My hero” appear on each envelope. I open more and realize they´re for me. But why me? I´m no one´s hero. They´re from people, names I´ve never heard of before. The envelopes begin to deteriorate as they hit the foot high deep water below. They make like a soup on the paved road in front of me. 
Again, I find myself next to Danica as I open my eyes. I´m so glad it was only a dream, but what did it mean? There are a lot of lives at stake. People are depending on me to get Uriel to the proper authorities. This is some serious stuff. It´s more than I thought. And I have a feeling this doesn´t end with me taking the spaceman to our world leaders. It´s just a gut feeling I´ve got. It´s a feeling that won´t go away. I can somehow sense I´m going to be more involved than I could have ever imagined. 
It´s been a while and who knows how long I´ve been awake. I´ve been like this since that dream I had. Those things falling from the sky, they were letters. But why? It´s almost dawn and it´s kind of uncomfortable in this car already. There´s only so much I can take. The seats are so stiff. My eyes are heavy but I´m not going to close them, not now. I´m ready and I´m sure the spaceman is as well as he is still looking at the sky above. When does he sleep? He waits for us with his hands in his pockets. Him and that black suit of his. He looks impatient and angry all in one. 
“Dante, get up,” I tell him as I tap him on the shoulder several times. “Wake up!”
“Where am I?” he says as he regains consciousness. 
“It´s almost 7:30am,” I tell him.
“Oh yeah, now I remember,” he responds. “Let´s get out of here.”
He turns on the car and I shout, “Uriel, get in the car.”
Finally, we´re going to get our chance. I just hope the senator doesn´t take a day off or anything like that. You never know with these politicians. The sun is coming up and Uriel puts on his sunglasses, the ones I gave him, and heads for the front seat. 
“Hit them yourself,” Danica screams and then goes back to sleep. She´s still sleeping. She´s always been like this, a heavy sleeper. It´s hard to get her to wake up. I should know, I got clocked in the jaw once. She almost made me fall from the impact. Not a pretty sight. After that incident, I decided never to wake her again. She can wake up on her own. She sure does pack a punch and I´m not going to be on the receiving end. 
“You damn pussy, cat,” she adds. 
What type of a dream is she having? And who is she talking to, in her dream that is? 
Dante drives us through smooth and paved roadways. There are steep cliffs everywhere. There are also beautiful brick houses along the street. But what really strikes me the most is the green vegetation all around us. It´s magnificent. And in a short distance, the great symbol and representation of power. Washington, what an amazing and tiny city. There are so many powerful sites to make your jaw drop.  
It´s like Disney, but for businesspeople. I´ve never looked at this place like this before. It´s as if this place was injected with powerful hormones or something. It´s as if the streets had arterial veins and power was seeping through its bloodstream. This is the place that dictates how the planet is run, literally. It´s the home of the world´s elite. 
On our trip, no one´s said much. Guess we´re all waiting for Danica to get up. I don´t think anyone slept very well last night. How could we anyway? With all the ruckus from yesterday, I don´t think anyone could´ve? 
“What are you looking at?” Danica asks. I look over at her and she´s still sleeping. Who´s she talking to now? One of these days, I´d like to be in one of those dreams of hers. They must be very interesting.
“I said, what are you looking at?” she adds rather aggressively. 
Maybe if she hears a response she´ll be able to relax more, in her sleep that is. 
“Nothing,” I respond.
“That´s better,” she says as she falls right under. Much better, because if she´s having a bad dream I want to be able to help her through it. 
“How´d you do that?” Dante asks.
“What?” I respond. 
“You got her to shut up,” he says as he is surprised. “Whenever I try that she hits me. She gets really aggressive when she sleeps.” 
She quickly gets up. I think she finally woke up as she startles us. 
“Where am I?” she says almost as if she jumped into a pool and came up for air. 
“You okay?” I ask her. 
She looks at me. I think I got her angry. 
“I asked you where I was. Did you understand the question?” she responds.
Okay, okay, relax already. I just wanted to know if she was okay. I didn´t want to get attacked for asking. That´s why I asked. 
“We´re near Cagney´s office,” I tell her. 
“My makeup, my makeup, why didn´t anyone tell me,” she says as she speeds up her movements and looks into her purse. 
“You were sound asleep,” I respond. “Yeah, but you could´ve woken me up,” she says. “You know, you tap me on the shoulder and then you say, “Wake up”. It´s that simple. It´s that simple Enoch.” 
Wow, I wish she would go to sleep already. I didn´t think she was going to be so hostile. I didn´t think she got like this. 
“Yeah Enoch, it´s that simple,” Dante says as I can see his huge smile through the rear-view mirror.
“Okay already. Okay,” I respond. “I surrender.”
Let´s see, I met Dante and Danica the first day of kindergarten. Dante declared himself my best friend the very same day. Danica is younger and that day he introduced us as her mother carried her in her arms. I remember her only response was that she stuck her tongue out at me. And her first words directed towards me were, “I don´t like you,” as she covered her face with her mom´s shoulder. I remember it very well. Yes, I do. I´m surprised we became friends at all.  
“Oh, and by the way, Jacinta says hello,” I tell Dante just to change the subject. 
“She did? Jacinta Flowers? She asked about me?” he responds as his face begins to blush. “What else did she say?” 
“I can´t say. I´m sworn to secrecy,” I tell him. 
“Come on. You can tell me,” Dante says.
“No I can´t,” I respond. Somehow, I feel like bothering him right now. I want him to see what it´s like when he bothers me. 
I look over at Danica as she is tying her hair in a ponytail. The sun lights up her dark eyes. She looks at me and smiles. “What´d she say?” she whispers. 
“She likes him,” I respond. 
She starts giggling. 
“I heard that,” Dante says as I see his eyes through the rear-view mirror again. 
“Heard what?” I respond.
“What you said,” he tells me. 
“Okay then, what did I say?” I ask him. 
He looks at me as if he gives up trying to get any information out of me. He looks forward onto the road. “Nothing,” he responds.
And now my thoughts completely turn to Danica. I don´t know what´s happening. I don´t know what´s running through my mind. Yes, she´s always been very beautiful, I´ll admit that. But there´s something different about her. All of a sudden, I find her more attractive. But why? She´s my best friend. She´s like a family member to me. She´s been in my life for a very long time. 
“What´s wrong?” Danica says as she paints her face. 
I´m thinking about a lot of things. I´m thinking about my parents. I´m thinking about Danica and myself? Does this change things between us? I want everything to stay the same. I want everything to be normal. I want her to be my best friend and that´s all. I don´t want to lose that. 
“Nothing,” I respond. 
“I didn´t mean to get you upset,” she says. “Sorry. I get like that when I wake up. Ask Dante, I even hit him once straight in the jaw. He nearly passed out.” 
“No I didn´t,” Dante responds. 
“Yes you did. Admit it already. Your knees buckled and everything,” Danica says. 
“No they didn´t,” her brother responds.
I imagine that image for a couple of seconds. Dante, the star football player and know-it-all clocked by his sister. I still can´t picture it. She´s feisty and a fire cracker but her brother is bigger than she is. 
“Don´t worry about me,” I respond. “And I´m not angry. You were asleep and I should´ve woken you up earlier.” 
I change the subject once again as I pat the spaceman on the bicep. 
“We´re almost there,” I tell Uriel. 
The extraterrestrial looks anxious and determined. He hasn´t said a single word all this time. And still doesn´t. He´s a robot. He´s got to be. Doesn´t he have any emotions? He´s hollow inside, I´m sure. 
We´re taking a big risk here. This guy, Cagney, could be one of the bad guys. He could be working for the opposition. He does work for the US government but he´s also a human rights activist which makes me think he´s on our side. He´s probably one of us, a good guy. 
“Can´t wait to meet this guy,” I say.
“Me neither. I wonder what he looks like,” Danica says.
“They´re all the same. They´re all the same,” Dante responds. “He´s probably some arrogant guy who´s going to ask us to donate some money to his political party in exchange for his help.”
“That wouldn´t surprise me at all,” I respond. “Let´s hope for the best. That´s all we can ask for right now.”
Dante parks the car in a lot near the Hart Senate Building. It was the cheapest we could find. We head towards the senator´s office. I look at everyone and wonder if they are scared as I am. And about what, I´m not sure.
And right across the street, I take a deep breath as I can only admire the most noticeable and potent edifice, quite possibly, in the world, the Capitol. It intrigues me more today than any other day. I´ve seen it countless times before but its towering presence looms over me. It´s a gigantic building. It almost looks like a palace. This is the place where so many important decisions are made on a daily basis. Wonder if we´ll meet the president? Will that be our next stop? Wonder if that´s where Uriel headed? I mean, we are so close. I look at Uriel and the way he walks, the way he moves, still makes me feel like he doesn´t fit in somehow. I don´t know what it is, he just looks that way to me. 
With Uriel we could be heroes or we could as easily be zeroes. We could get lost in the fray. Then what? When all is said and done, I´ll be gone away. I´m out. I want to be at home when all this unfolds. End of the world party? I think not. Guess I´m a home body, that´s all. 
It´s a rather hot day. The sun is beaming as we enter the building. We´re kind of early. There aren´t many people around. Anyway, this is a formal affair and we´re not dressed the part, at all, but Uriel sure is. He looks like he works here. 
There are portraits of people everywhere. There are statues and busts. Wonder what they did to make themselves so important? They look like politicos and some war heroes. Just their presence radiates a sense of power through the building´s hallways and corridors. I find it rather impressive. 
“Excuse me, can you tell me where Senator Cagney´s office is?” I ask a security guard. 
“Of course, he´s on the third floor. Room 324 to be exact,” he responds as he double checks through his fancy notebook. 
“Thanks,” Danica says. “You just made our day.” 
“You´re welcome,” he responds as we make our way to the elevators. 
We´re here. We finally made it. This is awesome. But before we enter, I notice a towering and unique structure. It´s magnificent. What could have inspired the artist to make such an exhibit? I look at the tag and it says, “Mountains and Clouds.” 
Uriel looks up at the monument and then the tag, “Really? Mountains and Clouds? Alexander Calder, is that what you chose to call it?” he says. 
“You know the guy who created this?” I ask him. 
“Of course, I do,” he responds and then we walk right into the elevator. My only reaction is to stare at the spaceman as he´s full of surprises. We get to the third floor and come out. Danica presses all the buttons as we exit the lift. 
“Do you really have to do that?” I ask.
“What? I do this all the time,” she responds. 
This girl´s insane. She´s a loose cannon. I never know if she´s serious or just trying to have the time of her life. She´s always so playful and full of life. And then I look back at Uriel again as his movements are stoic. I ask myself again, Who is this guy? No really, who is he? For all I know, he could be a bad guy. He could be tricking us into giving him all of our confidence. And then what? He´ll eat our brains. What´s wrong with me? I´m thinking like Danica. No, even worse, he could possibly enslave the Earth and exterminate us himself in the process. He and his kin could rape us of all of our natural resources. 
I calm down as I try to gather my thoughts. He´s been good to us thus far. He saved us back at my home and at Finley´s place. He didn´t have to do that. No, I sense that this alien is a good guy. There´s something about him, something I like. He truly cares what happens to us, this world. I can see the sincerity in his eyes. Please Uriel, be who you say you are. 
And then I think about how cool it would be to meet his space buddies. Maybe they could shed light on who he really is. Maybe, even the bad guys. 
We make our way down the hallway and easily locate the senator´s office. We make our way through the glass doors and are immediately met by his secretary. There goes Dante and his attitude. He plays with his voice as he tries to sound older and more sophisticated like. 
“Is Senator Cagney in my dear?” he asks.
She takes off her small-framed glasses. Puts them down and starts laughing. 
“What´s so funny?” he asks. 
“You called me dear,” she responds. “How old do you think I am?”
He observes her up close, “About fifty?” he answers. 
“Fifty?” she says as she looks at him straight in the face. “Most people say I don´t look a day over forty.” 
She´s angry and as usual, Dante doesn´t have any tact. Can´t believe he answered that question especially the way he did.
Dante walks away and sits down. He´s not an easy going guy at times either. He can be tough as nails when he wants to be. 
“Well, they were lying,” he says as he turns on the television set. 
She gets up right over him and he gets up. They eyeball each other and then she pushes him down onto his seat again. 
“Hey,” he snaps at her.
“This is my office,” she says. “You do as I say. I´m in charge here.”
“Okay lady. Okay, I get you,” he responds as he is stunned by her reaction. Guess no one ever snapped back at him like that. 
“Excuse me Miss, we´re here to see the senator, Senator Cagney,” I interrupt but gently. 
She walks over to me and I´m scared to death. What did I say? What did I say? 
She grabs my cheek and smiles. 
“He´ll be in shortly,” she tells me. 
Don´t hit me. Whatever you do, don´t hit me. 
“Such a nice boy,” she adds as she goes back to her desk. 
“Please, everyone sit down,” she says as she tries to be hospitable. 
Dante tries to tell her something as we´re all sitting down. 
“Shut your trap. I didn´t tell you to speak, did I?” she yells at Dante. 
The room goes silent for some seconds and I try to break the ice. 
“What´s your name anyway? I didn´t quite catch it,” I ask her politely. 
She puts down her glasses again and smiles.
“Why, it´s Mrs. Grunt,” she responds. 
Dante´s probably nervous. As a matter of fact, I know he is. He´s even sweating from the tension. He begins to laugh. I´m not sure if it´s a deliberate one or not. 
Mrs. Grunt´s only reaction is an animal-like growl. He puts his hands up almost like an “I surrender” gesture. “I´m sorry” he says. 
And what is Danica´s and my reaction? We can´t help but chuckle. 
Mrs. Grunt changes the channel from her remote control. She puts the local news channel. Great, that´s all we need, bad news to make this experience even more nerve wracking. The news anchor then reports about strange objects in the sky. UFO´s, fact of fiction. I know the truth now. I´m sitting right next to an alien. 
The report begins as they interview Washington residents. They interview people who´ve supposedly seen strange objects in the sky. It appears that over the last week there´ve been many sightings over the DC area and all along the north of the country. 
“Wow,” Dante says. 
“What did I tell you?” Mrs. Grunt says.
“I know already. I know. I need to keep my trap shut,” he responds. 
Cagney´s secretary looks like the pretty tough mixture. If I saw her on the street, I´d think she was very nice. She looks so sweet and innocent, but her eyes transform her into something totally different. And Dante looks like he´s ready to explode but he doesn´t as his face is red as a tomato.
A young man approaches the glass doors. He´s gotta be in his late thirty´s, early forty´s. He isn´t what I was expecting at all. He rushes by and stops to greet us and then continues into his office. That´s got to be him. 
All this time, Uriel hasn´t said a word but at least he looks like he´s finally broken free from his trance-like state. The space traveler gets up off his seat and approaches his private office. 
“Uriel, where´re you going? That´s not the way to do things,” I tell him. I grab him by the arm and he looks back at me like he wants it off. But he realizes that I´m not being aggressive. I´m just trying to help him. Damn, he looked like he wanted to hit me or something. If looks could kill, he would´ve done it to me already. 
I was able to change Uriel´s mind as the spaceman sits down again.
“I have no more time for this,” he whispers.
“I know but we´ve got to wait. We have no other choice,” I respond.
One wrong move and we could be out of here. We could be escorted out the building. No senator, no help, no nothing. I´ve got to keep things into perspective for all of us. 
After about fifteen minutes, Senator Cagney walks out of his office. He stares us all down as he adjusts his fancy eyewear. He mumbles something to his secretary and then walks right back into his office. He leaves the door wide open. 
“The senator will see you now,” Miss Grunt tells us. 
He looks too young to be a politician. He´s clearly not what I was expecting. We get right next to the door and wait for the senator.
“Come in,” Senator Cagney says. “Take a seat.” 
Now these are comfortable chairs. I like them. I like the way they feel. They´re nice and comfy. 
“You guys are kind of young, don´t you think?” he asks us. 
“Yeah we are. But we´re awfully mature for our age,” Danica replies. 
The senator pauses some seconds as he observes us. He makes me feel pretty uncomfortable the way he looks at us. It´s as if we´re criminals or something.
“You´re not here for something I did a long time ago, are you?” he asks.
“No, we´re here for something else,” I respond. 
“Cause if you are, whatever I did, it was a very long time ago, I assure you,” Cagney responds. 
“No, this visit is about our friend over here,” I tell him and point to Uriel. 
“Oh, a government agent. You´re here to audit my office, aren´t you? I assure you, those campaign donations were legal,” Cagney says. “Wait a minute, you´re too young to be a G-man. What´s this really about?” 
“I´ll let him explain,” I tell the senator.
Cagney adjusts his glasses and waits for an explanation. Uriel pauses, but I´m not sure why. Wasn´t he anxious to get here? I don´t get it. Didn´t he want to get his message across? What´s he waiting for? Come on Uriel, tell him already. Tell him everything. 
“Look, I don´t have time for this,” the senator says as he gets up. “I´m a very busy man.”
“Sure looks like it from all the people you have waiting for you outside. We didn´t even have an appointment and we still got to see you,” Danica says. 
“Okay, that does it. I want you out. All of you, out, out, out,” Cagney says as he nears the door. 
“Please senator, hear us out,” I respond as he´s acting rather hostile. “Allow me to introduce my friend, Uriel. He´s not from these parts. He´s an alien.”
“Oh, I get it now,” he goes back to his chair and sits back down again. “I´m so sorry. So you need me to help you? Immigration problems?” he responds. “That sort of thing.”
His mood completely changed from poor to I´m sorry in a few seconds. 
Uriel gets up off his seat and startles all of us. I guess he was in a trance-like state as his eyes flash in emerald green. 
“They´re here,” the alien says rather calculated. 
He must have been listening in on a transmission in his head or something . I didn´t hear a single thing.
Cagney grabs the alien´s hand and says, “I know. They´re everywhere. This is Washington DC, we know everything.”
Uriel looks at him directly in the face. He seems happier. He seems more relaxed. 
“So you know about my friends,” the extraterrestrial says. 
“Of course I do. And if they have immigration problems, I´ll be sure and help them too,” he responds. 
This is getting confusing. I´ve got to help the situation. We´re not understanding each other at all, neither side. 
“He´s an alien. He´s from another planet altogether, not from another country,” I say very fast and altogether as the room is silent. 
There I said it. I feel much better now. 
The senator does a double take. He looks at all of us. Yes, we´re young and we´re harmless. 
“Look my friend needs your help. He just needs to be heard. That´s all,” I tell him.
“Friend? How do you know he wants to be your friend? He could want to eat,” Cagney says. We quickly interrupt in unison, “Our brains, yes, we know. We know.”
“He´s not here to eat anyone´s insides, body parts or anything like that,” I tell the senator assuredly. “He´s here to save our planet.” 
The senator taps the alien on the shoulder, then on the chest. “What does he do?” Cagney asks. Uriel´s eyes begin to light up. They´re magnificent the way they illuminate everything surrounding his face. He suddenly gets up and grabs the senator´s hand. he looks like he´s going to twist it out of shape. 
“Hey, what are you doing?” Danica says as she gets up off her seat. 
I did the unthinkable. I led him to a U.S. senator and now he´s going to kill him and everyone else. He´s going to make clones out of them and then he species is going to conquer the world forever. 
“What have I done?” I say as I close my eyes. 
“You haven´t done anything,” Uriel responds. “Oh, I understand. You think I want to hurt him.” 
The extraterrestrial looks at me as I slowly take my hands away from my eyes. He adds, “I would never hurt your kind, any of you.”
As he puts the senator down on the desk, the lights go out as a holographic image appears overhead. The images are grotesque and unimaginable. They are horrific. Whole worlds are destroyed. There are great massacres and worlds are consumed, sucked dry of all of their resources. 
“Senator, this is what comes our way,” Uriel explains as he eases his grip. 
My eyes, our eyes, all of our eyes are fixed on the horrible holographic images. Is that what we can expect? Is this what the world´s heading towards? 
“I didn´t want to show the children,” the alien adds. 
“Hey, wait a minute. Who are you calling children? I´m fifteen, fifteen and a half to be precise, going on sixteen,” Danica says.
“Would you be quiet?” I tell her. “Enoch, you might be a child, but I, I´m a young adult,” she responds. 
“Who´s the guy in red?” Dante asks as he continues to watch thoroughly. I didn´t quite catch that image. 
“He´s conquest, war, famine and death. His name is Android 66,” Uriel answers.
The lights come back on and the holographic projector disappears. And there he is. Senator Cagney´s face says it all. His mouth is wide open. I´m guessing he can´t believe what he´s just seen. He grabs the spaceman by the bicep and looks him straight in the eyes. 
“You´re real. I can´t believe it. You´re real,” Cagney says as he looks so very excited. He´s so excited he looks like he wants to kiss the alien. 
“What action do we take next?” Uriel asks the senator. 
I find it funny that the extraterrestrial acts a certain way with us and he acts entirely different when he´s around, well, older people. I don´t think I´ll ever understand it because he too looks like a kid. 
“Well, first of all, we definitely need reinforcements. Our congress is divided big time. I don´t know who I can trust these days,” Cagney responds. “I´ve got some people I want you to meet. They´re my closest confidantes.”
“We must hurry. We don´t have much  time. They´re coming to devour this world and everything, every living being in it,” Uriel says. “We have to prepare for the incoming assault. They will stop at nothing to undermine the Creator.”
The Creator? What exactly does that mean? Sounds like a machine of some sort. Sounds powerful too. 
“The Creator?” I ask the extraterrestrial. 
The alien looks back as I feel he´s holding back on me. He´s withholding information. I guess whoever or whatever it is is a heavily guarded secret. 
“Our protector,” he responds. And that´s all he says as he ignores me completely. I´m not going to ask anymore. Or at least, I´m going to be careful what I ask. I don´t think he wants me to know.       
The spaceman´s suit restores itself to its original state. Only this time, he reveals small, silver tipped wings on his back near his shoulder blades. On his left shoulder, the colorful and exquisite emblem. It looks like the traveler really did a number on the senator. He caught him by surprise for sure. Senator Cagney rubs his hand through his dark brown military buzz cut. 
“I knew this was going to happen sooner or later, contact with an alien species. Finally, a real life extraterrestrial intervening in our affairs. There was always talk about this amongst the senate but it was just that, it was talk,” Cagney says. “Is it true?”
“What?” the alien asks.
“That your kind has been intervening all this time?” Cagney asks. 
“Senator, we´ve been here since your inception,” Uriel responds.
“You´ve got to be kidding me? So it´s true,” the senator says as he looks at the spaceman as if he was a priceless artifact of some type. 
“I wouldn´t say “intervene”. I would state it more as looking after,” he responds. “We´ve got agents on the ground here as we do in other parts of the cosmos. They´ve been here for quite some time.”
So I guess his friends, at least some of them. What´re they waiting for? If they´re here let´s ready our guns, stand tall and fight. 
“And unfortunately, my android brother has some of his proxies on the ground as well,” the spaceman adds. “They´ve been put here to mislead you.”
“So, all this info from NASA, the CIA and the FBI, it´s true,” Cagney says. “The government´s even got psychics and prophets on their payrolls.”
The government knew this was going to happen. They have all along. Their agencies are more well informed than anyone thinks.
“What for?” Danica asks. “I mean psychics and prophets, why?”
“They want to find your alien friend and extract all of his knowledge and wisdom. I´m sure they want to see what makes him tick,” Cagney says. “You got here a couple of days ago, didn´t you?” he says as he points at each one of us. “So they´re probably looking for you, you and you as well as the traveler. You´re all in deep trouble my friends.” 
Okay, now what do we do? We´re all wanted by the FBI, CIA and probably the Men in Black. They´ve been looking for Uriel. At least now we know it was a calculated raid on my house. I can see the signs now. The streets filled with “The End is Nigh” posters and billboards everywhere. Who´s going to save us now? Who´s going to help? 
“But I can help. I´ve got very powerful friends. We have a lot of influence in this town,” Cagney says. 
Just our stroke of luck. Just when I felt like we were as good as dead. Thanks Dad. You´re something else. Thanks for running into this guy. You´re the best. You and mom, both. The light continues to shine on. 
Dante, Danica and I look at each other. It´s as if we can read each other´s thoughts. “Count us in,” I respond for everyone. 
“Alrighty guys, it´s time for me to close shop,” Cagney responds. 
We walk out of his private meeting room and there she is again, Mrs. Grunt. Dante takes a big gulp. He´s not sure what to expect from her and neither are we. 
“Senator, how old do I look?” Mrs. Grunt asks him. 
“Not a day over forty,” he responds. 
Mrs. Grunt sticks out her tongue at Dante. She´s still not happy with his response. 
“You guys come back whenever you like, you hear,” she says. 
Dante answers for us all, “Thanks,” he says. 
“Not you,” she fires back as she continues to type on her laptop. 
“Mrs. Grunt, please hold my calls and all my appointments for the next couple of days,” Cagney tells her. “I´ll be back by the end of the week, I hope.”
“Another vacation?” she responds. 
“Yeah, you can call it that. I´d like to get better acquainted with my new friends,” he responds. “Take care and good day.”
We walk out and into a nearby parking garage. Dante asks, “You really think Mrs. Grunt looks forty?” 
“Not at all. But I like to make sure she feels comfortable. I wouldn´t want a disgruntled worker and besides she´s been working for me for ten years now,” Cagney says. 
So she´s looked forty for the past ten years?” Danica asks. 
“Yep, that´s right,” he responds. 
“How old is she anyway?” Dante asks. 
“She´s not a day over sixty-five. I really don´t know her exact age. I stopped counting,” he says. “Anyway, does it really matter?”
“Damn, then she does look good for her age,” Danica responds. “She works out then. My props to her.” 
“Not at all. Her husband´s very rich. It´s all cosmetic surgery. I don´t even know why she bothers to come to work,” Cagney explains. 
And Dante´s becoming the laughing stock in our group. Now, let´s see about these friends of Cagney´s. I wonder what they´re like. Cagney calls them only by their secret code name, “The Prosecutors.” 
Chapter 5
We´re waiting for the senator to pull out of the parking lot. What´s taking him so long? It´s been at least fifteen minutes. And there he is. Sweet ride. I should´ve gone with him. He´s on his cell phone but who´s he talking to? Probably one of his friends, the Prosecutors. I hope this isn´t an ambush. 
“Should we follow him?” I tell Dante and Danica. “I mean, he could be talking to anyone right now.”
“Yeah, oh course. Why not?” Danica says. “I don´t think he´d do us any harm.”
“He asked us to trust him, didn´t he?” Dante says. 
“Yes,” I respond. They´ve got a point. Time to calm down and let everything flow. 
“Well then, we have no other options,” Dante responds. 
“Well then, what are we waiting for? Let´s do this,” I respond but I have to admit, I´m still a little skeptical. His friends, I guess I don´t like their name. this Cagney guy is part of a group that calls themselves “The Prosecutors.” Let me see what prosecutor means. It means someone who takes the law into their own hands, especially in criminal accounts. Does that scare me? Yes, it does. They could, quite possibly stab us in the back. They might think we´re criminals for harboring an alien. When we least expect it, they could kill us or put us in jail.
The senator pulls out and signals us to follow. He accelerates at every corner. It´s as if he wants to lose us or he´s really just reckless. He´s got a very fast car and us, well, we´ve got Dante´s car. It´s not much of a ride but does provide us with a source of transportation. For the past couple of years, it´s taken us from hell and back almost every day. School, that is. It´s also taken us to many parties, festivals and concerts. And that´s a good thing. I guess I´ve got to give it some credit. This 92 Corolla just keeps going and going. Seems like it´s never going to die. 
But the senator´s car. Now that´s a ride. It´s fast, it´s fast and it´s fast. One of my favorite cars, and Audi S5. He´s driving so fast that he´s got Dante doing the same. Luckily for us, my best buddy´s a good driver. Cagney drives us through the streets of DC and then through the outskirts. He leads us to a tiny but beautiful city, the city of Bethesda. It´s in Maryland to be precise. He takes us through the suburbs until we reach a secluded and exclusive area of the city. 
Wow, that´s phat. His crib is amazing. He lives in a mansion. It´s almost the size of Finley´s. The guy´s got money. It´s got two floors and the front lawn is impeccable.  It looks like something out of a movie. There are beautiful beech trees planted along the front yard. It´s just amazing. He leads us through his long and winding driveway and we park right behind him. We get out and as we do, the Corolla sounds like it´s going to break down. Sounds like some of the parts are jumping up and down under the hood. 
“Hope it didn´t die,” I say. 
“Me neither, my dad would kill me,” Dante responds. 
“Nah, that´s the same sound it always makes,” Danica says. “Nothing to worry about. I´m guessing it´s still got a lot of miles left in it.” 
I´m not sure she knows what she´s talking about. She´s not a mechanic. What would she know? She doesn´t even know how to drive. Last time she drove she nearly killed us with one of those wide turns she likes to take soften. 
The senator walks into his house and we follow. 
“Make yourselves at home,” Cagney tells us. “What do you guys want to drink? Beer, wine, liquor, you name it, I´ve got it.”
“How old do you think we are?” I ask him. 
“Why do you ask?” he responds. 
“I don´t think we´re old enough to drink with you,” I say. 
“I´ll take a beer,” Dante says as Cagney hands him one. 
“Well then, how old are you guys?” he asks. 
“Not old enough,” I respond. 
“Okay, scratch that idea. Give it back,” Cagney tells Dante. “I´ll get you guys some soft drinks.” 
Dante comes over to me and tells me, “Nice job.”
“What? I told him the truth,” I respond. 
“Yeah, but a little alcohol would have done us fine,” Dante responds. 
I hear someone approach the kitchen. “I´m home. We have guests,” Cagney tells someone who´s quickly approaching. 
It´s his wife as she enters the room. “Katherine, meet my friends,” he tells his wife as he introduces us to his lovely wife. 
“Aren´t they a little young to be your friends?” she whispers in his direction. 
She comes closer to her husband and asks, “Is that alcohol I smell? Drinking at the office again?” 
Come on. I left that stuff a long time ago,” he responds. “You know that.” 
“I know, but it doesn´t hurt to check,” Katherine says. 
You can tell how much they love each other. There´s a sense of trust and security coming from them both as they hug each other. It´s as if they´ve known each other for quite some time. They´re probably high school sweethearts. 
“Oh, and they´re staying for supper,” the senator adds. 
He gets on the phone and orders enough Chinese food for at least twenty people. His wife looks at her husband and then at us and says, “They can´t possibly chow down all of this food.” She pauses and then cautiously says, “Don´t tell me.”
“Yep,” Cagney says. It´s as if they can read each other´s thoughts. She sounds nervous. “They´re coming,” she adds rather worriedly. 
Just who are these Prosecutors anyway? The name alone scares me. The senator´s wife doesn´t seem to be too fond of them either. So, what´s up with these guys? 
“Alright, everyone feel free to roam around. They should be all be here real soon. Oh, and by the way, call me George,” he says. “These friends of mine, you either love them or hate them. I´m giving you early warning.”
Did he just say warning? Why should we be scared? Is there anything to be scared about? That statement  worries me. How bad can his friends be? I mean, George, he´s so laidback and easy to talk to. He´s like another version of my dad. 
A couple of minutes later, we head upstairs and find ourselves staring at another amazing view. His backyard, it´s immense. He´s got plants and trees everywhere. And they´re well taken care of as well. He´s also got a beautiful courtyard. The senator and his wife´s got a lot of class. 
We sit down on the reclining seats overlooking the exotic gardens beneath. We stare at the horizon. There´s a feeling of peace and tranquility. But I´ve seen this all before. I´ve watched it in movies. This is the calm before the storm. And there´s no telling what´s going to happen next. Extraterrestrials, alien invasion, the next step is chaos.  
Danica comes over and says, “I know what you´re thinking.”
“Oh really, then what am I thinking?” I respond. 
“Just forget about the aliens. Think about what the Prosecutors are going to be like,” she says. “Now that´s an interesting thought, isn´t it?” 
My only reaction is to laugh. Dante and I can´t help it. She gets all of us to laugh all the time. She´s totally right. What are they going to be like? Are they going to be a bunch of cocky politicians who think they own the world? And help can they help us anyway? Politicians are slime balls. You can´t trust them, any of them. 
Right now, I have no faith in the system, in any system for that matter. I don´t think anyone does. I turn my attention to Uriel. He hasn´t said a word. I am deeply concerned about the spaceman. What´s he thinking? He seems on edge. He seems to have lost his patience. Frustration is written all over his face. He looks as though he´s trying real hard to contain the bright green from within his eye sockets. He walks over to me and asks me to walk with him. We walk downstairs and onto the beautiful tropical garden, away from the others. 
“What´s wrong?” I ask him. “You haven´t said a word since we left Cagney´s office.” 
“Do I really have to?” he responds. “Can I say the right words? The words you want to hear? You want me to tell you everything´s going to be all right.”
Okay, keep it up. Make me lose all faith. Tell me my world and everything around me is over. Tell me I´ll never see my mom, dad, my little sisters, Dante and Danica. 
“you have no idea what we´re up against, do you?” the spaceman says. 
“That´s enough already. I´m going to enjoy my last days on Earth even if that is what kills me,” I respond. 
This is no easy task, for me, for anyone. I´m sure if someone else was in my shoes they´d feel the same way. He walks away from me and doesn´t look back. And me, I don´t have anything more to say to the traveler either. I don´t want to at this point. I´ll wait till our meeting with the Prosecutors. Maybe they´ll be able to ease the situation we´re in. I doubt it though, judging from Uriel´s harsh words. All of this sounds serious. Sounds like we´re in for a serious calamity. 
It´s night time and they´ve finally arrived. The Prosecutors in person. The senator´s driveway looks like a mini auto show. Honestly, my first impression of them is not a spectacular one. They´re just a bunch of old guys. And they´re rude too. No wonder Katherine doesn´t really like them around. They don´t even knock before entering. It´s as if they think they own the place. They think it´s their house. The only thing they´ve got going for them is that they came in high spirits. These guys have clearly been raising hell for quite a long time. 
“how long have you known each other?” I ask Cagney.
He looks at me and then turns his face towards his wild friends. “Too long,” he says. “Way too long.”
From the cars in the driveway, I´m guessing they all have a lot of money but they probably inherited it all. It´s got to be. They don´t look too bright to me. And how many practical jokes can a pack of early forty some things make on each other? Come on, let´s get serious. They can´t help us. They´re old and they´re not even funny. They can help us if we want to become comedians but not to save the world. And not that they can help us be funny, they could help if we wanted to get booed off the stage. 
They all sit down and Dante, Danica and I observe their every action. They´re pigs. They eat everything in sight. I´ve never seen people eat like that. It´s as if they haven´t eaten a single thing in their lives. It´s either they´re starving or they really like to eat. Disgusting! And these are the people George has confided in all of his life? Come on Cagney, these guys aren´t going to lead us or help us do anything. We´re goners for sure. They are more like the Vacuum Cleaners than the Prosecutors.  
They are more like grown-ups who never truly matured. They seem to be locked away in the confines of some high school for the mentally insane. They´ve got one thing going for them. They´ve got a lot of money, at least it looks that way but they don´t brag about it. I think that´s pretty cool. But they sure do brag about a lot of other crazy things such as their high school days and how much fun they had. Who cares? I mean, please, get a life. We´ve been properly introduced to all of them. They are the Delavaggio brothers, Frank and Carlos, Tristan McCleary, Mario Deidrich and Mike Harrison. They all look a bit older than George. I guess Cagney took better care of himself than the rest. They don´t seem to have any control. They´re a bunch of jokers. They keep playing practical jokes on each other. They call each other names. Please, stop it already. Enough is enough. Even my little sisters have their limits. 
They turn their attention to us. Okay, what are they going to say. I´m going to brace myself for the worst. 
“Hey what´s your name again?” Frank asks Dante. 
“Why?” he responds rather cautiously. 
“Because you´re pretty,” Mario interrupts. 
“Pretty? Girls are pretty, boys are handsome,” he responds. 
“No, but you´re pretty,” Mario says jokingly and with a smile on his face. “Pretty ugly,” he adds.
They´re laughter everywhere. Even Danica and I are laughing. They even got a smile out of Uriel and that´s a task in itself. 
Dante gets up to challenge Mario. The Prosecutor looks at him like a wild animal. 
“It was a joke. You´d better sit down,” the Prosecutor tells him. 
Dante gets testy. “Why don´t you come over here and make me, old man,” Dante responds. 
“If I go over there, it´s to hurt you,” Mario replies. “Now sit down,” he says as he crunches his teeth. 
Scary, plain scary. Dante has no other choice but to sit down. The room stays silent until George takes over. But with that one joke they made about my best buddy, they´re getting on my good side. I don´t know why. It´s as if they´re growing on me. 
I´m stuffed and by the looks of it, so is everyone else. Out of nowhere, Carlos lights up a Cuban cigar. Thanks a lot. It is kind of stuffy in here as it is. Then the rest of them follow his action by lighting up their own. The only ones suffering are us, Dante, Danica and myself. We cough up some until we get acclimated. Damn, my lungs feel like crap right now. But we can we do? We´re in their home court. We´re in the senator´s house. We´re their guests. 
Tristan opens his fortune cookie and laughs at the piece of paper. “These things never tell me what I want to hear. Why can´t they ever tell me something about a vacation or that I´m going to meet someone who´s going to change my life?” he says as he crumbles up the piece of paper and throws it into the waste basket. 
“So George, what´s up? Why are we here?” Mario asks in a skeptical tone of voice. “Something wrong?”
“Yeah, you haven´t used the password in a long time. Last time you used it, it was a false alarm,” Frank adds. “It had something to do with the end of the world.”
“Exactly,” Danica blurts out her short message.
“How do you know?” Tristan asks as I quiet her down.
Danica looks at him with her dark brown eyes as if she´s being punished. “I don´t know what you´re talking about, sorry,” she says and then gives him a fake smile. 
I can tell that George is thinking about how to break the news to his comrades as he paces back and forth. Would you tell them already? They´re your friends for crying out loud. And what password are they talking about exactly? I didn´t hear any secret codes. 
George starts to breathe in and out. What´s he doing? Yoga? Come on, just do it already. Tell them. 
He walks around the table and finds Uriel´s shoulders. He puts his hands over them as the alien doesn´t flinch at all. The extraterrestrial looks around the table and I´m guessing he´s looking for something else to eat. He´s looking for more food but everything´s been taken away. Just the smell of cigar smoke. Yuck. 
“These Chinese people sure do cook good, don´t they?” Uriel says. “Is there any chance you´ll be getting any more? I´m still hungry.”
He says it in such an awkwardly fashion that laughter consumes the room. It´s even contagious, first the Prosecutors and then Dante, Danica and I. I just can´t help it. It was just an awkward moment. 
The spaceman looks towards me as if to tell me he doesn´t understand the commotion. He hits his fist on the table to generate attention. 
“I´m hungry. I´m still hungry,” he says as there is a strange silence. Uriel has had his first temper tantrum and boy was it scary. His eye color begins to change. They are starting to illuminate in intensity. He looks like his body chemistry is out of control. 
“Guys, guys, this is serious,” George says as he steps in to ease the alien´s temper. “Why does everything have to be fun and games with you guys?”
He looks around the room and gives us the same stare my sixth grade teach used to give me. He looks as if he´s punishing us for our lack of seriousness. He´s punishing us for getting the alien angry. 
The extraterrestrial´s eye balls are emerald green. They explode in intensity as I think he can´t control them any longer from his rage. 
“Need I say more?” George says. The Prosecutor´s cigars almost fall out of their mouths. Their eyes look like they´re going to fall out of their sockets. Their jaws drop. They look at the alien as is he were a circus animal. I´m guessing they´re making him feel uncomfortable from the look on his face. He´s probably embarrassed. Guess he didn´t want to get angry but this situation we´re up against is enough to get anyone angry, including alien life forms. 
“This boy is an E.T. He´s here to save the world,” Cagney tells his friends. 
Miguel gets up off his seat to take a closer look. He examines him, his face, his arms and legs. Then he pinches his cheeks. “Come on Cagney. This is some kind of practical joke. He looks human to me.” 
The Prosecutors erupt into laughter again but this time they´re alone. Come on guys. Act your age. You don´t see us laughing. Mario, Frank and Carlos get up off their seats. I didn´t realize they were such big guys. They head for the door as Carlos says, “Come on guys. We´ve been punked. And George, for one, be serious.” 
I whisper to Uriel, “You´ve got to do something. Use your powers. Do something. We need them. You need them.”
Mario tries to open the door but with no success. He´s pretty muscular for an older guy. 
“What´s wrong with this door? I thought we left it open,” he says. 
“Let me try,” Frank says as he too tries. He´s using so much of his force that a vein has suddenly popped out along the middle of his face. He´s red as a tomato. 
“What did you do to this door?” Carlos asks George. 
“Nothing,” Cagney responds. “I didn´t do anything.” 
A mysterious mist comes out of Uriel´s eye sockets. It´s mystifying. How does he do that? The door opens and shuts again immediately thereafter. Carlos, Frank and Mario move away from the door.
“Your place, it´s haunted,” Frank says as he´s clamoring like a baby. They begin to levitate as the others are without words. The others try to bring their friends down. Uriel gets up off his seat as he looks even more intense. He comes near the floating Prosecutors and says, “We need to fight together or your world will be no more.” 
I get up from the table and rush to his side. The Prosecutors are trembling in fear. 
“Uriel, these guys,” I say as I point at them. “They´re all good men. Just put them down. I think they believe you already.” 
I think it worked. I was able to calm him down as they are all being brought down gently and slowly. Yes, the space traveler is real. And the impending danger is evident. He´s here to help us. He has everyone´s attention as everyone quietly goes back to their seats like school kids. All eyes are focused on the traveler. 
“I knew this would happen someday. I knew it. Thank you and can I have your autograph? Can I take a picture with you? Can I have a souvenir, an alien artifact? A piece of your ship? Anything?” Tristan says. 
They are awestruck, all of them. 
“I´m not here for that. I´m here to help save your world,” Uriel responds.
“You know, I think something´s going on on Capitol Hill. Seems like many of the senators are taking vacations soon. All of them at once. And they didn´t invite any of us. I find that kind of strange, don´t you?” Carlos says. 
Well, in my humble opinion, I wouldn´t invite any of these guys on vacation with me either but he does have a point. Why? And what´s going on? Vacations? What would make them all do that, and at the same time? Something is definitely wrong. We´ve got to get to them before it´s too late, before they all leave. I knew things were bad but not like this. They know. That´s the only thing I can think of. 
“I heard that Andreiv, the billionaire, plans to clears them all out. The whole lot of them. He´s got secret underground bases all over the world. I would imagine he´s taking many of our world leaders and well as whoever had enough money to pay for that sort of thing. He´s got the power and the authority to do as he likes,” Miguel says as he shows us his serious side. “Nothing surprises me anymore.”
I should´ve known better. Finley´s dad is behind everything. Where else could he have gotten the Arc technology? He must´ve sold his soul. And why´s he doing this? He´s gotta be getting something out of this, something in return, but what? But what can they possibly give the man who has everything? 
“Well, what are we waiting for? Let´s do something,” Danica says as she stands from her chair. She looks like an army general, she´s nuts. I know that for sure now. She´s unpredictable. One minute she´s joking and the next, she´s serious. Women, will I ever understand them, their essence? 
I didn´t even know she was a public speaker. Where´d she acquire that skill? In debate class? 
“We have to plan this right,” George says as everyone gathers around the table. “We´ve got to get this guy to Capitol Hill and I mean as soon as possible, tomorrow morning. There´s no time to waste.”
This is great. So I´m going to the building where business deals are made on a daily basis. I´m going to the building where the movers and shakers roll their dice. We´re going to try our luck in front of the Senate. The Prosecutors plan on presenting the space traveler to their fellow colleagues. 
“We do this or die trying,” Mario says. 
Everyone is in good spirits we´re pumped and ready to roll. Then Danica gets up out of her seat and leaves the meeting. Yep, she´s unpredictable all right. 
“Excuse me,” I say as I pull out of my chair and head after her. 
“Take care of my baby sister,” Dante says as I open the side door. I walk out and there she is right by the moonlight. Her face looking up at the night sky as the crickets go wild with their chirping noises. 
“What´s wrong?” I ask as I approach her. 
“Nothing,” she responds.
“I´m serious. What´s wrong?” I ask her again. “I know you, remember? I know something´s up with you. Tell me already.”
There´s fresh air and it´s rather windy. The breeze is giving me the chills, even to give me goose bumps. 
“What´s next?” she finally says. “Will this all be gone? Today, tomorrow and the day after? I mean, what is there to look forward to.”
“We´re still here, aren´t we?” I respond. “Last time I checked we were still alive.”
“Yeah, but for how long?” she responds as I have shivers down my spine. She´s right, how long till this is all gone? And now I have the crazy feeling that someone´s watch us. I hear a creaking sound and look at the steps but there is nothing there. No small animals, nothing. The creaking continues and it sounds like it´s surrounding us. It´s getting closer but what is it? Sounds like bodies making their way towards us.
“What´s that? I ask. 
“What´s what?” she responds. “Wait, wait, I hear it too.”
So I´m not going crazy. Something´s here with us. Sounds like whatever it is, there are a lot of them. insects maybe? Some sort of animals below us? It could be coming from under the house? But it sounds like it´s here with us on the porch. 
I look around and when I look back at Danica, she yells. “I can´t move. What´s going on? I´m paralyzed.” 
“I don´t know what´s going on,” I tell her as I take a closer look at her and make my way towards her. I´m being very cautious as I approach her. 
“Get away from her. Move back or I swear I´ll slit her throat,” a voice says coming from her direction. 
“Who are you? Better yet, what are you?” I ask as I don´t advance any further. 
An image appears out of thin air. It´s behind Danica. It´s a copper plated human, I think. I´ve never seen anyone like that before. Or is that some sort of armor he´s wearing. 
Seconds later, dozens of others appear. I am surrounded by the whole lot of them. Copper-plated and all, soldiers with high powered weapons. Their suits are bright as the light from the moon bounces off of their bodies. 
“We are the District. We´re here to disable the alien and take his technology,” one of them says as he approaches me.
“What alien?” I respond as I try to play it dumb. 
“He means Uriel,” Danica says as one of them continues to have her in his grip. “Oops, I messed up.” 
“Yes, you did,” I tell her sarcastically. 
This is nuts. There are a whole lot of them and only a few of us, mostly inside having their laughs I suppose. 
Okay, who do I try to help? Danica, my long-time friend or Uriel? Well, he´s here to save the world. I´m going with the present. Here goes a lot of nothing but at least I could say I tried. And if I die, it was for a good cause, to save my best friend from alien invaders. 
I rush the copper-plated guards as I close my eyes. I swing at whatever or whoever I can. I hear the sliding door open as I feel many people pass me by. I open my eyes and there they are. It´s Dante, Uriel and the Prosecutors at full force. They´ve brought out their heavy artillery as many rounds are fired.
“Get back,” I hear Uriel as he slashes the guard in front of me. He cuts him right in half as a liquid substance gushes from its body. He´s freed Danica as she runs into my arms. Wow, what a feeling. It doesn´t get any better than this. 
The robotic guards begin their assault as well as there is smoke everywhere from their electrical bolts. It´s chaos as everyone is fighting. And what am I doing? I´ve got to get in there and fight, but I have no weapon. I look down and I reach for the torn guard´s assault weapon. I pick it up and look at it. How does this thing work? 
“Just shoot already,” Danica shouts. 
“And how do I do that?” I ask her. 
“Just press the button, all of them,” she responds. 
I press one of the buttons and I become invisible. 
I´ve got to admit, I like this power. How do I know I´m invisible? Because no one can see me, not even Danica. I go near her and take her hand and she too becomes invisible. Now I know we´re both invisible, I don´t want to let her go. I have a firm grip on her hand. And I don´t want to let go of this weapon either as I have it in my other hand. 
“Come with me,” I tell her. 
“Where´re we going?” she responds. 
“Just follow me,” I tell her.
Clearly, I have no idea what I´m going to do but I don´t want her to know that. I have to show her I have confidence. And, honestly, I have no idea what other tricks this weapon can do. I aim the weapon at the other guards and press another button as it fires off a sonic explosion that destroys two of them at the same time. They crack into pieces. 
Awesome, I hit something. There are more coming out of a mist in the wooded area behind the house. They must be reinforcements as they are everywhere. A portal maybe? Another dimension? Where are they coming from? I look around and it looks like a battlefield as the others fight valiantly to fight off the evil intruders. 
I lookover at Uriel as he too vanishes. I think I know what that means. But nothing happens. Where´d he go? He bailed on us. We´re getting clobbered, there are too many of them. 
We give up as too many of them approach and then something strange begins to happen. One by one, they begin to crumble to the ground. I can´t see what´s happening but it´s gotta be Uriel. He´s the one at work here. And then he reappears as he has a serious and angry look on his face. He goes towards the only remaining evil soldier and asks, “Who sent you?” he picks him up by the neck area and starts to squeeze viciously. 
The guard growls as it looks like he can´t take the pressure of Uriel´s strong hand.
“The Sub-Division,” he says and then completely passes out. Uriel lets go off the armored guard as he rolls onto the floor with the other dead soldiers. 
Danica and I reappear as I toss the weapon onto the floor. 
“We´ve got more than we can handle,” Uriel says. “Everyone in the house. It´s going to be a long night.”
“What´s a Sub-Division?” I ask. 
“They too are our brethren only they´ve chosen the wrong side,” Uriel responds. 
So, he´s got more family. His household is full of surprises. 
“But why would they choose the side of the crimson android? I don´t understand” he whispers to himself. It´s soft but I caught his words loud and clear.
I guess he´s trying to sort out some of his family issues. Every family has them, I think. 
We´re inside Cagney´s house and everyone´s securing the windows and doors. They put pieces of furniture to block everything. They put them to deter any further intruders. George´s got an arsenal in his house. he´s got sawed-off shotguns, handguns, rifles, guns I´ve never even seen before. 
So the Prosecutors have more up their sleeves than I previously thought. And they too b}kicked butt out there. So, they´re not a bunch of old men. I´m beginning to like them. they´re growing on me. Little by little, but they are. 
We´ve got every corner of the house covered. They´ve even set up traps and some doors and windows. They’ve even got explosives if they need to use them. nothing´s coming in here without us knowing about it first. 
“Tomorrow, it´s your day,” Cagney tells Uriel. “We´ve got to get you to the Capitol, no matter what.”
I can´t believe they attacked the senator´s house. And how´d they know the alien was here with us. What set them off? More importantly, who? What a bizarre situation. Strange, because we were practically attacked in our backyard. 
“We get you in and you do all the talking,” Mario tells him as he`s holding up a powerful shotgun. 
The police arrive, I guess from all the commotion and they leave as quickly as they came. George and the others have a lot of influence indeed. They left without asking any questions. What if we´d killed someone? What if we´d done something completely and horribly wrong? Ah, yes, the power of influence, it´s the only thing that counts these days. Ah, the money and all the glory that comes with it. 
“Alright, now, what`s the deal with tomorrow?” I ask. “How´re we going to do this?”
“We´re going to walk in and set up a meeting,” Miguel says. “Spaceman over there is going to do the rest.” 
I look over at Uriel and realize he´s clearly not of this world. He´s not an inhabitant and never will be. This has been a night to remember. And I have the feeling that the worst is yet to come. There is more to this than this. 
“We´ll take turns guarding the house,” George says as he too is holding up heavy artillery firepower. 
Honestly, I can´t remember a time I saw so many guns at once. I can`t sleep. I don´t think I´ll be able to either. I don`t want another secret attack to happen. I almost got killed. Danica almost got killed. We all did. What are we fighting for anyway? We barely got to see the light of day. We´re fighting to stay alive. We`re fighting, to stay alive. This is crazy. 
Danica walks over to me and says, “I never got to thank you.” 
“For what?” I answer. 
“For saving me back there. They would´ve killed me for sure,” she responds. 
“Look again, I didn´t save anyone. You´ve got the wrong guy,” I tell her. “Go look for your hero somewhere else. Here, in this house, I`m the weakest link. So don´t call me a hero, a savior, don´t call me none of that.”
“But,” she says before I cut her off. “No, I´m not.”
“Let´s face it. You´re too hard on yourself,” Danica says as she looks angry with me and walks away. 
And maybe I am. So what!
I look out and there´s a crescent moon. It`s beautiful, today it looks like no other. It´s unique as the color that comes to my mind is that of baby aspirin.
And there they are. The surrounding stars. I miss them. I miss them dearly, even if it´s only been a couple of days. Wow, we are small and petty creatures, I think to myself as I look up. We are tiny specks of dirt in an ocean of stars. 
I think I´ve finally had it. I´m falling asleep as my eyes feel heavy. But I´ve got to stay up. Anything can happen, especially tonight. 
Someone wraps their arms around me from behind. At first, it startles me but then it feels real good. 
It´s Danica as she says, “You´re strange, you know.” 
“Why´s that?” I ask. 
“You´re the one person I can´t give a compliment to,” she responds. 
“Yes, I can,” I respond as I yawn a bit. 
I keep my eyes on the world outside, the front lawn, while the others hold their positions around the house. I just realized, I`m the only one without a weapon. 
“No, you can´t and you know it,” she says. “I say thanks for helping me and you get angry. I mean, what guy does that? Ease up already.” 
I guess she´s right. Maybe that´s why I´m like this. Maybe that´s why I only get by at school. Heck, maybe, just maybe, that´s why I don´t have a girlfriend either. 
“You´re totally right. I´ve got to quit being so hard on myself,” I respond. “You´ve got a point.” 
“Yes, I do,” she says rather angrily. “I know you do. I know you better than anyone.”
So true. She definitely knows me almost perfectly. She could write a book about my life if she wanted, although it would definitely be a boring one at that. 
There´s a light mist outside. Wonder when they´ll try another assault? I wonder when and if they´ll attack us again? I´m sure, this is only the beginning. And in the morning, we´ll be in the Capitol talking with some of the Congressmen if not all. Whether they´re good or bad, they´re going to have to hear the traveler out. 
Danica puts her head against my shoulder and yawns. “I wish you the best tomorrow. There`s something about tomorrow that has your name written all over it,” she says. 
“Really?” I respond. 
Why would she say such a thing? I mean we´re all the same. I´m no better than anyone, especially not my friends. 
“Yeah, this could be your ticket out of here, our small town. That´s what you´ve always wanted, isn´t it?” she says. 
“That´s not true,” I respond. 
“Is that why you look up, at the stars?” she asks. 
I never really thought that way. I never really thought about that. It just seems natural to me. I mean, they´re there. The stars and all their glory. I look at them because they are a part of me, and they truly are. 
“Not really,” I respond. She knows me very well. She knows that I really wanted to say something else. 
“Then why?” she asks.
That´s a good question. How can I answer that? 
“I guess because I use them as an escape from my harsh reality. Sometimes I just feel like I don´t belong. I look up and imagine and imagine myself being as far away as possible. I see myself, my ideas, being accepted by something or someone greater than us,” I respond. 
I think I came off a little too passionate for my taste. Okay, so why did I answer that? What made me say that? It was as if someone else was talking through me. Someone else wanted me to say those things. 
Danica, soon after, has no strength to continue our conversation as she falls asleep. I quickly take her to a couch nearby and ponder her question. I go back to my post and stare at the nothingness outside. 
My imagination runs wild as it takes me to another mysterious realm. I see make shift images pop out of the darkness. I see strange creatures, warriors, soldiers and even zombies. I shoot at everything that moves with my fake futuristic weapon. I´ve clearly been watching too much television. I don´t think I can take any more of this as I finally fall asleep by the large window frame I´m taking watch from. But I think I´ll let the big boys take watch for a while, Tristan´s taken over my watch. I´m done for the night.  
Chapter 6
Someone´s pushing me. “Get out,” a male voice says. 
Get out of where? And where exactly am I? “Get out,” he repeats rather aggressively. “I don´t want you in here.”
I look over to my left and his image startles me. It scares me half to death. 
He pushes me again. “Hey, watch it,” I say as I almost fall down. 
The guy looks familiar, I just can´t place the face. Where have I seen him before? I wake up and I´m back at Cagney´s house. Tristan´s still taking my spot. “Go back to sleep. I´ve got this,” he says. 
Where am I? I touch myself to make sure I´m physically there. Ah, and yes, I am. I´m in Cagney´s house but who was that guy? The guy in my dream, I wonder. Eh, whatever. It was only a dream. I think Tristan can hold the fort for me. I yawn and then I quickly go under again. 
Now where am I? Wow, this place is awesome. I´m in a n arena or some sort of stadium. I´ve always wondered what it would be like to be a rock star. 
The seats are empty, and there it is, the stage. I´ve got to, I´ve got to see what it feels like to be on a stage, in the limelight. It´s waiting there, for me. It´s all mine. 
There`s music in the backdrop as I make my way up. There`s no band playing but it is a familiar tune. I know I´ve heard it before, but where? What´s the name again? The guy who sings this song? It´s at the tip of my tongue. 
“Who are you?” I hear someone say through the speaker system. 
What the, who said that? 
The music gets louder . I´m looking everywhere. Where did that voice come from? I remember, I remember now. Blood of Heroes, that´s it. That´s the song. I haven´t heard that song in quite some time. 
That voice, whoever it was, was probably no one important. 
A microphone falls and hangs in front of me from overhead. Wow, this is so cool. I wonder what it would be like to be in a band. This makes me wish I were a musician. I think that´s what many of us dream about at least one time in our lives. Everyone wants to be famous or on television, and I´m no exception but I surely don´t have the talent and I recognize that. I imagine if I were famous, now that would be super cool, totally awesome. I start to sing the song as it plays through the speakers. 
“I said, who are you? And what are you doing here?” the voice says hastily. 
A silhouette of a man approaches the stage from one of the side aisles. I can hear him clapping. “Bravo, bravo,” he says in a sarcastic tone of voice. 
Whoever it is, he`s tall and very thin and it looks like he´s wearing a trench coat. I can´t see him clearly because of the bright lights shining so brightly in my direction. I´m trying to get a good look as he makes his way onto the stage. He gets near me and the first thing he does is push me. 
“you´re trying to steal my show,” he says. 
“No, not at all. I don´t even know why I´m here,” I respond. 
“He sent you, didn´t he?” he says as he pushes me back again. 
“Who? What are you talking about?” I respond. 
I´ve gotten a closer look as his hair is puffy and very curly. 
“Gabriel sent you, didn´t he?” he says.
“Gabriel? Who´s Gabriel?” I ask insistently. 
At this point I push him back. He was aggressive so I guess I am retaliating. 
He looks awfully familiar. “Get off my stage,” he says. 
This is all too real. But what´s he talking about anyway? Why´s he so aggressive and worst of all, why´s he in my dream? I get it now. We must´ve crossed channels or something. He and I must be having the same dream. But how? Is it even possible? 
“You get off,” I tell the stranger. “I was here first.” 
He circles me and as he does, I have to admit, he scares me a bit. He looks so intense, it´s almost as if he´s looking for a fight.  
I don´t know what to make of him. I mean, he´s got caramel coated eyes and eye-liner. He doesn´t look like much of a fighter but he does look at me with a crazed look in his eyes. 
“What´s your problem anyway?” I ask him. 
“You´re my problem,” he responds. 
I realize this is just a dream. This doesn´t make sense. None of this does. I´m not a musician and I don´t go looking for fights. In fact, this can only be a dream. I´ll just let all of this slide and hopefully this´ll all go away soon. 
“Hey, you don´t have to be so aggressive,” I tell him. 
“This isn’t your dream. This isn´t even mine. As a matter of fact, I´ve been locked up here for who knows how long,” he says. 
“I don´t know what you mean by that but it´s got to be a dream. That´s how these things work,” I respond. 
“Nope, it isn´t,” he says.
“Why not?” I ask. 
“Because I`ve been locked up here for quite some time,” he says.
How can anyone be locked up in a dream? Dreams are meant to be enjoyed. Then I must be having a nightmare. It happens occasionally especially when I´m not sure what to do with my life, in high school and all. There are a lot of things that terrify me such as what I´m going to study, what college I´m going to attend, will I have a girlfriend? Those sorts of things turn my dreams into nightmares, the pressure and all. 
“Did something happen to you? Did someone kill you or something?” he asks as he finally stops and looks me straight in the eyes. 
“No, not at all. Last thing I remember, I fell asleep. That´s how I got here,” I respond. 
Why would he ask me such a thing? That definitely doesn´t make sense. 
“Then how did you get to my world?” he says. “This is my purgatory.” 
I can´t help but laugh. He´s kidding. Of course he is. There´s no way. 
“What exactly happened to me?” he asks me. 
“I don´t even know you. What makes you ask something like that?” I ask. “What the %$@&?” 
“You serious?” he says in a rather pompous voice. “You really don´t know me?” 
He looks at me and does a double take. “Am I supposed to?” I respond. 
“I´m Gustav Sanity,” he says as I suddenly wake up and dawn is breaking. The sun begins to blossom. The birds sing song after song relentlessly and with ho particular rhythm. 
I can´t believe it. I don´t want to. I was with Gustav Sanity. It was all so real. I remember the story a couple of years back as he was giving a concert and he flat out collapsed. He had so many loyal fans that turned out at the hospital. A good chuck of them are probably still there waiting for him to wake up. He had a brain aneurysm, some say he smoked too much and that that´s what caused it. Now, I don´t know if I buy that idea so much. He´s been in a coma for quite some time. 
I admit, I really liked his music, a lot actually, but I didn´t follow him religiously. 
He was always so outspoken. He believed in what he did. If he is still in a coma, then how did I reach out to him? Was I really in purgatory? Or was it just a figment of my imagination? 
I get up and head to the table. I grab Cagney´s laptop. I turn it on and go to youtube.com. I´m looking for that song, the video, Blood of Heroes. I want to sing along in my mind while I remember the last dream I had. What did it mean? 
And Gustav, isn´t he practically dead already? My mind is playing tricks on me. I wait for the video and sing along quietly as I absorb the images of a very memorable video. 
I think I´m going crazy. All of this doesn´t make sense. Now I´m talking with a comatose rock star. I play the song several times until it all sticks, the words, the music, the brooding melody. What does it all mean? 
Dazed and confused but still on my feet
I wait to be pushed towards the abyss
I´m fighting a battle between life and death
I´m hanging from a thread
The blood of heroes where have they gone to, why did they leave?
The blood of heroes where have they gone to when does it end?
Don´t cry, don´t cry because angels cry
Don´t cry, don´t slide because angels don´t die
I just saw a light a paradise is getting closer everyday
My pain is no more my wounds have healed I can feel it
The blood of heroes where have they gone to, why did they leave?
The blood of heroes where have they gone to when does it end?
Don´t cry, don´t cry because angels cry
Don´t cry, don´t slide because angels don´t die
Dante comes over and asks, “What´re you doing?”
“Nothing really,” I respond. “I´m just listening to something, that´s all.”
“That´s cool. I like that song,” he responds. 
Can I ask you a question?” I ask. “Is he still in a coma?”
“Who?” he asks. 
“You know, Gustav, the guy who wrote this song?” I ask.

“Oh right. What was I thinking?” he responds. “Last thing I heard he was fried, burnt toast. I´m pretty sure of it.”
It´s day time and the Prosecutors prepare themselves for the long day ahead. It was a rather grueling night. We were attacked, by what or whom, I´m not sure. Katherine made everyone coffee, eggs and bacon. 
“Go upstairs and put something on. Something more appropriate,” Cagney tells Dante and I.”
“I´m not going,” Danica says from the couch she´s lying on. Her eyes are closed. Dante goes over and tries to help her up. She begins to cry. She´s very emotional. “I said, I´m not going.”
“Come on, get up,” Dante tells her politely and softly. 
She must be having another bad dream or something. He turns to me and she clocks him square in the jaw. Her brother falls to the floor and lucky for him it´s carpeted. She gets up and smiles and then looks at her brother. She sees him just lying there. I guess she didn´t notice what she did. 
“Dante, get up. We´ve got work to do,” she says. “You´re so lazy at times.”
She walks by him and straight into the bathroom. Dante starts to wake up. He was out cold for a couple of seconds. Wow, she hit him hard. 
“Lucky punch. That´s all,” he says as he gets up slowly. He checks his jaw, I guess, because he wants to make sure she didn´t break it. “But I hate it when she does that.” 
I go up to Dante and help him up the stairs. The look on everyone else´s face is memorable. It´s not every day that you see a tiny girl knock over her muscular and taller brother. She´s left everyone speechless. 
“I thought you said she never knocked you down,” I tell Dante as we´re walking up the staircase. 
“Don´t start,” he responds with an angry look on his face. “Just keep walking. I don´t want to hear another word out of your mouth.” 
I can´t help but laugh. It´s just that he´s been my caretaker all these years and the only person I´ve ever seen him get knocked out by is his sister, Danica. Now, that´s something to laugh about indeed. I mean the thought alone makes me crack up hysterically. 
“What´re you laughing at?” he asks.
“Nothing, nothing,” I respond.
It´s about five times the size of my room and it´s only his walk-in closet. He´s got lots of styles to choose from. There´s a sense of style oozing from this closet. It´s like a warehouse. Dante and I look for the most expensive suits we can find. We´ve even put bets to see which one chooses the most expensive attire. 
Uriel comes in and eyeballs everything. It´s as if he is scanning what to wear. He picks up a magazine from a coffee table just outside the closet and checks the cover. Then he puts it down again. 
We can´t beat that. His style, it´s so elegant. He shouldn´t be on his way to the Capitol, he should be on a fashion runway somewhere. We´re no match for his style and presence. Absolutely not.
“Show off,” Dante says. 
“I don´t understand,” the spaceman says. 
“What he means is, well, you look good,” I respond. 
“No I didn´t. I didn´t…,” Dante says before I cover his mouth. 
I see Uriel looking at us and I smile and then look at my best buddy, “He could kill you, you know. Just like that.” I snap my fingers to make him soak in the image.
“Yeah, you´re totally right,” Dante whispers back. 
“You fashion slut,” Dante tells him angrily. 
“Never mind,” I tell Uriel. “They´re just compliments.”
I smell something sweet and intoxicating in the air. Where´s it coming from? Smells delicious. It´s Danica as she makes her way into the bathroom where we´re all trying to put our finishing touches in. 
And she mesmerizes. She catches my attention. Where´d she get that outfit. It makes her look sophisticated, intellectual. It makes her look different. She looks older but in a good way. She has the grace of an angel. Is it really her, I wonder. She strolls on by as the movement in her hips carry her presence so beautifully. This is not the same Danica I´m used to. She looks over at me and winks and then she looks at herself in the mirror. 
“what did I tell you Enoch?” she says. 
“About what?” I respond nervously. 
“About my brother. So what if I´ve knocked him out a couple of times,” she responds.
I look over at Dante and his only look is that of anger. He looks like he´s going to turn into some crazed lunatic. But not a word comes out of his mouth.
And I think I´m making it obvious. I can´t keep my eyes off of Danica. What´s wrong with me? What´s she doing? Better yet, what´s she wearing? Damn, she looks hot. I think, I hope, this feeling will go away. I hope this feeling goes away I continue to repeat in my head. No, why is this happening to me? I want this feeling to pass. I feel a certain energy bursting, radiating from her body. Or is it mine that´s doing that? I thought Uriel was the only one out of place. Now, I´m not sure what to say. I feel kind of strange. I mean this past weekend I felt fine and now I don´t know what´s going on in my head. My body, my stomach just feels funny. Butterflies, is that what they call them? I sure hope not. That would mean I have a crush on Danica, don´t want that. No way in the world. 
She looks at me and smiles then she walks away and goes downstairs with the others. I check myself one last time in the mirror. I want to make sure I look good. Today´s just one of those days I guess. I don´t normally care what I look like but the whole world might be watching. I want to look good, that´s all. There, now I´m ready. Ready to go. 
What would Dante do if I asked his sister out on a date? What would Danica say if I asked her out? I know the answers to both questions already. The answers are, Dante would kill me and Danica, well, she´d probably laugh and not take it serious. And I understand them both perfectly. She´s Dante´s little sister and I´d probably do the same. And Danica well, I would imagine, she wouldn´t want to tarnish her image at school. 
I walk downstairs and everyone´s there waiting for me, I think. But the only sight that´s got me going is that of Danica. Stop staring. Stop staring. What are you doing, I think to myself. Control yourself. Control your hormones. She´s your best friend for crying out loud. 
I divert my attention by focusing on Uriel. He´s anxious. I can see it in his eyes. I can even see it in his bones. Wow, what a difference someone can make in your life, I think. It´s an impact I´ll soon never forget. I feel differently, even though I met him just a couple of days ago. He´s given me something I can´t yet put my finger on. I don´t know if it´s that he´s given me more courage or maybe he´s helping me with an identity I thought I would never have.  
This is me now. I´m part of something special, something extraordinary. Nothing can ever replace this experience, nothing at all. Whatever happens today will shape the future of our planet for a long time to come. 
“Are you ready?” Cagney tells us all. 
I look around and it seems like they´re all ready. They´re ready for whatever comes their way. Dante clenches his fists and says, “Let´s get this party started.”
We go out the front porch and everyone´s heavily armed. Massively. 
“Wait,” Uriel says. He raises his hand and a holographic cube surrounds all of us. “Put down your weapons,” he adds. “This should be a peaceful encounter. We won´t convince anyone of our actions with guns blazing.”
Everyone puts their weapons down on the ground as the cube gets bigger. It´s spinning very fast around us. I love the look on everyone´s faces. They look mystified and as for me, I feel the same. I mean, what does this thing do?
In a matter of seconds everything around us just disappears. There´s nothing but total darkness. 
“Where are you taking us?” Danica asks the traveler. 
The spaceman looks at her with a blank stare and then looks up. What´s he looking at? I don´t see a damned thing. There´s nothing there or at least I think there isn´t. it´s pitch black. 
“To our destination,” Uriel answers slowly afterward.
He said he´s taking us to our planned coordinates. But how does this work then? It´s almost as if we´re in a room with no furniture. Detention maybe? I doubt it, this is much cooler. Or at least, I hope it is. 
There´s turbulence and then it stops. He lowers his arm as right above us there´s a spectacular domed ceiling. It only reminds me of the first time I met the spaceman. It looks like a UFO but it´s not. The interior of the building is beautifully decorated. I remember it now. It´s totally magnificent. We´re in the Capitol building. I remember it well. And it feels a whole lot more intimidating this time around. It´s almost imposing. It´s as if the building can speak and is telling us, “Go back where you came from.” 
“Hey look,” a young boy says to his mother as he points in our direction.
Carlos looks at the boy´s mother and then at him. He tells them, Official business. You didn´t see anything.”
“Yes I did,” the child says. 
He kneels down and reassures him, “No, you didn´t, young man.”
“I know what I saw,” he responds. 
“Okay, now, tell us, what did you see?” Mario asks the boy with his intimidating presence. 
The boy looks fearless. “I saw you guys appear out of nowhere,” he says. 
“You´re hallucinating. Do we look like aliens?” Tristan asks rather nicely. 
“No, come to think of it, maybe I didn´t see anything,” he says.
“Listen kid, you and your mom, get out of here before we call the loony patrol on you both,” Frank steps up and says.
The mother´s eyes look like they´re going to pop right out of their sockets. She grabs her boy and they run up the nearest spiral staircase. 
“Crazy woman,” Uriel says as if he were from our planet. He makes it sound so natural. 
We begin our journey through what feels like a nuclear power plant. I can feel the power running through the building´s veins. For the Prosecutors, this walk through this large edifice is probably a cakewalk but for me it´s probably the most emotional time in my life. It almost scares me to think about it. 
I´ve noticed we´re different. I mean we look different. We don´t have identification badges and it´s only a matter of time till the security guards ask us for them. 
“We need ID´s,” I tell Uriel. 
He taps his chest. “Are these good enough,” he responds as he takes them out of his pocket. He passes them around. He has one for each of us. But how does he do that?
“You did them all by yourself?” Danica asks as she takes hers. 
“This suit does the unimaginable,” he says as he taps his chest as to tell us that his body armor produced the badges. “It´s part of me. It responds to most of my requests almost automatically.” 
His armor, the emblem, they are the true source of all of his power. I wish I had the ability to conjure up things. I wonder what I would ask for? Good question. I think I´d ask for many things. I´d probably want what most kids have, nice shoes, nice clothing, jewelry, a state of the art television set, even a car. 
I can complain that I´m not like the other kids at school but deep inside, that´s all I want. I want to be like them. I want to be normal. But I guess that´s only wishful thinking. I don´t want to get picked on. I don´t want everyone to think I´m a flake, that I´m different. 
But I am different. Who am I trying to kid? I don´t know who I inherited this from, if it was my mother or father. But if I really chose, I would definitely want to be accepted. 
I look and walk forward with the group. I walk with a confidence, something I´m not accustomed to. It´s something I´ve always wanted but never really had. 
Tristan and Mario signal us to follow them. They must know this place inside out. They must know everyone there is to know as well. They walk us closer to our prime spot, I suppose. 
There are men dressed in dark suits everywhere. They´ve got earpieces as it looks like they´re talking to one another. They´ve gotta be secret service men. And there are also tourists virtually everywhere. I mean, who wouldn´t want to visit one of the most powerful buildings in the world. It´s a place where a variety of game changers from all walks of life come to influence others into playing into their mysterious and dangerous games. This is Capitol building baby.
The Prosecutors walk us through a stretch of black and white checkered floors. 
“Here it is,” Tristan says. “Just beyond those door.”
Something´s noticeably wrong. They´ve must´ve seen us. Armed police guards gather around us.
“Stop,” one says as he raises his gun and then everyone else. I hate it when people point things at me. It´s downright disrespectful. And these guns, well, they´re plain dangerous. It´s downright frightening. 
Uriel moves forward as a shot is fired. The only thing that´s heard is a continuous roar from the barrel of some of their guns. They must´ve shot at us at the instance the traveler froze time. We walk right through an entrance with a red velvet drape hanging from topside. We´re untouched as we walk through the armed guards and into the utter chaos. The senators seem to be unaffected by the craziness outside. Uriel probably planned it that way. I hear more bickering than anything. From what I´m seeing, all the senators do all day is fight, fight and fight. They just like to waste time. They´re more like barbarians than actual politicians. Their meeting room is gigantic, at least, that´s how I see it.
They haven´t even noticed we´re there. 
“Welcome to Congress,” Dante says sarcastically as he holds up his arms in disgust. “And this is why nothing ever gets done.” 
“How can anyone work with all this noise?” Danica asks. 
This is totally distasteful. I´ve never really thought about it. The reason why nothing ever gets done. The reasons why this world is falling apart from the inside. The difference, we have business interests, people´s interest and then we have their interests. The reason why things are the way they are? It´s simple, they flat out don´t care. There is no way anything can get resolved in this chamber. They should lock it up and throw away the keys. 
“This place is a mess,” Uriel tells me. 
“No, it´s an embarrassment,” I respond
I´m so ashamed. When will the fighting end? When will the conflicts subside? We´ve walked in on a two-party system that has done little to resolve their differences in the past. The only clear thing they know how to do is oppose each other´s special interests. There´s so much noise that I feel like I´m at a football match. It´s a madhouse. There are various speakers who take turns speaking about meaningless issues. And meaningless they are because no one´s really paying any attention. 
Tristan separates from the group and goes up to one of the senators. He tells him something as they the senator and the surrounding political leaders look our way. I assume he´s asking him for a little help or cooperation. He gets up off his chair and heads towards the podium. He whispers something into the speaker´s ear. I feel like a foreigner in my own country. I´m completely take away by the disorganized group of policy-makers. These guys run this country, my country? 
It´s getting louder and now they´ve started to make and throw paper airplanes in protest. Only thing I can recognize is that this place is a zoo, a zoo filled with disorderly monkeys. This is the reason why the world is the way it is. Not because of these guys, it´s because of the people who put these guys here. The joke´s on us for believing these people care at all. The joke´s on us for believing people can be conservative or liberal. To me, they´re all the same. They´re a bunch of extremely wealthy big-wigs. Why can´t they be both or at least, somewhere in the middle? Labels? I´ll never understand them. You´re either popular, a nerd, an extrovert, an introvert, a jock, stuck-up, cool or just a plain bully. 
Anyway, they´re forgetting about the human element, the people. They´ve forgotten about the backbone. These slimy worms, they care more about where they´re going to make their next millions and the stock market than anything else. They don´t care about the unemployed father whose got to find a means to protect and care for his children. 
The crowd is beginning to quiet down as the speaker calls for silence with his wooden mallet. Finally, I thought they´d never shut up. 
The speaker calls on Cagney as it is almost completely silent. He finally takes the floor as we have nothing better to do than to cheer him on. I feel a bit awkward as most of the crowd looks our way unimpressed. Cagney stands at the podium right next to the speaker. 
He looks unsure of himself as he looks around. I guess he´s looking for some sort of reaction from the other political leaders, but it never comes. 
What are you waiting for Cagney? Say something. This isn´t going to get any easier. I guess he´s never had to do this before. He addresses himself and then addresses the crowd. I have a feeling that when he starts this is going to get monumental. I can´t wait for him to introduce the alien to Congress. George is having a tough time delivering his introduction. I´m guessing he´s not sure how to present an extraterrestrial being. The other senators begin to get restless. They even boo him at the stand. I don´t think he´s a good speaker at all. This is probably the part, a position, he inherited from his rich parents. They must´ve given him this position. Handed it over on a silver plate. And the other senators? Well, they just don´t care, I´m assuming. At least Cagney´s trying but the other political leaders are outraged. They demand answers. This place has officially turned from bad to worse. From a zoo to the untamed wilderness. What is wrong with these guys? Don´t they have any respect? And they can themselves leaders? Of what jungle? They are clearly uncivilized. This is a very discouraging situation but Cagney finally finds his demeanor and gets aggressive at the stand. 
“Silence,” he says with a roaring voice. 
It´s about time as he restores some order but it may be too late. I sure hope not because there´s a lot to be said and done. The alien´s gotta tell them everything.   
Honestly, for an adult, Cagney´s pretty indecisive. It took him too long.
“I´m here to present someone to this great counsel,” he says as there is too much feedback coming from his mic. “Come on along Uriel,” he says as he waves him over to the podium. “Come down here for the world to see.”
He pauses to give the traveler an opening. “What you are about to hear is going to change your lives, forever,” Cagney says as the alien makes his way up slowly. “Allow me to introduce you to Uriel. He`s here with a message.”
Uriel continues to walk as he observes the crowd. He walks the passageway with his shades still on. He pauses, I`m guessing, to get a better look at his audience members. For seconds at a time, there´s a noticeable green tinge coming from within his dark frames. I´m sure he`s anxious to take them off as soon as possible. He steps up to the microphone and taps it to make sure it`s working properly I suppose. He gets too close causing some minor and distracting feedback. It´s enough to cover our ears. 
The crowd erupts into a frenzy as it looks like he´s not sure what he should do either. Only thing I feel is that our political leaders are ungrateful. They`re so disrespectful that all I want to do is punch the whole lot of them. Let him talk already.
George races up to the podium as he adjusts his glasses yet again. 
“Again, he needs your undivided attention,” he says politely as the crowd begins to simmer down. There is some occasional laughter coming from various parts of the chamber but almost all are quiet and attentive. Cagney then practically shows the alien how to use the microphone. 
Uriel puts his head down and takes off his shades, folds them and then puts them away. He lifts his head with his eyes closed. Then he exposes the majesty of his glittery green eyes as he opens them slowly. He looks around as everyone´s faces are in shock. He´s startled them, I think, all of them. 
“Who are you?” someone screams. The extraterrestrial looks in the direction of the question. 
“I´m Uriel,” he says almost as if he was a shy boy or maybe he didn´t understand why someone would ask since he was already introduced. 
“Okay, then, what are you here for?” another voice says jokingly. 
There´s more laughter and then an awkward silence. Guess they´re waiting for him to get into details. Another senator comes from outside the chamber, “The guards, they seem to be petrified. They`re not moving,” he says. “They´re in some sort of suspended animation.” 
Uriel looks around as the news has quieted the Senate leaders. 
“I am not from your world nor do I pretend to be. Gentlemen, I am here because something horrible is about to happen, something unimaginable, the unthinkable.” 
He´s got their attention for sure now. He seems to have connected with them, finally. 
“You are destined to inherit a fate far worse than you could have ever imagined,” he adds. 
“Who is this flake?” another voice shouts out. 
The political leaders put their thumbs down in protest. It´s a sign of no confidence. Guess they don´t believe Uriel. Why else would they do such a thing? 
The spaceman looks in our direction. He´s looking straight at us. And soon afterwards, I´ve lost control of my body. I begin to levitate and so do Dante and Danica. I am floating above the crowd, high above. Hope they believe him now. I´m not floating any longer, I´m flying slowly and around the chamber. My body is accelerating, my flight pattern is getting faster. I am cruising along at a greater speed than I could have ever imagined. And now, I´m getting scared. I look over and see my best friend´s doing the same. Dante´s covering his eyes and Danica, well, she´s being herself. Dante looks like he´s going to hurl at any moment. And I am feeling the same. Danica embraces the moment as she flies on by.
“More, more,” she says. “Faster Uriel.” 
She´s having so much fun it makes me sick. Make it stop, please. This is way too much for me.  
Danica passes me again. She´s going extremely fast. “Live it up guys,” she says. “It´s not every day you can fly, you know.” 
She makes yet another turn. “I can fly. I can fly. Look everyone, I can fly,” she says almost like a little girl on a swing set. 
“Would you stop it already?” I tell her and her only reaction is that she sticks her tongue out at me. 
I look over at poor Dante and I think his face is turning blue. Mine is probably that color as well. I look down at the senators below as they are impressed judging by the looks on many of their faces. 
I begin to slow down and cover my mouth. I almost yakked. Thank goodness he decided to slow us down. We completely stop moving and are motionless in the air. We´re beginning to descend onto the floor. We´re being brought down slowly and gently. 
“Wait, wait,” Danica says. “Come on Uriel, please just one more time.” 
She´s the only one complaining because Dante finally lets it all out as his feet slowly touch the ground. 
What did he have for breakfast? He couldn´t have had all of that. It´s not humanly possible. How can someone eat so much? I´m happy to be on the ground but Dante takes it one step further. He´s kissing the floor and Danica, we all know Danica, she´s pouting like a little baby. I´m sure she would´ve loved to stay up there, in the air like that. 
Chapter 7
“What have you done with the guards outside?” a senator asks Uriel. 
“They´ll live,” he responds. 
The senators seem to be more worried about their present situation than about the world at stake. A senator makes him way up to the podium. 
“Who´s that?” I ask Frank. 
“Who´s that? That´s only one of the most influential politicians in the Senate, Oscar Madison,” he responds.
The popular senator gets to the podium and bumps the alien. He is in command of the microphone for the moment. I wonder what he´s going to say. 
“I don´t know about you all but I know what I´ll be doing in the next couple of days,” he says with a thick country accent. 
“What´s he talking about?” I ask Frank. 
“I´m not sure,” he responds. 
The cocky politician continues his speech, “I think most of ya´ll know what I´m talking about.” 
He looks around seriously and then smiles, “I´ll be on the same space station somewhere on the moon somewhere sipping champagne and eating like a pig,” he adds. 
Space station? On the moon? What´s he talking about? So this has something to do with his vacation, all of their vacations. Some all of these guys are on the same boat, saving themselves, not worrying about the rest of the people. They´re thinking about abandoning the world in its greatest time of need. Great move senators. I know where they´re headed off to but how about us? What do we do next? It´s true they´re going to leave us here to rot. 
They´ll be evacuated soon but what happens to the people? This doesn´t look so good. It´s the end of the world and they know it and they feel fine. 
People will be trapped. Innocent lives will be lost. What do we do next? Who´s there left to talk to? The President? He´s probably in on this as well and so are the rest of our world leaders. They´ve got a “get out of jail card free” card while the rest of us are left to burn on this world. 
“Enough said,” Senator Madison says as he runs off laughing hysterically. 
This has all gone from bad to worst. This is a desperate time, probably the most I´ve ever felt. I take one last look at the hypocrites and fat big wigs, our so-called political leaders. I am disgusted and appalled at their behavior, their lack of importance, their arrogance. I hope they rot on the moon. 
I think of all the innocent lives, the people, trapped, who will soon lose their lives. I think about the younger generations, the children, the most innocent of all bystanders. How will this all end? Do we still have a fighting chance or is everything and everyone doomed?
Uriel steps back onto the podium. “Gentlemen, I think I´ve said all I need to say.”
The alien looks at all of them as they´re not paying attention. They´re packing their belongings and calling it a day. 
“You´ve definitely taken the wrong side…anyway, I thank you for your time and attention,” Uriel says as he wraps up his speech.
He puts his shades back on. “I´ll see you all burn,” he says and then walks through one of the passageways and then exits the chamber. 
Wow, harsh words. But they deserved it. We didn´t accomplish anything. We exposed them for who they are. They´re rats. 
The senators too are exiting. It´s as if they paid no mind to our extraterrestrial friend as he left the conference room. 
“Let´s get out of here,” Cagney tells us all. “They´ll come looking for us.”
He´s totally right. And where did the alien run off to? He´s the reason why we´re here safe and sound. Without him, the armed guards are sure to put us in jail. Trespassing illegally and a bunch of other things, I´m sure. 
We exit through the doors and everything´s still at a standstill, the guards, the secret service agents, even the tourists. And there he is again. Yusep Andreiv and he´s got some black hooded character next to him. 
“Going somewhere?” Yusep asks. 
His armored troops come marching in and he´s got the trademark killer smile of his. I wonder how he manages to keep that suave and sophisticated demeanor. Yuck, I hate him. Almost as much as Finley. 
“Attack,” Yusep says as we run for any cover we can find. We have no weapons and no Uriel. We go back inside the chamber and hide while shots are being fired everywhere. I can almost taste the gunpowder. Uriel, where´d you run off to, I wonder. What do we do now? Wait for our apparent deaths? Maybe, just maybe, they´ll run out of bullets. Fat chance, it was only wishful thinking on my part. It sounds like they´re completely destroying the building. 
Dante comes over and ducks down, “This is crazy,” he says.
Someone flips off the fuses and the lights go out but you can still see the gunfire. It´s gotta be one of the Prosecutors, I´m sure. And so what, I think. It´s dark and they´ve got guns, big guns. It´s pitch black, I can´t see anything in front of me. This is craziness. I hear something above me. Something is moving. It´s comes over and down on us quickly. What is it? It feels like a net or a web of some sort. But it´s made of wires, steel wiring or something like that. I hear Danica scream. Sounds like she´s scared. 
“Danica, where are you?” I whisper as loud as I can. I don´t want to give up our exact location. A voice gets next to my ear and screams at the top of her lungs. 
“I´m here,” she screams. 
“Did you have to be so loud?” I ask her quietly. Honestly, I think she did something to my eardrum. That hurt.
“I really wanted to make sure you were safe and sound, that´s all,” she responds. 
“Great, now everyone knows we´re here. Thanks Danica,” I say. “Let´s move,” I add.
“Great idea,” Dante says. 
The lights come back on and we´re tangled in some sort of strange webbing material. It´s wiring and it´s thick. They´ve captured us. Two guards stand over us with their weapons drawn. One uses his weapon to tighten the web´s grip on us. It´s constricting our movements. Yusep has arrived as he looks clearly into my eyes. 
“News travels fast, doesn´t it?” Yusep says. 
“Yeah, it sure does and the world´s going to find out just who you really are,” I respond as the web gets tighter.
This thing, whatever it is, is getting tighter. It really hurts. And it´s only going to get worst as the three of us are stuck, trapped.
Where´d the Prosecutors go? And Uriel, I think you let me down. All of you, bailed on us big time. After we got you this far, you turned your back on us. Why?
“What´re you going to get out of this, Mr. Andreiv?” Danica says. “Working for the bad guys and all.” 
He comes closer to the net and smiles. “They´ve given me everything. Technology, power, they even promised me transformation.”
What type of change can they possibly offer you?” I ask. “The man who has everything.”
“My transformation will go beyond change. I will be one of them,” Andreiv responds. 
Why would anyone want to be one of them? They´re the bad guys, we´re the good guys. 
What greed does to a man´s soul. He has it all, yet he needs even more. He´s not satisfied with everything he has. 
“I want to rule the cosmos. I want to devour other worlds, different solar systems,” Yusep says. “It´s what I do for a living. It´s the only thing I´m good at. Sucking the life out of people, living beings, everything I can get my hands on. Money is no longer an object. I want blood, sweat and tears,” he adds.
I hear something or someone move quickly through the seats. Immediately thereafter, someone has a big knife over Yusep´s throat as the villain just laughs. I guess he´s not amused by the weapon. 
“Let them go,” Mario says viciously. “Get out of here,” he tells Yusep´s guards.
They hesitate but stand their ground. 
“I will kill him. I swear I will,” Mario adds. 
Yusep quickly calls them off. “Run along,” he says. 
The black hooded guy looks directly at Dante, Danica and I as he is the last to leave. He´s almost punishing us with his crazy eyes. But he doesn´t say a word, he leaves in silence. The hooded guy signals for the guards to move forward and to stay clear of the area. 
The other Prosecutors come out of hiding and help us get untangled from the strange metallic webbing. 
“Next time, your hand, your arm or anything that´s near my throat like that, I swear I´ll bite it off and eat it for breakfast,” Yusep tells Mario. 
“I should slit your throat right now, playboy,” Mario responds. He waits for all of Andreiv´s troops to evacuate completely and then he hits the millionaire in the back of the neck knocking him out cold. 
“How´d you get that thing in here?” Dante asks referring to his knife. 
“Did you really think any of us were going to come to this white collar affair unarmed?” Mario responds.
Makes complete sense. They´re crazy but they saved our lives. They´re not just old men, they´re insane. 
“We need to get out of here. Did any of you see where Uriel went off to?” I ask.
Where could he have run off to? He just flat out and left the first minute he got. I would´ve never thought he´d do that. 
“Not at all. I just saw him leave the chamber and then he was gone,” Tristan says. “Vanished completely.”
The lights begins to flicker on and off like the power is malfunctioning in the building. The building begins to tremble thunderously. They´re not the only things flickering. Uriel appears near the podium as he does the same. It´s almost as if he is an apparition of some sort. He finally appears completely as his head is down and he is holding a baton. 
What´s that for? And how´d he get here? He appeared out of thin air. 
“Come, he yells as us. “We´ve no time.” 
We all run as fast as we can towards the space traveler. Time has continued it´s normal course as the secret service agents and guards come crashing in. The effects must´ve finally worn off. 
“Move,” Cagney tells us as he pushes everyone along. The baton Uriel is carrying has turned into the same thing that got us here.
Bam! Bam! Shots are fired and they´re using tear gas to disorient us. We get under Uriel´s strange contraption and disappear. But before we do, I ask Uriel, “Where´d you run off to?”
He looks over at me cold and calculating, “I advised my fellow Arcs of their next objective.” He looks above again and adds, “This is far from over. It has only begun.” 
We arrive to a familiar setting, Cagney´s house. We´re safe and sound. Away from all the extreme gunfire but there´s a trail of blood on the floor. It´s Cagney and almost falls to the floor as Mario and Frank grab him and take him inside immediately. He´s losing a lot of blood and fast. He´s also very pale. He´s got a wound in his left abdomen area. They help him reach his home.
“I´m alright,” Cagney says as he almost falls down. He´s in agonizing pain. Great, we just met him and he´s dying on us already. They take him upstairs and onto his bed. Katherine´s come upstairs and to his aid with some sort of first aid kit. She´s fighting the tears but still manages to ask, “What happened?”
“Long story,” Miguel responds. “Come on. Let´s get this thing out of him.”
Cagney´s convulsing. He´s jumping up and down uncontrollably. He´s gone into shock. Carlos and Frank secure him to the bed. He´s almost uncontrollable. Katherine grabs a knife and some alcohol. Guess she´s done this before as she starts to remove the fragments from his wound. Little by little and one at a time. 
I´m worried and by the looks of it so is everyone else. Then everything stops. 
Uriel and I are the only ones moving. The spaceman tells me, “I wanted to show you something.” 
“Okay, why me?” I ask. 
This is kind of creepy already, this power of his. I think it´s because it´s just him and I. and if he wanted to do something to me, he could easily do so. Especially with everyone else frozen in time. The spaceman goes over to where Katherine is and touches her face. 
“it´s so soft and full of energy,” he explains. “But this is not what will save her husband.” 
“So she´s going to save him. That´s awesome,” I respond. 
He looks at me and says, “This is not about saving a life. Yes, he will live but what I´m trying to explain more meaningful.” 
I look over at Danica´s face as it´s frozen in time and there´s a worrisome look written all over her face. But honestly, I don´t know why I looked at her really. I think it´s because she´s beautiful, plain and simple. It´s different the way she makes me feel. Does this have something to do with us, me and Danica? Then I come back to the situation at hand. 
“Observe,” he tells me about Cagney and his wife´s body signatures. He pulls me closer to them and there it is. There´s a fire coming from within their chest areas. 
“Amazing, what is it?” I ask. 
It encircles their bodies whole, lightly but noticeable.
“This happens when a pair finds each other,” he says as he looks amused. “We all have significant others, the only problem is finding them, through time.” 
“You mean soul mates, right?” I ask. 
“Correct, soul mates on Earth. Energy blossoms on so many other worlds,” he explains. 
“Other worlds?” I ask. “How many?”
“Too many to count,” he responds. 
Wonder why they call them energy blossoms? And it so happens, it might just be a universal term. And so all of us have significant others? None of us is destined to die alone. None of us is destined to travel the limitless reaches of the universe alone. We all have our perfect partner, companion. Somewhere, throughout time.
“So it could take me a lifetime to find my energy blossom?” I ask. 
“Sometimes it takes even longer. Two, maybe three or more,” he responds.
“Lifetimes?” I ask.
“This is what the human element is all about,” Uriel explains. “It is about life and love. Most people can´t handle being without the other so when one dies the other goes quickly afterwards.” 
Uriel comes over to where I am and puts his arm around my shoulder. I think he knows this is way over, above and beyond my head. “It´s as if the soul wants to explode. It looks for an opening. It looks to find a way out. It seeks its companion.” 
“A way out of the human body?” I ask as he nods his head yes.  
The light flickers back on. We´re in real time once again. I can see Danica´s eyes light up like a Christmas tree. They´re twinkling on and off. Beautiful. I want to tell her but not any time soon. As a matter of fact, I´m not. 
George screams at the top of his lungs. Oh, the agony. 
“I´ll be alright,” Cagney says as his wife pulls a piece of metal out of his side. Piece by piece, minute after minute, taken out. The worst is finally over as they wrap him up. That was rather quick, it´s as if she knew where and how to pull them out of his body. So that was all done with love. And I wonder, wouldn´t our world be a better place if we had more of it.
“You´re not done yet,” Uriel says. “You´re coming with me.” 
“Where?” I ask. 
“We need allies. You´re the only one that can convince them. I´m sure of it,” he responds. 
“Of what?” I ask.
“Of helping us. We need to get as many people off this rock as possible,” he responds. 
He´s mad. Does he really think I can convince a race of aliens to band with us? Who´s he kidding? I have no diplomacy in my bones. Why doesn´t he pick Dante, the natural born leader? Or Danica, the one full of charisma and charm? Me, I can´t even convince my mom and dad to let me sleep over someone else´s house. Plain and simple, I´m just an average schmo. And now he wants me to help save the world. Oh boy, we´re in trouble. 
“Let´s go,” Uriel says as he walks me to the door and then downstairs.
“Wait, can´t I say goodbye?” I ask the alien. I stall some time, I mean, where am I going anyway, I wonder. In that instance Dante and Danica come racing downstairs and to the door. 
“What´s up?” Dante asks. 
“Yeah, where you going and without us?” Danica asks with a smile on her face. 
I look over at Uriel, “I´m not sure. Where exactly are we going?” I ask almost scare to find out. 
“We´re going to Sirius. Home to some of our greatest allies,” he responds. 
“Sounds like a satellite broadcast system to me,” Dante says jokingly. 
“What´s wrong with you? Let´s get serious,” Danica says as she joins in the fun. 
What´s wrong with Uriel? Everyone´s laughing except for him. They were only joking. 
“So true, so true,” I respond laughing as well. 
“That´s not funny,” Uriel responds. “You know them as the Grays.” 
“What?” we respond in unison.
My jaw almost drops straight to the floor. This is crazy. Yes, I´ve heard of them. Who hasn´t? They kidnap people in the night. Some never come back. They conduct experiments on them and then bring them back with emotional problems. 
“I´m not going,” I tell the spaceman. 
“You have to,” the traveler responds. “There´s no other option. We´re about to go at war.” 
Danica looks at me and whispers, “Those creepy aliens are his friends? They can help us? How? By abducting more of us? He´s got to be kidding us?”
I´ve read millions of stories. The Grays and their so called close encounters. The UFO experts call them abductors. They steal people in the darkest of night. They stop time. They conduct experiments and sometimes even torture their patients. Or should I call them, victims? 
“The people need you. I need you,” Uriel tells me. “I can´t force you to go.”
“How do I know this isn´t a trap? How do I know they won´t do the same to me?” I ask. 
“Relax, their history is more complex than what you hear on your television sets,” the alien responds. “They´re our friends. Trust me.”
“I´m glad I´m not going,” Danica blurts out. 
“Me too,” Dante agrees. 
At that moment I can sense something coming down from the clouds as we´re outside. Though I can´t see it, I can sense it´s there. I can sense my time is coming. 
“Can´t any other alien species help us? Maybe the ones that try to eat our brains. I mean, the Grays? Why them?” I ask Uriel. 
“I´m afraid not. They´re the only ones who haven´t taken sides,” the traveler responds. 
Danica pulls me by the collar, “I told you. This is you. This was meant for you. The stars, the alien, the spaceship, other planets, all you, Enoch,” she says. 
Does she have an alter ego? Does she have a double personality or something? I don´t get her. One minute, she´s having the time of her life and the next, she´s, she´s…well…she´s serious. 
Uriel hands over a colorful, crystal-like emblem. One like the one on his left shoulder. And something physiological happens to my body. It´s an immediate sensation. It´s as if it´s fusing itself with my body. It´s agonizing, the pain at first. It´s almost as if it is becoming one with my body chemistry. It´s becoming part of me. It´s feeling less uncomfortable but I do feel a bit suffocated as it adjusts with my physiology. I can sense my molecular structure changing. I feel a magnificent surge of energy coming from within my body. 
The spacecraft, or as Uriel calls it, Locust 4, lands. I know it´s there but I can´t really see it. I can see a silhouette of a craft. I´m sure it´s because I am now wearing one of their armored body suits.
By the time it lands completely, most of the Prosecutors gather outside. 
“How´s George?” I ask. 
“Doing fine. He´s a warrior. In fact, he´s better than that. He´s a Prosecutor,” Mario responds. “What´s going on?”
I´m out, that´s what,” I respond.
“Where to?” Frank asks.
“We need all the help we can,” I respond. “We´re going for some friends.”
“Friends?” Mario asks.
“Yep, you know, friends, up there,” I respond as I point upwards. “I hope.”
“Oh, I get it now,” Mario says. “Well, you be careful, you hear?” 
“I will. I promise,” I respond.
 I don´t want to alarm them but I´m terrified and worried at the same time.
I´m scared and for good reason. The human race is in my hands. It´s all on me to convince the Gray guys. Honestly, I´m taking a crap. But on the other hand, this is a life-long dream. I´m an astronaut. Who doesn´t dream of this? I´ve always wanted to travel through space. And I don´t even have to do any training to do so. 
Uriel waits just outside. He extends his arm forward. 
“Come, we have no more time to waste,” Uriel tells me almost like he´s recruiting me for the armed forces. 
I look over at him first and then at Dante and Danica. Dante gives me a bear hug and couldn´t it be any harder? Damn, that hurt, but I understand. He´s like my big brother, my lifelong protector. 
“You take care. You´ll be okay. If anyone can pull this off, it´s you,” my best buddy tells me. 
“Wow, thanks for the words of encouragement,” I respond. 
“Just don´t die out there,” he adds. 
Thanks, he just shot my hopes out of the sky. 
Then I look at Danica. I hope she doesn´t say anything stupid or crazy. I want to savor this moment completely. Popular girl gives poor old me a kiss. Yes, I can see it now. Not going to happen. It´s only wishful thinking. I pretend to be someone else. I use a sense of false courage. I pull her close and give her a warm hug. 
“What´re you doing?” she asks. 
I make my embrace short and quick. 
“Oh, nothing,” I respond. 
Now that was a dumb move. What was I thinking? Now I know for sure, she wants to be my BFF and that´s all she wrote. 
“Don´t knock your brother out, okay,” I tell her as I bring out an everlasting smile on her face. 
“There´s something I want to tell you,” Danica says. 
“Okay, shoot,” I respond. 
This is an awkward moment. She wants to tell me something? What exactly? I hope it´s something nice. 
She kisses me on the cheek. “Good luck,” she tells me. 
“Thanks, I´ll be back before you know it,” I respond as I enter the nearly transparent craft. My head is dizzy from all the excitement.
I´m inside as I feel like I´m behind a double glass like the ones they use for questioning delinquents and criminals in police cases. I see her, Danica, but she can´t see me. I try not to make it obvious to Uriel. I wouldn´t want him to know that I have the hots for Danica. I wouldn´t want anyone to know. I´m invisible to the surrounding world. I see Danica and the rest of the pack as they wave goodbye and our vehicle rises up in the air. 
I turn away and focus my attention on my next task, the Grays. What are they going to be like? How are they going to receive me? Are they going to want to experiment on me too?
The Locust 4 vehicle has taken off. Shot itself into the sky. It´s an almost silent propulsion system it´s using, whatever it is. I´m stoked. I´ve forgotten about everything and everyone except Danica. Oh, the things girls do to boy´s heads. 
We´re in space already. I can see it from my surroundings as we broke through the clouds at an astronomical speed. The space craft I´m in is so smooth. I can barely feel anything, no turbulence or anything. Wonder how this thing works? 
I feel right at home, relaxed, soaking up the outrageous view and the interior, it´s spacious and comfortable. It´s not that big of a spaceship, well, at least it isn´t as big as I expected it to be. The thing that intrigues me the most is that it´s got strange doors with various symbols and markings everywhere. I wonder if there´s anything behind them. There´s something hanging from overhead. It resembles a radio, well, sort of. But it´s moving. It´s as if it were alive. He turns it on and turns the dial. I hear different sounds and rhythms and then he adjusts it to one station. 
This is unbelievable. He´s listening to our music, Earth music. And this song is rad, so totally awesome, even if it is a little old. It´s the perfect song to pump me up, to get me going. 
It´s Space Age Love Song. Wait a minute, now this is a coincidence, it´s a Gustav Sanity song, the guy in my dream. The guy who wanted me out. The aggressive and scary looking musician, the one that´s in a coma.   
Space Age Love Song
I found an alien, an alien princess she was by my bedside. She ran from me.
She had a devilish look to her, she had the eyes of Heaven.
And on her skin were markings of enormous grandeur
My space age love song, my space age love song.
She was the most precious woman I had ever seen on Earth or carved in the stars 
So she ran from me, my space age love song, where did you go to
I looked around but found nothing, I ran far through the trees
I found her ship controls were lost, shipwrecked, lost in space
She remains unnamed. Controls were lost, shipwrecked, lost in space, she remains unnamed.
My space age love song where did you go to
She remains unnamed, she hid herself from me
She remains unnamed, she´s taken my curiosity to an ageless wonder
Space age love song, where did you go to my space age love song.
My space age love song.
The song ends and the first thing that Uriel says, “If there´s one thing I love about your species, it´s your music. I don´t think I´ll ever grow tired of listening to it.”
I think to myself, At least we`re doing something right. 
Uriel does something to the controls as we´re not moving. He gets up from his chair, if you can call it that and flips another switch. He sits down again and tells me, “Brace yourself. We´re approaching a wormhole.” 
“A wormhole? A wormhole? This is awesome,” I respond. I mean, what else am I supposed to say anything? I´m 17. There´s no harm in the curiosity and excitement. 
A countdown is set. “We´ll be there shortly,” Uriel says. 
The countdown stops and my body, my arms, my legs begin to stretch. What´s going on? This is the strangest feeling I´ve ever had. Am I prepared to travel at such great speeds? Will my body be able to take the velocity levels? 
I think I´m going to be sick. Even worst, I think I´m going to hurl. Help me someone, anyone. Everything feels as if it is in slow motion, but to the maximum. I have no control over my body whatsoever. I look over at Uriel and it looks like it doesn´t affect him one bit. He´s probably done this a countless number of times before. Wish I could be more like him, especially now. I mean, this is my lifelong dream and I´m not enjoying it one bit. I feel like my body is stretching apart. Even the music´s distorted. Uriel, make this stop, make it end. I close my eyes and hope for this trip to stop. 
“Open your eyes,” Uriel tells me in a clear voice. 
The distorted version of the wormhole is finally over and done with. We´re traveling through space again but comfortably. 
“Thank you,” I say. 
“For what?” he asks. 
“For making it stop,” I say as the song finally finishes. 
But I should be grateful. After all, it´s not every day that someone goes up into space. And I´m doing it free of charge. Only the fate of humanity rests on my shoulders. What a heavy burden, I think. 
I try to break the ice because it`s been quite some time since any of us said a word. And because, I´m guessing, we´re nearing our destination. 
“You know the guy who wrote that song, Space Age Love song? Well , you`re probably going to think I´m crazy but I swear it was real. I had a dream with him,” I explain. 
“I know,” he responds. “You are connected.”
“You know?” I ask rather intrigued. 
“Gustav Sanity? Of course I do. Every now and then a soul crosses to a world he´s not supposed to be in,” the traveler tells me. “You know, like Davinci, Einstein, Hawking. They´re weren´t supposed to be on your world. Not yet at least. Your world is not ready for any of them in any aspect,” he adds. “Whatsoever.”
I look at the alien and try to sort out some other issues. Maybe he has more answers to my questions. 
“Gustav mentioned a guy named Gabriel. Do you know him?” I ask.
“Yes, he did that on purpose,” the alien responds. 
“Did what?” I ask. 
“He put him in that state .he put him in that comatose state he´s under,” Uriel replies. 
So these guys, the Arcs can do whatever they want. They put a rock star, an international sensation in a coma. They could do the same to me…or worse.
I really didn`t think Uriel was going to say that. Now I´m terrified but I won´t let him see me that way. 
“He too must help us save your world,” the alien adds. 
“Gabriel?” I ask as I´m unsure.
“No, I was talking about Gustav, even though we´re not entirely sure how,” he says. “we don´t know the true extent of his powers yet. We´re working on it.”
He looks forward and stares at the nothingness in space. It´s dark and lonely in this part of the universe. It´s less cluttered than when we entered the wormhole in the first place. 
“Gabriel´s going to help us as well. He´s our contact, here on Earth, except, he likes living amongst your kind. He´s even raised an army of nomadic rejects,” he explains.
“An army? Wow,” I say as I am bewildered. “So we´ve got reinforcements on Earth already. That´s great.”
 “Yeah, your people,” he responds. 
“They´re human? Great, we lost for sure. You didn´t have to tell me that,” I say.
“They´re no ordinary people. They´re Guardians and when the time comes you´ll be able to see them in all of their might…and glory,” he responds. “I hope.” 
This meeting with the Grays is going to be difficult and complicated. I can sense it. But at least we´ve got reinforcements on Earth, something I wasn´t aware of, even if they are…human. 
Right now, from the looks of it, we need the Grays real bad. Everything´s at stake here…my family…my friends…my home world…Danica…me. Did I just mention her? What was I thinking? I think I´m falling hard but I better be careful. I wouldn´t want her to reject me as a friend or anything else. 
Now I know that my meeting with the Gustav was of no coincidence, it was meant to be. Everything´s happening for some apparent reason and I´m going to do whatever it takes to persuade the Grays to help us in our fight to stay alive, to keep our world safe at all costs. 
Chapter 8
This part of the universe looks and feels different. How can that be? Can it even be possible? I mean, when we got out of that wormhole everything changed. The scenery´s completely different. There are more gases and clouds than anything. Wonder what it´s called. The stars are brighter, much more so. I would imagine we´re traveling at great speeds as everything´s coming at us at a much faster pace. I´ll never forget this experience, never.
Our target, Sirius, the notorious home of the Grays. For humans, they represent the most terrifying creatures in existence. They stalk people at night. Take control of their bodies and banish all their recollections, memories of the nightmarish incidents. They abduct humans and submit them to horrific and painful experiments. What they come for exactly, no one´s really sure. 
And I am here, going to visit them. Going to try to convince “them” to come with us. Can I really trust them? Is it too late to turn back? 
I´m astonished as we pass a beautiful and colorful nebula. Uriel looks over at me with his usual, dry look.
“They are the architects of time itself. Their real playground is the space time continuum. They can stop time whenever they see it fit,” Uriel says. “They provided me with some of the technology you´ve seen me use already.”
“You know, on Earth, people fear them. There´re so many stories. They commit atrocities with their so called experiments,” I say. 
“For the better of man,” he responds. 
“Are you so sure? Are you one hundred percent sure they´re your friends?” I ask.
“I´m sure we can. They´ve been our allies since the beginning. Now…getting them involved…that´s another story entirely,” he says. “They are scientists. They are watchers of the universe. They learn from what they observe and keep track of everyone and everything´s movements.”
I look at him as he pilots the spacecraft. This thing we´re in, the Locust 4, is a living being. It´s like an organism. Things are floating everywhere. There are tentacles popping out from the ceiling. The control panel moves about like a jellyfish. 
“So, my world…Earth…it´s like a zoo? The Grays…they´re our caretakers? And because of that they think they can do whatever they want to us? To other species?” I ask.
“It´s not like that at all. They´ve made “changes” to your DNA. They made these adjustments so that your species could evolve. Given the circumstances, if it hadn´t been for them, mankind would have stayed in its prime state of nearly nothingness,” Uriel says as he answers my questions. 
The craft starts to slow down. It talks for the first time. It´s deep voice, intriguing and mysterious. “Sirius, Sirius. They are awaiting us in the city of Tintiglory,” it says. 
“It´s going to be very hot. You´re going to experience some strange effects from the emblem as it helps you adjust to the planet below and its blistering condition,” Uriel warns. “This place, this world is much like your own. The difference is that it´s closer to its neighboring star, Osiris. It´s not apt for humans or many other living life forms.”
“Thanks for the information,” I respond. 
The ship starts to descend. I look at the star and understand his concern. Now I know what Uriel is talking about. It´s so very close to the Grays world. It´s light is blinding, extremely strong as we approach the planet covered in what appears to be gases. 
The ship hits a stretch of turbulence as we near its atmosphere. I notice my breathing has gotten heavier as a result of the plunge through the clouds. I feel like I´m suffocating. A helmet automatically makes its way from behind me and covers my head spontaneously the visor tints itself to adjust my eyes to the sweltering hot weather. I´m sweating in this suit of mine as well.
The ship begins to shake uncontrollably. 
“Help me,” I shout. “This ship feels like it´s going to fall apart.”
Uriel looks over at me and then back at the planet below, in front of him. It´s as if he doesn´t care at all. 
I see thick gray smoke in front of the ship and that´s all I see. It looks like heavy rain clouds only darker. Just when I think it´s over, that we´re going to die. Just when I think we´re never going to make it through, I observe a city just below the cloud cover. It appears to be made of glass. It´s almost as if it´s a thick, metallic colored bubble and there are dozens of them surrounding the main mega silvery structure.
It´s huge as spacecraft make their way in and out through various tunnels that appear and disappear in the city. It´s a breathtaking sight, the silver-plated metropolis or should I call it, the Gray city. 
It´s almost like a mercury substance. I think they okayed us to pass as a tunnel appears for us to enter. And in we go, it´s bigger than I imagined. It´s a mega city. It´s like a dream. It´s awesome. I´ve never seen anything like this before. It´s as if we entered a metallic mushroom and through its other layer, viola, another world. A world within a world. 
We make our final descent towards, what appears to be a landing bay. 
This is amazing, this is where they live, the Grays. 
My spacesuit feels like it´s getting heavier by the minute. I guess it hasn´t acclimated itself to my body or better yet, I probably haven´t. 
I´m trying not to think about anything as I feel a horrible and claustrophobic feeling. 
Get me out of this thing already. I want out. I can´t take this anymore. It´s constricting my body, big time. To make matters worse, my visor´s starting to fog up. 
I try to distract myself but I can´t. all I keep thinking about is when I was a kid, the abduction stories. The pain…the horror. The big black eyes that gave me, and still do, nightmares. A whole lot of them too. One night, I even woke up thinking they took me and they probably did. 
And then I come back to the mission at hand. I think about the people on Earth, my parents, my little sisters. I think about my friends, Dante and Danica. What´re they thinking about? What are they doing at this very moment, I wonder.
I´m trying to get a grasp on things, but I can´t. I don´t understand, anything.
“What do we really need them for? I don´t get it,” I tell Uriel.
“I hope they´ll be part of the master plan,” he responds. “They´re not needed for their brawn. Their sole purpose is to help evacuate the citizens of Earth. As many as we can spare.”
He looks ahead as our vehicle is being brought down by one of their strange contraptions. They look like gigantic rubber bands as we float right in. no propulsion or anything. 
“Your world may survive but your kind could be exterminated completely,” he adds.
Without the Grays, there could possibly no longer be “the human race.” Extermination, now that´s a harsh and horrible word. I think of it and think “roaches.” We´re trapped on a gigantic rock waiting for fumigation. Now, that´s a terrible thought. He´s definitely got me worried. I´m the spokesman for all human civilization. I´m a poster child. He could´ve picked Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt, George Clooney, for crying out loud. Why me? This is such a  heavy burden to take on. I mean, I´m in high school. Does he think they´re going to listen to me? To me? My shoulders feel heavier than ever. The tension´s mounting. My heart and soul just fell to the ground. 
Their sun, Osiris, is so strong that I put my hand over my face. in fact I put both in front of my eyes. I have to protect them from the extreme rays of their neighboring star. I can´t see very well. All I see is light and more light and that´s all. The visor in my helmet begins to adjust to the harsh conditions by tinting itself as dark as can be. It´s lessening the effects as I´m able to focus my eyes a lot more. 
Locust 4 has finally landed and many Grays approach the vehicle. They can see the spaceship as well. I´m assuming. There are bubble-like spheres everywhere. They look like floating sculptures as they float just above the ground. Reminds me a lot of Dali´s paintings as they´re distorted and twisted but in an artistic like fashion. 
We walk outside. Me with the suit and helmet and Uriel with only his armor. Everything is white from the extreme brightness of their sun, I suppose. It gives the place a peaceful feel or so it seems. There´s soft music in the background almost like elevator music only the instrumentation is like none I´ve ever heard before. Maybe the Grays are influenced by our musical styles back home. Or, who am I kidding? They may have had a hand in music´s creation on Earth. It´s gotta be. It can´t be the other way around. No way. From what Uriel tells me, they´re the innovators of time itself. 
I look overhead and see flying vehicles everywhere. It must be an airport we´re in. This is a UFO hunter´s paradise for sure. They´ve even got some of our craft in the terminal, looks like…as exhibits. They must´ve taken some of these ships from us and didn´t know how to return them. 
Within seconds, we are swarmed by troops of Grays as they march from different corridors to meet us. We´re surrounded. They´re such strange and wiry creatures. Very tall and skinny for their height. And their eyes, their brooding dark eyes scare me half to death. They are mystifying.
“Keep them away from me,” I tell Uriel. “Don´t let them touch me.”
They come at me and I feel their fingers touching my armored suit. 
“Don´t touch me,” I tell them. 
“Enoch, diplomacy. They´re not here to hurt you,” Uriel assures me. “It´s not every day a human comes to visit their world. It´s their job, to observe.” 
The Grays move strange. They walk as if they`re in water with their strange and aquatic-like motion. They`ve got very big heads. Damn, they`re so creepy looking too. It´s very disturbing. They bring shivers along my spine. Maybe, it´s not their eyes, creepy and black, that scare me. Maybe it`s their look of curiosity that startles me. They´re so hypnotic, the way they stare back at me. I don´t want to look at them straight in the eye, at least not directly. 
The wiry aliens come up to Uriel first as they touch his armor. They look at him differently, I can sense it. I don´t know what it is but it´s as if he were a godlike warrior to them or something. Next thing I know, I´m surrounded by them as I feel wiry fingers all over my armored body. I try to take their hands off me but there´s just too many. 
Scary, plain scary. That´s what they are. I move backwards a bit hoping they won´t follow but they do. I don´t know what t make of them. What am I supposed to do, I think.
I start to hyperventilate. The visor in my helmet begins to fog up again. 
“Help,” I yell. “Why don´t they stop?”
I start to swat away their fingers almost like they´re garden bugs. 
“They´re being friendly,” Uriel responds. “You´re probably the first human to get this far in the universe. 
“Really? Wow, what an honor,” I respond. 
He´s so right. What am I worried about? I´ve gotten this far, haven´t I, I think. The rest is a piece of cake. I look around me and realize Uriel´s right. They aren´t doing me any harm at all. They´re just touching me to feel the presence of a human outside its normal habitat. 
“Yes, indeed,” Uriel says. “Not all of their species get to travel to your world. There are some that only get to see the documented experimentation. They marvel at their accomplishments and who wouldn´t.”
Come to think of it, they look happy to see me, judging from their gentle movements. At least I hope so. 
They have small incisions for mouths and their eyes blink from time to time, very slowly. Uriel greets some of the Grays with a different dialect, maybe it´s theirs or his very own. The sun is doing something to Uriel´s body. It´s making it radiate a peculiar shade of light, almost glittery and silver. It makes him look…well…it makes him look much more peaceful. It´s as though the traveler´s body is recharging itself through the rays of Sirius’ sun. 
All the Grays leave me and one in particular comes towards me. It comes directly at me in a peaceful nonviolent motion and puts the palm of its hand directly on my heart. Then it grabs my hand and makes me touch with its palm. The gesture takes me by complete surprise. It startles me until a voice reaches out to me. The voice is sweet and serene. It brings a great deal of peace to my mind and body. I can sense it. It´s a female voice and it´s resonating in my head.
“Hello, Enoch from Earth. Welcome to my world,” she says. 
Her voice soothes my soul. I am more relaxed by her melodious tone of voice. But I do have one question. 
“How do you know my name?” 
“We know everything about you, your kind. The first of your species was engineered here on our world,” she responds. “You don´t think your species arrived on Earth by accident, do you?”
“Honestly, I have no idea. Enlighten me,” I say sarcastically. 
“You were planned, contrived…by us. “We nurtured your abilities, heightened your senses, gave you your instincts, gave you the tools to survive,” she responds. 
Okay, there go our history books, books about evolution, everything, out the window. Darwin, go hang yourself on a barbed-wire fence. You might find the missing links you were after on that very fence. 
We were planned, I think to myself. Where am I again? Am I on another world or is this the scientific playground, the place of our origin? It´s as if I´ve got a ball of yarn and I´m taking it apart a little at a time, unraveling the strings as more dark secrets are revealed as I get to the core of our existence. 
The female´s voice has disappeared completely leaving me stresses once again. Say something, I think. Anything. My next instinct is to run, run as far away as possible, away from this insanity. But where? I´m on another planet. I´m not going to ask Uriel to take me back. I´ve got to work up some courage here even if I don´t have Dante or Danica here to back me up. 
My body´s begun to tense up. Don´t know what it is but I think the Grays are in control of my body, my mind, all of my movements. 
“Let me go. Get out of my head. Leave me alone,” I shout out as everything around me is completely mute. 
I´m irritated and frustrated. I´m also fuming. I want to either die or go back home. I try to take off my helmet but it won´t come off. I try to regain the muscles in my arms but they too are very tense. I keep trying as I´m struggling to put my hands on my helmet as I want it to come off. Something or some force has got a hold of my mind and won´t let me.  
“Let me go,” I yell. “Let me go this instant.”
The female´s voice comes back on. It´s as if I were listening to my principal through the loud speaker. “Enoch, you mustn´t remove your armor. You´ll die,” she says. 
Uriel runs in my direction but it seems like he takes forever to reach me. I guess it´s all the light around me. It must be affecting my head. 
“Leave me alone,” I respond.
Uriel comes right up to my visor and checks to see if I´m okay. 
“Why´d you bring me here?” I ask him.
“You have to calm down my Earth friend. We´ve got a job to do,” he responds. “Because what you think, they can hear. Your thoughts are theirs. You are being observed, every action, every thought.” 
I take deep breaths as I try to calm down. I try to understand the Arc´s words. I try to process everything around me. Two larger Grays emerge from the crowd of aliens. They pop their way out. It looks as though they greet Uriel and then turns their sights on me. I´m all alone here, the spotlight´s on me. Even before I do anything, I feel defeated. 
They get in front of me and begin to talk to me but in unison. It´s as if they´re connected completely.  
“My name´s Raoul and my name´s Fellow. We are the highest authority on our world. I am the brains and I am the brawn,” they says as they point to make sure I know who´s who. “We are the mentors to our society, our civilization. Welcome.”
I now have complete control of my body and movements. They walk around me in circles over and over again.  I feel like I´m a bull and they are the bullfighters. They carefully observe me as they scratch their chins from time to time. They poke me to check my body frame, I guess. They stop and then walk towards Uriel. I can hear everything they say. 
“You know what the Earthling represents. He´s hostility, he signifies brutality. His world will be extinguished shortly as so I´ve heard. It was only a matter of time,” Raoul says as I hear him clearly. 
We´re all on the same channel. We´re all connected. 
“They have shot their missiles at our chariots. They´ve even kidnapped some of our very own in hopes they´ll have a better understanding of our species,” Fellow says with his deep and commanding voice. 
“We´ve given them everything yet they choose to work against each other. They choose to kill one another,” Raoul finishes explaining. 
There´s silence as I guess they turn off their communication links. Or they choose not to speak. Whatever the case, not a word is uttered and that worries me. 
I look above at the spacecraft in the sky. The way that their sun illuminates them as they pass overhead. I look at the beautifully designed bridges designated for their pedestrians. The only way I can describe this place is as if an artist was using metal or whatever substance they use, to create a magical paradise on a life-like canvass. It´s something I´ve never seen before, nothing remotely like it. But it´s a strange kind of nirvana, it´s not tropical or human by any means, it´s structural. 
“Why did you bring him? The human is no longer of use to us. None of them are,” Raoul says as the signal or connection between me and the others is getting weak. 
“I think I´ve heard enough. I´m tired of listening to this nonsense. It´s my turn. They´re going to have to hear me out. 
“Look, I don´t know who…or what…you are, but my world is in danger. It´s plain and simple. We need your help, now,” I tell them as my aggressive words echo throughout the landing bay. I can tell because the other Grays put their wiry fingers over their “ears”, if you can call them that. 
I can´t believe I just said that. I had the courage to speak out, voice my concerns. I did it. It´s a miracle, finally. 
Big and powerful Fellow comes up to me and kneels down in front of me. He looks into my eyes with his dreadful looking, large eyes. It sounds like he´s almost breathing heavily. 
“So…you want…our help,” he says. 
“Leave him be. Let me try…to explain  something…to you,” Raoul interrupts as he takes over. He´s clearly the brains in this operation. He then softens his tone.
“Humans have been trying to kill each other since their inception. Your kind forgets where it came from, almost like amnesia.”
Fellow follows his lead, “I´m afraid, I agree with Raoul. There are so many things that are wrong with your kind. Too many to count. You create wars…instead of…solutions. We´ve tried through various experiments to change your ways. But nothing´s…changed. I think your race, deserves to be punished for your senseless acts against each other.”
“Maybe then, you´ll learn your lesson when all is vanquished and gone,” Raoul jumps in with a sad tone of voice.
They´ve clearly given up on us and I´m desperate. I´m going to plead until they do something, until I change their minds, until something is done. 
Sadly, many other species must´ve given up on us as well if the Grays are the only ones we can reach out to for help.
“We can change, I know we can,” I beg more than I say. The stress of the situation is kicking in. The pressure consumes my thoughts. Again. Why am I the spokesman for my world? I imagine my world being swallowed up by a dark and sinister force. I imagine my world no longer. The female Gray´s voice comes back on. 
“Let go of your intense feelings,” she says. “Relax Enoch. Don´t let this situation destroy you. Your essence is stronger than you can imagine.”
“What´s your name?” I ask her.
“Victoria, my name´s Victoria,” she responds.
That voice, it´s beautiful. How can anyone get angry with such a sweet and melodious voice? 
A Gray comes racing towards me and puts its arm around my shoulders. I know it has to be her. 
“Thanks Victoria,” I tell her. 
She must have a beautiful soul, however that works on this planet, with their species. She´s managed to calm me down completely. 
“Leave him Victoria,” Raoul says. 
I´ve got my head down in shame. I came all this way for nothing, absolutely nothing. I told Uriel I wasn´t the right guy for this job. But did he listen? No! maybe he saw something in me that I don´t have. Maybe he saw something in me that doesn´t exist. He saw a false image of someone who could help. I think this would have never happened if Dante and Danica were here. 
I look up and Raoul signals the other Grays to leave the area. They vanish through the silver bubble-like corridors. They disappear beyond the end of the landing wharf. And it´s just Uriel, the Gray leaders and me. And, boy, am I angry with Uriel for bringing me here. Fellow extends his arm and tells us to follow the two Grays. They make an opening at the end of the hallway. It looks or appears to be a distorted movie screen. Raoul and Fellow vanish as it swallows them whole, then Uriel and then me. I walk right in as it appears to be a giant conference room. I say gigantic because I don´t know where it ends. I can´t believe it. It´s amazing as it´s pure white making me feel peace and tranquility. It´s almost as if we were in the North Pole minus the cold weather. It´s so white, it´s almost blinding. I´m having a hard time focusing on anything or anyone in the room. I think we´re in a decompression chamber or something like it. It feels a bit stuffy, or at least my armor does. It´s becoming increasingly difficult to breathe. I think the Grays just turned on an air-conditioning unit because I can feel a stream of air flowing just outside my suit. 
“It´s safe now,” Uriel says my helmet comes right off and becomes one with my armored suit. At first, I gasp for air as I accustom myself to the AC unit. Then, a couple of seconds later I can breathe normally and on my own. 
The conference is strange because it looks like it´s swaying from side to side but in a subtle manner. It´s almost as if we´re in a strange distorted bubble. There´s a glass plate that separates the room from the landing deck just outside. 
The wiry creatures are everywhere. They´re almost like an army as they swarm or approach each vehicle that lands. I´m guessing their job is to check for repairs or maintenance.
“Sit,” Raoul tells me as an object pops out of the ground beneath me. It´s a sort of chair to sit on. 
“Do you feel comfortable?” Fellow asks in a warm tone of voice. “This meeting room will protect you from our sun, Osiris.”
My body armor gets lighter and a lot more comfortable. 
Yes, thank you,” I respond. “I feel a lot better.”
Raoul looks at Uriel and asks him, “You didn´t tell him about us, did you? He doesn´t know who we really are, does he? You didn´t…?”
Uriel cuts him off, “I leave that entirely up to.”
“What are you guys talking about? Let me in on this,” I tell them. 
Honestly, I hope the traveler didn´t lure me into a trap. All of this doesn´t sound right. Now I´m screwed. Experimentation time. Great…just what I always wanted, a probe stuck somewhere in my body…in my privates. This sucks…big time. Uriel, you suckered me…big time. I look at my alien friend, at least I thought he was. 
“Thanks again,” I say sarcastically.
“For what?” he answers.
“For all of this. Thanks,” I say as I raise my arms out in a “V”.
“Come on. Let´s just get this over with already,” I add. 
“What´s he talking about,” Fellow says as he scratches his head. 
“I´m not sure,” Uriel responds. “What are you doing?” he asks me. 
I look around the room and see none of them have moved an inch. Seems they´re confused. I´m confused. 
“So…you´re not going to do anything to…me? Probe me…or anything…like that?” I ask. 
“No, not at all,” Raoul says as he sounds baffled by my nervous babble.
“Eat…my…brains?” I say only because it´s the last thing I can think of. 
“Who said we eat…brains?” Fellow asks Raoul. 
“The humans must have caught that from some of their movies or TV shows, perhaps,” Raoul responds.
Wow, this is great. Am I relieved? I´m out in the clear. My fears are over. They´re not going to experiment on me or even kill me. Thank you, I think. 
Just as I think that, Fellow and Raoul reach for their necks. 
“What´re they doing?” I ask Uriel nervously. 
“you´ll soon find out,” Uriel answers. 
Now, I´m scared. I´m really scared. I hope they don´t pull their heads open I hope they don´t dismember any part of their bodies either. That would be really sick. I put my hand in front of my face. I want to hide. I want to rush off somewhere. But where? I brace myself as I can´t see what they´re doing. I can´t see what´s happening. I pierce through my fingers hoping that nothing disgusting is going to happen. Am I imagining things or are they reaching for a zipper? At least, it looks like one. 
It appears to hold their bodies together. They zip them down and it´s almost as if their skin is peeling away. I can´t believe what I´m seeing. It´s so incredible. I take my hands from my face. They look…they look…human. 
This is the secret they were hiding? This is what they were keeping from me? They´re just like us. This can´t be true. How can the most hideous monsters, aliens known to man…well…look just like we do? 
So this is what they were hiding. The pair of Grays look old enough to be my grandparents, actually, great grandparents. They look pretty old. They look like they´re in their eighties for sure, at least. Who knows, they might be older. Both of them resemble both of my grandfathers. My mom´s dad passed away when I was in elementary school and my dad´s dad when I was in middle school. It seems like they only died a couple of years back. They were both such interesting men though they got on my nerves at times. But I learned so much from them. I learned to be “me”. Two of my greatest inspirations, gone. 
I would imagine all the Grays are the same. They probably all look “human” as well. And those suits, they´re probably exo-skeleton armor. It probably shields them from the harmful rays of their sun. 
“Yes, we are very much like you. We look like you. We do many things as you do,” Raoul says. “For millenniums, we´ve traveled to vast regions of the cosmos. We´ve left other “experiments” on other worlds such as your own. We`ve monitored their progress. We`ve “tampered with” their strands of DNA”
“We are, perhaps you can call us…your…species makers,” Fellow says. 
“Why´d you do that?” I ask. 
“Why? In hopes that one of our variations would make us proud someday,” Raoul explains. “It hasn´t happened yet.”
“We do it in the name of science,” Fellow steps in.
This might sound harsh to them. “Are you all…this old? You know, old…as in…old age?” I ask. 
“We are older than you think,” Raoul responds. 
Awesome, I can´t wait to expose them to the world. I know their strange and mysterious secret. They´re old. Not much of a secret, I guess. And honestly, now that I know, they don´t scare me one bit. They actually look very kind and gentle. 
Even if I told anyone, they wouldn´t believe me anyway. This whole situation blows. Wish Dante and Danica were here. They´d probably have a good laugh about this. 
Raoul´s actually very short and skinny. He´s got black hair with streaks of gray. He´s got a receding hairline and he´s got dark-framed eyewear. He´s very intellectual looking. He looks like he could be the bingo king at any retirement home. imagine how smart he is that his people trust him to lead their world. He´s gotta be brilliant. 
Alright then, let´s get back to business. I think it´s time to grab their attention now that I know they´re just like me but older, a lot older. 
This is going to be a piece of cake. I can see it now, Enoch Sotheby saves the world by getting aid from the Grays. Sounds awesome. 
“Look Grandpa, Grandpa, we need your help,” I tell them. “Grandpa?” Fellow says as he scratches his head. “I thought we told him our names.”
“Enoch, you need to give them your respect,” Uriel cuts me off. 
“I´m sorry. It´s just…they do remind me of my…grandparents,” I respond. “It won´t happen again.”
I look at them and try to forget about their age. I try to look at them with the honor and respect they deserve. After all, they can help us. They can help us in our fight for survival. I take another approach. 
“What can I do to change your minds?” I ask.
I pace myself back and forth. I´m probably hoping they´ll take me serious. I´m probably hoping they´ll do something. I see them looking at each other. They whisper amongst themselves. They´ll probably coming up with a verdict. 
I wait for a response impatiently. Millions, possibly billions of people will die. The thought goes through my mind various times. I may not have a home to call my own. 
“Help us, please help us,” I say out of desperation. 
Raoul walks away from Fellow and towards me. He looks disappointed and looks like he´s going to give me their decision. 
“Enoch, I am to blame. I am to blame for making your species…more…aggressive. We made you who you are,” Raoul says. 
“So, you´ll help us?” I ask as for a few seconds I feel a glimmer of hope. 
“No, I´m afraid I can´t do anything for you. I refuse to get my people involved,” he responds. 
I stare at him right in the eyes. I don´t want to blow up because they could easily change their minds. 
“But you created us?” I say. 
“And we´ll watched you destroyed,” he responds. “There´s too much at stake here and I´m not willing to sacrifice any of my people´s lives.”
Fellow steps forward and interrupts. He´s Raoul´s total opposite. He´s very tall and strong and robust. He looks like an old lumberjack. His hair´s white and he combs it from one side strategically, I´m assuming, to cover up his bald spot. 
“So, you´re just going to let us die?” I ask.
“What do you want us to do? Fight your battle for you? It´s time for Earthlings to take responsibility for themselves. It´s time for you…to save yourself,” Fellow responds. 
Now that…was a low blow. I didn´t think this would or could happen. I want to answer but I know I´m going to flat out be rude. What the heck. 
“You know what I want, more than anything? I want to wake up tomorrow as if none of this ever happened. I want to wake up knowing that at least we had a fighting chance,” I say. 
“This is not an easy decision. We helped in your creation but we can no longer tamper with the fate of humanity,” Raoul says.
I wait for Fellow to say something but he doesn´t. Instead, he walks away from our conversation and stares endlessly at the flying objects rushing in and out of the terminal just outside. I can sense he wants to say something but he doesn´t. I don´t think he will. Their decision is final. 
“Raoul…Fellow…thank you for, your time. I…we, respect your decision. Good luck to you both and remember, this doesn´t end here. The more quadrants the android acquires, the worse it is for all of us. I really hope the universe is listening,” Uriel says after being quiet all this time. “May the universe save us all.”
The Gray leaders do not respond. Instead, they begin to zip up their protective coating. They continue to look at us as if there´s nothing they can do. Their armor covers up their old and rustic skin. 
And me, I just hope they don´t regret their decision. I hope we´re able to fend off the attack on Earth. I look at them as they are fully clothed again in their protective skin, in their shells as they look like the most heartless creatures I´ve ever known. They have no remorse. 
I feel completely defeated. I´m going to die, we´re going to die. I wasted my time. I look at Uriel as my armor begins to change again. My helmet comes back on. 
“Why´d you have to pick me?” I ask. “I didn´t do anything. I wasn´t able to resolve a thing. What´s wrong with you?”
“I chose you because Locust 4 chose you. It reached out to “you”,” Uriel responds. “you´ve got to be different for that to happen.”
“I don´t get it,” I say. 
“This was of no coincidence. We met for a reason. You got me to Washington. Everything was done in a timely manner, thanks to…you,” he responds as the chamber doors open. 
I look around and watch everything in slow-motion, not because of Uriel, it´s because I want to soak this in completely. I want to catch every detail. I want to meditate this idea, the idea that I wasn´t able to do a darned thing. I failed everyone and all because a stupid spaceship thought I was going to change things. I stupid flying vehicle thought I could make a difference. But of course not, I didn´t do anything to better the cosmos. Reminds me of me and high school. An average kid with average to above average grades. I get bored with my teachers. I think all my subjects are a complete waste of time except for math, which everyone else does. I get by with everything and everyone I´m in contact with. I´m not really a social individual. I leave that up to…well, Dante and Danica. 
I look over at the Grays once again and make one final attempt to convince them of their ways on this short lived trip to the stars. 
“I don´t know who you think you are but my planet´s about to be taken away from me. My family, my friends, everyone and everything. We´re going to be wiped off the face of the universe and all because you´ve tried to change us. Pathetic. You´ve tampered with our kind. I say…keep trying. I know we are…different. At least, we want to be. We´re not what you think at all. Look at me! I´m human and I´m going to do what I do best. I´m going to survive…no matter what,” I lecture them before I walk outside. 
I go outside and into the harsh and intimidating conditions. I guess I got used to my suit already because I don´t feel uncomfortable or as uncomfortable as I did when I first grabbed a hold of the Arc emblem. I can feel the suit as it seeps into my bloodstream and into my nervous system. I´m finally becoming one with this armor. I feel like a new man, okay, boy. It feels great to be in this alien bodysuit. I feel stronger and more potent. 
I look up and see the beaming light from above. Osiris is mega powerful. I look over at the Gray leaders with their beautifully decorated robes. Honestly, I want to spit in their faces. I´m so angry. 
“They´re old men with old ideas. Old-fashioned, that´s all,” I tell Uriel as we walk through the rather large corridors. 
“They´re making the wrong decision,” I add as I think I´m pouting. 
Let´s see. Uriel´s got a place to come back to. And from what Danica describes, it´s beautiful. The Grays…well…they´ve got their infernal paradise. Nevertheless, they have a home. And me, what have I got to go back to? Well…I´m not sure. I could lose everything, my hopes, my dreams, I mean…everything. 
I don´t even want to look their way, at Raoul, Fellow, at any of them. I want to leave. I want to get out of this place, right now. So what if this was my life-long dream? To travel into space and have this happen? It´s a nightmare, a complete disaster. 
I see another Gray, away from the others. I hear a female´s voice in my head. It´s Victoria.   
“Please Enoch, don´t be upset. They made a choice, whether good or bad. It was their choice,” she says. “What would you do if they asked your race to intervene, to help another species? Would you do things differently? What if our planet was the one that was going to be destroyed? Would you risk the lives of millions, even billions?”
I look over at her before I enter Locust 4. She´s right, she´s got a point. What would I do? I´ve got to put myself in their shoes, it´s the only way to make things clearer, it´s the only thing I can do.
I wave at her as she´s the only one I want to communicate with. 
“I´d lend a helping hand, no matter what,” I respond. “Because I know how it feels. I know what it feels like. It sucks.”
I am inside the vehicle but still communicating with someone whom I hope is my friend. “I´m sorry Victoria, it´s the truth,” I add as I prepare myself for liftoff. 
Uriel mans the controls once again and we´re off into the depths of space. Next and final destination, Earth.
What happens now? I mean, so many things have gone wrong. First on Earth and now on Sirius. Do we even stand a chance? We´re only humans. What can we do against an army of evil aliens? What do we do next? And when do we get to meet the other Arcs? How many of them are there anyway? And are they anything like my friend here, Uriel? The only thing I know for sure is that I´m not going to give up without a fight. That´s for sure.
Chapter 9
Okay now, how do I break the news to the others? How do I tell them? Hey guys, guess what? We´re dead and done…thanks to me. Yours truly…the guy Uriel chose to go to the Gray´s world. Yeah, I wasn´t able to convince them of anything. They´ve got many spacecraft but in the end, they realized they weren´t able to do anything. We weren´t good enough for them. We weren´t worth saving. Dah, I was the representative for humankind. 
I look around and realize that the Locust 4 vehicle is truly a spectacular state-of-the-art machine. It´s got surround sound. It´s kind of funny that Uriel, the alien next to me, like our music so much. The music´s blasting and he hasn´t said a word. He probably doesn´t want to either. He´s probably disappointed at himself for having chosen me for this farce mission. He´ll probably never speak to me again.
Where´s the sound coming from anyway? The music´s pumping me up. I love it actually. And the sound system, I wish I had one of my own. It sounds like the instruments are all around me. The voice in this thing is even more mesmerizing than on my MP3 player, the instrumentation is insane. The song is easing my thoughts, calming my nerves. Gustav Sanity, he´s gotta be part of the master plan. But what´s he supposed to do? What can he possibly do? He´s in a coma. How can a guy in his condition be of any use…to the human race? 
We are cruising through the depths of space and listening to yet, another one of his songs. He´s got universal appeal, really. This is cool. I´m going to kick back and relax. I´m going to take the time to soak in this fantastic voyage. I love the lyrics to this amazing song. 
Take Back Everything
I take back everything I said, everything I did is now a memory
A priceless memento I can’t replace
I take back things that were said, sometimes looking at the good and the bad
I want to take myself back in time
Shoot it up in the sky, watch the fireworks again and again back in time
Shoot it up in the sky, watch the fireworks again and again back in time
Back in space
I try to go on without you it´s hard but if I could understand the rules of love
Can you read my thoughts
Shoot it up in the sky, watch the fireworks again and again back in time
Shoot it up in the sky, watch the fireworks again and again back in time
Back in space
We enter one wormhole and come out the other side. I think we´ve made it, my solar system, at last. Home sweet home. The Locust 4 makes a strange }, continuous sound. I think it´s an alarm. The red lights inside flicker on and off. The vehicle makes an abrupt stop. I suppose it´s a warning sound…but what´s it warning us about? i fear the worst. I hope my world is not already gone. Or does it mean that the Locust 4 needs repairs or something along those lines. 
“What´s going on?” I ask Uriel. 
We haven´t have it back to Earth but I´m sure we´re on the right track. Maybe we came out the wrong end. Maybe, we´re somewhere we don´t belong. Whatever the case, something´s wrong. Something´s going on, I can tell by the look on Uriel´s face. And it´s not good.
I look in front of us and I´m struck. My eyes can´t believe what they´re seeing. In the distance, I see a magnificent and colossal vessel. It´s very dark and mysterious. It´s impressive in size. 
“What´s that?” I ask hoping Uriel will respond. 
He suddenly turns his face towards me and away from the large spaceship in front of us. 
“It´s Android 66, his ship, and he´s closer to your world than I thought,” he says with a look of bewilderment on his face. “This is not good.”
I can see the look of terror in his emerald eyes. He may not be scared for himself, he´s probably scared for us, humankind. 
The ship´s immense. It looks like it can crush anything that gets in its way. It moves like it´s on water, riding waves of clouds as it crushes everything in front of it. Asteroids and satellites bounce off the ship as they are pulverized., turned to dust by the insidious vehicle. What´s that thing made of? It must be fueled by the darkness in the universe.
“That structure, the vessel, the one he´s in is the Aries Attila. It will reach your planet in a matter of days. Although it´s not as fast as our smaller ships, it´s much more powerful than ours, that´s for sure. And he´s not alone, he´s brought a large army with him,” Uriel explains. “I´m betting he wants to flatten your world.”
I can only watch as a trail of dark matter brushes up everything behind it. And Uriel´s right, we are moving a lot faster than the evil android´s ship. It´s got massive sails on its side. It´s almost like a gigantic pirate ship. 
“He doesn´t like your kind. He never has,” Uriel says. 
“Why´s that?” I ask. “Why does he hate us so much. Why does he want to destroy us?” 
“Because he didn´t have a hand in your creation. He wants everything, I mean absolutely everything, to be a product of his mirror image. He wants insanity to rule supreme across the cosmos,” he explains. 
“Purely psychotic,” I say as I look on hoping he´ll pop out of his ship. What is he really like? Am I going to die if I glance into his face? Will my body wither away if my eyes make contact with the android´s? 
“He´s a madman,” Uriel adds. “He´s already taken some strategic quadrants. He has taken them as a form of revenge. He´s taken them from our supreme ruler, the Creator.”
“Okay, now who´s the Creator?” I respond. 
“The Creator, the origin of everything. The highest authority in the cosmos,” the traveler says. “There are two forms in the universe. There´s light and then there´s darkness. The Creator is all that is light. Android 66, the darkness.”
“Sounds like the android is out of his mind. What does he look like anyway?” I ask.
“He´s beautiful in a distorted sort of way. Not many have seen his image and lived to talk about it,” he responds. 
In the distance, I see Earth. Finally, my home world. And the Aries Attila has suddenly stopped near the International Space Station, (ISS). It´s hibernating, but what´s it waiting for? What´s the android´s strategy? Is it because the android´s spotted us? 
“Is he the only one we need to worry about?” I ask. Should I have even asked? Isn´t he enough? 
“I don´t know who´s worse, the android or his half-sister,” he responds. 
“Half-sister? How does that work? You´ve got to be kidding me?” I say. 
“Yes, her name´s Lucy, she´s the forth of her kind. She´s an android like her brother. Model number Lucy-4,” he says.
“So, she´s a sibling of yours as well?” I ask.
“Unfortunately, yes,” he responds. “We are many.”
So he´s got a half-sister, Uriel´s family tree is more extensive that I previously thought. And now, who´s more scary, the android or his half-sister?
“She was not completed. Her evil brother corrupted her mechanisms,” Uriel adds.
She wasn´t completed? So she´s probably hideous looking? I´m sure I´m going to be more scared of her than Android 66. She´s probably made of spare parts. She´s probably got loose face plates, nuts and bolts, those sort of things. 
“Are they on that ship? Both of them?” I ask as I point to the gigantic space carrier. 
“No, I sense she´s already on your world,” he says. “She´s like Gabriel, he likes to live among your people. Only she enjoys creating mischief and madness among your citizens. She likes to create anger, sorrow, envy and those sorts of feelings. It´s her specialty. She´s quite psychotic.”
Human soil is upon us as I marvel at the remarkable view of my world. It looks as though it´s waking up. It´s beautiful with its blue oceans. It´s spectacular. I look back at the Aries Attila and realize that darkness is right around the corner. Earth is doomed as chaos persists. It´s so sad to think that my world, Earth, could be gone in the coming days.
“When does this madman plan to attack?” I ask. “Are we…do we…have enough firepower to give him a run for his money?”
“I don´t think so,” Uriel responds. “But we have other means. All is not lost yet.”
I just want to get back home. I´m anxious to get back. I want to kiss the ground I walk on when I get off this ship. I can´t wait to see everyone. I want to see their smiles. I want to hear their laughter. I just want some human reaction, a bit of interaction. Whatever, as long as it´s human. 
Uriel changes my train of thought. “He could have taken us out back there. The android could have taken our ship if he wanted to.”
“He knew we were there? And he didn´t do anything?” I ask. “Why?”
“He´s looking for something. Your world is not the real reason he´s here. He´s here for something else, something that will make him more powerful, something more potent,” Uriel says. “And he wants us to do his dirty work for him. He wants us to find it for him.”
The android´s looking for something? So it´s not entirely about us, our world. 
“So what if…we… give it to him?” I ask. “We can, can´t we?”
“Not a chance of that happening,” the traveler responds. “He´s looking for a relic, a very powerful one at that.”
He´s looking for something both sides want, the good guys and the bad guys. Why doesn´t the android just take it. Heck, I´ll give it to him. Hand it over on a plate. Just get it over with already. 
“What is this “thing” he´s looking for anyway?” I ask. 
He wants the Library of Souls. With it he can enslave the human populace for an eternity. He´ll weaken the Creator´s authority over the cosmos. Another part of the universe will be blotted out entirely by darkness,” Uriel explains. 
The space traveler maneuvers the Locust 4 into the atmosphere. His eyes glued to the controls. He looks worried, I´m sure not for himself and his kind, not even about us. It´s got more to do with this Creator guy than anything. Whoever or whatever he is? 
“I hope my fellow Arcs can find it and secure it. Keep it away from the android,” Uriel says. “We definitely don´t want it to fall into his hands. He wants to restructure the cosmos in his own painful image. I´ve seen too many lives lost already.”
Okay, so it´s worse than I expected. It´s not about our civilization. It´s about the universe, the darkness that will soon infect it if Android 66 has his way. The Library of Souls must be found as soon as possible. 
We descend into the clouds underneath us and almost hit an airplane in the sky. Wow, that was sure close. 
“when do I get to meet the others? The Arcs?” I ask. 
He pauses and then responds, “Soon enough my friend. Soon enough.”
I see the Earth below and its patches of land and then sea. I´ve never gotten a chance to see just how beautiful my world really is up close and personal. It´s truly a magnificent place. It´s image almost reaches out and grabs me.
“Where´re we going now?” I ask. 
“Our next stop is to gather reinforcements. We´ll need as much help as we can,” Uriel responds. 
It´s about time. Yes, I´m going to meet the Arcs sooner than I thought. I thought Uriel wasn´t clear on when his friends would arrive. 
“You are talking about the Arcs, right?” I ask. “I can´t wait to meet them.”
“No, I´m not talking about my friends, I´m talking about your friends,” he responds. 
Oh, great. Kill off my friends, will you. Dante and Danica don´t have to get involved. I don´t want to see either of them hurt. It would kill me if something happened to them. I mean, I dragged them into this mess in the first place. I would feel horrible if something happened. I wouldn’t be able to live with myself. Then again, we could all be dead very soon. I just hope Uriel tells us we´re not going to fight that raging android. Uriel can probably take care of himself. But what about us? We´re no super-powered beings. We´re human. We´re in high school for crying out loud. Can´t we get through prom and graduation first? Does everything have to be so difficult? We´re no match for otherworldly forces. Especially if they´re disgusting looking which they might be. They might want to…forget I even thought about it again…eat our brains. I´m beginning to sound a lot like Danica with her fun and nonsensical ways. The thought did put a smile on my face though. I´m not really sure what goes through my head when I think about her. Is it normal to think about your best friend as more than just a best friend? I´m going to blank out these thoughts before Dante roughs me up in the near future. I wouldn´t want that to happen one bit.
The ship begins to descend upon an all too familiar place, Cagney´s place. First off, I hope they´re there. I hope Dante and Danica didn´t decide to go back home. Actually, what am I thinking? I hope they´re not there. If they´re not there then I can take the Prosecutors instead. Now that´s a thought. That would be real nice. I´m sure those guys, even though they´re a lot older, are up for any fight. I´m going to cross my fingers. 
“Great thinking Uriel. You couldn´t have picked better guys for the job. They´re good, pretty good actually. I´m sure the Prosecutors will help us rough up our sinister opponents,” I tell him. “I´m glad you changed your mind about Dante and Danica.”
He looks at me and then in front of himself. “They´re not going. They can´t,” he says.
“Who?” I ask wishing for the best. 
“I told you already. We need young blood. The Prosecutors don´t fit the profile. Our best bet is Dante and Danica,” he responds.
Okay, he did tell me already and I guess it was just wishful thinking that he´s change his mind. And this feels like my worst nightmare. I don´t want them to die, neither of the two. I´ve known them all my life. This can´t be right. I have to stop him from taking them with us. I have to let him know how I feel. 
“Don´t drag them into this. They´re not the right people for this job. They don´t even know how to fight,” I plead with Uriel as I know they are more capable than I am. 
“Well, they sure fooled me. Danica packs a lethal punch and Dante´s a solid fighter. I saw them. I see many great qualities in the both of them,” he responds. 
Okay, he´s right. After all, they are my friends. They do have special attributes, qualities I´ll never be able to match. 
“What do we need them for anyway?” I ask as I make one final attempt. 
“We´re going to Antarctica,” he says. I give up. Now I understand everything. He´s going to train us we´re going to be trained in some mystical sort of martial arts. He´s going to show us how to fight. 
“There´s nothing in Antarctica,” I say. “We´re going on a training exercise. Well then…I´m ready.” 
“This is no exercise. This is the real deal,” he responds. “We´re going to fight and this vehicle doesn´t have enough room for all of the Prosecutors. And besides, Dante and Danica care about you. You care about them and they would do anything to protect you.”
Okay, I get his point. They´ve protected me all of my life. But this time, I swear, I want to protect them. I don´t know what I´d do without them. We share a bond that not many others have. We share something that many people wish they had, a true and real friendship. Yeah, we have our share of arguments and discussions but in the end, we know we can count on each other. Uriel´s right, Dante and Danica are the right people for this job. Whatever it may be. Whatever it may require. 
“We´re going to stop the first wave,” Uriel says with a blank stare on his face. “We´re going to stop Mr. Andreiv from setting it off. We have to stop him at all costs.”
Just when I thought I heard the last of him, there he comes again. I can´t stand the Andreiv father nor son. They´re both pompous asses. 
“How do you know he´s in Antarctica?” I ask. 
“We´re all connected. Now, wanting to be is another question in itself,” he responds. The Creator shows all and I am connected to the Creator, just as everyone and everything else can be.”
There he goes again. The Creator, who is this Creator? Is he a person, a high-tech computer or something entirely different? Or is he some strange force that persists throughout the universe? 
“This first wave means that the bad guys have a whole lot of firepower, guaranteed. How many of these “waves” are there?” I ask. What does this mean exactly?”
This is giving me the chills. Whatever the first wave is, they´re not human, or at least I´m assuming they´re not. I would think so if that psychopath of an android has anything to do with all of this. 
“Well, it means we´ve got a lot riding on our shoulders,” he responds. 
“Why´d you have to drag us into this? We´re just kids. We´re in high school. We´re not supposed to be under so much pressure. We´re not supposed to take things so seriously. What can we possibly help you with anyway?” I say as now I don´t feel the urge to go after the renegade billionaire either. 
He puts the spacecraft on Cagney´s lawn as we´ve landed. He shuts off some controls, I´m assuming. He stares back at me with arrogance. “I´m not dragging you into anything. I leave it entirely up to you. You either do something to possibly change the outcome or you can sit at home and do nothing while your world ceases to exist. It´s your choice and yours alone,” he responds. 
He posed a great idea. I die or…I die. Not much of a choice but it´s a simple one. One that doesn´t require too much thought. Let´s just hope we´ve got what it takes to stop Mr. Andreiv from setting off the first wave of terror. I don´t want to imagine what that means. They´re probably strange and terrible monsters or gigantic creatures. They might even be robots. Who knows? All I know is that this is clearly phase one and Mr. Andreiv, just when I thought I was over with his bully son, I have to take on the father instead. The guy who created the biggest jerk I´ve ever known. the only thug I know. 
Everyone thinks the richest man in the world is just the richest man in the world. Well I know the truth, that he too, like Finley, has a dark side. A very dark side. Finley wants to take over Angel Cruz High, his father, the world. 
If Finley´s not nice, how can I expect his father to be? What can I expect from Yusep, after all, he´s got Arc technology.
Before we come out of the spacecraft, Uriel tells me something very important. Something that sticks, “We´ve been at war for a very long time. Android 66 has been planning to take over your world for quite some time. His agents, the Dry-Units were strategically placed all around your world. They´ve gained strength in numbers over the years and I´m surprised he hasn´t already found the ancient relic he´s looking for so badly.”
“They´ve got positions of great power and wealth on your planet,” he adds. 
Now, that makes sense. Makes complete sense, the wealthiest and most powerful man on Earth is behind the deadliest attack on mankind. But what could he possibly gain? He spoke about a “transformation.” What can anyone give a man, someone, who has everything? It´s gotta be something along the lines of immortality. 
We get out and it appears that no one´s detected our arrival. At least, not yet. I just hope someone´s here, anyone. Cagney, his wife, the other Prosecutors, I don´t really care as long as they´re human. 
I walk through Cagney´s beautiful green front lawn. I reach his house and pause. I stare at its façade and honestly, I hope Dante and Danica are here. I really want to see them more than anyone. Who am I kidding? I really want to see Danica. 
Everything´s so quiet. There´s no breeze, no wind, no nothing. I walk up the staircase and look inside first. I hope they didn´t go anywhere with me but it looks like they abandoned the place. I ring the doorbell and then knock on the door repeatedly. What am I waiting for? There´s no one home. I make a final attempt as I turn the doorknob. And to my surprise, it´s open. If no one´s here, then why is it opened? I fear the worst. I hope they weren´t kidnapped or anything like that. Heck, I hope they´re not dead. 
Where is everyone? I open the door with great caution as Uriel´s right behind me. What better bodyguard can I hope for? 
We scan the living room and then walk through the kitchen. Damn, I´m hungry. Hope there´s something to eat. I open the fridge and it´s full. Awesome, where´d they run off to then? 
“Uriel, you want something?” I ask. 
“Chinese, I want some Chinese food,” he responds. 
Where does he think we are? In China? It´s not like everyone has Chinese take-out. 
“I don´t think there is any,” I say. “Anything else?” I say as I continue to scan the fridge. These people eat pretty good. 
Then I hear someone cock a weapon. Someone´s here and I´m not ready. Someone kicks the door open. Scares the crap out of me as I duck behind the kitchen counter. I get up again as I see Uriel reach for his weapon immediately. He reaches for his fire sword. It lights up everything in the room as he waves it back and forth like a martial artist would. He moves it with great speed and precision as he destroys the weapon in question. 
The man who was holding the handgun steps out of the shadows and shows himself. It´s Mario and I´m so glad to see him. I run over to where he is and hug him. He´s the first sign of life and he´s greatly appreciated. He smiles and says, “What´s up kid? Where´ve you been?”
“It´s a long story but to keep things short and simple, I failed,” I respond. 
“Yeah, well, I´m glad your alien friend here failed at killing me. He moves fast, very fast,” Mario says as he looks at Uriel with admiration. “Come on, let´s go upstairs. Everyone´s here, including your girlfriend.”
“Girlfriend?” I ask. What´s he talking about? I don´t have a girlfriend. I never have. 
“Yeah, you know, the one who sucker punched her brother in her sleep,” he says as he laughs. 
Oh he means Danica, she´s here, they´re all here. It´s the best news I´ve heard since I left. But wait a minute. “You´ve got it all wrong. She´s…not…my girlfriend.”
“Yeah, whatever,” Mario says as we go upstairs. He takes us straight to the others. 
“Which one of you clowns left the front door open,” Mario yells out as we enter the room where they´re all at. 
And there she is, Danica and her beautiful smile. Her eyes wide open. Does that mean she´s happy to see me? I feel awkward because I don´t think I´ve ever wanted to see someone so badly. She´s sitting across the room, away from everyone. I walk straight towards her and as I do everyone, I mean everyone, gets in my way. Cagney, Tristan, Frank, Carlos, Miguel, even Katherine. They´re all smiles as everyone greets me. It feels good but I continue on what seems to be a very long journey towards Danica. 
And then a familiar face rushes right in front of me. “Glad you made it,” Dante says. 
He gives me the strongest bear hug he´s ever given me, ever. I can hardly breathe. 
“You´re…hurting…me,” I say as he lets go. 
Forget Danica, I´ve got to keep my feelings to myself, it would never work anyway. It would never happen because I would end up in a hospital somewhere strapped to some breathing apparatus. Dante would kill me, for sure. No doubt about it. I wave at Danica from far. At least, for me it feels that way. And she waves back. 
I couldn´t make my move. I wouldn´t have dared, not with Dante in the house. But I really missed her. Too bad I can´t tell her anything. I can´t tell her what´s going through my mind. Yeah, I definitely missed her the most. Yeah, I´ll admit it…to myself. 
“So what happened?” Dante asks. “they didn´t probe you, did they?”
Everyone bursts into laughter. I can feel my head is red as a tomato as I perspire a bit. Way to go Dante. Hope your sister knocks you out again. 
“No,” I respond. “And they´re not going to help us either. We´re all screwed.”
This room, it looks like they´ve been strategizing something. I wonder what they´re doing, what they´re planning. It´s been…what…a couple of days at least since I left and came back. They´ve got weapons everywhere. Now I think, how do I tell my friends they have to come with us, Uriel and I? Will they even want to?
“Excuse me everyone,” I say. I pull the spaceman to the side. “Why can´t you use the Arcs? Don´t you have other friends? Why does it have to be mine?” I whisper but with authority. 
He gives me a peaceful look. “We all have a job to do. They´re on another mission entirely. We all have our parts in this master plan,” he tells me.
Dante and Danica look over at us as I´m sure we look suspicious. Danica looks a bit angry. “What´s up with you?” I ask.
“You didn´t even say hello,” she responds. 
“I´m sorry,” I respond as I make my way over to her. 
“Nope, sorry, I don´t think so. It´s too late,” she says. 
Dante walks over to me and grabs me by the shoulder. He takes me outside. “What happened?” he asks. 
Oh no, there goes. He´s going to hit me. Maybe I made it too obvious. 
“I don´t know. She just got angry, that´s all,” I respond. 
“No, not Danica. I mean on that planet, the Grays,” he says. “What happened? It just seems you´re not telling us everything.”
I´m out in the clear. Thank goodness. He didn´t call me over to beat me up. He doesn´t know about my new feelings towards his sister, Danica.
Okay now, do I look that transparent? I can´t hide anything from them, except that Danica thing. They´ve known me for way too long but I´m not going to complain. Honestly, I don´t know how to put it to them. So let me be careful about my choice of words. 
“I need to talk to you,” I tell him. 
“Shoot,” he says. 
“Both of you, you and your sister,” I say. 
Dante peeks back into the room and calls out Danica´s name. He signals for her to come out. She comes towards me and gives me an awkward kiss on the cheek. 
“Thanks, I needed that,” I tell her. “Let´s all go downstairs.”
We take the stairs and walk to the backyard. It´s peaceful, perfect setting. There´s a gentle breeze and the birds are chirping out of tune. 
I look at their faces and realize, it´s different this time. We´re different. No one´s laughing or cracking a joke. I´m going to have to push the words out of my mouth. 
“Alright, let´s hear it,” Dante says. 
“I need you guys,” I say. “We need you guys.”
“Who´s we?” Danica responds. She pauses some seconds and adds, “Oh, no, I´m not going to visit the Grays. Uh-uh, no way. There´s no way I´m going there. It was your job to convince them, not ours.”
“I didn´t say that. Relax,” I tell her. “This is not about the Grays. That´s done and over with.”
“Well, what´s your plan then?” Dante asks. 
“It´s not a plan. Uriel needs us to go with him,” I explain.
Should I tell them there might be monsters or creatures or something along those lines? I don´t think so. I don´t think they need to know. And If I do tell them they might abandon ship and Uriel needs us. We´ve all got a job to do. 
“Count me in,” Dante says.
“Okay, me too. But if I see anything scary looking, I´m going to hit you and hit you hard,” Danica says. 
“Alright then, done deal. The Grays aren´t coming to help us so we´ve got two options. We fight and we fight hard,” I tell them. 
I´ve got them all psyched. They´re ready to roll. I think I like our chances even though they´re pretty slim to none. 
“Anyway, what was it like? The Grays and all,” Danica asks.
“they´re harmless. Reason why they´re not coming is because they´re so passive and all. I even got angry with them,” I respond. 
“Wow, you got angry…with the Grays?” Danica says. “That´s awesome.”
“No, not really. I didn´t accomplish anything, did I?” I ask. “How did things go when I left?” 
“Everything´s a mess. The military´s declared martial law. We´ve got a curfew,” Dante says. 
“Pretty bad then,” I respond. 
“Political leaders all over the world have completely vanished. Just like they said they would,” Dante says. 
“Yusep Andreiv,” the only two words that come out of my mouth. 
“You got that right,” he responds. “We´re on our own.”
I seem to be motivating them. I think I´ve somehow activated their thought processes. Did I do that? I think I did. 
“And I´ve always wanted to see penguins,” Danica says. 
Where´d that come from? We´re not going on an expedition. We´re going to business.
“Let´s get back inside,” Dante says.
“Yeah, let´s go for Uriel,” I say. “Let´s get this over with already.”
We head upstairs and there they are, all along the tube as the watch the riots, the protests, the marches in almost every major city around the world. There are looters everywhere as the scene´s chaotic. At least they know something´s going on. Better than not knowing. 
“This is crazy,” Danica says. 
“Yep, the end of the world,” Miguel says. 
“Are you ready?” Uriel asks. “Yep!” I respond. 
“Did you…?” he asks as I cut him off. “I told them and they´re coming too.”
“Let´s get this going,” Dante says as he is anxious. 
“Where´re you headed off to now?” George asks as he stands up and walks over to me. 
“We´re going after Yusep,” I respond. 
“Great, now where does that leave us?” Mario asks.
“Just be ready, all of you,” Uriel tells the Prosecutors. “Your help will be needed…soon.”
This is crazy. I mean, who knows what Yusep is up to. And then we´ve got the android to contend with and his gigantic ship filled with who knows what kind of army. 
“We´ll be ready. This is our home turf,” Carlos says. 
 I look at each one of them. They´re old guys but they seem ready. They were born for this. Their faces say everything. They look like knights ready to defend their kingdom. They look pumped and ready to go. George suddenly turns in the direction of his wife. He walks towards her and pulls her close in his arms. She´s got tears coming from her eyes. Are they tears of joy or sorrow? Do she know something we don´t? 
“I´m ready. I´m ready for the fight. I´m prepared to fight for my home field, myself and most importantly, you. I love you,” Cagney tells his sweet and loving wife and then kisses her. 
This is what love does to people. It brings them hope and happiness. It brings people purpose and wisdom. This is what love does, it gives confidence. When all else fails, love is all we need. 
“How sweet. I hope I find someone like that. Someone that´ll love me the rest of my life. Someone that I can share my life with, like that,” I hear Danica say. 
There´re are so many things I can say about her. She has so many facets that I can´t begin to describe her. I´m so lucky to even have someone like that as my friend. She´s one of my closest friends. And, honestly, I can´t help it, I´m falling for her, big time. But I´m fighting the urge. I´ve known her all of my life. I wouldn´t want to lose her. 
I look over at Uriel and he´s got a blank look on his face. I wonder, does he have someone, anyone, to call his own? 
“We have to go?” the traveler tells us. 
We depart Cagney´s mansion and head for the Locust 4. This time I can see it, it´s silhouette is stronger and more present than before. It´s almost diamond-shaped. I´m afraid Uriel and I are the only ones because Dante and Danica stretch their arms out hoping they don´t bump themselves with the flying vehicle. I guess I can see because of the armor I´ve got on. I guess I can see because the emblem I´m carrying is ever so powerful. Uriel guides my two friends into the vehicle. And then we enter right behind them. Everything is the craft is becoming clearer. It´s becoming more detailed. My eyes can capture much more detail than before. The images are more crisp. Even though I´m sure Dante and Danica can´t see everything as well as I do, the look on their faces say everything, they are truly astonished. 
“Wow, this is awesome,” Dante says. 
“Pinch me,” Danica tells me. 
“Why?” I ask.
“Because…I think…I´m dreaming,” she responds.
Danica´s everywhere. She touches everything she looks at and I´m sure it´s all out of curiosity. She looks like a little girl in a candy store.
“Get away from that,” Uriel tells her. 
She wants to know what every control does. 
“On second thought, don´t touch anything…at all,” the traveler adds. 
She sits on her chair or seat or whatever it is and starts to put, at least it looks that way. Uriel readies us for take-off as we strap in. And I can tell Dante and Danica are ready. The looks on their faces say it all. But this isn´t a roller coaster or a theme park ride, this is a bona fide spaceship. 
I can feel the spacecraft hover just above the ground. The Locust 4 feels like it´s got so much power in whatever propulsion system it has. 
“It´s incredible how the instruments are…plant like. It´s exotic and mesmerizing, this ride of yours,” Danica tells Uriel. 
She looks like she´s having the time of her life. The craft takes off as it´s virtually motionless. I can´t feel a thing as it´s descending into the clouds. Just thinking about Antarctica gives me the chills. I don´t like the cold weather, I never have. I´ve never gotten used to frozen winters, the snow. I´ve never had fun in the snow, it´s only given me cold symptoms and the flu. Ah, Antarctica, the icy wonderland, I can definitely wait. 
The looks on Dante and Danica´s faces is priceless. They react like the same kids I met in elementary school. It´s beautiful to see them act like that. I guess the saying is true. You´re only young once, my mom always told me. Enjoy it while you can. 
In a matter of minutes, the ship descends on an icy patch in the frozen tundra. Uriel gives Dante and Danica temporary outfits to prepare them for the icy surface, but no emblem. I´m sure that means that he only had one and he chose to give it to me. Is it my luck or is he just plain foolish? 
“We´ve got to get to the Dragon´s Lair. Yusep´s there. He wants to set them free,” Uriel says. “We need to stop him before he does.”
Dragons? He never said anything about dragons. I look over at Dante and Danica and she hits me repeatedly. 
“Hey, what´s that for?” I ask. 
“I told you I was going to smack you if there were any creatures or monsters involved. Dragons count too,” she says.
“Okay, okay, stop it already,” I say. 
“Okay, I´ll stop but only because I´ve always wanted to see one,” Danica says. 
We´re ready to exit the spacecraft. 
“Pay attention to your surroundings out there,” Uriel instructs me. “Your emblem makes you virtually unstoppable but your friends don´t have the same luxury.” 
There is an opening in the Locust 4 and I can already feel the extreme temperatures outside. The wind is howling violently. My suit begins to adjust itself to the frigid temperatures and off we go into the ice cold conditions. 
Everything and I mean, everything is white, pure white. The gusts of wind are so strong that they push us back from time to time. What are we looking for anyway? Will we even know when we find it? It´s as if I´m looking for an opening in toothpaste. I can´t seem to get a clear picture of anything. We set off to find Yusep and the Dragon´s Lair. I´m ready, at least, I think I am. And my friends look like they´re ready as well. But will we find any unexpected characters along the way? We have everything to worry about and nothing to lose. I´m going to fight…to the bitter end.  
Chapter 10
Uriel´s leading, Dante and Danica are in the middle and I´m following everyone. I´m the lookout, if one could call it that. And who´s looking out for me? I know it´s blistering cold but I can´t feel it at all. The reason I know it´s so cold is because I can feel the strong winds as they bounce off my suit of armor. It´s also getting extremely difficult for Dante and Danica as they walk through these extreme conditions. They´re getting knocked back at times by the strong gusts of wind. These conditions don´t seem to bother Uriel one bit though. Wonder what he´s made of? He looks like me and yet we´re not the same at all. Sometimes I think, he´s gotta be a robot. But there are other things that make me realize he´s not. There are things he does that make me believe, he does have some human in him after all, or at least I hope so. 
The Antarctic winds are fierce. What is it that we´re looking for anyway? A cave? An opening in some mountain? Yusep, where are you? Why does that guy have to go through such great lengths to make the people of this world, my world, so miserable? Aren´t we bad off as it is? Now he´s got to sell us out to some demonic robot. The things money makes a man do? And all it really does is corrupt souls. 
The spaceman makes an abrupt stop. What´s he looking for? I survey the area to make sure no one´s following us. I scan the area for the enemy but I can barely see anything on this thick and icy surface. Wish I could. 
I feel something hit me from the side. Then I hear giggles. It´s Danica as she´s started a snow ball fight. “Come on. Would you stop it already,” I tell her. Then I get hit another time and then another. That´s it. I bend down and pick up a patch of snow and roll it into a ball. She starts running but she´s very, I mean, very slow, especially in these conditions. I hurl the ball of snow at her and knock her down. did I just do that, I think. Or did she fall on her own in her own dramatic fashion. 
I guess I don´t know my own strength. Maybe it´s the suit, in fact, it´s gotta be the suit. It´s probably giving me more strength than I´m used to. I go over to where she is and pick her up by the arm. 
“You jerk. What´s wrong with you? I was only playing,” she says.
“I´m sorry. I didn´t mean to…,” I respond before she cuts me off. 
“Yeah right. Just get away from me,” she says as she brushes my hand off her arm. 
“I said I´m sorry,” I respond. 
I look over at Dante and he points to Uriel. The spaceman´s found something in the ground, at least that´s how it appears. He touches the ground and signals for my help. I start to dig away the snow with my hands. Thin layer after thin layer of ice slush is removed from under us. In a matter of minutes, I notice something is there, underneath covered by the frost. It´s something strange and mysterious. It´s a very large hatch in the ground I suppose. And it´s in the middle of nowhere. We uncover strange markings on its outer shell. It´s some sort of weird language or a set of codes, I´m sure. I think Uriel´s observing the symbols on the sunken hatch. I wonder what they are, what the set of cryptograms mean. They´re probably instructions of some sort. They´re probably telling him to stay away and I sure hope it´s not the case. He puts his hands on the sides of the hatch as they make indentations in what appears to be a spacecraft that crash landed many, many years ago. It looks like a UFO, the ones I see on television. It´s silver and shiny, it´s surface. Wow, what a magnificent sight as whatever the alien did, it´s ascending a bit above the ground. The hatch is part of something bigger, an ancient and enormous alien spacecraft. The extraterrestrial instructs us to move onto the hatch, all of us. And then it slowly descends into the Earth or spacecraft. It lowers us like an elevator. I think the spacecraft is a façade for whatever is down here. It´s taking us down to the depths of what appear to be caverns. I guess this cave or whatever it may be is not man-made by any means because there are so many strange symbols and markings like the ones we saw on topside. As we continue our descent, I wonder, it may have been built by extraterrestrial beings or a more intelligent life form. It´s definitely not human. It´s not possible because wherever we´re going, it´s very deep below the ground.
There are flashing lights constantly moving around us in a counter-clockwise motion. We´ve started to slow down so I´m guessing we´re nearing the bottom, finally. 
“What is this place?” Dante says.
“I have no idea,” I respond. “But it´s cool down here, isn´t it?”
“Yeah, big time,” he responds as he continues to look at the wall markings and symbols. 
Danica hits me again with her fist on my shoulder. “What´d you do that for?” I ask.
“Because I felt like it,” she answers.
Ouch, well that one really hurt more than the last one,” I tell her. 
“Oh really, it did eh?” she responds and then she hits me again. 
“Okay now. That´s enough,” I respond. 
“And if Yusep´s trying to unleash some monsters or creatures or whatever, get prepared, because I´m going to hit you again, I promise,” she responds with a sarcastic vigor. 
She looks like a firecracker waiting to explode. Damn, she scares me sometimes. She really does. 
“So…I guess this is what they call the Hollow Earth theory. It sure is hollow all right,” Dante says as he and the rest of us all truly astonished. 
Yes, I´ve seen it on the internet. I´ve read about it. This is what some researchers and scientists refer to as the Hollow Earth, an opening in our world. Well, at least we know for sure, it´s real. 
We´ve finally landed and my bicep hurts. Couldn´t the suit have protected me from Danica´s thunderous punches? It saves me from the Gray´s harmful sun, Osiris, but it can´t do anything against a tiny female who packs a lethal punch. I don´t get it. I just don´t get it. 
I turn my attention back to the mission at hand and realize this is completely awesome. Who would´ve known that Antarctica, a place where there´s virtually nothing, was hiding this secret? I guess that means that Santa Claus and the North Pole are on the other side of this thing, this tunnel. Who knows, maybe there´s an identical hatch on the North Pole. It´s just a thought. 
There´s a large metallic circular door to our left. It´s big, it´s really big. It´s sturdy metal as it glimmers in the fading light. Knock, knock! What´s she doing? 
“Danica come on. What are you thinking?” I whisper. “Go ahead, just tell the bad guys we´re here, why don´t you?”
“Okay,” she says as she knocks again. 
“Tell her something,” I tell Dante as she´s not listening to me.
“And have her hit me too?” Dante fires back. “I don´t think so.” 
Everything down here looks like it was built by the ancient Egyptians or, at least, that´s what this place reminds me of. There are hieroglyphics everywhere. I saw something like this on a Discovery Channel program. I just can´t remember what show it was exactly. I feel like we´ve uncovered a part of history. 
Uriel places his left hand in front of the immense structure and the portal opens quickly. It must´ve had a motion detector or something along those lines. We walk through and as soon as we´re all on the other side, the huge door closes behind us. I guess there´s no turning back. I walk away from Danica as fast as I can. “What´d you do that for?” she says as I think I startled her. She probably thought I saw something but I was actually running from her. 
“Didn´t want you to hit me again, that´s all,” I explain. 
“Oh, come on Enoch. Do you think I´d do something like that at a time like this?” she says. 
“Yes,” I say as I am positive she would. 
It´s dark down here. There´s not too much light. There are some electricity panels which I find kind of strange, but not enough to illuminate the entire area. At the center of the room or area, there´s a downwards spiral staircase that leads to who knows what. I´m really not sure, I can´t see anything down there. It´s so dark that it looks as though there´s no end to them. There´s no way out, the only way to go is down, deeper into the Earth. Uriel makes a orb in his left hand. It almost looks like a small flame as we follow him down. We´re in the same cadence, I´m at the end of the line. And again I wonder, what if someone or something attacks me? The light from his hand is just enough for all of us to see the ancient paintings covered by the darkness. They´ve probably been here for hundreds maybe thousands of years. The pictures on the walls are truly a spectacular sight. While this is all very interesting, it makes me wonder about the mission ahead. What´s Yusep trying to do, really? And how many of those monsters are there? Do we stand a chance? 
We finally get to the end of the staircase and honestly, I thought they would never end. I start to lose focus as we get to the bottom. I begin to daydream. 
“Wake up Enoch. I have something to show you,” a male voice says. 
It´s Gustav Sanity and I´m back in his world. How? This can´t be. 
“Follow me,” he says as there´s music playing in the background. I´m back in the arena of his. Or this could all be something I just made up in my mind. I´m not sure. But I´ve never daydreamed like this before, ever. 
“This Enoch, is my latest creation. It´s called Paper Moon and you´re the first to hear it. I wrote it for my wife, Christie. I don´t think I can ever forget that face of hers. The way she made me feel. She was everything to me, I swear,” he says.
And it is a beautiful tune. I wish I had that ability, to write a song as beautiful as that, heck, any song. I am privileged. He sings with the track almost like he´s lip-synching.   
Paper Moon
Have I ever told you what I like about you, the way your big brown eyes light up the stars, the way your eyes shine in the midnight sky
Have I ever told you what I truly like, it´s the way your smile lights up my day, it´s the way your laughter….
The way your tiny body fills every space of my life, every space of my life
You are my shining star, you are my shooting star
On a paper moon, on a paper moon, I look for you
On a paper moon, on a paper moon, I write your name
On a paper moon, on a paper moon
I remember the headlines.it shocked the world. Christie Parlor, wife of Gustav Sanity, dead at such an early age. She died in a motorcycle accident. Gustav claimed to have had an argument with her before she left. The pain and the agony he must´ve felt. He probably thinks he´s to blame for everything. To lose the love of your life, so early on in life, must really suck. I´m not going to mention that to him. I´m sure he knows that I know. I think this world he´s in, yes, he´s in a coma, but I think he´s creating, like an altar. Something to remember her by. He´s trying to push away his angry thoughts. He´s trying to rid himself of his pain and suffering. He´s trying to create a world of peace and tranquility for himself.
And now I wonder, how´s this man supposed to help us, the human race? What can he possibly do to help us? This all doesn´t make any sense. He´s practically a ghost. And his physical self is in some hospital somewhere in Los Angeles, California. I simply don´t get what he has to do with saving our world. 
“It´s beautiful,” I say.
“She was, yes, she was,” he responds.
He sounds like he´s out of it. I find him a bit more confused than in our last meeting.
“I mean…the song,” I say.
“Oh yes, what was I thinking? Yes,” he responds almost like a zombie.
He looks towards the empty seats, then the bleachers. 
“What am I supposed to do Enoch?” he asks. “Tell me, because I still don´t know.”
“I´m not sure. I´m sorry,” I say.
“It´s just that I feel like I´ve been here, in this place for an eternity,” he says as he´s clearly grief stricken.
He´s practically crying his heart out. He looks bummed out completely. The music stops completely. He grabs my shoulders and shakes me in hysteria like a little kid. 
“Please, if you meet with Gabriel let him know I´m still waiting. I´m awaiting his instructions,” the rock star says. 
“But, I don´t even know him. I haven´t met with him yet,” I respond. 
I feel really bad for him with all this isolation and all. I don´t know if I could put up with all of this either. 
“I hope you meet up with him real soon,” he says as he snaps his fingers. “Now, it´s time for you to wake up.” 
And that I do. I´ve got a shiny light right in my face. It´s the orb of light Uriel is carrying. 
“Are you alright?” Danica asks.
“Yeah…yeah. I´m fine,” I respond. “How long was I out?” I ask. 
“I think you were just daydreaming. You were out for a couple of minutes,” Dante says. “Daydreaming?” I respond. 
“Yeah, that or sleepwalking but I think Danica´s the only one that does that,” Dante says as he begins to laugh. 
“Laugh all you want but don´t cry when I knock you out,” Danica says. 
“Let me help you up,” Uriel says as he offers me a hand. 
I was knocked out and fell? That´s strange. I´m slow to get up but I feel fine. I´m kind of dizzy but this is not going to stop me from doing what I came here for.  
“You look pale as a ghost,” Danica says. 
“Are you sure you can keep going?” Uriel asks.
“I´m as sure as I´ve ever been,” I say. 
We walk forward and I remember the tune from back with Gustav. I start to hum the tune I heard back at his stadium. The melody must´ve stuck in my head. Danica gets right besides me.
“Sounds beautiful. Never heard that tune before. Who´s it by?” she asks. 
“You wouldn´t believe it if I told you,” I respond. 
I can´t just tell her it´s Gustav Sanity´s newest song. I can´t tell her that I know him personally. She´d think I´m crazy. But, now am I, I wonder. I´m not so sure I didn´t dream all of this. Some of this just doesn´t make any sense to me. For all I know, he´s probably still in some hospital room, somewhere with doctors all around him hoping he´ll wake up someday soon. 
“Let´s just say it´s a new song. One you won´t be hearing anytime soon,” I tell her as I walk away from her. 
I´ve located something truly amazing and spectacular at the base of the stairs behind us. It´s another corridor but there´s something bright and shiny coming from within the tunnel. I walk in to find strange and otherworldly markings such as those that are placed everywhere else, but these are made with solid gold. In fact the whole tunnel is covered in gold. The walls are as smooth as coins outlined with ancient pictograms and maps of, I´m guessing, the stars. It´s like nothing I´ve ever seen before. There is a light buzzing sound coming from within the tunnel as well. It´s almost like an engine behind the walls. Are we in some kind of gigantic spaceship or something? It could be a generator though. 
I think I hear someone coming. I think I hear footsteps, someone up ahead. There´s someone here…with us. I hope whatever it is, it´s human. I wouldn´t want a creature to pop out of the darkness. 
Uriel signals for us to be quiet. The light orb in his hand starts to dim. It´s almost non-existent. With all of this darkness, I start to think about the Dragon´s Lair. How many are there? And when will we meet up with Yusep? Like father, like son, that arrogant son of a %&$%$!
There was a time I thought Finley was adopted. But now I know, it´s a hereditary problem, this bullying comes from bad parenting skills. 
In the distance I spot a light, a soldier carrying a flash light. He´s dressed in typical camouflaged attire and his face is painted. I tell everyone to keep quiet and to watch their step. The mercenary´s movements tell me he hasn´t detected us yet. Or this could all be some sort of trap. The guy looks very built and with his weapon, he looks even more so. But he´s acting very strange the closer we get. He looks worried or scared. He points his gun at everything he comes across. I´m wondering, does he know we´re here, right in front of him? Does he know we´re following him? He could be leading us into a trap. I´ve seen it in many movies, the god guys get overconfident and walk right into the hands of the antagonist. Let´s stay back as much as we can.as far away from that muscle head as possible. Something´s not right about him or this place. Something tells me Yusep knows we´re here. I can sense it. And he´s definitely not alone. 
We´re led through tunnel after tunnel as we uncover a network. There´s no end to these channels. I don´t even think that soldier knows where he´s headed either. He looks lost and confused. He´s even talking to himself, I guess he´s trying to remember his way back to his pack of soldiers. 
Something catches him by surprise as he raises his massive firearm unexpectedly. And right in front of him I notice statues or figurines just above his head. What are they? And what are they doing here? 
He continues and we´re right behind him. I want to take a closer look at those things. I can´t believe my eyes. Am I really witnessing this? This can´t be true. They look human. They look like statues but they´re actually not at all. They´re frozen in time. This is…pure insanity. This doesn´t make any sense. I´m looking at a piece of our planet´s history, or at least, I think so. It looks like Adolf Hitler and Amelia Earhart. What do they have to do with each other? One was an aviator, the other a corrupted and cruel dictator. One wanted for females to be more recognized, the other wanted total world domination. Is there something missing here? I´ve seen many documentaries about the both of them and they never coincided with each other. But yet, it looks as if their final movements, well, they were fighting each other. 
I guess Amelia Earhart didn´t actually disappear over the Pacific like everyone said she did. And Hitler certainly didn´t die in Germany, I´m sure of that now. This, this underground network of caves was their final resting place. A remote area in the middle of nowhere, Antarctica, the South Pole. 
I notice that there are various holographic television sets overhead. They depict another side of the events that took place throughout time and history. Someone must´ve been filming through every bit of the events. Or they could be recollections of a madman, Android 66. Whoever or whatever it was that made these recordings must´ve gotten a kick out of being part of history, our history. I would imagine that the android is the sickest and most demented individual in existence, in our world and far beyond. 
How exactly did all these guys get here? There are figures of Genghis Khan, Napoleon Bonaparte, Vlad Dracula, Alexander the Great and I´m guessing some of the greatest Egyptian pharaohs as their untold stories are played for us on large, theatre-like screens behind their respective and frozen bodies. It´s almost like a mausoleum only, I know they´re real. There are other historical figures, in fact too many to count. I´ve even seen Achilles the Greek warrior as well as Homer, Plato and Socrates. Could they all have been influenced by Android 66 or even his sister, Lucy-4? I mean, these were very powerful and important people at some point in time. And it looks like they´ll never see the light of day. These human figurines belong to the Earth now. All of them. And this is what power does to people. This is what it makes them do. Look at what it´s done to Yusep Andreiv. I´d like to stay and watch these parts of history, even though I was good in the subject, I never really liked my history teachers much so I think I´m going to stick to what I came here to do. 
“Wow, if only Ms. Shubert were here?” Dante says. 
“Yeah, she´d be in Avalon for sure,” I respond. This is a historian´s dream come true.   
I look over at Danica because she hasn´t said anything in a while. I find that rather strange because she´s got a comment for everything. Oh no, it looks like she wants to sneeze. Not now, but I can´t blame her. It´s kind of dusty down here. Dante runs up to her and puts his finger under her nostrils. And it looks like it worked. It did the trick. She stopped. 
“Thanks,” she tells her brother with a stuffy nose. But there she goes again. She´s going to do it, there´s nothing anyone can do. Dante holds his hand over her nose and mouth hoping the guard won´t hear her. And to our luck, she barely makes a sound. 
“Yuck,” Dante says as he pulls his hand away and wipes it on his suit. “That was disgusting. His face says everything. 
The guard turns towards us as I´m sure he heard one of the two. And I´m betting, this time, it was Dante´s fault. The mercenary points his heavy artillery weapon straight at us and unloads as we scramble and take cover immediately thereafter. I just hope he doesn´t come our way. And he doesn´t. he probably didn´t see us and honestly, I think that´s a good thing. Even though the mercenary´s pretty far, I can still see the fear in his eyes. He´s sweating like crazy as I´m sure he´s scared to death. 
He´s out of ammunition as he goes for another cartridge. He sure is making a lot of noise. But instead of firing, he moves towards another connecting room. We follow him but with an even greater caution. I´m sure this is about to get a lot uglier. There´s gotta be more of those muscle heads in here, I´m positive. 
“What´s up with that guy?” Danica says.
“I don´t know but it looks like something´s sure got him spooked,” I say. “The Dragons? It´s gotta be,” Dante responds. 
And I think he´s right. What would I do if I saw a fire-breathing dragon? I´m not so sure. I think I´d run. I certainly wouldn´t pet it, that´s for sure. 
“That means…the Dragons…they´re scary looking,” Danica says. 
I immediately cover myself. She´s going to hit me. I know she is. Ah, but I acted on time. Lucky for me, I´m one step ahead of her. She looks at me and asks, “What´re you doing?” 
“You didn´t think I was going to let you hit me, did you? Well, not this time,” I tell her. 
“Get serious,” she says. “Why would I do that? And at a time like this?” 
“I don´t know, because…you feel like it,” I respond. 
“Get real. We´re about to see fire-breathing dragons and…you think I want to hit you?” she says. 
She´s completely right. I have nothing to worry about, at least not from her. I´ve got bigger things to worry about like Yusep…the Dragons. I look over at the opening, the place where the mercenary went into and…”Ouch, that really hurt,” I say as she did it again. She caught me off guard. That girl´s dangerous. I can never tell what she´s thinking. 
“Okay now. What did you do that for?” I say rather slowly. 
“This time, I don´t know actually,” she says as she walks through the opening behind Uriel. 
I walk in and realize the mercenary led us into an immense vault. But no sign of him. We´ve got to be careful it´s not a trap. 
“Where´d he run off to?” Dante says as we look everywhere. He´s practically vanished…into thin air. 
Uriel moves ahead on his own as I´m sure he´s checking for traps, trip-wires and those sorts of things. I´m glad he is. I wouldn´t want to walk into a trap. Boom! Boom! Suddenly a powerful blast rocks the underground cavern we´re in. the ground beneath us shakes out of control as we´re unable to move. The walls begin to rattle and shake. The strong tremor stops and I look around at everyone to make sure they´re okay. I could swear I heard a scream. Could it have caused everything to tremble like that? Could a scream have caused everything to shake uncontrollably? There´s no way. That´s impossible. 
“What was that? What was it?” Danica asks. 
“It sounded like a scream,” Dante says. 
Now I know I wasn´t hallucinating or imagining things. Whoever it was, it was a female´s high pitch voice. 
“She´s here,” Uriel says. “That was her DV8 signature.”
“Who´s she?” Dante asks as he´s surprised.
I´m hoping one of the good guys but I´m certain I´m not right at all. I think I know who he´s talking about. I don´t want to say it so I´ll let the traveler say her name. “Lucy-4´s here. She´s come to help unleash the beasts,” the traveler says.
I knew it had to be her. So, we´ve got more on our plate than I originally thought. And what do we do now? We´ve got Dragons and more bad guys. To add to the mix. 
“Who is she exactly?” Danica asks. 
“Well, Android 66…has a sister. A half-sister to be exact. And Lucy-4´s his” I say before she cuts me off. 
“Sister?” she says as she finishes my statement. 
“Lower your voices everyone,” Dante says as I´m sure he sees us. 
There are twenty or so mercenaries standing around as they are very well-equipped for any surprise attack from…us. I´m sure they´ve got the same technology Uriel is using so I´m guessing, we´re on an even playing field. So we´re not going to be able to freeze time and whisk away unnoticed, thanks to Yusep, that conniving scoundrel. 
The television sets go blank and then there´s fuzz. The lights go out. It´s pitch black. The electricity must´ve gone out. Great, all in the dark. All alone, with mercenary bad guys and Dragons. What else could I have asked for? 
I feel someone touch my hand and then grab it. 
“Please…hold my hand,” Danica tells me. “I have a feeling something bad is about to happen.”
It feels kind of strange holding her hand and all. It feels strange but, I admit, I like it. I don´t know why but I do. 
“Everything´s going to be okay,” I reassure her. “You´ve got your brother here, an alien…and yes…me.”
She starts laughing as I imagine her beautiful white teeth and her cutes little cheeks. But I think it´s a nervous laughter. 
“Is that supposed to make me feel better?” she says.
I can sense her nerves and I hold her tighter. She´s trying t o mask the fact she´s scared with her laughter. 
“Trust me, I wouldn´t let anything happen to you,” I promise her. The lights come on but not very brightly. So do the television screens. The fuzz turns into an image I`m all too familiar with. It`s Yusep as he adjusts his tie. He smiles into the camera. It feels almost like he`s right here in this room with us. I want to jump into the screen and wring his neck myself. Dante looks over at Danica and I as I let her hand go. I forgot he was here, with us. I wouldn`t want him to literally kill me and leave my body here with the rest of these historical figures down here. Even if I was dead, now…that would be really creepy. 
“Uriel, I know you`re down here,” Yusep says through the TV screen. “I`ll let you surrender now or you can suffer the consequences.”
The alien looks back at the screen with a dead look in his face. The screen repeats the transmission over and over again. 
“He knows we´re down here but he doesn`t know where exactly,” the traveler says as he looks over at all of us. “So we`ve got to be extra careful.”
Yeah, of course we do. This isn´t a videogame where if we get shot we can start over. If we get killed, we die, plain and simple. 
We look back into the chamber where the mercenaries are and they`re gone. They know we´re here, they all do. They´ve probably taken their positions waiting for something and anything to move, waiting for us to make our move. Uriel walks over to the doorway and glances in. he takes a pouch out of his pocket. He pours its contents n his hand. It`s dirt, or at least, it looks that way. Dirt? Why would he bring dirt? He sprinkles the dirt on the other side of the door where the mercenaries are hiding. 
“Stand back,” he tells us, “and cover your eyes.”
I duck for cover and so do Dante and Danica. I see a blue light flash out of the other room. Uriel hangs out by the door and looks in. “Wait,” he says as he observes every detail leading to the other side. “Okay, let´s go.”
As we enter, we see the mercenaries scattered on the floor. They look unconscious. They look like they are completely out of it. Wonder what that powdery substance was? Whatever it was, it sure was powerful. It didn´t even make an explosion or a noise. And I thought it was just dirt. The vault we`re in leads to yet another room. And there he is…in the distance, Yusep Andreiv. 
He, in his sophisticated business suit. Only he would think that the end of the world is a business deal. And he`s surrounded by more mercenaries. Another man walks up to him. It`s the same guy from the Capitol. It´s that black-hooded guy. I wonder who he is. He´s pretty built for a bad guy with his bulging biceps and muscular frame. Whoever he is, I´m sure he´s an important figure in Android 66´s plans for world domination. I don´t like this very much. There´re a whole lot of them and four of us. The black-hooded guy exchanges barbs with Yusep. Looks like they don´t get along. Looks like they´re arguing, but about what? So they don´t get along much and that´s probably a good thing, for us. 
Another person enters the fray. A female wearing a black skin-tight suit. She looks like an unfinished robots or maybe she´s just under repairs. She walks slowly as her hips gently move from side to side. She touches Yusep´s face a though she`s trying to seduce him. She´s got him wrapped around her finger. And I think he likes it too. She´s probably got him under some spell. 
We peek in further and realize there are large structures all around them. There have got to be at least a hundred of them. And on the ceiling, I recognize that painting. But how? It can´t be. They couldn´t have stolen it from the Sistine Chapel, could they? Last thing I heard, it was still up there, Michelangelo´s Separation of Light and Darkness. It´s truly astonishing the way it overlooks everything.
“What the…?” Dante says. 
“What happened?” I ask as he looks like he saw a ghost.
“That´s Jacinta Flowers,” he responds as he looks very surprised to see her here.  
He`s totally right. Jacinta Flowers, what´s she doing here? And of all places? She looks so…business-like and all. I was proud of her but not for this. It seems like she works for this sick business magnate. It´s the only reason she´d be down here in the first place. But why would she accept a job…with him…of all people. 
Yusep knows we´re down here s why he hasn´t he done anything or were those TV screens somewhat f a diversion, maybe even just a recording. I mean, I don´t see any state-of-the-art technology down here. Everything´s in decent condition but not in tip-top shape. His image could be being used to fool any possible intruders. But I doubt that, he did mention Uriel. 
“Ms. Flowers, have you deciphered the tablets yet?” Yusep asks.
What tablets? 
“Yes, they`re in here,” Jacinta responds. “All the information is in here, in this sealed envelope.”
“Thank you my dear,” he responds. 
She looks nervous even scared. “I´ll be leaving now,” she says.
“Not so fast. You leave…when we all do,” Mr. Andreiv answers.
Yep, she´s scared alright. 
“He didn´t have to talk to her like that,” Dante says. And he´s completely right. She´s a good girl. I don´t think she wanted this for herself. How´d she even get involved with Andreiv anyway? I thought she told me she was at the university focusing on her studies and stuff like that. 
“Someone should knock some sense into that guy,” he adds. 
I look over at Dante and realize his eyes are glued onto Jacinta. Looks like he has a crush but he´s too man to admit it. Yusep opens the envelope and passes its contents to Lucy-4 as she immediately scrolls through the information at lightning speed. Talk about speed reading. She moves over to one of the large columns and places her hand on it. Her eyeballs roll back as she recites something in another language. I have no idea what it is, I´ve never heard anything like it, very strange. It´s almost as if she is using all tongue, very weird, even disgusting. 
I look over to my right and I´ve got a gigantic gun pointed at my cheekbone. 
“Come with me,” the dark figure says as all of us are escorted t Yusep Andreiv. They´ve surrounded us. Big guys with even bigger guns it seems. What a lethal combination. I look over at Uriel and it´s as if he´s surrendered willingly. What´s up with that guy? I know what he´s made f. I understand that Yusep possesses Uriel´s same technology but he could´ve done something. I don´t like this one bit. 
“Ah, you´re back,” Yusep says with a devilish smile on his face. 
“And what are you doing here?” Dante asks Jacinta. 
“I work here. If you´d paid attention to me more often, you´d know,” she responds. 
And they´re not even lovers. Imagine that. I didn´t even know they spoke to each other. I don´t think Danica did either. I´ve never seen this side of Dante before. He´s always so manly and rugged. I finally get t see his sensitive side. He could´ve told me he had a thing for Jacinta. It wouldn´t have mattered to me. She´s cool with me. 
“And honestly, I´m not your property. You can´t just see me one night and then forget I´m even there,” Jacinta adds.
“Ooh, a lover´s quarrel,” Danica says playfully. 
Yusep cuts in and grabs the alien by the chin, squeezes it real hard and then slaps him. 
“I´m going to let you watch as my precious pets set this world on fire,” he tells him. 
The traveler can take on all of these guys by his lonesome. What´s he waiting for? I look over at Lucy-4 and her hair´s gone wild. It´s as if she´s floating somewhere in the Atlantic Ocean. How does she do that? Her eyes go from white to slimy black in an instance. There´s so much energy in the room, this chamber that I´ve got goose bumps even underneath this Arc armor. The tombs begins to slide open and their images are frightening as they´re brought back to life. One by one, creature by creature, they exit to acknowledge Lucy-4´s presence. They make snorting sounds as puffs of smoke come out of their nostrils. They´re scary, yes indeed. Their dark purple skin and fireball red eyes are very, very intimidating. 
“Ahhh, how cute. They´re beautiful,” Danica says. 
“Beautiful? Are you crazy?” I respond. 
“I´ve always wanted one. I just never knew they existed, that´s all,” she says. 
Am I in the loony bin r am I in Antarctica? Because it seems Danica´s gone, toast. Her mind´s not functioning properly. The creatures in front of us are about to exterminate…the world. And she thinks they´re part of some amusement park. Let´s get serious. Lucy-4 holds out her arms as if the dragons were her children. I can see her face more clearly as she´s got markings along her skin. They look like they´re embedded into her skin. The grafts are intriguing and yet unusual. They almost look like tiny black tattoos all around her body and on one part of her face plate as well. I don´t think it´s a suit she´s wearing at all. I think it´s part of her body. 
“Uriel, glad you could come,” Lucy-4 says as she sticks out her disgusting tongue.
The traveler remains silent and I´m getting impatient and nervous at the same time. Will we ever get out of this mess or are they going to kill us? Will we get to see the light of day? Or are we trapped down here like the rest of the unwritten history books?
The guy in the black-hood looks like he´s fond of Danica. He keeps looking in her direction and it seems t make her feel uncomfortable. Sick bastard! I won´t let him touch her. Even if I have to hurt him. No one´s touching…I was thinking something entirely different…my best friend. 
I think it´s time to matters into my own hands. Think Enoch. Think. How can I get us out of this mess without getting any of us hurt? I´m going to do the same thing Uriel does. I´ve got an emblem. It´s gotta be good for something. 
“Pleasure´s all mine,” Uriel responds. 
“These winged beasts are going to destroy the world. And everything on it,” Lucy-4 says. “It´s going to be wiped clean. Quadrant 7 is as good as ours.”
The mercenaries are distracted. It seems like everyone is. It´s time to make my move. I reach for the backside of my armor and pull out a bow. I pull back on it by instinct and aim and fire at as many of our adversaries as possible. Everyone runs for cover. I think I shot a couple of them but I didn´t want to make sure, I didn´t want to see any blood. I´ve got a pure adrenaline rush. Why didn´t I think of this before? I´m super fast. I love this thing. I hope I can hold on to this emblem and all of its properties for as long as I can. I´m super-human, maybe even beyond that.
I look over at Dante and Danica as they are empty-handed. How can I help them? I run myself over to them as there´s gunfire everywhere. Cough! Cough! And a lot of smoke. “Think of something, anything,” I tell them.
“Just give me anything,” Dante says. “And hurry!”
“Just take it out of my back pouch,” I say. 
He reaches in and grabs a futuristic high-tech gun. It looks extremely dangerous and powerful, almost like a heavy machine gun. Just what the doctor ordered. 
“It´s your turn,” I tell Danica. “And please hurry.”
She grabs none other than a pair of whips. But they are electrically charged. Great weapon of choice. It´ll give her more reach over her opponents. 
She looks at them and says, “I didn´t ask for these.” 
She´s totally right. I don´t think she did at all. I think I was the one who thought she´d look great with whips. “Oops, sorry,” I say.
Where´d Uriel run off to? I try to locate him but there´s too much smoke everywhere. And then I see the ceiling slowly open overhead. They´re going to set the creatures free. There´s classical music playing in the background. I believe it´s Mozart´s Requiem. And how fitting it is since it was his last piece before he died. And this will probably be the last piece of music I´ll ever hear. It´s such a somber tune as it blazes throughout. And where are the speakers in this place? 
There´s a great gust of wind. It´s very strong and windy. Goodbye world, I think as the music moves me.
One by one, dragon after dragon makes its way to the center of the chamber right underneath the retractable dome and launch themselves towards the sky. Dante and I try shooting at them but we fail miserably in our attempts. 
“Wait, wait,” Danica says. “I want one.”
What´s wrong with her, I think as I continue my fight against the dozen or so remaining mercenaries. I look over and am finally able to see Uriel as he´s engaged in a battle with Lucy-4. Their swords clash with one another. It´s as if lightning comes out of their fiery weapons. Their acrobatic prose is one to admire. It´s epic as they match each other with their strength and precise fighting skills. I´ve never seen such a display, not even in the movies. I feel like putting my weapon on the ground and watching but I can´t. 
I look over at Danica as she looks possessed. She swings those whips around like she knows how to use them. She grabs one combatant as one of the whips twirls around his neck. She gets right up to him and says, “Hope you had enough.”
The guy can barely breathe. He looks like he´s trying to say something, I just can´t make out the words. He´s in real pain, I´m sure. And then he falls to the floor with a light pink burn on his neck. “I think you did,” she adds as though to answer for her combatant. She looks over her opponent and smiles. The taste of victory I guess. I call it gruesome. But whatever, she´s still my best friend. 
“I like these things,” she says as she turns over to me. She looks over at Uriel and Lucy-4 and charges in their direction. What´s she up to now? She´s going to get herself killed. They´re not from this world. Lucy-4 will kill her and not even think twice about it. I need to get to her before she gets hurt. I´ve got to run, run as fast as I can and I´ve got to be careful. One shot in the head and I´m dead. I realize I can be killed at any moment which adds to my fear. But I´ve got to defend Danica before she does something painful and dreadfully stupid. 
I can feel the wind around me. Its sound is of the speed in which I´m going. I can´t even control my legs at how fast I´m going. She´s getting closer to the traveler and his half-sister and I think, he can handle his assailant on his own. 
Great, I´m right behind her. “Danica,” I call out.
She looks back as even she´s surprised at how fast I´m travelling. “Please, no! Don´t do it!” I scream out. 
The smoke is clearing. There´s something red on her…suit. What is it? What happened? I reach to her and she reaches out  to give me her hand. I grab her and jump as fast as I can into another direction. I´ve got her nice and tight. She´s safe and sound. “Are you okay?” I ask. 
“Good as I´ll ever be,” she responds. 
She takes her fingers and swats them onto her abdomen. She looks at the area as it drenches them with blood. 
“You´ve been shot,” I say. “What do I do now?”
I´m nervous. My best friend´s been shot. This would’ve never happened if it weren´t for me, foolish me. I wish I could turn back time. If I could, I´d protect her better. I take her to a clearing away from the gun smoke. Most of it has finally subsided. I guess I could count on Dante once again. He´s the one who thought up that weapon of choice, not I. I need Uriel and I need him badly. Danica´s going to die on me. I´m not a doctor or a surgeon. But I´m not going to let her die. 
“Uriel!” I scream. “Uriel, where are you?”
My voice echoes along all of the hallways, enough so that I think the bad guys can trace me, or Danica. My voice is coarse at how strong I screamed. I place my fingers on the wound and hope for a miracle. She´s sweating and she looks like she´s out of it. I think she´s hallucinating. This is getting from bad to worst in a hurry. A dark figure emerges from the shadows. 
“Uriel, you made it,” I say.
“Think again,” the mysterious figure says. He comes out of the darkness completely. It´s Yusep and I wasn´t expecting him at all. He points a pistol to my head. 
“Go ahead, do it. I´m not scared. I´m not scared at all,” I say with conviction. 
“You should be,” he responds. 
“Yeah, why´s that?” I ask.
“Because everything…I mean everything…is soon to come crashing down,” he says. 
I look over at Danica and realize, he´s right. Nothing´s going right. 
“Including your girlfriend,” he adds as his laughter fills the underground cavern. He throws down the pistol near me and I pick it up and point it at him. 
“Go ahead. Shoot me. It won´t do you any good,” he says as he walks away slowly. He then lights up a fancy cigar as he has his back to me.
“What makes you think I won´t kill you?” I ask. 
“Because I know you. I know who you are. You´re not a killer,” he responds. “You´re anything but a killer.” 
And then quickly thereafter, he disappears as quietly as he appeared. Into the direction he came. 
“Help! Help me!” I yell out again as I´ve nearly lost my voice. 
“Just go already. Leave me here,” Danica says as she has barely enough strength to muster up the words. She´s dying and there´s nothing I can do. 
“I´m not leaving you…ever,” I assure her. 
“You know…I had a dream…that you and me. Well…we were different people. And that…we kept…finding each other,” she says as blood squirts out of her mouth. She´s losing it. I´m losing her.
Another figure walks in from the shadows and I pick up the pistol again. I get up from the ground. I aim towards the mysterious figure. I´ve got tears rolling down my eyes. 
“I´ll kill you. I swear I will!” I shout. 
I pull the trigger back. “Stay away. I´m warning you.”
The shadowy figure continues to advance towards Danica and I. I fire a warning shot as Danica´s gasping for air. I´m losing her for sure now.
And then the figure steps out of the shadow and realize it´s a friend, it´s Uriel. 
“You´re not letting her die,” he says. 
I get on my knees as I´m completely defeated. I don´t know what else to do. “Step away from her,” the traveler says. 
He comes to her side and checks her pulse. “She´s barely there,” he adds.
He looks for the origin of the wound, I presume as he places his hand on the bloodied area. A light begins to emanate from his fingertips. Danica begins to cough uncontrollably. Sounds like she´s dying. Her body then begins to convulse and then her upper body comes up and she opens her eyes wide. 
I come in closer to see if I can help. He waves me off. He looks at me directly in the eyes. He looks angry. What could I have done? I don´t have the same abilities he does. 
“I said…step…away,” he reiterates. 
Her face is pale as a dove. She must be losing a lot of blood. I think, but I hope not. I´m going to lose her. Uriel´s in a meditative state concentrating solely on Danica, trying to revive her. He gets up and rubs his hands together. 
“So…is she…okay?” I ask. 
“You know Enoch, this is your job. I let you hold onto to that emblem,” he tells me as he pats me real hard near my heart. “That means you´ve got a responsibility.”
“To do what? I don´t even know how to use this thing, this armor you gave me. You didn´t show me how to use it,” I respond.
“It´s part of you now. You are its pilot, it´s guide. You are its eyes,” the traveler tells me.
Okay, let me get this straight. He scolds me for not knowing how to use this…thing, this armor that´s somehow wrapped itself around my body? Come on, give me a break. I´m not from the stars above. I´m from Earth, the third rock from the sun. 
I look down and hope Danica´s not dead. I hope she´s just laying there unconscious. I hope she snaps out of it. I kneel down and lean over to hear or listen to her pulse, her heartbeat. Snap out of it. Let´s pretend this never happened. I lie down on her upper chest area and feel someone squeeze my shoulder tightly. It´s almost like a pinch. It´s Danica and she´s alive. She starts to cough as she tries to get up.
“Get off me,” she says.
“You´re alive,” I tell her. 
“Yes, I am. And where am I?” she whispers as she grabs me by the collar. 
I´ve never been this close to her or any other girl in my life. It feels pretty good though. I feel like the only thing I want to do is kiss her. I want to savor those beautiful lips of hers. I want to spend this moment for the rest of my life. But instead I ask her, “Are you okay?”
That´s the best I could come up with without being totally disgraced. I don´t want to be rejected, not by her. She´s an important person in my life. One of the most important even. To lose what we have to one kiss. I´m not sure it´s worth it, even though it´s the only thing I want to do.
“Can I do something?” she asks rather passionately. 
“What? You name it,” I respond. 
“Come here. Come…closer,” she says. 
And as I do, Dante rushes in with another mysterious figure. I can´t believe my eyes. He captured the black-hooded guy all by himself. 
“Surprise, surprise,” Dante says. 
“What? I mean…I didn´t do anything,” I tell him as I quickly get up off his sister. “No, really…I didn´t do anything.”
Danica gets up off the floor and runs over to her brother. “What happened?” he asks. 
“She nearly…died,” I respond. 
He comes over to me and stands right in front of me. He stares into my eyes and pauses. He looks very angry. Then he pushes me. “What´s up with you?” he shouts.
I´m at a loss for words. What am I supposed to tell him? His sister almost got killed. Like one says, blood is thicker than water. He turns around and the black-hooded guy makes a run for it. Dante runs after him and then so do I. I run past Dante and immediately thereafter catch our villain, I grab him by the neck. I´m so angry. I want to beat the crap out of him. I feel like I´m on steroids or something. I can´t contain myself. I start pounding on the black-hooded guy. I hear a voice in back of me.
“Stop it,” she says. “You´re not a killer.”
I look back as I nearly kill my adversary. 
“I don´t want to be soft anymore,” I say as I recognize Danica´s voice. It worked, her voice has calmed me down. Again, does this woman have split personalities? I don´t get her…at all. 
“You´re not a bad guy. Don´t be one of them. It´s not worth it,” she says. She gives me her hand as she helps me up. I hug her like I´ve never hugged anyone before. 
The black-hooded guy spits out blood but refuses to say anything or at least I think so. Dante grabs him up off the floor and throws him up against the wall. The villain gets doesn´t retaliate, instead he paces back and forth. I guess he´s thinking of a plan or something. Dante doesn´t take his eyes off him. Looks like he´s the one who wants to kill him. I guess my dear friend is waiting for our opponent to make the first move. 
I look over at Uriel as I´m still hugging Danica. “Thanks,” I tell him, “for saving Danica.”
Yes, I greatly appreciate that she didn´t die and she almost did because of me. I could have done things differently. The alien doesn´t want to acknowledge me. I think he´s still angry at me. Seems like everyone is. Can´t seem to please anyone these days. I mean, how am I supposed to know how to use this armor? I didn´t ask for it. It just came to me, given to me by alien…by him. Go figure! And he thinks we´re the same, humans and aliens. I look over at our prisoner as he looks like the embodiment of pure evil. He´s expressionless, he looks like he´s mocking us, or at least, his mask tells me so. 
Who is he anyway? Alien or human, like Yusep? Is there any way he can help us? Can he tell us something we don´t know? I think we already know what we need to know, he´s part of the bad guys and we´re good guys. What else is there to know? That the world is coming to an end. I say we leave him here and take him out. Off with his mask. Let´s see who this guy really is. Let´s see what he´s made of. 
“What´s the plan?” Dante asks the hooded guy. 
The black hooded character looks back at him as though he´s puzzled or playing stupid. I think he´s playing games. He´s hiding something. But what? Whatever he´s trying to do I don´t think he should play with Dante. He´s the wrong guy to mess with. 
I look over at Danica, and his sister, even worse. And just as I thought, there she goes, tiny little self and all. 
“Be careful,” Dante tells her.
“Careful with what? This…guy? Oh, please,” she responds. 
She gets on her tip-toes and asks, “Who are you?”
He begins to laugh. Sounds like he´s got a deep voice or he´s faking it. I´m not too sure what to make of him. It´s almost as if he´s using some sort of device to cover his real voice. 
“You know me better than you think,” he says. 
She smacks him and then slaps him. “You like to get hit by a woman, don´t you? How does it feel?” she says as she walks away. 
I guess it´s Dante´s turn because he´s doing the same as his sister.
“Where are you from?” he asks. 
“I´m not from so far,” the villain says and then laughs again.  
He clocks him so hard that the black-hooded guy falls to the ground. He quickly gets up like a rubber band and examines his jaw area. 
“Pretty good,” he says. “But not good enough.”
“Alright, alright, that´s it! It´s my turn,” I say rather violently. I think I´ve lost control. I didn´t know I could get like this. I didn´t know I had this side. I´m getting scared…of myself. 
I´m going to knock that grin off his face. 
“What do they call you?” I rather as politely as I can as I feel the molecules in my body changing, boiling. 
“The Black-Hood and what´s it to you, punk?” he answers. 
I grab him by the shoulders and throw him against one of the cave walls. The villain hits it so hard, rocks and dirt pour down onto his mask. I realize he just gave me a clue. He´s got to be human. He called me a punk. I don´t think an alien would´ve called me a punk. I…I think I know him. In fact, I´m positive I do. But it can´t be him. I grab him by his mask and take off his cowl. And before us, he´s revealed. His face, his golden locks. It´s Finley, my favorite guy in the world. No way, it can´t be. So he´s in on the end of the world parade just like his dad. I´m going to kill him. I swear I am.   
Chapter 11
I cock back my arm and I´m ready to pound in his skull. “Any last words?” I ask him.
“Enoch, what´re you doing?” Danica says as my fist is ready to go. I look at Finley as his only reaction is to smile. And I hate it when he does that, all sarcastic and all. I remember that he used to do that to me a lot. High school and middle school, I think he´s the one who made me dislike it so very much. The way he used to blame things on me or some other poor guy. It´s mental abuse and I wonder, is it worse than physical harm? The guy´s good at what he does, making people suffer, while he lavishes in his lucrative lifestyle. What makes him so different in the eyes of other people?
“Enoch, you´re not a killer,” Danica says. 
Is it that we all have our minds so programmed in material things? Is it so much so that we let these bullies ruin our lives because they supposedly have more than we do, whether it be money or muscle? Well, I have a caring father and he, Finley, his father is bent on destroying the world. How productive can that be? The only image that takes over is that of my father. He taught me not to hate anyone, I mean no one. Why did he do that? 
I scream at the top of my lungs. I´m extremely angry. My attention goes back to my fist and how I want to bas Finley´s brain in, if he even has one. There´s fear in his eyes. I can see it. I can almost taste it. My next move is to hit him but I don´t. I make a hole in the wall. I didn´t know I´d become so powerful. Yes, I could´ve killed him. My anger almost consumed my essence. Danica´s right, this isn´t me. I can never be like him, never. Thanks Danica, you saved my life again. Actually, you saved my soul this time. And she´s right…I´m not a killer. 
“I´m glad you…,” Danica says before I cut her off.  
“I know…I know. You´re glad I didn´t kill him,” I say as I reach out for a hug. She passes right by me. 
“Left him for me,” she says as she slaps him silly. “I should have hit you over the head with something harder back there…at the party,” she adds.
Wow, that was harsh. What looks worse, a punch or a slap in the face? By a girl? I´d say a slap in the face…by a girl. 
“Come on guys. Stop,” Finley says as Danica slaps him over and over again. “Get her off me.”
 I grab her and take her away from him as she looks like a cat clawing away at the bully. 
“Now let´s get serious,” I tell my adversary. “Why would you do this…end of the world crap? I mean, you practically run our school. Why would you want…this? There are many innocent lives at stake, ours included. I don´t want to die young. None of us do.”
I was…only following orders,” Finley responds. 
“Following orders from who? Your dad?” Dante asks.
“Well, not exactly,” he responds. “I just want him to love me. To show me he cares about me. Is that so bad?” 
All this time he was crying for an attention he never got at home. I know his mom wasn´t around all those years and that all he had was a father who showed him that life is about taking things from others, even if it means humiliating them in the process. I think I´m beginning to understand him a bit more. It´s almost as though I want to feel sorry even though I know I shouldn´t. he´s hurt many people throughout the years, stuffing their heads in toilets, giving people wedgies, and hurting them mentally as well as physically. Bullying is probably the worst thing that can happen in high school or in any level of study for that matter. 
I wonder how he feels that his dad and the rest of his thug buddies left him here alone, all by himself. And worst of all, Dante and Danica look like they want to rip his head off. I wonder how he really feels. I don´t think he likes that everyone hates him. In fact, he never has but his money has always spoken for him. I think he truly doesn´t know how to be accepted. But right now, we need him, bully or not. And besides, how do we get out of here. 
“He left me here…again,” Finley says. “Took off with his new friends.” What would I do if my dad did the same? What if I weren´t born into the family I have? Would I be any different from Finley, my greatest adversary?
He looks like he´s ready to hang himself from a tree. He looks so very disappointed. 
“He always does this to me. He leaves me somewhere and tells me he´s trying to make me stronger,” he adds. “I don´t think he cares about me at all.” 
Damn, I feel sorry for him. This makes me so glad that I have who I have. I´m surrounded by people who care about me. 
“Do you think your dad would do this…to you?” he asks me. 
“Honestly, no…I don´t think so,” I respond earnestly.
I pause a couple of seconds. Let that thought soak in. He´s right, no one in my family would do such a thing. “I don´t have your money but I do have a lot of love back home,” I add. 
“You know, right now would be a good time to tie him up and torture him,” Danica says.
“Come on. He´s spilling his heart out to us,” I respond. 
“I know, how sweet,” she responds. “Enoch, you´re such a wuss.” 
“I even started wearing this stupid black hood. And for what? I thought it would bring us closer together and it didn´t,” Finley says as he looks like he´s going to sob.
“So, you agree with your dad, huh? You agree with the situation at hand?” Dante asks him.
“Now, I didn´t say that. I just wanted to be accepted, that´s all. I don´t want the world to end, no way, no how,” he responds. 
He´s visibly in tears, the guy who´s terrified so many others. Wish I could take a pic and show it to all those kids he tortured. They´d probably get a laugh out of it. Sometimes, I put myself in his shoes. I wonder what I´d do with all that money. I mean, it would be amazing to have it all. It would be amazing to travel or to do whatever I wanted but at what cost? I guess it´s really not worth it if there´s no love and affection behind it. 
“Okay, now…how do we get out of here?” I ask.
“You know, we really shouldn´t be looking for a way out of here. What I think we should do is torture this short-fused fool,” Danica says as Finley is now notably scared of her. 
I sense something is wrong. It´s getting hotter in here all of a sudden. I look over at Dante and notice he is perspiring quite a bit. He wipes the sweat from his forehead. Danica fans herself with her hands. “Why´s it so hot in here?” she asks. 
Uriel begins to observe the area. He scans everything like a warrior waiting for something or someone to approach. I think he senses the same danger I do. I think everyone does judging by the looks on everyone´s face. He has his fire sword drawn as the flames are intense. In front of him, it´s the only thing lighting the path in front of us. He goes to the opening where we last saw Yusep and Lucy-4. He peeks in and immediately brings his head back a fireball erupts from the opening. It´s a dragon, probably wasn´t able to make its way out of the cavern. 
“We´ve got trouble,” the extraterrestrial says.
“Damn, it´s hot in here,” Danica says. And she´s right, it´s very hot. We can´t stay in here and wait for the dragon to burn us to a crisp. We´re cornered and there´s no way out. The only thing we can do…fight the fire-breathing beast. I look over at the opening again and it´s almost as if someone´s on the outside with a blowtorch, but only stronger, much more potent. 
“How do we do this?” I say. 
“Do what? I´m not going out there. No way, no how,” Danica responds.
Someone´s gotta do something. That creature´s the size of a building. It´s huge and its wingspan is impressive. 
“I´ll go out then,” I tell everyone. 
“Okay…you do that,” she responds. 
“Fine, I will then,” I respond. 
She quickly grabs my arm and says, “Don´t go out there. That thing will…kill you.”
“Okay, so…you don´t want me to go then,” I tell her.
She walks away in dramatic fashion. “I hope you liked my acting chops,” she says. 
“Acting, you were acting?” I respond. 
“It was so real you didn´t even notice,” she says as she bows. 
“She´s crazy,” Finley interrupts. 
“You shut up. I wasn´t talking to you,” she tells him. 
I wonder what´s worse, a fire-breathing dragon or Danica´s firecracker of an attitude.
“I think I came up with a better idea,” she adds.
“What´s that?” I ask.
“Let´s feed Finley to the beast outside. Let´s sacrifice him to the dragon,” Danica says dramatically. “I heard that when you sacrifice someone or give an offering to dragons it calms them down.”
“No, no! not me! I´ll do anything. But please…don´t let it eat me,” Finley says as he sounds like he´s going to have a heart attack or something. She sure has a way with words. 
“Stop clowning around guys,” Dante says. “We should be thinking of a way out of here.”
And he´s totally right. The more we wait in here, the warmer it´s going to get. And that dragon´s not going to go away anytime soon. It´s surely not going on its own. It´s just waiting for us to step outside. It wants to make a barbeque. It wants us to be the main course. 
“Hey, I´ve got a great idea. Remember what we used to do when we cut class together?” Danica asks us. 
I sure remember. Most of the time we went to my place. Stayed there and ordered pizza with the money we scrounged together. Watched cable television or a DVD and wondered what everyone else was doing at school. What does that have to do with this situation? 
“Not really,” Dante responds. 
“Oh, now I remember. You´re so right…but what makes you think we can do this…against that monster outside?” I ask.
“It´s worth a try,” she responds. 
She´s right about that. We´ve got to try something. We´re sitting ducks in here. We´ve gotta make a run for it. It´s all about a diversion. We need to divert its attention.
“I remember now,” Dante says. “You´ve got a point sis.” 
“Let´s do this,” I say. 
We walk over to the opening and look up as it looks towards us and then sometimes walks away. It can´t fly anywhere because of the little space it´s got overhead. It´s humongous and it looks…hungry. Well…at least it´s not an alien. And it´s going to eat our brains. It could eat us for breakfast, lunch or dinner though.
The dragon turns its back away from the opening and Danica readies us. 
“what are you guys doing?” Uriel asks.
“Just sit back and relax. You haven´t seen anything yet,” Danica responds. 
Let´s make pretend we´re at Angel Cruz High and the assistant principal catches us cutting class. 
“Run,!” Danica screams as we disperse in in different directions. We´ve still got our weapons. They should be of use to us somehow. We´ve all taken strategic points near the dragon and Uriel´s still in side. Which one of us should make the first move, I wonder. I guess it´s gotta be me. I´m the one with the armored suit. It´s gotta do other things I´m not aware of. The dragon roars as it again throws a lot, I mean a lot of fire towards the area in which Uriel´s still in. 
I hope nothing happened to the alien. We wait some seconds and he comes charging out of the cave. He looks like a samurai as he too roars in fury. 
He´s almost like Danica. He´s crazy charging out like that. Exposing himself to the dangerous flames of that dragon. Now´s our chance to do what we can. I start shooting as many arrows as I can. Dante fires away and doesn´t stop. And Uriel slashes its large foot with his fire-sword. We´ve managed to distract the beast but where´s Danica or better yet, what´s she waiting for? I look at the dragon´s tail section and there she is, climbing its escalator-like tail. How´d she do that? She slowly makes her way up as she looks like she´s be cautious, and who wouldn´t be. The dragon´s moving a lot. It´s furious but as it moves about it doesn´t know where to start. It doesn´t know which one of us to attack first. It tries to stomp Uriel first but the alien´s much too fast. Then it fires on Dante. One whirlwind almost catches him but thanks goodness he plays football and as well as he does. He´s a gifted and well-crafted athlete. 
The one I´m worried about is Danica. She´s on the beast and climbing fast. The only things she´s got, whips. What can she possibly do with those? That thing´s a monster. I´ve got to do something. These arrows don´t seem to be giving the effect I so want. I´ve gotta think of something else. I need a sword much like the one Uriel is wielding. A fire-sword, one which will do more damage. And in an instance, before my very eyes, it appears and I now feel like a knight. An Arc knight. I´m one of them. Brave and courageous and full of power. Well…at least I wish I was. But my imagination is giving me a very strong confidence boost. I feel unstoppable. I´m no Uriel but I´ve got the same weapon and armor he does.
He´s given me all the tools and now…I´ve got to make the best of them. I run over to the dragon and jump on its foot and slash it in its ankle area making it more difficult for it to move about freely. That was a great idea, I think.
The dragon tail moves from side to side uncontrollably. Slashing at everything it can. The cave is rocked as it feels like, because of the dragon´s tail, everything´s coming down. I´ve got to get to that girl before she kills herself. She´s almost at the top and she thinks she´s a gymnast. Who knows what she´ll do next? I´m tired of guessing. I´ve got to get up there and fast. So…how do I do this? Do I wish for an airplane…or a helicopter? I don´t get it. A bird perhaps? I remember the dragonflies as they passed throughout my household during the summer time. I recall my trips down the wooded areas near my home, in my backyard, if one can call it that, where there are many. I´ve long admired them for their beauty as well as grace. How they stop and go at will. They are truly amazing creatures. 
I can´t feel the floor anymore. What´s wrong? What happened? My body armor feels heavier. There´s something on my back. They´re, what look like, dragonfly wings, steel-bladed, but dragonfly wings. I´m flying and this is the greatest feeling…ever. 
A giant arm comes in and takes a swat at me. Wow! It sure woke me up. It could´ve killed me with one tap. I´d better be careful. I´ve got to get to Danica…without the dragon noticing. And below me, Dante is still piercing at its skin with his heavy machine gun. Piercing away…tiny pieces at a time. The dragon´s trying to step on him to rid itself of him. And Uriel´s climbing, I´m guessing he´s puncturing the beast at strategic points in its huge body. He´s using its body sort of like a ladder. He looks intense and focused. I fly towards the ceiling as I twirl from position to position. It´s not easy to fly with dragonfly wings on my back. Especially when they´re made of metal. But I swear…the feeling is…exhilarating. 
I can touch the Separation of Light and Darkness as I run my fingers along it and marvel at its beauty. I come back down a bit and zero in on my target, Danica. She´s still climbing, slowly but advancing. My guess is she wants to hit it in the face. I know her pretty well. And when she does touch its face, it can quite possibly snap and move its neck back and forth. 
The chamber is pretty big but not high enough for it…to fly. It doesn´t have enough space. I see Danica as I think she´s losing her balance. I fly right past the monster´s arm as it doesn´t see me. It´s too preoccupied with Dante and Uriel underneath it. Danica almost falls off the dragon but I catch her just in time. 
“What are you crazy?” I tell her. 
“Put me down,” she pouts.
“No,” I say. 
“Come on,” she says. “Just put me down already.”
And there´s no place to put her. She´s right. I can´t just fly us out of here. I´m going to have to join her, help her myself. I wonder what she´s planning. 
“I´m going to hit it in the eyes. I´m going to put it to sleep,” she says. 
“How do you plan on doing that?” I ask. 
“With these,” she says sarcastically as she shows me her, I mean…my, weapon of choice. If I get her high enough so that she can blind that thing, then we´re in the clear. I get her as close as I can and there she goes swinging away. The whips, the electrical charges bother the dragon as it tries to thwart Danica´s assault. It shoots fire in our direction and we manage to barely escape. 
I look down and Uriel´s almost where we are, cutting away, one incision at a time with his fire-sword. The alien gets to its heart and shoves his sword into the dragon. He hangs on the sword to make sure he doesn´t only puncture it, but destroys it. The dragon moans and cries. It looks like it´s in unbearable pain. And it looks like it´s going to fall and tumble on everything. Oh no. There goes. The beast starts to plummet as everything begins to shake. It feels like an earthquake. I´ve got to get Danica out of here. And Dante´s down there. Kaboom!!! It´s like a bomb exploding. My dragonfly wings let me hover just above everything as I carry Danica. 
“My brother. Where´s my brother?” she says. I put her down away from all the wreckage. 
“I´ll be right back,” I tell her as she´s hysterical.
My dragonfly wings disappear and I´m a whole lot lighter. I search through the dust and rubble. The debris in which the dragon´s left the place. It´s a mess and it smells…disgusting as well. Did the beast have time to go to…the bathroom? I mean, it really stinks. I don´t think anything could have survived this. 
I search through the wreckage and the first person I find is Dante and he´s okay. A little stunned, but nevertheless okay. 
“Rest easy. He´s okay!” I scream over to Danica to calm her down. To reassure her that nothing happened to her brother. But now…where´s the alien? He must be under this dead dragon´s carcass. The last I saw of him he destroyed the dragon´s heart. And it´s lying on its front side. How do I get him out of there, from under the beast? I don´t think this suit of armor is capable…of lifting this thing off the ground. I hear a thunderous roar as something´s happening to the creature´s dead skin. It´s opening itself. Something comes out covered in tissue and blood. It´s walking towards me. A monster, it´s some sort of beast. It´s wiping itself…it´s Uriel. He´s not dead. What a relief. But he sure smells…well…horrible. 
“We´ve defeated the dragon,” he says.
“I´m just glad…to see you…alive,” I tell him. 
“We´ve got to find a way out of here,” he says.
“I know a way,” a voice says. It´s Finley. He could´ve escaped a while back but he didn´t. Is he trustworthy? Or will he continue to do things for his father´s love and attention? “Follow me,” the bully adds.
“Where are you…taking us exactly?” I ask. 
“I´m not going anywhere with you,” Danica angrily says. 
“I think he´s our only ticket out of here. Everywhere else is sealed. Everything got caved in when the dragon fell and toppled everything. The way we came in is gone…sealed,” Dante says.
We have no choice, we´re in the bully hands for now. Even if he leads us into a trap, which I´m hoping not. 
“We can get out of here in one of the subs I got here with,” Finley says.
“How do we know your dad didn´t take them all?” Dante says.
“Dead bodies…a lot of dead bodies, how do you think they got here?” the bully responds as he points to some of the dead mercenaries on the ground. “We came together.”
He walks away and I´m sure we should follow. And as we walk after him, I´m reminded that this place, the place we´re in is now more like a mortuary. Its trapped secrets will remain…sealed. Here underneath the ice. Some of the holographic screens still work as they have white fuzz. Wish I would´ve had the time to watch the tube. It would´ve been real interesting to watch what happened, what brought the historical figures down here in the first place. 
Finley walks right under the dome where the dragons were released. He pauses and marvels. I didn´t know he was an art connoisseur. He looks at me.
“You know how that got here?” Finley asks.
“Not a darned clue,” I respond. 
“It´s an original piece,” he adds.
Is he telling me the truth or is what he´s saying…just a lie? 
“It can´t be,” I tell him.
“It sure is,” he responds. “My dad told me all about it, how Android 66 gave Michelangelo the power of sight. He gave him the power to see into the past, as a matter of fact, he was able to go back to the beginnings when the actual separation took place. He painted the very image of two of the Creator´s engineers as they orchestrated the event.”
I can´t believe. Maybe I just don´t want to. I´m astonished at how the android has made himself part of my planet´s history. He´s like a filmmaker, a twisted fiend who´s managed to make his own distorted documentary at our expense. We´ve been living a reality television show where he and his demented friends have called the shots time and time again. I am really disturbed, more so than before. I look up at the image again and realize he´s telling the truth. I look at the surrounding artifacts and understand there is a truth to all of this. This all didn´t just happen by accident. They are all down here for a reason. 
“Okay, so where are they, the subs you were talking about?” Dante asks as he´s impatient. 
He´s ready to leave and I think we all are. But I wonder what´s going on topside? Has the carnage begun already?
Finley´s led us even deeper into the Earth. I didn´t think we could go any further into the ground. And everywhere I look there are more reminders of our past. We have a deeper past than I thought. I´ve never even heard of these people. I don´t even recognize their languages. These humans don´t really even look like us. I mean, that is, if they´re human at all. 
“We´re almost there,” Finley says as he guides us through corridor after corridor. There´re AC vents dangling from the walls and very little light.  The crimson android must´ve been working with our governments for a very long time to destabilize us as a people, as a society. This must´ve been going on for quite some time. And now I know…our history books…are tainted. They´re of no use in this underground world. They´re of no use to me either. I don´t know what to believe in anymore. 
Finley sticks his tongue out at a camera and then the door in front of us slides open. It must have a motion sensor or scanner of some kind. There are holographic screens above the pretty good sized pool of water. And there they are, just as Finley said, our escape. Our ticket out of here. There´re two submarines and I can´t say what type they are but they surely look high-tech. Everything Yusep builds seems to be state-of-the-art technology. I know I shouldn´t think this, but I hate Finley´s father more and more with each passing day. In fact, I don´t hate him, I despise him. 
Dante comes over to me and asks, “Do you think we can trust him?”
The screens come on again. And it´s Yusep himself. 
“Naughty, naughty! Finley, you´ve been a bad, bad boy,” he says as laughter prevails shortly afterwards. 
His father seems to be taunting him. Finley looks like he´s under a lot of stress. 
“We´ve got nothing to lose,” I say as I answer Dante´s question. 
Finley puts his head down in shame. 
“I hate you. I hate you, dad,” he says.
“Can someone please bring those screens down. Turn off the signal, anything,” he says as he puts his hands over his ears. Damn, that hurts. It even hurts me to watch. Dante takes his heavy weapon and fires away until they´re all gone. Until his father´s voice is no more. I didn´t know Finley had to go through…all this pain. He´s clearly unwanted at home. 
“Let´s go,” I tell Finley as I grab him by the arm. What he needs right now is a friend but I´m not sure I can be that person. He´s put me through a lot of grief throughout the years. I know, I know already. I´ve got to forgive and I´m sure I will, with time. 
We enter the sub and I do have to admit, it´s one piece of sophisticated machinery. And it´s very luxurious for being such a small vessel. Reminds me a lot of the type of machine that a secret agent or some spy would use. As a matter of fact, its outer shape and form reminds me a lot of, or at least I think by what I read, of Jules Verne´s Nautilus. 
Uriel´s the last one to hop inside as the hatch above us closes automatically. All the controls are digitized, even my little sister could pilot this thing, that´s how sophisticated this thing is. Finley mans the controls and Dante, Danica and I kick back and relax. Uriel looks at everything like a good alien would, with intrigue. 
This is so cool, first I´m on a spaceship and now I´m on a submarine. What else could I ask for? Two alien worlds, space and the sea. 
The sub goes under and then zips its way through an underground channel. It´s got bright lights everywhere. It´s gotta be freezing out there. 
“So when do we catch some more of those dragons?” Danica asks. 
“I don´t think it´s going to be that easy, them flying and all,” Dante responds.
“We beat one down back there, didn´t we?” she responds.
“That we did,” he agrees.
“Well then…we can do it again,” she says. “It´ll be a piece of cake.”
Okay, I´m just going to let her talk. If she thinks we can, then who am I to tell her differently? After all, she´s trying to comfort us with her moral support. Or at least, I hope she is. She doesn´t really think…it´s that easy? 
“So, where are they?” she asks. 
“The dragons? Well, let me see. There were about a few hundred…which means…they´re everywhere,” Dante responds. “I mean…all over the world.”
Danica hits me in the bicep really hard.
“Okay now. What did I do this time?” I ask her.
She looks at her brother, “Tell him something.”
“Tell him what?” I ask.
“Tell him to stop bothering me,” she says. “Or I´m going to punch him in the face.”
What is wrong with them? Do they always act like this? I don´t remember them doing this, at least not in front of me. This is new. It has to be. 
“Dante´s right. I´m afraid the dragons are everywhere,” Uriel says. “And this is only…phase one.”
“Phase one? What do you mean by phase one?” Dante asks.
“My friend, it means…there´s more to come. Much more,” the alien responds.
“I think  we should get back to DC then,” Dante says. “I´m going to fight those dragons till the bitter end.”
Danica starts to laugh. Whenever Dante gets serious, she laughs. I don´t know why. Maybe she´s nervous or something. Or maybe she isn´t. I don´t know anymore. 
“Yeah, you and what army? The Prosecutors? A pack of forty something year olds?” she says sarcastically. 
“If that´s what it takes, then so be it,” he responds.
Uriel interrupts the conversation. “They´re here. My friends are here. They need our help.”
Well, I´m glad they´re here. We´re going to need an army to contain those flying behemoths. Wait a second. Did he just say our help? What does he mean by that? All of us? I think I´ll ask when the time comes.
“How fast can this thing go?” I ask Finley.
Finley looks back at me and gives me a wide, devilish smile. 
“How fast do you want it to go? Remember, my dad built this thing. He builds things for the military. This thing´s really…really fast,” he responds. 
“Then go as fast as you can,” Danica screams as she points forward. “Wait a minute, what´s that?” she says softly. 
Yeah, what is that? A sea creature? It´s huge and has strange looking gills. It looks like a giant eel. 
“We´ve gotta stay clear of those things. Their electric shocks are monumental,” Finley says as he maneuvers us away from the sea creature. “There´re all types of creatures down here. The South Pole´s full of surprises. 
And yeah. He´s right, historical artifacts included. Surprises, a whole lot of surprises. Another disturbing fact he and his dad have been coming down here for quite some time. He´s known about this place, the artifacts, underground base, historical figures, everything! In some seconds after seeing other strange underneath animals, we´re up on the surface. What a cool ride! This thing is awesome…and it´s made…on Earth! It´s ridiculously…amazing!
We float on the water as we observe and feel the gentle waves. Down here in the South Pole, it´s desolate, alone. There´s not much to look at.  
“Time for takeoff,” Finley says as a voice comes on initiating a countdown. This thing can fly too? Now this is…something else! I´d like one of these for sure now! No doubt about it. Some mini windows open on the sides of the craft. I look outside and there are wings on the sides. We´re really going to fly! 
The engines rev up higher and higher as we skip through the water. I wonder what type of engine this thing has. I don´t even think the military has this type of vessel. It´s specially designed for Yusep and his band of bad guys. It´s a great get-away tool. From the oceans to the sky, it can practically do anything. Finley´s dad saves the best toys for himself. 
We´re airborne and on our way to Washington, DC. We´re not going there, but it´s close, very close. I wonder what the Prosecutors are doing. Are those old men preparing for the apocalypse? They probably are. I can see them now as I imagine them slaying one of those beasts. I can see them dressed as knights of some secret code or order. For being so old, they´re really cool guys. 
I look over at Finley as he pilots the craft and he looks angry, at his dad, I suppose. I mean, I can´t imagine my dad doing that to me, leaving me all alone, in the middle of nowhere. I mean, if he even left me in a mall, he´s probably get his butt kicked by mom and that´s some serious stuff. Family ties are forever. The bond is never to be broken. 
We´re in the sky and we´re nearing DC as we can see the monuments from a distance. Too bad this is going to end soon, or at least, I hope not. A brink burst of air almost wipes out the flying vehicle we´re in. we´ve got a lot of turbulence and I´m glad Finley knows how to fly this thing. I almost nearly barfed thinking we were all going to die already. And there it is, on our right side. 
“Those things are fast,” Danica says.
We´re all in awe as one of those gigantic creatures zooms by at a very high speed. 
“Yep, we´re toast alright,” Dante says as his jaw almost drops to the floor. The dragon is a magnificent and beautiful beast. Too bad their only objective is to destroy and create havoc. Well, I can breathe a sigh of relief. We have something to look forward to. Uriel´s friends are here, the Arcs. And does it mean we´re going to win this thing, this battle of ours? 
I look at the magnificent dragon in front of us as it glides in front of the ship. Wish it was on our side. Wish they were the good guys. 
There are hundreds of them, all over the world. The beast sways from side to side gracefully and with great majesty even though, I know their true nature, pure evil. How can we possibly win…against…those giant…creatures? There are so many. 
“Hey, look guys…an interstate. I´m going to land it there,” Finley says as the landing gear comes down. We experience another burst of turbulence as we´re coming down. This is a lot of fun, I think, as we´re nearing the ground. We strap ourselves in as the ship rocks violently. There are cars down there but I think they´re abandoned. They´re not moving and we´re moving really fast. And then, just like that, we land safely on the pavement as we avoid the few cars on the highway. 
“That was…wicked,” Danica says as she holds up her hands in excitement. 
This isn´t a rollercoaster ride. It´s an air vehicle, actually, I don´t know what it is. I forgot this thing started out as a submarine. Wow!
“Yeah, I know,” Finley responds.
Danica smacks him over the head and points at him. She looks like she´s daring him to retaliate. 
“I wasn´t talking to you,” she says.
“Alright, alright! I´m sorry,” Finley responds. “It won´t happen again.”
Dante grabs the steering wheel and says, “I´m driving.”
“You don´t know…how,” Finley responds. 
“I´ll learn,” Dante says as he takes him out of his chair. 
This ship turns into an FAUV, a full assault utility vehicle. I just made up the name but I think it´s a good representation of the amphibious vessel. It´s got weapons everywhere. We´re in like…a moveable mini-fortress. 
“I love this ride,” Dante says. 
I guess he got the hang of it already. I look over at Danica and then at Finley and a couple of days ago, I really thought she might be into him. Thank goodness I was wrong. She can´t even stand the sight of him. 
Now that was easy. We´re here already, Cagney´s house. Feels like my home away from home. Cagney´s become like an older brother, almost like a mentor even. In fact, they all have. The Prosecutors are pretty cool. Can´t believe I just thought that.
“We´re here,” Dante says as we exit the strange but incredible machine. I look over at Finley and realize, he´s not tied up, he´s not our prisoner, so then, what is he? Can I see myself being his friend in the future? I´m not sure. I still resent him a little for the things he´s done. Even if it is due to his family upbringing.
The Prosecutors quickly come outside as they bunch together. They look like soldiers as they keep watch. They look up to the skies from time to time. I guess they know, everyone probably knows by now. It´s probably on every news station in the world. The images must be fierce. The old guys have got cartridges of ammunition wrapped around their camouflaged clothing. They look or take their roles in this war very seriously. 
Mario´s the first one to greet us and I´m not sure that he´s not a cross between a man and a bear. Every time he gives me a hug it feels like he´s trying to suffocate me. I know he´s not trying to do any harm by it but he´s a strong, very strong guy. 
“They´re back,” he says with a smile on his face. 
“We thought we´d never see you again,” George adds as he welcomes us.
Frank gets up next to Finley and eyeballs him from head to toe. I can tell by the look on Finley´s face, he´s uncomfortable. 
“Who´s this muscle head?” Franks asks in an intimidating manner. 
“Yusep´s kid,” Dante answers. 
“Oh, I know him, Finley Andreiv, yes, why of course I know him,” Frank says. He looks him right in the face and gives him the meanest stare ever. “You probably don´t remember me but I know you,” Frank adds. “I thought it was you.”
“Do I know you?” Finley responds.
“Of course you do. I like that Ferrari your dad got for you,” the Prosecutor continues. 
“Thanks,” the bully responds with a smile on his face. 
“You don´t remember me. You truly don´t remember me, do you?” Franks says a he looks him right in the eye. “You go driving that thing in my neighborhood. Let me think…the last time…at 140 miles per hour?”
“I…I don´t remember that. Honest,” my adversary says.
“Well, you´d better. And remember it well. My kids play in our neighborhood. T´s as much their home as anyone else´s,” Frank says. “I should beat you down.”
The Prosecutor tries to change the subject by smiling but I know deep down inside, he wants to pulverize the bully. There´s something he´s not telling us. Something must´ve happened between the two. Finley must´ve cause something real bad to happen. Or maybe it has something to do with his dad? 
“It´s all over the news. The dragons have begun their carnage. I´m afraid, this is it. This is the end of days,” Miguel says.
“We did what we could. There were just too many of them,” Dante says. “Mercenaries and dragons combined.”
“Guys, don´t forget…we killed one of those beautiful creatures,” Danica says.
“Beautiful?” I ask. I wonder where her head is at times.
“You did?” George responds.
“That means…we´ve got a shot,” Mario adds. “There´s a way to bring them down.” 
Yeah, with what army? I see an alien, my two best friends and six old guys. Yeah, like we stand a chance. Those things are everywhere. They fly and shoot fire from their mouths. We might want to toss in the towel right about now. 
“Have the armed forces gotten involved?” Dante asks. 
“Sure have. With all they´ve got too. Tanks, planes, helicopters, you name it. We´re in the middle of a full-scale war,” Tristan responds. 
“Alright then. What are we waiting for? Let´s do some damage,” Dante says. 
Frank walks away with a cigar in his hand. He takes a puff and then walks right into Cagney´s backyard. Some minutes later, a Sherman tank pops out. Who are these guys again? They´ve got a tank too? This is incredible. Where´d they get that thing? This is totally insane! This is…awesome! Frank´s head pops out as he´s wearing a military helmet and some Ray-Bans.
“Let´s rock,” he says.
“Come on guys. Let me show you something,” George says as he takes us inside his home and walks us down to his basement. It´s like an underground bunker. He´s got boxes of canned food. He´s got water and a lot of other stuff to survive on. I guess he´s a survivalist or something along those lines. Guess he knew this was going to happen…someday. Guess we all knew. It was only a matter of time. But I didn´t think it would end like this. A renegade android, his half-sister, a billionaire playboy and dragons? Who would´ve ever thought? 
He takes us to a closet, opens the padlock and slides it open. It´s an arsenal. There are enough weapons and explosives to blow up an entire city. Everything´s nice and tidy as well. He´s got so many weapons, it´s hard for me to choose one. 
I look over at Dante and Danica and it´s as if they´re in a candy store. They didn´t even ask. Looks like they´re pillaging through the armory. Danica can hardly carry some of the weapons, they´re so heavy. But, I´m sure that´s exactly what she wants. The biggest gun she can find. And yes, I was right. She chose a bazooka, twice her size. 
“Danica, you´re not really thinking…?” I ask her as the thought of her carrying that thing is incredible. She´s going to hurt herself even before the battle begins. 
“Look, you´re not the boss of me. Do I make myself clear?” she says as she gets up close and personal and in my face. 
“Okay, okay! Take whatever you want. Just don´t say I didn´t warn you,” I respond. 
Dante looks over at her and sees the weapon she´s chosen. “I need that bazooka. In fact, I want that thing. Where´d you get it,” he says.
“I found it over there,” she says as she points to the other side of the very large closet. 
He looks over that way and she makes a run for it but with two of them. One in each hand. 
“Hey, there aren´t any left,” Dante says as he looks through the armory making a mess of things. 
“Too bad. These two are mine,” she says as she runs up the stairs the best she can. 
“Well…then…give me one,” he insists.
“I don´t think so,” I hear from topside. 
I look at the guns, different designs, different makers and different sizes. I don´t think I´m going to need one. I go to a nearby mirror and look at the different parts of my armor and wonder, what else can this thing do? It´s probably capable of anything. I´m beginning to feel like I´m part of it. It´s almost…like a drug. My attitude´s completely changed because of it. I have more confidence with it on. But I can get out of control easily as well. Wonder when I´ll get the training manual for this thing? I mean, I really like it. I wonder now, can I keep it? 
The Prosecutors stock up with a bunch of weapons. They load each one and take extra ammo and grenades as well. Most of them are big guns but the difference between them and Dante and Danica, they know how to use them. 
We go outside and stockpile the tank. I look up and realize it´s getting dark. I think it´s going to rain as well. There´s a huge cloud over us. The winds pick up and then I look up again and see an immense shadowy figure above us. I look around and see that everyone is as stunned as I am. The cigar Carlos is smoking almost falls out of his mouth. Then Tristan and Mario´s as well. It´s unbelievable, its size as it passes just above our heads. It just glides right over us with smoke coming out of its nostrils. 
“It´s beautiful,” Danica says. 
“Would you stop saying that? That thing and the rest of them are about to destroy the world and you think…they´re beautiful?” I ask her.
“Oh…oh…you´re right. It´s…wonderful,” she responds. 
Forget it. I´m not even going to try anymore. She´s crazy. There´s nothing I can do for her. 
“How´re we supposed to fight that thing?” Mario asks.
“With this,” Danica says as she has a tough time holding one of her bazookas up to the sky. 
“No, not yet. Not yet!” I say as I try to stop her. 
And just like that, she aims and fires. Boom! She gets thrown to the concrete from the weapon´s kickback. 
“Wow! That was…awesome!” she says from the floor and a giant smile on her face. 
It´s too late, the bazooka blast is in the air. It´s not a straight trajectory but it´s heading straight for it, the fire-breathing dragon. She hits it and I think she´s wounded it. The dragon sounds like it´s in great pain as it moans. 
Danica gets up and jumps for joy. “I did it. I did it,” she says. “I can´t believe it. I did it.” 
The dragon floats off as none of us know where it went off to. 
“Where´d it go?” Dante asks. Very good question.
“Probably to die somewhere. It looked like it was injured,” Cagney says.
“I think you did it little girl,” the giant Miguel tells Danica. 
“Who you calling little girl?” she responds like a fire-cracker. “I´m fifteen. Fifteen and a half to be exact.” 
She starts dancing around in jubilation. “Yeah, I did it. I did it,” she says.
I see her look up to the sky as her eyes open bigger than I´ve ever seen before. She´s lost her smile. She looks surprised but in a bad way. She points to the sky and the words don´t come out of her mouth. She looks at me and she points behind me. She wants me to look at something. I think I know what she wants me to look at. Oh goodness, I´m afraid to look up. I´m afraid to see what I might find, but I do anyway.
“It´s coming. It´s coming right at us!” Mario says. “Everyone, get down!”
She hit it. Danica got it alright but I think she made the beast angry, that´s all. It´s charging at us with an unparalleled fury. Everyone runs for cover as it comes at us. Frank stays put in the tank as he waits for it to get closer. He looks very concentrated as he sits there at the controls and smokes his cigar. He looks calm and relaxed. The dragon gets closer and Franks suddenly pulls the trigger as the cannon shoots the dragon right in the face. It´s pushed back by the impact and ten everyone fires at the creature. It´s insane how much ammunition is used. It again seems to disappear as there´s smoke everywhere. I can´t see a thing. 
“Where´d it go?” I shout
No one responds. I can´t see anyone either. The first person I detect is Danica as I can hear her cough uncontrollably. 
“You okay?” I ask her. 
“Yeah, question is, are you?” she responds. 
There she goes again, trying to be a smart ass. She´s the one that fired on that thing, not me. She´s the one that started this mess in the first place. I don´t think she should blame me for her coughing or for her feeling bad with all this smoke. 
“Enoch, there´s something I´ve got to tell you,” she says.
Okay, what´s she going to tell me now? That I´m a wuss? I´m pathetic? That I´m a sorry excuse for a warrior? I mean, what does she possibly want to…tell me? I think I´ve had it with her insults already. Enough is enough. 
“What, spill it out? Come on, I don´t got all day,” I tell her. 
She takes one hard look at me and then, out of nowhere, she runs.
What did I do? Okay, now I´m ugly too. She was going to tell me I was ugly or some nonsense like that, I´m sure. Danica please. We´re not in elementary school anymore, get serious. Grow up already. 
I feel something breathing behind me. Oh, oh! I think I know what she was going to tell me. Should I look behind me? I wonder. I think I´ll have a peek, just a small peek. I turn my head and instantly look up at its yellowish evil eyes. It´s going to eat me alive, I´m sure. What do I do now? Do I run? No, I don´t think so. I don´t want to make any sudden moves. Wouldn´t want it to burn me to a crisp. 
I walk backwards and away from the dragon and as I do, Uriel comes flying out of nowhere. He jumps on the dragon as it flies off. I see the alien take out his sword as it flies off. I hear the dragon´s roar as it´s in the sky. This is crazy. Now what am I supposed to do? Follow it? As a matter of fact, I think I will. And it´s almost instant as I follow the dragon with my metallic dragonfly wings. I´m like a superhero. All I did was think it and they came out. I love it, the way this thing flies. I head in the same direction it took off in. I´m going to help bring that magnificent yet dangerous creature down. I´m going to help Uriel as best as I can. 
I see it ahead of me and it´s fast, very fast and big. I want to catch up but the wind it´s generating from its gigantic wings is haltering my speed. I´m closer as I can see Uriel moving all along the dragon. He´s probably fighting to stay on that thing. He´s still got his fire-sword with him and that´s a very good thing. I see him as he punctures tiny holes in different areas of the beast. 
“I´m here!” I scream.
The alien looks back and almost falls off. I cover my eyes. I don´t want him to die on me, especially on my account. That was silly of me. I want this armor to…take me faster. Something happens to me that I begin to travel even faster. It´s almost as if this thing has nitrous oxide or something. I´m going really fast. So fast, I can´t even really control it. It´s as if it´s flying on its own. I get right next to him. 
“Grab my hand,” I tell the alien. 
“No, I´m not finished,” Uriel responds. 
He continues his climb of the demonic creature. It´s trying its hardest to swat him off of its skin. Okay, now what am I supposed to do? I know what I´ve gotta do. I´ve gotta be careful. The giant beast almost hit me with its huge claw. I think this thing, this armor I´ve got on, is on auto-pilot or my brain´s thinking a lot faster. I would´ve never dodged its hand had I not had it on. 
Again, where can I get one of these suits? I want one of my very own. I hope it´s mine to keep but I doubt that very much. I look up and there he is…acrobatic Uriel. He´s at its neck. He tumbles down and inserts his fire-sword into the dragon´s heart. It´s horrible the way it moans. The sound is deafening. It´s dying and Uriel´s falling and falling fast. Why isn´t he doing anything? 
“Uriel!” I scream. 
I think he´s unconscious and that´s not good. That´s not good at all. I´ve got to do something. Or it all ends right here. Without him, it´s over, completely. 
I begin to descend after my alien friend. The only thing I think I feel like or that I can describe is, I´m like a bullet. I´m going so fast I think I´m going to barf. My face feels like it´s contorted and out of shape. But I don´t care, I´m not going to fail my alien friend. We´re very close to the ground and I don´t have much time. I catch him but I realize he´s very heavy, his body´s pushing me down with him. I need to muster up…the strength…to pull us…upwards. Come on. I…can…do…this. And in that instance, I feel something going on behind me. Something else is pushing me up. I feel heavier but I´ve got more power. I can feel it in my bloodstream. I am able to push myself and his body upwards with no problem. 
Kaboom! The dragon´s plummeted to the floor. The blast is very strong as t´s made a rather large indentation on the ground as well. Uriel´s unconscious but at least now I can bring him down softly without him getting hurt. I bring him over to where Dante, Danica and the Prosecutors are. 
“That was spectacular,” Danica says as I put my alien friend on the ground. 
“What was?” I ask. “He nearly got killed.”
“No, I mean the way your wing-span changed. One minute they looked like dragonfly wings and then…you looked like…an angel,” she responds. 
“An angel? How´d that happen?” I ask.
“I don´t know. You tell me,” she says.
Uriel is conscious but still a little dazed. He slew that dragon, all by himself. Awesome! Now, that…was my first official save, according to me. I saved the alien from falling to his death. 
“Two down, hundreds to go,” Danica says as she hugs me. 
I look over at her brother and hope he doesn´t think anything bad. Everyone´s in good spirits. Carlos and Frank pull out a twelve-pack of beer and chug away as the others follow. 
“Hey kid. Want one?” Tristan says.
“No thanks. I´m not old enough,” I respond. 
“You can´t celebrate anything, can you?” Danica tells me. 
“No, not when there are hundreds of those things out there,” I respond. 
“You just saved someone´s life…an alien´s life,” she says. “Who does that?” 
“I don´t know. Anyone could’ve done that,” I respond. 
I´ve got a bad feeling. Something´s not right or…I´m paranoid. I think everything´s got me crazy. Or maybe it´s this suit I´m wearing. I´ll have to give it back soon but maybe I don´t want to. Maybe I want to enjoy it for the rest of my life. The way it gives me an extra push in my life. The way it gives me the confidence I never had. 
“Finley´s gone,” Dante says. 
“Where´d he go? He was here just a minute ago,” I respond. 
I think I know where he went but I don´t want to assume. His father probably plucked him from right under us. I just wish him the best even though I shouldn´t. I just never saw him like that. He was really bummed about his dad and all. I hope he can solve his issues with his dad. And I truly hope he changes someday. From what I saw, he wasn´t such a bad guy after all. He just had problems of his own, at home. 
There´s another roar coming from the sky. Not another one of those things. It can´t be! So soon! It´s up but in the distance. I guess we´ve got better things to worry about than my arch-rival. We´ve got to make our way to the creature. Looks like it´s close and how close exactly? It´s probably somewhere over DC. 
Jet planes and helicopters fly overhead. They give us a glimpse of optimism. I mean, we brought two of those angry monsters down by ourselves…with an alien…and his fire-sword. Okay, so we cheated a bit. But we did it. I have confidence that our armed forces can do something, anything. 
We´re walking along the Sherman tank as we don´t all fit inside. We´ve got our guns drawn and ready for whatever comes our way. There´s a light mist at our feet. It´s like a mystical fog covering where we step. 
“It´s called the Dragon´s Breath and it means they´re here. It´s almost like a warning call. They use it to mark their territory,” Uriel says as he´s still weakened by his last encounter with one of those fire-breathing beasts. 
I run my fingers through it to feel what it´s like. It´s cloudy and, yes, it feels and even smells like something´s breathing just above the surface. Creepy!
We hear gunfire and bombs exploding as we are closer to the capital city. DC sounds like it´s being plundered. I wonder who´s winning and I hope it´s us. 
We finally get to the most powerful city in the world and find…a lot of smoke. There´re downed helicopters and aircraft everywhere. A lot of wounded and even charred soldiers. Yep, it was here alright. It´s probably still here and if it is, where´s it hiding? 
There are abandoned and even burned cars. Some of the buildings are badly damaged. This place is a disaster. Where´re our armed forces? Where´s that dragon? I look cautiously ahead of me and up towards the tops of the buildings. 
“When this is all over we´re going to have to pimp this city,” Danica says.
I look at her like everyone else does. There´s a look of confusion on everyone´s faces. She looks back at all of us.
“Well, someone´s going to have to. This place is a total mess,” she adds. “And plus, I didn´t know what else to say. Guess I wanted to ease the tension. Sorry!”
And that she did. And in that instance, the dragon appears. It´s as if it was waiting for us all this time. But this one, it´s different. It´s as if it´s got us under its spell. I can´t stop looking at it. None of us can. It´s as if it´s luring us in to trap us and kill us, maybe even, eat us. I´ve lost my proper will. I can´t stop moving forwards as its eyes have me and the others under its spell. 
And then I hear a voice. “Gabriel,” it says. “We´ve no time. We need the Guardians.”
I recognize it well. It´s Uriel and he´s reaching out to one of his own kind. I look over at him and his reddish-brown hair moves from side to side because the wind has picked up quite a bit. His emerald green eyes are in a rage. 
We continue our strange and torturous walk towards the dragon as there´s nothing else we can do. It´s definitely in control of us, our movements. Help us! Someone please help us! 
We´ve gotten so close to the dragon that it looks like I´m looking up at the Empire State Building from its surrounding sidewalk. 
Who or what are the Guardians? Are they monsters as well? Are they strange looking beasts or something in that vicinity? It looks like we´re going to be devoured by the dragon just above us. 
And now I´m hearing things. Sounds like footsteps. A bunch of them. I wonder who they are. Did the military come to save us? Or did scores of people just come out of their homes to try and save us? I want to tell them to go back into their homes. There´s nothing they can do. They have no…
“The Guardians…are here,” Uriel says. 
We´re free from the dragon´s control at last. Thought we were going to be eaten alive.
“Everyone, run for cover,” Mario says as it seems that not so long ago he said the same thing. 
We run to anywhere we can hide. Great, the Guardians are here. I´ve got to see what they look like. There are scores of children, young adults and very few adults. The Guardians…are people! They are walking in multitudes. Most of them wearing overcoats. And they look like…rejects! This is not what I was expecting at all. People who are not compatible with most of society. At least that´s how I see them. They are people who no one wants to talk to in class. They´re the outcasts. They´re the people everyone forgot about. The people who try to fit in but don´t quite exactly know how. So these are the Guardians Uriel was talking about. And really, they´re no different from anyone, I think as they march towards the dragon. They make weapons from whatever they can find. They bend and twist metal into home-made armaments. They use automotive parts, tearing them out of the ravaged cars on the street. They look determined to take the monster down. At least, I hope they can. We may stand a chance as there are hundreds of them. And in an instance, I see some familiar faces. I watch as Winston McAfee and Manuel Fahrenheit look over at me and smile. I look back at them and nod. It´s a salute of gratification, appreciation even. They were the kids no one, absolutely no one, ever talked to. Everyone thought they were the ones with the biggest problems, but no, all this time, they were Guardians. They were chosen to defend our planet, our world from the greatest evil anyone would ever face. 
“Thank you,” I whisper hoping they´ll somehow hear me. And I somehow think they do. 
“Hey, weren´t they…?” Danica asks. 
“Yes, that was them alright,” I answer. 
They are an impressive army. Probably the most extraordinary our world´s ever seen or witnessed. 
“They´re Guardians now,” I add. 
And I´ll never forget the looks on their faces. Within seconds they clash with the deadly and mysterious beast. So are so fast that they manage to climb the dragon´s limbs with ease. It looks like, they too, puncture holes in the demonic creature. Whatever they´re doing, they´ve managed to bother and anger the being so much so that it picks some of them off its skin and hurls them to the cement below. And some just fall off from the dragon´s harsh movements. Looks like they´re doing some physical harm to the creature as they work in unison. These…Guardians are true warriors. They are sacrificing their lives for the greater good, humanity. Their risking their souls, their lives…for us. There are many casualties as some of the young soldiers take their final breaths of air. As their bodies lay on the ground, a trail of light-gray smoke and dust reach up and out of their bodies. I am witnessing a fantastic and extraordinary battle. One I´ll never forget. The dragon looks beaten and tired. I don´t think it can take much more abuse. 
It´s trying everything in its power to repel and keep the Guardians off its limbs. The deadly beast is finally done as it crashes onto the floor and the very few remaining Guardians who survive run, they scatter in different directions. Just like that, they vanish. And the dragon´s down, dead and lifeless. 
“They did it. They slayed the monster,” Dante says in jubilation. 
Everyone´s ecstatic, three down and who knows how many to go. Danica walks alongside the devastated area as she looks at the dead bodies on the ground. Most of them, young children. They gave themselves for…us. Everyone pauses as there´s total silence. 
“Wish I had something to cover them up with,” Carlos says as he lights up a stogie.
He kneels down and folds his head forward. Everyone else follows his action as we pay our final respects to the hundreds of fallen heroes. 
“I wonder what the rest of the world looks like right around now,” Dante says as there´s a somber mood. “Wonder if everyone else had the same luck with all of the other beasts.”
“I say let´s look for more monsters then,” Miguel says. 
“Tell you what. I´ve got a better idea. Let´s get back and check the tube. I have a feeling there´re more Guardians than we think,” Cagney says. 
And I´m almost certain the only thing he really wants is to see his wife, Katherine. We huddle around the Sherman tank and walk alongside side it. And we head back home, Cagney´s place. And that´s about the safest place we can be right now. We can check the tube and see what else´s going on. I look back at the dead dragon as its carcass begins to slowly fade away. Then I look over at Uriel as he looks back at me. He doesn´t say a word. He doesn´t have to. The look on his face says everything. When will we finally meet up with his friends, the other Arcs? Where do we go from here? What are his future plans? That thing back there nearly destroyed an entire city. What´s to say it hasn´t happened elsewhere?   
Chapter 12
We´re back at Cagney´s house. It feels so soft and serene. I think it´s more beautiful now than when I first saw it. It´s even cozier. Katherine pops out of the house and runs towards George. She can´t keep her hands to herself. It´s as if she hasn´t seen her husband for years. 
“Honey, you made it back,” she tells her husband. 
“And you knew I would be,” Cagney responds. 
“A little cheesy, don´t you think? I mean, I like it. That´s what I want even if it is…cheesy,” Danica whispers. 
Her eyes and face so warm and…cuddly? What am I thinking? I´ve got to keep it together. She´s my friend. Just a friend. That´s all she´ll ever be to me. And in the end, I honestly don´t know what I want from her. I don´t know what I want her to be…in my life. I just know that if I don´t have her in my life, in some shape or form, I´m not going to be happy. 
“So…that´s what you want,” I say.
“Yep, I don´t care. Call me soft,” she responds. 
“You´re not soft. I think I kind of want that too,” I say. 
I think that´s what I´ve wanted all of my life. Someone I can hold. Someone I can talk to. Someone…like Danica! I want something that´ll last forever. Why can´t I keep my her out of my head? Why is it that the only image I have of the future is…well…with her? Maybe I just want a relationship. Maybe I don´t want to be alone anymore. Maybe I just want someone in my life. Her! But I can´t kid myself much longer. I mean, how many boyfriends has she had? She´s been the most popular girl…I´ve ever known. I´m not in her league. I´ve never even had a girlfriend before. I´ve never had the opportunity for a first kiss either. I´ve had crushes on girls before but nothing serious. Guess it´s because I´ve always hung out with…her, I suppose. Taking care of her. Making sure she doesn´t date the wrong guy. Maybe Dante´s not the overprotective guy, maybe I am. 
We´re in Cagney´s place having a bite to eat. 
“Guys, you´re not going to believe this! Come quick!” Tristan yells as we follow him to the television set. 
We all gather around. And the world looks…like it´s been turned upside down. Every city the reporter flashes to is ravaged. There´s black smoke everywhere. The images are clear. There´s death on the streets. It´s even sick to watch. Everywhere, dead bodies, military aircraft on the ground, crushed and torn to pieces by the slain beasts. And there are…the many dragons…defeated. Defeated by the Guardians, I suppose. They´re silent pictures as I can´t make out what the news anchors are saying. I´m too fixed on the images of the carnage. 
Will Earth even get over…this madness? It´s just too much to watch. This isn´t a terrorist attack, this is more like a deadly surge from above. This is about some crazed lunatic from up in the stars somewhere, trying to take and pillage a land that is rightfully…ours. He´s not even human or like Uriel, I think. He´s an android, someone or thing created him. And created him for what purpose? To kill and kill again. 
The news cuts to other images from time to time. The beautiful people who risked their lives for the sake of the world, the Guardians. They show us footage of the young people who fought the battle against the dragons, they were mostly kids. There´s even a television special dedicated solely to the fallen heroes. They call it Letters from the Sky! There´s a strange and eerie calm. A certain journalist, Silvia Garcia, who dramatizes the events that took place all around the world. And she does so, gracefully. 
“These are some of the faces that will live on in our world´s history. They took their lives…for us. They are the brave and courageous. They are heroes…and they shall always be cherished and celebrated. That is why…I would like to proclaim the planet, this world we live in, God´s Country. Because today…we worked together…for the same cause. We truly became…one nation under God,” she proudly says as her speech moves everyone in the room. She could have moved mountains if she wanted to.
I´m very grateful for what those people did for us. Most importantly, they brought us together. I get all choked up thinking about Winston McAfee and Manuel Fahrenheit. I try hard to keep my composure. I think about how they were treated and all that time…they were…Guardians. I still can´t believe it. From the looks of it, they could´ve done a lot of damage, maybe even killed a bully or two if they wanted to. But instead, they chose to remain outcasts. They chose not to do anything to their aggressors. They chose to wait to be called upon and I can´t thank them enough. 
I look over at Danica and she´s crying her heart out. She looks like a little baby. It´s kind of funny but I´m not going to let her know that. Her nose is stuffy from crying so much. 
“They were the kids that no one talked to,” she says. “And for what? Because they weren´t cool enough? Ridiculous!”
She´s right. Those poor unfortunate souls. I´m never going to look down on anyone ever again. And if I ever did, I´m eternally sorry for that. They were people…like us. Just like us! And I´m going to make sure that I listen to any kid that needs help. I´ll make sure they´re heard. I´ll make sure they realize that…yes…they´re wanted. 
“They must´ve suffered a great deal,” Danica adds. 
“Yep, I probably knew them better than anyone,” I whisper softly hoping none of people in the room hear me. 
And I did, I remember when Winston and Manuel got picked on. I remember the time Terrence Fisher, the star running back, knocked Winston to the floor during a pep rally. Knocked all of his books to the ground as well. And everyone watched and did nothing. No one was willing to help him up…but I did. I had to. It was the only right thing to do at the time. Terrence could have knocked me down as well but instead, he looked at me as if he was astonished by my action. No one had ever crossed him before. Everyone let him do as he pleased. But I couldn´t leave McAfee on the floor like that. I just couldn´t. I waited for the star running back to hit me…but he didn´t. he just walked away. And everyone else dispersed, scattered away into their own miserable and superficial worlds. I remember it very well. And Manuel, poor Manuel, got thrown into dumpster after dumpster on a daily basis. They called him stinky! And no one did anything to stop it. One could only imagine how it felt. I could only imagine it, no one to talk to, no one to even acknowledge at school. 
I look over at Uriel and realize something´s wrong. I can see it in his face. I don´t think it´s time for us to break out the champagne glasses yet. Something´s definitely not right. It was just too easy, the battle and all, I imagine. 
There´s a power outage and it´s throughout the neighborhood. The whole district probably. There´s a strange silence as we are all outside. 
“Could´ve been the power plant,” Dante says. 
“Or could´ve been no one paid their light bill,” Danica says. 
“I doubt that,” I respond. 
She looks over at me and says, “I was just joking.”
I look up at the sky and wonder what´s in store for us now? I mean, I know she was joking but something´s definitely happening. I just can´t seem to explain it. It´s like a gut feeling I have. I´ve got no time for fun and games, at least…not right now.
“That woman´s speech was…beautiful, wasn´t it?” Danica asks me. 
“It sure was,” I answer as I´m still looking up for any clues as to what might happen next. 
I think Danica´s trying to initiate some small talk. I think she´s scared, just like the rest of us. And she uses her jokes as a distraction. It´s like a way to hide her fear. The lights come back on and it eases the thick tension in the air. Everyone´s cheerful as the television comes back on. But there´s no signal from any channel. It´s all white fuzz. 
“Wonder what happened?” Dante asks. “There´s nothing on.”
Danica tries Cagney´s laptop and nothing either. The internet´s offline as well. There´s a transmission trying to come in but it´s too weak to make out. Sounds like someone´s trying to say something. Sounds like mumbling at first but then I realize, it sounds familiar. The voice, I´ve heard it before, even if it is faint. 
“Sounds like someone trying to say something. It´s a message of some sort,” Mario says as he gets closer to the television set. 
The image is clear as it scares all of us. This is…crazy. It´s Android 66 and he´s saying something as he adjusts something in front of hm. It´s probably his transponder. 
“I am here to take what is mine,” Android 66 says as the image fades on and off. 
Looks like the television station´s trying to regain control as it finally does. 
Silvia Garcia´s on the ground covering the events. She looks up as the cameraman follows her. 
“I´m under a strange aircraft. Seems to be not of this world. It´s a spectacular sight. It´s an immense and dark spaceship and there are strange markings underneath it,” she says. 
She´s reporting from New York City which makes it seem…even more interesting. The craft floats there just above all of the skyscrapers. This doesn´t look good…especially with all of our armed forces out of service and all. The dark and large hovering object is probably awaiting orders.
Silvia Garcia´s face comes back again as she´s got more news. She checks her earpiece. 
“It seems there are more of these…aircrafts,” she says as she points up. “They´ve been reported over Los Angeles, Paris, London, Dubai, Egypt and there are more coming…it appears.”
The spacecraft above her makes a strange and thunderous sound. Some people have gone to the streets to share the reporter´s experience, I assume. 
“This is crazy,” Danica says. “I can´t believe it. Where´d they come from?” 
The TV report goes from city to city as they´re everywhere but none of them are the same ship that I saw when we came back from Sirius. So what are those things? 
“They´re not our friends. That I know for sure,” Uriel says. 
Then what are they? If the android isn´t on any of those ships, what are they carrying? The dragons look like they´re all gone, slain by the Guardians. And now…we have to contend with another unexpected surprise? I hate surprises.
“Who exactly are they then?” I ask. 
“They´re the work of the evil android and the Sub-Division,” Uriel responds.
All I keep hearing about is more and more bad guys. When do I get to meet the Arcs? Uriel´s friends? 
The markings on the crafts have begun to glow in strange and attractive colors after hours of waiting for something to happen. 
“What´re they waiting for?” Danica asks.
“They´re waiting for the right moment to attack. This, my dear, is the second phase,” Uriel responds. 
She taps the alien on the bicep and asks, “How many phases are there exactly?” 
“As many as it takes to obliterate the world,” the traveler responds. 
“We´re probably in for a long night then. I surrender, I´m going to sleep,” Danica responds as she yawns.
I think she´s had enough for one day and so have the rest of us. There´s no sense in us all staying around the tube waiting for something to happen. 
“Okay guys, we´ll take turns securing the house,” Cagney tells everyone. “We wouldn´t want another incident to happen now, would we.” 
And here we go again. We take turns watching the tube to see of any new developments. And…we go back and forth…taking turns as we watch all sides of the house. Time quickly creeps up on me as it´s three in the morning. I´m freaking tired. I look over at the couch downstairs and Danica´s been asleep the whole time. And everyone´s fine with it. I think everyone is fine with it because they don´t want to get punched out. 
“You´re such a jerk,” I hear her say. 
Okay, is she awake or is she sleeping? Or is she playing a practical joke on me? I just never know with her.
“Why did you call me that?” I ask. 
She starts crying for no reason. 
“Why did you make me…cry?” she says. 
“That wasn´t my intention,” I respond as I come closer. 
“You´re right. It wasn´t your invention. It was mine,” she responds.
“Invention?” I ask. “I said…intention.” 
“Oh, you´re right,” she says as I hear very light humming sound. She´s conked out. And I thought she might be awake. It´s time for me to get away now. She´s sleeping and I feel, in her state, she´s dangerous for sure. 
I go to sleep on the other couch. I´m tired. I´m very tired. It´s time for me to catch some sleep. And I do so almost immediately. I completely forget about everything. And I mean…everything.
I´m floating, leaving my body. I can see myself, my body´s just there, below me. Where am I going? I think. I assume my body and mind are not connected. I continue to go up, through the ceiling and out of George´s mansion. I see the trees and his house under me and above me the blackened sky and surrounding stars. A bunch of them. I can´t see myself but I´m tied to an umbilical cord, I think. Now this is strange. Why would I be…tied to an umbilical cord? I´m still floating but the feeling is uncontrollable. I can´t stop myself. It´s as if my soul has been set free. I feel alive but in a strange way. The feeling is indescribable. I don´t know what´s going on or where I´m headed too but I´m happy as can be. I´m up amongst the stars, floating in space. This is magnificent. I see otherworldly…things in the distance. Things that surprise me, such as two gigantic arrows as they destroy a world and when they do, it seems like they are communicating to one another. Scary! 
I move on and I feel as if something´s closing in on me, chasing me. Whatever it is, it´s not good. I try to go faster. It´s almost like I´m inside a videogame until I reach a man in the middle of the cosmos. He´s meditating and has a thick white beard. His face and body are powder white. 
“Help me!” I tell him. “Help me!”
But the man doesn’t respond. I touch his body I tap him several times in the arms, I even pinch him. Then I realize that he´s suspended in space by an umbilical cord such as mine. Where does his go to? Where does it start and where does it end? 
I try to wake him by forcing his eyelids to open. And when I do, he wakes. He scares me nearly to death as his eyes have no color, they´re white as can be. 
“Who are you?” he asks. 
“I´m Enoch,” I reply. “There´s something following me.”
“I know,” he says.
“What´s your name?” I ask as he yawns. 
“They call me Damage Control,” he responds. 
Damage Control? What type of name is that? I was expecting a name more like Ralph or Robert or something along those lines. Not Damage Control. 
“They can´t touch you,” he says.
“Why would they?” I ask. 
“Because you seek the truth,” he says. 
“The truth about what?” I ask. 
He pauses and then looks up. I follow. The cord is somehow severing itself, it´s breaking apart. 
“The darkness in the cosmos is too much for it to handle. It´s breaking and as the darkness consumes its strands it will eventually break forever,” he says as he closes his eyes again. 
He continues to meditate. 
“So…what are you doing out here…in the middle of,” I ask before he quickly cuts me off. 
“I´m the balance. I´m its equilibrium,” he says. 
I assume he means the universe? Does this mean I´m at the center of the universe? Is this where the separation of light and darkness begins? I try my hardest to wake him again but he doesn´t. and I drift off and away from the old man as I continue my trek through space. And when I do, a planet is in a ball of flames. There´s a vessel orbiting the burning sphere. The spaceship looks familiar. It´s as if I´ve seen it before. There are beautiful markings all along the craft. Symbols or language, I would imagine. 
I come to the rear of the gigantic vessel as it looks like the back part is made of glass. I can see the inside of it as it looks spacious and comfortable. It´s almost like a viewing glass, I think. There´s someone there, looking out. An older man in his thirties I presume. He´s wearing a red jumper suit with charcoal boots. And on the glass, I can see the reflection of the fiery planet behind me, and the man right in front of me has got a tear coming from his right eye. He´s saddened and who wouldn´t be. Hey! Wait a minute! That´s…me! What am I doing…there? I´m older, so that´s what I´m going to look like. Very interesting to see myself so much older. I look behind me…and away from…myself in the future and there it is. I realize it´s…Earth. It´s on fire and this is…crazy. 
“Wake up!” I hear. “Wake up!”
And there I am again…at George´s house. And there she is, like an angel in front of me, Danica. I can´t kiss her but I want to. I hit my face to wake up completely. There I go again. Danica, she´s only a friend. I walk over to the tube and there it is, still. I was hoping it had left, I was hoping they all left. But from the looks of it, they´re still…here. And what are they waiting for? 
“It belched,” Danica says. 
“Belched? What do you mean it belched?” I ask. 
It let out a belching noise. It´s the only way I can describe it,” she says. “The sound it made. The sound they all made.” 
And just as she says that a large hatch opens from the side of the ship. 
So this is the second phase. This is Android 66´s second line of firepower. One by one, beings are lined up on the platform. I can´t really see the pictures clearly but they look like troops of beings. They look…like people. I just can´t make out their faces. The cameras try a close up and I can´t see their faces because they don´t have any. 
“They are the android´s synthetic destroyers,” Uriel says. 
“What do they do?” Danica asks. 
“The question is more like…what don´t they do?” the spaceman responds. “They are Android 66´s personal and sinister creations.”
Right now, our armed forces are practically non-existent. I´m sure there´re not many Guardians left from the aftermath either. We can´t endure another attack but I´m sure the crimson android wants it that way. Uriel pulls me away from the others. 
“There´s only one way now,” he whispers.
“One way for what?” I ask. 
“There´s only one way to win,” he responds.
“Oh yeah, what´s that?” I ask.
“We need the Library of Souls,” he responds.
A library? That´s the last thing I want right now.
“Okay, what does this Library of Souls do?” I ask.
“It keeps your world, humanity, intact,” he responds. “Without it civilization is useless.”
Okay, that´s great. So it´s not a library so to speak. That´s good. But he did say something which bothers me. He said it keeps mankind, intact. I´m not sure what that means exactly. 
“We must keep it away from Android 66. In his hands, he´ll be able to control the human populace. He´ll make slaves out of your people,” Uriel responds. “And trust me. You don´t want that. He´ll distort your kind into his own twisted futuristic vision. He´s a very sick individual, may I remind you of that.”
“So where do we find this…thing?” I ask. 
“It´s deep in the heart of the jungle, deep within the heart of the Amazon,” the traveler says. “My friends are already there.”
“The Arcs?” I ask. 
“Yes,” he responds.
Great, I´m going to Brazil. I don´t know a speck of Portuguese and I probably won´t have to either. Awesome! I´m going to Brazil! But wait a minute…it could be my final resting place. Not so good. I´ll take it for what it´s worth, I´ve always wanted to see the rain forest. I can take that off my bucket list, even though I might be too young to have one. 
“I need you to come with me,” he says. 
I knew he was going to ask me that already. I´m ready as I´ll ever be. Bring it on! Dragons, beasts or any types of monsters, I´m ready. 
And then I hear a loud sonic ping. It´s as if it´s an alarm to set those…things free. The destroyers start to pour out of the large ship. Now I understand, as I can see some a lot better. They´re bulky soldiers without…faces. What´s scarier, seeing your enemy´s face or not being able to look them in the eye? 
They´ve got jet black metallic suits on. They are pretty big at about seven feet tall, I estimate, or even taller. They look like large birds as they look for their prey, almost like buzzards. They´re probably awaiting orders from Android 66. The camera comes up close as it captures one up close. It looks as though its face is starting…to morph, to change into something else. Its face revealed, all of their faces. Looks like they´re rather large human beings of humanoids of some sort. Their muscular bodies are rather impressive. They´re all like this and they surely aren´t from my world. 
“They´ve come to pillage the rest of the world. They came to flatten your planet,” Uriel says. 
“This is crazy,” Dante says. “I don´t know what´s worse, dragons…or this.”
“This is worse. The dragons were…beautiful,” Danica responds. 
Okay, maybe she´s right. The dragons were better looking than these guys. 
“So what do they do?” Dante asks. 
“They´re programmed to destroy everything, hence their name. So the question is…what don´t they do?” Uriel responds.
 The television shows the scenes and developments in all of the other major cities and the same thing´s happening, all around the world. The bulky soldiers are swarming over them like hawks. 
“Alright guys, let´s get going. We´ve got another war to fight,” Mario says as he is intense and focused. And, just like that, I say what feels like my last goodbyes. 
“I´m not going with you guys,” I tell them. “I´ve got something else I have to do.” I nod over to the alien. “I´ve got another secret mission I´m going on,” I whisper. 
Dante startles me as his first reaction, bear hug. I can hardly move. 
“Do what you´ve gotta do!” he says as he finally lets me go. That guy doesn´t know his own strength. He walks away and into the basement. My guess is he wants to beat his sister to the biggest gun still remaining down there. Then Danica approaches me. I think I´m ready to leave now. Guess it´ll be the last time I see her, for sure. To look at those pretty eyes and think that I´ll never see them again, is a horrible feeling. She stands right in front of me. Looks like she wants to tell me something but she´s not quite sure how. She grabs me by the shoulders and falls right into my arms as I hug her. It feels like she doesn´t want to let me go, and I definitely don´t either. She kisses me on the cheek. She rubs her hands on my back and shoulder areas. It makes me feel…kind of funny but I like it of course. I can feel the warmth emanating from her tight body. She steps back a bit and asks, “Aren´t you going to give me something?” 
Okay, now what´s she talking about now? I have something…to give her? I don´t get her and probably never will. I look at her and tears are rolling down from her eyes. 
“What´s wrong with you?” I ask. 
“Nothing,” she says as she puts her head down. I guess she doesn´t want me to see her crying. 
“Look, don´t worry about me…I´ll be fine,” I tell her.
She grabs my hands tightly. It seems she doesn´t want to let go. She looks me straight in the face as she´s choked up. What´s she looking for? In my eyes? 
“This is what´s wrong,” she says. “This is what´s always wrong.” 
Okay, what´s she talking about? Can she please elaborate? 
“Danica…please! What are you talking about?” I ask. 
“You remember the first time we met?” she says.
“Of course I do. How can I forget? You stuck your tongue out at me,” I answer.
“Yeah, of course I did. But…do you know why?” she says. 
“Because you felt like it?” I ask. 
“Okay, you got me,” she responds. “Just kidding. No…I did it because I knew you´d be with me till the bitter end. Through thick and thin.” 
Yeah, I somehow second that motion. It was probably the most unusual greeting I´ve ever received in my life. I mean, who does that? And we´ve been through so much together. Puberty, voice change, tragedies at school, pretty much everything. Right now, I want to tell her just how I feel, the way I think my feelings have changed towards her. But I feel awkward. I just don´t know how to break it to her. I mean, what if she rejects me? What if she laughs at me? I don´t want to lose what we´ve got. I´d feel strange around her for the rest of my life. And I wouldn´t be able to live with that, never. Even if we do stay friends. 
“I know and that´s why I´m glad…you´re my best friend,” I reassure her. 
“Honestly, I don´t want to be your friend anymore. I´m kind of tired of…being your best friend,” she says. 
Okay, the world´s about to end and I just lost my best friend in the world. Low blow! What happened? How did this happen? What did I do to deserve…this? 
“Okay, can I go now?” I ask her. 
She just stabbed me in the deepest part of my heart. I feel a claustrophobic feeling within my body. It´s as if I am completely…alone. She pulls me towards her but harder this time. And with more attitude. She stares me right in the eye. She´s angry and I don´t know why. I can´t look back, at least, I try not to. It´s just too hard. She´s got tears running down her cheeks. 
“Did you hear what I just said?” she asks as her voice gets louder. 
“Yeah, I heard,” I answer. 
She comes in closer and so do I. There´s like an irresistible force pulling us together. It´s as if, I can feel her body chemistry as she moves in closer. 
What´s happening to me, to us? I think as my forehead gently touches hers. I´ve never been…this close to her before. To any girl for that matter. And maybe, I never took the time to look at her up close, her skin, he eyes, her lips. They all have a dazzling quality. She has no imperfections, that´s my observation. I feel like I´ve never felt before. My stomache´s tingling or are those butterflies? I feel like I´ve got goose bumps. 
“Did you hear that?” she asks.
“I think it´s your heartbeat, it´s racing,” I say as she grabs my hand and places it on her heart. “It´s beating real fast.”
And then she kisses me. It feels…spectacular and awkward at the same time. I wasn´t expecting it…at all. I feel alive. I feel like the luckiest boy alive. I´m short of breath. I don´t know what´s happening. This has all got to be…a dream.  
“And that is why…I can´t be your friend anymore,” she says.
She´s so tough at times and yet, so emotional. She never holds back. She´s a free spirit. She does what she wants, when she wants. She walks away and down to the basement. My guess is to look for the coolest gun she can find or to take whatever weapon Dante´s found. I guess those two found a new home much like I did. The Prosecutors have two new members, Dante and Danica. Whoever or whatever crosses their path, beware. They´re going to be just fine with those old guys. 
I think back at the kiss. Maybe. Just maybe, deep down inside, I always wanted that. I feel like a…new man. 
“Let´s get going,” Uriel tells me as he smiles. 
“Why are you looking at me like that?” I ask.
“It was bound to happen sooner or later,” the spaceman responds. 
“What was?” I ask. 
“The kiss! Finally, you two made the connection. It was about time,” he says.
“How do you know so much?” I ask him.
“She´s liked you all this time,” the traveler responds.
“Wait a minute! You knew …and you didn´t tell me?” I say.
“Enoch, sometimes it´s better that way. Surprises are good. These are the moments you need to cherish…for the rest of your life,” Uriel says. “Some answers are better when you find them…on your own. That´s one of the beautiful things about life.”
I guess he´s right. There´re things I have to learn by myself. I can´t be told everything. What good would that do me? The kiss was natural, at least it seemed that way. It wasn´t rehearsed, especially knowing Danica, the way she is. And it was…exhilarating. Awesome! I loved it!
I realize we have a mission as we walk outside. I look up and all around me. 
“So, where´s the Locust?” I ask. 
I want to get this over with already. I want to get back to Danica and the others as quickly as I can. Who am I kidding? I just want to get back to her. 
“We´re not taking the Locust 4,” Uriel responds. 
“Okay then. Are they going to pick us up?” I ask.
“Who?” he says.
“Your friends, the Arcs?” I ask. 
“No Enoch. We´re flying there,” he responds. 
Flying there? Did he just say what I thought he said? I can´t…wait a minute. That kiss, it must´ve made me forget…about everything. Of course I can fly. I have an emblem. Wow, I´m going straight to the Amazon, flying. And with no ship either. This…is…awesome! I begin to think about the dragonflies and of when I was a kid. How I tried to catch them and then let them go almost simultaneously. Such beautiful creatures! I look over at Uriel and his steel-bladed wings…are rather impressive. They make him look like a god. He looks like someone straight out of a mythology book. He jettisons into the sky as he leaves a trail of smoke behind him. And I follow right behind. I look back at the house, the mansion, before I ascend completely. I hope to see Danica and I do as she walks out of the house…with more guns. Her and her brother and the Prosecutors. 
“Good luck,” I whisper. “And please...wish me the same.”
I wait some seconds and she doesn´t look up. And then I ascend into the clouds. I still haven´t gotten the complete hang of these bladed wings. And I see Uriel up ahead. He´s flying at great speeds. I feel like a superhero. I even hum a theme song in my head. I feel…invincible! This is the greatest feeling…ever! Or maybe not. I forgot, no this is the second greatest feeling. Danica´s kiss, number one! Flying in this suit, number two! 
Uriel´s so fast, it seems he´s flying circles around me. He gets next to me and says, “We should be there shortly,” and then zooms by again.
What a show off! Wait till I get used to this armor! I´ll show him who´s king of the skies. And I don´t want this feeling to end! I feel free. But I know it´s going to have to end sooner or later. I just hope it doesn´t end like I think it does, with the world blowing up into tiny pieces. 
I want to come back to my family. I want to come back to my friends. I want to finish high school. I want to go to the university. I want to come back…to Danica. 
I see thick, black smoke underneath me. I guess the second battle´s underway. It´s too disturbing to watch actually. I mean, what if we´re not able to save the world, humankind? Do we become slaves…to a psychotic…android? I try to think positive but the thought seems to cross my mind time and time again. The only feeling I want right now is this feeling of liberation as I´m up in the sky, freedom, as the steel blades behind me, on this armor, carry me up and above the clouds.        
Someone´s headed straight for me or is it my imagination? He´s a winged being much like Uriel. Only his suit´s all different. It´s one of the Arcs, I think. Finally! I guess they all don`t have the same outfits. He approaches me quickly. He`s got his weapon drawn, a scepter. Wow! Pretty big piece of stick! I´m so happy to see him. Wonder what his name is? 
As he gets closer, I´m able to observe in more detail, the suit, the emblem. Yes, he´s got both, but they´re different. They´re not the same. But how? Uriel and him practically look the same, at least their alien profile. They´re very similar in physique and body armor. The emblem´s been slightly modified. 
“Uriel,” I yell. “They´re here!”
“Who?” he says.	
“The Arcs, your friends,” I respond as he looks to where I´m pointing. 
The guy with the scepter comes up very close and swings at me. He almost takes off my head. I guess, if he is an Arc, he´s very aggressive. 
“Hi, I´m with you guys,” I say as I dodge him over and over again. 
I wait for him to…at least greet me. The emblem on his bicep is very different as I see it up close, very close. The insignia is different. I wonder if he´s an Arc at all.
“Get away from him, Darwin,” Uriel says as he confronts him. 
“Yes, I will but after I destroy him!” the aggressor says. 
He wants to kill me but why? What could I have possibly done…to him? He wants to tear me apart…completely. And I´m going to do everything possible to dodge his brute strength. The guy´s psycho, Darwin, or whatever his name is. 
“Be still,” it will only take a few seconds,” Darwin says as he takes swings at me over and over again. I have not been able to take out a weapon to defend myself.  “For me to take your head off.”
Take my head off? Did he just say, take my head off? 
A fist coming flying out of nowhere. Then another. It´s Uriel. 
“Get away from here,” the traveler warns me. “”Darwin is dangerous and deranged.”
I step back and watch as they fight viciously and against one another. I`ve noticed that Darwin´s got bigger teeth, almost like fangs. He tries to bite Uriel in the arm and on his wrists. They are evenly matched as I watch from a distance. Uriel takes out his fire-sword to match Darwin´s wide and powerful scepter. They look like aerial acrobats as they move like dancers in the sky. What can I do to help? I don´t think Uriel would care for me jumping into his tussle. Darwin catches Uriel off guard as he hits him with his scepter in the back. He repeats the action continuously. I´ve gotta jump in now. I´ve got to do something. My traveler friend looks like he may be out of it. I take my bow and aim. I wait for the right moment as Uriel´s still fighting the best he can. I have to be steady. 
Darwin hits him again and then swings his scepter to strike Uriel again but this time in the head area. I let go of the electrically charged arrow in my bow and hope for it to strike the crazed lunatic before he strikes my friend. And it does, as it hits him right between the eyes. 
I did it! I did it! I killed him! I struck him down! Wait a minute. Why am I celebrating? I just killed someone, even if it was a bad guy. I rejoiced the fact that I killed a being…from another world. 
“Uriel!” I shout again as he´s flying out of control. Darwin drops straight down into the clouds. I fly towards Uriel again as he wakes completely. 
“Who was that?” I ask. 
“There are those of us that represent light and there are others who…represent darkness,” Uriel responds. “He is part of the Infinitive. They are…with the Sub-Division. There are more of his kind.”
Those things…they´re like vampires. They bite! Wonder what their bite does? What makes them different from the Arcs? The only difference I was able to note is that of their suits, their emblems and…their teeth. Not the same. 
“The Sub-Division is everywhere,” Uriel says. “You´ve got to be careful.”
I stay close behind the alien as we approach the magnificent Amazon rain forest. To see it on television is one thing and to see it live, well, that´s another story. Wow! What more do I have to say? It´s gorgeous!
And I´m finally going to meet his friends, the other Arcs. I wonder what they´ll think of me? Will they accept me? I am wearing…an emblem. So cool! 
Uriel begins his descent and I follow. There´s not much I can see with all the vegetation below. And then my wings, steel-blades, begin to slow down and before I descend to the ground I look at the wildlife, the beautiful green scenery. This is practically what´s left of the wilderness. It´s an impressive moment in my life as I´ll probably never see anything like it…again. It could all be gone…tomorrow. 
We begin our treacherous trek through the wilderness to find the other Arcs. I suppose Uriel will find them or, who knows where we can find them in the middle of all of this thick flora. There are spiders, snakes and all kinds of wild animals. The rainforest is like a world in itself. I feel kind of cramped due to the density of the forest. It´s hot and muggy. I could use a glass of water right about now.   
I can´t wait! I´ve been anticipating this for a while, the Arcs. I finally get to meet them, the others like Uriel. 
I hear footsteps in the jungle. It sounds like they`ve surrounded us, and they´re getting closer, whoever they are. I hope they´re friendly. I´m very cautious as I look all around me. I guess this is a savage land, this beautiful rain forest. 
I can´t see anyone or anything. They must be hiding behind the thick vegetation. Uriel looks like he´s trying to protect me, but from what exactly? He´s taken the lead as we continue vigilantly. It´s getting dark in here as there is heavy brush everywhere. a shot is fired. And then another and another. Whoever it is, they´re shooting at us with home-made darts. They´re primitive but still effective, I assume. They barely hit us but I´m sure they were intended for that very reason. They were warning shots. They could´ve easily killed us, well…me. I think they´re trying to tell us something. And there they are as they come out of the vegetation with their painted faces and dark skin. We are completely surrounded by…a tribe. An indigenous tribe. Their faces have different markings all painted in white. They are armed with bows and arrows and blow guns, as I´m sure they are ready to use at any given time. One of them approaches us. He looks to be the eldest and probably the wisest of them all. I`m sure he`s their leader. The both of us are careful with our movements as we don´t want to start a fight. He begins by speaking with Uriel. Again, another language I don´t understand. The old tribesmen is protected by six other men. They´re probably his henchmen. They´re probably his most skilled warriors. Uriel understands everything that´s being said as he too…speaks their language. The tribesman points to the sky and tries to paint a picture of the things he´s seen with his hands. His gestures say everything.
“He says my friends are here. He can take us to them,” Uriel says. “He calls them the star people.”
This is so cool. I`m within walking distance of…the other Arcs. For me…they´re celebrities. I just hope I don´t come off as star struck when I meet them. 
“He said…that his people will protect us from the other beings in the forest,” the alien adds.
“So…the bad guys are here as well,” I respond. “I`m guessing Lucy-4, Yusep and probably…Finley. 
“Yes, their presence is felt. They are among us. Waiting…,” he responds.
“To take the Library of Souls, I suppose,” I respond.
“Exactly, let´s get moving. We haven´t much time,” the traveler says. 
All the vegetation around me gives me the creeps, especially knowing our enemies are watching, waiting for us. It´s like I´m waiting for a gigantic monster or something hideous to pop out of the woods. 
The tribesmen begin to lead us through the heavy forestation. They seem in touch with their surroundings. They seem to love their home…the plant life, the wildlife. And they have good reason. This is considered to many as the lungs of the world, the respiratory system. They are our bodyguards from the darkness in the trees. They don´t really look vicious at all but they do look poised to do battle. Even if it is with something or someone not of this world. This is going to get ugly! Real ugly!
It takes a while to get through the rigid and treacherous terrain as we finally arrive to an open area. Dare I say a campsite? In the middle of nowhere? Makes me wonder, that the Arcs and us have, at least some similarities. 
It is a campsite or more like an excavation site. They´ve been trying to find the Library of Souls. So that means the relic´s closer than I thought. And the first body I see scares me half to death. He´s a huge, bulked-up guy. He looks like…a gladiator of sorts. He´s gotta be tremendously strong. He´s one of them, an Arc. He´s got long black hair as it´s tied in a pony-tail. I think he´s noticed us as he turns around and walks towards us. The only thing I can see from so far, his smile. Although his body frame is huge and bulky, I sense a gentle being coming towards us. 
As he comes closer, I can see he´s visibly scarred. A battle scar perhaps? And we come even closer, he´s been brutally blemished. And his eyes…his ruby red eyes…are intimidating. He looks like he´s possessed by a demon or something like that. I can´t help it, he really scares me.!
“He´s one…of you guys?” I ask.
“Yes…he is. He´s the bravest of us all,” he responds with a smile on his face. 
I guess they haven´t seen each other in quite some time. The tribe that brought us here stops as we continue. They walk away from us and back into the trees. At least, we know they´re there. Even if it is in the vegetation. 
“His name´s Azrael,” Uriel says. 
And I´m going to have a tough time looking him straight in the face. I don´t know if I can. He´s so…ugly! His face has been disfigured. I try to hold back my fear. I want to be…nice. 
He looks over at Uriel and pauses a second. And I wonder, does this huge Arc even speak. Then he gives Uriel what looks like…a real bear hug! He´s huge and he looks…ferocious! 
“My friend, you´re not wearing your emblem,” Uriel tells him. 
“It´s right here,” he responds in a horrible and hoarse voice as he takes it out of his trousers. 
“Well, you´d better put it on,” the traveler tells the bigger Arc. “Lucy-4´s here, just beyond the trees.”
“I will…when the time comes,” he responds. “And I caught her scent a couple of days ago. She can´t escape me and neither can her brother.” 
He´s like on steroids or something. I look at him closer and realize he must´ve been handsome at some point in time. He looks like a gentle beast of a man. 
“And your name is…?” Azrael asks me.
“Name´s Enoch. Nice to…meet you,” I responds as I extend my arm for a proper handshake.
And he ignores me. He looks at my emblem as I´m sure it surprises him. He´s probably wondering why an Earth boy would be wearing one of his people´s shields. 
“Give me that!” he demands. 
“What?” I ask. 
“The emblem´s not yours. You´re not allowed…” Azrael says before I cut him off.
“Okay, take it then. I know it´s not mine. But it was given to me…by him,” I say as I point to Uriel. 
I´m scared to death of the bigger Arc. He´s…scary looking. Do the rest of the Arcs look like him? He looks like he could bend a person in half if he wanted to. I wouldn´t want to mess with him…ever. 
He gives Uriel a dirty look and walks away. 
“He´s different…but that doesn´t mean he´s not one of us,” Uriel tells me about the bigger Arc. 
“But it´s difficult to get past the battle scars, don´t you think?” I respond. 
“I don´t see the scars. I see what´s inside of him. The anger, the anguish. He was once pure like the rest of us. He had a run-in with Android 66 that left him badly disfigured. We did what we could to mend the badly damaged scar-tissue. He was nearly dead when Michael found him,” Uriel says as though to tell me to be careful. 
Azrael calls us over as he waves. We quickly run to his vicinity. There´s an opening in the Earth. He´s found something. They´ve found something. 
“They´re down there,” Azrael says with his deep, raspy voice. 
I assume he´s talking about the other Arcs. 
“And the Lost City of Gold,” he adds.
“Is this place secured?” Uriel asks.
“It is. I´ve placed the angel dust all along the perimeter,” Azrael responds. “But remember, it only lasts for so long.”
“So then we have to act…quickly,” the traveler responds. 
“Raphael has almost deciphered all of the tablets. He´s been working on them for a few days already,” the bigger Arc responds. 
“Great!” Uriel responds as he enters through a rather large tunnel. And I go in right after him. I´m not staying on the surface with…that strange looking guy. Azrael looks almost like a serial killer. He looks and acts like a loose cannon. He sounds like he´s not all there. It´s not really as far down as I thought. There´s a light up ahead. Guess that´s where we´re headed. We follow it and find the others hard at work. We startle them as they turn around. 
“Who´s he?” one asks. “And why´s he wearing an emblem?” 

“His name´s Enoch…and please leave him alone. He´s scared enough as it is,” Uriel tells them. “He´s just a boy. I gave him an emblem and I know…he´s my responsibility.” 
“No, you shouldn´t have given him one in the first place,” he says.
“Allow me…to introduce you…to Gabriel,” Uriel says. 
So that´s Gabriel? The one Gustav spoke about! Finally, in person. I want to ask him so many questions but I´ll wait instead. He looks at me as if…I am a little boy! I put my head down as I´m a bit intimidated. Or maybe it´s something else. Maybe, it´s that I don´t really like the sight of him. Yes he is a beautiful young man, just as Uriel. He´s rugged and elegant at the same time. It´s not about the way he looks. I think it has more to do with the way he comes across. He´s got a different personality altogether. 
“You are not o our kind. You don´t deserve to wear the emblem organism. It´s strictly designed for our kind,” Gabriel says. 
His bright aqua-marine eyes begin to light up as I think he´s curious about who I am. He eyeballs me from head to toe. He circles me and observes me. 
“We do not involve humans in any of our missions,” Gabriel says with a stern voice. “Was he able to convince the Grays?”    
“No,” Uriel responds. 
“There you go. There´s your answer. Thank you,” he says. 
This Gabriel guy doesn´t make me feel welcomed. Not at all. He thinks he´s better than me. He is a very creepy and shady character. He´s too serious and pompous or my taste. 
“But this human, he´s not like the others. He´s nothing like them,” my traveler friend responds. “There´s something different about him.” 
“You´re so right. He´s different alright. He´s human. Enough said,” Gabriel responds. 
His other Arc is not dressed like the others. He is wearing plain clothes. He´s got a long hat that hides part of his face. Or maybe he likes it that way. He´s also got a fancy brown pinstripe suit and an overcoat. 
“I´m not arguing with you anymore,” Gabriel tells Uriel.
And I don´t think they really like each other very much. Or they´ve got different sets of ideology.  
“Gabriel!” I say as he turns his face.
“You dare call my name?” he responds. 
“I think I know you,” I respond. “Gustav, do you know Gustav Sanity?”
He turns around and gives me the dirtiest look, ever. 
“You know Gustav? Go on then,” he says.
“Well, I met him in a dream I had. In a couple, as a matter of fact,” respond. “We have interesting conversations and the most intriguing…he asked me to ask you for help. He´s not sure what he´s supposed to do, his mission.”
I hate the way he looks at me. his dark brown hair adds to his mysterious and dark presence. And by the looks of it, he´s not very tight with the other Arcs either. Gabriel clearly does things his way. 
“Of course, Gustav Sanity,” he says. “You´ve…spoken to him.”
He seems surprised. Maybe because I´m human…and he thinks he´s better than me. 
“He´ll know when the time comes,” the strange Arc tells me. “Right now, I have more important matters…to attend to.” 
He walks over to the other Arcs and continues his work. Looks like they´re trying to find a way in through the solid gold door, the entrance, I suppose, to the Lost City.
“The Library of Souls is just beyond that wall,” Uriel tells me. “We´ll find it soon enough. I have all the confidence in the world that if anyone can find it, it´s Raphael.”
“Which one´s Raphael?” I ask. 
“The thin guy to the left. The one who´s reading the tablets,” he responds. 
I had a feeling it would be him. He looks like a Goth as his skin is much paler than the others. He´s much thinner than the others as well. The others are much more fit, he looks…like a young scientist or chemistry whiz with his metal frames over his eyes. 
“They´re not nice, are they?” I ask. 
“I don´t think you caught them all at the correct moment, that´s all,” Uriel responds. “They´re doing whatever it takes to find the Library of Souls. They want to keep your people safe from harm.” 
“What are their names?” I ask softly. 
“Well, you met Gabriel. Not a pleasant fellow and you know who Raphael is. Azrael is above ground. The other two are Ariel and Michael,” he says. 
Ariel looks like she´s about…twelve years old. She sees so playful and easy to talk to. I think she´d definitely get along with Danica. That´s for sure. She´s like a very young female warrior with her golden blonde locks. And Michael, he´s…a warrior. He looks like none of the others. He´s got a very lean and muscular physique, and his face…it´s so peaceful and full of calm he saved Azrael. I guess he´s stronger than I would imagine. He´s got wavy, light brown hair and his eyes resemble that of the sky. 
“So this is it?” I ask. 
“Yep, this is us,” Uriel responds. “There are more but they´re in Xibalba, tending to the Creator.”
Okay…our world is in…grave danger and the Arcs have got more of their soldiers protecting the Creator than helping us save my planet? This just doesn´t make any sense. 
“This is really all we need,” Uriel says. “All of us…have different characteristics that we use as a whole.”
“I´ve got it! I´ve got it!” Raphael says. And I´m assuming he´s talking about an opening to the Lost City. “Everyone, stand back!”
Again, the language he uses to open the door is not familiar to me whatsoever. It sounds like some type of incantation. He´s lifting…the spell. Immediately thereafter, a portal opens from our world to…the Lost City. My eyes are a little soar by the intense light. We come out of the tunnel…and there it is. It´s like paradise, the Lost City of Gold. And I thought it was another fairytale. Researchers have been looking for this metropolis for centuries and with no luck. And here I am with the Arcs. It´s truly amazing. The walls look to be made of solid gold. I look up at the ceilings as they are rather large and covered with unusual markings and symbols. No Earthly tribe could have carved those symbols and numerations that hang overhead. They are done so with great precision. They were definitely made by another source, probably by aliens from above. The place is intact and truly impeccable. I wonder why it was swallowed by the Earth. I wonder what made it be kept hidden all of these years. What truly happened down here? The Lost City´s inhabitants must´ve carefully planned and thought out the city´s burial. Or they had help of some kind. I think this had a lot to do with aliens. I mean, it´s in the middle of the Amazon jungle. Who does that? 
There are no imperfections as the walls are made of solid gold. There are unusual paintings and drawings etched throughout the walls. I think they tried to depict the story of the people who once lived here and took care of the place before it eventually disappeared into the ground. According to me, I think the last pictogram is of the tribesmen as they disappeared into the stars. 
I take a stroll of the city with Uriel. 
“This place was once a very strategic one, for all of us. It was important and still is…because of one thing alone. It´s a safe haven…for the Library of Souls,” he explains. “The inhabitants hid this kingdom from the royalty that had been placed on Earth long ago.”
He looks for any imperfections, perhaps a safe-box. A place where the Library of Souls could be kept. 
“These people hid many secrets from the earliest Dry-Units somewhere behind these walls,” Uriel continues. “And they did a good job of it to say the least.”
I keep forgetting that this war is not a new one. It´s been going on for quite some time, a very long time. And it´s been happening right under our noses. 
“Yusep´s a Dry-Unit?” I ask.
“Yes indeed. And he´s dangerous,” he responds. “The most dangerous, ever.” 
“Then, so is Finley?” I ask.
“I think he´s not sure what he wants which probably makes him even more dangerous but I´m not sure. All I know is that he´ll do anything to get on his father´s good side,” he responds. 
“You knew all this time? At Finley´s party?” I ask.
“Yes, of course I did,” he says. 
“Then, why didn´t you tell me?” I ask.
“Would it have mattered?” he says. “Look!” if you´re worried about Finley, he doesn´t necessarily have to follow in his father´s footsteps.” 
“I´m not worried about him,” I respond. 
“Come on Enoch. I saw the way you talked to him. I saw the compassion you had towards him, even if he is or has been your greatest adversary. He´s been corrupted by his dad. Inside, there´s a little child waiting to come forward.”
I wonder if the school bully, my longtime rival, can ever really be good? Can he be a good guy? Is it in his nature? Or will he someday be just like his father? Will he want to stomp on the world someday? 
“So, where´s it hiding?” I ask as I try to change the subject. 
“I´m not sure but it´s in…here,” the alien responds. “The Library of Souls will be found even if it´s the last thing we do.”
An alarm sounds off. It echoes throughout the corridors. Someone has set it off. The sound is loud and annoying. It´s difficult to listen to. And I guess it´s worse because we´re underground. The sounds are literally bouncing off the walls.
“What is that?” I ask.
“Just say close…as close as possible,” the traveler responds. 
What should I be anticipating? From the look on the spaceman´s face, it´s no ordinary alarm. It´s not good…I´m certain. Someone or something is approaching rather quickly. I can hear them as their sounds are getting closer. There are many of them. Uriel takes out his fire-sword and proceeds with great caution. They´ve begun to howl ferociously. Sounds like more monsters. But what type can they be? They sound like hounds but I´m betting they´re not. 
“Stand your ground Enoch!” Uriel says. 
I go for my weapon and aim in front of us. Dark shadowy figures appear and then slow down. They´re all along the walls and ceiling. They look like wild-dogs. But dogs don´t do that. They don´t climb on…ceilings and walls. 
“What are they?” I ask. “They look ferocious, like a pack of wild dogs.”
But they are really ugly looking. 
“They protect this place…from intruders!” he responds. 
They attack and all I can see is…their teeth. They look sharp and jagged. They look like they could tear through flesh, probably even bones!
“Don´t move! Stand your ground!” he says again. 
Great and my first reaction is to run. But I can´t leave my friend here all alone. I´ve gotta follow orders. They begin to slow down even more, maybe they want to smell us before they eat us! I don´t know. 
“Why are they…slowing down?” I ask. 
“They want us to think they´re wild dogs but they´re not actually,” he responds. 
And they start to become something else. They look like…ghosts. Honestly, they look more like blurs to me. They look like floating inkblots with all sorts of colors rolled together. They look like moving artwork, if that even sounds right. They look like something straight out of an artist´s canvass. 
“Who are you?” one says with a loud, crackling voice. 
“I´m Uriel and this is…my friend, Enoch,” the alien says. 
Did he just call me…his friend? I think he did. Makes me feel a whole lot better. And I thought I was the only one who thought that. He is my friend!
“Why do you come here?” it asks.
“To protect this land. Your world as well as ours,” Uriel responds.
“Then you seek…the Library of Souls,” it says. 
The paintings become a whirlwind of colors as the air picks up. 
“We will not let you find it,” it says-
“Who are you?” I ask.
“We are the Ghosts in the Machine,” it responds. “Protectors of the item you seek.”
And then they suddenly vanish, completely.  
“I have a feeling that those ghosts aren´t the threat. They were a smokescreen for…something else,” the alien says.
I hear…machines. Machines? It sounds like old machinery, old-fashioned technology. I hear the sounds, the sounds of squeaking old mechanisms. Sounds almost like a printing press. Weird! A printing press…down here? What would they use a printing press for? To print their newspapers and magazines? 
Whatever they are, they´re getting closer. And there they are. They look like toy soldiers and they´ve been dipped in gold it appears. They´re gold-plated and all. They march towards us. I think they are the real protectors of this place. And they look so…retro and outdated. 
They stand around us like statues and then they stall, it appears, just when we were in attack mode. 
“Wow! That was close!” I say. 
Their circuitry comes back to life, they´re back and they´re so…old. They must have malfunctioned due to the wear and tear of time. Guess there wasn´t anyone down here to give them maintenance. 
They begin to attack as they shoot lightning bolts towards us out of their…toy guns? At least, that´s what they look like. 
“Find someplace to hide,” Uriel tells me. 
“Where?” I ask.
“Anywhere!” he responds. 
Uriel begins to fight the machines alone. And I can´t let him do this all alone. He´s officially my friend now. I may not be the best fighter. I may not be an Arc. But at least I can do something. I have this suit; I have an emblem. I´m human but I´m not entirely defenseless. I can help! I have to help! There are so many as they move in robotic fashion. Their blasts have some sort of tracking system which doesn´t make them easy to get away from. They zigzag and follow us at every corner. Those bolts of lightning are pesky to say the least. Uriel moves along like a fearless samurai. He runs at the robots with an incredible vigor but there are…too many. The spaceman is vicious but he has his limits like anyone else would. I´ve never seen this side of him before. He looks like a lion, he just won´t give up. He clashes with the robotic machines as his body moves quickly to avoid the out of control lightning bolts. Dante´s a good fighter but Uriel´s truly amazing. He´s very quick but it seems the machines keep pouring out of the walls. They´re too many to handle. Here goes nothing! Here I come! I jump into the melee and as I do, Ariel comes to his aid, the twelve year old warrior. 
That´s not at all what I was expecting! Not out of her! She´s so…young, I think. Can she even carry that sword of hers? It looks twice her size but she uses it to perfection. And the golden machines continue to pour out of the hidden wall compartments. I don´t know how much more of this we can handle. The ones that have been destroyed look like scrap-metal on the ground. 
Chapter 13
The battle continues as Uriel, Ariel and I take on the golden robots. It´s not an easy task as they continue to pop out of nowhere. Where are the other Arcs? I shoot arrow after arrow at the retro-fitted robots. Killing some and missing others. There are so many layers of scrap metal on the floor that it´s hard to move. It´s like a junk pile and it´s accumulating rapidly. How do we get these things…to stop coming? How do we pull this off? The world and everything´s at stake. I take my bow and throw it onto the floor. I reach for a better weapon, one that will do more damage. I reach for a sword, the same as the other Arcs. I want to destroy with my strength! I want to go medieval on those robots! I swing and swing away with all my might. I want to show the aliens, that I too, can handle myself. 
And then the other Arcs come to crash the party. They come from every direction as they look like…knights of some otherworldly order. They are truly impressive but the one that strikes me the most is…Michael. Where does all of his strength come from? He´s extremely quick and has a lot of stamina. He´s from beyond this world…and he´s probably beyond Xibalba as well. He´s not like the rest. I can sense it. There´s something more…something special about that guy. He looks like he´s dancing as he strikes his opponents one after the other. His movements…he does them with such grace. He completely dominates…and does so easily. I believe he´s the Arc who saved Azrael from getting killed by the raging psychopath, Android 66. Azrael looks stronger and more rugged than Michael, but in all reality, it´s completely the other way around. “M” is special. If not for him, we´d still be fighting a seemingly never-ending battle against the old-fashioned robots. 
Clunk! Clunk! I step over all of the debris left by the broken down droids. It´s almost like a junkyard but there´s gold everywhere. I am able to see the widgets and pistons the people who built these pieces of junk used. They must have been master craftsmen to make them the way they did. Inside of the robots, there are various fine and precious metals as they put them together almost like a human body. They look like they have a metal skeletal system inside. Wow! Astonishing! I like the concept for a science fair project, I suppose. 
The battle felt like it lasted for hours. Awesome! I fought alongside extraterrestrials. I fought with, probably the best warriors in the universe…ever! Hey, but do notice one of them is not here with us. Why isn´t Gabriel here? I guess he´s still looking for the artifact. He´s gotta be around here somewhere. And Azrael stayed up top, guarding the place. Honestly, I´m happy about that. I don´t think I´ll ever get comfortable around that huge and bulky beast of an alien. Yes, he is an Arc but he´s still scary looking to me, even if he is one of the good guys.
I look at the Arcs and realize…they truly are titans. I´ve never seen such an incredible display of precise fighting technique and skills. They are magnificent! They are all so fluid in their movements. And I forgot…they´re not of this world. Why do I keep forgetting that crucial fact? 
“You´re going back up top,” Uriel tells me.
“But why?” I ask. “I want to stay with you guys”
“Gabriel says you´re disturbing our work,” he responds. 
I look at Gabriel as he gives me a fake smile. I look back at him and do the same. News flash! I can´t stand the guy! I don´t trust him either. I don´t know, I can´t place my finger on it, but he´s not like the others at all. 
“Besides, you´ll be safer up there…with him,” Uriel tells me. 
Oh, that´s right…the only guy up there is…Azrael. I don´t like this feeling one bit. 
“Do I have to?” I ask.
“Yes, you do,” he respond almost like a father figure. “Azrael´s a good guy. You´ll be secure with him by your side. That´s for sure.”
I don´t want to go! No way! No how! 
“Oh great. Leave me with a monster, why don´t you?” I say.
“You stop that right now!” he tells me as I think he scolded me. “He´s not a monster.”
Okay, so he´s not a monster! He´s badly scarred. Still he´s not an easy sight to look at. “This is the only things that counts,” he says as he points to his heart. 
“But we have nothing in common,” I say as I plead with him. 
“How do you know?” he asks.
He´s completely right. I´m acting like the other kids at my high school. I´m acting like the very people I despise. I guess I´m no different than them right now. Oh, how I hate myself right now! Okay, so he has a couple of scars on his face. Maybe he´s got more than I remember. All I do recall is that I didn´t want to look at him…too much. And I really didn´t. I never gave him the time of day. 
Now let me think. What would I have in common with a big bulky strong guy…who looks a little disfigured? He´s got a angry and aggressive look on his face. He´s probably  bitter guy because of…all those…scars on his face. And he probably doesn´t talk much. So I´m sure to get bored. 
Uriel leads me up to the surface and I see the break of day. The sun´s shining brightly. He takes me straight to Azrael and still…I can´t look him straight in the face. The alien leaves me with the seemingly bigger Arc. 
“Azrael, I´m leaving him with you,” Uriel says. 
“I´m not here to babysit,” he responds. 
“Yeah, exactly! I can take care of myself!” I respond. 
“Those are your orders,” Uriel tells him. 
“I don´t like orders,” Azrael responds. “I´ve always got one of you ordering me around.”
Uriel looks at Azrael and they salute each other, it almost looks like a military gesture with the hands and everything. And then he walks away leaves us both…alone together. I can tell they respect each other a great deal. As soon as the other Arc is gone, Azrael gets in my face and roars almost like a lion. I guess he doesn´t share the same sentiments for me. He sits on a nearby lo as he sharpens tools I don´t know why he´d do such a thing when he´s got a emblem which pretty much gives him whatever weapon he wants. He must sharpen things as a hobby. He looks almost like a Native American, except for those eyes, wicked and all. They do scare me! 
I sit in his proximity on another log. He scans he area repeatedly like a watchdog. I think he´s trying to ignore me! And I have no idea about what to tell him. What can I possibly talk about…with him? I can imagine e´s got incredible eyesight as he growl at all possible and animalistic intruders. And he scares them all away!
“You can´t stand the sight f me, can you?” he asks me in a rather coarse voice. 
He´s got a knife in his hand, a very big one at that. I´ve got to b careful what I say as he sharpens some wooden poles into spikes. 
“Whatever gave you that idea?” I respond. 
“My face,” he says. 
He truly scares me, even if he is on our side. He´s too aggressive. I try my hardest not to even look in his direction. 
“Look at me. Is this what scares you?” he asks. 
I garner up the strength to look his way. I don´t want to stare or do anything stupid. And then I look at him. I examine his facial features as I answer his question. 
“No, no, that´s not it,” I respond.
“Then what is it that scares you?” he asks. 
“I think, it´s your attitude. Your vibe,” I say. “You don´t make me feel comfortable…like Uriel for example.”
“But I´m not at all…like him. I´m…ugly,” he responds. 
And in that instance, I realize he´s not as he seems. He did this to himself. He thinks he´s ugly and a monster and that´s…what he projects to people around him. 
“You see a monster.” He says. 
“Where?” I say as I look him straight in the face. “What I see is a man…who´s scared. Scared about what people or beings around you might think of you. You´re not a monster, you´re an Arc.”
I spot something very intriguing. I look beyond the outer layer of his skin and realize that underneath all of the scars, underneath the exposed flesh, he is a very handsome young an. He must´ve been a lady killer at one point in his life. Android 66 really did a number on him. And his voice doesn´t do anything to hide the fact that´s he´s hurting inside. He´s not the raging bull that I thought he was. He´s in fact a gentle giant.
He looks like he´s completely…alone. He seems misplaced. He´s not the monster I thought he was. There`s another side to him. A side he hasn`t bothered to show anyone in a very long time. He´s like a scared…little boy.
“You´re not a monster,” I tell him. 
And then I remember what Uriel told me. I hold my palm to my heart. I know it wasn´t exactly my idea but I can share something I learned with another being. 
“It`s what you have in here…that counts,” I say. 
And I hope we have similarities in physiological standards. He makes the same gesture as he imitates my movement. 
“I haven`t heard my heartbeat in ages,” he says. “Thank you!”
“You`re welcome!” I respond. 
“I know I still have some good in me,” he responds. 
“You are…one of the good guys,” I reassure him. 
“I wish I could go back to that day. The day when fate came knocking on my door. The day I was scarred…forever!” he says.
He looks like he`s coming out of his shell. He takes his hand from his heart and pounds his fist against his other palm in a fury. 
“Easy now!” I say. 
“I hate him!” he responds. 
I would imagine it would be hard to go back to that very day, the very day it happened. The day his life changed forever. The day he inherited those ruby-red eyes of his. I would be angry too, I guess if something or someone nearly killed me, especially something evil and filled with darkness. 
“I want to kill him even if he is my family. I want to put an end to his evil ways,” the big Arc says as his voice grows stronger. He can crush me at any moment if he wanted to. I have to be careful around him. I have to be careful what I say. He`s clearly not in a good mood as his muscular body looks very tense. His biceps are bulging stronger. His muscles are very defined. 
“Like I told you, relax! There´s no place for anger! It´ll get you nowhere. Trust me, I know!” I tell him. 
“Look at my face! Look at me!” he tells me. 
And I do so, carefully. This time I see something different. I see something I would have never caught before. I see his…soul. 
“What are you looking at?” he asks. 
“I´m looking inside you. I`m looking…at you!” I respond. 
I realize the man in front of me, the being from another world, is not ugly at all. Maybe it´s because I feel a little more comfortable around him or…it´s because he`s not…ugly. He truly isn`t. I feel he´s not even the same being I met a little while back. He makes me feel…completely safe. Why did I ever doubt him? Was it because my first reaction was…superficial? I can trust in him and he can trust in me, fully now that I´ve gotten past my superficial perception. 
“Okay then, what do you see?” the grizzly Arc asks. 
I´m not going to lie to him. I´ve got to tell him the truth. “I see a tortured soul!” I respond. “I see someone who can change. Someone innovative, I see someone with…an incredible presence and unique personality. I see someone with an unlimited source of good in him.”
I look at his face as it completely changes. His anger calms down. I can almost spot…a smile. His body language is noticeably a bit more peaceful and tranquil. He´s growing on me! Never thought I´d say this but I enjoy his company. He´s sort of like an older brother even though he looks to be about my age. And then he does smile, something I´m sure he hasn´t experienced in quite some time. 
The Arcs definitely have one thing in common, they´re good souls. The only one I´m not sold on is Gabriel. He´s just a bit too dark and bossy to me for some reason. I just can´t point it out exactly. He looks and acts like someone who looks after his own interests. I have a feeling he can and will turn on anyone at any given point in time. 
“They´re here!” Azrael says as he stands up and looks around. He scans the area again and looks forward. “I can see them just beyond the trees. They are waiting patiently amongst the shadows.”
“Which one of those freaks?” I ask. 
“Lucy-4!” he says. “And the Dry-Unit commander.”
That would be…Yusep. Wonder if Finley´s here as well, with them. 
“What are they waiting for?” I ask. “Why don´t they attack us already?”
A chill comes down my spine. I´ve got goose bumps. This is it! It´s coming! It´s do or die! The end of the world as we know it! 
“They want us to do their dirty work for them,” Azrael says. “They´re waiting for us o find the Library of Souls.” 
Once they get their hands on it, they´re pretty much in control, complete control! 
The rain starts to pour and the muscular Arc and I are soaking wet. We´re drenched. The brushes around our campsite are moving. They´re surrounding us. Out they come, the same tribesmen that brought us here. But they look…a little different. They look like they´ve been infected by something as they foam from their mouths. They must be sick, very sick. Their heads are crooked. It´s almost as if they´re trying to recognize us by the way they look at us. But they can´t! what happened to them? Something must´ve bitten them. They look like zombies! Their faces are expressionless. And they don´t have their weapons with them. 
They continue to walk towards us slowly. And then they pick up speed. Azrael screams something at them. He must know their dialect much like Uriel does. They stop almost as if they recognize what he said. But it only lasts seconds as they continue what seems like an arduous journey towards us. And then they let out their blow guns. They shoot at us as we dodge all of their poisonous darts, at least I think they´re lethal. 
“I will crush their skulls in,” Azrael says.
I think those are harsh words. Those tribesmen take care of these lands. They protect the rain forest from intruders such as…Lucy-4 and Yusep Andreiv. They have something to do with this, I´m sure. They must have turned them…into zombies. But how?
“Stand clear. I will deal with them myself,” Azrael says.
“No, I can do this too,” I answer as I stand tall, waiting for them to advance. They open their mouths as their teeth are…rotting away. Through closer inspection, I realize they´ve got tubes sticking out of their heads and arms. They´re not zombies, they´re more like part man, part machine. Yusep must´ve turned them into this. They start to chomp their teeth together. Clink! Clink! Sounds like they´re ready to devour us. They start to run the rest of the way and I´m waiting and so is Azrael. He´s a rather intense fellow. He´s not wearing his suit of armor like the rest of them. I´m sure he´s got the emblem somewhere with him hidden away. I guess he prefers to use his brute strength against these protectors gone bad. They rush us and he does what he said. He takes them by their craniums and crushes them, literally, one by one as they approach him. He grabs two at a time and crushes their heads together. There´s blood and…goo? What is that stuff? It´s disgusting looking.And it´s everywhere. The bodies on the ground look like they´ve been fused together with their metallic components. And the camp site smells…well…really bad! Must be their insides that smell like that. The battle only lasted a couple of minutes as Azrael looks bloodthirsty for more opponents. He´s got traces of blood on his face from his ferociousness. He lets his rage consume him easily I guess. He walks over to the dead bodies and then back at the surrounding vegetation. 
“Bring it!” he roars. “Sister, I will have you and the android´s head on a platter! I will parade your skulls on the roads in Xibalba! You will not get away so easily this time! Victory is mine!”
I wonder if they can hear him, his screams are almost like cries. 
It starts to get dark as we wait for any other surprises. But they don´t come. We don´t even hear any noises from the forestation. Everything around us is in complete silence. Azrael sniffs the air checking for other intruders. I would imagine they haven´t gone off too far. 
“Worry not my friend. They won´t come until they´re absolutely certain that we´ve located the object of faith. You should rest now. You´re going to need it,” he tells me. “I will keep a watchful eye. I´ll alert you if anything happens.”
My eyes begin to shut down as I find a place to lie down. And when I do, I stare up just as I always do at the stars above. It looks rather…majestic tonight. They look completely out of place but I know it´s impossible. I´m the one that´s out of place. Danica, where are you…tonight? What are you doing…tonight? 
I hope to see her again…before the world ends. 
“Enoch, what did he tell you?” a blurry figure asks me. 
“Who?” I respond.
“Gabriel, what did he tell you?” he asks. 
Everything becomes clearer and more focused. I know him very well, it´s Gustav and I´ve slipped into his world yet again. I look around and notice…there are people, here, in his stadium. They´ve occupied some of the space in his world. Looks like they´ve taken refuge. There´s smoke everywhere. There´s music in the background.
“Everyone, this is Enoch!” he says through the microphone. 
“Hello Enoch!” they scream. “Enoch! Enoch! Enoch!” they chant over again. 
His band mates get up on the stage and begin to play. It´s an amazing tune.
“Be right back,” he says as he runs for the spotlight. Looks like he´s composed another masterpiece. I sit down as I´m in the third row, away from the clusters of people behind me. And then he begins to sing. The way he sings is so passionate and sensual almost that I haven´t heard in a very long time.
Foreign Land
Your kindness is written in your soul, the way you move across
Your soft silky skin speaks for itself, elegance and sweetness
This eloquence is moving, this eloquence that moves me within this foreign land
This eloquence is moving, this eloquence that moves me within this foreign land
Your peanut butter shell, your otherworldly tan you wear it well
You´re some sort of goddess, you move in indescribable fashion
This eloquence is moving, this eloquence that moves me within this foreign land
This eloquence is moving, this eloquence that moves me within this foreign land
Within this forgotten land, within this foreign land
You are of royalty, you are my majesty, you are my flesh and blood
I beg for mercy, I beg for mercy, I beg for mercy
This eloquence is moving, this eloquence that moves me within this foreign land
This eloquence is moving, this eloquence that moves me within this foreign land
And when he´s done, a standing ovation! Brilliant! There are cheers. People whistling! Many have lighters in their hands! The music stops but he sets the mood for the people in attendance. 
“They keep coming and coming!” Gustav Says. 
“I know, right? There are a lot of people here. It´s almost like a…sanctuary!” I respond. 
Hey…maybe this is what he´s supposed to do? But how? I don´t know…how this could possibly help us? 
“Look Gustav, I don´t think you´d want to see the world and what it´s become. It´s a madhouse!” I tell him. 
“What do you mean?” he asks.
“I mean, it´s crazy. We were attacked by dragons and now we´re being attacked by aliens,” I respond. I think I´m going to try to explain…everything. Maybe it´ll give him the clues he needs. I mean, he´s here for a reason. But for what exactly? 
“Do you know anything about the Library of Souls?” I ask.
“A library? What…do I look like I like to read?” he asks. “Well, actually I do but I haven´t the foggiest idea what you are talking about.”
“I have no idea how it works but I know it´s important,” I respond. 
“I haven´t got a…” he says before someone cuts him off. “Clue! You haven´t got a clue!” the voice shouts.
“It´s him!” he points behind me. 
 I look back and there he is as he struts towards us. He´s got a rather big smile. “Ah, the lost little boy and the rock star,” he says.
It´s Gabriel and why did he have to come…now? Pompous ass! 
“Watch it kid! I can read your thoughts,” he says.
He pushes his way through the crowd to get to us. “How does it feel to have…this gift?” he asks. 
“You call this a gift?” Gustav responds angrily. 
“And…I wasn´t talking to you,” Gabriel responds. “I´m talking to you. Yeah you! The little lost boy!” 
Me a gift? What gift? If I do have one and this is it, I don´t want it. What´s he talking about? 
“You have to be careful what you wish for,” Gabriel adds and then he vanishes as quickly as he got here. 
“Wait!” Gustav says as he reaches his hand out. He must feel horrible. The Arc was his ticket out of here. And he just left the rock star without giving him some answers. He could have told him what he was supposed to do. The rock star falls on his knees. He looks up to the sky or whatever it is in here. Yes, there´s a clearly visible night sky overhead just above the stadium. I guess he made the sky as well. 
“He…didn´t tell me anything!” Gustav says. “Now what am I supposed to do?”
My first thought is to console Gustav but I don´t know how he would react. He´s looks desperate for answers. I could only imagine how it feels to be in his shoes. He´s had a rough life even if he was once a great and recognized musician. He lost the love of his life who can never come back to life, even in this world. His parents are waiting for him on the other side in some hospital room. And he´s stuck…here!
“I just want to go home already,” he tells me. 
It´s written in his eyes, the sorrow. He gets up off the floor and grabs me by the shoulders. “What am I supposed to do?” he says. “I feel like I´ve been locked in here for a long time…a very long time. I´m tired of this place.”
He´s even crying now. This must be difficult…for him, for anyone to endure. I can´t say I know what to tell him. I´m without words. He looks so…frustrated. I´m frustrated, I can´t help him. I don´t know how. I feel impotent. 
“I don´t know why or how but I feel that you´re the most important piece of this puzzle. You and I didn´t meet by accident. You´ve got to find the answers. You have to find out why you´re here, why you were put here,” I tell him. 
I hope I was able to soothe his soul. I hope I gave him some sort of comfort. “We need you,” I add.
He smiles and gives me a hug. “By the way, give my regards to Danica. She´s so sweet and charming. Take care of her. She really does care about you, you know,” Gustav says. 
I think I´m fading…back into my world. I´m fading…quickly phasing out of his world and back into mine. I look at my arms and feet and I´m disappearing. But before I do I want to ask him some questions of my own. I can´t believe it. He knows Danica! How? 
“So you´ve seen Danica? Is she okay?” 
And then it is too late as Azrael wakes me. “Wake up my friend. They´ve come closer. They´re all around us,” the giant Arc warns me. 
And I look around and see…nothing. Gustav said he knew Danica? I don´t get it. So, she too must´ve gone into his dream world, but when? I hope that the next time I´m there, if there even is a next time, she´s there.
I look forward, I begin to imagine what she might be doing at this very moment. I wish I could…
I wish I could see my enemies, our enemies. Azrael´s probably got exceptional tracking skills or his sense are heightened more so than any human being. 
“I don´t see anything,” I say as I´m disappointed. Yes, I have a suit of armor but I´ll never be…one of them. I´ll never be like them. The Arcs are super soldiers. They´re not of this world and I, unfortunately…am human.
“Have you ever heard of Sekhet, the protector of this land, the Lost City of Gold? It´s first protector?” he asks.
“No, I can´t say I ever have?” I respond. 
He takes his eyes off the forestation in front of us. He then turns and looks at me. 
“He was the ruler of this land…when it was above ground,” he says. “Yes, he wasn´t even from around here. He was born of royalty in Egypt and left it all behind to travel here…to this region. He claimed that he had a calling. He claimed that the Lost City was calling him in order for him to protect this land, this kingdom. The world was smaller then and evil had just begun to seep into the Earth. The kingdom´s prophecies said that someone, someday would come to resurrect and unite its people against the forces of evil. He was the one. He was the chosen one. We met on various occasions,” he tells me.
I keep forgetting that these Arcs have been around for quite some time. I still don’t get how he looks seventeen or eighteen at the most. Sometimes I don´t know whether to believe him or not but I´m sure he´s telling me the truth. 
“For hundreds of years he and his people kept this place away from the bad people, the wrong people. And then one day, all of them, the people of this kingdom, were taken away into the stars. But before they left, they hid this thriving metropolis safely under the grounds of this rich and magical rain forest,” he explains. 
Wow! What an amazing story! Truly incredible! Sounds more like a legend than anything else! A fairytale even! 
“I had the honor of chatting with him at various moments in time. His emotional intelligence was off the charts. The man I´m talking about, Sekhet, he was truly brilliant. And you…you remind me so much of him,” Azrael tells me. 
Okay, so it´s not a legend and it´s not a fairytale. And now, I don´t think I should even be mentioned in the same breath as that courageous soul. He saved a city. Kept it from being taken from the earliest Dry-Units. 
“You know I really haven´t done anything for you to talk about me that way,” I respond. 
“It´s just there´s something about you. I can sense it…just as Uriel does. You clearly don´t belong…at least not on this world,” he tells me. 
There are more noises coming from the woods. I think the bad guys are getting closer. There´s movement in the trees from time to time. I think I spotted something nearby. Whatever it is, it´s dark and a shadowlike in appearance. 
“What is that thing?” I ask.
It appears to be human-like but it´s face is covered in what appears to be murky soil. In fact, it´s whole body is covered in whatever it is. It´s face…is charred black. It´s sniffing at the air almost like a blood hound. I think it smelled us as it looks directly at us. It calls over more of its kind. What exactly are they? Could the Amazons have kept these creatures hidden away for so long or are they the work of Lucy-4 or Yusep Andreiv? 
They begin to pop out of the trees. The first one comes closer. I don´t think it can see…anything. It looks and moves like it´s blind. It also looks hideous in nature. 
They begin to multiply. Soon there are at least a hundred of them. 
“Whatever it is, it doesn´t look to be aggressive,” Azrael responds. 
“Hey!” I shout. “Who are you?”
The creature looks directly at me and charges on its arms and legs while the others stand back and watch. 
“Are they…with the android?” I ask. 
“This thing that comes our way is not the making of anything…alien,” Azrael responds. “I´m not sure what it is.”
It approaches and Azrael draws his sword. Whatever it is, he´s going to kill it for sure. 
It quickly turns into a shadow as it attacks. The Arc strikes at it and misses every time, completely. The shadow continues to evade us as it moves all around us. I draw my weapon as I fling my bow back. I shoot at the ground but my electrically-charged arrows do nothing. 
“Who are you?” Azrael roars as he grows impatient. Guess he´s never seen anything like it before. 
“Go away!” it says. “Leave this forest now!”
“We don´t want your forest,” the Arc says as he tries to clobber the shadowy presence. 
The shadow taunts me by tapping my shoulder. It feels strange…its touch. It gets in my face and tries to scare me. 
“Boo!” it says as it does make me jump a little.
I begin to think, it´s not bad. 
“Then go!” it says as the other shadows disappear.
“We can´t!” I say.
“Yes you can and you will!” it says. 
It begins to wrap itself around my body. It starts by taking out my legs as I drop to the ground. Then it makes its way to my torso as it begins to constrict my lungs. 
“I can´t…breathe!” I yell. 
I look at Azrael and reach out my hand but there´s nothing he can do. If he does strike it, he´ll kill me in the process. 
It begins to strap itself to my neck area and I´m in a lot of pain. This thing hurts, whatever it is. 
“I said we´re not here to take your forest!” Azrael says. “Let him go!”
He wields his sword up to the sky. He then realizes there´s nothing he can do for me. I´m dead! Cough! Cough! 
“When you agree to leave these lands, I´ll let him go,” it says. 
I think I´m on my own. But I´m sure I´m not going to be able to take much more of this pain. So what do I do? How do I get this thing off of me? Think Enoch! Think! What can I do to get this thing off me? It´s a shadow and I can… 
My armor feels like it´s burning my body. It´s doing something. And the shadowy creature is coming off. There´s less pressure coming from the…monster. And then I look at my suit as it emanates light from all its components. My body armor, the emblem, it saved me! The shadowy figure has turned into a piece of black paper on the ground. 
It´s difficult for me but do get up. Cough! Cough! That thing nearly strangled me to death, it almost suffocated me. I stand over it and then I look around into the trees. I can see the others, like…it. They´re all there. What are those things? This thing on the floor? It told us to leave…but why? 
The being begins to take shape again. It starts to move upwards again. I move away from it and take out my weapon. I aim at what seems to be a long piece of dark paper…as it turns into a gas, almost like a shadowy creature. Azrael prepares himself as well. I guess we don´t know what to expect from this thing. 
“Leave us alone!” I shout. 
“We´ve done nothing to you. Leave the boy alone,” Azrael tells it.
“We´re not here to take the trees, the forest or anything!” I say. “We´re here to save the world. Or at least what´s left of it.”
The shadowy figure leans over me, above me and looks down at me curiously. 
“I know you´re not! You are beings of…light!” it says. “We are the Shadow Rebellion. We protect this world. Amazonia!
I didn´t know shadows could speak. I almost got killed…by a shadow. Didn´t know they could do that. 
“We protect the rain forest from the evil forces. And you, my friend, I know now…that you are not one of them,” it says. “I deeply apologize. We all do!” it adds as it swirls its way back to protect nature and all of its properties. 
I hope we can save this world from being destroyed so that it continues to have a home in its beloved forest. I look at the surrounding trees and it´s almost as if I can hear the creatures say goodbye. I breathe in deeply as I can feel the air, clean and pure, inside my lungs. I feel more alive than I ever have. I defeated something that even an Arc couldn´t. I saved…myself. 
“I think that was a test!” Azrael says. “You now know what you are capable of! There´s light everywhere…inside of you!” 
Thanks Azrael, I think I needed to hear that. 
“Bring it on!” I yell towards the vegetation. 
I want to show Lucy-4 and Yusep what I´m made of. I hope they can hear me. I want them to! My world is not over yet! I´m going to do everything in my power to fight, fight to the bitter end! 
“Enoch, she´s a sick and twisted soul! I don´t think it wise that you challenge her,” Azrael tells me. 
Okay, so maybe he´s right. I shouldn´t have done that. I shouldn´t have screamed out like that but at least I know now that I do possess a courage inside of me. I can do anything I desire. I can change the outcome of events, I think. Okay, maybe I can´t change things but I do hold something I´ve never felt before. And yeah, maybe Lucy-4 is twisted. Maybe Yusep´s a bit psychotic but I´m not going to let them ruin my plans. I´m not going to let them take my high school. I´m not going to let them take my dreams of going to the university. I´m not going to let them take my family and I´m definitely not going to let them take my Danica. She´s mine now, at least I think she is. They´re all mine. 
Then my thoughts turn to Uriel and the others. I wonder if they´ve found that thing…the Library of Souls. I wonder how they´re doing down there in the Lost City. Then I think about my parents, Dante and Danica. Are they okay? How are they doing? I swear when I see Danica again, I´m going to tell her how I really feel about her. There´s no holding back this time. Even if her brother doesn´t approve. And if this is some sort of cruel joke, I´m going to kill her! Danica´s used to playing practical jokes on others, I just hope, not me because she´s got me hooked on her!
I wish she was here. I wish I could hold her. I wish I could feel the warmth of her body. I wish I could touch her gently. I wish I could…kiss her again. 
For me…she´s perfection. 
And then I think about other things like…what if we fail? What if the whole world comes tumbling down? What if I never see her again? But I will, I feel as I inject myself with a sense of false hope. I know that things can get bad at any moment. There are too may bad guys and not enough good guys. 
Uriel dashes out of the tunnel. He looks like he´s got hope written all over his face. I can sense it in his facial expression. 
“The Reset 1313 device is locked and loaded,” he says.
“But what about the Library of Souls?” I ask.
“We´re almost there,” he says.  
“Okay, so what´s this device you´re talking about used for?” I ask. “What does it do?” 
He looks at me as if he´s found the Fountain of Youth or something like it. His eyes light up…and then he gets serious. 
“It´s a failsafe,” Uriel says.
“Failsafe for what?” I ask.
“In case anything should go wrong,” he says. “It´s an insurance policy.”
An insurance policy? That doesn´t make any sense. Why would they need insurance? I don´t think that by having…an insurance policy, it could be anything good. The reset 1313 device has gotta be something bad. Great! More bad news!
“If the Library of Sols does fall into the wrong hands, we can use this device to cleanse your world. It can be incinerated and the Earth will get a fresh clean start,” Uriel explains. 
How can that be possible? If the world blows up, it does just that. It blows up! Humans can´t survive in fiery conditions. I can´t even touch a cigarette butt without it burning me. I´m going to go with what he said even though I don´t really understand.
“So we get a clean slate?” I ask.
“Yes, Earth gets a new start,” he responds.
“But I´m talking about us, humans?” I ask. 
“I didn´t say anything about mankind,” he says. 
“So, we die, just like that,” I respond.
I think the alien realizes he committed a mistake in telling me that. 
“Don´t worry my friend. We will find the Library of Souls and we´ll keep it from that evil dark lord,” Uriel says as he tries to reassure me. 
I know he didn´t mean anything by it. I know him. He cares about me…about my world and my civilization. I know he´s a good guy. But he just told me, we´re basically all dead. The glimmer of hope that I had is practically gone. And I didn´t even know that Reset thing existed! 
“She´s closer than before!” Uriel says as he touches the soil on the ground. How does he know so much by touching the ground beneath him? The Arcs are excellent trackers, I suppose. I can´t even smell myself when I´m dirty. My mom and dad have to tell me. Azrael nods his head as he agrees. He´s not really much for words. 
“And the dark lord is coming,” Uriel says. 
“Android 66,” I say.
“And that´s when the real fun begins,” Azrael responds.
The giant Arc has got a vendetta against the crimson android. Honestly, I´m not sure who to be more scared of, Azrael or Android 66. It seems Azrael´s got a score to settle with the android. I haven´t seen the android in person yet but it looks like nothing can stop Azrael. He´s an unstoppable force. I imagine it should be a really good fight. I look at the scarred Arc and wonder what I would do. I wonder if I´d be so angry that I´d want to kill someone? He lets out a roar as I´m sure everyone heard him, including Lucy-4 and Yusep Andreiv. 
He looks to be out of control. He looks like a lunatic as he awaits the battle. Wonder what he would have been like if he didn´t have the scars? The reminders of the near tragedy? 
I´m sure he´d be…my friend, for sure. Deep inside, I think he´s the coolest of the Arcs. The easiest to talk to. And I would´ve never known if I were still scared of him. He´s a very kind-hearted alien underneath all of that…rage. 
“I will slit his throat!” Azrael yells. 
“Easy big fella!” I tell him. “Calm down! You´ll get your chance soon enough,” I respond. 
I think I was able to calm him down for now but it won´t last long, I´m sure. 
It´s sunny out as it´s noticeably ten or eleven o´clock in the morning. The sun is shining brighter in my face. The glare is killing my eyes. We wait for any new developments but they never come. No Lucy-4, no Yusep Andreiv, no Android 66! 
“They´ve taken refuge just beyond our campsite!” Uriel says. 
“How do you guys know this?” I ask. 
“It´s easy to track darkness in this jungle filled with light and riches. It´s a planet in itself,” Uriel responds. 
He and Azrael sit down to meditate. Why at a time like this? 
“Sit! You´ll learn something from this magnificent place. You´d learn that you can be one with its plethora of resources,” Uriel responds. “This is what remains of a paradise long forgotten by its people. This is where it all began. This is the magical kingdom you call Earth.”
 Pretty deep statement coming from an alien whose emotions are not his strong point. The guy truly values this world, our people and everything in it. Now, why is it that my people, Earthlings, don´t think the same? Why is it that something like this has to happen for people to react? The world looks like it´s about to end and it may be too late. 
We take so many things for granted. A couple of days back I despised most of the people at Angel Cruz High ad now that´s the only life I want to get back to. He´s right, the alien, this place is a paradise. Not only that…it´s a masterpiece. I observe the surrounding jungle and realize, it´s truly breathtaking. I´m at a loss for words. I hope something can be done to keep this place…alive. The vegetation is etched, almost like a beautiful ad priceless monument. Here, in this place, I feel alive. I feel so alive! Everything around me is moving at a much slower pace as the scenery captivates me. I could lose this place! Not only that, I could lose everything I have. I could be left without a place to call home. And all because of the evil Android 66 and his evil minions. 
Uriel makes his way back to the tunnel but before he enters he asks, “Aren´t you coming?”
 I thought I had to stay up here,” I respond as I look at Azrael. “With him.”
“I want to show you something,” Uriel tells me. 
And curiosity makes me follow. I want to know…I want to see the object in question. What is the Reset 1313? What does it look like? And who knows…maybe I´ll be down there when they find the Library of Souls. Honestly, I want to be down there when they do uncover it. It should make for a historical moment.
As soon as we make our descent, we´re met up with Ariel and Michael.
“Azrael´s going to need your help soon,” the Arc tells them. 
“We´re on it,” Michael responds. 
And Ariel´s only gesture, a smile. They are truly remarkable individuals. 
“Wish us luck!” she says.
“I don´t think you´ll be needing any,” I respond. 
I saw what she did. I saw how she moved. I saw how she fought. She may look like a little girl but she sure knows how to fight. 
“Thank you!” she says. “I´ll take that as a compliment.” 
“A compliment indeed,” I respond as they make their way to the surface. I follow Uriel through the seemingly vacant and lonely corridors. We meet up with Raphael and Gabriel as they are hard at work. 
“You brought him back. Why did you?” Gabriel says. 
He bothers me and that´s about the only thing he´s good at. I pretend I didn´t hear anything. I ignore him as I hope he goes away. But I know he won´t, at least not right now. 
Looks like Raphael, the genius Arc, is still trying to decipher the hidden passages. He is desperately trying to find the Library of Souls, I suppose. He looks excited so I´m guessing he´s about to crack the code. He looks like…such a loner. He looks more like a science geek than anything. I guess he´s a genius and an eccentric which would probably make him…difficult to talk to. And the mysterious Gabriel looks cautiously for some type, any type of opening that will lead him to the Library of Souls. He was in my dream. He was there. I know I didn´t make it up. But why didn´t he help Gustav? Why hasn´t he? He could´ve just…helped him, given him at least a hint. Sanity´s desperate for clues. And who wouldn´t be? He´s been locked in his world for a couple of years now while his body lay in some hospital room, somewhere in California. 
Uriel takes me to a rock and on top I see a tiny device. 
“This is…the Reset 1313 device,” the traveler says. 
First thing I think is that it´s so small. That thing…can incinerate an entire world? I inspect it thoroughly and then try to touch it.
“I wouldn´t do that if I were you,” Uriel warns. “That´s one powerful weapon, one of the most powerful weapons in the cosmos.”
Its outlining symbols are amazing and so intricately etched. It´s colors are brilliant. Wow! The only word I could find to describe the incredible device, “Awesome!”
“The Nephartu left this device here eons ago. They strategically placed them in key points of our universe. They hid them from the darkness, the darkness in our universe,” Uriel explains. “There are thirteen of these devices in existence.” 
“So this is the kill switch! Using it, everything goes boom!” I respond. 
“Yes, exactly. It can annihilate every living species on any given planet. All for the sake of light,” he responds. 
“I get it now. The most important thing, element…is light!” I respond. “Without it, everything else dies.” 
Makes sense! In order for anything to survive it has to have light. It´s key for anything and everything to live. Uriel takes the objet d'art and gives it to Gabriel for safekeeping. And I…truly think it´s in the wrong hands. 
“I´ve got it! I´ve got it!” 
It´s Raphael as he jumps for joy. He seems to be very excited. And I think it´s about time. Raphael´s found the artifact. It´s in our possession now, the good guys have got it. They begin to pass the article around as they admire its beauty and significance, I guess. Judging from the way they look at it, I think neither of the three has seen anything like it…before. It´s gotta be a very powerful instrument. But what does it do? The Arcs told me about the Reset 1313 but not about the Library of Souls, at least, they weren´t clear. Why? How does it really work? What gives it all its power? It looks to be sacred to the Arcs and, I would imagine, for all of the other…advanced species scattered throughout the universe. 
“Uriel, Raphael, seal off the entrance…and take him with you,” Gabriel orders them. 
I do have a name! 
We run towards the entrance of the cave and up to the others. When we get there, the other Arcs are looking up towards the sky as a large shadow hangs over them, over all of us. The Earth begins to shake violently. It rattles making it very difficult for any of us to move. The forest is getting darker as the object overhead must be…enormous. It´s getting windier as the trees are moving from side to side. The breeze is getting louder, I could swear it´s howling. 
I look up and there it is, the Aries Attila. I recognize it anywhere. Android 66…is here. His craft has covered a very big patch of land. It hovers motionless in the sky overhead. 
“Back into the tunnel,” Uriel tells me. 
“I´m not going anywhere!” I respond. 
I´ve backed down from everything in my life. I´ve had people protect me from whatever problem I may have had. Not this time! This is what I´m supposed to do! This is why I´m here! This is what I was meant for! I´m not leaving! 
“I´m staying with you guys! You´re going to need me! It´s not your fight alone! It´s ours!” I respond. 
Chapter 14
We wait as Android 66´s Aries Attila hovers over us. It´s very dark and the Arcs have elected to meditate before their encounter. Azrael´s wearing his armor as his emblem is noticeably on his left shoulder. I´m not exactly sure what meditation will do for them. I guess, maybe we´re not on the same frequency.
“We need to be one with our surroundings,” Uriel tells me. “Come, sit with us. Meditation will help ease your body and soul. It will help you focus…on the enemy.”
I sit down and try to do the same but I guess it´s just not my thing. Or it´s not as easy as I first thought. And the Arcs look like they´re enjoying it, completely! It´s no use, I´m nothing like them. I can´t concentrate enough. I´ll never be like them!
They all get up and begin to warm up with their fire-swords. They are so quick with their moves. They are so agile and acrobatic. Where are these guys from again? Oh. Yes, I almost forgot. They´re from Xibalba.
“They were newer models back then, at the beginning,” Uriel says. 
“You mean the android and his sister, right?” I ask.
“Exactly, the Creator was very careful that they did not malfunction. They were more advanced in their circuitry and technology than the other beings. So the Creator was a bit more delicate when they were created,” he adds. “They started out almost like children.”
“So they were children at the beginning?” I ask.
“Precisely! Young and underdeveloped!” he responds. “The Creator made…modifications to make them…invincible, indestructible.”
So they can´t be defeated! Now what? What do we do now? I´m not going to go without a fight. I´m not going to just hand my home world over on a plate! 
“The Creator loved and still does, to create sounds, melodies, almost like a songwriter. The Creator used various tones to help the robots become finely engineered and tuned machines. The proceedings helped their muscular structure adapt and adjust to their bodies and their ever changing atmosphere around them. They adapted to their growth patterns,” the alien says. 
This is a rather strange tale. And this Creator person, pretty unique and intriguing. I wonder what he´s like? Wonder if I´ll ever meet him? 
“The android´s favorite tune at the time was one that the Creator sang repeatedly almost like a lullaby. The name of the song was Lives Inside of Me. The android sat in the Creator´s workshop for years upon years. He recited that very song over and over again. He was sick then, now he´s…a psychotic maniac!” Uriel explains. 
I guess that shouldn´t be a surprise for me. What would I have expected? The evil android´s always been crazy.
“And what about Lucy-4?” I ask. “What´s her story?”
“She was very quiet and tranquil at one point in her life. She enjoyed and spent a lot of her time with her maker. She was very curious as she asked a lot of questions. Among her curiosities were the cosmos, her existence and why she was different from us. She wanted to know what her purpose was, her function,” the traveler tells me. “She enjoyed stargazing as she held the Creator´s hand. But she too began to malfunction, much like her brother. At first, the crimson android was stricken with the deadly and infectious techno-virus which she would later encompass since they were both connected to the same conditioning system.” 
Uriel looks upset, saddened even. He must´ve been very close to the two. It sounds like it´s very difficult for him to talk about them. He pauses and then looks away and up at the craft above us. I think he doesn´t want me to see him all choked up. 
“Lucy-4 has the synthetic heart and internal organs that any living being would die for. At first she was very giving. She sought to help whoever she could…whenever she could but her feverish symptoms only got worse. We lost her as her internal components began to deteriorate. I lost a sister and the Creator, a daughter. The Creator could have done something sooner if she would´ve let him know…but she didn´t. She didn´t want to worry her maker. She thought it only as part of her growth process. She thought her pain would subside and it didn´t, it never did. And she left us, our home, our kingdom…to be with him,” Uriel explains. “Our malicious and evil brother, Android 66.”
Truly a sad story. Poor guy! I wouldn´t want to lose a sister in that manner. I wouldn´t want to lose a sister, period! I don´t know what I´d do without Zada or Jianna.
“Every nerve-ending, every tissue has been tainted with the deadly techno-virus. Their dark realm has endured many…many lifetimes,” he adds.
“If it´s a virus, then it can be cured,” I say. “Both of them can be cured.”
“You´re wrong! I lost that hope a long time ago. There´s no hope for either of them. They are completely lost. They are no longer part of my family. They are my siblings no more,” Uriel responds. 
What would family life be…well…without family? I can´t fathom the idea. My family members and I are pretty tight. 
I think there´s movement coming from above. I look at the markings on the bottom of the Aries Attila. 
“They´re incredible,” I say as I pause to admire them. “What do they mean?” 
Azrael steps over and says, “Death and destruction to all!”
Never mind! I think I´ll stop the admiration now! And Android 66 is clearly and definitely one sick and twisted individual! 
“Enoch, this is not your fight I suggest you clear out,” Uriel says. 
“Clear out? No way! I`m going to fight too!” I say as I´m angry. 
They want to exclude me from saving Earth. They want to exclude me because I´m not one of them. I´m not part of their team. 
“Android 66 is probably the most dangerous and most powerful entity in the cosmos. You don´t stand a chance against him…or his sister,” the alien tells me. 
And maybe he´s right. Maybe there´s nothing I can do. I´m human after all, even if I do have this suit of armor protecting my body. 
I look at the Arcs and realize that they are…extraterrestrials, even though they do possess humanistic qualities. They are…aliens from another world. 
There`s a deafening sound from above. It´s so loud I have to cover my ears. I´m sure it can be heard throughout the rain forest as well. I can sense a great evil is about to descend upon us. When the supersonic scream subsides, the animals begin to scream uncontrollably. I can hear their echoes as they come from the jungle. They´re going to kill…everything! This is paradise…lost!
A hatch in the bottom of the enormous ship opens. There´s a hole in the middle of the craft. Is the android going to face the Arcs alone or can we expect some uninvited guests? 
“Go now!” Azrael tells me. 
I run as fast as I can but I don´t go too far as I retreat from the scene upset and disappointed. I feel helpless as there´s probably nothing I can do. I run behind a patch of trees as I can see them prepare for what looks to be an epic battle. This is going to get crazy! The only Arc missing is Gabriel and I´m sure he´s going to have to hold on to the Library of Souls. Keep it safe. He´s also got the Reset 1313 device. The Arc´s got a lot of responsibility riding on his shoulders. 
I see seven figures as they stand on the ledges of the opening in the giant spacecraft and then the enemies drop to the ground. They´re definitely not what I was expecting…at all. 
“The Seven Deadly Sins!” Michael says as he goes into full attack mode. They´re females, all of them. And they´re wearing jet black body armored suits. And they just dropped from the sky. The female combatants begin to pace back and forth as they purr like kittens. They stare mercilessly at the Arcs. They look ready to slice the life out of my alien friends with their…claws. 
So...they are like cats. The Arcs begin a sort of ritual, almost like another type of meditation. The deadly women take their swords out of their holographic scabbards on their right hip sockets. Their swords appear from nothing, materializing from their nearly invisible casing. Their swords radiate a sort of electrical current. Their weapons are very difficult to look at because of the highly intense electricity generated from within them. I suppose they want to taunt the Arc and I suppose that the Sins are from some exotic land or world. They look…strange. They drag their swords onto the ground and then up in the air so as to entice the Arcs to come at them. But they, like good warriors, don´t move an inch. They don´t even flinch. They in turn, wait for the Sins to make the first move.  
There are thunderous roars coming from the evil women´s blades. They look like tigers waiting to strike at their prey. My otherworldly friends also look like they are ready for the challenge. Their weapons illuminate their faces as do their eyes. It´s only dark because of that giant ship overhead. Their bodies look intense with energy, so much so that fumes come out of their eye sockets. Each Arc, a distinct color as their eyes are raging with emotion. And then another sinister being drops from the Aries Attila to crash the party. He is noticeably taller and has a very strong and muscular physique. The soil rattles a bit as he must be very heavy. The strange and mysterious markings on his face illuminate with a great concentration. The most noticeable feature on him is his menacing smile. He´s a very terrorizing and intimidating figure. 
“I am here to take what´s rightfully…mine!” he says with his robotic and distorted voice. His image is disturbing, at least to me. He looks very angry and focused. It´s Android 66 and he looks…immoveable. The Arcs take a different stance as they are ready to oppose him at all costs. 
“This is not your land, demon!” Michael says.
“Ah, Michael, should I take another…Arc?” Android 66 responds. “Or should I make one suffer , scar one for life.” He looks straight at Azrael, “What do you think, Azrael? Say, I like those pretty eyes of yours.” 
The huge Arc´s only reaction is that of anger. Not only that, he looks like he wants to rip the android´s head open, I´m sure. Wish I could do something to calm my large friend down. He just doesn´t take his eyes off the mysterious android. 
The crimson android smiles at him again, directly! He seems to be taunting him. I guess he wants him to lose control. The hieroglyphics on Android 66´s face seem to pulsate brighter. He is absolutely infuriating Azrael as the Arc´s muscles are bulging uncontrollably. I don´t think I´ve ever seen someone so angry before. He´s got so much…rage flowing through his body. 
The android comes up to each Sin and whispers something into their ears. Then he stands back and everyone waits. The android blows a kiss in Azrael´s direction. 
“Attack!” the android orders the Sins. They charge my alien friends with their weapons raised. The crimson android steps back as to admire the female warriors and then waltzes towards the mystical city of gold. The blades come crashing against each other. The electrical charges fill the air. The Arcs are immersed in their deadly battle with the females Sins. And there´s nothing anyone can do to halt the android´s progress towards the Lost City, the holding cell for the precious Library of Souls. 
The Arcs have a bit of a disadvantage as there are five of them and seven deadly Sins. Not only that, is Gabriel prepared to stand alone against his fierce attacker, Android 66? 
Though they are lean and comparably thin next to the Arcs, the vixens are well equipped as they are very agile and acrobatic making them much quicker than the Arcs. They pose a very difficult challenge. I´m sure their fantastic sword fight can be felt throughout the wilderness. The electrical charges of energy are flowing into my body and, I think, everything around me. 
The Arcs have activated their beautiful and impenetrable steel-bladed wings. They must give my friends an equilibrium for their much stronger and muscular bodies. They could help them against their much quicker opponents. The seven Sins show no signs of fatigue or wear. They continue to attack the Arcs mercilessly.  
The Arcs look like they´re struggling and doing everything they can because their opponents have a great strength in numbers. I can see everything unfold from the relatively short distance, here behind this tree. It´s obvious they´re having a tough time. And I´m anxious…and nervous at the same time. I don´t know what to do but I have to do something…now. Either I help them…or we die, all of us do, including the Arcs. And I can´t let my world fall into the android´s hands. My greatest weapon, my imagination. I´ve never tried to fight my battles on my own, until I met the Arcs. Everyone else did that for me. That was my life before but this…is now. This is my time! I am ready for whatever comes my way. And this time…there´s no one to protect me. This is my childhood dream. The only dream I´ve ever had. This is where I save the world. This is where I´m given special powers as I face a greater evil head on. I need to find the courage inside of me. Something tells me that I´ve changed but have I really? Or am I the same old Enoch? The guy who has no life? The guy who can´t do things on his own? I left the old Enoch trapped in my basement. I locked him up with lock and chains hoping no one would ever find the keys or ever hear him murmur a word…ever again. I hope no one ever finds him! I´m so not that guy anymore. 
I come out from behind the tree where I was hiding and walk towards the all-out spat. I have a bravado I´ve never felt before. I have an objective to meet. I need to save my planet and everyone and everything on it! I need…to save my loved ones! I need to save…Danica! 
The bow is back in my hands as I reach for it. I walk through the battle and take in everything that´s going on around me. I look down and observe my shadow as I feel like it´s looking back at me. So this is what I´ve become? And is this who I really want to be? Yes, I do! Yes, I do! I´m no longer afraid…of anything. I pull back on the bow and aim an arrow towards one of the female combatants, one of the two that are attacking my friend…Uriel. He´s done so much for me in so little time. 
“Thank you!” I whisper softly.
I let go of the electrically charge arrow and watch its trajectory as it´s slow it seems. And…I missed them…both. I wasn´t able to hit either of the two. But the action is enough to infuriate one of the Sins. It´s enough that she´s coming after me. I try to shoot her six times and nothing. She´s too quick as she dodges every single charge. I stop shooting and run…as fast as I can. She runs faster than a cheetah as she sprints at an incredible speed. I look back to see how far behind me she is…and she purrs. She looks vicious as she shows me her razor sharp teeth. She scares me…she really does. Now my life is the only thing at stake. She sounds like an evil cat as she´s right behind me. 
Things have gone from bad to worse as another Sin has decided to pursue me as well. Let me see, I´m not an Arc and the warriors are fighting one a piece. And I´ve got two of them on my tail. Great! Just great! Well, at least I did my job! I´ve done enough to distract two of the Sins to come after me. I have persuaded them enough so that the numbers are changed. It gives the Arcs the opportunity of a fair fight. But now…what do I do? The two evil females are behind me charging at me with all of their savage rage. 
And then I see a dragonfly as it flies right by me. I can see it in all its detail. And then I too am in flight. I lift myself off the ground as I feel…free. It´s such an incredible experience as it always is. But the Sins haven´t slowed down one bit. They are still following me and they look like they´re not going to stop either. I reach for my bow again as it´s difficult to keep still. I aim at one of the Sins as I can´t keep it steady. So I do what anyone else would do. I close my eyes…and shoot! 
I hear one of the Sins scream relentlessly as it makes me open my eyes. I look down and realize, I got one! The shot stops her in her tracks. She´s in clear agony. Her pain looks…unbearable. The other Sin gathers around the injured female combatant and snarls at me. I think I got the Sin…very, very angry. And I think I mortally struck the other Sin as she screams in great pain. She seems extremely irritated and then her body vanishes. It slowly withers away as her body turns to dust and ashes. 
Yeah! I did it! I got one! I killed a deadly Sin! And then I realize, this isn´t exactly over. I look down and there she is, the other one. If she wasn´t angry before, she sure is now. She looks like the only thing she wants to do…is kill me. Her mouth is foaming from the rage. She pursues me with all her vigor as she climbs the surrounding trees at an incredible speed. She takes swats at me as I maneuver wildly to avoid the shots. Then she goes to the ground and calls me down. She challenges me to land on the earth.
“Come on…stranger!” she says as her voice sounds almost cat-like. 
She swings her sword as she taunts me. I´m not going down there…with this. This bow and arrow won´t do me any good against that psycho bitch. I need something good…something great. I´m going to use what the Arcs use, I like their weapons. I fly down and away from the Sin. Far enough to give me some time. I pull out the fiery sword and wait for her as she charges at me mightily. She runs so fast I can hardly tell if she´s running like a human or on all fours like a cat. She slows down a bit and then we crash into each other. Our swords clash and all I hear is thunder. The lights from our swords are blinding. And she is…very strong. Stronger than I thought. And quick too.
I shouldn´t have come down. The Arcs are having a difficult time so what makes me think I can do any better? This was a stupid idea. Stupid! Stupid! Stupid! A helmet pops over my head and now I feel like…a knight. At least it´ll give me more protection. The girl I´m fighting is a savage. She doesn´t stop and I don´t know how much longer I can hold up. 
Her eyes are wide open and wicked. She´s got cat eyes. And her teeth look like they´re razor sharp. The worst thing about her is when she gets up close. Her breath stinks! I don´t know what´s going to knock me out first, her blade or her disgusting breath! 
I´ve been able to hold her off longer than I thought. But it hasn´t been easy. She´s very agile and acrobatic and her movements sometimes confuse me. One minute she´s in front of me and then she flips and lands behind me. I´m very careful because all her moving around makes me somewhat disoriented. Defense! Defense! Defense! That´s all I´m doing. I´m fighting…to stay alive. 
It starts to rain again and the water´s bothering me. The rainfall´s not letting me see clearly. And this Sin is not letting up. She´s going on strong as the ground begins to moisten. I have to be careful. One slip up and I´m dead. And I´m sure she´s like that very much. 
And then I do fall…onto the ground. Onto a puddle of water. I´m so dead! I run away from her as best as I can. I look back and there she is as she stands right over me. She raises her sword. She´s got me! Goodbye world! Goodbye Danica! Goodbye…everything! 
She swings her sword forward and I move out of the way at the last second. It hits the ground and stays stuck. And I see my window of opportunity as I strike her in chest area. Her screams are almost like screeches. They´re very difficult to take. My eardrums feel like they´re going to explode. And then she withers away into the muddy water. Yes! I did it! Time for me to get back to the others. I fly back as quickly as I can. And up ahead in the distance, I see the clashes of fire and lightning. There are booming noises coming from their vicinity. The flow of fire and electricity is very strong. I zoom right over them and I see them all as the fight rages on. I look over at Azrael as he uses his steel-bladed wings to his advantage. The bulky Arc makes an acrobatic turn in the air that clips his Sin opponent in the shoulder. The action catches his female adversary by surprise as he lands right behind her. She reaches over to her shoulder and touches the nearly black blood. The steel-bladed wing seems to have gotten her dizzy. I don´t think she knows where she´s at. The large Arc lands behind her as he strikes her again. He slices her…in half. Wow! Now that was disgusting! Her insides…they´re all black. Looks like oil gushing from an oil field. Yuck! Both parts of her lie there…in convulsions until she eventually disappears. Azrael looks at his blade again. He literally turns off the fire and wipes away the black remains of the Sin. 
He did it! He did it! He crushed his opponent! Way to go Azrael! Now it´s five on four in our favor. I´m not going to count myself. 
The big Arc pauses for some seconds after and looks at his fellow Arcs. What´s he doing? Isn´t he going to help them? He´s just standing there as he puts away his weapon. Why isn´t he trying to help the others? What´d they do to him? He looks up at me and salutes me. I would imagine he´s thanking me or something. He clenches his fists in a furious tirade and then runs towards the underground site. 
“Wait!” I yell. 
I hope he didn´t salute me for the last time. I hope he didn´t just say goodbye. Somehow, I knew he would do that. I´ve got to help the Arcs finish this fight once and for all. 
“No, don´t do it! He´ll kill you!” Michael screams as Azrael enters the underground tunnel. 
Who can blame Azrael? After all, he was left permanently scarred by the evil android. But I´m worried about him. I mean, I know he can take care of himself and he is a rather big fellow but the android, now he does scare me, completely. 
The big bulky Arc never even looked back. He never bothered to think about his brothers. I think he´s flipped his lid. He couldn´t resist. He´s going to kill or be killed, that´s for sure. And Michael, Raphael, Ariel and Uriel have no choice but to continue their fight with the deadly female assassins. But three of them are gone, so I hope it ends quickly so that the other Arcs can help Azrael in his fight with the crazed lunatic, Android 66.
Michael takes matters into his own hands as he clocks his female opponent with his fist leaving her nose bloodied. It looks as if his muscles are growing and expanding. He looks like a man on a mission. He handles his blade like a true swordsman as he takes his sword and rams it into her torso. 
“Take this!” he says as he gets right in her face. Her body begins to convulse as black blood comes out from her eye sockets. Now that was gross! And just like that, she´s gone. Four out and three to go. At first I thought Michael´s sword was like the others, I thought it was part of his emblem for the magic it possesses. But then I realized, it´s his soul, it´s the true source of the sword´s fire and magnitude. He looks to be in complete control as he seems to grow more powerful as the fight goes on. From what I´ve seen thus far, he is definitely the most dominant of the Arcs. He´s truly a potent warrior. Michael then goes after the other Sins. I assume the first one he runs into. And there he finds her as Raphael´s not much of a fighter. Michael´s body collides with hers as he knocks her to the ground. He grabs her by the neck but she quickly gets up again…like a cat. She runs at him with all her speed as he grabs her and throws her to the floor once again. He takes his fire-sword and slices her right in half just as she tries to get up again. I´ve never seen anyone fight like that, ever. He´s extremely strong and has unusual and exceptional fighting skills. His skills are unmatched as he´s given the Arcs an advantage as he lets out a booming battle cry in his victory over his latest victim. Five out, two to go! Then I look to my left and Ariel clobbered her victim with her sword as it´s stuck to the ground. It takes her some seconds but she´s able to take it out from the earth, finally. Six out, one to go! But where´s Uriel? Where´d he run off to? And then we find him in the jungle not too far off. He looks…exhausted! But it looks like he´s got an edge on the female combatant he´s fighting. The strange and unusual vixen makes one final attempt to defeat him as she leaps over Uriel´s body. I throw down my sword and take out my bow. I aim t back and ready the electrically-charged arrow. The ruthless Sin is behind my alien friend. She takes her blade and strikes. He ducks down and slices her right in half. This is amazing! My adrenaline is kicking in overtime. I run over to where he is and the evil Sin stares up at me and purrs before she finally withers away. Seven out! 
Our time is quickly running out. The android´s in that cave and so are Azrael and Gabriel. My thoughts turn to Azrael as I really don´t want anything to happen to him. He´s a good guy. Okay, so he looks like a monster, but deep inside…he´s very human. Well, in an alien sort of way. He´s the type of guy who really grows on you. 
We run towards the tunnel and before I enter I look up above at the Aries Attila as it hovers over the campsite. Is this my lasting image of my last days on Earth? Death and Destruction to All, I can´t read the symbols but that that´s what it says. And there it is just above me. 
“Come on! What are you waiting for?” Ariel tells me as she grabs me by the arm and pulls me into the tunnel. 
“Nothing really,” I respond. 
“What does Uriel see in you?” she says. 
“What are you talking about?” I ask. 
“I mean, what made him give you one of…these?” she responds as she touches the emblem on my armored suit. 
She´s right! Why do I have one of these things? Why did he give me this shield? Is this part of my destiny? Or did he make a mistake? Yeah, I´ve changed but I really haven´t done anything…spectacular.
“I have…no idea!” I respond. “He just said I was different, that´s all.” 
She looks me straight in the face and smiles. 
“You´ve got to be. None of us are allowed to do what he did. The emblems are only for our kind, the Arcs,” she responds. “The Creator would probably strike you down if the Creator saw you with…that,” she adds as she begins to laugh. 
I don´t find that funny at all. Okay, the Creator´s gotta be someone or something…very powerful. It wouldn´t be cool if someone…or something struck me down and killed me. I guess I don´t rub Ariel the right way, even if she does look like she´s twelve. I thought I did, but apparently…I was wrong. 
We split up into three teams. Uriel and Raphael go one route, Michael by himself and Ariel and I another. The Lost City is a pretty big place with all its corridors and all. Ariel looks Scandinavian to me with her light skin and blonde hair. 
“Who is the Creator anyway?” I ask. 
“I can´t tell and I´m not going to anyway,” she responds as she sticks out her tongue at me. Great, what´d the Arcs do, clone a younger version of Danica? I men, did she have to do that? Stick out her tongue like that? What a little baby! 
“Why can´t you tell me?” I ask. 
“That´s just the way it goes! Sorry bub! So stop asking me silly questions!” she responds. 
I didn´t think it was silly at all. It was a legitimate question. 
And we look in front of us and there´s a light up ahead. And I hope we find… What do I hope we find? Android 66? Azrael? Gabriel even? 
Right now, any of them will do. The one that I worry about the most…Azrael! So I really hope it´s him. As we get closer I hear what sounds like a scuffle. Who can it be? Ariel and I run towards the action at full force until we get to the clearing. And then, there they are, right in front of us. It´s Azrael and Android 66, the unstoppable force versus the immoveable object! I´m sure this is going to be a fight to remember. One of them has got to come out standing and I really hope it´s Azrael. 
Chapter 15
I have a better look at Android 66 as he is very…interesting looking. He´s a very strange and attractive being. The hieroglyphics on his face are mesmerizing. Whoever built that thing is an expert craftsman for sure. The outlines on his suit of armor have become very brilliant. The symbols on his face seem to illuminate everything around him. At least it looks that way. He looks like a maniac as he seems to tighten his muscular body. Azrael begins to walk in circles around the evil android. Android 66 wants the more aggressive Arc to come at him. Azrael takes out his fire-sword. he looks like a true warrior. 
“You are mine as well as the artifact. Come back to me!” Android 66 tells him. 
“I can´t do that!” the Arc responds. 
“Then you…shall die!” the android says as he pulls out a rather particular sword. 
It looks almost like the Arcs swords, yet it looks as if it has spikes coming from every angle. It almost looks like a chainsaw except it´s lit with fire. And then he laughs in a rather diabolic and distorted tone. Azrael looks stressed as his bulging biceps are at an all-time high. His only fuel…rage. He looks fiercely at the crimson android. His eyes are blood shot red from the intense anger, I suppose. The red mist from his eyes is everywhere. He looks like he´s ready for some payback. His movements are intensifying as he draws closer to his sworn enemy. 
“I would think twice if I were you,” the evil android tells him. 
“the only thing I´m going to do is smash your head in,” Azrael responds. “I´ve waited a long time for this! Today you die!” 
“I´m going to give you another chance…to think this over!” Android 66 says. 
“There´s nothing to think about!” the Arc responds. 
He looks at the android with the ferocity of a saber-toothed tiger. And then their swords clash. They use their strength to gain an advantage on one another. It´s a fearsome beginning to what looks as though, an epic battle. 
“Not nice! After all I did for you!” the android says.
“You mean the scars? You beast!” Azrael responds. 
The Arc looks like he´s raging…on steroids. 
“This is our final fight, you demon! I have spent many lifetimes training. Waiting as patiently as I can for this very day. You will not escape me and you will not see the light of day! You will die!” he adds as his voice grows stronger. 
Their swords clash again as they put on a dazzling display of fire. The android´s face shows no expression, absolutely none. He looks like a towering inferno as he´s much bigger than his smaller Arc opponent. They stop and look at each other…again. They´ve got bad blood against each other…really bad blood. And then Azrael charges the android with all his might. The swords from their swords are almost deafening. He knocks the android´s sword to the ground. He did it! He´s got him! Android 66´s only reaction is more laughter. Sick and demented soul! The Arc takes his sword and looks as if he´s going to do it. He´s going to strike him down. It´s all over, I think. Thank you! Finally!
And before he does, the android disappears. Just like that, he´s gone. Where´d he go? And he can´t be using the same tech Uriel does. He would´ve already been detected by Azrael. So then…where´d he go? Azrael moves around cautiously. Cautiously because he knows the android can be…anywhere. 
“I ask you again…brother, are you sure you want to do this…again? I nearly killed you the last time. And this time…I will,” he says as I can hear his voice but I can´t see the maniacal android. 
“You are not my brother. We lost you eons ago!” Azrael responds. “And yes, I am sure!” 
Someone or something knocks Azrael´s sword away from him. And then, he appears again, the android as he cracks his knuckles and stretches his muscles. He´s ready to go at it with bare knuckles. And then Ariel flies in as the only thing the android does is swat her away and knock her against a wall. She´s unconscious and passed out but she did what she could. The android´s just too strong. I rush over to her to protect her or to do whatever I can. I check her pulse. 
“Is she okay?” Azrael asks. 
“Yeah, she´s fine!” I respond. 
“A human…Arc! What a surprise!” Android 66 says as he sees me. 
“Enoch, grab Ariel and get out of here, now!” Azrael commands me. “This is neither the right place nor the correct time!” 
“Please, let me help!” I plead with him. 
“You´ve done enough. Now go!” the Arc responds. 
I walk out with the injured Ariel. I carry her out. But I don´t go…too far. As soon as  walk out, I look back and watch as Azrael charges the demonic android. The finally come to blows as the Arc punches him over and over again. Pow! Pow! Punch! The android´s face is almost like rubber. It´s as if Azrael´s fist bounces off the android´s face and body. It´s almost painful to watch as the Arc explodes in a frenzy of punches. And there is no retaliation from Android 66. But why? 
Azrael´s beginning to sweat profusely. I can even hear his heavy breathing. I think my friend´s grown…tired. That´s not good! His own strength has consumed his body. And Android 66…is still there. He doesn´t look a bit tired. He´s going to…destroy him! 
“Help! Anyone! Someone do something!” I scream. 
Azrael looks out of it. He falls to his knees. He can´t take anymore. 
“Wake up! Wake up!” I tell Ariel as she lay unconscious. I just hope she wakes up but she doesn´t respond. 
I look back at my friend as he´s clearly had enough. Android 66 looks over him and he grabs him by the hair. E almost makes him look like a puppet. 
“I wanted you to be one of us! I wanted you to be part of my world…my vision,” he says as he leans over. 
Azrael spits out blood. But how? The android didn´t even touch the Arc. I can´t stand to watch as the bulky Arc is clearly and definitively out of it. Could the android have done something to Azrael while I wasn´t looking? He was invisible for some seconds. And Azrael´s bleeding from who knows what. 
“My favorite Earth song, do you remember it?” the android asks. 
Azrael´s barely got the strength to speak but he responds away, “Requiem!” 
“You remind me of its creator, its composer. Ah, yes, Mozart, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. A wonderful musician. A child prodigy filled with so much life and energy. I once tried to convince him too. I wanted to give him…immortality,” the android explains. 
He loks at Azrael with teeth clenched and pulls his head backwards. 
“He ignored e. he disregarded me and all that I was…was fond of his music. I wanted him to live…forever. But he refused!” the android tells him. “There will never be another like him…never.” 
He lets go of the Arc´s long hair. He gets in front of Azrael´s tired and exhausted body. He grabs his chin and slaps his face…so hard. He then hits the Arc over and over again with all his fury. He punches him in the face as drops of blood fall from his nose and mouth. Although Azrael´s a warrior, he looks like he´s had enough. He can´t take much more pain. His eyes tell me everything as they are worn and very tired. 
Android 66´s last strike, a flick of the wrist as the battered Arc falls flat on his face.
“No!” I yell hoping someone will hear me but it only catches the attention of the evil Android 66. 
The deadly android laughs again and then he picks Azrael off the floor again and blows air in his face as he lets his body hit the ground yet again. 
“You made me do this brother. I didn´t want this to happen. You have known from the last time…that you were no match for me! I am a greater power than you´ll ever be. You are weak and pathetic,” he says with his raspy voice. 
He´s killed him! He´s even humiliated him! I´ve got to get to the others, the other Arcs. I hope one of them can put the android in his place. The evil android´s armor is brighter now than before. He then looks over at me and flexes his muscles to scare me. It worked! He did! Then he ignores me and the young female Arc completely and walks in another direction. We´re no match for him and he knows it. He walks away from us as he searches for the Library of Souls. Okay, Gabriel´s not exactly my favorite person in the world, but my home is riding on his shoulders now! He better watch himself. The fate of the world rides in Gabriel´s hands. 
Ariel finally wakes up when the android leaves and we gather around the fallen Arc´s body. Poor guy! Let me check his pule. He could still be alive even though I doubt it very much. He suffered through so much. I thought the fight would be evenly matched…but I was wrong. It was one-sided all the way. And the scars on the Ac´s face…they do him no justice. He was a down right nice guy. This is probably the saddest moment in my adolescent life. I´m not happy about this…one bit. He showed his true colors and I´ll always remember him as my friend…a very dear friend, even if our friendship lasted only for a short time, a very short time. I´m proud to have known him. The floors and walls begin to rattle then shake violently. Something´s happening underneath…to Earth. This doesn´t feel like a normal earthquake. It feels like something much stronger. The world makes a strange noise from within. It almost sounds like…it´s crying. It sounds like it´s calling out for mercy. 
“What is that?” I ask Ariel. 
“Your world…it´s dying. Your world´s had enough. We all knew this day would come sooner or later,” she responds. “Evil seeds! They´ve been activated. They´re like weeds only they grow from deep within a world´s core.”
“Evil seeds?” I ask.
This is too much for me. the good guys, the bad guys and now evil seeds?
“Brother, you did not die in vain,” Ariel says as she looks over the fallen Arc.
Uriel and Raphael have arrived, finally. They too look saddened by the death of the Arc. The three of them place their hands over Azrael´s heart as they begin a strange and interesting ritual. It´s s if they consume his body´s remaining energy. 
“Everyone, stand back,” Uriel says. “His soul´s been liberated!” 
And then they stand up and back away from the Arc´s body lying on the ground. A light begins to rise out of his body as it looks like his body´s final resting place is here…beneath the ground in the Lost City of Gold. I reach up for the light source as I can feel it. I can sense it looking right at me. It looks as if it´s trying to tell me something. 
“Say your goodbyes,” Raphael tells us.
And I will. I appreciate the time I shared…with my friend. Even if he was from another world, he was a very good guy in a lot of pain. Goodbye my friend! May you rest in peace, always. 
“Valhalla is with you. You have been set…free,” Uriel says as we all gather around to pay our respects to our fallen comrade. 
Even though I only knew him for a short time, he became my friend. And I don´t know why I´m angry all of a sudden. I went from sadness to anger as I can´t control my emotions. I run towards the direction in which I last saw the android go in. 
“Enoch, wait!” I hear Uriel yell. “He´ll kill you!”
And what if he does? So be it! The android´s killed one of my friends. My only motivation, revenge.  
The ground under me is trembling more and more by the minute. It´s getting hard for me to run at the speed I´d like. I see a light in the distance and I run towards it. I never imagined that this city would be so big. It´s got intricate passageways everywhere. The people that built this city were geniuses.
I finally get to the opening…and there he is, standing there. The android´s in the same proximity as Gabriel. Android 66 looks hungry, thirsty for the powerful object the Arc´s holding. His rope-like muscles begin to bulge more as they look to be fueled by, what looks to be, his anger. His crimson armor´s more attractive than I´ve ever seen before. 
“Give it to me!” the android asks of Gabriel. 
He reaches his arm out towards the Arc as I think he´s using some sort of telekinesis to get what he wants. 
“Gabriel it´s not yours anymore. It´s mine now!” he adds as Gabriel´s body is noticeably tense. I don´t think he can move at all. The android must be using some sort of mind trick to control the Arc and his body movements. The Library of Souls begins to float freely into the air. I´m not going to let him take it! I run at him at full speed. Whack! And he just throws me o the side. He´s powerful! Very powerful! I hit the wall as I think I hurt my back. 
“Silly human! What are you doing here? This is no place for an Earthling,” the android says as the artifact lands safely into his hands. 
It´s his now. He´s in complete control. Its limitless power is his. He´s one of the bad guys! I get up and try again but this time I take out my bow and fire away. And nothing! He smashes each one and smiles! 
“You can die before your time if you´d like,” the android says. “I can see to it that you do.”
This is just pure insanity! I can´t do anything. Gabriel´s defenseless as he can´t even move a muscle. The Arc wasn´t able to keep the object from falling into his opponent´s hands and he practically did nothing to stop him either. I don´t get it! I´ll admit he´s no match for the crazed and maniacal android but he could´ve done something at least. I still don´t buy into that mysterious Arc. I just don´t know why. Something´s not right about him. 
I think I´m dizzy or is it my imagination? I think the ground is moving…upwards. How´s that even possible? And we´re rising slowly as I think I hear…an engine? This thing´s got an engine? None of us can barely move as it ascends faster. I don´t think this is a city after all. I think it´s a spaceship. It must´ve landed here a very long time ago. And all this time…everyone thought it was the Lost City when it was really a giant vessel from another world. That´s probably why its people worshipped it all those years. They must´ve seen it land here from just above the rain forest all those years ago. The tribe must´ve thought this spacecraft was sent to them from the heavens above. 
The ship seems to have shifted its course as we´ve slowed down. Everyone in the room is able to move freely again. And then I hear like something´s dying. It´s getting louder. Uriel, Raphael and Ariel enter the rather large room. 
“Earth is dying!” Uriel says. “And there´s nothing we can do!” 
Its moans are strong and loud. All hell´s breaking loose from under us, literally. Then a familiar face shows himself, Michael. I don´t think he knows what happened, the Library of Souls Azrael.
He´s the same guy who saved Azrael from getting killed…the first time. He looks around at everyone and I guess he realizes one of us is missing.
“Where´s Azrael?” he asks.
“The beast took his life,” Ariel says as the android has disappeared. 
“When I find him, I´ll kill him!” Michael says as he´s clearly shaken up. “I´m so…angry!”
“Not only that. He´s got the Library of Souls!” Ariel says.
I think that made Michael even angrier. He comes up to Gabriel and looks at him straight in the face. His eyes are growing brightly with intensity. He grabs his throat and says, “You just let him walk off…with the Library of Souls?”
 He pauses and adds, “What´s wrong with you?” He has Gabriel up against a wall. “I should kill you too!” 
“He was just too strong!” Gabriel says as he can barely speak. “There´s nothing you can do now! None of us can!” 
Michael lets go of Gabriel´s neck as he nearly chokes him and the mysterious Arc falls to the floor from the pain. 
“I´ll deal with you later!” Michael says as he walks away from Gabriel and looks at us with an intensity I´ve never felt before. He´s different. He´s got…more light in him.
“He takes my brother and then the Creator´s quadrant? I won´t let him! He has to be stopped!” Michael adds
The Arc dashes out of the chamber we´re in as everyone tries to restrain him he looks like he´s possessed. He looks as if he´s going to tear the android apart. 
“Let me go!” he says as none of us can stop him. 
He remarkably strong. We go after him and he, in turn, goes after the android. And there he is, just our luck. And he seems distracted. Unfocussed by the majesty of the omnipotent object in his hands, I suppose. And he seems to have found a way to open it as a beautiful melody comes on. A tiny bright light shines on the android´s face as it opens completely. There´s a long smile on his face. I wonder what he sees inside the Library of Souls? What is he looking at? What could he be looking at? It´s almost like a little box. What does it have inside? 
The light becomes stronger, more potent and then… Wham! Michael hits his opponent as he lands his fist on the android´s chin. The blow is so powerful that the precious artifact falls to the ground. Android 66 reaches for the powerful ark as he too falls to the floor then another punch while he´s on the floor. Damn! That must´ve hurt big time! 
“Get up demon!” Michael says. “I have a score to settle with you!”
The android gets up as he looks very angry. Then yet another hit is delivered, this time to his cheekbone. The object has been tossed away from them both. Michael looks at it and says, “I´m not letting you take that!”
He continues his barrage of punches until he knocks the crimson dark lord to the ground again. His punches are so powerful that the vibrations crack some of the walls. I thought Michael was strong but I was wrong…he´s extremely  powerful. 
Android 66 gets up off the ground as he wipes the blood, or whatever it is, from his face. And then he laughs. It´s a despicable laughter that echoes off the walls. It´s so irritating I have to cover my ears. The Lost City feels like it´s moving even faster now. I see Gabriel and the way he looks at the priceless artifact on the floor. It´s very near to him. 
“Pick it up!” I yell with attitude. 
He reaches down to grab it but not with much confidence. And the Earth below is screaming rampantly as its moans are getting louder. It sounds as if it´s stricken with a virus or a disease of some sort. It´s in a lot of pain. 
“I´ve got it! I´ve…got it!” Gabriel says as he holds the article with both hands. 
“Give it to me…you fool!” Android 66 tells Gabriel as Michael continues his vicious assault on the robot. And I still…don´t trust him. Gabriel´s dark…for some reason. And I think the Arcs are somewhat suspicious of him as well. 
“I´ll never give you…this,” Gabriel responds as he looks at the article with envy and greed, at least, that´s what it seems like by the look on his face. 
And there goes the Earth again as its pain is undeniable. How much more can it take? 
“Enoch, the Earth…it´s dying. The evil seeds have taken hold of your planet,” Uriel says. “Your world will not survive and we cannot deny any living world that suffering. We have no other choice my friend.” 
I don´t think I´m going to like what comes out of his mouth next. I have a great feeling it´s over…it´s all over. Uriel looks over at Gabriel…and he doesn´t look too happy. 
“It´s time!” Uriel tells his fellow comrade. “The Reset 1313, restart its natural process. Pull the trigger.”
The Arcs are looking at me kind of strange as Gabriel pulls the device from his pocket. 
“No, what are you doing?” I scream. “Michael´s almost defeated the android. There´s no need…to kill us all. We´ve won!”
Everything goes silent as I can´t hear a thing or maybe I don´t want to. 
“We have no other choice,” Uriel says. 
He nods to Gabriel and he in turn nods back. He pulls the trigger gently and initiates its mechanism. The damage is done and now it seems that the Earth´s on fire. The Earth is grumbling from underneath the floating metropolis. 
It´s over! It´s all over! I´ve lost everything! I lost my family! I lost my friends! I lost my future! I lost my world! And all this time, Michael and the android are still at it. They clash with one another as their raging biceps grow larger and larger. But I think Michael´s still got the upper hand. Their punches seem to be burning one another. I´ve never seen two such powerful beings. It´s incredible they haven´t pulled each other´s heads off. And only one can be the victor. 
Then Michael dos something strange with his hands. It´s so quick it´s barely noticeable. I couldn´t even place the movement. He looks like he gained an extra boost of energy. I guess he did something to his soul because it looks as it´s coming from within his body. 
Michael begins to wear out his opponent as e´s gotten even faster. His movements are lightning quick. He´s just too quick for the evil android. 
Android 66 falls to his knees. He seems helpless and much too tired to continue the brawl. Some of his circuitry is exposed. He seems to have been damaged by Michael´s countless stream of punches.
The crimson android knows he´s been defeated. He smiles as he is on the ground. He slowly gets up and looks at the Arcs. He stares them down. Then he turns his attention to me. he looks at me straight in the face and laughter pours out of his strange looking mouth. 
“Why are you laughing?” I ask.
“Because your world, your people are gone!” the android responds. 
He stares at me with the look of pure evil. He´s trying to intimidate me and it´s working.
“What´s so funny about that?” I ask.
“You are what remains of your home world, Earth. You! You meaning…human!” he says. 
He turns his attention to the Arcs again and stares them down again. He looks hungry…for destruction. 
“This is not over! There will be a next time and I will avenge my loss! Watch over your backs because I will prevail! Evil shall prevail over all the quadrants! I am very close to having what I want. Closer than you think!” the android responds in his trademarked robotic voice. 
It seems his vocal cords are strained though. Must´ve been due to all the damage he received from the scuffle with Michael. The android looks at his hands and then his arms as he´s clearly got some damage to his artificial components. He begins to disappear. His body begins to dematerialize. Michael and the others run at him but it´s too late. He´s gone completely. And the android´s image haunts me and probably will for the rest of my life. I´ll probably have nightmares for as long as I live. 
And right now, I have other things to worry about. I don´t quite have the right words. I´m speechless and all alone. I´ve got no place to call my own. No family, no friends and worst of all, no Danica! I look over at Uriel and it looks like he doesn´t know what to tell me. 
Does he truly understand my loss? I´ve lost so much. He can´t put himself in my shoes. He just can´t. in the end, he´s not human. He may look, act and breathe like us but he´s not…one of us. He can´t fathom my loss! None of the Arcs can! Everyone and everything…is gone. Where do I go from here? What am I going to do…for the rest of my life? I´m a boy without a home. Uriel comes over to talk to me, to comfort me I suppose. But my stress level is at an all-time high. 
“Leave me alone!” I say. “I need to have time to think on my own.”
What am I saying? I am alone. I don´t have anyone to talk to. At least not anyone human. I´ve suddenly become dizzy, probably from all the tension. I can´t really hear anyone´s voice. I´m getting tired. Before I pass out, a familiar image appears out of nowhere. It´s Lucy-4 as it looks like she´s come to avenge her brother, Android 66. Her red hair begins to tangle around her body and then it spreads outwards. It begins to swirl throughout the chamber. She seems very angry and aggressive in her body movements. She begins to unfurl strong energy blasts at the Arcs. I think she wants…to kill them all. And they scramble for cover. They try to find shelter the best they can and so do I. But I don´t get very far.
“You´re all dead! You hear me! You´re all dead!” she screams with a high pitched voice.
She´s gone psycho, completely psychotic. She seems to be…out of control. The energy blasts are so powerful they could probably destroy this airship if she wanted to. And I´m trying not to fall asleep but it´s so difficult. Especially after a day like today when everyone I knew and cared about was taken from me. I feel dazed and confused. And there she is right in front of me as she finds me. She opens her mouth wide and reveals to me her razor sharp fangs. Is she going to bite me? Is she going to take me out? I think I´m dead meat and maybe I want it that way? What is there left to fight for anyway? 
I hear another voice, a different person. One that´s not familiar to me at all. I´ve never heard it, never. There´s someone else here with us, but who? His voice doesn´t seem hostile. And then I see the image. It´s a young man such as the Arcs and he dressed in the same fatigues. He´s gotta be one of them. He approaches Lucy-4 as though he wants her to calm down. It seems like he wants to soothe her soul, I would imagine. His voice seems to caress her movements. She looks…happy. And who is that guy? I don´t recognize him. He´s…handsome. 
“Who is that?” I ask Uriel as I feel very weak. 
“That´s Chamuel. He´s one of us,” he responds. “We call him Cam.”
“What are you doing here?” Lucy-4 asks Chamuel. 
“I´m here to bring you back…with me,” he responds. 
“Please, not now!” she responds as she´s stopped shooting at everyone. He´s managed to relax her tortured soul but for how long? Chamuel uses his charm to seduce her. They must´ve been lovers…long before. Lucy-4 seems to try to resist him but it looks like it´s difficult for her. 
“This is wrong! This is all wrong! I know you!” he says. “You can good!”
“I haven´t been good in a long time,” she responds softly. 
“But…I know you can be! Come with me. I beg you,” he responds.
The Arc comes closer to her as she looks totally mesmerized by his beauty. He´s got her under some type of spell or something. I guess that´s what love can do to you. He whispers something in her ear as she…smiles. He gives her a kiss on the cheek. It´s not a friendly one either. It seems so soft and gentle. She is weak to his touch. She seems to be reminiscing, probably about the times they spent together. He has definitely hit a soft spot in the evil android witch. He´s not a physical specimen like the rest of the Arcs but he´s definitely got a lot of magnetic energy in him. He´s taller than the others but with a slender build. He´s got golden brown hair and is very well groomed. He´s definitely not like the rest. He´s not a warrior, he´s a lover. 
“I want to love you like I once did. I want you to do the same,” he begs her. 
She absolutely adores the man in front of her. Her facial features can tell their whole history together. I can still see signs of her trying to resist him but I´m sure it´s hard for her to resist…the urge. She´s fighting it…real hard! She´s combatting his romantic plea. And then she snaps. 
“I don´t know you anymore! I don´t know any of you! My allegiance is with my brother, Android 66,” she says as she´s crying. “Love is such a stupid and meaningless thing!”
“Please…come back to the light! I need you! Together we´ll find a cure to your madness,” Chamuel says. 
“You are the one who needs to be cured, not me,” she responds. “Now go away…before I kill you!”
Harsh words for someone who was once in love. She´s clearly heart-stricken. She looks at him straight in the face as she looks possessed by a higher power. Then…as quickly as she came, she´s gone again. And I am doing my best to stay awake. But I can´t. I surrender! I´ll deal with all of this tomorrow. After all, I´m the only one who´s going to wake up. I´m the last man standing. I´ve lost it all! I´ve lost everything! Danica, where are you? Will I be able to talk to you, even if it is through sheer imagination? And where am I going to stay? Am I going to live with the Arcs on Xibalba? Or are they going to leave me here on this floating space barge? 
Chapter 16
“Enoch, we did it,” a familiar face tells me as he´s sipping from a glass. I think it´s champagne and it appears that everyone´s drinking. There are people everywhere with party favors. Confetti drops from above. Everyone´s celebrating, but why? Gustav leads me through the crowds of people.
“What happened?” I ask.
“We did it!” Gustav repeats. “We saved the world!”
We did? Last thing I remember we were on the Lost City floating in space somewhere. I look around as there are people everywhere. They´re all dead! Every single one of them! I pinch myself as I hope this isn´t the afterlife. But it can´t be. I was with the Arcs. I survived the calamity. This has gotta be some sort of dream. It´s more like a twisted nightmare. I hope this isn´t an alternate universe either. I´m sure it´s only a dream. Yeah, it´s gotta be. I went to sleep and here I am. I hope I wake up to find this was all a nightmare. I hope I wake up and that none of this ever happened, none of it. 
There are happy faces everywhere. But what´s to be happy about? The dragons? The synthetic destroyers? The end of the world? Don´t they realize that our world is on fire? Oh, that´s right. They don´t! They´re all pretty much…dead! 
“Would you like a glass?” Gustav asks.
“Yeah, why not!” I respond as I don´t even like to drink.
“Pass him a glass,” the rock star says as someone I´ve never met before serves me some champagne. 
Yeah I´ll drink for the first time. I´ll try some champagne even if it is in some imaginary place. Even if it isn´t for real, the glass and its contents. 
“Come celebrate with us,” he says. 
“Yeah, I´ll do that,” I respond. 
“Your friends are here!” he says.
“My friends? Oh yeah, I get it…in my dream,” I respond. 
Even if it is an illusion, I just want to see them. I want to see my family, my friends. Actually, the only person I want to see right now is Danica. Even if she isn´t real. It feels like everyone´s celebrating New Year´s on Times Square. The people are wild, and in a good way of course. There are people dancing. People whistling. Everyone…I mean everyone is in good spirits. And plus, there´s a lot of alcohol. The rock musician takes me onto the stage in front of everyone. He pulls me up to the microphone. 
“Everyone, this is Enoch!” he says as he introduces me to the hordes of people. “He´s a hero. He helped save all of our lives.” 
The crowd burst into applause. They cheer jubilantly.
“Come Enoch, say something. Don´t be shy!” he says as he commands me to grab the microphone. 
“What do you want me to say?” I ask. 
And really, I´m not sure what to say. I´ve never been good at public speaking. Or at least, I´ve never tried. I´m scared to death of the very thought of doing so. And now there´s feedback. Great! All eyes are on me! There´s total silence. And then I think, why am I scared? None of this…is real. I´m still somewhere asleep in the Lost City. This is only a dream. Everyone died when the planet exploded. I think I can say whatever I want now. I can enjoy this moment. Soak it in, because I´ll never see any of these people…again. And I want to savor this moment even if it´s not true. 
I step up to the mic as I´m ready. I try to imagine myself winning an academy award or one of those fancy prizes. 
“First of all, I want to thank my mom and dad for creating me!” I say. 
And the crowd goes wild and I like it. I´m blown away by all the praise and noise they´re giving me. This is awesome, even if it is…just a dream. I take the microphone from its stand and begin to walk around freely. It´s as though I own the stage. 
“Way to go Enoch!” Gustav shouts as I guess he likes my style. And all this time I thought I didn´t have any. “You´re a natural.”
“I want you all to know that I tried my best. I really did. I fought hard. Even killed two Sins,” I say as all eyes are on me. I can feel the crowd´s good vibes and energy. I look around at the people´s faces. The kids in the crowd. Their innocence…well it´s great.
“Okay, so we didn´t win! I know! I know! I just want to wake up, get out of this dream, and pretend nothing ever happened,” I add. 
I can see that their mood has changed. Their faces…are different. Gustav tries to interrupt but I don´t let him. I can´t! I´m going to tell them the truth. 
“Earth lit up into a ball of flames. Yes, I know. We´re all dead! Well actually, you are! I´m on some ship floating somewhere in space. I failed you! I failed you all, myself included!” I say. 
There´s not a peep from the audience. They must be in shock and for good reason. They´re all dead! Every last one of them! It´s time for me to make a final request. 
“Anyone seen Danica?”
I mean, this is a dream and I can do whatever I want. I can ask for whatever I want. And that´s the one person I want to see right now. 
I gaze into the crowd. “Well, has anyone seen…Danica?”
Gustav comes up to my ear and whispers, “You´re scaring them!”
“Who, the crowd?” I ask softly. 
I still don´t believe him. This is all a figment of my imagination. I think Albert Einstein once coined the phrase, Imagination is greater than knowledge.
“She´s here. They´re all here,” he says.
And then I look at him closely. I observe him in detail, everything about him. I´m going to miss him too. He probably blew up or turned into ashes in some hospital room somewhere. 
“Okay then! Where is she?” I ask sarcastically. 
I´ll just go along…with this dream. 
“Over here! I´m over here!” a faint female voice yells. 
It´s coming from somewhere in the middle of the stadium. I´ve heard that voice before. I can´t really see her clearly as she makes her way through the crowds of people. The people clear a passageway…for her. She´s alive! She´s really alive! I think my eyes have opened wider than ever before. It´s…Danica! 
Okay, wait a minute! This is only a dream! No need to get too excited! I have to stay focus! None of this is real! None of it! She runs up onto the stage and right into my arms. It feels so real! All of it, feels so real! She hugs me and holds on to me tightly. It´s really her, I think or maybe not. I hope this is all real though. If this is only a dream, I hope I never wake up again. This feels…amazing. 
“Danica, is it really you?” I ask. 
“Of course it is,” she responds with a wholehearted smile. “Why? Do I look… different?” 
“Not, it´s just…you look too real to be true. All of this does!” I respond. 
“Relax, you´re the one who made all of this possible,” she says. “We´re here because of you.”
Oh, now I understand. So this is a dream. I made this happen. I get it now. It´s all a figment of my imagination. 
“I didn´t do anything. I´m the last man standing. I´m the only one who survived,” I respond. 
She walks out of my arms and takes a several steps forward. She looks at the crowd and then points to them. 
“So then, they´re all dead?” she asks as the crowd erupts in laughter. “I´m dead too?”
Damn, I didn´t want to break it to her like that! Even if this is only a dream. 
“You saved them. You saved all of us,” she adds. 
I walk towards her and up to the edge of the stage. And then I point at them as I´m sort of angry. 
“I saved them from what? How? They´re all gone! You´re gone! I failed every last one of you. I failed you…Danica!” I tell her as the crowd is in complete silence.
Am I in purgatory? Or is this just hell? Am I supposed to live this memory the rest of my life? 
They begin to chant my name as their silence has stopped. 
“Please, stop that. I´m no hero. This isn´t funny. None of this is. I´m all alone. I´ll always be…alone,” I tell Danica, the crowd. 
Danica comes up to me and kisses me on the cheek. It feels so warm, so real. 
“Wake up Enoch! You´re my hero!” she whispers in my ear. And then I wake up, but where? I gasp for some air. Where am I exactly? My body´s tied to some tubes. I get up as I tear them off my body. The surrounding walls are soft white. I think I´m on a bed of some sort. I look over and I´m astonished. There are people here, with me. At least, they look human. And they too are connected to what seems to be medical contraptions. They are all in tight sleeping compartments. Where are we then? I hope we´re not slaves or hostages or anything like that. I get up off my… sleeping tube and walk over to one of the other compartments. This is unbelievable! I´m ecstatic! They´re human…here with me. But how? These people must´ve been saved. And they look like they´re alive…much like me. It´s a rather large hall and thee must be thousands of them…here. 
I run frantically ass I try to find my family, my friends… Danica, where are you? Dis they survive? I look everywhere and nothing. Not a sign of them anywhere. And then I wonder, were we even saved at all? These people? Me even? Or are they going to use us as experiments? I leave the sleeping quarters and begin to run. I realize that I´m wearing, what appears to be, a red jumper suit and I´ve got charcoal gray boots on. I´m definitely not on Earth and this isn´t the Lost City, that´s for sure. So where am I? now I´m even more confused. I continue to run and then I hear footsteps. Sounds like someone´s following me. I think they´re many of them. Should I hide or continue to run? I think I´ll wear myself out. I´ll keep running then. Whoever they are, the beings behind me, I think they´re trying to corner me. Seems like they´re all around me. I´ve got to find a way out of here. And there it is, a clearing, finally! 
There´s a giant glass dome in front of me, of the edge of wherever I am. It separates my body from the world in front of me. And I…am completely in awe. The horrific scene is almost breathtaking. The sphere in front of me, the one on fire, is that of Earth. The image gives me a horrible impact. A bad taste in my mouth. All I want to do is cry. It´s unbelievable. I hate my life right now! And then finally…the footsteps catch up to me. Humans, my people, begin to swarm around me. And from the looks on all of their faces, they too are stunned to watch Earth the way it is, the way I do. Now, the question is, where do we go from here? And more importantly, where am I? 
I look over to my right and then to my left. I can´t believe it. The Grays came to save us after all. They observe the incineration as well. They look over at me and then I feel a certain tug…in my mind. They are trying to control my thoughts. They´re probably using telepath y. I remember them well. It´s Fellow and…Victoria. 
“We came here to help you! We came because of you, my dear Enoch!” Victoria says in a soft tone of voice. “We couldn´t just sit back and pretend nothing was wrong.”
“I had a most difficult time in trying to convince Raoul. But in the end, we came to an accord,” Fellow says with his grizzly yet frail voice. “Though, we couldn´t save everyone.”              
“Why not?” I answer.
“We were only able to save the ones who were ready for the change,” Victoria says. “We carefully chose those with the most humane and spiritual properties.”
I notice that there are more people around me. They’ve also gathered to witness the world burning to cinders. Fellow moves closer to me and almost gets into my face with that seemingly big head of his. He eyeballs me with those big dark eyes of his as they blink very slowly. I know the person beneath…the skin. 
“Out of billions, we saved millions,” he says and then walks completely out of sight. 
And I would have to say that Fellow and Raoul are the real heroes here. But where are the millions of people? There can´t be a million people on this transport ship. There have got to be more. That means that my family, Dante and Danica, they could be on…another ship. The Grays helped evacuate a part of the human race which I´m sure was no easy task. And still, there was blood, a lot of blood. 
I look at Victoria as she only  has her sights on my home planet. Well, what was once my world. And I feel…she does understand me. I can identify with her. I guess it has something to do with her voice, so soft and sweet. And the way she looks at the Earth, it´s almost as if I can see her crying. I look around and observe everyone else around me and realize, they too are probably wondering if they´ll ever see their friends and families as well. And then I start to reflect on my best friends, Dante and Danica. Did they make it through? Are they even alive? The Prosecutors and Gustav Sanity? Are they still with us? They were…brave souls. And how about my mom and dad? My sisters? Will I ever see them again? 
I see the first sign of tears as I can see my own reflection from the glass. It´s going to be like starting over again. Almost like when I changed from elementary to middle school. My mom and dad said it would be a transition, finding new friends and all. And making pretend I was interested in other things when I really didn´t want to just to make new acquaintances at school. But this is not…that type of transition. This is total change, a drastic one at that. I´ll have to make new friends. I´ll probably even have another family. Or this could all very well be, just another dream. 
The alien Grays begin to escort everyone back to their sleeping quarters as they use their rather large arms and wiry hands and fingers. They help tuck us into our strange contraptions. It reminds of how my mom and dad did so when I was a child. How they made me feel safe when I was younger. The feeling makes me feel so comfortable as I fall back to sleep. I´m off into another dream and there I find Uriel. 
“Uriel, you´re back. What happened and where am I?” I ask as I want answers. 
And I´m so happy to see him, a familiar face. I think I consider him a very good friend now. 
“I left you with the Grays. You´re going to be okay. They will take care of you…and your people,” he tells me. 
I just want to go home!” I respond. “I want to be with my family, my friends.” 
“Enoch, I have something important to tell you,” he says.
“Okay, shoot!” I respond. 
“They`ll be back and they won´t be alone. They´ll come with reinforcements,” he says.
That´s bad news. I don´t like the way he said that. 
“Reinforcements?” I ask. 
“There are dark forces everywhere, all across the universe. Remember, the cosmos is vast and you have to be prepared!” the Arc explains. “Also, remember that there are some intruders that will try to deceive you at all costs.” 
Then he leaves my dream and I wake up again as I´m tied to the same tubes. I gently pull off everything. I exit the room but this time in calm fashion. This is not a dream…anymore. It´s almost as if I´ve accepted it as my home. I walk down the seemingly endless hallways as no one tries to apprehend or restrain me. I feel free to do as I choose as I walk past various Grays. They seem to ignore me. And I know where I´m going. I´m going straight to the edge of this gigantic spacecraft. I´m going to look at my home world. I´m going to see if the flames have been extinguished. I sit down in a lotus position in the back of the craft. I sit there and it`s still there…on fire. I begin to remember my childhood. I reminisce the good and bad times. I stare at the fiery globe for hours it seems. And I´m trying my hardest not to go back to sleep! I want to be here when the flames are finally put out. I want to be awake.
A wiry figure comes up next to me and puts a blanket over me to cover my cold body and I´m glad…I´m so glad. They have the AC unit at full blast. And I know exactly who it is. It´s Victoria, the gentle and kind female Gray. I don´t know how I know. I can just sense her warmth. 
“Are they alive?” I ask her.
She looks at me with those dark and mysterious eyes. They blink a couple of times and then shares my panoramic view of the world…on fire. She suddenly unzips her suit and she finally reveals herself to me. She looks like she could be my grandmother. She looks so sweet and innocent. Her gray and perfectly groomed hair makes her seem easy to talk to. It´s as if I´ve known her all of my life. 
“What do you think Enoch?” she asks as it seems that honey drips from her mouth. It´s probably the sweetest sounding voice I´ve ever heard. “What does your heart tell you?”
“I don´t know. I guess I want them to be alive more than anything. But I don´t know. I really can´t say,” I respond. 
She looks at me with her caramel-coated eyes. “You know, you have a heart. Listen and listen well. It´s not there for show and tell. You should listen closely. It can give you so many clues. It can tell you so much about yourself and life in general,” she says. 
And I feel sedated. I really do. I guess the Grays gave us some sedatives or something because I´m tired. But I think the only reason I´m still awake is because I don´t want to give up hope. I don´t want to give up what I had. I thought I had a meaningless life but I didn´t, I really didn´t. and I want it back! All the things I took for granted. I wish this woman in front of me was my grandmother. And how I miss my grandparents. When I was a child, they did this all the time. I just didn´t listen hard enough. They often made me feel…special. I´m sure that if my real grandmother were here, she´d probably tell me the same thing. She´d probably treat me the same way. They´re gone now, but definitely not forgotten. They´re inside of me and I´m a piece of them. Come to think of it, I love who I am and where I came from. Those are some grand memories I have of my grandparents. 
“Thank you Victoria,” I tell her as I get up. 
“For what?” she asks. 
“For stirring up old memories,” I respond. “Can you tuck me or at least pretend to?”
“Let´s go. I´ll take you to your sleeping quarters,” she responds. 
“Is that a yes? I ask.
“Of course I will,” she says as she tries to put her suit back on. 
“Without the suit, please!” I plead. “I want to feel human. I want you to at least…look human.”
She leaves her protective suit on the ground and walks me to my sleeping chamber. Anyway, she´s not going to need it, not in these conditions. We´re not on Sirius. Our Sun´s nowhere near as powerful as Osiris is. 
She walks me to…my bunk, if I can even call it that and gently straps me in. she rubs her hand through my hair as I feel so comfortable. Then she starts singing softly. Her voice is so powerfully soothing someone should patent it. 
“Don´t cry, don´t cry, because angels don´t cry,” she starts as those are the last words I remember. 
I feel like a little child again. Almost like a baby. And then…I wake up again. And as I do a strange alarm starts to sound off. There`s no Victoria hovering over me. I look up at the white ceiling and then I look around me. Everyone´s getting up. They leave the large room as they´re calm and collective. I get up out of…my bed and head for the door. I make my way through the people. I hope I can recognize…someone, but I don´t. I walk the long and serene corridors and even mistaken someone for Danica. 
“Are you okay?” she asks.
“Yeah, yeah, I´m okay,” I respond. “Sorry about that.”
I realize this is going to be the rest of my life. I´d better get used to it. Yeah, I´m okay…but I feel like crying my heart out. And there it is…at the edge of the observation post. There it is again, but this time, it´s not on fire. It´s almost entirely blue again with patches of soft white cloud cover. Many people put their fingers on the glass, as many as possible. As many as can fit. It seems to be an anticipation…for all of us. 
There it is…Earth! And it looks…brand new. It´s a truly spectacular sight. I notice that many of the people around me, the survivors on this ship, are kids. You can tell so much by looking through a child´s eyes. There´s so much wonder and innocence in a child´s eyes. It´s as if they´re loaded with an unstoppable imagination. Wish I was a kid again. Maybe I´d forget about everything. Everything that just happened. 
Some kids breathe on the glass leaving temporary imprints. They´re as anxious as I am…to get down, to get back…to our new life. Where do we begin? Now that we´re all more like lost children in a new world. 
Someone taps me on the shoulder and I don´t want to look back. Maybe, it´s because I don´t want to take my eyes off the Earth, my world. Whoever it is, they´ve got the wrong person. They tap me on the shoulder again. 
“Go away! You´ve got the wrong person,” I say. 
I didn´t see anyone from my family. I didn´t see Dante nor Danica either. So that rules out…the most important people in my life. I turn around and I am very surprised. It´s someone I haven´t seen in a very long time. It´s Peps MacGavin.
“Have you seen my family?” he asks. 
“No, not at all,” I respond. 
I haven´t seen him in a very long time. Well, I have…sort of. But I guess we lost contact somehow. He was a good friend of all of us. We used to play in the playground for hours at a time. We used to pretend we were superheroes. We used to pretend we were…grown-ups. Then all of a sudden, I don´t know what happened. He got his share of friends and I stayed with mine. How things change, even if we were in elementary school together back in the days. We were really tight back in the day. I did see him at Angel Cruz High from time to time but we chose more to ignore each other than to talk. 
“Well, I hope you find them,” I add.
“I hope so too,” he says as he looks to the sides of the spacecraft. And there I see them, the whole lot of them. 
“Take care of yourself Enoch! You look good,” he adds.
“You too Peps. It was really nice seeing you. I really wish you the best,” I tell him. 
“Thanks you too,” he responds and then walks away into the crowd. 
Why is it that we have to grow up? And when does it actually happen? Why can´t we go on living like children? I remember when I didn´t have a care in the world. Yeah, people probably still look at me like I´m a kid but I´m definitely not that same little boy I was in elementary school. I´ve changed quite a bit. I´m sure of it. 
I look around and analyze my surroundings. If I found Peps then maybe I know someone else on this transport ship. And I was right, I can´t believe it. It´s Gustav! He´s here with me…in the real world. He´s alive! What´s he doing here? He´s the last person I would have thought to find here. I tap him on the shoulder as he looks back. 
“Cheers mate!” he says. 
“I can´t believe it! It´s really you!” I respond. 
“Yeah, it´s me and you are…?” he asks. 
“you don´t remember me?” I ask. 
“I don´t remember most of my fans,” he says. “Someone told me I was in a coma. I don´t remember that either.”
“You helped save…mankind” I tell him as he laughs. 
“what with my music? Now…that´s funny! I´m a rock star! I don´t save lives!” he responds.
 I guess he doesn´t remember me. And I was so looking forward to hanging out with him again. 
“you do look familiar though,” he tells me.
And I wish he did remember me. It would be nice to start with at least…one friend. 
“Listen kid! I don´t have anyone to go back to. And you look like…a nice kid. We should hang out some time. I´ll teach you to sing or play the guitar or something along that line,” he says. 
“Really? That would be…awesome! I´d like that very much,” I respond. 
“Then you´ll be my friend?” he asks.
“Yes, most definitely. That´s a deal!” 
“Say, what´s your name anyway?” he asks. 
“Enoch!” I respond. 
“Nice to meet you Enoch,” he says. “Call me Goose! I like it when my friends call me that. Where have I met you before?” 
And I´m not going to tell him anything. He probably wouldn´t believe me anyway. 
“I don´t know. I guess…I´m not sure either,” I respond. 
He looks away as his eyes are now stuck to the image of Earth. It looks so beautiful and magnificent. 
“It looks like a foreign land, doesn´t it?” the rocker says. 
“Yes it does! It truly does!” I respond. 
“I think I´m going to write a song about it. Call it that,” he says. How does Foreign Land sound?”
“I think you already did,” I respond as he looks at me kind of funny. 
“I don´t think so. I remember every one of my songs. That I didn´t forget,” the Goose says. 
“I mean, the way you look at it, at Earth. I can tell it´s going to be a great song like most of your songs,” I respond. 
“I think I found my true calling. I´m going to love…my life, my world a whole lot more,” he says. 
“Great idea! I think I´ll do the same. I´m not going to take it for granted, no sir, not anymore!” I tell him. 
The ship begins to move around the Earth. I guess it´s orbiting the globe. The first spectacular movement, the International Space Station as it looks like the Grays are giving it much needed modifications as it´s being checked. I guess it too is being restored by the Grays. They went from being a total disappointment to really saving our butts. I thought they turned their backs on us. I truly did. I thought there was no hope for us. Yet, they came from millions of miles away to help preserve our race. 
There´s a Gray standing to my left and I make my way to her. I guess we´ve somehow got a spiritual connection. I mean, they´re all wearing the same suits. They look the same. But why is it that I know it´s her? It´s gotta be.
“Thanks Victoria! Thanks so much…for being here,” I whisper softly hoping no one hears me but her. “But can I call you grandma? Great grandma?”
Without the suit she´s really smaller than me in frame but with it on she´s actually very tall as she looks down at me. Then to the beautiful image of the blue planet.
“Enoch, you can call me as you wish,” she says. 
“Thanks grandma, you rock! You really do!” I respond. Our ship begins to descend towards Earth as the alarms have suddenly turned off. It´s so beautiful I can´t take my eyes off of it. It´s such a beautiful sphere. It almost looks like a giant marble with beautiful designs on it. 
“Have you seen any of my family and friends?” I ask hoping she did. 
And how would she know anyway? Before my journey to Sirius, she and I´d never met. So she definitely hasn´t met any of my family or friends. 
“Can´t say that I have! But I do think your heart…has found something new inside of you,” she says. She takes my hand and transports me to another ship. In an instance my surroundings change. No more Gustav. No more Peps or anyone…from the other ship. I´m definitely on another ship. I´m somewhere else. 
“What´s you do that for?” I ask. “Now I have no one to talk to.”
And she walks away but before she leaves completely, she says, “Goodbye Enoch! I hope you learned something…about yourself.” 
And my only reaction is to wave goodbye. Will I ever see her again? Will I ever even talk to her again? Did she get offended by me calling her grandma? It didn´t look like it but I still hope not because it wasn´t my intention. And then I feel a tug at my jumper suit. I look down and there she is. I have to open my eyes a bit as I can´t believe it. I´m here with both my sisters. This is an amazing feeling. They made it and I´m so glad. I hug them so much I really don´t want to let them go. To me, they are two of the most beautiful little people in the universe. 
“Where´s mom and dad?” I ask as I crouch down and meet their faces. “Have you seen them? Are they here?”
“Of course they are. They wouldn´t leave us here all alone. We´re kids, remember?” Zada responds. “And besides she wouldn´t let any of them separate us.”
I´m puzzled. Who´s she talking about? 
“Who?” I ask. 
“You know, the older lady. She said she was my grandma. She said she knew you,” she says. 
And there they are, mom and dad. I have to do a double-take. My first reaction to both of them is to hug them at the same time. And I´m so happy to see them both. 
“Mom and dad…I love you,” I say as I want to remember their faces, the way they are for the rest of my life. 
“We waited for you to get home but you never did. Your mother and I were worried sick. We thought we´d never see you again,” my dad tells me.
“Well, thanks for waiting and thanks for always being there…for me,” I respond. “Have you seen Dante and Danica?” I ask.
“Not here…but they are heroes. At least they were. Their faces were all over the news,” he says as my mother breaks out into laughter.
“Yeah, and Danica was awesome! She even tried to head-butt one of those synthetic monsters. I think it hurt her more than it did the other guy. Wish you would´ve seen it. It was hilarious!” my mom says. And then everyone breaks out into laughter. 
Good old Danica. How I miss her so! “So you haven´t seen them then?” I ask again to make sure as I get choked up. 
I want to cry but I won´t dare show my parents that I´m vulnerable. 
“I´m sorry but we haven´t,” my dad responds as he tries to calm me down. 
My parents know me better than anyone. They raised me. 
“Enoch they could very well be on any of the other transport ships. There´re hundreds of them…out there,” my mom says. 
Then I begin to reflect on the past. Then I think about the future, my possible future. ..without Danica. What if I had asked her out on a date? Wonder what our kids would have looked like? I can´t lie. I just can´t stop thinking about her. What a missed opportunity! What a wasted opportunity! I could have told her how I really felt! And what was I scared of…rejection? 
I place my hands on the observation glass as I´m anxious. I´m impatient. I want to see her…again. My parents are probably right. I´ve got better chances that she´s on another one of those ships. I just want to get down there already. I want to find her. 
The Grays begin to descend their ships into the atmosphere. They make turn after turn as we fly over the newly and restored cities. I´ve gotten to see Paris, London, Egypt, Rome and Greece. And they look…the same. I wonder how the Grays did it? And how long it took them to achieve this? I mean, Earth was on fire. Of that, I´m sure. I saw it with my own two eyes. 
We pass through the clouds, the national parks, even the Amazons and they all have the same beauty of before. He only thing that catches my attention, I realize there are noticeably more pyramids . they´ve gotta be there for something. But what?    
Chapter 17
The Gray Ship makes its landing very slowly along with a couple of other space ships. And then we begin to evacuate the ship. I see more smiles than anything but not on my face. I`ll have one when I´m completely happy. When I find Danica. Everyone calmly exits the spacecraft and I can smell the fresh air already. I can almost taste it. And I can see the light of the Sun as it hits the ramp. I walk out to see everyone as they rejoice the moment. There are so many smiles, it´s hard to count. And I walk out with my family intact. I carry Jianna in my arms and Zada holds my hand. 
“Do you think I´ll find her?” I ask my tiny baby sister as she looks at me strange. And what was I thinking? She´s never said a word to me. What makes me think she´ll do so now? 
“Yes!” she says as she surprises me. 
“Really?” I ask excitedly.
“Yes,” she responds.
Okay, let me try another tactic. “Do you hate me?” I ask.
“Yes!” she responds yet again.
I knew it. She has no clue about what or who I´m talking about. She´s a baby for crying out loud! 
“I think you will,” Zada says. “I think you´ll find her.”
“And…do you know who I´m talking about?” I ask her. 
“Of course I do silly! How old do you think I am?” she says. “I know you´re going to find Danica.” 
I look back at the Gray ship and I see a familiar figure. A Gray with red robes. I don´t know how I know, but I do. It´s Raoul. He looks at me and I give Jianna and Zada over to my mom. I want to talk to him before he leaves. He salutes me with his wiry fingers. 
“Enoch, how are you? How do you feel?” he asks. “Fine and you?” I ask. “ I bet you feel a lot better, your conscience at least.” 
“Yes, I do!” he responds. “Let´s get to the point. I know you have many questions and I´ll answer as many as I can. Okay! So shoot!”
“I´ve got so many, I don´t even know where to start,” I respond. 
“Uriel and the other Arcs left you in our care. They realized our fleet of ships was just above the Earth´s atmosphere. They were ready to take you to Xibalba with them and the Lost City,” he says. “They said it would be better for you to stay with your people.”
 Great, I didn´t even have to ask. “Will I ever see them again?” I ask.
“I´m pretty sure you will. The Arcs don´t just go away,” he responds. 
 I look at Raoul and I savor the moment. He looks almost like a king with his beautifully adorned robes. He didn´t leave us to die and that´s a good thing. I´ve got my mom and dad, Zada and Jianna. I wouldn´t have them if it weren´t for him and the other Grays. And we´ve got another shot at showing the universe that we are not just animals. We´re living souls! We´ve got our purpose and it´s to change as a species. Hopefully, this time we can find a way to work together as a whole. 
“Thank you for not turning your backs on us. Thank you for saving us!” I say as we´ve turned our faces to the playful crowd. 
“It was a very difficult decision to make but in the end we made the right choice. After all we are all children of the cosmos,” Raoul tells me. “And by the way, the Arc spoke fondly of you. They all did. They were very glad to have met you…here amongst the stars, on Earth.”
I raise my head and stare at the beautiful blue sky overhead. And it is simply spectacular. How could an alien, an Arc, have changed my life in so little time. He did something…to me. I can feel the transformation. I am different…now. More different than I´ll ever be. I´ve grown up. 
I focus on the clouds as there are different shapes and they´re as puffy as can be. I have another question. A truly important one at that. “Have you seen Danica?” I ask.
He scratches his head. I don´t think he knows who I´m talking about. Or at least it seems that way. 
“Was she saved? Is she here?” I ask in desperation. 
“I would have to say I´m not sure,” he responds. “We saved millions but not the entire human populace. It was too difficult to save…everyone.” 
“This sucks! This really sucks!” I tell him. 
“But she could be on another transport ship…somewhere else,” he responds. “There´s still hope she´s still with us. We didn´t keep a registry of the people who we saved. But… if you think she´s still alive, then she is.”
“I´ll keep that in mind,” I respond sarcastically. 
I may never see her again. I might never be able to tell her how much she meant to me. Never! Who am I going to laugh with? Who am I going to cry with? Who am I going to talk to when I´m feeling down? I don´t think I can honestly do this without her. I can´t do this alone, not with this new life, this seemingly new world. I am truly going mad for her affection. I think about that kiss, that first kiss and what it felt like. Her eyes, her lips…everything about her drives me wild. She´s the only one who made me feel different. And all that time, she liked me. And I felt the same way and I still do. I am who I am, partly because of her. A good part of me!
“I´ve gotta go Raoul! I hope I see you again someday. Send my regards to Fellow and Grandma,” I tell him. 
“Grandma?” he asks. “Who´s Grandma?”
“I mean Victoria. Tell her I say thanks as well,” I respond. 
He looks at me kind of funny. Like I said something crazy or something. “She just reminds me of my grandma, that´s all,” I add. 
“I will!” he says. 
I walk away from him and back to my family. I watch as he and the other Grays make their way back into their ships and close the ramps. Their ships just hover overhead. 
There are now less people as they´ve made their way to the transport shuttles. They´re all going home! They´re almost like flying buses. And I wait…with my family for any sign of Dante or Danica. It´s getting dark out and the Grays ships are still there just above our heads. Wonder what they´re waiting for? 
“I don´t think Dante or Danica are coming,” my dad tells me. “And it´s getting late.” 
“Yeah, right! I´ll stay here,” I respond. 
“Are you sure you don´t want to come with us? Wait for them at home?” my mom asks. 
“I´m sure. Just go home. I´ll see you guys in a bit,” I respond. 
“Son, we love you,” my dad tells me. 
“And don´t come home...too late!” Zada orders me as my only reaction, a smile. 
“I won´t short stuff. I promise,” I respond. 
I accompany them to the transport vehicles and nothing. No signs of either of the two. I´m hoping for the best. I want them to be alive. My family blasts off in a ship as we wave goodbye to one another. There are less and less people until finally, I´m left alone. The Grays ships have left as well. I´m alone. Alone under the night sky beneath a blanket of stars. It´s getting cold and still no sign of Dante or Danica. There´s a reason why I´m waiting for her and it´s because I can feel her. I know she´s alive. This is what my grandma, Victoria told me to do. I´m listening and my heart tells me…she´s here somewhere. I´m going to go and find her…myself.
I take a transport ship as I´m the only one inside and I´m greeted by its holographic driver. 
“State your destination,” it says as it´s wearing a World War I aviator suit. How cool is that? Why didn´t the airlines think of something like this? 
“Danica Pride´s house,” I insist. 
“Destination, Danica Pride´s home,” the holographic pilot says. 
Yes, there´s a register of her name, then she´s gotta be alive. I´m doing like Victoria said, I´m following my heart. The transport vessel blasts off into the sky and I can´t wait to see her. I´m anxious as I´ll ever be. I wonder what I´m going to do first? Am I going to kiss her, hug her or just say hello? 
The highways are well lit but I´ve noticed not too many house lights. But who cares? She´s alive! She´s alive! I can feel it deep in my bones! At least, that´s what I want to think. And there it is…her house. And here I am! 
The porch light is lit. There´s gotta be someone inside. 
“Come on! Land this thing already!” I insist the pilot. 
“Very well sir,” the pilot answers back as the ship stops and descends to the ground almost like a helicopter. I tap the window over and over again from the anxiety. I want to see her real bad! The hatch opens and I run right out and onto the porch. I ring the doorbell and then I knock as loud as I can. I peek through the windows as someone´s coming. Oh thank you! She´s coming! A last…Danica! 
The door opens and it´s…Dante. He looks so happy to see me as his eyes open wide. 
“You did it! You´re alive! Thank goodness!” he says as he nearly squeezes me to death. And I´m happy to see him. But I really want to go inside. I want to see her as I peek over his shoulder. 
“Great to see you too!” I tell him as I scan the house for any sign of her. 
“And Danica?” I ask. “She´s here…right?” 
He pauses and says, “No…she´s not! And I´ve been worried sick about her! Those things landed everywhere so she could be…anywhere,” he responds. 
“So, she´s not here huh?” I say as I feel like my heart just stopped working. 
“What´d you say we look for her tomorrow? You and me?” he says. “After school?” 
“After school?” I ask. “So you mean, we have to go back to school? After everything? After all that´s happened?”
“Yep, it´s all over the tube. We´ve gotta go back. We´ve got to live our normal, everyday lives again,” he says. “Or…at least pretend to,” he says.
“But that´s ridiculous,” I respond. 
“Is it?” he responds. Is it any better than staying home and mourning the loss of billions?” 
“Yeah, you´re probably right. There is a reason for us getting back. Maybe it´s better for us to gather together than to drift apart,” I tell him. 
“Come inside! I´m sure my mom and dad would love to see you,” he says. 
“I really should be going,” I respond. 
“Come on dude! Do it for me!” he says. “They´re worried sick about her. Just a couple of minutes, that´s all. I´m sure you could help them.”
“Alright then,” I answer.
I walk in the first thing they do is hug me. Both of them! Her mom and dad are like my second parents. I´ve always cared about them and they me. So what am I supposed to talk about now? Mr. and Mrs. Pride, I was in love with your daughter. Sounds horrible, especially the “was” part. Because I still am. But do they really want to hear that? I don´t think they do. 
“Hi Mr. and Mrs. Pride, how are you?” I ask. 
“Oh…you know. It´s been very difficult…because she hasn´t come home yet,” her mom says. All this optimism is getting me depressed. “You know how she is with her independent soul and all,” she adds. 
“We told Dante to answer the door and yell if it was her. We didn´t want to get…too disappointed,” her dad says.
I understand completely. What would I do if I had a child? Would I do the same? Would I worry myself to death? Would I suddenly feel bad…if they didn´t come home? I try to think positive. I try to get past the negative thoughts swirling through my head. She´s not here! Plain and simple! And now I hope she is…still alive! I do hope she made it through like her brother, my family, like me. I totally go off into another world as I begin to daydream. I begin to imagine a life without Danica. It´s a world that´s so cold and barren. It´s a world that brings shivers down my spine. I hate the feeling…of being without her. So I won´t think like that…anymore. 
“Well, you don´t worry!” I say. “She´ll be here any minute. If I know anyone, it´s Danica. She´s a fighter and...she´s a great soul!”
That was enough to put smiles on their faces. That was enough to give them hope. And I wish I could do the same…for myself. I think about what my dad said. 
“She could´ve been on any of those transport ships. They landed all over,” I reassure them. 
“You´re completely right Enoch. Thank you so much for passing by. You´ve always been…such a good boy,” Mrs. Pride says.
“No…thank you! For not giving up on Danica,” I respond. “I´ll be going now!”
“Thanks for coming over,” Dante says. 
“My pleasure! I´ll be seeing you at school tomorrow,” I respond. 
“Yep, you sure will,” Dante says as he walks me to the door. “And Enoch…thanks for giving my mom and dad hope. Thanks for helping us in believing that she´ll be back. Thanks for always being there for us.”
“And you know I always will,” I respond.
As I walk to the transport vehicle, I feel…miserable. I feel like all hope is gone. She´s not coming back. I´ll never see her again! Never! 
I get back home and no one´s awake. The lights are on on my side of the house and I decide to go outside. I take my blanket and lie down. I begin to count the starry night. It´s more lit than ever, unfortunately, because many of the surrounding houses are abandoned. A lot of people died. A lot of people take from Earth. I ask the stars if Danica was taken away from me, from us. Was she taken to another place far away? And the stars seem to blink. They seem to be trying to send me messages from beyond. They´re almost like letters from the sky as they manage to put a smile on my face. 
The next day I ready myself for school as it feels like a normal, regular day. Almost like nothing ever happened. I go to the kitchen as my mom´s preparing breakfast. My dad watches the news as it´s the only thing on television. The news reporters try to estimate the total deaths. They try to assess how many abandoned homes there are. But the analysts are too early in their predictions. Yes, there are many abandoned homes but probably more than what the experts are saying. It´s all just speculation. 
I look at my mom and dad, my little sisters and realize, I am lucky. I have them. I love them so. It´s great to have my normal life back. But now, how am I going to feel at school and all? Without Danica being there? It´s going to be rough. I can feel it already. This is not an easy situation and how many of my classmates are going to be back? 
“I´ll see you all later,” I tell them. “I love you!” I whisper softly. 
“And we love you too!” Zada responds. 
I go outside and wait for my shuttle. It´s still dark outside and kind of chilly. I look at the moon and some of the left over stars in the sky. What a beautiful morning? I think it´s one I´ll never forget. It´s memorable, but why? Is it because I have a new lease on life? It´s because…this is the rest of my life. 
I´m in the shuttle with some other kids. And I´m still kind of sleepy but ready to start over. The shuttle passes over one of the pyramids constructed and left by the Grays. It´s gorgeous! It´s wondrous! I can´t believe it! And before we had to travel to Egypt or Mexico to see one. Now we´ve got one literally in our backyard. It adds a touch of sci-fi mystery to this otherwise boring town. I like it! I can´t wait to go inside and find out what it´s all about! We pass over the city and it almost looks like a ghost town from here up top. Here´s how one can tell just how many survivors there are. I think about guys like Peps MacGavin. Did he find…his family? Does he have anyone at all? And then I think about guys like Winston McAfee and Manuel Fahrenheit and how they gave their lives…for us. Outcasts? I think not. And there it is, finally, Angel Cruz High! Fells like the first day at school. What am I scared of? I was already here…before all the chaos. There aren´t many students left. First person I look for is Dante. But no sign of him. He probably overslept. Time to get to class. I think I have to go by my previous schedule. In fact, I´m pretty sure I do. And here I am…bored as always. I shouldn´t say that though. I don´t want to take anything for granted anymore. So why am I bored? Guess it´s got something to do with high school and hormones. 
I see some familiar faces such as Peps MacGavin. We greet each other the same way we have for the longest time. He looks bummed so I´m not going to ask him if he fund his family. But then again, that´s how he´s always looked, a little lost and displaced. and it looks like the clicks at school...are still clicks. Only I feel less aggression, but it´s only my first day back. What can I expect? This is high school! Teens will be teens no matter how many wars we´re in.
And then I hear something I´ve heard before. The tune…is very familiar as someone´s playing the piano. It´s coming from the music hall. I´ve got to check this out. I open the doors of the auditorium as it reminds of so much, so much that´s happened. Reminds me of the time I helped save the world. It feels like it was only yesterday but who knows how long the Earth was burning? Who knows how long it took for the Grays to reconstruct my surroundings?
And there he is as I sit down in the middle of the school auditorium. It´s Gustav Sanity or should I call him “Goose”? what´s he doing here? And the song he´s playing…it´s so emotive. It sounds even better…on the piano. I know it very well. I heard it in my dream or whatever I choose to call it. And I was there…in his world, when he created it. 
The song finishes and I applaud him. And then I walk up onto the stage. 
“Hey, what´s up? What are you doing here?” I ask.
“I met the assistant principal, Mr. Thumblee, on the transport ship that took me home. He invited me to come here,” he says.
“To teach?” I ask.
“No, I don´t think so,” he responds. “I think he saw…I was lonely.”
“And why would he think that?” I ask. “You´re a rock legend! You have everything!”
“Oh, do I?” he responds. “I call it having everything and nothing at the same time.”
Yes, guess he´s right. He´s probably just like Finley, he´s got it all but when does it become too much? 
“That kind of sucks! Listen, I´ve got to go,” I say. “I´ve got to get back to class. I´m already late!” 
“Well, guess I´ll be seeing you then,” he responds. 
“You got that right. Oh and by the way, great song!” I say. 
“You liked it?” he asks. 
“Yep, sure did. Guess you wrote it for someone special eh?” I say.
“Sure did!” he responds. 
I´m not going to tell him that I already heard it or that I know who it´s for. He´d be a lot happier if she were alive. Christie meant the world to him. And Danica…mine. Let me get out of here before I drown in sorrow.
I head off into my next class and sit down. Same seat I was in before and all. I wait for my teacher, Ms. Bird. This is my class after recess. This is the class I used to enjoy…because she was in it. I don´t get along much with the remaining class or maybe I´ve never tried to. Or maybe I never tried because Danica was here. Yes, she was younger than me but she was gifted. She was always above her classmates. Her mom and dad decided to move her up in elementary school. 
Our teacher comes in and quickly writes our assignment for the day on the board. Then she begins to lecture us about our last book…A Brave New World by Aldous Huxley. What a coincidence? I didn´t even think about it. That´s what we were reading before all of this happened. And I am so distracted. I can´t even think straight. 
“What do you think Sotheby?” Ms. Bird asks. 
“About what?” I ask. 
“About your falling grade in this class! What you need to do is pay more attention Enoch!” she responds as the door opens. 
“Yes…Ms. Bird,” I respond as the figure at the door startles me completely. 
She takes me by surprise. I can´t believe it. It´s…it´s Danica. 
“Ms. Pride, glad you could make it,” our teacher says as Danica grabs a seat…next to me. 
“And so am I,” I whisper so only she can hear me. 
“Where were you last night?” she asks. 
“I went out looking for,” I respond. 
“So was I, before I got home. I knocked on your door and no one answered. I wanted to see you…so badly,” she responds. 
She must´ve gone over while I was at her house. Talk about a connection! She must´ve knocked on my side and not on my parent´s. makes perfect sense. They left the lights on…for me. For me to come back. So she probably left thinking I was gone. She probably thought I didn´t make it back either. But having gone home, Dante and their parents must´ve told her…I was alive. This is the greatest feeling I´ve ever had. She´s alive! And she´s here with me! And I am completely mesmerized. 
It´s closing time as the bell sounds. I wait for Dante and Danica in the parking lot. And I´m anxious to see them like old times. I want to touch Danica. I want to feel her. I want to kiss her but I know I can´t because Dante´s going to be there. I have to be discreet around him. I´m in love with his sister but not stupid in love. I don´t want to get my head bashed in. 
And there they are as they walk towards me. I´m happy, I´m nervous and I´m scared all at the same time.  
She says hi and kisses me on the cheek. It´s casual as always, great acting job. Dante gives me a bear hug as he´s happy to see me as well. And before we begin our chat she slips me a note very candidly. I can´t read it yet so I´ll hold onto it for a while. I can´t stand it! I want to hold her and squeeze her tightly. I´m in love…I know. 
“See who´s back?” Dante asks. “Would you believe it. She came right after you left! We stayed up…for a long, long time! Guess we were just happy to see her again. Happy that she was alive!”
I look at her right in the eyes. I swear I want to kiss those beautiful lips. I want to touch her gorgeous face. But I cant. Not now! I fear for my life! Dante would kill me if he got word that I´m in love with his sister. Especially with me and him being best friends and all. 
“Yeah, I saw her in Bird´s class. Wasn´t able to say much. You know how Ms. Bird is,” I respond. 
“Yeah, I know exactly. That´s why I decided to take English with another teacher,” he says. “All my friends say she´s a battle ax.” 
“Yeah, I guess you´re right but she is a good teacher,” I respond. 
“Well enough about school already. What´re you doing tonight?” he asks as Danica nods her head to tell me “no”. 
Okay, so wherever they´re going, I can´t go. At least, I shouldn´t. wonder what´s inside the note? 
“I´m going to hang with…my parents tonight. You know…I want to be with them,” I respond.
“But you were with them yesterday,” he says. 
“Not true! I came over your house remember? When I got home no one was awake,” I respond.
“Oh, yeah, you´re right! I totally forgot. Then let´s do something…this week or weekend or whatever,” he says. 
He looks at the both of us. “You two haven´t said much. Are you guys mad at each other?” 
He´s right! This isn´t natural for either of us. We always talk up a storm. I´ve gotta say something…anything! Think Enoch! Think! 
“No, I´m not angry at all!” I respond. “You?” I ask Danica. 
“No, not at all,” she responds as she smile. 
“It´s just…you guys look like you have some sort of tension or something,” Dante interrupts. “You guys okay?”
“Of course we…,” Danica and I respond awkwardly at the same time. 
“Look, I´ll see you guys around. I´ve gotta go,” I say as I walk away rather quickly. 
I´m dying to see what´s inside. This note has got me very anxious to read it. And I want to get as far away from Dante as possible. Wouldn´t want him to see me reading it. 
I hope in a public transport and I´m greeted by the holographic pilot as this time, the pilot´s wearing a kamikaze outfit. Way cool! And then I begin to read. It´s not a very personal note. It just says to meet her at the learning center on Friday afternoon. The pyramid! Awesome! I can´t wait! And it´s signed, love always Danica. I think I want to analyze those words. What do they mean actually? What does she mean? Does it mean she´s always loved me? Nah, can´t be! Forget I even thought that! It will only kill me or consume my spirit.
I´ve seen her every day and haven´t had much time to really talk. Or maybe it´s because we really don´t want to. Either way, it´s Friday and I´m headed off. I´m going to get there early. I´ve gotta get there before she does. Maybe I can pick her some flowers or something. 
I get to the learning center and have a tour inside. It´s marvelous with all its advanced technology and stuff. There are different compartments. There´s a library with no books, solely holographic screens to acquire information. There´s a temple with, I guess one could call it, a guide, even though he´s not really there. And there´s a recreation room where one can play all sorts of games, mental or physical. There are not…many people here. So it makes it even easier for me to browse through everything. Learning has never been so much fun! 
And then someone covers my eyes with cold hands. At least they´re cold when placed on my eyes. It´s gotta be her. And then I hear her speak as she pretends to be someone else. 
“Guess who?”  she says. 
“I know that voice anywhere,” I say. 
“Yeah, well who am I then?” she asks. 
“You´re my…girlfriend,” I respond. 
“Girlfriend? I didn´t know you had a girlfriend,” she responds. 
“I do! I just haven´t asked her yet,” I respond. 
“Asked who?” she says as I can hear her giggle. 
“You!” I say as I turn around and look into her eyes. Then I hold her closer. 
“When are you going to ask me?” Danica says. 
I get on my knees as I give her the flowers. 
“For me?” she asks. 
“For you!” I respond. “Now…would you be my girlfriend?” 
“Are you sure?” she says as she laughs. 
“It´s the surest thing I´ve ever known,” I respond. 
“Then yes Enoch. I´ll be your girlfriend,” she responds.
“Then I am…the luckiest man in the world,” I say as I get up.
“What do I get for being your girlfriend?” she asks. 
“This!” I say as I finally…kiss her. 
“Hey, what´s with the flowers?” I hear someone say. 
“He´s right behind me, isn´t he?”  whisper to Danica and she nods.
It´s Dante as he shows his face. 
“I didn´t know you guys were coming,” he says. “you guys are up to something aren´t you?”
He eyeballs us both like the good jealous brother. He knows something´s up. I can feel it. Now what! 
“No…not at all. I just gave her flowers because…I missed her. Remember, I thought I´d never see her again either. We all did,” I respond rather nervously.
Then Danica steps right in without me asking as always. “No, that´s not it at all. You know what? He likes me and I…like him. Got a problem with that?” she asks. 
“No, I…” he tries to respond as she continues her rant. 
“And furthermore, you´re not the boss of me. Never will be either,” she says.
Yep, she´s back alright! The spunky firecracker of a woman. The woman I´m in love with. 
“Would you let me speak?” Dante says.
“Okay! Go right ahead!” she snaps back. I don´t have a problem with it…honestly. Actually, I think…it´s great. I mean, he´s my best friend and…you´re my sister. So, what´s wrong with that?” he says. 
Did that just come out of his mouth? I can´t believe it! I don´t believe it! That´s great news! I have a girlfriend and…I didn´t get my head bashed in. sounds like I´m having a wonderful day. 
“Everyone, news alert! There´s something in the sky and it´s coming towards us!” the holographic guide in the temple tells us as his voice can be heard…everywhere. 
We run outside down the very narrow steps and look up and there it is. Just like he warned. A flash of light in the sky! It´s almost like a lightning bolt! And it´s roaring like thunder in the sky. It´s a pretty small spaceship though, at least that´s how it appears. 
“What do you think it is?” Dante asks. 
“I´m not sure,” I respond. 
The spacecraft zooms across the skyline like a meteor crashing into the atmosphere. It starts to circle a field we´re near. 
“Do you think it´s one of the Arcs?” Danica asks.
A crowd has made its way onto the green pasture o have a look as the object begins to descend onto the field. I take a closer look and realize it´s not Uriel, that´s for sure. 
“No, I don´t think so,” I respond. 
I´m worried as I remember what Uriel told me. he pretty much told me that we have to watch our backs. And we have no weapons. 
Wait a minute! I see something on the ground, in the distance. I can´t believe it. Those old farts…they made it! And they´ve got their tank. How´d they…never mind, must´ve been the Gray´s idea. The Prosecutors live! 
“Let´s go!”  tell Dante and Danica as the vehicle has landed on the ground. 
It´s an interesting vehicle as it´s oval-shaped with three large spokes that look like antennae coming from the rear of the flying chariot. We run until we get very near it. Next to the cockpit there´s a rendition of a sun o some sort of star. 
“We fight with what we´ve got,” Danica says. 
“What´s that?” her brother answers. 
“Our fists! What else?” he responds.
I hope whoever or whatever it is isn´t hostile. That´s not what we need right now, that´s for sure. The cockpit window opens and a person slowly makes his way out. At least…he looks human. He´s a giant! He´s a bona-fide real giant! 
The large spaceman reaches for his helmet and slowly take it off. Yeah, it´s another astronaut but this one´s gigantic. We definitely know he´s not an Arc because he doesn´t have the same emblem either. His is…different! He´s got dark skin and a long brown beard. His eyes are not the same as the Arcs but they are crystal blue. And then h makes a wrong move. He takes out a baton as it turns into a staff. Is he friendly or is he our enemy? I know one thing. Danica doesn´t care as she yells, “Let´s get him boys!”
The crowd stands back and we come forward. We are ready for yet another tussle. I look at everyone´s hands as their fists are clenched. And here come the Prosecutors. There´s a certain rage in everyone´s eyes. They look like they´re ready as I am to protect our home. The one that´s just been given back to us. Oh boy, here we go again!
About the Author:
I hope you enjoyed this book. I really took some time with various rewrites to make the characters three dimensional and realistic and tried to make the story as entertaining as possible. This book is really about human consciousness, having the power to transform oneself into what he/she really want to be. Although it is YA Science Fiction, I still felt an urge to help the human populace find an identity individually as well as a whole. 
This is book one in a series of books which I hope to expand very shortly. What I would really like to do is to make my own universe. My own home away from home. Many authors try but fail to do so. Hopefully, my characters will stand the test of time. 
I am originally from Miami, Florida. My parents are from Cuba having traveled to Florida in the 1950´s. I studied at Barry University and got my Bachelor´s degree in Public Administration. So why write a book? Because while studying at the university I was offered an English Scholarship but decided not to take it. I realized all these years that this is truly what I like to do. Hopefully, after all is said and done, I can call myself an author, a writer. 
I have to give special thanks to my mom and dad for never giving up on me. My family and friends for telling me that they admired me for  following my dream even if I wasn´t so sure myself. I also have to thank my wife and baby. Without them, this would not have been possible.  
Coming Soon: The Fire Below         
