Kara Laquin wanted nothing more than to forget. Forget the past, live in the present, and ignore the future. When a massive solar flare destroys all electronics and throws the country into chaos, Kara is nearly a whole state away from her lost love, Blaine. He can wait only three days before moving on. With access to fuel limited, she must do anything necessary to get to him before he is forced to move on, but society is crumbling around her. Looters and murderers prowl the cities during the day, and something even worse roams at night.

3Days
Krista Madden


3 Days
Krista Madden
ISBN: 9781301141739
Text Copyright2012 Krista Madden
Smashwords Edition
Contact: madden3days@gmail.com
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
DEDICATIONS
My warmest thanks go out to all the people involved in making 3 Days a reality. To the Beards, for their encouragement and help. To my patient husband, Justin, for pretending like he knew what I was talking about, even when it sounded absurd. To Jandyn, for all of her helpful guidance and creative input. And to my Uncle Terry, for listening to every animated story I had to offer as a teen while cleverly adding, “That will make a great chapter in your book someday.”
“I will never regret you, or say that I wish I'd never met you, because once upon a time, you were exactly what I needed.” (Unknown)


Chapter 1
Blaine and I are just friends.
I told myself this every day, but it just wouldn’t stick. He was my first friend here in Nixa. A far cry from New York, but a job's a job, and my dad needed one, so we all got dragged along. I was about to start my freshman year of high school in New York, my home, but instead, there I was in podunk Missouri, so my dad could teach music. You'd think New York would be the best place to be a music teacher, but all the budget cuts and slashing of arts programs kind of ruined that. So, anyways, after I was ripped from my home and away from good friends, legal child abuse, I was forced to join my parents as they got to know the neighborhood. Luckily for me, Blaine only lived three houses down from mine, and he saved me from my mental parents. As our parents got to know each other, Blaine and I just thrashed the hell out of a bunch of ugly aliens that were attacking the Pentagon. I don't generally like video games, but Blaine had a way of getting me into it and making it all seem much more bearable. I enjoyed the simplicity of sitting with him, no prying questions from either side. Just good old-fashioned distraction with death gurgles of enemy space creatures coming from the television. We became friends almost instantly.
So there I was, nearly two years later. Still alive and making a new name for myself. Sitting in U.S. History class, my mind a fog of Civil War while Mr. Grant ranted on and on, not noticing three students had completely dozed off, I felt a finger digging into my shoulder blade. Blaine. I swatted his hand in protest. Not because I was paying any attention to what was being said at the front of the room, but because I could roughly predict what he’d ask, and I was not in the mood. 
“Kara,” he hissed, poking even harder.
“No,” I hissed back, “I'm not getting involved in this.”
Blaine had noticed Craig Stock was one of the students who had fallen asleep during the lecture. At the moment, he was drooling on his notebook in such quantity that the students around him, including Blaine, had been dipping the ends of strips of paper in it and sticking them to his face.
“Aw, come on. You're no fun.” He was pouting now.
“No,” I forced in a whisper. “Not cool.” I knew what he wanted. In the immediate area, I was the one with a cell phone that had picture messaging. And he wanted a photo of his work. 
“PLEASE…” Blaine hissed, now with both hands on my shoulders rubbing my neck. Oh, God, I wanted to melt. “I will owe you big.”
No fair! He knows back rubs are my weakness. That was his trick. He knew he could get my attention, and generally any favor, by rubbing my shoulders. I'm an anxious person and a neck rub was like instant Valium. With the impending Trig test after lunch, it was just what the doctor ordered. This is crazy. Why does he have this effect on me?
Unrelenting, he began to play with my strawberry blonde hair, twirling it and twisting it into a pony, then fluffing it back down to my shoulders. I felt myself giving in. “Fine!” I hissed back and reached into my bag. Flipping open my phone, I snapped a quick picture. “There,” I feigned anger, “happy?”
“Ms. Laquin!” Of course Mr. Grant would turn around right as I was snapping a photo. He charged back to my desk, eyes flashing with anger. Cell phones weren’t permitted on school grounds, but I was an exception. My parents raised a huge fuss and managed to convince the administrators that I needed to have my phone in case of emergencies where they needed to get in immediate contact with me. I was permitted to have it in my bag if I kept it on silent and did not use it at any point during school hours unless warranted by an emergency. The terms were agreed, and I had one on me ever since.
Mr. Grant stopped abruptly to the left side of my desk, hand out, palm up. “Give it here, Kara. You can get it back at the end of the day when you stay after for detention.” My face burned with embarrassment. Squeezing my eyes shut tight, and swallowing hard, I handed the phone in his direction. I only opened my eyes long enough to give Blaine a murderous glare, then faced the front of the room and sank down into my seat. 
After the bell rang, I stood up to leave class. There was no need to say goodbye to any of my friends because the school was so small we had the same classes together throughout the day. As I was rounding the corner outside of the history classroom, I felt a pulling sensation, like I had snagged my backpack on a nail. It was no nail. I knew it was Blaine. Stopping in mid-stride, I tensed my body. Before spinning around, I prepared to lay into him with such forceful words he would wish he was having a cavity drilled. But, mid spin, my eyes caught his, and I lost my nerve. He was usually a good foot taller than me, but you couldn’t tell right now because he was slumping. His bushy eyebrows were furrowed deep with remorse. I stared into his eyes, those huge brown eyes, hoping he couldn’t read my mind. We were locked in a gaze for what felt like a year, but was most likely three seconds, before he broke eye contact and began raking his hands through his scruffy brown hair. How do you do this to me?! I wanted to scream.
Almost as in response to my thought, he said, “I’m sorry.” He continued on with his apology for at least thirty seconds before I realized what he was talking about. For a short moment before his apology, I had forgotten about what he had convinced me to do in history class. This was a regular occurrence with Blaine. He had a way of causing trouble and making people forgive him almost instantly. He had no enemies because of it and was fast friends with just about everyone he met. 
I let him finish his piece while putting on a show of impatience. One thing I knew about Blaine was that it irritated him to no end if someone stayed mad at him. He would go to great lengths to try and lighten the mood. One time I got him to cluck like a chicken after stuffing seven large marshmallows in his mouth when he asked me if there was anything he could do to make up for the prank that was pulled on me the previous day. I gotta say, it definitely helped.
“Kara?” He had his hand on my shoulder now. 
“Sorry, what?” I must have been daydreaming for a second. Seven marshmallows.
“Are we straight?” He searched for forgiveness in my expression.
Even if I wanted to, I couldn’t stay mad at Blaine for long. Might as well forgive him now and save face, while sulking about it in my private time. “Yeah, we’re good.”
A look of complete relief washed over him, and he gave me a pat on the side of my arm before saying, “Okay then, see you next period.” He proceeded to give me a stage smack on the side of my face.
“Ugh!” I retaliated with a punch to his shoulder and shoved him in the rear with my foot before heading to my locker. Boys!

Chapter 2
Detention was so BORING. I honestly would have preferred hard labor to sitting in a classroom with a teacher across from me grading papers. Of all days, I had absolutely no homework, so I tried passing the time with doodling in my sketchbook. Sitting in Mr. Grant’s classroom after school with no other students around was sort of surreal. At one point I decided to look outside the window for artistic inspiration. The classroom was on the second level of the building, so there was an old oak tree reaching toward the windows. I let myself fall into a daydream where the tree came to life, and its branches reached into the open windows to pluck out Mr. Grant and toss him into the next county. Just as I was about to thank the tree in my daydream, I saw it move. At first I thought it was the wind, but this was more of a jerking motion than a swaying one. And then I saw an arm wrap around the fattest part of the branch and a leg hook over it. I knew those big feet anywhere. Blaine was climbing the tree. Almost as if on cue, Mr. Grant excused himself to the office to make copies. He shut the door to the classroom behind him, and when I was sure he was far enough down the hall, I shot to the window.
“What are you DOING?!” I hissed with force. “Are you trying to get me into more trouble?”
“I have come to rescue you,” he said with strain. He hadn’t quite gotten a good enough grip on the branch yet, and it was becoming obvious to him that, in hind sight, this was not the best idea. “It’s my fault you’re in detention, and I want to make it up to you. Come on.” He reached out his hand. “It’s easier than it looks.”
“Apparently. Because from here it looks like you are gonna give yourself a hernia,” I spat, trying as hard as I could not to snort with laughter.
“Well, do you wanna get out of there, or not? Make a decision, Laquin. In or out?” It didn’t matter what my reply was going to be because just then we were interrupted by a shout from the ground. “Hey! Who is that up there? Get down from there now before I call security!” It was Mrs. Qualls, the English teacher, which made it even more hilarious because she was generally as blind as a bat and hard of hearing. 
“Aw, hell, of all the times for the old bat to be bird watching and she sees my giant ass in a tree!” Blaine was straining even harder now to keep his grip. 
“Fine, have it your way!” said Mrs. Qualls as she stomped off toward the main entrance of the school.
“Oh, CRAP!” Blaine chirped as his eyes got wide and met mine. We both looked like a couple of owls at that moment, knowing full well what would happen if he didn’t get out of there before security came. One moment later, there was a sickeningly loud cracking sound as the smaller branch Blaine was clinging to gave way. I watched in horror as he slid down the side of the tree, waiting for another “crack” that might be the breaking of a bone.
“I’m okay,” he squeaked from the ground, and I watched as he hobbled across the courtyard to his pickup. 

Chapter 3
That night, I decided to delay my parents’ knowledge of my reprimand at school. It was bad enough being isolated in detention all afternoon, but having to listen to my parents’ lecture about responsibility was even worse. Blaine’s mom didn’t work, so, during most of the week, I would eat dinner over at his house. After all, a fifteen year old can only handle so many nights of pizza and coke. So, after dropping off my backpack in the kitchen, I started down the sidewalk to Blaine’s. 
As I turned up into his driveway, I saw a blue Pinto parked in front of Blaine’s house. Jared’s here. This should be an interesting night. 
Jared had been Blaine’s best friend since elementary school when they both got busted for stopping up the sinks in the boys’ bathroom during recess. What I had witnessed in the last two years of hanging around Jared was that he was somewhat of a quiet type, except when he was with Blaine. The two of them together was like unleashing the guys from Jackass along with the guys from MythBusters into the suburbs of the Midwest. Every task was turned into a theatrical affair, completed by a comedic injury of some sorts. But when Jared and Blaine were separated, he was very reserved and considerate of others. I knew this because we were partnered up for a project last year in biology, and when Blaine didn’t stop by my house to distract him, he took the project very seriously. 
Bracing myself for an evening of bodily function jokes and simultaneous drooling over Meagan Fox, I rang the doorbell. Luckily, Blaine’s mom, Dianne, answered the door. 
“Kara!” she chimed. “Your mom said you would be here for dinner, but I was beginning to think you changed your mind. Come on in, sweetie,” she said, stepping aside to let me pass. 
The Lassers’ house was a split level, and I only had to head down a few steps to get to the family room. Of course, I didn’t have to ask where the guys were, I could hear them cheering at the game on TV.
“Hey, guys,” I mumbled before plopping onto the couch in the space between both guys. Blaine didn’t take his eyes off the screen, but Jared made an effort to be hospitable. “Hey, Kara,” he replied. He was still avoiding eye contact. A few weeks ago, I had gone to use the bathroom at Blaine’s house, and Jared had forgotten to lock the door behind him. I walked in on him for a brief second and, without going into detail, things had been a little awkward between us since. Who could blame him? I was surprised he was willing to sit in the same room with me at all. 
“What’s the score?” I asked, not really caring, while grabbing a handful of popcorn from the bowl on the table. I had never really been into sports, but Blaine liked to talk trash about other teams, and I found it entertaining.
“Seven to three, Miami,” he growled, eyes glued to the screen. Blaine hated the Heat with a passion, and with them beating his favorite team, he was on the warpath. 
I watched him tentatively as he glared in the glow of the big screen. His jaw clenched in irrational hatred, the tendons in his neck tensing and popping with each bad call from the ref. The way he shouted through his teeth when his team was so close to getting a rebound. Admiring Blaine any other day sent my heart into a fluttery mess, but when he was angry, it stirred a desire in me that made my skin prickle with goose bumps and my face flush. I had always felt a desire for Blaine, but could never figure out a way to act on it. He was always changing his mood. Hot one minute, cold the next. Sweet and caring one day, to flirtatious “buddy” the next. I could never tell when it would be a good time to act on my feelings, so I retreated to the easiest path of just being friends and not complicating things.
Blaine and I are just friends. I would tell myself again and again. We can be nothing more.
“DINNER!” I heard Dianne shout from the kitchen. And that was all it took for the testosterone in the room to roam onward. Man eat. Man eat food. 
After dinner, I called my mom to let her know that I was going to be at Blaine’s a little longer. My friend, Crystal, was going to stop by and hang out with the three of us. It wasn’t uncommon for large groups to spend late nights at Blaine’s house. His parents preferred to have him and his friends at the house for odd hours of the night rather than them being out cruising the main streets of town. I guess it was their subtle way of making sure we weren’t drinking or doing drugs. It was fine with me. Dianne was an amazing cook. 
Crystal arrived just as the three of us had decided what we were going to do when she got there. The guys thought it would be hilarious to play “sardines.” A strange twist on “hide-and-seek” where one person hides and everyone else is the “seeker.” When someone finds the hiding person, they squeeze into the same hiding spot until the last person is left looking for several people smashed into a tiny hiding place. I tried to fight the decision when Crystal showed up and agreed it would be fun. I could see she noticed that Jared was hoping to play and, based on her recently developed crush, it may have swayed her decision. 
We started out easy. Blaine would hide because he knew what spaces in the house and yard were large enough to hold everyone. I was the one to find him almost every single time and, I have to admit, I spent most of the night hoping nobody would find us. This past spot was exceptionally small, and we were pushed up against one another, face to face. His breath smells SO good, I thought.
It really did. I was a little surprised because when the rest of us were choking down Altoids before the game, he declined the offer. But right now, we were practically touching noses. I turned my head to the side a little, just so he didn’t feel smothered. In hindsight, this wasn’t the best plan for someone trying so hard to stay “just friends” with a guy. I could feel the heat of his breath on my ear, moving my hair at the nape of my neck, back and forth, with every inhale and exhale. My heart was all over the place, and it was so quiet in the tiny closet we were in, I was sure he would hear it going wild. Trying my best to control my breathing, which was about to speed up any moment, I thought it would be best to strike up a conversation. “So,” I whispered near his ear, “who do you think will find us first?”
He must have been holding his breath while I was talking, because he blew out a heavy breath before his reply. “Um, huh. Well, Jared, probably. Because Crystal doesn’t know my house very well,” he breathed. 
I started to giggle. “I can’t imagine being able to get Jared in here with us. The room left in this closet could hardly hold a small bird,” I breathed, trying as hard as I could not to laugh loudly out of nerves. 
I could tell Blaine was amused. He was probably picturing Jared in the closet with us at that very moment (Jared was a little…husky) because he started to laugh at an audible volume. I felt myself panic. I didn’t want anyone to interrupt this intimate time between me and Blaine. Without thinking, I clamped my hand over Blaine’s mouth. “Shhh…” I breathed.
Watching his eyes go wide with delight, I couldn’t help but notice how warm his lips were. And they were on my hand. Imagining how soft and warm they would feel on my own lips. No. Drop your hand, you idiot. Blaine is just your friend. I lowered my hand, slowly, keeping it between us, my palm facing my chest. When I looked away, I felt his hand clasp around mine. He brought the back of my hand to his lips and brushed them lightly, side to side. Oh, my, GOD! What is he doing?  With his other hand, he cupped the side of my face, lacing his fingers through my hair. This doesn’t feel like a friend thing to do, my mind was screaming. My heart raced four times faster now, and my breathing was noticeably quick. There was no hiding the way his touch was affecting me. I felt my face burn as he grazed his thumb across my cheek. He didn’t have to pull me closer, the closet was small enough, but letting go of my hand, he pressed his hand into the small of my back, applying enough pressure for me to get the idea that he was attempting to pull me in. My skin burned with desire over every inch that he touched me. And then his eyes locked with mine. With a look of determination and intent burning inside the deep pools of brown, he tipped my chin back just enough for our lips to meet. I was frozen. I couldn’t move. I felt my knees get weak, like they might collapse, but thankfully the closet was too small for my body to bend. If I was going to fall, it would be into Blaine. I had never been kissed before, but secretly, I had always hoped Blaine would be my first. As he pressed his lips into mine, my mind went to another place. 
I was in the woods, camping. At least, that is how it appeared. I saw a tent off in the distance. Jared was there, wading through the creek, gathering water in a canteen. Just as I began to wonder why Jared was in my daydream, Blaine sneaked up behind me and wrapped his arms around me. He was locking my hands around a crossbow, showing me how to prep it for a shot. I turned my head to the left and saw some other people I didn’t recognize pitching their tent in the distance. Two medium-sized black dogs ran toward us from out of the creek as Jared followed suit. What the hell?!
And then I was back in the closet, kissing Blaine with a passion I didn’t know I had in me. We were pressed so tightly to one another that I couldn’t tell where his body ended and mine began. It was then that he broke the connection, pushing away, both of us panting like we had just ran a mile. 
He looked at me, almost in horror, and screeched, “What the hell was that?!” Guess we aren’t whispering now.
Still in shock, I flustered for a reply, “Sorry…I just thought…er…well, you pulled me…well…you pulled me in!” My frustration was growing, mostly because the kiss left me tongue tied to the point of a talking stupor. But also because he made me feel like an idiot for letting him kiss me. 
“No…I mean…yes, but...I saw...” His frustration was just as apparent. He began raking his hands through his hair again, something he would tend to do when nervous.
What could he have seen, the daydream? It couldn’t have been as simple as that. It was so real. Surely, he didn’t see what I was thinking, that’d be impossible. “Yeah…I…saw something…so weird.”
Before we had a chance to compare stories the closet door flung open. “FINALLY!” Crystal huffed, “We have been looking for you guys everywhere!”
I looked at Crystal, then Jared. I could only imagine what Blaine and I looked like after our make-out session in the closet. Jared’s eyes were wide, as if he knew exactly what was going on. When Crystal’s mouth turned to a devilish grin, I felt my face burn red hot. Without making eye contact with Blaine, I leaped out of the closet, gave a rushed, “I have to get home,” and bolted for the door. All I wanted at that moment was to bury my face in my pillow and disappear. 

Chapter 4
After a night filled with vivid dreams and tossing as well as turning, I welcomed the Saturday morning sunrise. Lying in bed, I couldn’t stop thinking about the night before. I had my first kiss, and it was with my good friend, Blaine. I should have been excited, giddy even. But something just kept weighing on me, the daydream. Or at least that was what I would call it. It didn’t make any sense that Blaine would have known what I was seeing. Yet the scene kept playing through my mind, like a movie, over and over. Something didn’t add up. Who were the other people in my dream? I had never met them before. And why would Jared be in one of my dreams too? He didn’t look happy, following the dogs out of the creek. There was one other question that was left unanswered. Could I make the daydream happen again? Well, I was most definitely willing to try it out.
I rolled toward my nightstand to check the time, 6:34 am. Although my dad was away at a teacher’s convention at the lake, my mom most likely would not be awake yet. She valued sleeping in on Saturday mornings when my dad, the early riser, was out of town. She would be in bed until around 10 am, my best guess. Swiping my cell off the table, I powered it on. Last night I had shut it off, knowing that Crystal would have called wanting the “dirt” on what happened before they found us last night. Not being in the mood to explain any part of it, I just thought it would be easy to shut off my phone and let her create whatever naughty fantasy she saw fit in her mind. 
The screen on my cell lit up, showing that I had five missed calls. Crystal. I fully expected they were all from her. To my surprise, one of the calls was from Blaine. He had left a voicemail, so I listened…
“Kara. Listen. You ran out before we could talk. I don’t want you to think I am a douche bag since I didn’t get a chance to tell you I was sorry for freaking out on you. I haven’t been able to concentrate on anything else since you left. Please call me back, or just come over as soon as you get this. Don’t worry, I will be awake. Later.” Blaine’s voice rang in my ears for a good 30 seconds. He had reacted poorly last night. That was true. But I hadn’t been the model of manners either. I played the message again for no reason other than to hear his voice again, and then I jumped out of bed.
I pulled on a cream-colored cardigan over my blue bohemian dress I had pushed to the back of the closet. Knowing it was supposed to be warm outside, I pulled my long, strawberry-blonde hair up into a loose bun and secured it with a comb. Never being one to wear loads of makeup, I felt it necessary to “pretty it up” with some mascara and lip gloss before taping a note to the refrigerator for my mother.
Once I was out the door, I had to make a conscious effort not to run, although my legs were eager to keep up with the pace of my rapidly beating heart. Blaine only lived three houses down the street, but it felt more like three miles. It was difficult for me to focus on one thought. In the sixty seconds that it took to walk to his house, I had bounced around from one thought to another:
Is it too early? He did say “as soon as you get this.” Maybe I should have waited. Is he going to think I am too eager? Maybe he regrets kissing me last night. Maybe I should just play it cool until he brings it up. Oh great, I am sure Crystal will have the whole school buzzing by Monday morning about last night. I wonder how fast she could text if I broke her thumbs…
It was at the last thought that I had as I rounded the edge of Blaine’s driveway and glided to the door. 
Raising my hand up to ring the doorbell, I was just about to push the button when the door opened. Blaine was standing behind the glass, circles under his eyes, but with a look of relief at the sight of me. Without a word, he let me into the house, took my hand, and dragged me past the kitchen (where his parents were reading the paper) and into the family room. Just as I was starting to get a little motion sickness from the quick run to the other room, he swung me around the end of the couch and plopped me down while he remained standing directly in front of me.
“Um, hi,” I mumbled, half smiling.
Blaine avoided eye contact with me. This was not good. “Oh, yeah. Sorry. Hi.” He spat the words while staring at his shoes, the coffee table, and pretty much any other object that wasn’t attached to me. “Listen, let me start out by saying I am sorry for freaking out on you last night. I just didn’t expect us to do that, and what I saw kind of threw me for a loop, ya know?”
“Oh…kay…” I stated slowly. I felt like I was trying to talk a jumper off of a ledge. One false move or wrong word might send him free falling into a cement oblivion.
Barely acknowledging my comment, he continued, “I have wanted to kiss you for such a long time. You have no idea. I just never knew if you felt the same, and I was afraid you would take it wrong, and it would change everything. I mean, I know that is sort of a stupid way of thinking, but how was I supposed to know it would happen like that. You were so close and you smelled so good…” So did you, I thought. “…and if I was wrong in thinking that you would kiss me back, I’m sorry. I just thought you felt the same way and—”
“You’re right,” I interrupted. 
“—then I pushed you away and embarrassed you by freaking…” he stopped in mid-sentence to look at my face. Finally, my mind was screaming. “Wait, what?” His eyes went from sorrowful to relieved and, for a brief moment, I thought I saw desire in them.
“I do feel the same way,” I said slowly. Sitting on the sofa, looking up toward him, I couldn’t stand being more than two inches away from him now. He was right, everything was changing. We weren’t just friends anymore, and we would never be that way again. Sure, if everything went back to the way it was before we kissed, we could carry on the same way. But we both would always have the memory of when we took our friendship just one step further. 
Blaine’s worried expression fused to a smile and then almost instantly back again. He was battling with something in his mind and didn’t know how to put it into words. He opened his mouth in an attempt and said, “You’re gonna think I’m crazy.” 
Knowing that nobody could be as crazy as I felt, I grinned with my reply, “Try me.”
We swapped descriptions of what we saw during our kiss. Something about each of our versions was slightly different, but the main details were almost identical. We were both in the woods, camping, Jared was there, and there were two dogs. However, in Blaine’s version, there wasn’t a creek, and it was during the night. The scene in his vision gave off a more negative tone. Nobody was smiling, and each person sat staring off into the distance in anticipation of something that might hurt them. 
“It was like we were afraid of something that wasn’t there. I couldn’t see you, but I felt like I knew you were sitting beside me,” he whispered.
Listening to Blaine’s version sent a shiver up my spine. Mine was so light and friendly, with the sun shining and the creek sparkling. It reminded me of being on vacation. 
“But what does it mean? We have never been camping together before. So I know this isn’t something that has already happened.” I was trying to wrap my head around the entire thing. In less than twenty-four hours, I had kissed Blaine and seen something beyond explanation.
After comparisons, we came to the conclusion that, although we couldn’t figure out why, we had some kind of strong connection that caused us to have similar visions. Neither one of us had ever shown signs of telepathy, but for some reason we could communicate on a subconscious level. And that connection was strongest when we kissed. Beyond that, it was going to take some research and a lot of trials. I blushed at the thought. 
What we couldn’t understand was why there were some discrepancies between the two visions. Mine was so safe and bright, while his was so frightening and dark. 

Chapter 5
Later that night, while my mom was at her book club meeting, I decided to do a little research online. Bringing up my browser window I typed telepathy between two people in the search box. What I found out wasn’t much different than what I had heard in stories or on TV, but there was one site that had a different point of view on the subject. After clicking the link, it read:
When two people experience a strong spiritual connection, it is said that they can communicate with each other through feelings, images, and desires. This can be done by touch in many circumstances, but without touch when the mind is open and unyielding. 
It went on to describe how some people were born with the gift of clairvoyance and never unlocked it until later in life when something in their spiritual beings aligned and set it free. 
So, where did this stand with me and Blaine? Our spiritual selves were connected somehow, and only when our souls connected could we see similar visions. But the article was saying we were clairvoyant. Like psychic? That was way more than just friends. 
I immediately dug out my phone and texted Blaine:
DID SOME RESEARCH ONLINE. 2 MUCH TO XPLANE. MEET ME @ LINGO’S 2MRW @ 1PM.
Impatiently, I stared at my phone, waiting for a response.
K. CAN’T WAIT.
The next morning was the longest morning of my life. I had not seen Blaine since the day before, early in the morning. Even then, we were both in such a state of shock, and we hardly had time to talk about the two of us as a couple. At least, I thought we were a couple. We both expressed feelings for the other, but after our talk, we made no effort to kiss goodbye or even hug. 
I decided to wait for Blaine inside Lingo’s and get a table. Lingo’s was a little burger station in the strip mall across the street from our Walmart. Everyone around would tell you that Lingo’s had the best burgers in town, and their crowded dining room served as proof. It was a family-owned restaurant, and the owner was nostalgic. In the past, people asked him if he would ever consider moving to a bigger restaurant, and his reply was “Why? It’s difficult to ignore someone when there’s little space between you and them. Think of me as a matchmaker!’ 
He’s right. After all, it took a tiny closet and a game of ‘sardines’ to get Blaine to make a move. I felt my face get flush at the memory just as the bell chimed in the front door. I immediately stood up and waved to him over the crowd of people waiting at the take-out counter. He slowly made his way through the crowd, excusing himself as he bumped and wedged through a group of tweens. 
Once he was free of the throng of kids, he pulled me in for a hug. He smells so good.
“I made it! I thought I was going to lose a limb there for a second,” he laughed. Clearly his mood was much improved since the day before. 
Looking back toward the crowd, I couldn’t help but laugh in reply. “Yeah, I thought we were going to need the jaws of life to pry you out from between Team Edward and Team Jacob!” We both burst into more laughter and sat down. It took me a minute to realize that Blaine had not let go of my hand yet. He was softly stroking the backs of my knuckles with his thumb, side to side. I couldn’t help but stare at our hands sitting atop the Lingo’s menu. He caught my gaze and pulled his hand away. “Oh sorry, are we not to that point yet?”
I hadn’t realized it, but his touch had made me feel safe, happy. When he took his hand away, it felt as if I were swimming against the current of a stream, pushing and pushing against the heavy water forcing me back. My heart dropped in my chest, almost as if I was plummeting thirty stories to my death. As my throat became dry, I swallowed hard and forced a reply, “Um, please put your hand back.”
He must not have heard the distress in my voice, and I was relieved. He probably assumed I was just giving him permission to hold my hand. But it was much more than that. Ever since that kiss a couple of nights ago, my bond to Blaine was becoming even stronger. When he wasn’t with me, I longed for his company. And when he was with me, I couldn’t stand being without his touch. Eventually, just being in the same room as him would not be enough. If I felt that horrible when he let go of my hand, I didn’t want to ever think about what I would feel if anything ever happened to him. 
Clinging to Blaine’s hand, I gathered my composure before speaking again. I told him about what I had found online and the possible reasons behind our visions. He was skeptical at first, but then recalled a time when he was a child where his mom had been hurt while he was at school, and he had kept telling the teacher he hurt his knee. The teacher, seeing nothing wrong with his knee, continued to ignore his story and carried on with class. Later that day, Blaine’s dad picked him up from school because his mother had fallen down the stairs at work and broke her knee. 
When Blaine finished telling his story, a chill ran down my back. What we saw in our visions could very well be the future. And the realization of that fact sent us both into a shiver.

Chapter 6
After lunch, we walked out to Blaine’s car. Since Crystal had dropped me off at Lingo’s, I was going to need a ride home. When we got into the truck, Blaine put his keys into the ignition and just sat there, frozen, staring at the steering wheel.
Worried, I prodded, “Hey, are you okay?”
Waiting for his reply, I sat cautiously, not taking my eyes off of him. In a split second and all in one motion, Blaine had reached toward me, wrapped his hand around the back of my head, his other hand around my waist, and kissed me hard on the lips. At first, I flinched back, starting to resist. But then my desire took over and I laced my fingers into his hair while I retaliated. Closing my eyes, I was relieved that I had not seen any visions yet, so I retreated entirely to moment. 
Opening my eyes, I was staring straight at a shelf of canned green beans. My thoughts were swimming, oh not again! From what I could gather, I was at a grocery store. There were canned goods, bread, and boxed foods strewn all over the shelves and floor. The sun gleamed brightly through two shattered glass panels at the front of the store, behind the registers. I was glad there was sun because, looking up at the ceiling, I could tell the power was out. And the smell! Oh it was a horrible smell. A quick look around told me why. All the frozen foods, meat, and dairy had been sitting in their coolers thawing. The power must have been off for a month, based on the rancid stench that was permeating through the store. 
I couldn’t hear anything, but I could see Jared, again. This time he was standing at the end of the aisle shouting something behind me, laughing. I turned around to see who he was shouting at, and it was Blaine. They were tossing a loaf of bread over me in a twisted game of “monkey in the middle.” Blaine threw the bread over my head, to Jared, and walked over to me. With sympathy in his eyes, he held my face in his hands. It wasn’t until he swept this thumb under my eye that I realized I was crying. He was saying something to me, but it was muted. Why couldn’t I hear anything? I didn’t care. I was with Blaine. I felt safe and warm with him. Like nothing was important but the very moment we were in right then. And it was then that he tipped my head up and kissed my forehead.
We were back in Blaine’s truck. After we pulled apart, breathing heavy, my heart was racing so fast I could hardly catch my breath. Looking around, I acclimated myself back to reality. The windows were fogged up and in a muffled tone, I heard one of the kids in the parking lot laugh and holler, “Get a room!” I was having trouble getting my bearings. The vision was so real, the things I saw, the things I touched. I ran my hands along Blaine’s truck seats. They felt real enough. Patting my hands on my chest and arms, I felt the softness of my cotton shirt. Touching my chin, then my cheek, something wasn’t right. My cheek was wet, and my eyes burned with fresh tears. “Are you crying?” Blaine’s voice pulled me back into reality. Unable to respond with words, I leaped across the seat and latched onto him in an embrace so close a pencil would not fit between us. He wrapped his arms around me, and I buried my head into his chest, sobbing.
When I was finished blubbering like an idiot, I released my clutch on Blaine. Laying his hand on my shoulder, he whispered, “You okay?” Finally making eye contact, I could see he was pained. It wasn’t until I had finished convulsing in sobs that I noticed his hands were shaking. 
I had no idea what gave me the urge to cry like that. In the moment, a feeling washed over me like the tide on a rocky beach. I hadn’t seen anything that would make me cry. I mean, the scene in my vision wasn’t a carnival, but what I was experiencing didn’t put me in a mood to sob. Then I remembered myself in the vision. There was a tear running down my cheek while Blaine held me in the aisle. But why was I crying? The guys were teasing me, but that was nothing new. And just like that, it occurred to me. Blaine and Jared were trying to cheer me up. So the biggest question was why did I need cheering up?
Still struggling to find words, I jerked my head up in a half-hearted attempt at a nod. Even though I had spent a good length of time sobbing, and likely had no tears left to cry, I was still fighting the urge to bawl. Staring Blaine in the face, I could see he was stricken with a horrified expression. All the color was gone from his face and his eyes struggled to focus on me. It was easy to see that whatever he had witnessed was much worse than my vision. Without a word, he turned the key in the ignition, put the truck into drive, and pulled out of the parking lot.
Neither one of us spoke the entire ride. Blaine pulled the truck in front of my house but never put it into park. He was staring directly at the dash, a look of grief on his face, as if it physically hurt him to say what he was about to say. “I need some time to think. I’ll call you later tonight. Okay?” he asked, his voice cracking with every word. 
Still unable to speak, I nodded in response. Blaine did not touch me the entire trip home. We had spent the ride in deafening silence, a foot apart. That ten-minute drive was an eternity without his touch and, at the moment, his hands were glued to the steering wheel. I wanted to hold him, pull his head into my neck, and cause the pain shooting through my chest to subside. I could feel myself getting weak, having him in the cab so close to me, without a single kiss or brush of his hand on mine. Before leaving the truck, I needed reassurance that he was okay. Lifting my hand slowly, I gently placed it on the back of his shoulder. The warmth of his body under my palm instantly sent an energy surge through my arm and relief washed over me. It was then that Blaine dropped his shoulder away from my hand, and my heart fell. “I’ll call you tonight,” he said, staring back through the windshield.
Stepping out of the truck, I closed the passenger door. He hardly waited until I had stepped back before pulling away, and I watched as he pulled into his driveway down the street. I felt my body getting weaker by the minute, my chest so heavy I could barely hold it in place. It was as if gravity was pulling me harder than anything else. When I got to my room, I locked the door, climbed into bed, and buried myself under the covers. I didn’t want to see anything, do anything, or talk to anyone else. Clinging to my cell, I drifted off to sleep waiting for Blaine’s call.
He never called.

Chapter 7
The next morning, my alarm rang with fury. With a groan, I hit the snooze for the third time. I was not in the mood for school today. Still woozy from the events of yesterday, staying in bed seemed like the best idea. I wondered, briefly, if I would be convincing enough for mom to keep me home from school, but instantly remembered why I was so miserable. Blaine. It was being without him that had made me so sick. Staying at home would be another day without him. It would only get worse.
With this thought, I fell out of bed and crawled to the closet. I squeezed into a pair of skinny jeans, a pink camisole, and my favorite purple cardigan. Standing in front of the mirror, I slipped on a pair of silver ballet flats and pulled my hair up in a messy bun. After one last look at myself before leaving, I came to the conclusion this would be all I had time for, grabbed my bag, and rushed to the bus stop. 
Arriving at the school, I searched the parking lot for Blaine’s truck. Nothing. Bright green, it wouldn’t be difficult to find in a sea of cars. I remembered, a few months ago, when his dad bought the truck for Blaine’s sixteenth birthday. I immediately noticed its uncanny resemblance to the inside of a kiwi. But currently, its absence was definite. He must have been running late.
Rounding the corner into Mr. Grant’s classroom, I could sense butterflies rising in my stomach. Every day, in Mr. Grant’s class, Blaine sat behind me. Today, I was more excited than ever that he would be there again.  I took my seat, heard the bell ring, and began to stare at the door, waiting.
Ten minutes went by, followed by twenty. Mr. Grant’s words came through like the teacher on Charlie Brown, muffled trumpet sounds in the distance. Thirty minutes, then forty, complete agony. Why was he not here yet? My butterflies tangled and twisted into a knot. Soon, my knees began to weaken beneath my desk. Forty-five minutes, and my chest became heavy again. Forty-seven minutes, the air was thick, making breathing more difficult. My palms began to sweat, my mouth getting dry. It took a conscious effort to swallow as beads of sweat began to form slowly on my forehead. Fifty minutes, almost an entire hour without him by my side, or even in the room. I noticed a couple of students staring and realized it was time to get out. With the way things were progressing, getting out of my body would be my first choice, but getting out of the room would have to do. I decided to excuse myself to the bathroom. I began to raise my hand, a sensation of being covered in mud, heavy as an elephant. I managed to choke out, “Um…Mr. Grant. May I please be excused?” To my advantage, his back was to the blackboard, giving him a clear visual of my condition. He gave me a nod, granting me permission, and continued flipping through pages of the text book. 
Standing didn’t seem the hardest part. My knees would hold me once erect. Walking would be my greatest challenge. I strategically placed one foot in front of the other, pulling the cinderblocks that were my ankles along with me. The door in the corner of the room became fuzzy, my vision getting snowy like a bad television channel and edged in black. I extended my hand to brace myself on the desk at the front of the room just as everything went into total darkness.

Chapter 8
I awoke to a strange room. The sun shone brightly, through the slats of huge vertical blinds, onto the tiles of a green linoleum floor. I was in a hospital.
The clock on the wall read half past six o’clock. Across the room, Blaine sat slumped down in a chair, his arms folded, head cocked to one side, sleeping. Why is Blaine here? I thought. I held my head against the pounding and winced. A moment later, the nurse walked in. “Oh, good, you’re awake,” she whispered, clearly trying not to wake Blaine, snoring lightly in the corner. She gave my IV a quick check, glanced over at Blaine and back to me as she said, “You have a sweet boyfriend. He has been worried about you this whole time. As soon as he got here, he wouldn’t leave your side. He even sent your parents home to get some sleep last night while he stayed here.” 
Shocked at the word boyfriend, I replied, “Um…he isn’t my…I mean, he’s a friend.”
A look of bewilderment struck her face and she said, “Well, then you have got one really great friend.” She smiled while making a note on her clipboard before quietly leaving the room.
I stared at Blaine, sleeping in the chair. Boyfriend? Why did she think he is my boyfriend? Blaine and I were just friends. He has never expressed anything more. 
Blaine’s snoring grew louder, and I couldn’t help but snicker. A fast food cup sat on the table beside my bed. Blaine’s I assumed. Beside the cup lay a few unused napkins, sparking an idea. I began to grab one napkin at a time and wadded each into a tiny ball holding them in my lap. One by one, I launched them with the hand lacking an IV needle. Completely void of the abilities of a left-handed pitcher, I missed on the first two attempts. Finally, the last one hit him square in the nose.  He flinched with a snort and opened his eyes. Still half asleep, he took a minute to realize what had happened. Patiently, I waited for it to click completely, and he jumped to my side.
“You’re awake! How do you feel? Do you need anything?” A deadly firing squad of questions.
I waited for him to take a breath before hitting him with mine. “What happened to me? The last thing I remember is detention with Mr. Grant and then, poof, I woke up here. And why did the nurse think you are my boyfriend?”
His expression faded from relief to horror, and he said, “You really don’t remember what happened?”
“No. I mean, I remember you getting me into trouble. I remember taking the trig test after lunch. And then I remember sitting in detention, daydreaming. After that…nothing.” My gut told me something was missing by the look on Blaine’s face. 
He began to rake his fingers through his hair. “Listen, Kara, you fainted in Mr. Grant’s class and hit your head on a desk, pretty hard. You really don’t remember?”
“No. I fainted in detention?” Confusion overwhelmed me now. I had no memory of being the slightest bit ill. In fact, I remembered sketching the oak tree outside the window before awaking in the hospital. 
“Kara, you fainted about two days ago, and you had detention about two days before. You really don’t remember what happened between detention and when you fell?” He sounded concerned now. Why was he so worried about me, and why did the nurse think he was my boyfriend?
“I can’t…I don’t remember anything after detention. Why? Did something bad happen?” I searched his expression in my own desperation to figure out what had managed to escape my memory.
He looked toward the door. “Hang tight. I’m gonna get the doc.” He stormed out, leaving me no chance to question him further.

Chapter 9
After what felt like an eternity, Blaine returned to the room, followed by a doctor with a thick southern accent, who introduced himself as Dr. Miller. He asked me a series of questions including the year, if I knew my age, and directed a light into my eyes to check my pupils. “Well, Kara. I don’t see anything wrong with your cognitive function. Your vitals are good considering the hit you took to your head. Best I can figure, you have temporary amnesia caused by the trauma to your head. Usually, people come out of it shortly after getting back to their regular routine. In a couple of weeks, you may have some pieces of your memory return. I don’t see a reason why it would become permanent, but the human brain is a very complex organ. It’s quite possible you may not have the memory of those days return at all, but highly unlikely.” He glanced back at Blaine with a half smile, turned back toward me and said, “Since you are awake, we will need to monitor you for another twenty-four hours or so, and you should be able to get back to your own bed before you know it.” He proceeded to give me a light pat on my shin before leaving the room.
I looked up to Blaine, searching for answers in his eyes. He was staring down at the floor, avoiding eye contact. He looked horrified, almost as if Dr. Miller had given me a prognosis of death. He didn’t speak, wringing his hands over and over while leaning against the window sill. My patience wearing thin, I said, “Are you gonna tell me what I missed, or what?” The look on Blaine’s face scared me. Had something happened in those two days before my accident warranting being withheld from my knowledge? Had I knocked over a liquor store and went on a bank robbing crime spree? What in the hell is going on? 
In response, Blaine straightened up and hurried his reply, “I need to call your parents. They need to know you’re awake.” And with no time to protest, I sat alone in my hospital room.
      Blaine avoided making conversation the rest of the day. My parents showered me with more affection than I remembered receiving in the last ten years while he sat in the distance overlooking us. I didn’t understand why he felt compelled to stay. Not speaking the entire time he sat here, what reason did he have for being there at all? Whatever happened during those two days had changed him in a very negative way.

By noon the next day, the hospital allowed me to be releaed. Aside from the lapse of two days from my memory, my tests had come back normal, leaving me fit to head out. The night before, I had asked Blaine to go home and get some rest. He looked horrible, dark circles under his eyes, and probably needed a real shower. He didn’t fight me and, in hindsight, I was relieved he wasn’t there to witness my tossing and turning. Restless, and depressed from confusion, I didn’t get much sleep the night before. But when I woke this morning, Blaine sat in a chair across the room, waiting. 
Today, despite the awful weather outside, I felt more like myself. What a cruddy day to be heading home. The overcast outside threatened to storm with the smell of rain in the air. Although my parents had to be present for my release, Blaine insisted on driving me home. Without protest, I hopped into his truck. We traveled in deafening silence, uncharacteristic of Blaine. Always expressing a need to fill silence with jokes, or his singing – more comical than melodic – but for him to drive without a word, or so much as a goofy smirk in my direction, was definitely out of the norm.
I had had enough. “Okay, brain damaged doesn’t mean deaf. You gonna talk to me, or what?”
Blaine let out the breath he had been holding and gave me a half smile. “Is that what you want?”
“Well, I have never been good at charades, and I make a crappy mime, so yeah, it would be nice.”
He smiled again, this time bigger. Now we are getting somewhere. With his mood brightening, I decided to push my luck and get some answers. “You gonna tell me what happened in those two days that I can’t remember, or am I going to have to read about it in the school paper? You still haven’t filled me in, and I am beginning to think I did something beyond embarrassing. If I did, tell me. I can take it. Did I strip down naked in the middle of history class and do the Macarena on Mr. Grant’s desk? Or worse, in the middle of the pep assembly? You’ve got to help me out here. I am in the dark, big time.”
I studied his face carefully as the smile faded to a hard line. He glanced in my direction before cementing his gaze back to the road. With a heavy sigh, he said, “You really don’t remember that day, after detention? Me climbing the tree, getting caught by old lady Qualls?” The idea of Blaine climbing the big oak outside the school made me giggle inside, the picture he planted of Granny Qualls in my head, shouting at him, a bonus. 
“You did?!” I half snorted, trying not to laugh aloud. 
“Well, yeah!” he snapped back, sounding irritated. “What about that night, when you, Crystal, and Jared came to my house. Remember? Sardines?”
“Ew…” I never ate sardines, they creep me out. “We ate sardines?” My stomach reeled at the thought.
“No. The game, sardines, the game. We played it, all four of us.” A hint of impatience was in his tone.
“Oh. Well, no. Like I said, all I remember was sketching that tree and that was it.” I looked down at my shoes, consciously aware of my inability to pluck two days of my memory out into the open.
I allowed a long moment of silence before adding, “Just tell me what happened.” We pulled into my driveway. My parents weren’t here yet. They had wanted to stop at the drugstore to pick up my prescription on the way. Blaine put the truck into park and locked his eyes with mine. His breathing unsteady, he had pain in his eyes, as if looking at me hurt him physically. We were locked in a stare for what seemed like an hour before he broke eye contact and looked down at his hands. In a hurried tone, he answered, “Nothing happened, just a normal weekend. You left after the game, went home, we played video games with Jared the next day, and on Sunday, we went to Lingo’s for lunch. I overslept Monday morning when you fell, so I didn’t see it happen.” 
I opened my mouth to ask more. I knew he had kept something from me. But as I did, Blaine flew out of the driver side of his truck, ran to my door, pulling it open. I stepped out at the very moment my parents were pulling into the driveway to let us into the house, ending our discussion. 

Chapter 10
Blaine and I are just friends.
An annoying fact I had to remind myself of every day. I enjoyed being with Blaine, and I knew he liked having me around. Most guys expect a female friend to leave so they can hang with their guy friends, but Blaine never asked me to go, and Jared didn’t seem to mind either. We were like the Three Musketeers, except when Crystal came over, making us a “fearsome foursome” as Mrs. Lasser liked to say. 
Two months had passed since my accident, and I still had no memories of the two days I had lost to amnesia. But it didn’t matter now, things were back to normal again, mostly. As much as I would like to have thought Blaine had been in better spirits, it was apparent he was putting on a show. Sometimes, when he thought I wasn’t looking, I would sneak a glance at him from across the hall at school and recognize agony in his features. When I was around, he forced a smile and tried to make me laugh. To everyone else, he was the same old Blaine. But in my eyes, I could see him dying inside, little by little. It killed me to look into his eyes and watch the brightness dimming slowly every day. Blaine held a secret. One so dark he refrained from sharing with anyone, not me, not even Jared.
But carry on we did. For the first time in two months, I started to think everything would be ok. We had nearly finished cleaning out our lockers at the end of the day, getting ready for our first day of summer vacation. Jared came up to me and shoved his yearbook into my abdomen without even looking in my direction, and said, “Here, sign.” I exaggerated a grunt, pretending like he had hurt me with his callous way of approaching. Just then, a football came barreling through the air in our direction and smacked Jared in the shoulder. “What the heck, man?!” Blaine had thrown a pass that, apparently, he had not let Jared know about beforehand. Jared rubbed the sore spot on his shoulder. 
Blaine came running up to us, laughing hysterically. “You’re supposed to catch the ball, not bounce it off your jelly rolls.” Jared looked to me and blushed. Clearly, Blaine had just embarrassed him. Suddenly, his mouth turned up to a devilish grin, and I knew Blaine would be getting something in return. Without taking his eyes off of me, Jared swept his leg behind Blaine’s and hammered his hand into Blaine’s chest. In the count of two, Blaine had been knocked on his ass. His face burned red hot, and while he gathered his bearings, he growled, “You’re gonna pay for that!”
As Blaine pushed himself off the floor, Jared’s expression took a turn for an exaggerated look of fear. In a small voice, he chirped, “Uh oh!” and set off in a sprint for the door. Yup, summer was here, and the boys were ready to play. Yes, everything is going to be all right.
Blaine pulled the truck over in front of my house to let me out and proceeded to hold a fist out to me in anticipation for me to bump knuckles. With a limp fist, I retaliated and said, “You and Jared still planning on going camping next week?” With the statement, a huge sense of éjà vu washed over me. Weird. 
“Yup. Got all the gear ready, we just have to wait until Jared gets paid,” he replied, unaffected. It’s not uncommon for Jared and Blaine to take long camping trips in the summer. They loved the outdoors and were really good at survival stuff, like building fires and finding shelter. “See you tomorrow night?” he added.
“Only if you promise that you and Jared won’t toss me around like a rag doll!” I laughed, but I was only half kidding. They played too rough some of the time. 
He put the truck in drive and, while pulling away from the curb, shouted out the window, “I can’t make any promises!”

Chapter 11
Opening the front door to my house, I had an instant feeling of dread. It was as if I knew something bad was going to happen, and I could feel its energy all around me. It was then that I noticed my parents were sitting at the kitchen table, serious looks on their faces. They asked me to come and join them, and it was then that they dropped a bomb on me. Since finishing grad school, my father had been settling for a teaching position at a nearby high school. But now, he was offered a much higher paying job teaching at a college about three hours away. He had accepted the offer last month, but they didn’t want to fill my last month of school with worry, so they waited until now to give me the news. It would mean we would have to move. I had the rest of the month to say goodbye to my friends and pack. We were moving in only two weeks! 
While sitting in my room, staring at the wall, only one thing popped into my head. Blaine. When I moved, I wouldn’t be able to see Blaine every day. The thought of being apart from him made my stomach hurt. He would never know what he means to me, or how he made me feel, because I had been so stupid all this time and didn’t tell him. My chest began to get tight, as if someone were digging a bolder into my sternum. I clutched my middle, grasping at my shirt. Curling up in a ball on my bed, I gave in to the pain and sobbed. Blaine and I are just friends. That is all we will ever be. 

Chapter 12
The next day, I kept my plans with Blaine and Jared and headed over to Blaine’s house. We played video games, joked around, laughed, and ate pizza. I kept up a front of everything being normal to avoid having to drop the news on them both that night. I wanted the night to be special. It wouldn’t be if I added my moving drama to the mix. So I was surprised when, after Jared walked out the front door to go home, Blaine asked me, “All right, Laquin, what’s up?” Looking down at me, he wasn’t buying my act. With an anguished sigh, my lip began to quiver. I don’t know what compelled me to do it, but I threw my face into Blaine’s shirt and bawled for what seemed like forever. In response, he just wrapped his arms around me and combed his fingers through my hair. I felt so safe, so warm, in his arms. Finally, when I was sure I could hold my composure, I pulled back. “Sorry,” I sniffled, wiping my eyes with the back of my hand. 
“Wanna talk about it?” Blaine offered, guiding me back into the family room. 
I plopped myself onto one end of the sofa, and Blaine sat on the opposite end. Looking up, my gaze met him square in the face, and I told him everything.
It came as a shock for Blaine too, but he seemed to be handling it well. I guess while consoling me he had managed to talk himself down as well. Or maybe he was glad I was moving. Surely it couldn’t be that. He was giving me a speech that was more grown up than I would have thought Blaine was capable of, but he was. When he was finally finished, we agreed that I would tell the rest of our group tomorrow at Lingo’s, so there wouldn’t be a scene. It would be easier for me having to make the announcement in public. I would be less likely to cry with a crowd full of people around me.
And so that next day, we carried out our plan. It would have gone perfectly had it not been for the fact that we had no idea Crystal wasn’t afraid to cry in public. We spent most of the lunch consoling her. She finally left with Jared, eyes red and swollen. 
The next couple of weeks were a blur. Blaine and Jared had postponed their camping trip for the week after I left, so they could get as much time with me as possible before the move. Blaine made sure my last couple of days were packed full of activities, so I wouldn’t have time to think about leaving my friends. We went indoor rock climbing, hiked on the trails, visited the zoo, and played Frisbee golf.  We would have been in a paintball war if Jared hadn’t pulled his hamstring during our hike. The “fearsome foursome” had never had so much fun before, and we were all exhausted by the end of each night. It was the best sendoff anyone could be privileged to get.

On my last night, Blaine had nothing planned because I had to finish packing up my stuff for our trip early the next morning. So, while I was stuffing my clothes into a big brown box, I was surprised to hear the doorbell at 9 pm. Hearing muffled conversation out in the hall, then a knock on my bedroom door, I opened to find Blaine standing on the other side. His face looked ragged, and there was pain in his eyes. He was gripping two envelopes so hard they were crinkling in his palms. He smoothed them out and handed them to me, slowly. “These are for you. I won’t be there in the morning when you leave. I think it is better that way. Everything I want to tell you is in this letter.” He pointed to the envelope marked “READ NOW.” Then he pointed to the envelope marked in bold red lettering “DO NOT OPEN UNTIL MARCH 12, 2013 @ 5AM.” Okay, that is a little exact. 
Before I could say anything, he rushed down the hallway and out the front door. A horrible thought occurred to me in that moment. It might be the last time I would ever see Blaine again. And I felt a tear roll down my right cheek.

Chapter 13
I closed the door to my bedroom, shoved a pile of clothes out of the way, and sat at the end of my bed. I couldn’t take my eyes off of the two envelopes in my hand. The envelope with the date marked on it seemed so strange to me. I have seen people label items “DO NOT OPEN UNTIL XMAS,” but this was taking that to a whole new level. I tried to think of a way that the date on the envelope was significant. What would I be doing in the spring of 2013? Well, the only thing I could think of was graduation. No matter where I went to school, I would be a senior that year and preparing for graduation. Maybe this was his way of standing beside me when I did. I respected his wishes and began to rip open the envelope labeled “READ NOW.” Smoothing out the lined notebook paper, I quickly realized there wasn’t much written. The letter read:
Kara, 
I know you won’t understand why I will not be there tomorrow to say “goodbye,” but you have to believe me when I say it is better this way. In fact, you are really going to hate me when I say we cannot see, or speak to, each other ever again. It has nothing to do with the way I feel for you, I care for you deeply. More than you will ever know. It is just something that has to be done. One day, in the future, this will make perfect sense to you. I have something of a dark cloud that follows me, and I can’t bear to see you follow in its wake. Always know that I will be praying that you are adjusting well to your new life, and please don’t let me hold you back from moving forward. 
With a heavy heart, I say “goodbye.”
Blaine
I felt like I was going to be sick. No. I knew I was going to be sick. My stomach was doing flips as I felt the bile rise to my throat. I ran down the hall, letter in hand, and locked myself in the bathroom. I lost everything I had eaten earlier that night, along with every secure feeling I had remembered having. 
The move was quick, and the drive seemed too short. Maybe it was because I wasn’t looking back, or because I drifted in and out of consciousness, napping along the way. I had been up all night, comforting my mother by faking a stomach bug. I had nothing left, in my stomach, or elsewhere. As soon as the tires hit the interstate, I made a promise to myself. I would never let myself hurt like this again, never let anyone break me the way Blaine did. I had thought we had a connection, a friendship deeper than just sharing fries at Lingo’s. But I had been wrong, and I wasn’t going to let that happen again. So I put up a wall that nobody could get through. Blaine and I were no longer friends. And nobody else will be either.

I spent all of my free time jogging. In the last 18 months, I had managed to avoid social situations and coast through school with average grades. It felt as if the only release I could get from my thoughts was in the woods. I was lucky to have found trails that were challenging enough for me. I was becoming quite fast, and some trails were so short I would have to run them three times before I got tired. My parents were constantly worried about me, prying every chance they could get. But I had become a notoriously good liar. I only had to keep up the front for a few more months and I would be graduating. 
It was the beginning of spring in my new town, 2013, only a matter of days before I would turn 18 and set out on my own. College was out of the question. In the time since our move, I had given up on any dream of having a future in art. It seemed sort of pointless to be around all those people learning how to draw when I preferred the solitude of an empty room. Being anti-social was my new normal behavior, and it showed. 
Running was my release. It was my party, my alcohol, my drug. It was the cure to the constant pain that ripped through my chest every day. When I was running, it was as if I left my body and went somewhere else. I didn’t have to be me while my feet were hitting the ground, one in front of the other. I didn’t have to be Kara.

Chapter 14
After jumping in the shower, I sauntered to my room. Running a brush through my wet hair, I looked at the mirror atop my vanity. Slid into the crease between the frame and the glass was the envelope. DO NOT OPEN UNTIL MARCH 12, 2013 @ 5AM. I stared at that letter every day since the day we left. Behind it, tucked away, was the letter that I had opened that horrible night. 
I should have torn it up, flushed it, burned it in a fireplace somewhere. But for some reason, unknown to me, I kept it. I don’t even know why. It just seemed like something I had to do. I stared at it, weather-beaten, stained, and worn from bouncing back and forth in my room. Twice, I had thrown it away, tossing it into the trash bin, then losing my nerve and fishing it out. But I had no idea what Blaine had written in that letter, and I burned with the constant need to find out. Sure, I could have cheated and opened it earlier, but something told me it would be worth the wait. Something inside me just couldn’t let go of the fact that what was written in that letter was more important than any expectation I could possibly give it. And until the date labeled on it, that letter was Pandora’s Box.
Glancing at my calendar, filled with a red X on each day that had already passed, I noticed today’s date: March 11. I had been waiting eighteen months to open it, one more night wouldn’t hurt. Before curling up to sleep, I set my alarm for 5 am. I was going to hear from Blaine, one last time.

Before the sunrise, I was woken by the sound of R2D2 on crack. Ugh, I hate that stupid alarm! Smacking it with my hand, I shoved my head under my pillow. What had I been smoking, thinking of waking up this early on a Saturday morning? And then it occurred to me, THE LETTER! I threw the covers off of me, and darted for my vanity. Taking a seat on the stool, I plucked the letter from its most recent home. Tearing open the end, I couldn’t stop my fingers from shaking. After slipping the notebook paper out and smoothing it down, I read:
Kara,
I love you— 
I stopped reading. Hell, I stopped breathing! Blaine loved me, at least at one time. Why didn’t he put that in the first letter? Why did he make me believe, all this time, that he didn’t want to have anything to do with me? No contact, that was what he said. It would be better if we didn’t speak, he wrote. Those are not words from a guy who loves someone! If this were 2 years ago, I would have been jumping up and down squealing, drawing hearts on the cover of my binder with BL+KL inside. But this was now, after nearly a year and a half of thinking he didn’t want anything to do with me. My only reaction was anger. As my face burned hot with contempt, I continued reading:
Kara, 
I love you, I always have. Saying goodbye to you was the worst thing I will have had to do up until this point. You mean the world to me, and I couldn’t let you hurt and worry, knowing what I know now. By now I hoped you would have regained your memory of those two days that were lost from your fall. But if you haven’t yet, here is the truth. You and I kissed.
Wait, WHAT?!
Yes, kissed. In fact, we kissed twice. Once at my house, and the other in my truck at Lingo’s. But it wasn’t just any normal kiss. When our lips touched, we saw things. Things that haven’t happened yet, but were definitely going to. Before your accident, you saw them too. Being close to you opened a part of my mind that I had not been using until that moment, and it triggered a sort of sixth sense in me. After the second time we kissed, you cried. I don’t think you knew why, but I saw it in my vision. After that day in my truck, I started seeing things in my dreams, and many of my questions were answered. You moving away was a good thing at the time because I didn’t know how to explain why I was preparing for something that wouldn’t happen for nearly two years. I can only hope you weren’t so angry with me that you would throw this warning away. If you are reading this, it means you trusted me enough to wait. And I need you to continue that trust with what I am about to tell you.
I had a vision one night last week that put all the pieces together. We knew something bad was going to happen, but we couldn’t tell when or what. That night, I got the information we needed.
I stopped reading long enough to gather my thoughts. What was Blaine trying to say, that he was psychic? That I was psychic? My anger cooled into flustered confusion. So I continued reading:
Something huge is going to happen. Something that humanity cannot avoid. A solar flare. NASA tried calculating the exact point in time when it would happen, but they screwed up and it was wrong. It will come with an intensity not even they can predict. When it happens, you’ll know. Everything that runs on electricity will shut down, and there is nothing to get it running again. There will be mass chaos among people everywhere including looting, trampling of others, and even murder for supplies. The human race will diminish a great deal from this alone. But then there will be something, we did not anticipate, another threat. It is difficult to explain, but it has always been here. We just never knew it before.
Okay, now he was just reaching. This had to be one of his jokes. He was probably waiting by his cell for me to call him, so he could laugh until milk came out of his nose.
Here is what you need to know to survive…
It will happen today between 7 and 8 am. My visions weren’t clear about the exact time. I know your parents are out of town right now. They will be fine.
How did he know that?!
This all happens before they get on the plane, before anything could happen to cause a crash. Others will not be this lucky. Know that you will not be able to go to Denver to get them.
I continued reading, the details causing me to shake uncontrollably. Tears were streaming down my face.
Here is the most important thing. I can only wait for you at my house for three days, no longer. Know that I will leave no earlier than that. Do whatever it takes to get to me. Drive, bike, run, for all I care, but don’t give up until you get here. I will be waiting. Pack everything you can carry to sustain you for the next few days and nothing more. I have been preparing for this for two years now, and I will have everything we need to survive longer. It is likely that I am packing my truck while you read this. Please be careful, trust nobody, and get here as quickly as you can. And travel only during daylight, it’s better to stay hidden at night. I will explain more when you get here. I love you and will be praying that I haven’t hurt you enough to ignore my plea. Remember, three days…
Blaine.

Chapter 15
I sat staring at the letter, shock running through my body from head to toe. This letter was like a clipping out of a sci-fi book. Solar flares, mass chaos, unknown threats. Steven King couldn’t come up with a better plot. It all seemed so made up, like something Blaine and Jared would try and convince me was true back in the past. If it weren’t for the account of the details of my parents’ whereabouts, I would have ripped it up and thought it fiction. But something in my soul said it had to be true, I wanted it to be. If it were true, that meant Blaine had a reason for the way he had acted after my accident. He had a reason to keep me away from him all this time. It may have been hard to believe, but every cell in my body was willing to believe it. And then I looked at the clock: 6:12 am. I had supplies to pack.
I couldn’t believe what I was doing. In my head, it seemed so silly, but I was driven by an unknown force, pushing me to follow the letter’s instructions. I dumped every school item out of my backpack and grabbed anything I could find that was nonperishable, stuffing it into the pack. Rushing back into my room, I slipped on the most comfortable pair of jeans I owned, a graphic tee, my dad’s old college sweatshirt, and my running shoes. Even though it wasn’t in the letter, I grabbed every bit of cash I could find in the house. Then I pulled my hair back in a pony, packed the letter as well as a picture of my parents, grabbed my car keys and shot out the door. 
Dropping my bag onto the passenger seat, I shoved the key into the ignition. Starting it up, the dash lit up. I had a quarter of a tank left in gas. That would definitely not get me to Blaine’s. Glancing at the clock in my car, I noted the time: 6:55 am. I had, at the very least, five minutes to get to a gas station before the solar flare hit and caused the electronics on the pump to lock up. I jammed the shifter in reverse and peeled out of the driveway. When I got to the gas station, the clock read 7:03 am. Either my clock was slow or this thing wasn’t going to happen until later. Still feeling the urge to hurry, I shoved the pump into my gas tank and started pumping. I dialed my parents’ cell while the gas poured into my car. On the other end of the line, it only rang once and then my cell went dead. The lights under the awning of the fuel station went out, and there was a low groaning sound as the gas pumps shut down, mid flow. I had only pumped one gallon before it shut down. The clerk behind the counter was walking toward me from across the lot. “Looks like a power outage. How much did you pump?” I told him and he responded with, “No sense in you waiting for the power to come in to pay. Just give me a couple bucks, and we will call it even.” He was already putting plastic bags over the pump handles while I fished out two dollar bills and handed them to him. “You have a nice day, miss. Sorry for the inconvenience.” You have no idea. I forced my best smile and got back in my car. 
CRAP! My thoughts were screaming words that would make a sailor blush. What was I going to do now? I had enough gas to maybe drive an hour. After that, I had no idea what to do about transportation. Leaving town, I got a glimpse of what Blaine had mentioned in the letter. Everywhere you looked, the power was shut down. That included the traffic lights. There were collisions at every intersection with car owners standing outside arguing. Some were looking up at the traffic lights scratching their heads in confusion. As far as I could see, there was not a single light working. They were all black against the dim light of the morning. 
So far, everything Blaine had written was happening. Out of habit I turned on the car stereo...static. Thinking maybe I had it set between stations, I used the dial to tune it to a different station. More static. Not one station, AM or FM, that was working. In the beginning, it seemed convincing enough to take the initiative of heading out of town, but now it was solidifying more and more as each minute passed. Blaine’s prediction was real, and it was happening now. I knew now that I had to do anything I could to get to Blaine and fast.
Assuming that no cop’s radar gun would be able to work with all electronics down, I kept my foot heavy on the gas pedal. My plan was to speed through most of the miles I had to travel by driving as fast as I could to close the gap. I got about 30 miles down the interstate before my car began to whine in protest. Smoke began to roll out from under the hood, and the engine seized up after making a loud clattering sound. No, no, NO! Not now. Pulling the car over to the shoulder, I groaned and pounded my fists on the steering wheel. I still had about 200 miles to cover, and I was not off to a very speedy start. 
While exiting the car, I grabbed my pack. “Piece of JUNK!” I hissed, kicking the front tire as hard as I could. “Buy a Toyota, sweetheart, even the old ones last forever,” I mocked as I slipped my arms through the straps of my book bag and began to jog. Yeah, well, that doesn’t hold up if you buy a lemon! I thought to myself as I picked up speed. 
I knew I wasn’t going to be able to jog the entire trip, but until I found another option, I wanted to get there as fast as I could. After about ten miles, I had reached my limit and began to walk. Off in the distance, I saw a sign for a rest stop. After using the restroom to clean up a bit, I ventured out to see if I could find any other way of getting to my destination. The rest stop was completely bare. There wasn’t anyone in sight, not one car, not even a semi truck. Totally vacant and creepier the more time I spent there.
To my left, on the wall outside ladies room was a vending machine with sodas and bottled water. I had only packed a few bottles of water to save energy from extra weight, but realized I hadn’t thought it through. I had assumed I could refill my bottles with a water fountain wherever I went, and it was apparent, now, that a drinking fountain didn’t operate without electricity. I was going to have to get drinking water from the machine, but I wasn’t going to need a dollar, not that it would have worked without the power anyway. The machine had a flimsy plastic front that held the advertising logo. I was sure I could break it if I put some force into it. Taking a quick look around me, to make sure I was really alone, I backed up from the machine. Getting a running start, I charged toward the machine, lifted my leg up, and kicked the logo as hard as I could. It cracked sending my foot to get lodged in the broken plastic on either side. 
After pulling my foot free, I investigated the broken area. Shoving my hands through the hole, I yanked the giant cracked pieces of plastic free, tossing them behind me. There were some mechanical gadgets blocking access to the bottles, but I noticed a space between the top of the mechanism and the roof of the machine. If I could wiggle my fingers through the slats just enough to grab the cap of one of the bottles, I could inch it slowly to the top and grab it with my other hand. This process took forever, but after about twenty minutes, I had managed to get two bottles free. And that would have to be enough for now.

Chapter 16
I had gone about thirty more miles, alternating between jogging and walking, before the sun was threatening to set. I decided to stop at the nearest town, to find shelter. Keeping to listen to the letter, and not risk traveling at night, I was determined to be still by dusk. Relieved in finding a twenty-four hour diner at the next exit, I made my way through the doors. It was all but deserted, with one older man standing behind the counter, wringing out a rag and wiping it down. “Got nothing cold, and the meats gone bad on account of the power goin’ out, but if you want some pie, I got a couple slices of apple left.” He was smiling at me as I slid up onto a stool beneath the counter. I dropped my pack on the stool beside me. “You ain’t a runaway, are yins?” He traded his gaze back and forth, between me and my bag. 
“Nope. I just like to hike.” No sense in telling him what was going on, after all, Blaine said not to trust anyone.
It was obvious that he didn’t buy what I was selling him, but he gave up on the interrogation anyway. “If you ain’t gonna eat, you gotta leave,” he added, pulling a slice of pie off the pie stand and setting it on a plate in front of me. “Two dollars and fifty cents.” I put the money on the counter and began to nibble at my pie as slowly as I could. I was going to need to take microscopic bites to make it last until dawn.
When night fell, the man behind the counter began lighting candles at each table. Grateful that he had not decided to close the diner because of the power outage, I settled myself into the corner booth with my plate of half eaten pie in front of me, and my bag beside me on the bench. Noticing the owner was keeping a close eye on me, I propped my fork in my hand and balanced it on the edge of my plate. With my arm on the table, I settled my head into the corner of the wall and shut my eyes. The owner must not have cared as much as he let on because it must have been a couple of hours before I was awakened by the sound of glass shattering at the front of the diner. I heard shouting from the owner and then the sound of a shotgun going off. In a panic, I grabbed my bag and ran for the very back of the diner behind the kitchen, where the walk-in freezer stood. I crawled into it as quietly as possible and slowly clicked it shut. There were two rows of shelves on the right side, on the farthest one, at the bottom, there was a space between the first shelf and the floor. It was just big enough for a person to cram into. I stuffed my bag under it, crouching down enough to squeeze through, then pulled the largest box I could find in front of it to cover me. 
I lay there for an eternity. It had to have been that long by the way it felt. Barely allowing myself to breathe, I sat in silence. Somebody was shot, and I was pretty sure it was the owner of the diner. But I wasn’t going to poke my head around and ask. Just then, I heard footsteps coming toward the outside of the walk-in. There were two voices, muffled enough that I couldn’t make out what they were saying. That was when I heard a sound that made my heart start racing and put my stomach in a knot. The latch to the walk-in was being released. The door creaked open, and I heard the shuffle of four feet coming toward me. I held my breath. Oh my GOD! 
I prayed that the box was keeping me hidden as well as it was blocking my view of who had walked into the freezer. The men — I had come to the conclusion they were men — began pulling things off the shelves. They completed their task in total silence, stopping to listen for anybody that might be stupid enough to interrupt. I still wasn’t breathing. Finally, they left, slamming the walk-in door so violently I thought it might have come off its hinges. Allowing myself to breathe again, I listened carefully for any indication that they had left. When I was sure they were gone, I pushed myself out of my hole and set up camp in the freezer. Because of the power being off all day, I could handle the slight cold that was left. And whoever had been in there before had cleaned out everything on the shelves that was worth taking. There was no chance they would come back tonight. Just for safety sake, I slept close to the hole.

Chapter 17
When the sun rose the next morning, it peeked through a crack between a damaged portion of the freezer door and bounced off of the aluminum wall, hitting me right in the eyes. It reminded me that I had survived one day, and I only had two more to go. Walking wasn’t going to get me there in time, I needed wheels.
Walking out to the front of the counter in the dining area, I found the owner lying face down on the floor, a pool of blood surrounding his body. I felt my stomach lurch and could taste the bile rising in my throat. Swallowing hard, I reminded myself that there wasn’t any time for being squeamish, I had to get moving. Doing a search of the diner, I saw that it was covered in shattered glass. The two large doors were completely annihilated. I ran outside to look for something I could use as transportation, anything with wheels. I saw a bike leaned up against the side of the building, upon closer examination, I noticed it was missing the back tire. No dice. I spun around again and then I saw it. An old car, two doors, with rusted bumpers was parked on the side of the building. It looked like it had been a teal color at one time, but the paint was almost completely worn off in most places, and rusted through in some others. It didn’t matter to me what it looked like, as long as it moved!
Praying that the owner trusted enough to leave his keys in the ignition, I flung open the door. No luck. I needed to head back into the diner to search for the keys. Taking care not to run over the owner, I leaped behind the counter and began to turn the place upside down. Do everything you can to make it to Blaine’s, I kept reciting in my head. I checked the drawers, no keys. I checked the cash register, which was as old as dirt and easy to break into, no keys. The kitchen, the freezer, the bathroom, all with no keys. There was only one place left to check, and I was dreading it. He had been lying in a puddle of his own blood all night, and his clothes were soaked through. There were six pockets I would have to check. I started with his back pockets just to be sure. Then I moved on to his apron pockets and got lucky. I grabbed the chain and cleaned it up with a towel, along with my hands, then sprinted for the car. 
Putting the key in the ignition, I prayed I had enough gas to get farther than I did last time. The engine groaned and roared, followed by a loud chugging as it continued running. The gas gauge showed empty, but old cars sometimes did that even when the tank was full, so I put it in gear and rolled out of the diner parking lot. I tried to forget what I had seen and focused on ways to survive the next two days and one night. 
Once on the interstate, I made it sixty more miles before the car began to sputter and lose speed. I knew that sound. I was out of gas. Pulling the car over to the side of the road, I grabbed my pack. Before heading out on foot, I searched the trunk of the car for any supplies that I might need. 
In the trunk, I found a pair of needle-nosed pliers, a crowbar, and a tire iron. I knew I could use the crowbar but didn’t think it was practical to attempt carrying it while on foot, so I shoved the pliers into the front pocket of my pack and zipped it closed. Then I took off on a jogging pace. Lack of sleep the night before was wearing on my energy. I couldn’t run as often as yesterday, and I was moving a lot slower. This was going to cut it if I only had a day and a half to get to Blaine. Three days. 
I came to a little stop off the side of the interstate that had a small strip mall, gas station, and a souvenir shop. I didn’t need supplies, but I was still in desperate need of another set of wheels. It wasn’t until I was almost completely up the hill that I noticed the place was abandoned. Every window was shattered completely, and the contents of each place were thrown everywhere. It looked similar to the scene at the diner, but, as far as I could tell, there were no dead bodies. Oh please, let there be no dead bodies, I begged wordlessly.

Chapter 18
Cautiously, I crossed the parking lot to the strip mall. Every window was shattered, making the space seem like an empty shell. “Hello?” I crowed, wondering if it was in vain. “Anybody here?”
Then, I heard a shuffling of feet on broken glass from the back of the store, “Yeah, we’re here.” Coming through the back door of the shop, a woman and a child — probably about the age of ten — walked in. The child was blonde, and her hair cut in a bob to her chin, wearing pink overalls. She was holding a large dustpan, while the woman began using a push broom to sweep up the shards of glass. Staring down at the woman, I realized she couldn’t be any older than mid-twenties. If she wasn’t the little girl’s big sister, then she must have had her at a very young age. 
“Just tryin’ to pick up after that tornado that ripped through here last night,” she said.
I couldn’t recall a storm last night, but I had been sleeping in a huge freezer all night, so it was a possibility. “Tornado?” I replied.
“Well, yeah! What else could there be that would do all of this damage?” she croaked, a bit of irritation in her voice. “First, the power, now this? It’s going to take all week to fix this stuff. I can’t even get the phones to work, so I can call the insurance adjuster to come out and start a claim. You don’t happen to have a cell do you?” she asked me with hope in her eyes.
“No, sorry,” I lied. My cell was useless anyway. Time was running out for the day, and I needed to find a ride. After canvassing the store for a minute, I realized what type of shop it was. I was standing in the middle of a store that sold odds and ends of sorts. They had Route 66 coffee mugs, various Missouri sports team bobble heads, and t-shirts with “real men wear camo” printed on the front. I wasn’t going to find anything that I needed in this place. I decided to walk along the strip mall and check out the other shops. I had already spent way too much time in one place and was losing daylight, fast. 
The first two stores were useless, a candy shop, men’s wear, and the third was a novelty adult store, definitely wouldn’t be able to get any use of that. It wasn’t until I came to the fourth, and final, shop on the strip mall that my heart skipped a beat. It was a Yamaha motor bike shop. Something about the store struck me as odd. Not a single window was broken, not even a scratch. Every shop in the area sported smashed windows, and inventory that had been thrown around, except this one. Knowing the destruction wasn’t caused by a tornado, I couldn’t help but wonder why someone would destroy all of the other shops and not even come close to touching this one. 
I pressed my face up to the glass and cupped my hands to the sides of my eyes to look in. The floor had a small show room, but there were three dirt bikes on display. On one of the bikes, I could see the key in the ignition. It was bright green, with a silver strip that ran down the entire length of the body. I had never driven a dirt bike before, but I was willing to fake competence in order to make it to Blaine in time. I looked around the parking lot. Across the lot, the little girl was playing on the sidewalk, her mother hauling buckets of broken glass to the dumpster. If I was going to make my move, I needed to do it now. Blaine had told me to do anything that was necessary to get to him in three days, and I was about to take him up on it. I ran across the lot and walked through the trashed store front of the gas station’s convenience store. “Hello?!” I called, making sure nobody was there. 
“They aren’t here. They shut the station down last week. Getting ready to sell it,” called a voice from the other side of the lot. It was the woman, standing by the dumpster. She then turned and walked back inside, kid in tow.
Without responding, I stormed into the store, found a tire iron in one of the sale aisles and made my way to the Yamaha shop. When I was about three feet from the glass I gripped the tire iron like a baseball bat and reared back for a swing. As soon as I was close enough, I used all my strength and forced the rod through the plane of glass in the door. No alarm rang, I didn’t expect it to. With no power, even the best alarm systems wouldn’t work. As I was using the tire iron to scrape the sharp edges off of the sides, I heard a voice screaming from across the lot, “HEY! WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING?!” I looked behind me long enough to see the woman running across the lot, toward me. I ran inside and unlocked the large glass panel door, which they used to get the bikes through, shoving it open.           Swiping a helmet out of the display case, I shoved my head into it. Just when I was mounting the green dirt bike, the woman came charging in, planting herself in the path of the bike’s front tire. “You can’t just break in and take this!” She was furious, but I could see the apprehension in her expression. She was frustrated that her store was destroyed, angry that I was breaking into this shop, and terrified that I might have a gun. Seeing that the sun was starting to set, I knew I needed to get out of here and find shelter for another night. 
While flustering to figure out how to start the bike, I responded, “You can call the cops if you want. Oh wait, the phones don’t work. Haven’t you noticed that no phones are working, not even cells? Something is happening right now that even I can’t explain, but I can tell you something for sure,” I motioned my hand to all the broken shops in the lot, “all this was not caused by a tornado.” I found the kick start on the bike and bit down hard with my heel. The bike roared at first, humming as it went into idle. I raised my voice over the sound of the motor. “There is something bad, all around. They’ll kill you if you confront them. I have seen it happen. You need to get your little girl home now and hide!”
She shook her head in disagreement. “You’re crazy,” she shouted over the engine. “I don’t believe you. Criminals will say anything to get away.” She was right. It did sound crazy, especially when I said it aloud.
I pulled the bike forward at a crawling pace until I had gotten it out to the lot, the woman following. “I don’t have time to sit here and convince you, and I don’t know much about it myself, but I can tell you this. It isn’t safe at night.” And with that I sped off, weaving and wobbling as I took the exit back to the interstate. I was relieved to find that there was at least a half tank of gas in the bike. These bikes had been known to get lots of miles to the gallon, and it would be enough to get me to Blaine’s for sure. It was getting dark, and I needed to find a place to sit for the night.

Chapter 19
Making the decision to get off of the interstate and take the back roads was the best idea I’d had yet. There were houses, stores, and shelters of all sorts, along the side of the road. On the horizon, the sun threatened to touch the earth, so I pulled over to evaluate my surroundings. There was a gas station about a half mile up the road, a diner directly to its right, and an abandoned shack about halfway between me and them. I opted for the shack. Remembering the night at the diner, how the intruders took supplies from the freezer, I figured an empty place would be the safest at night. Luckily, it was just big enough for me to bring the bike inside with me. Sitting on the weed overgrown, dirt, floor of the hand built shed, I pulled my bag onto my lap. Slipping the letter, that Blaine had written me, out of the side pocket, I let my eyes adjust to the dim light of the sun setting and read it again. 
Kara, I love you...I can only wait...three days...do whatever it takes...Blaine. 
His words bounced around in my head like a psychotic pinball machine. Blaine loved me. He wanted to protect me. We had kissed, and I had no memory of it. The idea of what I didn’t understand, what kept me in the dark all this time, was mentally draining. I laid my head back against the rotting plank wall of the shed-like shack and fell into a dreamless sleep.

Chapter 20
I awoke, later, to the sound of tires screeching. No, not tires. It was far off in the distance. The wind carried the sound to me in bursts. It wasn’t tires, sirens maybe? No, that’s not it. And then, with sudden realization, it hit me. Oh God, that’s somebody screaming. Almost as quickly as it took me to discover the sound, it stopped. There was a huge crashing sound, glass shattering, and what sounded like tin cans being thrown out into a driveway. I pulled my knees to my chest and buried my head in them. There was nothing in my little shed that should attract anyone, but I wasn’t sure who these people were or what they wanted. All I knew was I didn’t want to end up like the diner guy.
In my head, I counted to a hundred. I heard footsteps in the grass outside; they surrounded me. I held my breath and felt a tear run down my cheek. There was muffled conversation, but they didn’t come close enough. I couldn’t make out their words. Terrified, I prayed they would leave. They shuffled around some more, said something I couldn’t understand, and then, finally, I heard their footsteps heading away. 
I let out a huge breath, slowly. This was my second night of being in danger, and I was doing it alone. It felt like I was the only person on earth. I had one more day to go. If I didn’t get to Blaine in time, I didn’t know how I would be able to face this entirely on my own. That was the only thing keeping me grounded the idea that when I got to him, Blaine would be there to protect me. Until then, I had to keep myself alive. Blaine loved me.

I didn’t sleep the rest of the night, even though I needed it badly. When the sun started to peer over the horizon, I began to fish through my bag. I had one bottle of water left and a stick of beef jerky. Breakfast. Thankfully, the small quantity wasn’t a problem due to my lack of appetite. It’s amazing how little food you crave after fearing for your life each night. 
Capping off the bottle of water, I stuffed it back into my bag. Slowly, I pushed open the door to the shed, flipped the kick stand up on the bike, and pushed it out into the open grass. Mounting the bike, I pulled the helmet over my head and slipped my shoulders into the straps of my bag. I was so close to Blaine, I could feel it. It was like a force was pulling me in his direction. 
The rest of the trip was a blur. I decided to get back on the interstate, fearful of the gruesome scenes I might encounter on the back roads. Today, I was more at ease on the dirt bike. Not like my wobbly self, yesterday. I welcomed the quick breeze that blew through my sweatshirt as I sped down the interstate. As I traveled farther and farther, I began to notice more vehicles on the side of the road. Abandoned with, I had assumed empty gas tanks. The sun was higher in the sky by the time I neared Blaine’s town. Almost there, I told myself. Pulling into town, I passed Lingo’s. In a quick glance, I saw it had been pulverized. An instant memory of the diner owner, from two nights ago, flashed through my mind. I pushed the memory to the back of my thoughts, hoping that the owner of Lingo’s had not suffered the same fate. 
Rounding the corner onto Blaine’s street, my heart began to race. Every house in the neighborhood looked like it had been hit by a hurricane. All the windows were busted out, doors ripped off their hinges, and garage doors looked like they had been driven into head on. Instantly, I knew. This street had been hit by the Intruders. No, Blaine!
Increasing my speed, I passed my old house, and pulled into Blaine’s driveway. Removing my helmet, I noticed his truck was not there, and there were no other cars parked in the driveway. Panicking, I jumped over the crumbled threshold, and ran throughout Blaine’s house, calling, “Blaine! I’m here. Hello?! I got your letter, I’m here.” I searched every room, but there was no answer, the house was empty. With the awareness that I would continue to be alone, I sank down against the wall at my back and cried.

Chapter 21
I cried until my eyes ran dry before picking myself up off of the floor. The silence in the room made my ears hurt. And then I heard it, the sound of several feet shuffling over broken glass. Suddenly, I couldn’t breathe, my stomach was in my throat. Footsteps were moving through the house, slowly, above my head. I remembered where I heard footwork like that before, the Intruders. On the brink of hyperventilating, I searched the room for a place to hide. To my right, on the wall, there was a door to a tiny closet. Hitting the floor, I crawled into the closet and folded myself into a ball at the back corner after quietly closing the door. There was absolutely nothing for me to hide behind. I could only pray that the Intruders would get discouraged before deciding to look inside. It was then that I remembered I had left my backpack right outside the door. STUPID! There was no time to go back out and grab it as I heard the padding of footsteps coming down the stairs into the family room next door. Don’t notice the bag, don’t notice the bag! There was a gap under the door of the closet that let the sunlight shine through, allowing me to see shadows moving along the floor. 
When the shadow of two legs eclipsed the light in front of me, I held my breath. My hands were shaking now, and my knees were getting weaker. Mentally, I ran through different ways to defend myself in the event that the Intruders would find me. Not one of them seemed practical. Suddenly, a shadow stopped directly in front of the closet door, stopping my heart. I heard the click of a gun’s hammer being set. Instantly, I was overcome with anger rather than panic. If they had a gun, there was a very real possibility that I was going to die. And if I was going to die, I wasn’t going to die without a fight. A surge of adrenaline coursed through me, and I ignored my heart’s dangerously quick pace. My knees near buckling, I stood slowly, and crouched enough to leap at my attacker. I saw the doorknob begin to turn, and I squeezed my eyes shut tight. It was the longest three seconds of my life before the door flew open, and I held my ground.

Chapter 22
I felt an arm grab the shoulder of my shirt, pulling me out into the open. I kept my eyes shut, screaming, while the Intruder was wrapping their arms around me in restraint. My arms were pinned. With my back to them, I kicked in protest, my legs flailing in vain. 
“Kara?” Jared’s voice cut through my screeching, and I silenced myself, opening my eyes. Covered in sweat, with my hair matted to my face, I looked at Jared through the strands. Panting from my fit, I managed to choke out, “Jared?”  
He smiled, and lowered his hands, one of them gripping a small gun. With a half-hearted laugh, he said, “Holy crap, Kara! I could have shot you! What were you doing in the closet?” He sounded irritated.
Relief washed over me like a rain storm. Someone I knew! I didn’t care what happened. I wasn’t going to be alone anymore. Staring, I took in every detail of his appearance. He had lost weight since I last saw him, cut his hair in a way that reminded me of a popular vampire heart throb. He looked almost handsome! I wanted to run up to him and give him a huge hug, but something held me back. It was then that I remembered I was still being restrained! I tried to wiggle free, with no luck. Jared could see my frustration, then looked behind me and said, “Okay, dude, let her go.”
My captor leaned in close enough for me to feel his breath on my ear, and replied in a low, hushed, tone, “Only if you promise not to toss me around like a rag doll.” My whole body went rigid, Blaine.
I spun around so fast I was still dizzy when I locked my eyes on him. Like Jared, Blaine’s appearance had noticeable changes. He was leaner, muscular, and had gone through a growth spurt since the last time I had seen him. Now he was at least a foot taller than me as I strained my neck to look up at his face. His eyes were the same deep brown I had always remembered, but appeared more troubled, aged. He had a shadow of facial hair like it had been a couple of days since his last shave. And that made me instantly aware that it had been that many days since I had showered. His eyes lit up, and with a lazy grin, he said, “Well, Laquin, it took you long enough.” And with that, I wrapped my arms around him so tight it would have taken a crowbar to pry me off of him. Burying my face into his chest, I breathed him in and sighed. Refusing to let go, I pulled my head off of his chest and looked up, smiling. He wiped the hair off of my face and held my head between his two palms. 
“You said three days. I’m half a day early,” I retaliated, still shaking from my almost near-death experience. 
“In my opinion, you couldn’t have come soon enough. If I had to go one more hour listening to Blaine blubber on and on about ‘Kara, this, Kara, that,’ I would have used this gun on myself,” Jared interjected, a hint of annoyance in his tone. “Now that you’re here, alive, maybe he will stop talking about it at night, and I can get some sleep!”
The idea that Blaine had been thinking about me, worrying about me, made me blush. He pulled me into his chest and rested his chin atop my head. I could stay like this forever, in the safety of his embrace, the soft beating of his heart thumping in my ear. He still smelled amazing, like fresh air and pines. Blaine ignored Jared’s comment and whispered, “Thank God you are all right. I am so sorry for hurting you.”
I couldn’t speak, move, or even blink. I just stood there, inhaling his scent deeply and sighed. And just like that, all was forgiven.

Chapter 23
It was a short reunion, not much else was said. As soon as I was able to calm myself and stop shaking, we noticed the sun was lower in the sky. Blaine led the way into the garage, where a free-standing tornado shelter stood in the back corner. Shelves, and their contents, lay surrounding it on the floor. The garage had been demolished, by the Intruders no doubt. Standing in front of the storm shelter, he pulled the latch to open the thick, steel door. “Hop in,” he said, motioning with his thumb. 
Was he kidding?! This thing wasn’t large enough to hold his body alone, if he thought all three of us were going to fit inside it, he must have been crazy. Seeing the apprehension in my stance, Jared leaned in, pulling up on the small rug lining the bottom of the shelter and yanked on a metal loop. I watched in amazement as he opened a trapped door. By the look of strain on Jared’s face, it must have been made of steel and concrete. Reaching up on a shelf near the ceiling of the shelter, he grabbed a small kerosene lantern. Once the lantern was lit, he proceeded to step down into the hole. It took him six steps before I couldn’t see his head anymore. My jaw was on the floor, giving Blaine a look of astonishment. He smiled and jerked his head in the direction of the door. “Go on, get movin’,” he coaxed. 
Feeling blind in my new surroundings, Jared grabbed my hand to help me down off of the last step. Blaine followed behind me, closing the storm room’s door along with the hatch. Once we were locked in, he grabbed the lantern from Jared and crossed the room. When he lit the second lantern, I was able to get a better look at the space around me. I couldn’t believe my eyes. We were standing in a large cement room that had to be about ten by twenty feet, at my best guess. On one end, there were two deep holes in the wall, resembling bunk beds. They were lined with carpet inside, and a thin mattress covered the bottom of each. At the other end of the room there was a wall, covered entirely by shelves, which contained items including food and other supplies. At one end of the longest wall, there was a shower curtain hung and tied back on one side. It concealed a recess in the wall equipped with a toilet. The bathroom, I thought. 
Aware that my mouth was gaping, I composed myself and quipped, “Um, you forgot the kitchen sink.”
In response to my antics, Jared began to laugh hysterically, then lifted the lantern in the direction of the opposite corner from where we were standing, illuminating a large basin sink. I couldn’t help but join in as the boys snorted and snickered in laughter. It felt good to finally laugh again. It had been nearly two years since the last time I remembered laughing so hard. 
We caught our breath as Blaine pulled a chair out from the table and offered me a seat. He and Jared then sat opposite of me at the table. Blaine spoke first. “So, what do you think?” 
“I think you’ve been busy.” I smirked, looking around the room. “This must have taken you a while to build.”
With that, Jared let out a snort of amusement. Not getting the joke, bewilderment struck my expression.
“What? This? I didn’t build this,” he chortled, “this house was built in the sixties, back when everyone thought the U.S. was gonna get nuked. Lots of people had these shelters built into their homes. I just put the tornado shelter over it last year for more protection.”
Knowing exactly what he was referring to, I added, “From the Intruders.”
Then Jared exploded into a burst of laughter again. He was laughing so forcefully, he couldn’t speak. His eyes watered while he struggled to catch a breath. He gasped, “Leave it to a chick to assign those freaks a name!”
Blaine just smiled and kept his eyes on mine while he replied to Jared, “Chill, dude. At least she came up with something to call them. All you’ve done is pee your pants every time they come around.”
It was as if Blaine had hit a switch. Instantly, Jared stopped mid chuckle. “Not cool,” was all he had in reply. And then he proceeded to climb into one of the bunks and sulk. I glanced over in his direction in sympathy.
Blaine continued, “It took a lot of argument, but I finally convinced my mom to let me install one.” I noticed with the mention of his mother, his expression looked sorrowful. Hearing him mention his mother made me realize that his parents were not around when I had arrived, and I thought the worst. 
“Speaking of your mom, where are your parents?” I interrupted, cautiously. 
He broke eye contact and began fidgeting with a loose strand on the end of his sleeve. “That’s the thing. I don’t know. I tried to tell them everything in the weeks leading up to the incident. They just brushed it off as if it were one of my jokes. They didn’t believe me at all. I had to be careful what I said, afraid that they would have me committed or something. They were headed out, last night, to a bed and breakfast somewhere out of state. I have no idea if they survived the last two nights with the Intruders all around.” 
He looked as though on the verge of tears, clenching his jaw tighter and swallowing hard. He paused for a moment while the sound of Jared, lightly snoring, in the background broke the silence. Then, he continued, “I can’t see their future, Kara. I can see some of yours, your parents, Jared’s, and even Crystal’s. But not my parents’, not even mine. You have no idea how frustrating that is, knowing what is going to happen but having no way of seeing how it will affect yourself. Well, at least you don’t know anymore.” 
With his words, I was reminded of the fact that I still had two days of my life that were unaccounted for. Forty-eight hours that involved kissing Blaine – twice, seeing the future, and cracking my head open like a Canadian hockey star. A new feeling of irritation washed over me. I wanted to know more about those two days and as soon as possible. We were locked in a cement cave for the night. The threat of the Intruders would have to wait.
“Yeah, about that,” I replied, “Aside from the fact that we kissed, and I don’t remember it, you said I could see things too. Did I tell you what I saw?”
Blaine began to rake his hand through his hair then responded, “Well, yeah. You said something about being in the woods by a creek, and that Jared was there. But you mentioned dogs, and I don’t know anything about that. I never saw the same thing you did, so I have no idea where they came from.”
My attention was caught at the mention of the woods. Up until our move, I had expressed little interest in the outdoors. But afterward, all I could think about was getting outside for a run. And my track of choice, the woods. Could that be my subconscious trying to push a memory to the front of my mind? “What else did I see? Could I tell you where we were? Why we were there?” That spark of recognition left me hungry for answers.
“No. Both of our visions were short. The first time, I pushed you off of me. To be honest, it scared the hell out of me.” His eyes were bright with apology. “But the second time was longer, and I was able to see more. I saw the power outage after the solar flare, people turning on one another, killing others to get what they needed to survive. Each vision came in bursts, one right after the other, each one ending as quickly as it began. I saw the uprising—” Blaine caught himself mid-sentence, as if he had said too much. 
“Uprising of what?” I wasn’t sure if I truly wanted to know but, at this point, I felt so ignorant. I needed as much information as I could squeeze out of Blaine in one night.
“Did I see an ‘uprising’?”
“Not the first time, no. The second time, I don’t know. We didn’t compare notes,” Blaine said, his frown tipping upward to a slight grin. “What happened next, you may not understand. The second time we kissed; I drove you home and dropped you off. I was supposed to call you that night, but I didn’t.”
“Nice,” was all I could manage to get out.
Blaine acknowledged the irritation in my voice and carried on, “Like I said, you wouldn’t understand. You have no idea how badly I wanted to call you that night, to talk about what happened, and try to make sense of this whole mess. But, at the time, I thought it would be better for us to be apart. In hindsight, a dumb idea, I know. But each time I kissed you, I saw things that were so dark, so twisted, that it terrified me of what would come. I knew trying to avoid kissing you would be easier said than done. Being in a room with you, I couldn’t help but crave your touch, your smell, and the way your lips felt so soft on mine…” he trailed off.
“So, what now? You’re psychic. You can see the future? And I could too? I’m sorry if I sound skeptical, but I find it hard to believe that I had ever been able to see the future. I can barely focus on the present, the idea of being able to predict things that haven’t happened yet seems a little out of my reach. And how come I don’t remember any of this, why can’t I do it now? Why did it stick with you, and not me? You don’t need to kiss me to see visions anymore. Why haven’t I had dreams about these Intruders or solar flares?” My face was hot with anger, my breathing picked up pace. I was dangerously close to hyperventilating. Balling my fists, I shot out of my chair. Frustration and exhaustion had caught up with me and I began to fume. What was wrong with me that I couldn’t remember any of this?
Instantly aware of the amount of noise I was making, I glanced over to Jared, still asleep. Wow, he can sleep through anything.
Now Blaine was on his feet, directly in front of me. Both of his hands were on my shoulders, and I reached up to clasp his wrists, staring down at his ankles. I wanted to cry, scream, I didn’t want to be in my own skin. Holding my breath, I dampened the urge to sob. 
Blaine spoke, “You hit your head pretty hard, Kara. It could have been just enough damage to hide your abilities from you.” He took a step towards me to close the gap, leaving only a few inches between us, and I rested my forehead on his chest. I could feel his heart beating beneath his sweater. 
“These visions aren’t fun,” he continued, “trust me. They haunt my dreams every night. I was relieved for you when you didn’t have them. It made me feel better knowing that you wouldn’t have to fear sleep. Okay?” 
I nodded my head, grinding it into his sternum. Then something else occurred to me. My body stiffened, and I raised my head slowly. For a second, I thought Blaine had winced. His eyes widened, and I gazed deeply into the dark brown pools, then grinned and chimed, “You up for a little science experiment?”

Chapter 24
The adrenaline was electrifying as my body began to tremble. “Are you sure about this?” Blaine asked, hesitantly. “If it still works, you may not like what you see.” His expression was uncertain, but I was aware of how he really felt. At the moment, he and I shared the same curiosity. 
Closing the small gap between us, I took a step closer. I felt Blaine’s grip tense on my shoulders as he almost tripped in retreat. Fixing my palms to his chest, I placed one foot in front of the other until I had him backed up to the wall. Searching him for any sign of resistance, I saw none. My final step narrowed the last bit of space between us, our faces only inches apart. I could feel his breath on my mouth as I replied, “I have had to steal a car and a dirt bike…” I paused to take in a slow breath, “…fish for keys off of a dead man, and sat by while hearing the screams of an attack by the Intruders…” I stared at Blaine’s parted lips and swallowed hard. “…if this works, I think I can handle a little nightmare.”
In response, Blaine let out a humored sigh. With his head bent down to me, he whispered, “Don’t say I didn’t warn you.” The moment was too intense for me to smile. “I can’t make any promises,” was all I could manage to murmur. His lips grazed mine tentatively, sharing each breath as if we were one person. With his hands drifting to the small of my back, I felt powerless. I slammed my eyes shut and forced my lips to his. I kissed him fervently and unyielding. I accepted the way it made me feel, the way he made me feel. Giving in, I never wanted this to end.
My eyes were sealed shut and I realized that if I had not seen anything yet, I wasn’t going to. Blaine would be pleased. I felt the sudden urge to open my eyes and tell him. As my eyes flew open, I had an instant feeling of being confined. I was back in the tiny closet that Blaine and Jared had found me in, but I was still kissing Blaine. My mind was screaming, but my body would not respond. In the distance I could hear Crystal shouting “…okay, we give up…” Just when I was asking myself why I was hearing Crystal, I came up for air. Taking two huge steps back from Blaine, I realized I was back in the bomb shelter. It didn’t seem real, standing in the middle of this concrete cave. Then I looked up at Blaine, gulping to catch his breath. His gaze was to the floor and, without tipping his head up, we locked eyes. Beaming with a small sense of pride, I squawked, “I saw something!” 
Blaine’s expression took on a look of amusement. “I didn’t,” he blustered.
“What did you see?” he asked, joining me on the floor.
I didn’t know how to explain the vision. “I don’t know. It wasn’t bad, though.”
“Well, that’s good. Can you tell me where you were, what you were doing? Was anybody with you?” He shot one question after the other.
“I was in that closet that you found me in. You were there…” I blushed remembering the activity we were engaged in, “…kissing me. And I could hear Crystal outside yelling. It was me, in the closet, only I couldn’t move when I tried. I just stayed tangled up with you the entire time.”
At first, Blaine’s face expressed that he was searching. But in an instant, his face lit up with recognition. “Kara, you remembered something!”
“What? What do you mean? What did I remember?”
“You just described the first time that we kissed. Kara, you were having a memory.” Blaine looked pleased as if he had just solved a difficult Sudoku puzzle. 
“So it worked?!” My smile quickly faded. “If it worked, why didn’t you see anything?”
“Good question.” Blaine began to pout in thought.
After mulling over several different scenarios of why things were going the way they were, and coming up with nothing, we finally gave in and decided to get some sleep. Blain laid a blanket on the floor for himself and gave me the other bunk. Although Jared was snoring profusely by now, I immediately fell into a heavy slumber.

Chapter 25
When I awoke, the guys were loading supplies into a pack and whispering. Pretending to still be asleep, I listened. “Did you tell her yet?” hissed Jared. “No. Last night wasn’t the right time,” hissed Blaine.
Jared hissed back, “You know, if you wait too long, it will be too late, and she isn’t going to forgive you.”
“I know, just not yet. When we get settled, I promise,” replied Blaine.
I seized the opportunity to make my presence known and gave a theatrical yawn and stretch. “What’s for breakfast?” I croaked in my best groggy voice.
Just then, Blaine gave Jared a “drop it” look, and Jared sauntered over to me by the bunks. “Well, Sleeping Beauty, take your pick. We have dried cereal, dried fruit, or dried meat. Ladies first.” He motioned to the table. Covered in a mountain of dried goods, the table was near invisible.
“Um, yeah. I think you overestimated my appetite, just a little.” 
Jared chuckled, “That’s not ALL for you, your highness!” He shook his head while packing his bag.
“We have to pack what we can carry and move out,” Blaine clarified.
Move out? But it was so secure here, safe from the Intruders and other threats. I didn’t understand why we couldn’t just stay here for a while.
“We can’t stay here. It won’t be safe forever. Eventually, if they look hard enough, the Intruders will figure out our shelter and barge in,” he added.
“But they didn’t find us last night. And you and Jared were safe here two nights before that.” I felt as though by leaving we were giving ourselves a death sentence. An image of the diner owner flashed into my memory, and I swallowed hard.
“Kara, even if they never did find us, we wouldn’t be able to continue living in this one area. Eventually, we would run out of supplies and have to go farther and farther to get them. It’s better if we keep moving.” He gestured to the door, “Yesterday, Jared and I were surveying the town to see how bad the damage was. We ran into a guy that came into town for fuel, and he had no idea what happened. When we filled him in, he told us that he hadn’t heard or seen any of the Intruders around his property. We asked him where he lived and he owns about three acres of wooded property where he parks his RV.” Blaine paused to let me respond.
“So what? What does he have to do with us not being safe here?” I asked puzzled.
“Well, it got me thinking, so we tried talking to more survivors. We found out that most of the survivors were nomads, campers, and people that had no other choice but to sleep in their cars parked in the woods.”
“You’re saying that there is something about the woods that repels the intruders? But why?” I could tell Blaine was taking this somewhere, but I was having trouble following.
“There is something about them that keeps them out of the daylight. That is why they don’t come after us in the day. Whatever keeps them out of daylight must also be why they don’t go near cars or trucks. Haven’t you noticed that every car, on the side of the road, has not even a scratch? They tear through supplies after destroying every home and building in their path, but leave my entire truck full of fuel and camping supplies. It’s like their afraid of vehicles or something.”
I remembered the night in the little shack, listening to the Intruders’ footsteps padding on the grass just yards away from me. I recalled how they never came any closer, even though I was sure they had known I was inside. All that time, I had been sitting with the dirt bike right at my feet, the engine still warm from my short travel that evening. Something about an engine, and the sun, kept them at a distance. But what the connection was, I couldn’t be sure. 
“We’re burnin’ daylight,” Jared chirped, shoving a bottle of water and some trail mix into my hands. Swinging the huge pack onto his left shoulder, he left the shelter and headed to the truck. Light gleamed through the trap door opening as Blaine pulled me through. 
With Jared up ahead, Blaine and I followed suit. Halfway down the driveway, next to the dirt bike, Jared stopped mid-stride. “Kara, you rode here on this?” Turning toward me, he waited for an answer.
“Among other things,” I replied, feeling a jolt of pride at his reaction.
Jared, looking slightly impressed, asked, “What other things?”
I told him about the car troubles and added, “But mostly I ran on foot.”
“RAN?!” he screeched, “Damn girl, you’re like Forrest Gump on steroids!” He then turned back toward the truck and attempted to throw his pack into the bed. 
Blaine and I followed behind, snickering at Jared as we watched him struggle to get the pack up over the side of the truck bed. It resembled a turtle on its back trying to correct itself. Blaine sneaked up behind him and used one hand to support the bottom of the pack while giving it a big shove just as Jared pulled it up and over. Then Blaine jumped back over to my side, an act that left Jared to think he had lifted the pack himself.

Chapter 26
Sitting between Blaine and Jared in the truck left me with an intense feeling of nostalgia. Of all my fondest memories of the past, there wasn’t one that didn’t involve them. Being with the pair seemed so effortless, uncomplicated. Even with our current situation, the atmosphere was no different.
As the truck carried on down the road, the guys informed me of some things that I had missed in the time I had been gone. Blaine explained to me the contents of his brief visions and everything he knew about the Intruders. He spoke of their vulnerability in the daylight, and how it frightened them. He told me of how they head out at night in packs, rummaging for food, killing any living things in their path. And when I explained that I had not seen what they looked like, he gave me a description. They had thin skin and an almost human body structure with bat-like facial features. I shivered as I remembered that night in the shed, only feet away from the Intruders. 
Blaine and Jared answered my questions to the best of their ability, as well as pacifying my concerns of the scarce gasoline supply. Apparently, Jared had a method of extracting gasoline from the tanks of the stations without the use of the electrically operated pumps. The guys managed to collect a supply of full gas cans for our journey ahead. 
They had just finished updating me on the events leading up to when they had found me, when I noticed we were pulling into a large parking lot. Peering through the window, I examined the monstrous building straight in front of us. The lot was empty, deserted. Broken glass stretched across the path in front of the outdoor hobby warehouse. 
“Why are we here?” 
“We need ammunition,” Blaine replied softly, anxiety in his tone.
Staring at the nearly demolished structure, I exclaimed, “How is there anything left?” 
Jared interjected,  “There’s no way of knowing if it has been cleaned out, but we know that the Intruders…” he motioned with air quotes, mockingly, “…don’t use guns of their own, so it’s not likely they have managed to strip the store of all their ammunition. We also need some other stuff too.” He opened his door and hopped out onto the pavement.

Chapter 27
Blaine offered his hand to help me out of the truck, and my eyes locked onto the waistband of his jeans. Tucked into his pants, just near his hip, was a gun. My thoughts must have been obvious because he cleared his throat and said, “Can’t be too careful,” and finished helping me out of the truck’s cab. 
We made our way toward the huge building, and I felt my chest getting tighter. Something wasn’t right about this place. The condition it was in had no affect on my concern; a majority of buildings were left this way from the Intruders. Maybe it was residual tension from seeing the gun on Blaine’s hip, but my anxiety was growing with every step we took through the parking area.
Crossing the threshold, covered in shattered glass, and into the store, the feeling of unease became stronger. Blaine sensed my hesitation and gave my hand a gentle squeeze, as if reassuring me that it was safe. It didn’t help. 
Once in the lobby area, we got a better look at the layout of the store. It was huge, broken up into two warehouse sized sections, divided in the middle by a lobby. In the lobby, directly across from the entrance, was a grand staircase leading up to a museum. There was a huge tarp at the top of the stairs and a sign informing that it was closed due to construction. Although the entire store was a mess, it was easy to see that the décor was based on a cabin in the woods. Taxidermy animals hung in various positions throughout the building. 
The warehouse section to our right was for boating and fishing supplies. The floor was covered with rows and rows of fishing pole displays, in complete disarray, and other fishing supplies. Just past that area was a huge showroom full of fishing and speed boats. The showroom walls were basically made of glass, and I found it odd that this was the only area that had windows untouched by the Intruders. Very much like the shop I had stolen the motor bike from. 
The warehouse area to the left had outdoor clothing items, weapons, and camping gear. This was the direction Blaine and Jared were headed. We stopped at the camping gear first, watching our step as the contents of every shelf were strewn across the floor of the isles. Jared knew exactly what he was looking for and grabbed an overturned shopping cart, turning it upright, and loading it with items off of the floor. 
Blaine took my hand and led me to the weapon area. “We’ll get the ammo,” he said to Jared without so much as turning his head in Jared’s direction. 
“Sure,” I heard Jared reply from behind a shelving unit.
When we got to the weapons area, I noticed it was in better shape than the rest of the store. Every glass case on the gun displays were shattered, and a few guns were missing, but the ammunition shelves only seemed partially disjointed. 
I watched Blaine, his back turned toward me, busy pulling boxes of bullets off of the shelves and placing them in a half broken shopping cart. He moved so gracefully, running his finger along a row searching for the right caliber of ammunition and slipping several boxes out at one time. He then looked up, above his head to the weapons hanging from the rafters by display line. Realizing it was too high for him to reach alone, he boosted himself up on the shelving in front of him and snatched a crossbow down. It was as smooth as if he was plucking a feather from the air. I continued to watch as he searched the row of corresponding arrows for the bow, reading each box carefully.
He continued this for at least the next five minutes, his back always to me. At that moment I felt something come up behind me and a hand clamp down onto my mouth, dragging me backward around the corner and out of sight from Blaine. Taking in a breath, I was about to scream, knowing any sound would get Blaine’s attention. Then a man’s whisper exploded in my left ear, “Make one sound and I will slit your throat.” I could see the knife as he raised it to my throat. I noticed the prison orange sleeve of his shirt and felt the coarseness of his hands. His breath reeked of cigarettes and booze, only getting worse when his breathing became heavier from exertion. 
Blaine must have turned around and realized I wasn’t there anymore because I could hear him calling my name two rows over, his tone turning to panic every second. The foul smelling man pulled me farther away from Blaine into the ammunition counter’s storage room. I continued to think of ways to get out of his grasp, but nothing came to mind. Still covering my mouth, he used the hand grasping the knife to smooth back my hair from the side of my face. I felt a shiver run up my spine as he breathed in my scent deeply. “My, my. You are a pretty little thing aren’t you?”
Now I could hear the muffled sounds of both Blaine and Jared, calling out to me throughout the store. I wanted so desperately to reply with a scream, but the knife was back at my throat again. 
“I bet you have pretty lips too,” he said, sniffling. “It’s been a long time since I have seen pretty lips.” 
Oh my God! I thought. What does he want with me? 
“Do you have pretty lips?” he asked, as if wanting an answer.  I needed to find a way to get out of his grasp and doing that would require him to let go of me so I could run. But I could tell he had no intentions of letting go, not when I posed a threat to escape. The only way I was going to make him believe I was no threat was to get on his good side. I nodded “yes” in reply.
His body went stiff in surprise to my answer. I took a deep breath to calm myself. I had to make this more believable. I nodded again. He lowered the knife slowly, cautiously. I began to turn my body around, hoping that he would loosen his grip. When he felt me moving, he tightened his grip on my mouth and pulled my back harder into his side. “Tut, tut. You wouldn’t be trying something stupid, now would you? You don’t strike me as a stupid girl. Are you a stupid girl?” he asked, now gritting his teeth, breathing becoming shallower. I shook my head “no” in response. 
“Well then, that would mean you are a smart girl, a good girl. And a good girl wouldn’t try to pull a fast one on Rocky, would she?” 
I shook my head. He loosened his grip on me and said, “If I let go of your pretty mouth, you will be a good girl and keep quiet. Isn’t that right, sweetie?” I am not your SWEETIE! This guy was seriously pissing me off. I nodded my head. He had my back pressed against him while his back leaned on the wall to the left of the door. He slowly lowered his hand from my mouth and, when he saw that I wasn’t going to put up a fight, he turned me around to face him. 
“There’s a good girl. Now, that wasn’t so hard.” His condescending tone was like nails on a chalkboard. He kept the knife in his left hand, blocking the door with his arm. With his now free hand, he began to stroke my cheek with the tips of his fingers. I could feel the little bit I had for breakfast rise to my throat. I was dangerously close to puking, but blowing chunks in his face would most likely get me killed. I worked my hardest to hold it down. I had to get him to put down the knife if I was going to get a chance to run. I could hear Jared and Blaine calling out to me. It was getting louder, meaning they were closer to the storage room. 
I knew what this “Rocky” wanted, and he wasn’t going to get it. But I had to make him believe the opposite to keep myself alive.
“Rocky, is it?” I whispered, now face to face with the man. His breath smelled like a brewery, and the sound of my voice saying his name made him grin just enough for me to see that his teeth were half rotten. This was going to be harder than I anticipated.
“Yes,” he answered his breath hot on my face. I swallowed down the urge to vomit.
As calmly as I could muster, I asked, “What is it you want from me?” 
His breathing became faster, and his only reply was a half smile and slightly raised eyebrows. Ew!
I forced a smile in return, and leaned into him, my mouth only a half inch from his crusty ear. “I would feel way more comfortable if you would put the knife away.”
His hand caught my throat, and I felt my chest tighten, closing off as quickly as my throat was about to. Through a choked reply, I forced out, “pretty please.” He loosened his grip on my throat, his fingers trailing to my collarbone. His eyes were full of a horrible fire. In that moment I felt as if I were lucky to have lived this long. His gaze traveled my body from my toes to my forehead, and the sick pain in my stomach worsened. He began to pull back the collar to my shirt. “Rocky?”
“Hmm,” was his gravelly reply.
“The knife?”
He carefully placed the knife on a waist level shelf to his left of the door. Grasping a handful of the shoulder of my shirt with his right hand, and a handful of my hair in his left, he yanked me into him at full force placing his mouth to my ear, and whispered, “Let’s just see how much of a good girl you really are.”

Chapter 28
That was my opportunity. Every girl dreads encounters like this, they haunt our nightmares after fears are placed inside our heads by our overprotective parents. And just like every girl is afraid of a situation like this, we are also trained…well. Shifting my weight back, leading him to believe I was enthusiastic for the moment, I reared up and rammed my knee into his groin with a force that could have wedged my thigh into the wall behind him. He immediately let go of me to grab this sensitive area and fell to the floor of the storage closet. As soon as he hit the floor I screamed, “Blaine!”
Untangling the escapee from my legs, I leaped out the opening of the door. After about five running strides toward Blaine, something snagged my hair. The force sent my legs upward and I fell hard on my ass. Rocky was pulling me across the carpeted cement floor by a fist full of hair. Kicking and punching at his hand, I managed to get to my feet. Blaine was running toward us, Jared a few feet behind him. He pulled the gun from his waistband as Rocky wrapped his arm around my neck from behind. He was fumbling with something else I couldn’t see, while using me as a human shield.
“Let her go!” Blaine shouted. His hand was surprisingly steady with the weapon.
Still busy with something behind me, Rocky replied, “No, fancy pants. I’m not done with these pretty lips yet.” 
“I mean it. I will shoot you if you don’t let her go now!”
And then I heard it, what he was messing with out of my line of sight. There was a loud click and then the end of a shotgun barrel out of the corner of my eye. He was pointing it right at Blaine.
“BLAINE, don’t!” I screamed. I was terrified now, for myself, for Blaine. I don’t know what I would do if anything happened to him. 
Rocky began to laugh maniacally. “Ho, ho! Fancy pants has a fancy name too! Blaine. Ha!”
Just then, I could see Jared coming up from our left side. Rocky saw him too and aimed the shotgun in his direction. At that moment I slammed my eyes shut and used all the force I could to drop my weight on his right side and fell to his feet. 
BANG! BANG!
I had once heard a car backfire in our neighborhood last year and, although it was loud enough to wake the next county, this was louder. Crawling away from Rocky, I couldn’t will my eyes to open. Two gunshots and one of them from the shotgun. When I finally opened my eyes, I saw Blaine a few yards away from me. He wasn’t shot and neither was Jared. Relief washed over me, I turned to look at the escapee. His body lay limp on the floor, blood pooling around his head. He had a bullet hole to his right temple. Blaine had killed him in one shot.
Blaine stood off in the distance, motionless, a look of horror on his face. It was evident that he was distraught. His hands were shaky, he had beads of sweat forming on his forehead, and he didn’t speak. Jared let out a cheer of accomplishment for Blaine and headed back toward the camping gear department while shouting over his shoulder, “Nice job, buddy! Now let’s grab what we can before we find out he had a friend with him.” 
Blaine didn’t acknowledge the comment. He stayed standing there, unblinking, staring at the lifeless lump of orange on the floor. He had lowered the handgun to his side, but moved nothing else. I couldn’t remember a time that I had seen him like that. Vulnerable, terrified, and human. I walked up to his side carefully placing my hand on his free arm. “Blaine?” I whispered. He finally took his eyes off of the body to meet my gaze. I carefully took my other hand and placed it on his other arm. His breathing began to quicken as I slid my hand down his arm to the wrist of the hand holding the gun. I gently pried his fingers from around the hilt to loosen his strangled grip. Just as I took the gun from him, his body folded onto me, and he held me so tight I could hardly breathe. I had no idea what to say. Besides a fist fight in the ninth grade, Blaine had never hurt anyone before. And he had most certainly never killed a person either. And now, there he sat, in my arms after saving my life and the life of his best friend, resulting in a lifeless body lying only a few feet away from him. All I could do was rub my hand along his back and say, “You had to do it. You had no choice.” 
He just sat there, shaking, breathing heavy, his head buried in my neck. He didn’t cry, although I wouldn’t have blamed him if he did. All he could do was hold me tight as I felt his heartbeat slowdown. 
When Blaine gathered his composure, we met Jared in the camping department, ammunition cart filled. Walking out onto the pavement of the parking area, a strange sensation washed over me. The world was different to me somehow. 
“Race you to the truck!” Jared shouted, cart bouncing around from the gravel-like glass shards on the walk.
“Oh, you’re on!” replied Blaine as he pushed his cart faster, barreling toward the bright green pickup. 
Watching them play around was calming. I felt better knowing that Blaine was able to smile after all we had been through in the warehouse store. 
My legs were still weak from the event, so I sauntered, rather than ran, toward the guys. By the time I got to the truck, they had loaded half of the supplies into the back. Helping them with the rest, I asked, “So, where to next?”
Blaine threw some of the camping gear into the bed of the truck and stood up straight, making himself seem taller as he looked down to me and replied, “The woods.”

Chapter 29
As Blaine steered the truck down one dirt road after the next, Jared explained that we were headed to a location they had scoped out before the flare. He described it as the perfect place to camp, making it sound like a luxury spa. This made me laugh because I had never heard Jared talk so passionately about anything in all the time I had known him. Well, except for video games. 
Blaine pulled the truck off of the road, and we disappeared into the tree line. Seeing the confusion on my face, Jared said “This perfect spot is sort of off the beaten path.” I replied with a look of understanding. 
In the distance, the sun began to threaten to touch the horizon. Just as I noticed this fact, we pulled up to the side of a sparkling creek. I was overwhelmed by a feeling of éjà vu but quickly shook it off.
“Crap!” Blaine hissed as he pulled the truck near a large stump of a dead forest tree.
As we came to a stop, I saw what he was upset about. Off to the left, about twenty yards, was a campfire. A tent stood a few feet away from it, and there was a man dropping a pile of sticks near the fire. Two medium-sized dogs shuffled around his feet, giving the impression that they thought the sticks were for the longest lasting game of fetch, ever.
“What the hell?!” cursed Jared, “I thought for sure nobody would come here. It is miles off the road!”
He quickly jumped out of the truck, slamming the door before I had a chance to slide toward it. 
“Stay here,” Blaine warned, as he opened his door. I watched as the guys approached the man by the fire. From what I could see he was older, probably in his late thirties to early forties. He had blond hair, and his skin was dark, like he had spent most of his life in the sun. They engaged in conversation, seeming harmless enough. I saw the man shake first Jared’s hand, then Blaine’s. He smiled and waved a hand toward the tent, calling out to it. From the tent emerged a woman, around the same age as the man, with fiery red hair, braided all the way down her back. She smiled at the two and shook their hands as well. Finally, Blaine turned his head toward me in the truck and motioned for me to come join them.
When I met them at the fire, I put on a pleasant face. “Hi.” I shyly waved, assuming they wanted an introduction. “I’m Kara.” Standing next to Blaine, he put his arm around me, a protective gesture as well as a possessive one, and I let the dogs sniff carefully at my ankles. 
“Kara, this is Matt and his wife, Saundra,” he said, bringing me up to speed.
I graciously shook their hands and shared pleasantries as Blaine and Jared stood by my side, almost as if they were sizing up the strangers. Blaine was cautious, and after today’s events, I had no reason to think he would act otherwise. He questioned the two about their intentions and where they were planning to travel.   As dusk approached, Matt and Saundra offered to share the camp site with us in return for keeping watch at night so everyone could get some sleep. Although Blaine was leery, he agreed to the arrangement.
We set up our tent across the fire from theirs and settled in for the first shift. 
Jared roasted a can of beans on the fire while Blaine and I parked at the opening of our tent. The nights could get cold there, and I felt myself shivering. Blaine leaned back into the opening of the tent and grabbed a blanket, wrapping it around me. Rubbing my shoulders to create more heat, he said, “Sorry about earlier, at the outdoor warehouse.” 
I looked up at him, searching his face. His expression was slightly that of shame, as if he had let me down somehow. “Why are you apologizing? You saved me from that creep. And he was going to shoot Jared.”
He flinched at the last few words, his breath catching. I heard him swallow hard as I put my hand in his.
He breathed, “I know, but it doesn’t seem right to take the life of another person.”
He had a point, to which I didn’t know how to respond. We just sat there, staring at the fire, speechless.
Leaning my head on his shoulder, my eyelids felt as though they were made of lead. My head became heavy, and the events of the day took their toll on my body. I was exhausted. As my head bobbed up and down twice from dozing off, Blaine pulled himself to his feet. He bent down, scooped me up, and said, “Let’s get you to bed, sleepy head.” I felt like protesting, but my body was just too weak from exhaustion. As he walked me into the tent and set me on the cot, I fell into the darkness of a deep, dreamless sleep.

Chapter 30
I awoke to a streak of sun, peeking through the opening of the tent. I had slept all the way through the night. Hearing the whispering and rustling outside of the tent, I sat up and smoothed down my hair, pulling it back in the elastic band I had on my wrist. I felt absolutely grimy, in desperate need of a bath. At this point, I would have settled for a toothbrush, with or without paste. But this was as good as was going to get, I guessed. Exiting the tent, the smell of eggs and beef jerky were stronger now. 
“Well, well. Good morning, Kara!” I was greeted by Saundra, chipper and cheery, like someone had just given her a puppy for Christmas. “I hope you like eggs. I had to fight off the guys to save you a couple.”
The delicious smell was overpowering. After days of ration-style eating, eggs seemed like a luxury item. My mouth watered in anticipation of the first bite. 
Saundra scooped the eggs out of the pan and onto a tin plate, handing it to me. They were steaming hot, but I couldn’t wait, and I burned my tongue on the first mouthful. Seeing my eyes water, Saundra chimed, “Careful, they are hot, hot, hot!” I made sure to blow on the rest before shoveling them into my mouth.
When I was finished, I noticed that Saundra and I were alone. “Where are all the guys?”
“Hunting or at least that is what they told me. I have a feeling they needed to take a bath and didn’t want to let us ladies know what they were really up to. Maybe they thought we would sneak up and steal their clothes when they weren’t looking.” I snorted a laugh. Saundra grinned. “And with me, they are probably right!” We shared a chuckle.
“Um, speaking of baths…” I hesitated. “Where is the ladies room?”
Saundra responded with kindness. After getting my only other change of clothes out of the tent, she led me to a spot by the creek that was secluded by heavy foliage. While I bathed in the water, she washed my soiled clothes on a large rock. The water was ice cold, causing my body to be covered in goose bumps, but it felt nice to get clean. Finishing up, I pulled on my clean set of clothes and we headed back for camp. We arrived just as the guys were settling back down by the fire. 
Blaine looked up, a sign of relief that I was all right washing over his face. I could see that there was truth in what Saundra had said. Both Blaine and Jared had wet hair, and their faces looked clean shaven. There was a look of approval by Blaine when I sat down next to him by the fire. 
“Look at that, you clean up real nice, Kara!” Jared chimed.
“Thanks, you do too,” I said, mumbling. Looking up at Blaine, I noticed he had cut himself shaving. Although he was not bleeding, he had a small area that was raw. Raising my hand to his face, I carefully touched the tender area, frowning. “Ow,” I whispered.
“Guess I am a little out of practice,” he scoffed lightly.

The rest of the day was full of conversation and activity. If the previous events until this point had not occurred, it would have felt as if we were on vacation. We shared stories, laughed, and avoided any talk of the Intruders. After lunch, Blaine mentioned that he wanted me to learn to shoot, and we headed out for a lesson on how to use the crossbow. Jared announced that he was going to the creek to fill the water supply.
When we all got to the edge of the creek, Jared waded into the water off in the distance. Schooling me on stance and sight placement, Blaine balanced an empty bean can on the lower branch of a tree away from the direction of our camp. Standing behind me, he molded my hands in his, showing me how to hold the crossbow. As we took aim, he said, “Make sure you don’t touch the trigger until you are absolutely ready to fire. It is a really sensitive—“ THWANG! The arrow fired prematurely, and we heard what sounds like a dog yelping in the creek. The sound of water splashing is followed by Jared cussing. “She shot me in the ass!”
In shock, I dropped the crossbow as I watched Blaine run to Jared’s side. Jared was on the shore now, hopping around in circles, repeating the same line, “She shot me in the ass! Right there! Get it out, now! Oh crap, please tell me it wasn’t a poison-tip arrow!”
“It’s not, dude. Calm down.” Blaine tended to his friend’s injury, removing the arrow. He asked me to turn around, so Jared could remove his pants to clean the wound and bandage it.
“I am so sorry, Jared,” is all I could spit out while staring into the woods away from the guys. 
“Sorry?! You should be, Kara. You shot me in…the…ASS!” 
“You’re lucky it was your butt, man. It could have been worse!” Blaine came to my defense, but he didn’t have too. I felt absolutely horrible. As a professional klutz, I needed no excuses.
“But, she shot me right in the – “ 
“Yeah, we know, and now you are all bandaged up. Although, with the way you are reacting, I think I used the wrong bandage.” Blaine sounded short.
     “What?” asked Jared.
“If I would have known you were going to act like such a girl when you got hurt, I would have packed some Hello Kitty Band-Aids for you!”
Blaine and I exploded into laughter and, when Jared had been covered properly, Blaine grabbed my hand to turn me around. Jared’s face was red, but not with anger. He was stifling a laugh as well. As much as he would never admit it, he knew he had overreacted about the injury. He finally accepted my apology and we made our way back to camp. 
When we joined Matt and Saundra, we had to explain Jared’s limp. As we finished telling the story, Saundra asked, “Jared, how awful. Are you okay?”
Jared replied with a nod.
With that confirmation, they took the opportunity to burst into laughter, and we all joined in again. After we had a good laugh, we prepared what little we had for dinner and settled in for the night. Matt and Saundra had the first shift, so Jared, Blaine, and I prepared for a short night of sleep.
After last night’s full rest, I found it hard to sleep. Blaine lay beside me, face to face, his back to Jared. Holding my hand, he brushed the hair off of my cheek with the other. We hadn’t kissed since the bunker, and I ached for his mouth on mine. But I was conflicted, by the soft safety of his kiss, and the visions it brought to me. “What are you thinking about?” he asked, as though he could see the conflict on my face.
“I’m scared. I hate not knowing when something is going to happen, but I hate it more when I see it happening,” I said, lowering my gaze to Blaine’s chest.
He took his hand off of my shoulder and pulled my chin up, forcing my eyes to meet his. “You don’t have to be afraid of what you see. It doesn’t always happen the way we see it. I have seen some things and not known the outcome, but it ended up being good. Like when I knew I could only give you three days to come and find me. I had no idea if you were going to make it, I spent all that time worried that I may have been wrong, and we had to give you more time. But you made it, and with some time to spare.”
He leaned in and kissed my cheek, sending electricity through my entire body. There was something about Blaine’s touch that that I could not describe. All I knew was that if we were ever separated again, I would surely die. As dramatic as that sounds, it wouldn’t be a situation where I would become so depressed that I gave up on life. No, I was sure that if anything were to happen to him, my heart would  stop beating entirely. I could feel this every time we touched, and it was stronger when we kissed. 
My mouth tingled at the thought of kissing Blaine again. My eyes wandered toward his lips, atop his freshly shaved chin. As if he could feel my gaze, his lips parted. Leaning into me, he stopped his mouth just before it touched mine and breathed, “Is this okay?”
I couldn’t speak. Jerking my head with a half nod, I braced myself for another vision and fell into Blaine’s lips with mine. Soft and warm, he kissed me carefully, gently. I knew the delayed vision was coming, but I enjoyed the moment I had before it. I wrapped my hands around to his back, pulling him closer, into a tighter embrace. My body felt light, but my heart was heavy. I was caught in the moment, a sensation that the world was spinning, and then darkness.
I opened my eyes to the woods, bouncing up and down around me. I was being carried, my shoulder raging with a fiery pain, sweat pouring from my hairline. I was tired, my whole body ached. As I looked up at my courier, I saw Blaine’s face. He looked aged, angry, and worried. There were dark circles encroaching on his eyes, and his skin was pale. He was exhausted, and I could feel his knees getting weaker as he carried me…
And then I was back in the tent, staring at Blaine as he pulled away. He looked like he was going to be sick, his eyes wide with fear. “What? What is it?” I asked, hoping I was interpreting his reaction incorrectly. 
“You were sick. I was carrying you,” he said, his words broken and strangled.
Amazing, that was exactly what I had seen too. But I had no idea what it meant. What are the odds of us having the same vision? Being new to this whole vision thing, I had no idea what the odds would be, but I had a feeling they were pretty slim. This must have meant, whatever it was, it was serious.
“I saw the same thing,” I admitted in a whisper.
Shocked, Blaine snapped out of his stare almost instantly and looked into my eyes. “Remember what I said? Nothing is set in stone. It can change.” It was as if he was directing this statement to reassure himself as well as me. “I won’t let anything bad happen to you.”
It took me a moment to realize that I had been shivering, mostly from fear, but partially because it was the coldest part of the night. Aware of my discomfort, Blaine had me turn with my back toward him and pulled the covers up over my shoulder, and up to my chin. He wrapped his arms around me firmly, and whispered, “Try to get some sleep,” and gently kissed the back of my head.

Chapter 31
That night I barely slept. Between the restlessness of my mind and drifting in and out of hazy nightmares, sleep was difficult. Hearing the guys stir for their night watch shift, I gave up on sleep and rose with them. 
Matt and Saundra disappeared into their tent for the night as Jared stoked the fire, and Blaine checked his gun to be sure it was loaded. Jared walked away from camp to answer the call of nature, while Blaine and I set a blanket on the ground near the truck so we could rest our backs against it. 
Just as we were settling in, Jared returned from the tree line.    “So, what’s the plan?”
Confusion struck me. “Plan?” All this time, I thought our traveling, our attempt at escaping the Intruders’ violent tantrums, was the plan. Wasn’t survival the ultimate goal at times like these?
Comprehending my disbelief, Blaine replied to Jared, “We need to find out more about them. Why they only come out at night.”
“And why they avoid cars,” added Jared.
“Or motorbikes,” I interjected.
“Right,” Jared continued, now at a whisper. He leaned in closer, carefully ensuring that our new company did not hear. “If only you guys could see why they are here, what they want.”
“It doesn’t work like that.” I found myself getting defensive, as if this new found gift was more useless than anything. “I can only see things when Blaine and I kiss,” I hissed, feeling my face get warmer at the thought. “Besides, what I can see plays like a movie through my eyes alone. Unless I become one of the Intruders, I doubt my visions will be of any help.” 
Jared’s expression went from hopeful to hopeless with every word. “Oh, well it was worth a shot.”
“No.” Blaine looked up from his gaze at the ground. 
“What?” Jared asked, trying to read his best friend.
“Kara is only partly right. We could see things without having to kiss if we knew how to control it.”
“Okay,” I interjected, “And how is that? Because before we tried it at the bunker, I never could predict anything. I mean, surely I would have seen some of this coming, right?”
“No. Not predictions, feelings.” He paused, trying to process his theory. “Every vision you had, you described the way it made you feel, as if you had actually already experienced it. When I see things, I see them in a different way. I see things happen. Things unfold in front of my eyes. But I never actually feel them. The day in my truck, when you saw something that made you cry, you never said it was anything bad. You just snapped out of it and started bawling. I have seen some pretty horrible things, even seen what they look like, horrifying enough to terrify me. But I have never felt anything in those visions. You know what people want before they even say a word because you feel what they are feeling at that very moment.”  He looked at Jared, then back to me. “Kara, you and I both have a gift. And together, it gets stronger. But I think that if you concentrated hard enough– “
“–I could feel what the Intruders are feeling.” The realization hit me like an ocean tide. Blaine was right. This wasn’t something that just happened because I kissed the guy I loved. It must have been an ability I had all my life. I just didn’t see it before. And in the next three minutes, a flood of recognition overpowered me. I was reminded of the many occurrences in my life where I had used the gift. All the times I had ever purchased a gift for someone, knowing that they would love it and their reaction so shocked that I would know exactly what they wanted. Each night as a child, without being asked, I spent holed up in my room playing quietly while my parents discussed important adult matters. Knowing exactly what to say to people to keep them happy, and of course my first kiss with Blaine – which I finally remembered – when my mind was unsure if he wanted to take that big of a step outside our friendship, but the perception that it was okay overwhelming all of my senses.
The whole concept seemed harder to swallow than when I first learned that I could have visions at all. Conscious that my mouth was gaping open, I snapped my jaw shut and looked up, clearing my throat. Staring into Blaine’s eyes, although the world around me seemed like a crazy dream and getting crazier by the minute, I couldn’t help but feel grounded. He was the reason my life now lacked boredom, why I had something to look forward to, in a world where the future was uncertain. With Blaine by my side, I could brave anything the universe dropped in my lap or already had. Suddenly, a jolt of fearlessness struck me like a lightning bolt and before any thought was put to it, I said, “What do we need to do?”

We spent the rest of our watch shift mulling over different ways for me to tune into the intruders. Suggestions varied including asking myself to dream about the Intruders before sleeping, focusing on a drawing of one (done by Blaine’s recount of their appearance) and even meditation. Finally, we had come to the conclusion that based on the method of my recalling certain images by kissing Blaine, touch would be the most likely method. But that was out of the question. 
With the sun no longer hiding behind the horizon, and the sky becoming lighter with the morning, I rose to my feet and dusted off the back of my pants. Blaine did the same, and we began to pack up the items that were used near the truck. I held one end of the blanket while Blaine met me with the other end, working to fold it. When our fingers touched, he let go of his end of the blanket and held my hand in his. I looked up from his hand, my eyes meeting his, and he said, “Why don’t you go rest this morning?”     “I’m fine,” I lied. I was exhausted, and I knew Blaine would want me to help around camp before our weapons lesson in the afternoon.
He gently pushed the hair behind my left ear, and then replied, “No, you’re not.” He grinned. 
“What about the water jugs? I need to get into the creek and fill them for the day.”     
His face grew serious. “You are right. I need it to be done. But that doesn’t mean you have to be the one to do it. I will get Jared on it, you go rest.”
“But …” I protested. Dropping the blanket to the ground, Blaine put both hands on my shoulders, forced me to turn toward camp, and gave me a gently shove in the direction of the tent. As I walked toward my impending nap, I took in my surroundings. Jared was stoking the fire, adding more wood to the dying flames. Matt opened his tent, releasing both dogs to do their business in the woods. And before entering our tent, I looked off to Blaine in the distance, packing up the rest of what was left by the truck.  I began to get an overwhelming sense of security, one that I had not had since my family’s initial move from New York. Where I was right now, in that very moment, that was home. And the people around me were my new family. I reveled in that idea while curling up in my sleeping bag and drifting into a relaxed sleep.

Chapter 32
I awoke later to the sound of silence outside of the tent. As I sat up, I assumed the guys had gone hunting, leaving Saundra behind to keep an eye on me. Exiting the tent, I was surprised to see everyone right outside, near the fire. Besides the barely audible whines of Matt’s dogs, nobody was making a sound. It wasn’t until I approached the group and took a seat next to Blaine that I noticed the tension among the four of them. “What’s up with everyone?” I whispered to Blaine as he slipped an arm around my waist.
“I have no idea,” he answered in a hushed tone. “They have been like this all day. Won’t talk to us, barely even look at us.”
Raising my eyebrows in response, I added, “Odd.” Then I turned to Matt and Saundra and said, “Is there anything you guys need me to do?” I hoped, desperately, that they were not upset because I spent most of the day sleeping.
“Nope,” Matt mumbled, barely audibly, then whistled at the dogs and walked toward the woods.
Seeing that dinner was on the fire, I made an attempt at conversation with Saundra. “Smells good. What is it?”
Saundra did not look up at me to answer. Even so, her response was short and concise, “Stew.”
I searched Blaine’s expression, feeling lost. What could have happened to cause Matt and his wife to act in such a manner? It was only last night that we were laughing and carrying on as a group, trying to make the best of a bad situation. Now they treated us more as strangers than they did from the moment we had met them. I could tell something was very off.
Registering my concern, Blaine whispered, “See? Only thing I can think of is that maybe they didn’t get enough sleep.”
Trying to put myself at ease, I accepted this as a logical explanation. People can get pretty coarse when they haven’t had enough sleep, I could attest to that. I tried to push any other theories aside and just sat with the guys, waiting for dinner to be finished. 
If there was any question about whether or not Matt and Saundra wanted nothing to do with us, it was answered during dinner. As soon as the stew was warm enough, they dished up and zipped themselves, and the dogs, into their tent.  
As the sun began to set, I was thankful that we had the first shift tonight. After sleeping the majority of the day, I was not ready to start sawing logs any time soon. Trying not to look bored, I picked the bark off of a stick while Jared fiddled with his pack and Blaine worked on the fire. “Bored?” I was surprised at his question. I must not have been very good at hiding it after all.
Before I had a chance to answer him, Jared yanked something out of his pack, holding it above his head. “Ha! Anybody up for some Texas Hold’em?” he chimed with a grin. 
“Nice, man!” Blaine was smiling right along with Jared. Blaine and Jared, aside from their obsession with video games, loved to play cards. In fact, they pretty much loved anything that could even mistakenly be construed as competitive. 
“Kara, you in?” Jared asked, his eyes pleading. We had not done much of anything as a group since the flare. Well, if you don’t count strategizing about our survival.
Having absolutely no clue how to play the game, I still accepted the offer. The guys taught me how to play, filling me in on rules, and the terms used. By the end of our shift, I had almost grasped the concept of the game, winning most of my acorns back. When the moon was at its very highest point, Blaine went to wake Matt.
Little was said between the two groups before we retired to our tent. By then, I found myself still unable to sleep. Lying in my sleeping bag, listening to the sound of Blaine and Jared’s breathing, I tried to think about the Intruders. Closing my eyes, I tried to picture them roaming the land at night, trashing every building they came across, with no regard for human life. But even with the description of them given to me by Blaine, I couldn’t connect the image of an Intruder with the destruction we had encountered up until this point. Just when I thought to be hopeless, I was startled by a light crashing sound, followed by the sound of feet shuffling quickly across the camp. Assuming it was the dogs, I tried to close my eyes and relax again. Then I heard another sound, a clang, like a wrench being dropped into a metal bucket. A metal bucket, or…a truck bed!
As quietly as I could, poking my finger into the opening of the tent’s exit, I pulled the material to the side just enough for one eye. Nothing could have prepared me for what I saw. Matt was packing up their camp, loading everything into the back of Blaine’s truck. Remembering Blaine had the keys in his pocket, I took ease at knowing they would have to get them from him, and he would never just give them up. Then I realized why Saundra was not helping Matt with packing. Seated on the driver side of the truck, crouching nearly to the floorboard, was Saundra. She focused intently on her task as a flicker of light shone on her face, indicating a spark was being ignited. She was hotwiring Blaine’s truck!
“STOP!” I heard it escape my mouth, before registering the thought to shout.
Groaning, Jared stirred, then Blaine. When they saw me frantically clawing at the tent’s zipper, they went from sleep to sober in three seconds flat. 
“They are trying to steal the truck!” I squeaked, ripping at the zipper like a dog digging a hole.
“What?!” Blaine managed before the sound of the first attempt at ignition became obvious. Saundra was getting closer to succeeding, and we were stuck in the tent.
Blaine wrapped his arms around my waist and threw me to the back of the tent. Pulling his hunting knife out of its sheath, he tore through the front of the tent like butter and leaped out into the open, Jared following suit. 
Blindly, I rushed out behind them as I collided, head first, into Blaine’s back. It was then that I realized neither Jared nor Blaine was moving. Looking up, I saw Matt had a pistol pointed at us, and I straightened up, raising my arms into the air.
“Don’t move!” shouted Matt, shaking. He was nervous, constantly glancing to his wife, checking if she was close to accomplishing her task. Saundra stopped, only for a second, to see what was unfolding outside of the truck, and then continued frantically, fingers quivering.
“How can you do this man?” asked Jared. “We thought you guys were cool. Now you do something like this? Why?”
“Why?!” Matt was hysterical now. “For the same reason why there is looting, and murders, going on all around us! To survive! You kids were ready. I don’t know how you were able to be so prepared, but you were. We need this truck to go find my brother and Saundra’s mother.”
Blaine was fuming and, although my abilities did not include mind reading, I was sure he was cursing himself for not thinking to grab the gun on the way out. As if on cue, out of the corner of my eye, I saw Jared take a step back toward our tent. 
“Stop!” called Matt. “I mean it. I like you kids, but I am not afraid to shoot one of ya.” He used his other hand to pat the bed of the truck. The dogs hopped in without protest. Then the engine turned over, indicating Saundra’s success, roaring as she pumped the gas pedal. 
“Come on. Let’s go!” Saundra shouted from within the cab. Matt made his way toward the passenger side of the truck, constantly keeping the gun aimed at the three of us. 
And then it happened. In less time than it took to blink, Jared fell to the ground in pursuit of the handgun in the tent. In this attempt, his foot caught Blaine’s ankle, causing Blaine to lose his footing. I watched as Matt reacted to the scuffle, the look on his face a direct connection to his thoughts. He knew Jared was going for the gun, and he would likely get to it before Matt could get to the door of the truck. He took aim at the guys and suddenly everything moved in slow motion. I saw Blaine, stumbling backward, vulnerable to Matt’s weapon aimed at his chest. I had seen Matt shoot enough to know he would not miss, and I was reminded of my two years without Blaine. It was then that I acted. Turning into him, I threw my body onto    Blaine and braced myself for the worst. 
My shoulder exploded in pain, as the wind was knocked out of me from the fall. “KARA!” I could hear Jared’s voice as the sound of the truck diminished in the distance. It was gone.

Chapter 33
Pulling up, onto his knees, Blaine gently positioned me onto my back. Jared was out of sight, rustling through what little supplies we kept in our tent, gathering items useful for first aid. The pain was unbearable. I had once broken my ankle in the third grade, requiring crutches for eight weeks while the bone healed. As a nine year old, I thought the initial break was the worst pain of my life. That injury paled in comparison to this one.  My shoulder was on fire, burning with pain constantly, and dull roaring spasms periodically. I tightly closed my eyes with the next spasm. 
Blaine was holding my head up, stuffing a bunched up blanket under it, and smoothing the hair out of my face. As Jared continued to search for some form of treatment for my injury, Blaine assessed the extent of my bullet wound. Trying to deflect the worry from both him and Jared, he said, “What made you do that?”
“He…” I replied before a sharp, searing pain shot through me. Pushing through it, I continued, “He was going to shoot you.” In response to the pain, I bit down hard enough to taste blood on the inside of my cheek. At least it took my mind off of my shoulder for a second.
“I thought I was supposed to be the hero.” He forced a laugh and kissed my forehead.
Jared returned with a roll of bandages and a jug of water. “This is all we have. They took the real first aid pouch, the one with all the medicine and antiseptic stuff.”
Blaine’s attempt at concealing his concern was poorly executed. He pulled out his hunting knife, pulled the fabric near the wound up away from my skin, and cut away most of my shirt and my entire sleeve. “Okay, I am going to clean it, but we need to try and stop the bleeding.” He carefully rinsed it with the water, its cool temperature only slightly soothing my pain.
After balling up a bandage, he placed the wad on my wound and applied pressure. I couldn’t help but scream as the pain from the added pressure intensified. The screaming didn’t last long before I was out of breath. I began to feel my body getting weak from pain, and the urge to sleep was now overriding the uncontrollable shaking that had started just after the guys were able to slow the bleeding. 
It was the middle of the day now. For a moment, I thought the pain was lessening, but, with another spasm, I realized it had been that I was getting used to it. Blaine did not leave my side, and I watched the worry deepen on his face as I drifted off to sleep. 
I slept but, between the pain and Blaine and Jared waking me to give me sips of water, it was not very restful.  However, each time I was awakened, my eyelids remained heavy. I was drowsy not because of sleep, but rather my body’s reaction to the pain. 
Drifting in and out of consciousness, I could hear Blaine and Jared discussing their next move.
“We need to find her a doctor,” stated Blaine, worry laced his words.
“We are in the middle of nowhere, man. Even if there was a doctor out here, there is no telling if they survived the attacks or not,” Jared replied, pacing.
“We have to try,” he hissed. I assumed he was trying not to wake me. “She is only going to get worse if we just sit here waiting for someone to come along. That could be days, even weeks. It could get infected.”
Jared paused at this statement then continued pacing. “We’ll have to make it on foot, and she is in no condition to walk.”
At Jared’s remark, I felt Blaine slide one of his arms behind my knees, tucking the other hand into my left arm pit taking care not to disturb my sore shoulder. “Then we will just have to carry her.” 
I heard Jared mumble something in reply, but I was drifting back into blackness before I could make out what it was. 
When I woke again, it was dusk. Still wrapped in Blaine’s arms, I saw Jared stringing a tarp over the branch of a large oak tree for shelter. The roots were huge, jutting out of the ground as if the massive tree would use them to climb out of the ground and walk away at any moment. The bulging roots created a cradle between the ground and the trunk. It was there that Blaine sat, curling me into his lap, stroking my hair. And I was asleep again.
I must have missed the morning light because when I opened my eyes we were walking through the woods again, the sun high in the sky. It was at least noon, and something was different. Looking up, I saw Jared was the one carrying me now. I wouldn’t have expected Blaine to carry me non-stop. Although I have always been on the light side of the scale, constantly having to carry 120 lbs. across the state could become quite exhausting. It made me angry that they had to carry me at all. If I wasn’t so weak, I would have insisted on walking myself. 
Taking in my surroundings, I noticed that the pain had become more bearable, my shoulder slightly numb. The burning was still evident, but the spasms were less intense. I was shivering now, feeling the unseasonably cool air, my eyes burning in opposition. I shut them tight, hoping wetting them would ease the discomfort. It didn’t. Despite all of this, I was drowsy once more. Fighting the heaviness of my eyelids once again, I retreated to blackness.

Chapter 34
My mind was swimming. Wait. I was swimming, submerged in water. Long periods of time passed before I surfaced for air. Blind, my body sensed everything around me. Rising to the surface, I could hear a screeching followed by a low groan. I couldn’t understand the words, but I know what they implied. There is nothing left here. We will starve. Another round of clicks, and a groan, later, and it’s time to move out.  I could feel the moonlight encroaching as we exited the mouth of the cave. Hesitation struck me, and the scent of food sent me running in its direction. We ran toward the villages of the strange creatures and their deadly rolling monstrosities. Frightened, I forced myself to approach the foreign area, drawn by an aching need. There was no more food in our home. We would die without it. As I ran, the trees sped past me and became a blur…
It’s nightfall, wet and raining. We were not covered well, although the guys have given me all the shelter of the tarp while they were left to be drenched in the cold downpour. Blaine did not leave my side, and I could not tell how long we had been traveling. After taking a sip of the water that was offered, I question Blaine, “How long have we been walking?”
Surprised to hear me speaking, he said, “This is our second night away from the camp. How are you feeling?”
“Cold,” I replied. My hands were freezing and my body was riddled with spasms of shivering. 
He cupped my hands in his and blew warm breath into them, stopping to rub the heat back into my frozen fingers. Looking up at my face, he brushed the back of his hand across my cheek. “You’re burning up.”
In an attempt to sweat my fever out, he pulled me in tighter, always careful of my injury. He then pulled something out of his pack. It was compact, silver, and shiny. After pulling a sticker tab off of it, he shook it open to reveal a large flexible sheet of what resembled aluminum foil. Wrapping it around me tightly, he began rubbing on my good arm to try and warm me up.
“What is this thing?” I asked, drowsily.
“It’s an emergency blanket. Kind of like a space blanket. It reflects your body heat back at you. Sort of like foil does with a baked potato.”
The thought made me smile, though my smile was weak. “Then it is doing its job. Because that is exactly what I feel like, a baked potato.”
Blaine snickered, but I was too weak to laugh. I nestled my head in the crook of his neck and drifted off to the sound of     Jared snoring next to us.
…I was out in the open, under the sunlight. But nothing had harmed me. My fragile skin was still well intact. I was sitting alone, my body bound in a strange looking vine. It prickled and scratched when I struggled. Something was poking a strange, cold stick into my back. I had come across a stick like this before and knew that it was deadly. Suddenly I felt something sharp pierce my neck, plunging through my delicate skin. I heard myself scream, as the earth around me began to tilt. My head felt heavy and I couldn’t support its weight, letting it fall freely from one side to the other. Something was trying to communicate with me, but I couldn’t understand the language. It became even more difficult to hear, my senses failing me one by one. I struggled to stay aware, resisting against the vines that bound me, the raw discomfort growing more unbearable. In protest, I screamed....
I awoke to the steady bouncing of Blaine’s footsteps, the trees moving up and down, up and down. My entire body ached, chilled with fever, but my arm was now mostly numb. My mouth was dry, caked with a putrid taste. Until today, the motion of being carried through the woods was comforting, almost soothing in its own way. But now, with the bouncing and rocking, I was feeling queasy. I could feel the bile rising in my throat, and it burned horribly from not eating anything the past few days. I managed to squeak out the word “Stop!” 
Blaine stopped, kneeling down to the ground, and I pushed his chest away with my good arm. On my knees, I wretched until I had no strength left in my body to heave. Blaine held my knotted mess of hair back while I embarrassed myself on the ground, in the middle of the woods. 
When I was finished, Jared opened up my canteen and handed it to me. Swishing the water around in my mouth, I spat, clearing as much of the taste out as I could. I didn’t dare swallow, as I knew my stomach couldn’t handle it. Gasping, I managed, “Are we even remotely close to civilization?”
Behind me, Jared replied, “We passed through a patch of houses while you were asleep. Nothing. They were hit badly by the Intruders and must have packed up and left because there were no cars either.”
Disheartening, but better news than I expected. At least it wasn’t hopeless to find someone. We just had to find a place with people that hadn’t been run off by the Intruders. Feeling a tear run down my face from the strain of the vomiting, I wiped my eyes. 
Blaine pulled a baggy from his pack. I could see there was crackers in it, and my stomach began to flip again. “You need to eat something. This will settle your stomach.” He opened the bag in front of me, offering for me to take one. Swallowing hard, I used my good hand to push it away, shaking my head. The thought of putting food in my mouth threatened the release of what little was left in my stomach. 
Returning the crackers to his pack, Blaine then scooped me up and we hiked on. Many things took their turn, attributable to my lack of sleep. The nausea, chills, and returning pain in my shoulder kept my body from resting as the guys walked again. I ached for my body to just let my brain shut off, a release from the discomfort. But it would only partially comply, allowing my eyelids to give in, while my brain remained fully aware.
Jared was carrying me now. As the warmth of the sun was less apparent, I concluded we were coming to a third night with no relief. And suddenly I felt him stop. Forcing my eyes open, I could see the cabin. Smoke rose from the chimney, a good indication that someone was home. I felt my heart skip a beat with the anticipation of not having to track any farther. 
Blaine was in front of us now and I could feel Jared’s steps quicken. He was full of adrenaline now, and it showed in his walk. Perhaps the idea that he would not be lugging my heavy self around anymore gave him the motivation he needed to hike up to the top of the hill where the cabin sat.
Blaine reached the door, a few feet before Jared, and knocked. Holding onto the handle of the gun, tucked in the back of his waistband, he waited for an answer as we caught up to him. There was no answer. Blaine knocked again, this time much harder, and pressed the side of his face to the door to listen. “Can’t hear anyone,” he announced in a whisper.
Jared began getting antsy. “There has to be someone here. There’s a fire going.”
“Maybe they left to hunt. It’s almost dark. If they left, they should be back soon. Unless they don’t know that the Intruders only come out at night.” He knocked one more time. “Hello! If anyone is in there, we don’t want trouble. We need help. Our friend is hurt.” Nothing.
“I think our chances are better if we wait until they get back,” said Jared, arms quivering. He was clearly losing the strength to hold me another minute. Setting me down on the ground, he sat beside me, massaging his biceps. Blaine turned his back to the door, wrapping his arms around me, allowing me to sink into him for comfort. 
As we looked off into the distance, down below the hillside, we heard a click. From the way every muscle in Blaine’s body tensed, I knew exactly what would make a clicking sound like that. A shotgun.

Chapter 35
I felt Blaine’s arm begin to rise behind me. “Don’t move,” growled the voice of the shotgun’s owner. It was a man. I could tell little else than that. He continued, voice shaking, ragged, “I don’t want any trouble. Now please be so kind as to leave, or I will use my friend here as an escort.” He nudged the barrel of the shotgun up, referring to it like it was a person.
Blaine was shaking now, composing himself with a single deep breath. “Please. Our friend is hurt. She was shot and badly needs medical attention. We have been walking for days trying to find someone that can help. We aren’t here for any trouble.” 
Behind me, the man grunted. I felt Blaine’s body sway as the barrel of the gun was dug deeper into his back. The man must have grabbed Blaine’s gun because it was then hurled above our heads and rolled down to the bottom of the hill. “Stand up,” the man ordered, almost in a whisper.
Knowing that standing was not an easy feat for me to accomplish, Blaine clamped his arm around my waist and supported me as we rose together. The pressure of my wound on his chest was excruciating, and my breathing became staggered. I got a head rush from rising so quickly. I hadn’t stood in days, and it was not agreeing with me at all. 
“Hands where I can see them!” growled the man behind us.
“But, sir, she can’t…” Blaine pleaded.
“Where I can see them,” he growled again. 
Blaine looked at me, apologies in his expression, and slowly let go of my side. The pressure of my weight on my legs sent my severely weak knees to buckling, falling on my left side. All of my body weight sent me landing on my left shoulder, pain instantly shooting through my body in a jolt that caused me to howl in agony. My breathing became ragged and shallow, my body convulsing with pain, the fever spinning my surroundings like a horrible version of a carnival ride. Everything at that moment was just too overwhelming for my body, and I felt my world getting dark.
As my vision became hazy, looking up, I saw Blaine and Jared standing with their backs away from the cabin. Blaine, a look of worry, concern, and anguish at the sight of my fall. Jared, a look of horror. And the man, older, with aged skin and gray hair, a white stick hanging out of his mouth, a sucker, and pointing his shotgun barrel at the man I love. “Kara?” I heard Blaine get out, just before I succumbed to the nothingness.

Chapter 36
Visions over came me, muddled with the voices of reality. I was standing in the middle of a meadow full of daisies, the sun bright on my face. Blaine stood by my right side, Jared on my left. The three of us held hands, bracing for something, but what it was, I had no clue. The Intruders didn’t come out during the day, so it couldn’t be that. And yet, here they were, emerging from the trees lining the perimeter of the meadow. Things had changed. They were out in sunlight. We knew the Intruders were not human, but like human in some form. If humans had evolved over the thousands, if not millions, of years, what was to stop the Intruders from something similar? Something kept them at the edge of the meadow, and I could get a good look at them. They were just as Blaine has described them, pale skin, almost transparent. They had pointed ears, resembling a bat’s, on the sides of their oval shaped heads, nearing the top. Their eyes were unnaturally close together, but it must have not mattered because they were completely useless from what resembled a severe case of cataracts. Their fingers and toes were webbed like amphibians, and their mouths filled with razor-sharp teeth. There were at least twenty of them, dressed in various pieces of clothing. Though I didn’t think they were used to clothing because many had pants that were not zipped, shirts that were not buttoned, and a few were wearing their clothing inside out or backwards. 
One of them stepped forward and opened its mouth wide. I couldn’t hear a sound come from it, but I knew it must have given the others an order because they began to advance on us. 
As they approached the clearing, I squeezed Blaine’s hand. He gave me a reassuring squeeze in return and looked down at me with a smile. From the corner of my eye, I could see the others in the tree line behind us, but these were not Intruders, these were humans. They began walking up behind us, and I got a better idea of how many there were. In response to the Intruders’ twenty, we had three times that many, armed and ready to fight. I looked to Blaine and returned his smile. As he spoke to me, I had trouble understanding. The movement of his lips did not coincide with his words. “Kara, I love you. You have to stay with me. Hold on.” But I know this was not what he was saying because it didn’t match up. Confused I look over to Jared. “She doesn’t look so good. You sure you know what you’re doing?” He said all of that and only opened his mouth once. By reading his lips, I was sure he had said “Ready?” but I couldn’t be positive.
I was watching the Intruders approach, and the leader that gave the orders before was now only two feet away. He was now talking, but it didn’t make sense; the Intruders couldn’t talk. Again, like the others, his mouth did not correspond with the words he said, and his voice was strange, “Get me the morphine over there.”
The lead Intruder then lifted his arm above his head and opened his mouth again. By the expression on his face, he was shouting, and suddenly the four of us were surrounded by a battle. The humans swarmed forward, around us, countering the opposing swarm of Intruders. The leader just stood there, eyes focused on me, while Blaine and Jared held their ground, clasping my hands. I watched as the sea of fighting melted together, Intruders mixed with humans, in a swirl of colors, spinning around us, pulling my feet out from under me. And then it was dark again.
Flashes of light surrounded me, pulsing like a slow strobe. Patches of darkness were interrupted by random explosions of fireworks, but instead of a cannon sound followed by a star burst pattern, they echoed voices and spelled out words.
Are you a doctor? A bright gold burst, with silver lining.
Used to be. Blue with specks of green trailing below.
Why? What happened? Gold burst, same silver lining.
Lost my license. Blue again, green showers.
Oh great, Blaine. And you trust this guy with her life? Red, with white sun bursts behind it.
I have no choice. Beautiful gold and glowing brightly.
Wow, um…a thank you would be a more appropriate phrase for this particular situation. Blue, this time with some purple mixed into the green flecks.
Right, it would be. Thank you for not shooting me in the back. The warmth of the gold made me want to touch it.
You’re welcome. And the blue faded, leaving an outline of green shadow in its place.

I was back in the meadow, warm and sunny. But I was alone this time. I could see Blaine coming toward me from the tree line as he picked a daisy off the ground. When he reached me, he gently tucked the daisy behind my ear and took my hands in his. He was speaking now, but I couldn’t hear his words, not even mismatches. When he was finished, he smiled and cupped my face in his hands, kissing my forehead. I closed my eyes to enjoy the moment. When I opened them, he was smiling down on me. He opened his mouth again to say something, but stopped, mouth gaping. His eyes became wide, distant. I could feel the weight of his body pressing against me, when I saw a single tear fall down his cheek, blood trickling from the corner of his mouth. Panicking, I called his name, but no sound emerged from my lips. As he fell forward, I could see the knife embedded deep into his back. The Intruder stood behind him, staring at me. It pulled the knife from Blaine’s lifeless body and raised it above its head in an attack position. I saw it open its mouth, razor-sharp teeth gleaming at every pointed tip, but no sound came out. Slamming my eyes shut, I braced myself for the knife, I could feel the end penetrate my left shoulder before I screamed.

Chapter 37
“BLAINE!” I screamed as loud as I could, eyes still sealed tight.
Someone was holding me now, Blaine, whispering softly into my ear. He was stroking my hair, rocking me like a child that had a bad nightmare. This only seemed fitting because, in actuality, I did just have a horrible nightmare. Still too frightened to open my eyes, I could feel his breath on my face as he hushed me, trying to calm me. Relieved that he was alive, I opened my eyes.
I was in a strange place, lying on a small bed in the back of a one-room cabin. I recognized the man with the shotgun, standing at the end of the bed watching me intently, a look of concern crossing his expressionless face. I saw Jared sitting in a chair at the table by the stove, watching from a distance. He had been playing cards, solitaire, on the table. His body was rigid, stiff, wondering why I was screaming, undoubtedly. 
I looked up at Blaine. He was holding my head in his hands now, kissing different areas of my face, stopping to say things between each peck. 
“Kara,” he whispered, “you scared me so much. I thought you were gone.”
My breathing became shallow as I began to hyperventilate.  “But, I saw you...the Intruder...you were...” I trailed off. Staring into Blaine’s eyes, I didn’t have the heart to tell him what I had seen or the stomach to believe it was possible. Instead, I clutched him with my good arm and kissed his neck.
The man approached me and Blaine on the bed. “Hello, Kara. I am Dr. Cartwright. Do you remember me?” He spoke slowly, hesitantly. 
Peeking from behind Blaine’s shoulder, I gave him a nod, then forced out, “The man with the gun.”
I glared as he chuckled and gently seated himself at the end of the bed.
Blaine must have felt me recoil because he began to stroke my back reassuringly. 
The doctor saw my apprehension and continued, “Yes…um...sorry about that. Ever since the power went out, I have had two different cases of looting. I guess my paranoia is getting the best of me.”
“Kara.” Blaine was softly stroking the back of my head now. “The doc helped us get the bullet out of your shoulder. You had a bad infection. We’re lucky he had antibiotics. We almost lost you.” I pulled my head away to look at his face. His eyes were red rimmed. He swallowed hard. He looked horrible, his skin pale, eyes sunken in and dark circles bordered them at the bottom edges. He had not shaved in what appeared to be weeks, which was probably how long it had been since he’d eaten or slept. Although he put on an act of strength to keep me from spinning out of control, his hands were trembling. Instantly I was aware of all he and Jared had done for me. I owed my life to them.   
I felt my chin quiver uncontrollably, and tears began to sting my eyes. I was dangerously close to sobbing. I needed to speak to keep from collapsing into Blaine’s arms and bawling.
“Um, thank you.” I directed my statement to Dr. Cartwright. 
The doc just chuckled and responded with a grin, “As if I had a choice. You have very persuasive friends. I was able to control the infection. I don’t have a whole lot of pain meds left, so if you can manage bouts without it, it will last longer until you fully heal. Are you in any pain now?”
With the distraction of waking up in a strange place, I hardly noticed my shoulder wrapped like a mummy, bulging with bandages as big as football pads. Compared to the agony I had endured when first injured, the mild throbbing was nothing. “I’m fine. Really, doesn’t hurt at all,” I lied.
“Okay, good. Let me know when it is bad enough for more meds, and I will get some for you,” he replied.
I nodded. 
Blaine used his thumb to swipe the tear that had escaped earlier and was now streaming down my cheek. Holding his wrist with my good hand, I whispered, “I love you.” He forced a smile through his concern and breathed, “I love you” in return.

Chapter 38
The next morning, I awoke to the smell of bacon. Bacon? That couldn’t have been true. I must have been dreaming. We hadn’t had any fresh meat since the solar flare knocked out the power grid and refrigerators and freezers were rendered useless. But opening my eyes, I saw that I was awake. Blaine lay to the left of me, sound asleep. I saw Jared standing at the wood stove, flipping strips of bacon in a cast iron pan. Dr. Cartwright was placing slices of homemade bread in a funny metal pronged contraption that he placed in the very front of the wood stove, where the fire was the hottest. He had preserves, eggs, and home fries already sitting at the table. The smell was wonderful. Only being able to sip broth the night before, the aroma of fried pork was calling me. I could hear the faint sound of the bacon sizzling in the pan.
Dr. Cartwright looked up from the table, saw that I was awake, and quietly motioned for me to come eat. Our communication began awkwardly. After awaking the day before, all I wanted was to focus my attention on Blaine, so the doc and I had not had much time to get acquainted. The room was small, and with Blaine sleeping only feet away from the table, we tried to keep our conversation limited to whispering and hand gestures so as not to wake him.
Motioning to the eggs, I looked at him, questioningly. He backed his chair from the table, tucked both hands under his pits and flapped his arms like a chicken, pretending to peck with his nose. Well I know where they come from. Registering my look of annoyance, he took my hand and guided me to the window. Behind the cabin sat a chicken pen, surrounded by three old trucks. That explained the eggs, but the bacon had me curious. 
When we returned to the table, I leaned in to whisper, “What about the bacon? How do you keep it fresh without electricity?”
“Where does bacon come from?” he whispered, grinning.
Oh my gosh, really? Do we have to make this a game? I thought. Fine, I’ll bite. I used my finger to push my nose up; resembling a pig’s and lightly snorted.
He nodded with approval, and then breathed, “Do you see a pig anywhere?” He grinned proudly when I put the pieces together and chuckled, shoving another piece of bacon into my mouth. Poor pig, I thought, while rolling the salty goodness around in my mouth.

Blaine slept through breakfast, and it was nearly the middle of the day before he woke, looking refreshed and slightly less worried. I sat at the end of the bed, watching him as he pulled himself up. He just leaned against the headboard and smiled, holding my hand in his. Although he was smiling, it did not reach his eyes. There was still a deep concern, and sadness, swimming in a pool of chestnut brown. I didn’t have to ask him what was wrong. I knew. Although I was healing, he was still worried about something. The doctor and Jared were outside now, tending to the chickens and his garden. We were alone for the first time in weeks. All we could do was stare at one another, thankful that the other was still alive. Blaine caressed the back of my fingers with his thumb.
The moment was broken, as Jared and Dr. Cartwright, or Hal as he has asked us to call him, came back from tending to the chores. Hal dropped an arm full of veggies on the table and tossed a book towards me. It landed on the bed, between me and Blaine. I picked up the book. It was covered in a light coat of dust, but otherwise was in very good condition. I read the title aloud, “10 Ways To Tell If You Are Psychic,” and looked at him, eyes wide, mouth gaping. A feeling of embarrassment coursed through me as I turned my gaze back to Blaine. He shrugged and gave my hand a slight squeeze. 
“Thought you might want to do a little research,” Hal added. “Your buddies told me everything.”
He poked me in the knee with his elbow, wiggling his eyebrows up and down, and then winked before returning to the other side of the room.  
I raised my voice so it’d cross the room and asked, “What kind of doctor are you?” I watched carefully for his response.
“Dentist, sweetie,” he said as he tapped his teeth, then winked again, and carried on with his duties. 
I turned back toward Blaine and we exchanged a look of amusement. He was definitely not like any dentist I had ever known. This guy was certifiable.

Chapter 39
The days went on, and the nights were filled with worry of an impending Intruder attack. Hal explained how he had not had any attacks by the Intruders at the cabin. And, although they had been abandoned after the power went out, other homes on the hillside had been left untouched. He usually worried more about the possibility of other human beings looking to take over the cabin. 
As night fell, I sat at the kitchen table in silence. Hal and I let Jared and Blaine sleep until their watch shift, as we played a wordless card game. Seeing that I had a winning hand, I lowered my cards to the table and looked up at Hal, expecting a bit of jealousy from him. But when I looked up, a noise called our attention to the door of the cabin. 
Then our bodies went rigid. Hal dropped his cards, leaped up from his chair, and crossed the room to the door. I felt myself begin to panic. I crossed the short distance to the bed and shook both the guys awake. It took them a minute to register what was going on. Blaine asked Hal what was wrong, and that was when it happened. The window above the kitchen sink exploded, glass showering around us on the floor. Hal was holding the door closed now, while Jared sprang into action. Blaine used his body as a shield for me, shuffling me over into the corner opposite the front door. Grabbing his handgun off of the desk, he handed me the shotgun, his eyes locking with mine briefly before he ran to help the others. Blaine ran over to the window above the sink and fired two shots through the opening. He climbed up onto the sink to get a better look when I saw a transparently gray hand reach in and grab the front of his shirt. Blaine aimed his pistol at the Intruder, pulling the trigger to fire. When he realized the pistol had jammed, the color drained from his face. Frantically he began messing with the mechanisms of the gun to get it to fire, but with no luck. Finally, he tossed the gun behind him and began punching at the hand that pulled at him. 
Jared ran to his side to help, grabbing a kitchen knife on the way. He lifted the knife above his head and proceeded to thrust it down at the arm. After slicing through the paper-thin skin, a strange diluted blood, almost orange in color, began to flow. The hand released its grip on Blaine, and Jared helped him down off the sink. 
Meanwhile, Hal had been holding the door, and he was no longer strong enough to keep them out. He faltered, and the door swung open wide. Jared saw this and let go of his grip on Blaine to charge the door. I watched as Blaine lost his footing and his legs flew out from under him, sending him falling head first onto the corner of the kitchen table. He was instantly knocked unconscious as one Intruder threw Jared into a wall. As Jared struggled to breathe from having the wind knocked out of him, another Intruder had Hal by the shirt. It was lifting him up above its head. The Intruder opened its mouth as it let out the same screeching cry I had heard that night in the storage shed. 
I felt helpless. There was nothing I could do. Tears streamed down my face as I witnessed a battle between the people I cared about and the things that haunted my dreams. It was a living nightmare, and I had no way of stopping it. A feeling of helpless anger overwhelmed my senses, and I balled my fists as tight as I could. But I couldn’t get my fists to clench. Something was in the way. 
THE SHOTGUN!
I was still holding the shotgun that Blaine gave me. He had cocked it for me, just before folding my hands around it, it was ready to go. All I had to do was point and pull the trigger. I stood, keeping my back to the walls in the corner, and took aim. The Intruders hadn’t noticed me yet. Good, I thought. 
Knowing I was not the best shot, I decided to take aim on the one that was holding Hal. I focused my target on the Intruder’s hip. I wanted to shoot to kill, but if I tried a shot at his head, I risked the chance of hitting Hal. Nestling the butt of the gun into my right shoulder, I pulled the trigger. The sound exploded in my ear. 
It was a clean shot, or at least a lucky one. The slug hit the Intruder square in the hip and it dropped Hal and collapsed to the floor, clutching its wound. The other Intruder, thinking Jared was the cause of the shot, charged in his direction. Still clinging to the kitchen knife from earlier, Jared plunged the knife into the Intruder’s stomach. A gush of its blood poured down his arm. 
I watched as Hal grabbed the handgun from under the table and fiddled with it for only a second before popping a shot into the head of the Intruder that I had shot, killing it. Hal then went to check on Blaine’s head injury. 
Jared pushed the Intruder off of him. I stood in the corner, watching as the Intruder was taking its last breaths. Slowly, I made my way to it, setting the shotgun on the bed beside me. I knelt next to Jared, who was cleaning the Intruder’s blood off his arm and shirt. I searched him to make sure he had no injuries. He assured me he was okay and gave a thumbs up. “Just some scratches.” I then turned my attention to the Intruder, still alive, lying on the floor beside me.
It was strange. We had seen what they could do, destroying communities and killing people in their path. But at this moment, while dying, the Intruder seemed almost harmless. It was so vulnerable that I couldn’t imagine it hurting anyone. Just as this thought crossed my mind, the Intruder raised its hand, reaching for me. It was as though it was requesting that I comfort it as it died, one last touch before an eternity without breathing.
I don’t know what compelled me to reach out toward its hand. Curiosity, maybe, as if I had stepped out of my body at that moment and was witnessing myself lifting a hand toward the Intruder. 
I looked away, toward Blaine on the floor across the room, still breathing, while Hal checked his pupils. Jared placed his hand on my back. “Kara, no. What are you doing?”
“It’s okay. It can’t hurt me,” I said to him, my eyes locked on the Intruder. I could feel Jared’s grip on the back of my shirt, his attempt at keeping me from doing something dangerous. But I ignored it. I couldn’t hear anything, my vision fuzzy around the edges. My only focus was the Intruder. Why were they here? What did they want? How long had they existed? I knew of only one way to find out.
Holding my breath, I clasped my fingers around the cold, moist skin of the Intruder. My heart was trying to escape my chest, adrenaline causing it to go wild against my sternum.   Then it, no he, closed his fingers around mine, gripping tightly as the light surrounding me began to fade into darkness.

END OF PART I
