Alliance of Blackbirds
Book 3
M.M. Gavillet
Also by
M.M. Gavillet
Blackbird Trilogy
Gathering of Blackbirds
Band of Blackbirds
The Librarian’s Daughter
The Story of Abi VanHaven
Watch for new releases
at
mmgavillet.blogspot.com
Alliance of Blackbirds
Copyright © 2013 by M.M. Gavillet

All rights reserved.  Printed in the United States of America.  No part of the book may be used or reproduced in any manner without the written permission from the author.  This book is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places and incidences are the product of the author’s imagination, any resemblances to real events, locations, persons living or dead, are purely a coincident.

Front, back and all interior photos taken and designed by 
M.M. Gavillet

Smashwords Edition 
To everyone who dared to dream-no matter how old they are.
Acknowledgments
Thank you to all of my village people and to my family who still make me laugh, cry, love and for just being the most important thing-themselves.  And thanks to all who read the first two books-glad that you’re reading the third and a big thanks to the lovely Sabina.  And as always to my dad who I know is still with me when I write late at night or early in the morning-you’ll forever be my muse.
Chapter One
The wind pulled at my hair and tiny droplets of rain stung my skin.  Everyone stood in silence on the windswept hill overlooking the small village Port Blue on the island of Meropsis.  
I was finally in Atlantis with Gabe.  The portal that had taken us to Eutopia now brought us back to Atlantis. Only, I had hoped for a happier return and one that found a home for the amulet.  
I tilted my head up glancing at everyone’s turned down faces.  The grey skies matched our sorrow and the storms we’ve been having I can only guess match what Alicia is feeling.
Zach’s body was dressed in a creamy white gown and covered in an array of flowers.  David killed him when he changed into the beast he’d become.  And with much effort in searching for him, David remains hidden.  My insides burn for justice in what he had done to Zach, Alicia and the rest of the Blackbirds.
I stared at Zach wishing him to move and get up saying this was all a joke.  No one spoke unlike funerals at St. F where people would speak, sing and talk of fond memories. We simply stood there in the unison of sorrow and pain after each of us covered Zach in the flowers that bloomed vividly on Meropsis—words I don’t think could help heal the wounds we all suffered.  
“Come on Em, time to go,” Gabe said with trembled voice.
I curled my arms around him, held him tight and released my own tears.
“It isn’t fair, Gabe,” I protested as if that would change anything.
He didn’t reply, only wrapped his arms around me like a protective cocoon.  I could feel water drop onto my head and the sound of Gabe drawing in a raspy breath.  Rain began to mingle with our salty tears.

“No!”  Alicia yelled at the top of her voice followed by the crashing sound of glass.
“Alicia, stop!”  Karinna’s calm voice could be heard from the back room.
Soon Alicia’s whimpers and moans slowed to a stop and Karinna with dark circles under her eyes came out.
“Can I get you anything?”  Alice asked Karinna in a low whisper.  Karinna smiled with a shake of her head.
“She’s asleep.  I gave her something to calm her down.”  Karinna maintained composure, but I could see her lips tremble and her voice quiver with worry for Alicia, her daughter.
“Unfortunately, I will have to report on everything that’s happened.”  Abe rubbed his chin not looking at anyone in particular.  Abe is the leader of the Blackbirds and mentor to Gabe.  He is in charge of the Blackbirds and father to Alicia. “I hope the weather cooperates.”  He looked out the window with clasped hands.
Karinna came behind him and placed her delicate hands on his shoulder gently kissing him on top of his head.  He didn’t look at her, only stared out the window as he rubbed his thumb over her white hand. 
“I’m going to go lie down…just in case Alicia needs anything.”  Karinna patted Abe on the shoulders and went down the hallway.
Rain pattered on the roof as everyone sat in an exhausted silence.
Suddenly, the door opened and a very wet Caleb came inside brushing the water off of his leather poncho.  “Rain evidently comes down in buckets here.” 
Caleb flipped back the hood as he looked at me with his neon green eyes.  He was the first person I met from Eutopia.  I remembered him pulling me from the shark infested waters and smiling at me as if he’d never had a worry in the world.  “I’ve found tracks and Quil, with his Ranger sense of smell, has picked up on David’s sent, though it’s weak and could be another animal.”
Gabe stood up and went to put on his boots.
“Where are you going?”  I asked.
“Where were the tracks?”  Gabe ignored me and looked at Caleb. 
“Close to where you are going to cremate Zach,” Caleb’s voice was soft.
Rain had stopped the funeral pyre.  It was customary to cremate an Alliance member rather than burying them believing even in death, their souls would still protect the vault of Meropsis that housed many magical implements of untold power.  
“I forbid you, Gabe,” Abe said in a parental tone.  Gabe continued to get ready.
“You can’t find him in this weather.”  He stood beside Gabe who didn’t pay attention to him.  
Abe watched him for a moment.  “And what are you going to do when you find him?”
Gabe’s grey eyes flickered with lightning.  “The same thing he did to Zach,” his voice rung with vengeance.  
“Gabe, please,” Abe placed his hand on his shoulder.  “You can’t find him, not in this weather.”
Gabe adjusted his rain poncho he took from Caleb and looked Abe in the eyes.  “Where’s Quil at?”  He turned to Caleb.
“Just outside…the rain doesn’t seem to bother him, rolls right off his fur.”  Caleb uncomfortably shifted his eyes from Gabe to Abe.  “Look, really, the weather is atrocious out there Gabe.  You’ll be fighting it more that trying to find David.”
Gabe didn’t listen to Caleb and started to open the door when Abe slammed it shut with his hand.
“I know Zach was like a brother to you, but he was like a son to me.”  Abe stood close to Gabe who avoided any eye contact.  “I can’t lose another son!” 
Gabe turned to him with his grey eyes.  “He deserves justice and David deserves to die.”
The door opened to the storm that tortured the island of Meropsis.  Abe stood in defeat watching Gabe go out the door.
I got up to go put my shoes on.  I wasn’t going to let Gabe go by himself.  
“No, you’re not going,” Abe said pulling another poncho down from the closet by the door.  “I’ll go with him.”
I stood with one shoe on as Abe looked at me and smiled.  “You need to stay here…for Alicia.”  He motioned towards the hallway.
I nodded my head and swallowed hard trying to contain my tears.  Abe’s eyes softened and gently patted me on the shoulder.
“She needs all the support right now,” Abe said opening the door into a whirlwind of rain.
He left and I looked at my feet, one with a shoe and one without.  That’s how I felt my whole life in St. F—almost reaching something and letting it die only halfway finished.  I could never cross the finish line to happiness and everything from paying the bills to work and school was a struggle for me.  I wasn’t going to let Gabe search for David without me.  I started to put on my other shoe when Karinna called my name.
“She wants you, Emily.  Alicia is asking for you.”  Her eyes were two different shades.  One blue and the other green and both looked like they were colors derived from Atlantis itself that could be found nowhere else.  She could easily persuade anyone with a glance.
I looked at my shoed feet and then at Karinna who patiently waited.  I drew in a deep breath, removed my hand from the doorknob and followed Karinna into the bedroom.
Alicia was still, almost like she was a corpse herself lying on her bed.  She had her back to me and faced the wall.  I quietly walked in as Karinna started to shut the door.  I glanced back and her eyes met mine.
“She asked to speak to you in private.”  Karinna’s voice was soft tinged with hurt around the edges.
The door went shut and I looked at Alicia in the blue-black light that rippled with the pouring rain.
“I can even see your aura reflect off the wall R-girl,” Alicia all red-eyed and nose swollen, turned around and sat up.  “It’s amazing.  You’ve gained power and strength.”
“Thanks,” I said after a few moments of confused silence.  “I mean…I’m sorry…”  Alicia got up shaking her head.
“Don’t waste being sorry.  It doesn’t get you anywhere.”  Her mouth slightly turned upward into what looked like a small smile.  “I asked you in here alone so you could help me—or, I mean ask for your help.”
“Yeah, I’ll help you Alicia, you don’t have to ask.”  She only deepened her smile.
“I need to get to the vaults of Port Blue.”  She gazed down at me.  “And you can help me do that.”
I shifted my weight side to side and then glanced at the window just as lightening flashed with the rumble of thunder causing them to vibrate.  “Why—why do you need to go in there?”  I asked not sure of what Alicia was up to.
“There’s a pool in there…one you know as the “fountain of youth.””  Alicia’s eyes searched mine.  “It can produce miracles, Emily do you understand what I’m saying here because I’m not a girl of many words.”
“The fountain of youth is a fable, fantasy…”  Alicia tilted her head to the side and widened her eyes.  That’s what I thought at one time—mythical things are just that—myth, until the amulet found me.  “It’s only a fable on Earth.”
“No, it was on Earth at one time, but humans used it unwisely.  You don’t just cannonball into the fountain of youth and expect a miracle instantly.”  Alicia’s sarcastic humor was returning.  “I can bring Zach back.”  Her eyes gazed steadily at me.
 “Alicia,” I started to say when she turned and grabbed a small dagger that sat on the tall dresser beside the window.
“We have to hurry because they’ll cremate him tomorrow.  We’ll have to walk and hurry because if I don’t move now I’ll never have a chance.”  Alicia repressed her tears trying to stay composed as she grabbed another poncho and handed it to me.
“What do you say because I’m doing this with or without you?”
I looked at her determined eyes.  “Alicia…I don’t think it’s a good idea.  Zach…”
“Wouldn’t you do it for Gabe?”  She stood in front of me.  “If you knew there was a chance to get him back, wouldn’t you take it?”
I looked away and then back at Alicia.  I knew I would.  I hesitantly took the poncho from Alicia’s hand. 
“The rain is actually a good thing, not so many out around town.  Let’s go.”
The rain came down in sheets making tiny rivers over the gravel road that led towards the twisted looking buildings of Port Blue.  From a distance they looked white, but as we neared them I could see blue hues that looked like someone threw blue water in random spots until the structures were marbled.  
I skidded down the steep incline of the mud slicked hill.  Alicia practically flew ahead of me and I struggled to keep up.  Thunder rumbled overhead as I looked up at the grey clouds dropping silver droplets of rain.  They hit against my hood and face running down my neck to my shirt underneath.  I shivered making my way to the bottom of the hill.  
Alicia waited urging me with her eyes.  I barely caught my balance and she was off following the clay road embedded with crushed shells.  I ran up to her rubbing my shoulders against her.
“Where are the vaults at?”  I asked.
“Not far, just around the corner.”  She didn’t look at me only looked forward.
The road led us into the maze of buildings.  The roads curved and turned labyrinth like among the connected buildings of various heights.  Arched windows were carved out of the coral like structures and enclosed with brightly colored stained glass.  Most of the windows were solid pastel colors, but some had pictures of colorful fish, seahorses, dolphins and mermaids.  Some of the buildings were square while others curved and spired upward pointing at the grey sky.
There was no one around.  Large awnings were folded down covering the fronts of businesses.  Even though the streets of Port Blue were deserted, I still felt that eyes were watching us.
Alicia pushed her way around the street until the maze led us to the center of town to a large building with a bell tower at the top.  Curved steps graced the front of the structure.  
Alicia ran up them until we were under the roof covering the entrance.  She reached into her pocket and pulled out a round, thin, sapphire colored stone.  She held it in her palm letting the brilliant color bleed into her pale skin.  She held it up to a conch shell that was half mortared into the wall beside the door. 
“I take it this is the vault,” I said only assuming since Alicia wasn’t saying much.
“Shh,” she whispered carefully positioning the stone to the opening of the shell.
Suddenly, a hollow sound, like someone blowing across the top of an empty glass bottle, came from the shell followed by thin, curling, black tentacles.  It reached for the stone and gently caressed it before receding back into the pink tinged shell.
With a click from the double, solid glass doors that were the same blue as Alicia’s stone, we went inside and out of the blowing rain.
It took a few seconds for my eyes to adjust to the dim light.  I pushed back my soaked hood and gazed up at the many glass shards of various shades of blue that levitated just over our heads.  It was beautiful and dangerous looking at the same time.
“What is that,” I turned to Alicia, “and what was that…thing in the shell?”
“The door guardian and over our heads,” she tilted her eyes upward.  “Those attack anyone who enters without validation.”
“You have validation to be here?”  I kept my eyes on the glinting sharp glass.
Alicia quickly smiled.  “No, not yet I’m too young, but my father does.” She held up the blue stone and smiled.  “Come on the vaults are this way.”  Her voice echoed off the opal colored walls that were fragmented with pinks, pale oranges and lavenders.
There was no furniture, no people, nothing but colored light flowing through the windows high above.  The hallway curved nearly concealing a room filled with shelves, boxes and crates.  Everything looked organized.  
Alicia spun in a circle quickly looking at each of the shelves that had squiggled marking burned into the ends of the wood shelves.  She mumbled to herself and pointed her finger to each one.
“There, this one.  Come one.”  Her dark eyes flashed to me.
“Why isn’t there someone here?  I mean we walked right in.”
“That’s what the guard is for and if someone enters without validation, then they will be served glass justice and be diced into small pieces.”  Alicia stopped midway through the tall aisle and glanced at the crates overhead.  “As much as I would like to play tour guide, I can’t.  We have a lot to do.”  
Alicia was tall, nearly a head taller than me and had no problem reaching the shelves.
“There, there it is.  They really do a good job categorizing everything.”  Alicia pulled down a small crate that looked like it could hold a basketball, but was perfectly square.
“That’s it?”  I asked.
“What did you expect?”
I shrugged my shoulders.  “I don’t know, maybe something bigger…”
“Well, be glad it isn’t because we have to take this back with us and we’ll have to hurry.”  Alicia snugged the box under her arm and went back down to the hallway.
“Now comes the hard part.”  Alicia stopped at the door.  “Nothing is supposed to leave the vault without proper validation.”
“Alicia, what do you mean?  We’re stealing?”  I looked at the crate she held securely.
“Borrowing or creative acquiring as Claire calls it.  What do you think; this isn’t a library where you can just check things out.”  Alicia shrugged her shoulders not bothered.  “I’m going to open the door.  Go outside and I’ll throw it to you as you make a run for it.  I’ll follow from behind.”
“What…”  I started to say when Alicia pushed the door open and shoved me out. 
“Run R-girl!”  
The crate twirled in the air and amazingly I caught it.  Alicia yelled to run as she flew down the stairs.  I turned to run when suddenly Alicia screamed.  I stopped to see whatever was living in the conch shell had twirled its long tentacle around Alicia’s ankle.  With outstretched hands she clawed at the ground trying to slow herself as the thing reeled her back towards the open door.  The sound of clanking glass echoed from inside the building.  Immediately, I dropped the crate running towards her.
Alicia managed to pull her dagger from her belt and before she could sever the black appendage, several more tentacles curled around her body nearly covering her.  
She let out a scream and looked wildly at me as I picked up her dagger and begun to cut her loose.  I didn’t know where to start.  The fibrous tentacles were tough and different sizes making a mesh around Alicia.
Frantically, I sliced at them only to have the ones I did, replaced.  My hands shook and were covered in black slime that burned my skin.
Alicia squirmed and now was nearly mummified by the black vines as I continued to cut and finally freed her hand when the first glass shard whizzed past me slicing my shoulder.  Her legs were nearly inside the building when a flash exploded in front of me.  
I fell back throwing the dagger over my head blinded by the light.  I rolled to my knees still trying to focus when someone grabbed me by my arm.
“Run, now Em!”  Alicia screamed as I looked back at the doorway to see a creature all white and silver and staring at me.  It was David.
Even transformed into the monster he has become I could still tell.  Alicia pulled at me to get up with the crate nestled under her arm.
We ran through the streets and the rain not stopping until we reached the crest of the hill.  I collapsed on the grass breathing hard trying to catch my breath.  Alicia stood in front of me.  The rain had nearly washed the black slime from her face.  My hands were slightly numb and pink from the irritating substance.
“We have to keep moving.  They’ll be hunting for us.”  Alicia gazed down at me.
“That was David back there standing in the doorway.  I think…I think he’s the one that cut you lose.”
Alicia stared blankly at me.  “I didn’t see anyone, only you covered in excrement.”  Her tone was flat.  “We have to move.”
Alicia ran like nothing could stop her until we reached Zach’s body.  The rain had flattened all of the flowers covering him and even bled their vivid colors into his gauzy clothing.  
I looked around and saw no one.  I wondered where Gabe was and could only wonder where David was, that is if I saw him.  My skin felt hot and my blood began rush through me.  My heart suddenly felt like a drum pounding in my chest.  I fell to my knees as Alicia opened the crate with her bare hands slicing them open on the protruding nails.
“Alicia, I don’t feel well,” I said.
“It’s poison from the guard.  It isn’t deadly and I’m feeling the effects too.  It’ll pass.”  I watched her remove several clear stones from the crate and place them on the ground.
“Over here,” she took two stones and started to put them around Zach.  
I managed to help her with my head spinning.  We sat each of the clear stones around the stone pillar that held Zach, until he was surrounded by them.  I looked at Alicia who stood at the foot of the pillar and stared at him.  
“Alicia…I don’t think this is….”  I doubled over and vomited into the wet grass.  My stomach tensed and pain shot through me.
“I’ll heal you when I’m done,” she said.  “For now, I need your strength.”  She bent down as the smell of acid filled my nose.  “I need your help, I need your power Emily.”  Gently, she held and then dropped the heart shaped amulet that hung around my neck, and looked at me with her unmoving dark eyes.
I heaved again, but nothing came up.  Alicia took my hand and I could feel the instant connection.  It was like a string, long and thin pierced my skin and traveled down my arm and then throughout my body.  Alicia and I were tied together, bound by our separate magic.
Alicia belonged to the Phoenix clan.  They were the magical clan of the Alliance, each having a special capability.  Alicia’s had the power to heal.  Only she is half Phoenix leaving her not strong enough to handle her ability.  She joined the Blackbird clan not only because Abe was her father, but because she had to develop her ability.  The first time I saw her use her power that left her weak, now has gained in strength and I could feel it rush through me.  
Light surrounded us and tiny particles of translucent colors of lavenders, mauves and blues enclosing everything in a fog.  Everything began to swirl and the ground moaned under my knees as Alicia still hung onto my hand.  Thin cracks formed along the inside of the stones in the oval shape we had made.
I could see Zach’s body slowly sink downward as the ground parted in a jagged line.  His body sunk until I could hardly see him.  Clear water then began to pour out of the exposed black soil in thin ribbons filling the indentation quickly.
My legs trembled as I stood to see Zach’s body submerged in the water.  Some of the flowers had floated to the top and the stones we had placed around him burned in many different colors.
I looked at Alicia who had a distant look in her eye.  I called her name, but she didn’t respond to me.  Slowly, she let my hand go.  I could feel my strength being pulled out of me by the string that connected us.
Alicia went into the water kneeling at first beside Zach.  The water began to sparkle and turn with many different colors.  A mist boiled as Alicia lowered herself into the water.
I stepped closer in awe of everything.  Alicia, now underwater, curled her delicate arms around Zach and tucked her head into the crook of his shoulder.  She then moved on top of him and began to twirl in the water until the mist thickened and the water boiled with thousands of bubbles.  I lost their image and fell to my knees again.
Suddenly, a cry split the thick air.  It was Zach.  I crawled closer to the pool letting my fingers touch the cool water.
“Zach,” I said between dry heaves.  “You’re alive…it worked!”
He sat in the pool like he was sitting in a bathtub.  The gauzy shirt clung to his skin and melting flowers were tangled in his blonde hair.  Zach’s eyes blinked and then focused on me.
“Em,” his voice questioned.
“Alicia…”  I screamed in pain.  “Is she…”
Suddenly I was pulled back by two strong arms and then thrown to the ground.
“Emily, you’ve got to help me!”  David grabbed me by the shoulders and shook me.  His face faded from all white and silver to his usual darkness.  He grunted and groaned struggling to maintain what was left of him.  “Please…Em.”
“I don’t…”  I tried to keep my stomach from churning, but was no use.  This time something metallic tasting filled my mouth and hit the green grass with a splat.  
I whimpered as David yelled at me demanding that I help him.  His voice was filled with fear and desperation. I supported myself on trembling arms.
“We’re both in danger.  My father won’t rest until he finds you.  Pandora’s Lock is the only thing that will save us…save me.”  David then tilted his head back and let out a scream.  He looked back at me with white eyes and pale skin.  His dark hair fluctuated between brown and white, finally giving into the whiteness.  His throat vibrated and sharp teeth protruded from his snarling mouth.
David crouched in front of me and stared.  I wasn’t sure if he was going to attack or not.
“Don’t.  Don’t do it David.  You don’t have to give in to what your father did.”  I didn’t have strength to fight him physically, so maybe words could act as my weapon.  “I can help you, but you have to let me.”  I held out my hand and realized it was covered in blood.
My eyes went from David to the pool of blood soaking into the green grass.  I winced at the sight trying to contain my fear.  I lifted my eyes to David and held out my bloody hand inviting him to take it.
David tilted his head and slowly looked down at his own hand.  He held his talon tipped fingers in front of his face and scowled.  His head dropped slightly and silver streams ran down his face.  Then, he looked at me.  My hand trembled and his eyes shifted to mine.  I could see clearly in David’s white eyes—he was still in there despite his appearance.
His mouth parted trying to speak as he stretched his hand to mine nearly touching it when something black and fur covered pounced out of the white mist.  David rolled to the ground then jumped back up facing Quil.  
“Don’t fight him David…he wants to help you too!”  I stood up swaying with my eyes focused on David.  His eyes were steady on me.  I kept my eyes on him trying to keep him clinging to what human part was left.
Quil took the opportunity and snapped his neck leaving him unconscious on the ground.  I couldn’t look away.  He appeared as the David I had always known, only now caught somewhere between beast and human.
I could feel my knees giving out and before I hit the ground, someone caught me.  Zach, with wilted flowers still entangled in his hair smiled at me.
Chapter Two
 “She’s bleeding internally.  Probably from the poison.”  Zach laid me down.  “I still can’t believe she did it,” he said under his breath.  “Quil…”  Zach motioned for him.
“Zach, you’re not dead…it worked…it worked!”  I exclaimed.  “Where’s Alicia?”
“Do you have a knife?”  Zach asked Quil whose amber eyes gazed at me curiously.  “No, I’m not dead.”  He looked down at me.
“Where’s Alicia?”  I tried to sit up to catch a glimpse of her through my dizziness.  Zach only pushed me back down.
Quil held his arm over me and Zach delicately sliced with the small dagger a thin line.  Two drops of blood hit me on the cheek as Quil put his wrist to my mouth.  I looked up at him not wanting to have any of this.  I tried to resist him.
“Come on Em—you have no choice here.  Poison from the door guard isn’t something to take lightly...it’s designed for one thing…”  Zach’s voice slightly trembled.  Quil knelt down and shoved his wrist to my lips.
I closed my eyes as his blood seeped into my mouth.  It was surprisingly sweet. I opened my mouth more letting it run over my tongue.  Suddenly, my repulsion turned to pleasure and I enjoyed the taste and the warmth that filled me.  I became relaxed without a care in the world letting Quil’s blood run through every cell, every muscle.  I didn’t want it to stop and when he pulled away, I wanted to latch on.
“Enjoy that, princess?”  Quil’s voice entered my head.
“Yes,” I said as my eyes popped open and Quil smirked at me.  I wanted to feel angry, violated and played for a fool, but I couldn’t.  My emotions were raw and I held nothing in the way to stop them.  
 “I’m fine Zach,” I said as he held my wrist taking my pulse.
“I’ll decide that for you.”  He didn’t even look at me.
“What about Alicia?”  I asked and he only flicked his eyes to me and let my wrist go.  “Is she ok?”
“She’s still in the fountain.”  He looked at me and pointed to the pillow.  “The poison is still working on you, now lay down.”  
I half glanced at the pillow.  “Why can’t she get out?”  
Zach took a breath.  “I wish I knew.  Karinna and Abe are trying to come up with something.”
I ran my fingers through my tangled hair.  “I shouldn’t have let her go…it’s my fault.  I even helped her and now…”
“You did what any friend would do, don’t beat yourself up.  It’s in the past.”  His words were soft.
“She loves you you know.  And I mean she really cares for you.”
“I know,” he smiled.  “So, you need to rest.”  He pointed at the pillow.
“Really I feel fine, been worse.”  I protested.
“I’m not just concerned about your health, but also about Gabe.  He cares about you and I wouldn’t want anything to happen to anyone that he cares about.  Now rest.”  His voice was forcefully playful.
He quickly turned away as pools of water welled in his eyes.
“Zach,” I said whipping the covers off and standing up.  “I want to know if Alicia is ok.”
He stopped at the door with his back to me.  Lowering his head he slowly turned with tears falling from his child-like eyes.
I went over and curled my arms around him.  “It will be alright, I know it will,” I said really not knowing and wishing I was right.
“She traded spots with me,” Zach said holding me by my shoulders.  “Karinna said the fountain of youth is keeping her alive.  If we pull her out she’ll die.”  He removed his hands and looked down at his feet.  “She gave me her energy. She gave me my life back…”
Just then a quiet knock came from the other side of the door.
“Is everything alright in here?”  Karinna peeked around the corner with flushed cheeks.
Zach straightened looking at Karinna.  “Just trying to get Em here to rest.”  
Her eyes shifted to me.  “You look better.”  She then motioned towards the bed.
I sat down as she shook out a soft throw blanket and wrapped it around me.  Zach drifted out the door with hardly a sound.  A lump began to form in my throat as I looked at the dark circles of worry that hung under Karinna’s eyes.
“It’s my fault, Alicia asked me and I helped her.  I didn’t know what she was doing—she just wanted to help Zach,” I said running the tasseled ends of the blanket through my fingers.  “Karinna…I’m sorry.”  I lifted my eyes to her.
She drew in a breath and placed her hand over mine.  “Don’t be sorry.  It’s not your fault and something that can’t be undone.”  She smiled slightly.  “You have to learn that.  We can’t dwell on the mistakes we made wishing them differently.  You have to look forward to a solution.”
“Zach said the fountain is keeping her alive and she’ll die if we pull her out,” I said.  “How are we going to get her out?”  
Karinna’s face went pale and she tried to hide it with a smile.  “Some solutions aren’t instant.”  She ran her hand across my cheek barely touching it. “We have to be patient and look for it.  Alicia is strong and her sacrifice was out of love and that love will sustain her.”
“Is there something magical—a magical implement or tool, spell, chant or something that we can use?”  Karinna shook her head.
“Not with the fountain of youth.  It’s magic of its own.  There’s nothing to counteract it.  Once it’s being used, it must be maintained and that’s why it was placed into storage.  It’s a gift as well as a burden to the Phoenix who created it a long time ago.”  She looked away and then gazed back at me with her warm smile.
“Now why don’t you rest a little longer and I will be back.”  Her voice was soft and soothing.  I drifted back to the pillow and shut my eyes easily lured to sleep by the simple touch of Karinna’s hand.
Something cold brushed across my cheek.  I flinched and pulled the blanket towards my chin.  I felt the coolness again and opened my eyes slightly to see a shadowed figure looming beside me.
“Gabe?”  I questioned.
“Emily, please help me,” David said leaning forward.  
I pulled myself away nearly tripping over the blanket tangled around my legs and knocking over the delicate nightstand.  David didn’t move, but only knelt on the floor gazing up at me like a battered dog.  His body shook with what few shreds still connected him to the human David.  He looked the same except for his eyes that were like two white marbles.
“I don’t want to hurt you.  I want out of this Emily.”  He slowly stood up.
“Em!” Gabe yelled from the other side.  “Are you alright?”  The door jiggled then flexed from Gabe pounding on it.  “Em!”
David looked over his shoulder at the door that began to glow before turning back to me.  
“You’re the only one that can help me Emily.”  He stood up.  “They don’t understand what I’ve been through…what I’ve dealt with and how badly I don’t want to be this way, but I had no choice.”
I stepped back until my shoulders brushed against the wall.  “David…I…”
He leaped over the bed with a growl like a lion as the door flew open.  Gabe jumped on David and was thrown off like he’d run into a spring.  Like a flash of lighting, David grabbed me and leaped out the open window.
He only ran as far as the edge of the garden, but I knew he could’ve taken me anywhere.  Gently he sat me down and stared at me with his white eyes.
“I’m not running because I want help, but I need your help Emily.  I need their help and they’ll believe you, listen to you.”  He sunk to his knees just as Gabe, Caleb and Quil surrounded us.  
David lifted his arms showing no resistance with his eyes steady on me.
“I mean no harm.  Please believe me.”  Gabe shoved him to the ground planting his face into the wet grass.
“Tell that to Zach!”  I stepped forward looking at Gabe.  He almost looked like an animal himself and I knew David was stronger than Gabe and could break him in two if he wanted.
“No, listen to him.”  Gabe lifted David up as Quil tied thin metallic threads around his wrists.  David squeezed his eyes shut and groaned between clenched teeth.  I then caught a stench of something rotten.  David’s skin festered with blisters and burned gold from his bounds. 
“He wants our help!”  I yelled as Caleb came behind me pulling me back.  I swatted at him.
“I told you he has affected her.”  Quil nodded towards me as Gabe grabbed David’s other arm.
“He didn’t affect me!”  I protested.
“Take her back to the house,” Gabe said to Caleb quickly glancing at me before dragging David off towards a smaller building beside the house.
“Come on Emily.”  Caleb’s voice was soft.
I pulled my arm from his hold.  “You believe don’t you Caleb?’  He didn’t reply.  “He could’ve taken me as far as he wanted to, but he stopped.  He could’ve hurt Quil and Gabe.”  I searched his eyes for understanding.  “He might be able to help us.  We’ve got to give him a chance.”
“It’s cold out here Em, let’s go inside and I’ll make you some tea.”
“Tea! Really!”  I stood in front of him.  
“If you’re going to argue for David’s sake then at least get inside where everyone’s at.  It’s a mess in there of what to do, what not to do and what the Alliance is doing to secure everything.”  
I looked into Caleb’s green eyes.  “You believe me.  David is trying and I think he can or at least wants to help us.”  
He nodded his head.  “I’ve seen people like him before.  Usually cursed by some spell my mother would try to break.  She risked a lot trying to save them, often jeopardizing our livelihood.  They were either outlaws or escapees from prison. A few times she succeeded most of the time…she didn’t.  Her heart was bigger than her commonsense at times and I know she risked everything trying to make our world better.”  He took my hand.  “I can see that quality in you and it cost her very much.”  
He took a step away from me letting go of my hand.  “What are you saying Caleb, that I shouldn’t help him and let him die to save myself when he might be able to help us?” 
He stopped and looked up at the sky.  “My mother would ask me the same sort of thing before helping someone and I would always tell her the same thing every time in return.”  He put his hands into his pockets.  “What are your innards telling you?”
I was taken back expecting something a little more helpful that to just go on a gut feeling.  Caleb started walking towards the house.
“But that isn’t logical,” I said catching up with him.
“What are your insides telling you?  It’s perfectly logical.  Not everything comes to us in black and white sometimes you have to go by on how you feel.”  We stood facing one another in front of the door.  “That’s what matters, especially for an Unseen.”
An Unseen, that’s what my mother was in Eutopia.  A secret organization that got rid of anyone caught behind the Wall after it expanded increasing the perfect Crystal City and eliminating anyone not meeting their standards.  The only thing is that the magic used belongs to the glass people and when the Wall is complete they will consume Eutopia as their own.  
“But that was my mother, not me.”  I pointed to myself feeling the amulet under my shirt.
Caleb gently took the pendant out and let it fall to my skin.
“That, that little thing is what is holding as well as pulling everything apart and like I said before, it belongs to you.”  Caleb smiled.  “And it’s prettier now.”  He shrugged his shoulders.  “Your mother intended for you to have it—she knew what you were capable of before you were ever born, now all you have to do is see it too.”
Caleb opened the door and went inside.  I could hear everyone speaking at once, but Abe’s and Jimmy’s voice was louder than the rest.
“The Alliance doesn’t see Eutopia as a threat.  They don’t think the glass people are strong enough to come here,” Abe said standing in front of Jimmy.
I stood just inside the room with my back to the door.  Jimmy I’d known for a couple of years when I lived in St. F.  He’d given me my first job and was like a father to me.  Abe was his brother and the two of them stood face to face like two opponents of a boxing match.
“And you agree with that?!”  Jimmy turned away, ran his fingers through his hair and then turned back into his brother’s face.  “That sort of thinkn’ cost us last time!”  His eyes darted over to Alice.
“Thomas was training…you knew the risks.”  Abe shook his head.
I looked over at Thomas who I knew as Ethan in Eutopia.  He was Alice’s and Jimmy’s lost son they thought had died.  I remembered seeing the newspaper clipping of the obituary when I stayed in their house the night David and I broke up back in St. F.  Thomas was the first one I met inside the Crystal City.  He had no memory of his past and thought he was from Eutopia, but felt that he wasn’t.  
“Yeah, bruises and scrapes and a few hurt egos—not getting lost through a portal.”  Jimmy’s eyes darkened staring at Abe.  He stiffened not removing his eyes from Jimmy as well.
“Look, James,” Abe’s voice softened and he always called his brother by his proper name, never Jimmy.  “It was part of the training.  We have to be prepared for anything…safety is always…”  Suddenly Jimmy’s fist shot through the air like a lightning bolt smacking Abe square in the nose.
“That’s for all the years lost!  All the years your negligence took away!”  Jimmy yelled over his brother holding his bloody nose shaking his hand and glaring down at Abe.
“Jimmy! No!”  Alice came over as Karinna bent down beside Abe.
“This isn’t solving anything.”  Alice stood in front of Jimmy with her hands on his chest.
He folded his arms and glanced up at Thomas who stood behind the couch frozen.  I went over to him looking into his confused eyes.
“Yeah, well I feel better,” Jimmy said with a shrug of his shoulders.
Karinna helped Abe up and took him to the kitchen as Alice talked quietly to Jimmy.
“Thomas,” I said turning to him.  “I know this is all very confusing to you, but I know Jimmy and he really is a good person.  He doesn’t usually go around punching people.”
He shook his head with a quick smile.  “No doubt that he isn’t, it’s just that everything has been dumped on me at once and Alice, I mean my mother has been very kind and patient.”  He took his eyes off of them and gazed into mine.  “It’s just that I don’t know how to be their son now.  I understand that it pains them, but after all those years in Eutopia, I dreamed of this day.  Only, now I don’t know how to be a son.  I’ve always known my duties and everything they preach about the Wall and how perfect Eutopia will be when it’s completed.  I have this gift now and I don’t know what to do with it.”  His eyes shifted back to Alice and Jimmy.
“You don’t have to do anything with it right now.  Give it time and get to know them,” I said tilting my head towards them and slightly smiling.
“I will leave and won’t come back if the Alliance knows I’m here,” said a familiar voice coming through the front door that opened suddenly.  “I can do that you know,” Pandora said with a snap of her raised fingers, “just like that.”
I stared at her as her twinkling eyes met mine.
“Emily,” she said nodding her head.
I didn’t reply only stared at the woman who had planted the amulet on me when I had bought junk jewelry at her shop in St. F.  She’d also blamed me for transporting it when I sat in front of the council trying to explain myself when I first came to Atlantis.  She continued to smile and I felt like punching her as well square in the nose.
“Okay, you’re here now and no one is going to say anything especially since you’re not supposed to be here.”  Claire shut the door and shook her head with wide eyes as Pandora handed her coat to her.  
“Here my little red headed Alfheim, take this.”  Pandora glanced over her shoulder.  Claire glared at her.  “You know your people are known for their hospitality and many wars were ended and prevented by just being in their presence.”  She tilted her head down with a smile and moved her coat closer to Claire.
“I’m not considered Alfheim.”  Claire snatched the coat and hung it on the hook beside the door.
“Pandora, thank you for coming,” Karinna glided towards her with a smile and a slight bow.
“You’re welcome and that my little red head is how to treat the line of Pandora.”  She looked at Claire with raised eyebrows.  “Well anyhow, where’s the little Phoenix?”  
Karinna drew in a deep breath.  “Outside.”
“You brought her here to try to get our daughter out?”  Abe stood up removing the ice bag from his swollen nose.
“Yes, she did and I can fix that for you if you like.”  Pandora stood in front of Abe.  “Though, I will charge for that separately.”  She glanced back at Karinna then back at Abe.  “Blackbirds were never known for their self-control in argumentative situations.”
“Abe I’ve tried everything and consulted every resource I know.”  I could see Karinna’s hands shake and tears swell in her eyes even though she looked away.  Abe closed his eyes and let out a sigh.
“I’ll go back.”  Zach stepped forward.  “I’ll go back and take her place.”
Pandora suddenly let out a loud chuckle.  “No, no, no my dear lover boy,” she said with fat, rosy cheeks swelling from her smile.  “It doesn’t work that way.  Our little Phoenix is in love with you and she gave you her life—you can’t return it.”  She stepped over to Zach and examined his eyes.  “You love her.  I can see that and you’d do anything for her, but this you cannot.”  Her smile faded and looked at me.  “Destinies we’re not in charge of, but there are those that can manipulate them.  I’m one of those that can.”
“No kidding!”  I spat out as Pandora’s amused smile returned.
“And the amulet had nothing to do with it?  It found you all I did was push it in the right direction when it asked for directions.”  I stood in front of her with my fist curling tighter.
“You blamed me for stealing it!  You practically threw me under the bus when we were in front of the council!”  I yelled at her.  “You lied to save your own skin!”
“Em, it isn’t worth it.”  Gabe pulled gently on my arm then curled his arm around me.
Pandora’s mischievous twinkling eyes shifted from me to Gabe.  “And how is that bus?  By the looks of things not too bad,” Her voice chuckled.  “If I didn’t give you the amulet then you’d never know about where you came from…you’d been sucked up in that tornado that took your little trailer and your drunkard of a father with it!”
My mouth tightened and I tensed the muscles in my arm wanting nothing more than to smack that ridiculous smile off of Pandora.
“Em, come on,” Gabe pulled on me practically carrying me off and outside.
The night air was cool and the dim lights of Port Blue illuminated in the distance.  Gabe took me to Alice’s garden and sat me on a bench nestled among rose bushes.  Their scent was sweet and to my relief—calming.
“I know you want to pound Pandora into the ground, but we need her right now.  What she did wasn’t right at council, but…she’s right about one thing,” Gabe said running his fingers over mine.  “She brought us together here in Atlantis.”
I looked away knowing he was right, but still feeling used and manipulated by Pandora.  “I know and I wouldn’t change that, but still what she said wasn’t right.  What if the council would’ve sentence me to death?  Then what? Would she confess then?”
“There wasn’t even a chance of that happening.”  Gabe tugged gently at my chin with his extended finger until our eyes met.  “The council would’ve never sentenced you to death and Pandora knew that.” 
“So, what do you want me to do?  Thank her?”  Gabe smiled at my question and then leaned closer to me until our noses touched.
I could feel the heat radiate from him mixing with the cool air of Meropsis and the sweet pungent scent of the roses.  His lips touched mine with a spark.  I closed my eyes running my fingers over his and then up his arm.  
Our kiss deepened until that was all I thought about and all that I wanted.  I could’ve easily run away, throw the amulet to the ocean and never leave Gabe’s side again.  
“Gabe,” said a voice.  “Em,” I couldn’t stop and wished the voice away.
“Emily, stop making out with Gabe and get in the house!”  The voice of Ian shot through my head like an arrow and I immediately pushed away from Gabe.
“Do you have to do that?”  I looked up to find Ian standing in front of us.
“Sorry, didn’t mean to be so loud, but I had to get your attention,” he said.  “Pandora wants to talk to you.”  
“I don’t have anything to say to her.”  I crossed my arms and looked up at my half-brother.  Ian didn’t look anything like me.  His dark hair and icy blue eyes contrasted with my blonde hair and freckles.  We share a father and now Receptor abilities that I didn’t know I had until I came to Atlantis.  
“She doesn’t want to talk to you socially; she needs information about the rocks you used to make the fountain.” I looked at my feet then Gabe feeling like a brat throwing a tantrum.  Pandora was here to help Alicia, not torment me.
“We got them at the vault in Port Blue on some shelf.”
“There’s more than one fountain of youth,” Gabe said standing up.
I gazed up at both of them.  “More than one…”
“The Phoenix made one, but it was the Alfheim that made the first one,” Ian said.
“So what does that mean?”  I asked.
“If its Alfheim made then only an Alfheim can release her.  If its Phoenix made then any of the two can release her.”  Ian’s eyes stayed focused on me.
“How do you tell the difference?” 
“By what color the stones were, the shifting of the light and how the water reacted when she went in,” Pandora said stepping around the rose bush.  She smiled with her perfectly painted lips.  
“How the fountain forms tells who the maker is, and unfortunately, the differences are subtle.  The Phoenix clan is clever at being copycats of the Alfheim.”  Her rounded shoulders bounced as she chuckled.   “And Alicia’s fate,” she said leaning closer. “Weather she lives or dies depends on you.”
Chapter Three
Alicia’s fate…weather she lives or dies depends on my memory of everything that happened in a flash.  I wasn’t taking notes at the time and recalling exact details was especially hard since I was in awe of everything.  I tried to force the images in my head, tracing each movement of not only my own, but Alicia’s as well.
“Did the water turn blue or violet first when Alicia entered?”  Pandora sat across from me with hands folded on the round kitchen table.
I rubbed my forehead and closed my eyes trying to remember. I pictured Zach lying in the sunken hole as water poured in from the ground.  My stomach churned and my mind scrambled trying to see the color of the water that surrounded Alicia and Zach.
 “I don’t remember!”  I spat out.  “I don’t know what color it was first.  They all just blended together.”
“What about the water?  Did it boil or swirl first?”  Pandora moved onto the next question.
I looked at Zach remembering how Alicia laid next to him perfectly like they were two silver spoons fitting together as if meant to be and nothing could separate them.
“Swirl,” I answered without taking my eyes from Zach.
“Are you sure?”  Pandora questioned.
I looked at her.  It was Alicia’s life that hung on my answers.  “Pretty sure…no, I’m not,” I said rubbing my aching forehead in defeat.
Pandora leaned back tapping her fingers on the table.  “We cannot make decisions on uncertain answers.”  
I could feel Gabe come behind me and rub my shoulders gently.  “It’s alright,” he said trying to comfort me.
“No, it isn’t my handsome Blackbird.”  Pandora’s dark eyes darted at him.  “If you want your little Phoenix back then you can’t take risks to get her out.”  She leaned back in the creaky wooden chair and set her eyes on me.  “There is only one way to resolve this.  Get an Alfheim to save her.  It’s the only way now, and the only way to be sure.”
“We can’t do that in time.”  Karinna stepped from behind Abe.
“You’ve got a portal maker son’s and the amulet don’t you?”  Her eyes shifted to Karinna.  “Then you have everything—I don’t even know why you called me.  I’m risking my probation by just being here.”
“Portals aren’t like doors,” Ian said leaning against the wall.  “They’re erratic in how they work.”
“Well,” Pandora looked passively at me.  “The way I see it is you don’t have much time with Alicia or the amulet.”  
My hand went to it immediately.  I now had a strong connection to it.  It had belonged to my mother, but has been silent shortly after I came to Meropsis.  It was a key, a connection not only to my mother, but to Eutopia and to the glass people.
“They are coming,” Pandora stood up with her eyes steady on Abe walked slowly towards him.  “The glass people want the amulet and this world as a prize.  They can feel the magic that radiates from it and given enough time, they’ll eventually be drawn to it.  The Alliance has chosen to ignore the issue and the Dragon clan goes unchecked,” she said right in Abe’s face.  “Too many things are being swept under the rug and pretty soon someone is going to trip over it.”
Abe put his hand to his chin rubbing it while looking at the floor.  He walked away from Pandora pacing the floor.  Pandora clasped her hands together and gazed at Abe.  The room was quiet except for the constant rhythm of the clock ticking each minute away.  
“Thank you Pandora for coming,” Abe finally said with a slight nod of his head.  “Gabe and Ian will take you back to your inn in Port Blue.”
“I hope you do heed my warning.”  Pandora stepped towards him.
“I take everything in to account.”  Abe reassured her in a flat tone.
Pandora gave me quick glance as Ian and Gabe escorted her out the door and into the night.
“The Alliance is having an emergency meeting tomorrow in Port Blue in light of what was taken from the vault.”  Abe turned to me.  “They have no evidence or proof pointing to anyone and they believe it was pirates since they escaped the guard.”  His questioning eyes narrowed.  “I plan on keeping the Alliance thinking that way, but Emily how did you and Alicia escape the guard?  Alicia is cunning and strong, but no one has ever gotten past it.”
I could feel everyone’s eyes on me waiting for a reply.  I was small in size and obviously not a match for the creature.  Also I knew it was David that saved us and everyone already thought he had some hold on me.
“It was David,” I finally said.  “I know you think he has affected me somehow, but it’s true, he saved us.  He severed that thing in half and Alicia, I know she saw him too.”  I turned to Gabe.  “If it wasn’t for him I wouldn’t be here.”
Everyone exchanged uncertain glances.
“He’s trying to overcome it, but the power of the glass people will in the end be stronger.  His humanity will deteriorate.”  Quil who I didn’t know was in the room stepped forward and looked from me to Abe.  
“Who’s guarding him?”  Abe snapped his question.
“Thomas and his father are and I just came in to get something to eat for us.  Alice said she’d have something ready.”  Quil then set his amber eyes on me.
“Here you go,” Alice came out with a tray holding three covered bowls. “They’re hot, so be careful.”  Quil nodded with thanks.
“How much do you know about the glass people?”  Abe asked.  “I’ve questioned Thomas and Caleb extensively, but you, I have not heard from.”
Quil hesitated for a moment, setting his eyes on me.
“The Wall is growing in strength,” Quil said.  His voice entered my mind like a whispered warning.  I hadn’t forgotten about the Wall that the Eutopians were building around their Crystal City in hopes of a perfect world.  Caleb had told me it was my destiny to destroy it and was still on my to-do-list.
“The amulet and the magic in it, attracts them,” Quil said standing like a statue holding the tray of food.  “David has the poison of the glass people rushing through his veins.  It won’t be long before he’s consumed.  He along with the amulet, are like a beacon that will draw them here.  Your Alliance is ignorant of the power the glass people possess.”
Abe turned pacing the floor with his hands clasped behind his back.  “With the amulet and David here it’s inevitable that they will come to Atlantis.  And the Alliance,” Abe stopped and shook his head.  “None of them will listen to me.  They believe they aren’t powerful enough to break through our shield.  Ulric claimed the missing implements are the result of pirate thefts and said David was killed in the line of duty right before you went missing.”  Abe set his gaze on me then back on Quil.  
“Where is he now?”  I asked.  “Where’s Ulric?”
“He confirmed his attendance at tomorrow’s council.”  Abe looked at me.
“But I saw Quil cut his neck—I saw him die.”  Ulric tried to get me to help him contain the magic of the glass people and he needed me to control the amulet.  He also showed me the true form of the Dragon clan.  
“He was in his bloodline’s image and that, Emily, made him next to impossible to kill.  He healed, not right away, and he didn’t die.”  Abe stepped closer to me.  “The Dragon clan comes from a powerful line of Dragons mixed with that of the Alfheim.  It is mostly Dragon permitting longevity of life with the power of the Alfheim.  And if Ulric gains this power of the glass people—no world will be safe.”
I rubbed the amulet between my fingers.  “Emily …they’re coming…find Pandora’s Lock…”   I could hear the voice of my mother.  She had died when I was little and had come from Eutopia and was born within the Wall of the crystal City.
“What did she say?”  Quil asked motioning with his eyes to the amulet.
I looked at him for a moment wanting to keep what my mother’s voice said private.
“What do you mean by that?”  Abe turned to Quil.
Quil’s topaz eyes gazed at Abe.  “The amulet is connected to Emily’s mother, Isadrel.  She was part of a secret organization called an Unseen that made sure nothing was in the way when the Wall expanded in Eutopia, and also, a distant lineage of a royal line long forgotten.  Emily can hear her mother’s voice speaking to her from the amulet.”  Quil gazed back at me.  “What did she say?”
“Find Pandora’s Lock,” I said.
“Pandora’s Lock?”  Abe looked between Quil and me.  “I’ve never heard of it.”
“David has.  He told us it’s here in Meropsis.”  I stepped in front of Abe.  “I know everyone thinks David has some spell over me, but,” I looked over at Caleb, “I think he truly wants to help us and we should at least listen to him especially since he was working with his father.  What he says may be a lie or the truth, but we should at least hear him out.”
Abe let out his breath and raised his eyebrows looking at the floor.  “I know Emily you had relations with David before and to trust or even to listen to David is out of the question.  He could give us false information or lead us to ambush.  I’ve already lost the mansion on Kangee to the Dragon clan.”  His voice trembled.  “The Blackbird clan hangs in the balance and I don’t know if I can sway the Alliance into believing us.”
I stepped closer to Abe looking up into his weathered eyes.  “All I’m suggesting is to listen to him.  When he tried to take me earlier he could’ve taken me anywhere or hurt Gabe and Quil, but he didn’t.”  I searched his eyes.  “He mentioned Pandora’s Lock before and I know he hates his father for abandoning him and doing what he did.  And that’s all the more reason for him to help his father’s enemies.”  
Abe lifted his eyes away from me and towards the door at Quil. He took a deep breath then glanced back down at me.  “You do have a point.  Have Thomas and James bring David in here,” he said to Quil.  “I want to question him.”
Sitting in the living room was me, Gabe and Abe.  Everyone else had gone to another room as Abe requested.
“You are going to be leader of the Blackbirds one day Gabe and it’s my duty to prepare you for it.  All I can say now is that I hope our clan will stay intact during this trying time.”  Abe sat across from us with hands folded in front of him.  “And Emily,” he said focusing his dark eyes on me.  “You are part of this world too, even though you are from Eutopia you have ties here now and I truly hope you think this as your home now.”
I nodded as his words pinged inside of me.  A home with Gabe and possibilities of a better life than in St. F, I was over joyed even though things hung in the balance.
“I want nothing more than to see the Blackbird clan grow and become its former self—stronger than any of the other clans.”
“The Alfheim are gaining strength.  Don’t you think we should call them on it?”  Gabe asked as Abe shook his head.  “I know they control most of the Alliance, but the rules state that they would never exceed that.”
“Rules change especially here and after what has happened, gives them that power and Alfheim don’t like to be called on things.  They are not formal people that way.  They like to handle things of that matter in more of a social setting.”  Abe smiled slightly.  “You’ve got lot to learn, especially how to handle the Alfheim, and I hope I’ve got the time to teach you what you need to survive.”
Just then, the door opened with a rush of the cool night air.  David, looking more human, was cushioned between Jimmy and Thomas.  He was calm and kept his dark eyes on me.  To my surprise he had both eyes that were nearly black.  When David had kidnapped me, I stabbed him in the eye trying to get away.  Now he had his eye back as though it was never gone.
  Abe stood up and pointed at a metal chair that looked like it was made out of silver vines.  It wasn’t there before. Abe had Zach bring it in from where I didn’t know.
“Please have a seat,” Abe said casually motioning towards the chair.
David looked at the chair first then back at Abe.  “The vines of Flora chair,” he said in a questioning tone.  “How did you get such a prize?”  His hands were bound but still ran fingers over the liquid-like metal vines.
“It’s on loan and as far as that, none of your business.  Now sit,” Abe said firmly.
He sat as Jimmy and Thomas left like two shadows following one another.  
“I see you’ve gained your other eye.”  Abe sat and turned towards David.  “Is that some rejuvenation power you have now?”
David smirked then set his eyes on me.  “I really don’t know.  It’s something to do with the poison of the glass people.”  His voice was smug and demeanor arrogant.  He wasn’t the David that begged me to help him, the one that struggled to stay human and wanted to help.  Maybe he did have a spell on me.
“I could rip both of you to shreds right now, if I wanted.”  He looked between Abe and Gabe smiling.  “But, I won’t because I want something just like you want something.”
“There is no something for you,” Abe said.  “There is only you helping us.  Your father has abandoned you and you’ve got no one else.”
David looked to Gabe.  “What about you?  What about the oath we agreed on?”  His eyes were steady on him.
“You broke that oath and went against the Alliance and tried to murder a member of the Blackbirds,” Gabe said coldly.  “That oath has been dissolved.”  
David set his jaw, gazed between us and then curled his face into a snarl.  His skin slightly paled and fire burned in his eyes as he stood and pulled at his restraints.  He jerked his arms and looked down at his bound wrist with shock.  His eyes lifted to Abe.
“What…”  His voice trailed off as he sunk to his knees and hunched over.
“Still think you can rip us to shreds?”  Abe asked standing over him.
David whimpered staring down at his hands not strong enough to break the ties.  Abe gazed down at him with a mix of pity and repulsion.  
“What did you do to me?” he yelled looking back up at Abe with silver tears rolling from his eyes.
“You say you don’t want to be like the glass people.  So I’m keeping you from turning into them—a little something from Pandora.”  Abe kept his eyes on David.
The corner of David’s lip curled upward and a low rumble vibrated from his throat.  “She’s a witch!”
“And a very good one,” Abe concluded.
“You need me to stop the glass people.”  Silver flames flickered behind his dark eyes.  “I’m like a magnet to them and they will come and they will see me as their ruler.”  He then chuckled gazing at Abe.
“Fine, they’ll come and we’ll greet them when they do.”  Abe’s voice was unmoving and filled with confidence.  “Go get Thomas and James and take this piece of rubbish back outside.”  Abe turned to Gabe.
David let out a growl and then pounced towards Abe his hands like claws still bound.  But before he could reach him, a long silver whip curled around his neck making David’s flesh burn.  He was pulled back into the chair silver vines growing from it grasping like long fingers that held him down.  
David tried to resist it and then with his eyes now dark, looked at me.  “Emily, make them believe me!” he pleaded.  “It isn’t me!  It isn’t me!”  He lowered his head and wept.
I sat mortified at everything.  David came in here full of evil confidence and turned into a sobering mess.  
“Emily, look at me!”  He begged.
“She doesn’t have to look at you monster!”  Gabe got up and into David’s face.
I looked up at Gabe.  His body was tense and his stormy eyes swirled with anger peering down at David.  His hands clenched shut and I could see the thick veins protrude from under his skin.  For that one moment, I think Gabe could’ve easily killed David.
“Go and get James, Gabe.”  Abe stepped beside him.  “Now,” his voice was firm.
Gabe glared down at David in an icy stare and David returned the stare before lowering his head.
Abe motioned for Gabe to leave to get Jimmy and then with crossed arms looked down at me.
“You see now Emily,” he said raising his eyebrows.
I let my eyes meet Abe’s then glanced to David.  He barely lifted his head.  David did have a hold on me, but something still remained in him that was human and untouched by the glass people’s poison.  I know I appeared taken for a fool by David, but I wasn’t totally convinced myself.  
Jimmy and Thomas took David as the vines uncurled and his body fell limp.  They dragged him out the door and into the darkness.
Abe watched them leave and when the door shut he turned to Gabe.
“Don’t let me see you lose your temper again!” Abe’s eyes flashed at Gabe.  “Even if you have personal stakes involved, you must remain focused.  If you let your enemies see your weaknesses,” he pointed towards me, “then it will be an easy battle for them.”
“David needs to be put in his place,” Gabe said calmly.  “We should just kill him.”
“No,” I said thinking my thoughts aloud.
Both of them looked at me.
“Em…”  Gabe’s tender voice barely whispered.
“No,” I stood up.  “I know you think he has some poison hold on me, but he doesn’t.  I see him struggle and I know the way he acted tonight didn’t support anything I’ve said, but I know something still remains in him—something still human.  And there’s only a small piece left that he clings to.”
“Even if there is, there’s no reasoning with him.  He’s too far gone and a liability to the Blackbirds.”  Abe gave me a sympathetic look as I turned away running my fingers through my tangled hair.
Suddenly the door opened and Gabe like a flash pulled his dagger from his belt ready to throw.
“Abe!”  Karinna’s voice was frantic.  “Come quick, its Alicia.”  She could hardly contain her tears.
Gabe shoved his blade into his belt as Abe quickly joined Karinna into the blackness of outside.
I could see the gold light illuminate the rolling mist that hung close to the ground.  The air was thick with moisture and covered my bare arms.  Gabe ran beside me as Karinna and Abe stood gazing down at Alicia horrified.
“She doesn’t have much time.”  Karinna knelt beside the pool of water.  “It’s already turning.  Our window of opportunity is closing. We need to find an Alfheim to help us.”  Karinna didn’t take her eyes from the pool.
Alicia looked like she was sleeping in a pool of gold flecks.  Her skin glittered and dark hair fanned around like it had been arranged that way.  
“We need to make a portal—it’s the only way,” Abe said joining Karinna.  Both gazed down at her like they were mourning over Alicia.
A growl followed thundering footsteps came from behind us.  I turned to see a silver figure break over the crest of the hill.  Mist followed him as he came closer.  I didn’t have to see his face to know it was David and he’d escaped.
Gabe pushed me behind him and drew his dagger throwing it like lightning at David.  It struck him in the stomach and he stopped, bent over and then pulled it out.  David came even faster towards us.
 “Em…”  Gabe said as suddenly David vanished into thin air.  It was like the darkness had swallowed him whole.
Everything was quiet as we stood in silent horror looking in all directions.
“Where’d he go?”  I asked no sooner as an icy hand wrapped around my mouth and my head twisted until it snapped.
“Emily!”  I could hear Gabe yell as I tried to call out to him.
My body became numb and useless.  Blurred visions of Gabe rolling on the ground then looking down at me came and went, but the only constant thing I could hear was David pleading for my help.
Chapter Four
 “He’ll turn you into something like me.”  David’s echoing voice burrowed in my ears and his face filled my blurred vision.  “I need you Emily…”  I couldn’t keep my eyes open no matter how hard I tried.  A sudden flash burst through my eyelids followed by the rushing force of a strong wind.  As much as I wanted to scream out and see what was going on, my body simply gave out and the flashes of light faded to blackness. 
  
The next thing I felt was the bitterness of a cold wind.  I looked down to see glittering snow everywhere.  It shone like tiny diamonds twinkling back at me.  The air was crisp and hurt my lungs to breathe. 
“David,” I said as his shoulder dug into my stomach. 
He didn’t answer, but I could hear his raspy breaths and feel his talon tipped fingers dig into my thighs.  
“Put me down!” I demanded.  “I trusted you, David.  I told them to give you a chance and this is how you take that chance?”  Silence surrounded us except for the noises coming from David which were gasps of air and growling.  “I said put me down!”  I should be afraid of him, but I wasn’t.
Suddenly he stopped and let out loud cry.  He then grabbed hold of my waist and threw me to the ground.  The fluffy snow broke my fall nearly swallowing me whole.  Tiny flakes got caught in my hair and coated my face.
“Do you think this is how I wanted things to go?  I want help, but…I can’t stop what’s happening!  Please tell me you understand.”  I looked up at him with the snow biting me with its iciness.  “The Blackbirds will never understand and time’s running out.  I’m changing, I’m changing too fast and I can’t stop it.  I’m growing weaker, Emily.”  He sunk to the snow covered ground beside me.  “I’m getting weaker and it’s getting easier to give into the poison.”
We sat in silence as I looked at the white landscape with distant mountains surrounding us like a picture frame.
“I want to help you, but you can’t keep running away.”
“I’m not running away,” David said plainly looking at his now human hands.  “I’m seeking the help of the High Alfheim.  I went through an old portal to get here. If anything can be done, they can do it.”
The Alfheim are also the only ones that can help Alicia.  I pushed myself up with snow coated numb hands and looked at David.
“They can also help Alicia,” I said more to myself.
“They can help her too,” David looked at me with dark eyes and smiled.
“Em!”  Ian’s voice rung in my head like a bell, “Where are you? I…I can feel you.”  His voice was like a pickax chipping at my head with each word.  I tried to hide the discomfort of Ian’s message.
“Emily, are you ok?”  David’s voice was filled with an unfamiliar tone of concern.  “Oh, I didn’t think.  You’re probably frozen.  I don’t feel temperature like I used to.  The Alfheim are in a valley not far from here.”  
I was shivering not only from the cold, but from David.  He was unstable, shifting from human to beast and I still wanted to help him, but I had to help myself first.
“I’m with David!”  I yelled internally.  “On a mountain top...lots of snow…I’m ok…hurry Ian!”  
It took a lot of energy to send a message, more than before.  I’m not sure if it was because of the cold or exhaustion, but I could feel myself becoming weak and being with David only added the element of fear.  
“Can’t find you Em.  Give a better location…any landmarks because it’s a lot of mountain.”  Ian’s voice broke in again as David lifted me and carried me through the glittering snow.  I knew they’d be in a plane and I listen for the tiniest sound of its engine.
I tried to collect my thought to send a message, but my head was scrambled.
“Em!  Answer me!”  Ian demanded.
Instead of sending a message, I screamed.  I couldn’t think anymore.  The cold and when David would change again was all that I could think about.  I tried to summon the strength I had felt when I was in Eutopia, the kind that enabled me to fight and even kill a glass person.  I could still see her hollow eyes looking down at me as I threw her towards the ceiling where she was impaled by a spike that hung from the thirtieth floor of Ulric’s hideout.  I searched for that strength, because if David started to change, words may not be enough of a weapon. 
David tightened his hold on me and picked up the pace.  I didn’t say a word only listened to his even breaths that sounded human, not mixed with growls and grunts. Flashes of snow, jagged black mountains filled my eyesight.  I could still hear Ian’s voice in my head and it sounded like static on a radio.  I didn’t try to send or make out messages.  My vision was starting to go black and my ears muffled.  Sending a message would take too much, so all I could do was hope Ian saw us.
I let myself close my eyes trying to maintain what I had and letting Ian’s frantic voice fade.

“Emily!”  Ian yelled and my eyes popped open.  “Where are you…running out of fuel.”
“Going…High Alfheim…Ian…”  I finally managed to say.
“High Alfheim?”  Ian was quick to question.  “Em, I don’t know where that is.  Tell me something about your surroundings.”
I was becoming agitated at Ian and with myself.  How was I supposed to give him a good location in a monotone snow scape?  I looked upward and noticed there were thousands of spiked icicles all pointed downward like daggers.  Blue and violet hues washed the walls like watercolor.  Rushes of warm air moaned through the cavern mixing with the coolness creating a mist.  
“I’m in a cave with icicles…the air is warm…”  I closed my eyes and hoped Ian heard me.
“You’re in the valley!  Hold on Emily, we’re coming!”  I let myself relax glad that Ian finally had an idea where I was at.
The snow faded slowly giving way to a rich greenness of the valley.  It was a pocket of life among the barren mountains that enclosed the pristine land.
David put me down and I walked beside him as we approached two men fishing beside a river of clear water.   
“These are the High Alfheim, they’ll greet us with hospitality.”  He whispered in my ear.  “Greetings!”  He yelled.
David walked a little closer to the two men with long black hair with clothes to match.  Beside them was an oval wicker basket, they looked from it to us.  Setting their poles down, they exchanged glances.
David walked briskly up to them, leaving me behind watching them.  Something didn’t feel right.
“I come…”  Suddenly one of them took his pole and swung it around like a whip at David.
He yelled as it wrapped around him like a silver thread embedding the hook into his cheek.  David fell to his knees and let out an angered growl.  He was changing.
Adrenaline burst into every cell as my mother’s voice echoed faintly in my head.  “Poachers! Run!”  I could feel the strength I tried to summon before fill me.
The two men pushed David to the ground and started to tie him up as David struggled to fight them off and resist the change that was coming too quickly.  I could see his skin pale and his hair fill with flecks of silver. 
“What is this?”  One of the men said.  “What beast is this?”
“He’s no beast!”  I charged towards them only to find myself on the ground with my feet unable to move.  
A thin leather rope had been curled around them.  Confused, I fumbled with my trembling fingers to undo it just as something large flew over my head landing with a thud and barely clearing me.
Several horses encircled the two men who immediately stopped tying up David and tried to use their pole-whips on the men on horseback.  With their faces and heads covered, one of the men threw something towards the fishermen.  It was a tiny rope that curled around their ankles like a snake.  They fell to the ground with their flesh smoking and screaming as they tried to rip at the bonds.
“I suggest you stop right now!”  One of the men got off their horse with a pointed, black stick in front of him.  “You are fishing in a prohibited area and with no proper authority either.”  He stood in front of the two men on the ground.
“Trying to feed the family,” one of them said.  
“You have no family, poacher.”  He placed his stick under the man’s chin.  “We’ll take them and these two.”  He pointed between me and David.
“No,” I said removing the rope getting up.  “My name is Emily and we are seeking the High Alfheim.  This is David, he’s with me and he is sick.”  I tried to catch my breath.  The man stepped towards me.  All I could see was his black eyes squinting with curiosity.  It was the only thing that was visible as his entire body was covered in grey clothing.
He gazed down at me with his breath puffing out in a white cloud from under his handkerchief.  On his head was a turban with a small, silver, pin in the shape of a crescent moon.  
I wasn’t sure what he was going to do as we stood in silence.
“You seek the High Alfheim?”  He questioned.
I nodded.  “Yes,” I said with my knees wobbling and everyone’s eyes on me.
“Well, you’ve found them.”  His voice sounded amused as I fell to the ground with the others joining his laughter.
The first thing I noticed was the warmth that brushed across my face and the mumbling of voices.  I still felt weak and pushed myself to my elbows.
“Hey Em,” Gabe said leaning towards me.
“Oh, you made it.”  I wrapped my arms around him.
“Did you have any doubt that I wouldn’t?”  He squeezed me tight then cradled my face in his hands.
I gazed into his grey eyes that had tiny flecks of blue that were hard to see unless in the right light and given enough time to find and savor the colors.  I could easily get lost in them, letting everything go.  How I would like at this moment to walk away from the amulet, Eutopia and the Alliance.  I wanted to be with Gabe and unfortunately, if I wanted to be with him I had other problems to solve first.
“You’re up, that’s good,” said a man dressed in a dark grey tunic leaning crossed armed against the arched doorway.  He smiled crookedly with his curly black hair framing his olive colored skin.  “The Empress waits for you.”  He motioned away from him to the room beyond.
“Where are we Gabe?’  I asked only after the man left.  “I know we’re in the valley, but what is this place?”
“It’s the palace of the High Alfheim and one of the most sacred places in Atlantis.  It’s the birthplace of the Alliance and where the original laws were created.  And now we get to speak to one of the first Atlantians.”  Gabe smiled as I stood up.
“One of the first?”  I questioned.
“Yeah, she’s one of the last remaining and even though age hasn’t destroyed her beauty, she’s hundreds of years old.”  Gabe didn’t seem even fathomed by the idea of someone being that old.
“What do I say to her?”  I looked into the dim lit room past Gabe.  I don’t know why, but I felt nervous.
“Em, it’ll be ok.”  He took my hand and curled his fingers around mine like a brace that held me up.
The palace wasn’t what I would automatically think a palace to be.  It wasn’t richly decorated with ornate furniture, tapestries or jewels and gold.  It had high ceilings that were dome shaped and tiled floors of smooth grey rocks.  The walls were plaster and smooth with the occasional painted mural of lined designs in thick black ink and nearly as tall as me in size.   Floating orbs bobbed over our heads emitting soft light that made streams of moving light throughout the room.
“Welcome, Emily.  It’s nice to finally see you in the flesh,” said a voice from the darkness.  “I’m the Empress of the High Alfheim and you and your kind our welcome here.” 
From the shadows emerged a tall figure.  As if on cue, several of the lighted orbs swarmed over her head revealing her ageless beauty.  She smiled and glided from the raised platform towards me with the orbs following.
Her pale skin flickered with silver and intertwined in her long hair of many shades were tiny vines, some with leaves and some with small flowers of various blooming stages.  Her eyes were blue and reminded me of the perfect summer’s day.
“Your journey has been long and the amulet has traveled far.”  Her voice echoed in the room I couldn’t tell how big it was.
“You know about the amulet and me?”  I asked.
Her smile widened.  “I’ve heard about your whole life, Emily Moore and I’ve waited for this day to come.”  She motioned beside her.
From a bare spot among the paved floor sprung thin, twisted vines that curled around each other until a chair was constructed.  The Empress looked back at me then smiled.  “Please have a seat and you as well Gabe.”
Three chairs that came from the ground of twisted vines sat in a circle facing one another.
“Even after all these years, I hate formality.  Things go better when everything is at ease.”  She clapped her hands and from the darkness, three clear gasses were handed to each of us by thin vines that came out of nowhere.  “Water from the Eldon’s Spring, it’s the purist there is.”  She kept her eyes on me as she took a sip, and suddenly, one of the flowers that looked wilted in her hair, came back to a full bloom.  “Much better,” she said holding the glass out until a vine curled around it and took it away.
I sat holding my glass as Gabe nudged me to drink.  The water was cool and sweet leaving a tingling sensation on my tongue.
“I will get to the point this time as time is running short and the glass people are slowly, but steadily pushing at our shields.  The Alliance I know feels this is no threat, but they don’t know magic and power like I do.  Unfortunately I’m no longer advisor to the Alliance and though they will listen, they think of me as simply a symbol of things past, a relic,” her voice rose and sounded slightly annoyed, “like an antique that’s pretty to look at and remember fond memories gone by.”  She sat back into her chair as more vines twirled through her hair.  “You see I’m only here for so long,” she shifted her gaze to Gabe.  “You know this through fabled stories, don’t you Gabe?”
Gabe nodded.  “Yes through stories told when I was little.”  
“All the children were told stories.  I’ve heard them myself and find it hard to believe that our history has transformed into entertainment that amuses those who listen. The words were warnings to be heeded.”  The vines slowed in their curling and the Empress turned her cool eyes back to Gabe.  “And one of those fables was no fable—was it?”  
Gabe drew in a deep breath.  “No, it wasn’t a story, but came true.”  I could see his eyes shift with colors.  
“Your mother was killed by an Etal, a creature of the rocks on Ring Island where you grew up.  You lost,” she looked away and up at the ceiling as if something caught her attention.  “Yes, your dog.  You lost your dog and cried for him and when your mother didn’t return as well…” her words trailed off and she gazed at Gabe with curiosity.  “This troubles you—losing your mother troubles you?” 
“Yes, your Empress, it does.”  Gabe stated flatly looking uncomfortable.
“Hmm, I am sorry to offend you and bring sorrow.  Sometimes my distant ears only tell me things they see and feelings are unknown to us.  We simply don’t understand people and these invisible emotions that inflict you like insects do us.”  Her eyes then shifted back to me.
“I’m old and yet young and forever changing as with the season, but that may come to an end Emily Moore.”  Colorful flowers suddenly popped open throughout the Empress’s hair until it was nearly overtaken by vines, flowers and twigs.  “The amulet is what they want and the poisoned boy draws them here.  He cannot be here and we have no means to help him.  I’m sorry for this, but all hope is not lost to those who keep looking.”  She smiled as a slender vine curled beside her cheek and blossomed with tiny violet flowers.  “My time is growing short and I know that the amulet and the poison boy aren’t the only reasons you seek me.  A girl, a Phoenix girl, but only part Phoenix is caught in the fountain of youth.  Her mother weeps and can’t get her out.  You seek an Alfheim to get her out, but you already have one.  She’s a misfit one though, but her blood runs with the power of the Alfheim.”  The vines became denser around her.  “I’m sorry, but I must go, the seasons are changing and I must change, sleep to survive.  I couldn’t solve your woes, but I’ve led you in a direction.  It is up to you Eutopian girl and to listen to the amulet, it’ll guide you like a mother plant.”
Twirling upward, the vines made a massive canopy of leaves that glowed in a golden light.  The chair the Empress had sat in was now a tree trunk of the same twisted vines.
“Sorry you couldn’t get any more information out of her,” said a voice coming from the darkness.  “She’s honest and true and would never mislead because she sees all.  But I don’t think we could’ve solved your problem anyhow.”  The man that came to get Gabe and me earlier stood under the tree and gazed up at it.  “Who knows how long her sleeping season will last.” He then looked back at us.  “Come, don’t be despaired.  All hope isn’t gone yet.”
I looked at Gabe and laced my fingers through his.  His eyes were casted over and his skin pale.  I wanted to ask him about his mother and his family before he joined the Blackbirds that I never thought to ask about before.  I never knew he’d suffered like that, but I also knew what it was like to miss your parents, especially ones you never knew.
Gabe, as always, smiled back and wrapped his finger through mine.
“By the way, my name is Liam and I’m head commander of the High Alfheim.  Please follow me the rest of your company is waiting in the water gardens.”
The light outside was filtered through massive trees lining a tiny stream that trickled beside the stone pathway.  Instead of rocks or soil covering the bottom of the stream, intertwining roots cupped the water that looked almost like one big braid of brown hair.  The water was clear and sparkled back showing our partial reflections as we walked by.
“And here we are,” Liam said as the cluster of trees ended like a curtain to the openness of several round pools of water all connected by slender pathways.  Tiny fish swarmed under the surface of the water and flocked to the edge as we walked by.  Liam stopped, reached into his pocket and threw out what looked like tiny pellets.
“These are merfish, a rarity to this area, but we’ve managed to keep them alive in our pools.”  He pulled out some more pellets and threw them in.  “They are the father of the Mers.”  
There were more fish than water along the edge and their metallic scales of greens, blues and yellows glinted in the warm sunshine.
“Hungry little devils,” Liam said looking down at them brushing his hands off.   
“Emily!”  I could hear Claire’s voice.
In the center, and sitting on the largest of the circle islands in the water garden, I could see Claire, Ian and David with two of the covered men standing behind them.  They sat under a large tree with creamy bark and greenish blue, needle-like leaves.
“She’s been asking for you.  Persistent little Alfheim.”  Liam shook his head.  
Claire had told me she was Alfheim when I first came to Atlantis.  Only, she’d been considered inferior because of her petite size and appearance.  Abe knew her parents, took her in when there was an uprising with the Alfheim when she was a tiny baby.  I thought Claire was a pretty girl all red hair and rosy cheeks, just like a porcelain doll.
The dotted islands of various sizes made floating stepping stones through the clear water filled with what appeared to be thousands of the merfish. 
I looked back at Gabe who looked down at his feet as we stepped onto the island.  I wanted to pull him aside and talk to him.  Our eyes met and I could see a wound once healed; now oozing.  He covered it up with a smile.
Claire hugged me and I was nearly smothered in her long curly hair.  Liam stood in front of the other two men and gazed towards the base of the tree.  Sitting in the flickering shadows was David.  He lazily looked up at me with glazed over eyes.
“We gave him milk from the red poppy.  It slows the poison—at least long enough for us to talk.  Please, have a seat.”  Liam motioned for us to sit in the low chairs that nearly sat on the cushioned grass.
“They believe me, Emily.”  David leaned forward as Gabe, who sat between David and I, stiffened and glared at him.  “I know you hate me and I don’t blame you.”  He pointed a wobbly finger at Gabe and smiled.  “But they believe in Pandora’s Lock.”
“It’s true,” Liam said.  “Pandora’s Lock is what you seek as it’s the only place the glass people can be contained once in this world.  What David of the Dragon clan says is correct and you’ve got the amulet, the beacon,” Liam motioned towards David who smiled at me and made a clicking sound from his mouth.  “You have everything to end the threat of the glass people.  They are the destroyers, the consumers of worlds.  They eat the light, the energy it possesses until it’s gone.  That is how they live, how they survive.”
“Pandora’s Lock is in Meropsis, at least that’s what David said,” Ian said looming in the background.  
“Yes, at one time, but now it’s gone, to pirates.”  Liam let out his breath.  “That’s what the vines tell us.”  He then looked up at the tree and gently ran his fingers through some of the needles.
“But what pirates?  What sea?”  Gabe asked.
“The last we heard they were headed north in the Sanudra Ocean and we believe the box was taken by The Black Ghost and his crew.” Liam stood looking down at Gabe.  “After that the vines lost track and the Mers have been watching the ships.  It was like it vanished into the air.”
“Who’s The Black Ghost?”  I asked.
Liam turned his head to me.  “He was once part of the Blackbird clan, but the lure of the magic was too strong for the oath he took with the Alliance.  He left the Blackbirds right after several magical implements went missing, one of them being the fan of change made by a wizard and given to his deformed daughter so that she’d be beautiful.  When the daughter died, the wizard gave the fan to the Alliance for safe keeping.  The Black Ghost is just that, a ghost that can materialize from out of the shadows or even in a brightly lit room.”
“So we have to chase down this,” I shook my head, “invisible pirate and get the box from him.”
“Yes, and before he connects with the glass people as well, Ulric isn’t the only one who wants their power.  They believe the glass people have pure power that’s untouched, but no one can control it.”  Liam’s dark eyes were steady.  “You have the amulet and it is like the carrot that dangles in front of the horse.  It will draw them here and is doing so right now.”
“But how are we going to find The Black Ghost?”  Gabe asked.  “We don’t even have a ship and our plane is damaged and out of fuel.”
Liam smiled at Gabe.  “You worry too much, especially being with the High and forgotten Alfheim.  We’ve got connections.  The Mer have ships that sail faster than any other.  You can easily navigate through anything with them and I might say it’s an honor to travel with them.
“But we’re in the northern lands.  It will be a week minimum of horseback to the coast.”  Ian rubbed his forehead.
Liam smiled at Ian.  “We do have portals.  They might be ancient ones, but they still work.”
“I thought certain portals were restricted,” Gabe said.
Liam turned his attention to Gabe.  “That’s right, certain portals.  Our portals can never be restricted.” 
“That’s how I got here.”  David looked at me leaning against the tree.  “I brought you here Emily…I brought you here to be safe…so they could help me.”
David blinked his eyes at me and each time they grew heavier until he fell asleep.  Everyone watched him with uneasy eyes.
“Times running out,” Liam said.  “You best leave here, tonight.”
“I don’t know if I can do anything.  Why did the Empress say I could help Alicia?  She knew I’m not like a true Alfheim.”  Claire paced around the tree that was once the Empress.  “I don’t see how I can, especially since I haven’t a clue on how to get her out of the fountain of youth.”  
I watched her walk around the tree looking up at the green, heart shaped leaves.  The tree was as beautiful as the Empress.  Tiny, white, veins spider webbed through the glowing leaves and I couldn’t help but to stare at it too.
“I can’t do it.”  Claire turned to me.  “What if I end up hurting her or what if something goes wrong and I end up killing Alicia?  I don’t even know how to get her out.”  She threw her arms up in the air.
“We’ll find a way, Claire.  There has to be something because if we do nothing then we’ll never get her out.”  She shrugged her shoulders and folded her arms.  “When I first came to Atlantis I was scared to death.  I didn’t know what was happening to me or where I’d end up.  But, I knew one thing.  I wasn’t going to give up.”
Claire looked at me with her large doe eyes and half smiled.  “Now I feel like a clod of dirt.  Here you are a foreigner in a world you never knew existed with Receptor abilities and the fate of many worlds hangs around your neck.”  She pointed towards the amulet.
“Claire…I didn’t mean to make you feel that way.”  She held her hand up and shook her head.
“No, I don’t mean to say it that way.  What I’m saying is—you’re right.  Only my situation is different than yours.  I love Alicia like a sister and I don’t want to hurt her accidently.”  She twirled her long hair around her finger.  “I’m going to find a way, but Emily I really don’t think I’m strong enough.”
“Claire…”  I started to say when a tiny leaf floated gracefully between us.
She caught it in the palm of her hand as we both looked at it and up at the quivering tree until it came to a stop.
“Strength is found, not born.”  Claire read aloud the glowing words that burned gold on the leaf before it faded and the leaf curled crumbling into powder.
“A message from the Empress, very rare indeed,” Liam said standing in the archway leading outside.  “Remember those words always because personal messages from her are special and…true to their words.”  He walked towards Claire smiling down at her.  “Here, keep her message in this.”  He pulled out a small leather pouch and put the bits of the leaf inside.  “Everything that comes from the Empress is powerful and can be used when needed.”
Claire looked at the pouch with uncertainly.  “But how will I know when I need it or even how to use it?”
“When the time comes, you’ll know.”  Liam took Claire’s hand folding it over her pouch.  “The Empress saw a light in you that you can’t see through the darkness of your own doubts.  And I can see it too.”
Claire squeezed the pouch then smiled looking up at Liam.
“Come, your time here is gone and your adventure is ahead of you.”  He motioned towards the doorway.
Outside was a haze of purple, blue and orange glow.  The sun was fading and night crept through land.  
“Do you think it wise to travel at night?”  Ian questioned Liam.
“Night is the best cover and you’ll have the protection of the High Alfheim to guide you to the portal that will take you to Crestrock, the most southern city of Alfheim.  The portal isn’t that far away—our lands are secure.”

We rode on horseback through the openness of the valley.  Liam, with David lead the way, Claire and Ian rode together behind him and then it was me and Gabe followed by an Alfheim soldier.  I sat behind Gabe feeling his strong muscles under my arms.  I squeezed Gabe tighter and rested my cheek on his back.  I wanted to ask him about his mother and where he came from, but knew now wasn’t the time.  Instead I held him tighter.
“Em, we’re going slow enough.  You’re not going to fall off,” Gabe whispered back to me.  “I can hardly breathe.”
“Sorry,” I said loosening my arms.  “I was hugging you and trying to hold on at the same time.”
“Well, I like it when you hold me and hug me, but not at the same time.  It gets a little too tight.” He chuckled.
“I just don’t want to see you hurt, that’s all.”
Gabe didn’t answer right away and I hoped that maybe he’d open up.
“Physically or emotionally?” he asked.
“What?”
“You don’t want to see me hurt physically or emotionally?”
“Well,” I said not expecting him to ask that.  “Both, but what the Empress said…”
“I know what she said and I know you’re concerned, but some things need to be in the past, Em.”
“So you’re not going to talk about it?”
“The portal is up here and you should be able to get David through with no problem.  I’m sending you extra poppy milk to quiet him until you find The Black Ghost and Pandora’s Lock.”  Liam rode up beside us with David hunched over slightly in front of him.
“You can’t come with us?”  I asked.
“No, we are never to leave the valley.  The High Alfheim protects the Empress and to leave, any of us, would leave her unprotected.”
Gabe helped me down and gave the reigns to the other Alfheim soldier and then took David with the help of Ian.
“How are we going to manage him and Emily and Claire through the portal, let alone finding The Black Ghost.”  Ian asked wrapping David’s arm around his neck.
“I can handle David,” I said stepping in front of him.  “Claire and I aren’t luggage that has to be carried.”
“But you have no training.  You can’t fight, Em.”  Ian looked at me and then Claire.  “I still think an exception should be made and we should at least have the company of one Alfheim soldier.”
“They can’t leave the valley and…we can handle ourselves.”  Claire poked her finger at Ian.
“Yes, you have training, but,” Ian said in a long tired sigh.  
“But what?”  Claire snapped.
Ian tightened his mouth.
“She’s stronger than she looks, Ian.”  I stepped forward with raised eyebrows.  “Just like me.”
Ian looked back at Claire.  “I might not be able to cover your back all the time.  That’s all I’m saying.”
“You have the wisdom of the Empress and her blessings.  That is more than most travelers could even hope for.”  Liam gazed up at the stone arch that hummed with electricity.  “There are very few of these portals left and they lead to many places.  At one time when the worlds were at peace and the threat of the glass people was nothing more than a fable, we would travel to Eutopia, Avalon and even Earth.  We were connected and worked together.  Now, fear has separated us and all I can hope for is one day that we might travel in the old ways again.”  Liam stepped back with the other soldier and smiled.  “This portal will take you straight to Crestrock.  There you can ask for a man named Zim, he’ll help you.  Tell him that I sent you.”
“Thank you,” Gabe said with a nod before facing the portal.
Gabe and Ian with David sandwiched between them, went first followed by Claire and I.  I looked back at Liam standing and watching us go.  He bowed slightly before the light and the humming filled my senses.
I could feel Claire pull on my hand guiding me through the blizzard of light and wind.  That all stopped suddenly and I found myself standing in a courtyard with stout, swarthy looking men with swords pointed towards us.  The sound of the ocean could be heard in the distance.  We were in Crestrock.
“State your business!”  One of them yelled.
“We came from the valley, the High Alfheim sent us to find a man named Zim.”  Gabe said looking at the man.
“If you used the portal, you must be in a hurry.”
“We are short on time and the Alfheim said that the man Zim will help us on our way.”  Gabe stood in front of me.
“You’re not Alfheim then,” he looked at all of us.  “Well,” he chuckled, “you’re going to have to yell pretty loud for Zim to hear you.  He’s dead.”  His chuckle deepened with amusement.  “The Alfheim don’t talk to us much, so they are not up on things outside the valley. They’re kinda like a spider, recluse and secretive.  Not every message gets sent through the vines.”  He lowered his sword and motioned for his men to do the same.  “How ‘bout, the gracious host I am, I take you to his wife.”  His eyes twinkled and a few of the men snickered.  “She likes to take in guests.  Follow me.”  
Winding through the maze of grey stone buildings with windows high above our heads, we followed the man through well-lit passageways until all of that faded.  
“I don’t like this, Em.”  Claire looked over her head.  “Something doesn’t feel right.”
I didn’t answer and could see Gabe and Ian exchanged hushed words.  It didn’t feel right and I was wondering if the Alfheim were right or maybe they’d tricked us.  
The passage grew steadily grungier and darker the more turns we took through the buildings that resembled more of a labyrinth than anything else.  Slime covered the walls and lumps of different sizes littered the edges.  Some moaned as we walked by, but most lay silent.  Claire and I were practically glued together walking side by side. With the moon as our only light, I tried my best to follow Gabe and Ian’s shadow.
“We need to turn around this has got to be a trap.”  Claire whispered in my ear.
“Do you have a weapon?”  I asked as she nodded.  “Good, because I think we’ll need it.”
Suddenly from out of the darkness a hand grasped onto my forearm, nearly bringing me to my knees.
“Princess…don’t go to the witch!”  His voice was harsh and strained.  “Don’t…”
“Off with you!”  The man guiding us stepped back, pushed me out of the way and started beating the shadowed man with a short stick.  I shuddered as the final blow made a cracking sound and he fell to a black lump on the ground.  “Beggars should be exterminated like bugs anyhow, filthy creature.”  He looked back at us putting away his stick and motioning for us to come.
“Witch—what did he mean by witch?”  Ian asked.
“He’s a stupid beggar.  They’re either drunk or stupid or both.  That’s why they line the streets.  Come, because I don’t feel like beating anymore of them, I’m getting a headache.”
I looked at Gabe.  “I don’t like this.  I think we should turn around.”
“I’d like to too, but where would we go?  We can’t outrun them.  We’ll get away when we can.”
“I think the Alfheim tricked us.” Gabe only looked at me wordless and agreeing with me with his eyes.
“Are you coming or are you joining the beggars?” The man asked.  “Come, it isn’t far.”
We stopped in front of a weathered door that was painted red at one time.  The man knocked on the door with the end of his nightstick and grinned back at us.  The door whipped open and gazing back at us was a woman with white hair hanging like sheets around her face.  Her clothes were fluid and moved like silk around her thin body.
“What brings you here this late?”  Her voice had a cool edge to it.  “I’ve got guests.”  She motioned behind her with her eyes that were a dull blue.  
“My lady,” he said with a small bow.  “I’ve brought you more guests.”  He motioned towards us.
She gazed at all of us and then when she caught sight of Claire, her eyes lit up and she smiled.
“Well, then, please come in.”  She stepped aside as Gabe and Ian hesitated.  “I know the Alfheim sent you and I know you were seeking Zim.  My name is Zara and Zim was my husband and now I’ve taken over his job.  Please, or the wrong person might see you.”  She nodded for us to come in.
Cautiously, we went inside as our guide held out his hand, palm up, with a smile on his face towards Zara.
“Thank you mutant, you’ve done me well.”  She then shut the door on his face.
“You must be tired and you’ve got a sick one there.”  Zara examined David.  “No, not sick, just a little under the effects.”  She raised her eyebrows.
The cluttered room had an array of different colored bottles of various sizes sitting on shelves along the wall.  Some were filled with liquids while other had solid, unidentifiable things inside.  Dried herbs hung from the rafters and a cauldron loomed over a blue flamed fire.  Goosebumps suddenly cascaded up and down my arms.
“If you know who we are then show us to The Black Ghost, we seek him,” Gabe said.
She shrugged her shoulders and smiled crookedly at him.  “My goodness my little Alfheim, you’re a rarity with that red hair of yours.”  Her eyes flickered as she stepped closer to Claire.
Claire gazed up at the Zara.  “Thanks…I mean thank you.”
Zara smiled with a tilt of her head then in one quick movement, she grabbed Claire by her hair into a ponytail and with a flash of silver, she cut Claire’s hair and held it over her head laughing.
Claire screamed as I pushed her out of the way.  Gabe shoved David on Ian and pulled his dagger out.
Zara didn’t pay any attention to him.  She joyfully laughed holding up Claire’s clump of red hair like a victory flag.
“I’ve got Alfheim hair!  And it’s red! I knew, I knew I’d have it one day!”
Gabe looked at me and motioned towards the door with his eyes.  I grabbed hold of Claire’s wrist and pulled her with me.  Just before Gabe reached Zara, a black dagger flung threw the air and planted itself into her forehead.
Zara’s body jerked and with her eyes wide open frozen in shock and still grasping onto Clair’s hair, she slowly fell to her knees, then to the floor.  We looked at her then at the white harried man leaning against the wall with a giddy look on his face.
“I would’ve let her kill you, goodness knows I need a little entertainment, but you asked about the Black Ghost.”  His skin was tanned, but his hair was as white as snow and pulled back into a black strap.  “What would you want with him?”  His pale blue eyes became slits as he looked at Gabe.
“Do you know where he is?” Gabe asked.
The man shrugged.  “I might, what business concerns him?”
Gabe ignored him and motioned for us to leave as he helped Ian with David.
“You won’t go far, especially with two delicate flowers and an invalid.”  His words pierced through the darkness.  “Where’s the rest of your clan, Blackbird?”
Gabe stopped and looked back at the man smiling at him.
“I don’t mind helping those of my clan.”  His smile deepened.
“Your clan?”  Ian questioned.
“Yes, I’m with you and you with me.  Isn’t companionship and helping each other out still one of the values of Blackbirds?  Or maybe I’ve sailed the seas and been gone for too long.”  He rubbed his chin.  “I guess things do change.”
“What’s your name?”  Gabe asked.
The man smiled and chuckled looking at all of us.  “I thought you’d never ask.”  He cleared his throat.  “I’m the one you asked about, I’m The Black Ghost.”
Chapter Five
Gabe leaped towards the man pulling his dagger to his throat.
“No need to be rash, companion,” the man said with arms pinned behind his back.  “My goodness you are a strong and quick one at that.  I could’ve used you on my ship.”  He didn’t try to resist, but seemed more amused at Gabe.
“Where is it?”  Gabe shoved the man to the floor.  Still, The Black Ghost let Gabe throw him around like a limp rag.
“I’ve got no idea what you speak of.  You’re going to have to work on the specifics.  I’ve got lots of “its”.”
“Pandora’s Lock,” Gabe said putting his knee to the man’s neck.
“Not another one.”  He managed to say with his face pressed to the floor.  “Look, you’ve got no business with such a dangerous piece.  Shouldn’t you let that job of acquiring it belong to someone older with more…”  Suddenly he vanished into the air.  
Gabe looked dumbfounded and glanced around the room with dagger held in front of him.
“Experience!”  Gabe’s knife flew up into the air and was thrown backwards.  
I ran over to him as he held his bloody nose.  I reached into my pocket and found an unused tissue I had from Zach’s funeral.  Loud laughter erupted behind us as the man stood crossed armed peering down at Gabe.
“I do have to say you are pretty good, but as you can see it only takes a second to gain the upper hand.” 
Gabe got up glaring at the man.
“Tell me and I’ll let you all live,” he said with slit eyes.  “What do you want with the Lock?”  He walked around the room peering at Claire then Ian and then to David.  “Especially one who has been touched by the glass people.”  He turned back to Gabe.  “He’s changing you know, and nothing can stop it.  I’ve seen it too many times.”
“It’s our business,” Gabe said with blood smeared across his cheek.
The Black Ghost raised an eyebrow looking passively at Gabe.  “Yes, well, I could’ve killed all of you in a flash, but I didn’t.  The way I see it you came asking about me and that makes me part of your business.  And since I’m in a generous mood, I’ll agree to take you on as my company.”
“Your company?”  I asked.
“Yes, company.  You know crew, shipmates.”  He stepped closer to me with his pale eyes that looked like they barely hung onto the color.  “You’re different aren’t you?”
“Back off!”  Gabe shoved me behind him.
The man half smiled and held his hands up.  “Sorry, she is yours I see, simply making an observation.” 
He backed away with his eyes steady on Gabe.
“Times running out here crew,” he said drawing the word crew out.  “What do you say?  Join me.”
“Join you or what?”  Ian asked as The Black Ghost looked at him over his shoulder.
“Join me or die if you’re looking for another option.”  He turned back to Gabe.  “I take it you’re the leader and this here is your girlfriend.  So I suggest if you want to keep her alive along with the rest of your group, you follow me.”
I looked up at Gabe with apprehension and him at me.
“Come!”  He snapped.  “Haven’t got all damn day and I don’t mind killing things that get in my way.”  He motioned towards the witch on the floor.
Gabe didn’t say a word only nodded his head and glared at the smiling white haired man.
“Good, I like to spread out my killings anyway.”  He smiled and motioned towards the door.
“I don’t like this Em,” Claire said walking beside me.
The twisting and turning alleyway was dark as we followed Gabe and Ian hanging onto David.  The Black Ghost led the way and warned if we would try to run something worse than him would have us and we’d be happy to have him come to our rescue.  By the sounds that came from some of the darkened corner, I believed him.
“I know Claire.”  I glanced at her and even in the darkness I could see her pull at the chopped ends of her shortened hair.  “It’ll be alright.”
Suddenly Gabe and Ian stopped.  I couldn’t see past them as we stood between the tall buildings.
“And just as the sun burns away the night,” The Black Ghost said stepping down the flight of wooden stairs.  “We’re here.”
The jagged cliffs framed the tiny harbor filled with a few shops.  Everything was quiet and finally we came to a ship that was the smallest one there.  No one was around as we walked down the long peer and got into the ship.  The only other boat I was ever on was David’s and it was what I expected a ship to be, but this one was different.
Instead of wood planks, spongy, cork like material covered the floor.  The bow of the ship was square instead of coming to a point and a glass arch several feet high sat there.  Two tall poles pointed towards the reddening sky and were in the center of the ship.  One large mast of what looked like spider’s silk sat taunt reflecting in the early dawn light.  The top of the ship was flat with a small opening in the center that led to the lower level.
“Ah, yes,” The Black Ghost said.   “Let’s go shall we?”  He then went to the bow of the ship and stood in front of the arch. 
He raised his hands and a map, fluid like water and transparent appeared.  He looked at it, rubbed his chin and then touched a certain spot on it. 
“Yes, that will be a good spot,” he said more to himself.
“Where are you taking us?”  I asked as Gabe and Ian put David on the ground.
“Well, if you must know, I’m taking your inflicted friend to a safe place.  Milk of the poppy only works for so long then you might as well give him water to make him more reasonable.”  He turned looking at me with his twinkling eyes.  “I suggest you hang on and take everyone below.”
“You there, stop!”  A distant voice cried out.
Running down the pier were two men dressed in black.
“Yes, get below and we’d better hurry.” 
“Stop thief!”  The man yelled again coming closer.
“You’re stealing this ship?”  I asked.
He shrugged his shoulders.  “No, not really, technically maybe yes, but the man who owns it is dead.  So, I took the liberty of maintaining it since he had no crew and no one to claim it.  Shame to see it rot,” he smiled.  “Now get below along with your friends.”
Gabe and Ian dragged David down the stairs followed by Claire and I.  The door went shut and then a loud hum surrounded us.  I stood close to Gabe as we suddenly jolted forward.  The ship took off like it had a motor on it and was very smooth.
“This is a Portal Ship,” Ian said getting up and examining it.
The downstairs was lavish and completely open with a galley behind us and large cushioned pillows on the floor.  More of the same cork covering was on the floor and tear shaped lights were mounted on the wall.  The ceiling sparkled from the warm light.
“I think you’re right.”  Gabe joined Ian as I looked at David still sleeping.
“Where do you think he’s taking us?” Ian asked Gabe.
“He said to a safe place and somewhere that can help David.”  I turned and looked at him over my shoulder.
“Em,” Gabe said pulling me aside.  “We can’t save him.  David is too far gone and a danger to everyone.”
I looked into his soft, grey eyes.  He pushed back my hair and ran his fingers down my arm.
“I know he’s a danger, but he’s fighting to not give in.”
“He might be fighting, but he’s changing and we can’t stop it.”  He took a deep breath.  “Believe me if I knew how, I would.”
“Yeah, but what’s even more important is how are we going to find Pandora’s Lock now that we’re with a pirate?”  Ian stepped beside us.
“You’re not going to find Pandora’s Lock because it doesn’t exist, at least how you think it exists” said The Black Ghost walking past us to the galley and flipping open a small door in the counter.  “Hmm, well what would everyone like to eat?”
“What do you mean doesn’t exist?”  Gabe asked.
He glanced at Gabe with raised eyebrows.  “Gabe, you’re leader of this group and you don’t understand a simple statement?”  He chuckled.  “It means it isn’t real and never was.  Unlike many magical things of this world, Pandora’s Lock is a fable, myth or legend if you like to call it that, at least in a physical state.”
Ian stepped beside Gabe and whispered in his ear.  “It’s a lie, he’s misleading us.”
“No, not a lie, Ian son of a portal maker,” He closed the lid holding something wrapped in wax paper.  “More of a misrepresentation of Pandora’s Lock is spoken of.  It exists, but only as an idea, method or,” he tapped his finger to his chin, “something you’re familiar in this world, a spell.”
Gabe looked him as he stepped closer and then stopped just as The Black Ghost pulled out several plates locking his eyes with Gabe.
“How do you know our names when we’ve hardly revealed them?”  Gabe’s asked.
He gave a small, amused chuckle.  “The vines don’t talk to the Alfheim exclusively.  They also talk to other ears and I happen to be one of them.”
He then pulled a large frying pan out from one of the lower cabinets. “Merfish are in season.  I caught these only days before we met.”  He removed the paper revealing the fish’s colorful scales.  “Salt and pepper everyone?”
“It’s real…Pandora’s Lock,” David said sitting on his side propping himself up with shaking arms. His head was bent over and body trembled with weakness.  “I know because I’ve seen it.”
The Black Ghost went to him kneeling to his level.  “I’m sure you thought you saw it, but it wasn’t it.  I know all too well.”  His words were smooth.  “I know the bitter-sweet taste of the glass people’s poison.  I know how you cling to your sanity feeling it be torn away piece by piece and being blown away by the wind.  I also know the power you feel taking its place.  You long to stay who you are, but at the same time, you don’t mind who you’re becoming.”
David gazed at the pirate shaking his head with confusion.
“How do you know?’  I asked knowing that was what everyone wanted to know. 
He looked up at me with his white hair and pale eyes barely containing any color, or color that was once there, but now hardly remained.
“I know Emily because I’ve been poisoned by the glass people’s venom and I’ve overcome it.”  He looked back at David.  “You can too.”
I stepped closer to David.  Gabe tugged on my hand and I stopped gazing at David.  His eyes once filled with desperation and fear now had a glimmer of hope.
“You, you were cured?”  David asked meekly.
“Yes and that’s where we’re going.  The person who healed me said if I want to repay them then I should bring anyone inflicted by the poison to them right away.”
“Where are we going then?  Where is this place?”  Gabe asked.
“A tiny island south of Meropsis,” he said turning back to his fish.
“That could be any island.”  Gabe took a step towards him.  “You make us become your crew, tell us Pandora’s Lock doesn’t exist and steal a ship and now we’re headed to the well-known islands that lie south of Meropsis.”  Gabe stared at him.  “I demand to know where we’re going!”
“The islands south of Meropsis are known for slave trade,” Claire whispered in my ear.
The pirate’s eyes shot to Claire.  He smiled at her walking past Gabe.  “Yes, they are known for their slave trade, but don’t worry, the witch stripped you of any value.”  He brushed his finger across her uneven locks.  “And I’m not into slave trade anyhow.  I want all of you for myself.” 
A glimmer of silver came from Gabe’s hand.  I could see him pull a smaller dagger from the inside of his boot.  I looked back at the pirate who returned the smile.  Gabe came behind him with dagger raised.  The pirate continued smiling with his eyes locked on mine.  He put up his hand and faded into the air with a quickly evaporating mist.
Gabe stopped and looked around when he was thrown to the floor and dagger plucked from his hand by the materializing pirate.
“Now see how I work.”  He stood over Gabe holding the dagger.  “I don’t want to hurt you and I risked even bringing you along.”
“Why then, why did you bring us along if you’re not going to sell us into the slave trade?”  Gabe asked.
The pirate smiled and held out his hand to help him up.  Gabe looked at it then stood up on his own.  “Very well, I don’t expect companionship right away especially under these circumstances. I brought you along because Ulric doesn’t need the power of the glass people.”
“So you want it for yourself?”  Gabe stood protectively in front of us.
The pirate shook his head.  “You don’t understand.  The power of the glass people can’t be tamed, controlled or had. Never,” he said glancing over to David.  “You’re not the only one who he experimented on.”
“What do you mean only one?”  I asked.
“Ulric doesn’t mind using his children as specimens for mutations, even the bastard ones.”  He replied with eyes steady on David.  “It’s all for the cause, all for the advancement and…”
“All for the power,” David and the pirate both said in unison.
“I take it he told you the same things he told me, brother,” the pirate said kneeling before David.
“It can’t be, I was an only child and you were part of the Blackbirds.”  David pushed himself up trying to stand.
“Just stay sitting, and yes, I was part of the Blackbirds.  What do you think Ulric would do with me?  Would he say here’s my bastard son please welcome him into the Dragon clan that is not to mention strict on extramarital affairs.  I stayed with my mother and either from Ulric feeling to take on his parental role or guilt; he got me into the Blackbird clan when I came of age.  My mother told me about you when I was young and I had to keep my knowledge of you secret.  It wasn’t all to benefit you or Ulric, it was for my safety.  Bastards are looked down upon and if I wanted to be anything in this world, I had to keep my mouth shut.”
David gazed at him looking in his eyes like he was searching for more information, more understanding.  
“So how did you become a pirate?”  David asked.  
The pirate laughed.  “Really, out of everything I told you and you want to know how I came to be known as The Black Ghost.”  His chuckling faded.  “My mother named me Rasmus, after her father.  And I liked the Blackbird clan, but after Ulric started experimenting on me, which I didn’t know at the time until it was too late, I had to leave or more like escape.  I stole my first ship and sailed away with no destination in mind and ended up in the Key Islands of the Mers.  There, I met a Mer named Marisha and she taught me how to control the poison that I’m sorry to say, you won’t ever get rid of.  But, you can control it like it tries to control you.”  Rasmus got up and started preparing the fish again with everyone’s eyes on him.
He glanced at all of us.  “You want to hear more?”
“I think we need to hear more,” Gabe said.  
Rasmus swayed his head from side to side.  “Alright, then more you shall hear.”  He sprinkled the fish with salt and pepper.  “How I came to be a pirate is why everyone becomes a pirate—money.  The money is good if you’re a good pirate.  I sold everything from stolen goods on the black market, semi-magical implements and the harmless ones that bring good money, there’s no sense in letting just anyone run wild with the Flaming Wand of Mira even if they offer you a good price—I don’t want to become rich only to have my ass on fire two days later.  Even a pirate knows when to say when with certain magical implements.  Well, this fish is protected by the High Alfheim and I managed to catch several and even have some for a feast.  Made a pretty good profit too.”  The fish began to sizzle in the skillet as Rasmus flipped them over.
“But why do they call you The Black Ghost?”  David asked.
“As you can see my skin is dark, the one thing I kept from my mother, and between my white hair and nearly colorless eyes combined with the ability to vanish into thin air and reappear where least expected earned me the name The Black Ghost.  I was feared and shunned when I was in market which is awful to make anything when your customers are frightened to death of you, so I stole for myself the Fan of Change so I could appear like a normal pirate at market.  Problem solved,” Rasmus said taking the tiny pieces of fish from the pan.
“Here we are,” he said with a smile.  “Please eat with me.  All of you must be starving.”
We stood still as Rasmus set the small table with plates and then pulled down a bottle from an overhead cabinet.
“And here is a bottle of Ambrosia from…” he said looking at the bottle.
“From the hills of Shangri-La,” Claire said with a gasp.  “How did you get it?”
“Ah, a connoisseur of the finer things of this world,” Rasmus said as Claire took the bottle and he handed her a glass.
I remembered Claire having a bottle she kept in her room hidden in a teddy bear.  I also remembered sampling some myself and how good it tasted.
“Please,” Rasmus said, “the fish if getting cold.”
We sat at the table as Gabe and Ian helped David over.  His body was shaking and sweat dripped from his forehead.
“I’m not hungry,” he mumbled out.
“You need to keep your physical strength even if you don’t feel like eating, your body needs it,” Rasmus said firmly.
David began to breathe heavily and his body stiffened as he clenched his fists and let out a growl showing his teeth at us.
“Get the poppy milk!”  Rasmus shouted. 
Ian reached into his pocket and pulled out the small vile of white liquid.  Rasmus and Gabe pulled David to the floor.  Ian pried David’s mouth open letting the substance drip to his open mouth.
Under the weight of Rasmus, David squirmed until the convulsions stopped.  Gabe and Ian got up as Rasmus put a blanket over his half-brother.
“All I can say is that I hope we make it to the Key Islands in time.  I didn’t have as much poison as he had.”  He motioned towards David.  “Time isn’t on our side and as a crew, we’d better work together or Ulric will surely win.”
Chapter Six
 “I know I shouldn’t worry about this right now, but just look at my hair and what that witch did to it.”  Claire turned to me with a small tear running down her cheek,
I wanted to help her and talk to Gabe about his past that he locked away, but I couldn’t let Claire stand here and worry about her hair.
“You’re right, it should be the least of your concerns,” I said rummaging through the drawers in the kitchen. “But also, a girl shouldn’t have a bad haircut as she saves her world.”  Finally after five drawers, I found scissors.
I held them up with a smile.
Claire looked at them and then me with uncertainty.  “You’ve cut hair before?”
I put my hand to my hip.  “Trust me Claire, I’ve cut a lot of doll hair before and you’ve got to be careful with that because it doesn’t grow back.”  I motioned for her to sit in a chair.
I looked at the jagged ends and decided that the remaining long strands had to go.  I kept with the slightly uneven ends until her hair was a little longer than chin length that cupped around her face framing it like a picture.  Her hair was beautiful and I walked around her.
“Oh, Claire,” I said amazed at my creation.
She still had her eyes tightly shut.  “Oh no, what?  What does it look like?”
“Open your eyes and go look in the mirror.”  I put the scissors down and followed Claire over to a small mirror that hung beside the cabinets.
“Wow,” she whispered.  “Oh, Emily its….it’s gorgeous!”  She was pretty and lost that childish appearance.  Now she looked more like a woman instead of a girl.
She turned all different ways in the mirror and smiled at me.  “Thank you Emily,” she said wrapping her arms around me.
I’ve never had this kind of reaction from someone before and felt a sense of accomplishment that I did.  “You’re very pretty.”
“Why thank you,” said Rasmus standing behind us.
I turned to see him crossed armed and smiling.  “Everyone else is up on deck.  We’re about to pass through the portal of the Alfheim Sea and it’s something to behold, come.”
Ian, Gabe and even David, who lay covered up beside them, stood in front of the stone arch that looked almost too heavy to be on the ship.
Gabe turned and held out his hand.  I smiled, joining him as he wrapped his arm around me.  I could feel my insides relax and my worries evaporate.  
“Claire?”  Ian’s voice was high pitched with surprise.  He cleared his throat.  “I mean, Claire.”
“Like it?  Emily did it.”  She smiled at me standing beside Ian. 
“Tell her she looks pretty.  Because I can see that’s what you think.”  I raised my eyebrows prodding Ian.
He didn’t reply only shifted his weight and glanced away then back at Claire.  He then leaned over to her and whispered.  She answered with a smile.
“That wasn’t so hard.”  I didn’t look at Ian, but could hear him internally sigh.
“Maybe I just told her the ocean looks pretty.”
“Whatever you say, lover boy.” 
The sun was quickly fading and the sky began to mix into several colors.  It reminded me of a new crayon box with all the colors organized and even in height.  They swirled around the fading sun until a deep blue pushed them over the horizon.
“Perfect,” Rasmus said coming behind us.  “You lovebirds ready?”
Suddenly, a blazing arch shot up through the water in front of us.  One by one, tiny markings began to glow on the stone arch.  Gabe wrapped his arm tighter around me and the ship picked up speed.
The ship glided through the water like it was on wheels.  I wasn’t sure what to expect, so I clung onto Gabe.  We passed through a thin veil of fog and then the ship slowed down.
“Very smooth,” said Rasmus stepping to the bow.  “The Alfheim know how to make portals.”  He then looked at Ian.  “Sorry, don’t mean to offend your family’s trade, but they do know how to make portals.”
“No offense taken,” Ian replied with his arm around Claire that he quickly removed when my eyes met his.
“It won’t be long for the Mers to greet us.”  Rasmus took out a pencil length glass stick, that I know as an etch, and tried to write something on the stone arch.  “We’ve better send a message or we’ll get to be greeted by their warriors.”
He pressed the etch to the stone started to write and then backed away looking at it.  He let out a huff and tried again.
Ian stepped closer to him and watched him for a moment.  “You’re not holding it right.”  
“Alright, son of a portal maker.  Send this message and quickly or the Mers will be attacking us and they don’t mind collecting ships in the bottom of their sea.”
Ian turned to the arch, flicked his wrist and pressed the etch to the stone.  “What do you want me to say?”
“Tell them The Black Ghost has arrived,” he said standing behind Ian.
“And that won’t alert them that they should send their warriors?”
“My reputation is much worse than the real me.  Besides, the Mers know me well.”
Ian shook his head and looked up at the arch.
“In Mer or Standard Atlantian?”  Ian asked.
“It doesn’t matter—one or the other or you’ll be picking shells out of your rear if you don’t hurry up.  The Mers have a way of using those things as deadly weapons.”  
Ian started scribbling small, tightly looped markings. He then got up and gave the etch back to Rasmus.   
“There, classic Standard Altantian.”  Ian smiled at the glowing symbols with pride just as something flew through the air nearly hitting him.
“What was that?”  Ian stood back up and peered into the pale blue waters that suddenly began to swirl with different shades of blue as if someone had put food coloring into the water.
I stepped closer with Gabe beside me watching the water ripple.  “Something’s coming towards us,” I said.
“Yes, and that would be the Mer warriors.”
In the distance, tiny heads popped up several at a time until there were about a half of dozen of them all swimming towards us.  I could see green, blue and gold flecks on their skin and remembered seeing them on the Dragon clan’s ship when David kidnapped me.  
“They’re not attacking us, are they?”  Ian asked with Claire beside him.
“No, they’re welcoming us.”  Claire waved her hands in the air.  “I wonder if Jasper is with them.”  Jasper was Claire’s Mer boyfriend and was the one who gave her the bottle of Ambrosia and was at my questioning with the council when I first arrived in Atlantis.  I remembered his strong presence and never could really put Claire and her pale skin next to tanned, muscular Jasper.
Ian stepped back and folded his arms watching Claire jump up and down and calling Jasper’s name and letting him know it was her.
The Mers surrounded the boat and peered up at us. 
“What business do you have here, Rasmus?” said the oldest looking one with white hair partially gone on one side with colorful scales reflecting the light in its place.
They all looked that way except some had darker hair, but all had patches of blue, green and gold scales covering their skin.  The color of their eyes was electrified in blues and greens.  And if they turned just right, they could easily blend in with the ocean.
“I bring someone inflicted with the poison.”  Rasmus leaned over the side of the ship.
The older Mer man nodded and headed back towards the island that slowly emerged in the horizon.
“That wasn’t there before,” I said to Gabe.
“Yes it was.  Only you couldn’t see it.”  The ship jolted forward and before I lost my balance, Gabe pulled me close to him.  
The wind rushed past us as we came closer to the large island.  Speaking of hidden things, I wanted to ask Gabe about his mother even though I knew he didn’t.  I could see the hurt in his eyes and wanted to fix it.  I couldn’t stand to see him hurt and I’d have to do it when we were alone.
Small boats greeted us and took us the black sand shore.  The colors of everything were striking.  The green palm trees against the black sand and the turquoise colored water, everything looked like it vibrated with color.  Even the Mers with patches of scales covering their skin looked like jewels sparkling in the sun.
“Welcome, Rasmus and I see you brought guests with you this time.  It’s about time you made companions,” said a woman with blonde hair tinged green and a small section of blue-green scales covering her sharp cheekbones.  The iris of her small, blue eyes nearly filled in her whole eye leaving very little white.  Her slender arms covered entirely in green and gold scales shifted in the sun.  Her tall and lean body was covered in a very thin and revealing gown.  I knew I was obvious at my staring, but I couldn’t stop, it was like I was gazing at some exotic creature at the zoo.  “Though not the crew I expected.”
“I didn’t seek them out, they found me,” Rasmus replied.
Her jeweled eyes glanced over us and I couldn’t stop staring at her.
“You bring me a poisoned one?” she asked her voice was direct and had coolness to it.
“Yes, my Queen, I do.”  Rasmus had Gabe and Ian bring David’s limp body in front of her.
With her eyes fixed on David, she stepped closer with outstretched hands.  She brushed her hands across David’s cheek just as tiny bolts of light flickered from her long webbed fingers.
“There’s more poison rushing through him than you.  I am pleased.”  Her movements and voice were mechanical.  “Come,” she said turning towards the swaying palm trees.
The black sand trail curved through the forest of palm trees that had evenly spaced smaller palms growing under the canopy.  The path soon changed to paved walkway of gray-green stone that made large steps heading upward.
I walked beside Claire who smiled to herself.
“They said Jasper will be back tonight.  He’s on patrol.”  She looked at me with her bright, lovesick eyes.  “I can’t wait to see him and for you to meet him.”
“So the Mers can cure David and sweep you off your feet too?”  I asked glad that Claire got to see Jasper, but concerned over David.
She smiled slightly.  “They are wise, but to get them to help sometimes is hard.  They are part creatures of the sea and have a cold, inhuman edge to their personality, especially as they grow older.  If anyone can help David, it’s them.  They are wise and know the secrets of the seas and oceans.”
“I hope they can do something for David,” I looked at David being carried by Gabe an Ian.
“If they can’t, no one can,” Claire said in a soft voice.
I glanced at her, but she kept her head towards the ground and then we walked in silence.
There were many Mers around that gazed at us with their colorful eyes with heeded curiosity.  Some were working in what I would call the gardens under the palm trees, while others passed by us on the wide staircase leading upward.
Finally, we reached a flat area with the large canopy of palms overhead and buildings scattered throughout were constructed of black sand.  They looked like castles with tall spires and arched windows high above.  There were no doors, only open passages leading inside.  It reminded me of a sandcastle someone would make on the beach only these had round stones of greens, blues, and yellows imbedded into the sand walls.
We walked inside where the walls were lit with veins of light that gave off a cool light.  They covered the walls everywhere and looked like they were pulsating as if attached to a heart somewhere.  The room was bare except for a raised table made of black sand and embellished with the same stones as outside.  It was a solid block with intricate designs carved in the sand.  It even looked like there was an inscription running along the upper edge, but I wasn’t sure.
The Mer queen motioned for Gabe and Ian to put David on the table.  They then stepped down and stood beside Claire and me.  
I looked up at Gabe and reached for his hand.  We then watched the Queen go up the steps one by one with eyes fixed on David.  She reminded me of an animal stalking its prey and I tightened my hand around Gabe’s hoping she wasn’t going to devour him instead.
Rasmus stood at David’s feet as the Queen ran her electrified fingers over David’s body.  Tiny bolts of lightning flickered between his body and her hand.  Her face was emotionless and her movements fluid.  Her hand glided all over his body making small circles until she concentrated her movements over his chest.  Suddenly, the electricity between her hand and his body intensified.  David jerked, but remained still as if pinned down by invisible hands.  He screamed out with his voice echoing off the walls.  It wasn’t a human yell, but the cry of him changing.  
His body shook as the Queen remained still with her eyes fixed on him.  She didn’t let up until he his body went limp.
“The poison has gone too far.  I’ve taken some, but to take the rest would kill him.  Tell me what you want me to do with this creature.”  She looked at Rasmus then at the rest of us setting her eyes on me.
“Leave him,” I said.
“He will change and do you want to fight the glass people?” she asked.  “They are drawn to him and your amulet that was stolen from them.  This creature is their guide and the amulet is their reward.  They are angry that it was stolen and vengeance is what drives them.”
I looked at David as Gabe pulled me close to him.
“To let him live is to allow the glass people entrance to this world which they will destroy.  To let him fade will cut off their light and this world will be dark to them.”  Her voice was emotionless.  “The decision is yours.”
I drew in a deep breath and turned to Gabe.
“He was your friend and still is.  He was poisoned and asked for our help.  We can’t let him die.”  I gazed up at Gabe searching his eyes.
He looked up at David before looking at me.  “I know, but Atlantis is at stake and so is Eutopia.  If the glass people get the amulet, then they’re unstoppable to how many worlds.”
“There has to be another way.”
“There is another way, but as other ways go, it’s dangerous, uncertain and may end in disaster,” Rasmus said as he stepped down.  “Pandora’s Lock, remember.”  He smiled at us.  “Pandora’s Lock may be the key.”
“How does it work then?”  I asked.
“Well, you’ve got to make a portal first, then have the bait sitting in front of it and someone to guide the glass people to the trap,” he said rubbing his hand together with a smile.
“A portal will just lead them somewhere else,” Ian said.
“Not if it’s a well-constructed portal that lead them to a cell.”  Rasmus tilted his head.  “It’s perfectly acceptable to make one.”
“Yeah, acceptable, but impossible.  How are we going to make one like that?”  Ian looked away.
“You’re the son of an experienced, well-known portal maker, you’ll figure it out.”  He patted him on the back.
“I’ve got no experience and not to mention the fate of many worlds will rest on its construction.”  He looked back at the Queen.  “I think…”
“You have until low tide to make your decision.”  She said peering down at us with folded hands.
“Em, you should eat something.  Here,” Gabe said handing me a wood bowl filled with colorful fruit.  “The Mers made it especially for us since they mostly eat fish and other things from the sea sometimes cooked or uncooked, here.”
I took the bowl from him and looked at the bright fruit staring back at me.  “It’s hard to think about food right now with David and what the Empress said about…” I met his grey eyes.
“About my mother and past,” he finished my sentence and I nodded picking out a piece of fruit resembling a pineapple slice.
He drew in a deep breath and motioned for me to sit on a bench that sat in a circle of palm trees.  It had tiny holes in it and the surface was bumpy and distorted like something inside tried to hatch out of it.  The top was smooth, probably done by the Mers to make it into a bench.  
“It’s true what the Empress of the High Alfheim said.  My mother was killed by the venom of an Etal—a rock creature of Ring Island that is in the southern Sanudra Ocean.  I was seven and I had let go of the leash and the puppy ran away.  Father had gone to a Blackbird meeting on Kangee and that left mother to go and find him.  She came back without the dog and a sting by an Etal.  She died three days later.”  Gabe’s words were so mechanical and distant almost like he had rehearsed it before.  “There, that’s it.”
I gazed up at Gabe with sorrow, but he looked back with empty eyes that barely held back his pain.  I could see it and before it broke, he turned away from me.
“We better get back.  Now, David’s life hangs in the balance.” 
“But Gabe,” I said setting my bowl down and cutting in front of him.  I wanted him to tell me more that he was keeping secret and buried.  “That’s how it happened?”  
“Yes,” he said in a low voice.  “That’s it and,” he gazed back at my bowl, “you should eat something because I think it will be a long ride back to Meropsis.”
“But Gabe…” I grabbed him by the arms.  “It was your mother and—”
“I know it was my mother.”  His voice trembled and eyes glossed over with controlled tears.  He drew in a deep breath.  “What do you want Em?” he asked in an aggravated tone.
My mouth opened, but no words came out.  I looked up at him wanting nothing more than to talk to him.  I could see his pain and I wanted to make it go away.
“I want to help you Gabe,” I said finally.
He stepped away, ran his fingers through his hair and then looked at me with his stormy eyes.  “No, you can’t,” he said flatly.  “The past is the past; you can’t cover it up or change it.”  His eyes suddenly hardened still focused on me.  “Don’t go digging where digging doesn’t need be.”  His eyes formed slits warning me I had trespassed in a sacred area to Gabe. 
I pulled myself from his warning stare and shook my head.  “But Gabe, I think…”
“No!” his shout pierced me like thousands of tiny needles nearly numbing my entire body.  “You don’t think.  It’s the past, now shut-up about it!”
He turned with eyes like ice and movements as quick as a deer.  I stood dropping my bowl to the ground littering the green vegetation with the colorful fruit.  I had dug where I didn’t know I was digging.  I was hurt myself and hurt for Gabe.  I’d unburied something that he spent years slowly covering up and I’ve blown it up in a matter of minutes.
I could easily let myself cry, but I didn’t.  Gabe needed me more than ever and I wasn’t going to let him go.
I ran towards the sandcastle to find Jasper and Claire outside talking.
“What happened?”  Claire asked jumping up.  “Gabe just stormed by.”  She pointed towards another garden with a stone path that faded around the corner of the castle.
“We…uh, we had a talk,” I said glancing between the garden wanting to follow and Claire.
“It looks more like an argument rather than a talk,” Jasper said with his deep green eyes glittering back at me.  “What did you do to anger him?”  I looked away from them feeling Jasper was a little too nosy.
Claire glanced up at him.  “Maybe it wasn’t her.”  She stepped in front of me as Jasper shrugged his shoulders and stepped back.  “Em, what happened?”
I felt tears sting the back of my eyes and I didn’t want to cry, not with Jasper standing by watching.  He folded his large arms with an amused, smug look on his face.  I kept glancing between the two of them.
“It was…we just …” I couldn’t handle this right now and pulled on my hair.
“A woman shouldn’t talk back to her mate, so maybe you are getting what you deserve as punishment.”  The small patch of green-gold scales caught the flecks of light piercing through the palms.  “You need to learn your place and think of that.”  I glared at him half in awe and half repulsed by his blunt comment.
My eyes shifted to Claire whose face reddened as she glanced down at her feet.  I wish I could’ve sent her a message with my Receptor abilities.   
“I’m trying to give you advice, Eutopian.”  I could see the patches of scales shift in the light as he moved closer to me.  
“You don’t know me, Mer.”  I stepped towards him not feeling the fear that he was ten times my size.  
He smiled.  “I’m afraid I do.”  The more we talked the more he seemed amused at making me all the more mad.  “You’re letting your emotions get in the way of what’s important now and that is your ill companion and the threat of the glass people, not what is going on in here.”  Jasper tapped on his chest with his webbed fingers.
I sighed looking away.  Jasper was right. I was letting my emotions get in the way.  David’s life, Alicia and the amulet were the most important things right now, not Gabe’s past.  I glanced up at him and he cocked his head to the side.  But he was only right about that one thing.  The rest was him being a pig.
“I’m right and you understand your place.”  I could feel my skin crawl as I tightened my fist pulling my eyes off him to Claire.
She slightly hunched over and glanced at me before looking back down at her feet.  Not only did Gabe have issues with his past that I had to deal with, but Claire had a male chauvinist pig as a boyfriend.
I shook my head and turned away from them.
“You should stand up straight so you look taller my flower,” Jaspers said to Claire as bile rose in my throat.  “And what did you do to your hair, I don’t like it now.”  
I stopped just before the path turned around the castle.
Jasper pinched Claire’s hair between his fingers gazing down at her with disappointment.
“A witch did it,” she finally said lifting her eyes to me for split second.  
I would talk to her later about Jasper for right now; I had more important things to figure out.  I went around the corner to another beautiful garden searching for Gabe.  I didn’t have to go far.  Beside a tiny pool of blue water, Gabe sat peering down at it.  I quietly walked up beside him and sat next to him.
“I’m sorry Gabe,’” I said as we both peered into the water.
“No, I’m sorry,” he replied.
I reached for his hand and curled my fingers around his.
“I shouldn’t have pushed you and I won’t.  But if you ever want to talk about it, I’m here to listen.”  I met his eyes.
“I want to tell you, but not now.”  His warm smile returned.  
We sat rubbing each other’s hand and peering into the clear water with colorful stones at the bottom and the sound of the wind rustling the tall palm trees overhead.
“Jasper is a jerk,” I said resting my head on Gabe’s shoulder.
He chuckled as I gazed at him.  “I’m serious.”  I turned to him.  “He told me that I should know my place with you and I shouldn’t let my emotions right now get in the way of what’s important.  I felt like showing my place with him and that would be my fist in his face.  He’s just…ugh!”  I yelled out of frustration.  “Why are you laughing?”
“Because, I like to see the fire in your eyes when you do,” he jerked me closer to him until we were face to face.  “I want to kiss you now, but I know it would only lead to the more I want of you.”  His stormy eyes swirled with fragments of blue.  “But, Jasper is right, everything that is going on is more important and I want us to be around together for many years to come.”  He pulled himself away and stood up.
“You’re right.”  I stood up.  “We need to make a decision.”
Chapter Seven
“The tide is low and the time has come.  Did you come to a decision for your companion?”  The Queen asked.
I squeezed Gabe’s hand before he let it go to announce our decision.  “We have and we wish to retain his existence.”
The Queen nodded with her expressionless eyes on him.  “Then you must leave as soon as the storms pass.  This creature draws the glass people here and our island is no battleground.”  Her eyes focused on Gabe, suddenly filled with sympathy.  “I see and yet don’t see how you wish to keep this creature alive, especially the darkness he draws.  I must honor your decision and I give you my support in the battle you face.”
Gabe bowed slightly and backed away as we were led out of the castle.  
“How and where is this Pandora’s Lock going to work?”  Ian asked as I watched Claire go over to Jasper.  I still wanted to smack him.
“Just like I said before,” Rasmus said standing beside Gabe.  “You’ve got the bait,” he nodded towards me, “you’ve got the light to guide them and the ability to make a portal—that’s you Ian.” 
Ian shook his head.  “It can’t be that simple and what about my responsibility?  I don’t have experience at making portals.”
“It can be that simple.  The glass people are powerful and cunning, but they do have limitations.  Being outside their element takes from their power—they weaken and quickly do so without their power.  It can be done my young portal maker.”  He smiled at Ian who turned away with a huff.
“You make it sound so easy and aren’t even the least bit worried.  Worlds are in the balance of things.  If the glass people gain control, we’ll never get it back.  Both Atlantis and Eutopia will be gone and who knows where it will stop.” 
“If you think that way, then that’s the way things will go.  You have the ability and the resources to win this because…I don’t like the other option.”
Ian looked at Gabe then me.
“You can do it and so can I.  We don’t have any other choice.”  I sent the message just for him to hear.
“Talking is easy. It’s the doing that’s hard.”  Ian replied verbally just as Claire joined us.
“Jasper said we could stay in the guest building in the gardens,” she said motioning towards the tall palm trees.
“The Mers do have wonderful accommodations and I bet there will be a feast tonight.”  Rasmus rubbed his hands together with anticipation.
“No,” Claire said coldly.  “There are storms coming and everyone is in tonight.  So, no dancing, no feast, no music, no Ambrosia, no…”  With each word I could see tears pool in her eyes until she wiped them away and began to quietly sob.
“Claire?” Ian questioned her with a confused look on her face.
“I know, I feel like crying too,” Rasmus said with crossed arms.
I looked at Gabe and motioned with my eyes that they should leave as I wrapped my arms around Claire.
“Let’s go and check out our accommodations then,” Gabe said prodding them along.
“Is she alright?”  Ian even whispered his message to me.
“She will be.  I’ll talk to her.”  I replied with a smile.
They left leaving just Claire and I.  I guided her through the gardens past some of the Mers that were tending to it to a private area encircled by vining yellow flowers that sweetened the air surrounding us.
“What did Jasper say?”  I asked trying not to say his name with venom. 
“He,” she started to say through her hiccupping voice.  “He said he didn’t want me anymore since I look this way.” She looked at me with red, swollen eyes.
I rolled mine and tried to compose myself and choose my words carefully.  I had to tell Claire that Jasper, the once love of her life, was a jerk.
“Claire,” I said softly.  “If Jasper cared for you he would love you if you had no hair.”
“You don’t understand the Mers.” She looked away.  “Your appearance is important.  It reflects what’s on the inside and he sees it as a change in me.  The Mers look at things differently.  Jasper didn’t accept the change and declared he won’t be seeing me anymore.”  Even Claire’s lips were swollen from crying.
I drew in a deep breath as Claire picked a flower and twirled it between her fingers.
“Well then,” I said standing up.  “Then if he doesn’t like the change in you, then maybe he isn’t good enough for you.”  Claire continued to focus on the trumpet shaped flower.  “There are lots of other fish in the sea.  Did he tell you that?”  I asked being serious and not knowing how to say ‘you’ve got to move on’ gently.  
Claire looked up at me.  I wasn’t sure if she was going to cry or yell at me saying that’s an old stupid cliché.  Instead her lips curled upward and she chuckled.  “That’s lame advice, but…true.  I’ve never dated many boys and besides my family on Kangee, I’ve never been around very much.”
She tossed the flower to the ground and stood up.  “That’s what I want to do,” she said in a loud voice.  “I want to meet new people and do more things that I know I’m capable of.”
I smiled back feeling relieved of Claire’s sudden new direction just as the distant rumble of thunder shook through the trees.
“We better go.  There’s a storm coming,” Claire said.
There was a storm coming and one that I didn’t know if anything would survive.
When Claire and I got to the building made of the same black sand, it had just started to rain.  Rasmus had David sitting in front of him talking quietly to him.  David nodded his head and listened as Rasmus looked like he was giving him instructions.  
“I’m going to go and get our dinner before it starts raining,” Ian said pushing the door open.
“I’ll go with you.”  Claire walked up to him with a smile.
Ian looked down at her like she was a small kitten following him.  “It’s going to rain and probably be lightening by the time I get back.”  He warned with a shrug of Claire’s shoulders.
“So, you can use the help and I won’t melt.”  She gazed back up at him.  “Well, let’s go or we’ll be soaked by the time we get back.”
Ian pushed the door open the rest of the way letting Claire out glancing back at me smiling at him. 
There wasn’t too much to the cabin.  In the center was a pile of stones that glowed orange and yellow and as I stepped closer, were warm.  The cork-like floor was cushiony and felt good to sit on.  There were no chairs, but shelves that had a few stacks of dishes, blankets and more of the clear stones that were in the fireplace.
I stared at the glowing stones slowing pulsating with light and heat, almost like a real fire.  Gabe came up behind me and wrapped a blanket over my shoulders.  I looked up at him and smiled.
“It can get cold here at night.”  He sat beside me.  “They’re fire stones and are only found deep within the ocean.  The Mer mine and sell them.  And as you can guess, they are a hot item,” he said smile at me.
“A hot item, no,” I said laughing.
“I mean not only is it hot, but it made them one of the wealthiest clans in Atlantis.”  Gabe picked one up and immediately it flickered out.  “Just think no more cutting down trees, no more fire hazard and they’re perfect except you can’t cook with them—at least not yet.”
“What do you mean not yet?”  
“It means they’re working on it.  The fire stones don’t get hot enough and the Mers are getting closer to doing so.”  He put the stone back and it began to glow again.
“So can you turn them off and on?”  I held my hands warming them over the stones.
“Yes by hitting them together.”  Gabe picked up two and gently tapped them together.  They quickly stopped glowing and were as clear as glass with jagged sides.  “The ones the Queen uses are cut like diamonds and are really beautiful.  And they last for a long time.”
I watched Gabe tap the stones again and place them with the other ones.  “You know a lot don’t you, I mean about Atlantis.”
“I have to if one day I’m going to take Abe’s spot.”  
“Are you scared?”  I asked gazing into the stones.
He didn’t reply at first.  “Why?  Are you scared that one day I’m going to lead the Blackbird clan?”
I looked up at his smiling face.  The warm light made his hair look like strands of gold thread and his usual grey eyes fill with shades of yellow and oranges.  I leaned closer within breaths of kissing him when David cried out.
Gabe pulled away and quickly stood up as David breathed heavily and glared between us with pale eyes.
“Stop,” Rasmus said calmly.  “You don’t have to react that way.”  His voice was firm and David receded burying his face into his hands.
Gabe put away the dagger I didn’t even see or knew he had pulled out.
Rasmus put a blanket over David and whispered something in his ear guiding him to the floor where he slept.  He gazed up at us.
“He’s trying and I’m giving him the advice that was given to me,” he stepped closer to Gabe and me.  “I don’t know if he can overcome it.” His voice was low as Rasmus glanced at his brother.
“If this doesn’t go well…” Gabe whispered.  “We’re going to have to take action because he’s only going to get stronger and if you can’t control him, I will.”
“You won’t be able to kill him,” Rasmus said plainly.
“Then we’ve better make Pandora’s Lock work or I will kill him,” Gabe warned.
Claire and Ian came back with a stew made with vegetables and what looked like shrimp.  It was amazingly good.  Rasmus scooped up the last of the stew and took it over to David.  He shook him gently until he woke and handed it to David with a smile.  Rasmus said something to him and motioned our way.
Gabe glared at them watching their every movement like a hawk.  Rasmus coaxed David over to the stone fire inviting him to sit down.
“If you continue to exclude yourself from the group the easier it is to give in.”  Rasmus handed him the bowl as David shook his head and pushed it away.  “You know the glass people don’t eat food either.  We do.”  He took David’s hand placing the bowl in it.  “Now, eat and enjoy.  The Mers know how to cook when they do cook their food.”
David’s pale eyes were steady on Gabe.  Both exchanged cold glances with Rasmus watching.
“You know if there’s an underlining hate going on here, I need to know about it.”  Rasmus paused glancing between them.  “Well…”
“I didn’t mean to almost kill the Shilander,” David said.  “Zach is a good guy and I barely even remembering doing it and never wanted to hurt him it’s just that…”  His eyes shifted to me.  
Gabe immediately got up and stood in front of me.  “You leave Em alone,” he warned.
“It’s in the past Blackbird, whatever happened is in the past and we’re trying to help David overcome this or Ulric will have us all if we fight among ourselves.”  Rasmus got up and stood in front of his brother holding his hands out and speaking in a calm voice.
I leaned over glancing at David.  His darkening eyes met mine and he smiled in a sly way—a way that I remembered the old David smiling at me if St F.  Part of him returned, but I wasn’t sure if it was good or not.  
Gabe didn’t reply to Rasmus.  He sat back down beside me with his eyes on David.
“I’m changing Gabe, weather you know it or not, and I don’t want to be the person I was.  I mean not only glass person, but the one before that.  Being poisoned by the glass people made me see how I really was, and I don’t like it.  I’m changing Gabe and not into the person I was or the one my father tried to turn me into.  I’m my own person now and each day I’ll grow stronger.”  Rasmus smiled at his half-brother while Gabe pressed his lips together and looked away. 
 I reached for his hand and curled my fingers through his trying to ease the tension. I could feel an iciness brush past me and I glanced over at David.  His eyes had casted over with a frost of white that melted as soon as I looked at him.  They had a distant look to them that faded in the matter of seconds.  David smiled at me with the warmth returning to him.  I tightened my curl through Gabe’s fingers. 
“My father is getting closer to us and I don’t want him to have the amulet as much as you don’t.”  David’s eyes changed again into ones that were as sincere as his words.  “I want to join you and help you.”
“If you want my confidence in you, then prove it,” Gabe said.  “If you want to change like you say, then the only way is to prove it when the time comes.”
Rasmus nodded his head smiling.  “There, that wasn’t so bad to reach a truce.”
David smiled at Gabe and extended his hand over the glowing rocks.  “Shake on it then?”
Gabe looked at him for a moment, held out his hand gently placing the other on his dagger at his waist and shook David’s hand.
“And even a little physical contact without spilling any blood, that’s great.”  Rasmus gazed between them.  “Our group is tightening and that’s good if we’re going to beat Ulric.”  He shifted his eyes to Ian.  “And that means we better get started.  Pandora’s Lock won’t create itself.”
“But I don’t know how to work this Pandora’s Lock.” Ian was standing beside Claire along the wall, “especially since there wasn’t anything recorded of it except for tales told to children before bedtime.”  He stepped closer to us letting Claire’s hand go that I didn’t even notice he was holding.
Rasmus smiled and walked towards Ian.  “Pandora’s Lock isn’t something that already exists; it’s something you make by your own design.”
Ian shook his head.  “I’ve got no training, no idea on how to construct such a portal—there’s simply no way.  I mean what if it fails, then what?”
“The way I look at it is, if we do nothing then we die, and worlds are consumed.  If we at least try, we’ve got a chance.  Not taking a chance is letting the glass people win—at everything and I do mean everything.  It’s silly to let it go especially if all your ingredients are right in front of you.”  Ransmus smiled fanning his arms out.
Ian huffed, ran his fingers through his dark hair and looked at me with his blue eyes.  
“Rasmus is right. We need to take the chance.  There’s no other option.”  I looked into his eyes and he shook his head pulling his eyes from me.  “Hey!”  I caught his attention.
Ian looked over his shoulder at me.
“We can do this,” I said aloud so everyone could hear.
Ian let his breath out as Claire stepped beside him lacing her fingers through his with a smile.
“We can do this,” she said.  “I’ll help you.”
“What do you know about portals?  Do you know how big it needs to be?  The force it needs to pull the glass people through?  You know if it isn’t strong enough it won’t work.”  Ian pushed himself away from Claire.  “Do you know these things?”  
Claire didn’t answer.  Her mouth trembled and pools of water formed in her eyes.
“Ian…”  I warned.
His eyes darted to me.
“If the portal fails, then I fail and so does this world along with others.”  Ian darted past me and out the door.
I went over to Claire trying to comfort her.
“He can do it.  He’s just frightened of it.”  Rasmus looked at the door with crossed arms.  
“I’ll go talk to him,” Gabe said turning towards the door.
“No,” Claire said stopping Gabe.  “I’ll talk to him.”
“Claire…” Gabe said gently.
“No, I need to talk to him.  I might not know much about portals, but I might be of some help to him.”
Gabe gazed down at Claire then at me.  I nodded at him and he opened the door letting her out.
I wanted to send Ian a message telling him to listen to Claire, give her a chance, but I didn’t.  He needed to do this by himself and by me prodding him, would probably just make him mad.
“So,” Gabe said standing in front of Rasmus.  “Where do we build this Pandora’s Lock?”
“Well,” he said.  “It isn’t where you build it, it’s mainly on the construction and I can’t say that the surrounding area won’t be affected.”
Gabe stepped closer with squinted eyes.  “How much affected?”  
“I’m really not sure.  The portal itself has to be large and with that amount of energy traveling through it not to mention the battle to get them to go in…”
“You mean we’re going to have to fight them?”  I stepped towards Rasmus.  “How are we going to do that?  There are hundreds of them.”
“More like thousands, if not hundreds of thousands.”  He looked at me with his pale eyes.  “With the amulet as the bait and David as their guiding light, it won’t be much of a battle.  And with Pandora’s Lock it not only contains them, but attracts every bit of their poison to it—no matter where it’s at or how afar away it is.”
I looked away immediately thinking of the Wall surrounding the Crystal City in Eutopia.  The Wall was constructed out of the glass people’s power and I was destined to destroy it bringing the power back to the real Eutopians—Quil’s race of Rangers.
“Their power is vast and more than just Atlantis have been touched,” Rasmus said standing in front of me.  “You don’t have to fight them alone my little Receptor.”
“How do you know I’m a Receptor?”
Rasmus smiled.  “I can feel the vibrations in the air and don’t worry; I can’t pick up on your messages just feel them.”
Gabe stepped closer to me.
“What about Eutopia?  What will happen to it?”  Gabe asked.
“You mean the Wall that was created by the people of the Crystal City on Eutopia?”  Rasmus looked back at me.  “Yes, I know of it even though many here do not.  Once touched by the poison, you gain the knowledge of where the power lies.  The Wall is large and vast and I’m sure destruction and death will be inevitable, but also it will save it.”
“Quil is here, but what about Aria?”  I looked up at Gabe.  
Aria with her dark hair and topaz eyes was leader of the Outlanders, the ones that lived outside the Wall and daughter to the leader of a hidden tribe of original Eutopians.  They lived secretly outside the Wall that slowly closed in on them each time it expanded.  Soon they’d be out of places to hide, to live and to survive.  But could they survive the Walls destruction?
“We have to tell them what’s going on…they’ve got to prepare…or maybe we can bring them here.”  I suggested.
“They need to stay where they’re at,” Rasmus said standing beside us.
“But they need to know.”  I protested.
Rasmus took in a deep breath.  “If anything is going to be saved, we’ve got to make the portal and quickly.  If we take time to tell or round people up is taking time away from completing it.”  His eyes softened behind the frost that covered them.  “The only way to help them is to use your Receptor abilities and send them a message.”
I nodded my head as Gabe wrapped his arms around me.  “Then I’ll send a message.”  It was my only way and I knew Aria could speak to me as well as Quil.  I hoped I was strong enough to send one that far and have it reach them it time.
.
Chapter Eight
 “They’re coming!”  David suddenly screamed out doubling over and grunting on hands and knees.  “My father….Ulric is here….calling…”  David looked up at me with white eyes.
“Don’t listen!”  Rasmus yelled.  “You don’t have to obey!”  He knelt beside David inches form his face.  “You’re your own person.”
Gabe pushed me behind him and pulled out his dagger just as Claire and Ian came in.
“What’s…”  Ian started to say glancing at David then at me.
“He’s changing,” I said feeling the hair on back of my neck rise.
“Stop with the words that confuse me…so many voices…”  David put his hands to his ears and yelled.
“Then listen to your own,” Rasmus said calmly.
David slowed his breathing and closed his eyes.  He was trying as we watched him in silence.  Then he opened his eyes that were solid white just like two marbles.
He pushed Rasmus away and lunged towards me as Gabe stabbed David in the stomach.  He bent over clutching the blade and with a grunt, he pulled it out letting it hit the floor.
“I don’t want to hurt you.  I want her.”  David’s voice sounded that of many and I held my breath peering into his depthless eyes.
David shoved Gabe out of the way and latched onto me pushing me through the door and past the gardens to the moonlit beach.  The pale light made everything glow in whites, greys and silver.  I could hear Gabe and see lights bobbing through the underbrush behind us.  I yelled out to them trying to free myself from David.
“Let me go! Let me go, David!”  I pleaded with no response.
I continued to try to release his hold when a familiar sensation filled me.  The strength that I had felt several times before started to fill every muscle.  It was the same power I had when I fought off the glass soldier in Eutopia and I knew it would be my only chance to free myself before we ran into the sea.
I dug my fingers of my left hand into David’s chest then raked the fingers of my right across his face.  I let out a scream when I did and immediately he released me.  I rolled to the ground and jumped up quickly ready to take him on.
He breathed heavily over bent knee trying to compose himself.  I  could’ve run, but for some reason I didn’t understand, I didn’t.
“I don’t want to hurt you Emily, I want you to join me.”  His raspy voice was calm and didn’t show any resistance.  His pale eyes were focused on me.  “The Mers helped me and I want to help them, but we have to do it my way and I need you to complete it.” 
My knees were bent and my hands out ready to fight, but he stood with arms at his side gazing at me with eyes like two moons.
“I don’t want to join you,” I said thinking of running, but my sudden strength was quickly leaving.  I could feel my legs buckle even though I pushed them up.
“You need me as much as I need you.”  David grabbed me by my waist pulling me close to him.  “The amulet is reaching out for you and even though you don’t feel it yet, you’re changing too.”  His face was inches from mine.  
He pulled me closer in one jerking movement.  His frosted eyes covered the darkness underneath as they searched mine.
“I…I..”  My voice was becoming weak just like the rest of my body.
“Em!”  I heard Gabe yell in the distance.  
I tried to yell out as everything turned to a blur of lights, David’s arms tightening around me and the glowing moon over my head.
The water was cold bringing me to my senses and sucked every ounce of warmth from my body.  Deeper and deeper we went out with the waves crashing into us trying to push us back to shore.  The sandy bottom fell from under my feet and I clutched onto David as I could feel the openness of the ocean.
“David! Stop!”  I yelled between mouthfuls of salt water.
“There’s another portal…just about there.”
“Dav—” My words were cut off as David pulled me below the water’s surface.
I forced my eyes open to darkness as my body started to convulse for air.  I tried to free myself, but David’s hold was too strong.  I feared I was going to drown and then a light broke the dark water.
Suddenly, the rushing water pulled at me forcing me through the blinding light.  I tried to swim away looking back at the darkness that I knew was my only escape.
 “No, it was you who wanted me this way.  I never consented to it!”  I could hear David’s voice.  “And now here we are.”
“It was to strengthen you, David,” Ulric said. “I did so you’d have the power to be my army.  The Alliance is crumbling in a mix of lies, disbelief and mismanagement.  It has always been on that path and now, they’ve reached their destination and here we are to reap the rewards of a plan I’ve designed years ago.” 
I kept my eyes closed listening to them.
“Don’t you see that I did this not only for me, but you as well?” A brisk breeze brushed across me and I tried to control my shivers.  I could feel their eyes on me in the silence
“You’ve strengthened me and…I guess I should thank you for that.”  David’s voice was smooth.
“Now, you’re coming to your senses.”
“I came to my senses a long time ago.”  I could hear footsteps nearby but didn’t dare open my eyes.
“You did it David, you brought everything together,” Ulric said over the sound of something being poured into a glass.  “Let’s celebrate.”
“Let’s,” David said over the clanking of glasses.  “And even the finest Ambrosia you’ve opened—I’m honored.”
“Of course you’re my son,” Ulric replied.  “Now, shall we start our business?!”  Ulric’s foot kicked me in the stomach.  I tried to gasp for air and curled knees to chest looking up at Ulric.  “Get up girl, time to use you for what you were designed for.”
I stood darting my eyes between David and Ulric.  Ulric was in front of me with David casually swishing his Ambrosia in a cut crystal glass.  He leaned against a desk stained dark with an intricate relief sculpture in front of it.  The room was opulent with paintings hanging on top of paintings of picturesque landscapes and portraits of beautiful women dressed in elaborate gowns and men in long coats embellished with golden threads.  Book cases, tall vases and glass cabinets containing gold and silver jewelry lined the walls where there weren’t paintings. 
The paintings lead to the tall ceiling.  Hanging over our heads were hundreds of jagged glass shards with pointed ends.  This room wasn’t just a room; it housed something of great importance just like the vaults in Meropsis.  
“Now that I’ve got your attention,” Ulric said setting down his glass.  “We’ll begin.”
Ulric glared at me with his glowing eyes.  He was of the Dragon clan and I’ve seen him change into his true form of a scaly creature he was underneath and I knew I was no match to him.  I shifted my eyes to David and he slightly raised his glass to me, took another sip and sat it down hard spilling some of the Ambrosia on the desk.
“Here father, let me,” he said stepping towards me.
He grabbed my arm and turned it over exposing the white underside.  He looked down and gazed at it.  Tiny blue lines webbed out from my wrist and the inside of my elbow like some random geometric design that I never notice before.  I lifted my eyes to him as humming started to fill my ears.
“Em…where are you?”  Ian’s voice broke through the static. 
“With Ulric and David.  Don’t know where…”   I replied.
“Stop sending messages!”  Ulric yelled with a slap across my face.  
His black eyes glared at me and shifted with the light.  Ulric was part dragon and I knew his strength was nothing to mess with.  I glanced at David with his frosted eyes steady on me.  Something was different about them, like a piece of him had returned.  He smiled slightly and grabbed my arm again jerking it in front of him.
“Shall we begin, this is boring me.”  David looked over at his father.
“Yes, we’ve waited long enough,” Ulric said straightening the collar on his long coat.  “Let’s get started, shall we?”  He smiled at me and motioned towards the center of the room.
On a marble table sat a mirrored box.  I’d seen the box before and knew it was Pandora’s Box and was meant to be a gift for the original Pandora.  She’d fallen in love with one of the glass people and this was her only way to contact him and when told to keep it shut, she didn’t listen.  The box was a portal and when she opened it an army of glass people attacked her world plaguing it with their poison.  Now, Ulric has the box and wants the power of the glass people that I know can’t be contained.
He ran his hand over the box.  It didn’t reflect anything in the room, but glowed in a cool light.  The air filled with electricity as Ulric ran his fingers over the box barely touching it.
I watched him remembering the last time the box was open.  I had seen my mother there and wished to see her again, but I also know what is in there with her.  I lifted my eyes from the box to Ulric who smiled back at me.
I could go in the box, find my mother, bring her back with me and then have Ian make a portal throwing the box into it along with the Wall that surrounds the Crystal City.
“Beautiful, isn’t it?”  Ulric asked rhetorically. “Now I have everything I need to rule what the Dragons lost so long ago.  I will bring them back and rule over them like the king I deserve to be.”
David pulled me closer as his father held the box up admiring it.
“Do as I say and you’ll survive.”  He pulled from his pocket a tiny black thorn.  “This will protect you.”  
David shoved the thorn into my wrist with his thumb until it was under my skin.  I screamed holding my wrist that burned like it was on fire.
“What are you doing?!”  Ulric yelled.  “What have you done?!”  His eyes turned black looking at David.
“I thought I was to rule with you.  I thought I was to share power.”  David stood in front of me as the burning turned to ice and tiny rivers of black started to fill my veins.  “I thought the Dragon clan was to be ours.”  David stepped closer to Ulric.
“There can only be one king of the Dragons, my silly boy,” he said with a chuckle.  “And you were to be the beacon in the dark for my power—a noble and respected position.”
“I would die doing so.”  David blocked me from Ulric and with each word he said made him look like he was getting bigger.  “I have the power of the glass people father.”  His words were soft.  
“Their power can’t be contained inside of you.  It will eventually destroy you.”  Ulric shook his head.  “You don’t understand my boy.”
“No, I do understand.  And I had help from another—another boy.”  Ulric’s eyes flashed with fire.  “He’s known as The Black Ghost.”
“He was a pirate that got lost at sea in a storm and was never seen again, everyone knows that.”  Ulric brushed David words off with a shrug of his shoulders and continued to gaze at his box.  “I don’t let ghosts frighten me or the stories told of them.”
David stood in silence as I glanced down at my arm tattooed with tiny lines running all the way from my wrist to the inside of my elbow.
“What did you do to her?”  Ulric stepped towards me noticing the lines curling into swirling designs on my pale skin.
David cut him off placing his hand on his chest and glaring at him with white eyes.  David stepped away from him and closer to me. “That boy is very much alive and gave me the advice that I needed to destroy Ulric the leader of the Dragon clan and our father!”  David let out a scream as he lunged for Ulric shoving him to the ground so fast he didn’t have time to react.
I watched the box fling out of his hand and twirled through the air.  David was all silver and white as his father tried to change into dragon form while being attacked.  Ulric’s skin slowly turned to scales and bones shifted under his skin making cracking sounds.  He didn’t seemed bothered by it as he pinned David to the floor.
“I didn’t want to do this.  I still need you.”  Ulric’s voice was harsh.
David stared into his father’s eyes for a moment then pushed on him propelling him through the air and into the glass shards overhead.  They clanked together like ornaments as webbed wings exploded behind Ulric.
“Get the box and run!”  David yelled looking at me with his marble eyes and silver scales on his forehead.  “Do it now!”
I looked at the box and picked it up as Ulric charged towards me pointed teeth all in view.  I was paralyzed holding Pandora’s Box watching Ulric come closer.  
David stood between us and looked over his shoulder at me before he leaped into the air grabbing Ulric in midflight.  They fell to the floor with a thud knocking over furniture until David had Ulric pinned to the floor.
Ulric, half changed into dragon struggled to move under David’s strength.  David clenched his hands around Ulric’s arms so tight, that tiny pools of black blood ran onto the floor.  David lowered his head breathing hard and then looked at Ulric.
“You see what you did!”  David yelled through clenched teeth turning back to his new normal.  
Ulric formed a smile and then chuckled.  “I see a boy…just a boy with poison running through him that he thinks is power.”  His laugh deepened.  “You’re a nightlight in the dark and that is all.  You have no power; I hate to tell you that since I can see the surprise on your face.”  They stared at each other for a moment.  “Do you think I would give any power to you?  It’s mine.  No one else knows how to control the glass people’s power.”
David began to breathe hard again and grunt.  He glanced up at me with normal eyes that quickly casted over to white.  David was changing and this time I think he was doing it at his own will.
“Do stop this charade.  It’s ridiculous.”  Ulric said firmly just as silver scales glinted on his forehead and down his forearms.
“You did this to me and now you have to deal with me not as an experiment, but as your rival!”  David slammed his head into Ulrics with a crack.
Daivid jumped up lifting Ulric by his arm and flinging him into the wall behind them.  Books and pictures fell to the floor.  
“Get out of here!”  David growled between his pointed teeth as Ulric flew over his head towards me.
Clutching the box I turned and ran to the wooden door in front of me.  Ulric beat me to it landing with a rush of air and knocking off what remaining pictures were on the wall.
“I plan on making you pay for this mess Miss Moore, that is, if you’re still alive!” With a violent scream, Ulric changed the rest of the way.  He was in his true form—Dragon. 
Ulric opened his mouth which was elongated and filled with large, razor-sharp teeth.  His eyes were black voids, but still managed to glisten with superiority that was untouchable to anyone.   
“Em!”  Ian’s voice shot through me.  “I can feel you close…getting portal sick…Say something…anything!”
I couldn’t even speak in my own head as I watched from Ulric’s open mouth a flame, tiny and harmless erupt from the back of his throat.  It grew larger and the heat I could feel engulf my face just as I was pulled backward through the air.  I landed hard behind David as flames curled around him from Ulric’s mouth.
The fire engulfed them and through the flames I could see David take his talon fingers and pried Ulric’s mouth until it snapped and hung like a broken appendage.  By now the fire had spread licking the velvet curtains and walls.  The door was blocked by David and Ulric as they fought in a tangled mess of orange flames mixing with the blue ones clinging to David.  Smoke and noxious fumes from the paint on the canvases burned in many different colors as to which they were painted, was beginning to fill the room choking out every breath of air.
I went over to the window as the fight continued when suddenly something small shot by me.  Even through the raging fire, I could hear the tinkling of glass.  Another shard passed by slicing me across the shoulder.  
“Ian!”  I yelled internally.  “Help me!”  
“Oh, finally!  Where are you?”  He sounded relieved.
“I don’t know…with Ulric and David in some…castle…on fire!”  I looked down at the rolling green hills feathered in mist and with nothing else in sight.
“On fire?”  Ian questioned.  “And  a castle?”
“Yes, Ian how many castles can be on fire right now?”  
Silence filled my ears.  “Ian!”  I yelled out loud as my voice frantically echoed back at me. Before I could draw in another breath, something hard slammed into me knocking the air from my lungs and my body over the ledge.
I couldn’t even scream as I fell from the window into the cool air with something wrapped around me tight.  At first I thought it was Ulric, then, from the quickly fading window ledge, I could see Ulric spread his wings and charge towards me holding his broken jaw.
Suddenly, we landed with a thud.  I could taste blood fill my mouth from my teeth pinching the inside of my cheek and flashes of light was my vision as my ears rung.  I stood numbly for only a second and then felt David’s strong arms curl around me.
His movements were smooth and quick and slowly my vision came back to me along with my hearing that was still slightly muffled.
“With David…on foot…running…”  I looked at the emerald green hills and breathed in the moist air as I coughed up smoke.  “We’re in the open…should be able to find us.”  
Everything was quiet except for David’s raspy breaths in the still greenness.  I looked to the misty grey sky with flecks of blue for Ulric.  He simply had disappeared and I wondered where we were.
“Ian!  Do you hear me!”  I begged for him to respond.  
David suddenly stopped on the crest of a hill that looked over all the rest.  A ring of weathered, grey, pillars sat on the hill like an ancient crown.  Rays of sunlight stabbed through the constant mist mixing into a concoction of gold and grey light.  A few trees dotted the area in the distance and a giant lake almost perfectly circular edged the greenness with its charcoal grey color.
David weaved through the pillars as I continually pleaded with him to tell me what was going on and where we were at.  I looked to the skies hoping to see a plane and dreading to see Ulric.
“My father brought me here as a child,” David said passively.  “He said this was an ancient place of our ancestors.  This is our beginning—a portal to another world and our birthplace here in Atlantis.”  He was his normal self now.  His eyes still casted over with white, but I could see them calm and in control.  “I can wield the power, Emily.  I can control the glass people’s poison.”
David gazed down at me standing between two of the rounded pillars.  
“What are you saying?  That you want the power to rule.”  I asked repeating Ian’s name in hopes of a response.
He smiled then stepped closer to me.  “No, I want Ulric dead and I’m going to use the glass people to do it.”
David turned from me and stood in front of one of the pillars caressing it with his long fingers.  The rough stone glinted slightly from under his touch.  He smiled back at me and then touched each of the pillars until all of them glowed with beams reaching high into the sky.
“I see you!  Em, we’re on foot…be there.”  Ian’s voice pierced through my head.
“Call them off, Emily.  They’ll only get in the way and be hurt or killed.”  David’s white eyes met mine.
Before I could answer something large swooped over us and landed on the opposite side of the stone circle.  Ulric folded his wings and glared at David with angered black eyes.
David didn’t move as he extended his hand and a wall of light connecting all of the pillars enclosed around Ulric inside.  Ulric pushed at the wall of swirling light that encircled around him, almost like a fish in an aquarium.  He glared at David and then stepped back.  David folded his arms and gleefully looked on at his contained father.
Ulric jolted into the wall with all of his force only to bounce off of it.
“It’s no use and soon they’ll be here to take you with them—the treat I promised.”
Ulric held his jaw looking to the sky and let out a cry.
“It’s no use, they can’t hear you either.”  David paced back and forth in front of Ulric.  He then stopped inches from the glittering wall.  “It’s just you and me.”
“David, you don’t have to do this…”  I stepped behind him touching him on the shoulder.
He turned quickly glaring at me with his white eyes.
“There is no other way.  The glass people are coming and I intend to greet them.”  He grabbed my arm and pulled me close to him.
We walked to the other side of the stone circle that overlooked the lake.  I called to Ian over and over again in my head like an SOS signal.
“Stop it princess, we’re coming.”  Quil’s voice entered my head like a bolt of lightning from a blue sky. 
“Quil?”  I questioned.
“Very good, now stall David.”  He commanded.
David held me close in front of him.  “David…”  I started to say as he ripped open my shirt.  I gasped trying to push myself away as he grabbed the amulet and held it out in front of my face.
“We are one Emily—power and light.  Together we are a beacon in the darkness to my people.”  His words were calm compared to Ulric’s screams behind us. 
“The glass people will kill you and destroy everything.  They will join no one,” I said trying to stay calm as a light flickered in the horizon.
“You don’t understand them like I do and you don’t know their secrets of untold power.”  David’s body stiffened as the light grew brighter breaking through the mist with curling tendrils.
An acidy smelling wind blew across us as the tentacles of light caressed the pillars like a bug examining its prey before it devours it.  I kept pleading with David to stop, but he didn’t listen.
“Quil!”  I yelled out loud.
A blast of light exploded in front of us blinding me at first and then as my eyes adjusted, I could see them.  The glass people’s faces all silver scaled with pale skin and white eyes.  They nearly melted in with the mist and gazed at us with their many faces.
The amulet burned with many different colors and swayed back and forth vibrating with the power it contained.
“I bring you the amulet.”  David announced to the hovering creatures.
“You bring us the amulet?”  One of them said.  “And so willingly,” the voice said with all of their heads and eyes moving in the same direction as if they were one being.
“I’m one of you and you are one of me.  I’m the beacon that will guide you and she’s the power.  We can join as one.”
“As one?”  They asked in a humored tone.  “My young beacon, we are older than time, the mountain you live upon and even Atlantis itself.  We’ve been called demons, angels and gods by common folk that worship or feared us, but we do not care what they do.  They are specks of dust to us…nothing more than life to consume.”  They moved closer turning their attention to me.  “A part of our power was taken that little dust particles shouldn’t have.  We want it back.”
“You can’t have it.”  I clutched the amulet in my shaking palm.
They stopped tilted their heads to the side in a mechanical way and glared at me with their white eyes.
“Our power has never been stolen, taken for a short while, yes, but we’ve always retrieved it.” 
With their eyes on me, they glided footless across the grass with their arms like tentacles outstretched towards me.
“I command you to stop!”  David yelled.
Their mouths curled upward into a snarl showing their sharp teeth and the wind pushed at us nearly knocking me over.  I tightened my hold on the amulet and planted my right foot behind me bracing myself against the wind.  David pushed himself forward and in front of me yelling at the approaching glass people.
“Emily!”  I heard a voice call my name.  “Emily!”  It yelled again.
I could hardly keep my eyes open as I could see an amber light burn through the tight group of glass people.  A thin piercing light sliced through them knocking some of them out of the way and disintegrating them into an explosion of silver dust.  
From the mist a woman with blonde hair and glowing sword in hand emerged.  “Mom!”  I yelled catching her attention just as one of the glass people sliced her across the arm.
I yelled trying to push my way through the hurricane winds towards her.  She turned stabbing the glass person through the eyes and withdrew her sword as she was showered in silver dust. 
“Stay behind me,” she said turning her back to me.
More and more of the glass people came and soon the ground was covered in silver glitter.  The winds grew in strength and I was forced to the ground huddling behind my mother when a slender tentacle curled in front of my face.  Tiny points, sharp and thin popped out from its sides as it grabbed hold of me lifting me off the ground in the matter of seconds.  
I went through the air as the tentacle’s barbs dug into me with their iciness.  I was then slammed into the ground unable to move.  I tried to yell, but I couldn’t draw much air in from the constricting vine.  The mists swirled around me and I couldn’t see anything, but I could hear my mother cry out for me and David growl.  Their voices were muffled and I felt I was in a bubble of calmness.
The tentacle slowly loosened and I pushed myself up standing in a thick, white mist.
“Give us the amulet, dust particle,” a voice said followed by the silver and white face of a glass person.
Its white hair curled and moved like it was an entity of its own.  I clutched the amulet not saying a word.
“I can’t harm you.” It stood in front of me with unmoving lips and eyes like white marbles.
“You can’t have it,” I said aloud.
The glass person glided around me gazing with steady eyes until it stopped where it started.  It didn’t say a word as I looked at it.
“Certain things shouldn’t have this Emily Moore.  We protect what we have from those like you because you don’t understand the laws of the space yet and….we intend to keep it that way.  Yes, we do play with you from time to time, but only out of boredom or to try to understand such a simple creature.”  I gazed into its eyes that were depthless and yet not.  “I’m the leader of the everlight and responsible for it.  I’m also not going to lie to you dust particle, I can’t take the everlight from you without you willingly giving it to me.”  Its mouth turned upward slightly as the battle raged on and I shifted my eyes trying to catch a glimpse of my mother.  
The glass person turned to where I was looking.  “They mean something to you—a connection that sustains you.”  Its words where almost questioning.  “I can sense that, though don’t understand.  And that is going to be my leverage.  You can save them as well as the Crystal City where you’re from.  Eutopia is moments away from us devouring it.  I can’t stop it, but you can.”  Its smile deepened extending its slender tentacle to form a cupped end, “the amulet for your people.”  
Chapter Nine
 “I…”  I squeezed the amulet between my fingers.
“Time we have, you do not.”  Its white eyes gazed at me and I was drawn to them.  They weren’t cold and heartless.  Even in their depthless color; I could see the empathy it had for me.  “I’m giving you a choice and a very rare one at that.”
I loosened the hold I had on the amulet as unspoken words filled my head.  It told me that it was the thing to do.  Power such as this will be the slow coming death of Atlantis.  We possess greed and our lust for power over one another will spread like a plague.  Slowly, I reached over my head and started to take off the chain.
“Very good dust particle,” it said as I held the amulet in front of me.
I gazed at all of the colors it contained.  I was so mesmerized by everything that I nearly forgot about my mother and the battle raging outside until it suddenly came crashing in on us.
“Get away from her!”  I could see Pandora dressed in a long, black, glittering tunic waving a thin whip that cut through the air like liquid silver over her head.
The glass person hissed as she slapped it across the face.  It yelped and charged at Pandora as she jumped out of the way laughing.
“I’m faster than you think!”  Pandora curled the whip through the air in circular patterns.  
The glass person became enthralled by the graceful whip held in Pandora’s chubby fingers.  It looped and swirled like a ribbon and the glass person watched like an amused child.
“Hold this and whatever you do, don’t drop it.”  Pandora tossed me the box.
I caught it and looked up at her as she guided the enchanted glass person closer to the pillars where Ulric was still contained.  Fire raged behind the clear wall as he tried to burn his way out.
“Stand behind me and hold the amulet over the box with the lid up,” Pandora said.  “Understand?”  She asked.
I stood behind her and opened the box with my shaking hand holding the amulet over the box. 
“You won’t trick me you piece of sludge!”  The glass person stopped, grabbed hold of Pandora’s whip, and flung it through the air.  “Your hocus-pocus charms won’t work on me.”
“The amulet,” it said gazing at me.  “Times up.”  It swung at Pandora casting her through the air as it snarled then charged towards me.

I stood holding the amulet as a flash of blonde hair and someone calling my name came from the surrounding chaos. Glass exploded behind me with a blast of heat.  The glass person shrieked and I was thrown forward as Pandora’s Box was swallowed by the giant blob of mist containing the rest of the glass people.
They shrieked and hissed as someone pulled me to my feet.
“Get your brother and make a portal.”  My mother commanded dressed in the same black clothes as Pandora and shoving the box in my hand.
I couldn’t help but to stare at her in awe.  “Mom,” I said.
She grabbed me by the shoulders.  “There isn’t time.  If you want me to stay, do I as say!”
A large glass person formed out the mist in front of us as she lifted her swords and slashed through it.
I didn’t know where Ian was as I clutched the box.
“Ian!”
“Emily!”
“Where are you?”  I frantically looked around catching glimpses of David and Ulric with several glass people all silver and white being consumed by his red and gold flames.  
“I can see Ulric!”  I yelled through the rush of the flames and the screeching sounds of the incinerated glass people that kept coming by the dozens. 
“Don’t yell Em, I can hear you and stay calm.  I see you.”  His words put my insides at ease even as I had glass people reaching out trying to latch onto me with their sticky tentacles.  
Then, I caught a glimpse of Ian’s dark hair and blue eyes staring at me.  He ran for me and I to him when suddenly something curled around my waist lifting me off my feet.  I screamed still holding onto Pandora’s Box with everything I had.
I looked down at the glass person’s face all silver scales that were razor sharp and teeth that gleamed at me.  It chopped its teeth and gazed at me like I was its meal when a flash of silver exploded behind it and I fell to the ground immediately as it released me.
I looked up to see a boy dressed in the same black clothing and wavy blonde hair that would put ribbons of gold to shame.  He turned and reached for me.
“Gabe,” I said leaning into him.
He smiled for only a split second letting his grey-blue eyes swirl back at me.  “Ian and I need to make the portal!”  Gabe wrapped me in his arms from the glass people that swarmed around us.
They moved as one and were nothing but a disorganized ball of mist, open mouths of snarling teeth and tentacles frosted with silver scales.  Finally, we caught a glimpse of Ian’s dark hair.
“It’s hard for them to separate.”  Gabe told Ian.  “Take Em back to the pillars. Make the portal.  I’ll drive them towards you.”
Gabe turned yelling and swinging his sword at the hissing glass people.  Silver glitter exploded on us like rain as Gabe slashed through them.  I could see the tops of the pillars through the rolling mist containing the glass people.
“Come on Ian!  This way!”  I pulled at his arm cradling the box with the other.
“I don’t have an etch!”  Ian stopped as I continued to pull at him with tightened mouth.  “I can’t make a portal!”
“We can make a portal!”  I yelled holding the amulet.
“Emily—you don’t know what that can do.”  He ran beside me towards the pillars.
“We made one before with it.  We have no choice.”  I stopped standing before the looming pillars as still and unmoving as the most ancient mountains.
I took the amulet and looked at Ian.
“Let me guide it mostly and you just concentrate.”  Ian lifted his hand up in the air covering mine as we started to draw a silver line in midair.
I could feel the amulet burn then become as cold as ice.  It fluctuated in temperature so much I thought it would explode in my hand.  We then pulled the line downward.  Everything began to fade around me.  All that mattered was Ian, me and the portal.
The bottom line curved slowly up the other side and then connected at our starting point.  We then carved swirling designs that laced together at the top.  Down each side we made what looked like lettering of crisscrossed marks and squiggly lines.  The fluid silver lines moved through the air effortlessly and I smiled slightly at our creation.  
After we made all the intricate lines, Ian waved my hand back and forth shading in the inside with silver.  It rippled and slowly I could see our image reflect back at us.  We kept polishing it until it was smooth like glass and our reflection was sharp staring back at us.  
“It’s beautiful,” I said aloud.
“Beauty doesn’t matter.  It’s the construction that does,” Ian said flatly as I looked at his white face and sweat dripping from his forehead. 
“Ian, are you ok?”  I asked as he swayed with his eyes rolling back in his head and falling to the ground.
“Ian!”  I yelled.  “Ian!”  I yelled internally.
I bent down beside him turning him over and trying to shake him awake.  Suddenly, a shrilling cry broke through the noise and caught my attention.  I looked up to see a glass person standing by itself with legs and feet covered in silver glitter.  Its long, white hair flowed around it like a banner and silver scales covered its forehead.  It peered at me with white marbled eyes that flickered with glee as its mouth curled into a smirk.
I stood up slowly and moved in front of Ian with the amulet clutched in my palm.  I glared at it and then held up the amulet that burned with flame and cracked with ice.  Vibrant colors shot out like beams from it and I could hear a humming sound behind me.  The portal was alive and ready to consume the glass people.
They gathered slowly into a ball of mist with their white eyes all staring at me, all hungry for what I had.  I stood in front of the portal knowing I would go with them as well.  I didn’t have a choice and searched for a glimpse of Gabe.  
“Tell Gabe that I love him!”  I closed my eyes tight and sent Quil a message—the only other one that could receive messages close by.
He didn’t reply, though I felt a slight tug in the back of my head and I knew he heard.  The glass people had secured an area and I was in it along with Ian who I stood protectively in front of.  It was up to me now to finish the job.
“If you want it… come and claim it!”  I yelled out between clenched teeth and blood running down my arm from my fingernails digging into my skin.  I could feel every muscle, every cell of my being come to life all at once.
The lead glass person that stood in front of the rest yelled pointing a sharp talon at me.  The angry mist rolled towards me hissing with white eyes all focused on one target.  The lead glass person stood staring with a victorious gaze in its depthless eyes as a thin silver blade poked suddenly through its chest.  It bent over slightly looking down at the blade as a small amount of silver dust fell to the ground.  It pulled the blade out and held it in its hands as more dust fell from its body.
It looked up and snarled throwing the sword towards me and charging at the same time.  I watched all of their white eyes focus on me at once with wanting of what I had.  They wanted their power and the life of the worlds it has touched.  And I wasn’t going to let them have it.
I lifted the amulet in front of me prepared to take them on.  It glowed with a bright light almost blinding and hummed so loud, I thought it would shatter the air around it.
“They want the amulet, but they’ll take me instead!”  David appeared out of nowhere and shoved me out of the way at the same time something large and fur covered slammed into me just as the rushing wind of tentacles, mist and screams of the glass people were sucked through the portal until the last of the cries faded.  The portal closed with a bang and then all was silent.  Everything was calm as though nothing had happened.
I kept my eyes closed wanting and not wanting to know if everyone survived.  I didn’t want to feel the heartache, but I had to know. I tried to push what was on me off and realized the fur had changed to skin and two eyes the color of topaz gazed back at me.   
“Don’t move or you’ll die,” Quil said calmly looking down at his blood covered hands.
“You’re hurt,” I said numbly and tried to move.
I let out a yell as something sharp and hot burned in my stomach.
“Don’t move I said, now listen!”  Quil knelt beside me as my body turned into a spasm of pain and weakness.
“It’s poisoned by the glass people and contains a spell in it as well.”  Quil looked at Gabe who brushed back my hair as I struggled to breathe let alone even try to talk.
Gabe was alive and still with me.  I wanted to wrap my arms around him and never let go, but my body wouldn’t allow me to.
“My blood may not be enough.”  Quil gazed down at me.
“Your blood and my magic,” Pandora said standing over me with her red hair fanned out in twisted strands around her round face.  “This one is strong, she’ll be fine.”
I closed my eyes as voices turned to chanting and lights flickered all around and the taste of blood, not bitter, but sweet like honey, filled my mouth.  I drank it like I never wanted to stop, not just because it was delicious, but because it made every fiber of my body crave it like a drug.  
The chanting and swirling of hands and faces that danced around me in some ritual faded to a blackness that had only one flicker of light and that was two topaz colored eyes that stared steadily at me.
“You’re alive, so why don’t you wake up?”  Quil’s voice asked.
“I don’t want to.  I want to run in the wild with you like we did in Eutopia.  I want to see the rivers and the lakes and the woods and visit the original Eutopians.”  I was serious but Quil chuckled which angered me.
“You want a lot of things don’t you princess?’
“Yes, I do, and I deserve them,”  I said with more chuckling from him.
“Then if you want them, why don’t you wake up and come and get them!”  He commanded with his eyes glowing fiercely at me.
My eyes popped open and I sat straight up with a yell from my dry mouth.  Pain radiated form my stomach and forced me back down.
“Em, be careful. Here,” Gabe said turning my face to him.
“Gabe,” I barely whispered.
He looked at my stomach.  “You’re bleeding,” he said looking over his shoulder. 
I tilted my head up peering at the bluing sky slowly pushing the blazing colors of yellows and oranges past the horizon.  The air was cool and the battle still rung in my ears despite the stillness and footsteps that surrounded me.
 “The plane is down in the gully…it will be a long walk.”  Quil looked down at me and let his eyes glow for only a moment.
“We don’t have a choice.”  Gabe smiled down at me with the guilt of my lingering dream still raw in my memory.
“Wrap your arm around my neck,” he said leaning over me.
I did and with all his strength, he lifted me into his strong arms.  I leaned my head on his shoulders and closed my eyes knowing Quil was looking at me with curious eyes. 
“Still want to run in the wild with me princess?”  Quil asked teasingly.
I didn’t reply and felt embarrassed at what I said to him in my dream.  He found it amusing and I found it horrible that he made fun of my feelings.  My feelings—what about Gabe?  He was always there for me.  And Quil, he was uncharted territory that made me want to know more.  My head spun as I tried to gather my fragmented thoughts.
“You know I charge extra for this…you’ll have to tell your clan leader that,” Pandora said.
“Pandora?”  I questioned as I had forgotten the amulet, Ian and David.  “Where’s Ian?  What happened?”  I lifted my head looking at Gabe.  “What about David?”
Gabe stopped for a moment and sat me down.  “We did it...or I guess we did.”  I leaned against the large boulder and looked around at the rolling green hills and peaceful blue sky.  “And I don’t know how, but we all survived.  The glass people, every one of them went through the portal along with Ulric.”
“Of course we all survived, I was here guiding you,” Pandora said.  “The glass people are kind of like dogs—throw them a bone, meaning Ulric, and they’ll follow.  Stupid creatures, though you don’t want to mess with them.  And the key to the portal is in here,” Pandora said proudly holding the mirrored box carefully in her hand.  
I reached for my neck and felt it bare.  “The amulet…”
“The portal can’t be worked without it and as proper guardian of it, no one ever will.”  Pandora gazed at the box admiring it.
“No, that’s not how it works,” Ian said walking to her with pointed finger.
“Ian!” I tried to get up.
“Something like this will belong in one of the vaults.  More likely in Meropsis and they will be the guardians of it, not you.”  Ian didn’t even glance at me as I tried to get up again.  Gabe wrapped his arms around me and lifted me up.
“Yeah, and you see how secure they are.  One heartbroken girl who loses her boyfriend and then the next thing you know she’s seeking the fountain of youth.  You see how that turned out.”  Pandora held the box protectively.  “You Alliance members may have a lot of knowledge, but you don’t know everything and something important like this should belong to a blood relative.”  
“I agree,” said David stepping forward.  “It’s secure with Pandora and you’ll have the Dragon clan’s approval.”  Pandora nodded as she shrugged her shoulders at Ian.
“Your opinion doesn’t matter here, portal maker,” Pandora said gleefully.
“I think we should move on.” Gabe cut in before Ian could even speak.  “The Gatelands are known for their erratic weather and I don’t know about anyone else, but I want to get back to Meropsis.”
“We Dragon clan like it here,” David said looking at the rolling hills covered in green with rocks imbedded here and there in the ground like crooked teeth littering the landscape.
“And you’ll return here if you play your cards right.”  Gabe said standing in front of David.
He looked at Gabe with his milky eyes and nodded.  “I plan to,” he said smiling at me.
“Is anyone going to tell me what exactly happened or are all of you going to let me stay in the dark?”  My voice was stern.  “The last thing I remembered was the portal opening and the glass people getting sucked into it.”
“It’s hard to sum everything up here, especially since Gabe and the rest of you want to get back to Meropsis.”  The voice that I knew but yet didn’t, pulled at something familiar inside of me.
“Mom,” I barely whispered as I could see her golden hair reflecting in the light framed in the greenness that surrounded us.
“I’ll sum it up in three words—you did it,” she said with a smile.  “You not only saved this world and Eutopia, but you brought me back, Emily.”
Tears stung the back of my eyes.  My mom that I barely knew said my name that I longed to hear.  I wanted to hold her and tried to move when a sting filled my stomach and something wet ran down my back dripping to the grass.
I kept my eyes on my mother as everyone else looked in horror at me.
“We’d better hurry,” she said stepping closer to me and running her delicate fingers across my cheek.  “You’ll be fine Emily.”  Her voice was reassuring.
I couldn’t keep my eyes open any longer and felt the warmth of satisfaction fill me.  I could easily let myself fall into it and right at this moment, I’d be happy to die this way.
Chapter Ten
 “If you think it’s going to be that easy, think again!”  Quil’s voice ran through my head.  His voice was harsh with an edge of desperation. “Did you hear me?!”
I heard him, but didn’t respond.  I didn’t want to.
“Then, you leave me no choice.”
The security of the blackness that had enclosed around me, suddenly broke open to a bright light.  I closed my eyes refusing to look at it, when two hands grabbed me pulling me to my feet.  I was dragged and forced to walk as the angry hands prodded and pushed me to wake.
I opened my eyes to see Quil’s golden eyes staring back at me.  “It’s about time.  I thought I was going to have to beat you up.”  His voice tinged with teasing and his lips curled into a smile.  “I’m serious, princess.’
“I hate that word,” I said gazing back at him.
“That’s what you are.”
“That’s not what I want to be.”  I rebutted.
He tilted his head studying my eyes.  “Then what do you want to be?”
I sighed and looked at the tall trees that surrounded us.  “Where are we?  Where is everyone?”  I began to feel disoriented.
“This is what Eutopia is like and this is what your name protects, princess,” he said stepping away from me.
“We’re in Eutopia?  I mean like right now?”  I let my eyes cascade over the arrow-shaped leaves of the slender trees looming over our heads and listened to the trickling stream in the distance.
Quil smiled with his eyes of topaz glinting back at me with daringness as he turned and ran into the forest.
“Quil!”  I yelled at him as the swaying underbrush swallowed him whole.
I didn’t know what to do as I stood there looking through the trees and then at the cobalt blue sky overhead.
“I thought you wanted to run in the wilds of Eutopia with me, princess.”  Quil’s voice echoed back at me.
Suddenly, a pang of excitement, anger towards Quil for aggravating me and the rush of running alongside Quil through my homeland filled me with joy.
I jumped off the rock I was standing on and into the cool, clear water of the rock bottom creek.  I could smell the fresh air filled with the sweet scent of wildflowers growing in the openness of the meadows that were surrounded by the tall curtains of trees framing it.  Everything was pristine and untouched by anyone.  I felt as though my feet were the first to ever touch this very spot.
I walked through the trees and into a meadow searching for Quil.  I had followed him through the forest barely keeping up with him and then he disappeared.  I called his name with no response. 
Standing on the crest of a hill, I continued to look for Quil hoping to catch a glimpse of him.  Everything was quiet except for the breeze that brushed past me.  I started to call Quil’s name again when something grabbed me from behind and pushed me to the ground.
I gasped for air as I peered into the glowing topaz eyes of Quil in ranger form.  He pinned me down with outstretched arms, breathing hard as if he was out of breath.  I wasn’t afraid or even angered at him.  I was glad he was near me.
His eyes were steady and gazed into mine as he slowly changed.  I watched as each strand of hair, every muscle and bone shifted.  It horrified me the first time I’d seen him change, but now, I found it beautiful.  
“Still want to be here?”  He asked and I smiled nodding my head.
“I want to be here…I want to live where I came from…I want to know everything about Eutopia…I want to be…with you.”  I raised my hand running my fingers through his brown hair that changed with different shades of brown.
“And what about Gabe and Ian and your life in Atlantis?”  He asked gazing into my eyes.
I felt the ground had fallen out from under me.  I had forgotten about them.   How could I’ve done that?  I cared about them too, especially Gabe who has been with me all along and even jumped through a portal after me along with Alicia.  And Alicia is still in the fountain of youth.  She’d given her life to save Zach.
I looked back at Quil wanting to say forget them at the same time I could never do that.  I simply wanted both, but I couldn’t have both. 
“Are they here?”  I asked looking around sitting up with Quil kneeling beside me with bent knee.
A single colorful daisy nearly a perfect shade of pink, bloomed beside him.  It caught his attention and he picked it handing it to me.  
“Our life here would be like this flower,” he said looking at me from under his eyebrows, “perfect, but alone.  You are from this world Emily Moore, but you have no ties here.  There is a difference.  You have ties in Atlantis instead and the people there care about you very much.”  
Suddenly, the brilliant sky faded as if something was sucking all the color out of it.  I looked back at Quil.
“You are part of Eutopia, but Eutopia isn’t part of you.”  His voice was like a whisper as I could see at the forest’s edge a group of people melting from the shadows, some in human form while others in ranger.
Then a girl with long dark hair, stepped out and toward us.  It was Aria, leader of her own clan of rangers and daughter to the original Eutopians.  She stood a distance away and smiled.
“You freed us here.  The Wall is gone and the rightful Eutopians have power now.  This world was saved.”  Her lips didn’t move, but her voice was soft like a gentle breeze in my head.  “Your work here is done, Atlantian.”
I shook my head at her words as she quickly faded into the underbrush along with the rest of her tribe.  She’d called me Atlantian, is that what I was?  I didn’t know and gazed up at Quil who patiently sat beside me.
“So…what are you going to do, princess?”  He smiled crookedly at me.
“Do I have a choice?”  I snatched some daisies and plucked the petals from them throwing them to the ground like confetti.
“Everyone has choices.”  He shrugged his shoulders and picked a brilliant blue daisy just beginning to open and tucked it behind my ear.  “The flowers that grow here aren’t usually that blue, it’s an oddity and though it made Eutopia beautiful for a short while, it won’t ever bloom that blue again.”
I plucked the flower from my ear and looked at it.  Quil was right it was bluer than all the rest.  “Am I that flower?”  I lifted my eyes to him.
He shrugged his shoulders.  “It survived and did well, but it may not survive to bloom that color next year or the year after.  But, there is always that chance that it could.”
I put the flower behind my ear again and smiled at him.  “You don’t make this easy.”
“I’m not making it hard.  I’m just showing you your options.”
I looked around at the serene landscape wanting to know more about everything Eutopian, but something far away and growing in strength grew in the back of my head until my ears rang.
“Emily, you’ve got to wake up!”  Ian’s pleading voice erupted in my head.
I covered my ears and closed my eyes.  When I opened them I was staring up at a creamy white ceiling.  Even though I was lying down, I felt the bed I was on spinning.  I closed my eyes again and opened them hoping I was just dreaming and I would be back with Quil in Eutopia.  All I could see was the white ceiling and then Ian standing over me eating an apple.
“She’s up!”  Ian yelled a little too loud.  “Caleb, she awake.”  He stepped away as I covered my eyes with my hands.
“Do you have to be so loud?”  I sent Ian a message as loud as I could.
“Sorry,” he said kneeling beside me as Caleb lifted the blanket and my shirt up.
“Hey,” I said trying to pull the blanket back.
“Don’t move too much, I was up all last night watching for bleeding.”  He ignored me and touched my stomach which was tender even to his delicate touch.  “Still pretty sore,” he said gazing at it along with Ian.
“Twenty-seven stiches,” Ian confirmed.
“What,” I asked.
“That’s how many stiches it took to close you up and there was blood all over the plane.  Claire’s cleaning that up along with Alice.”
I looked between Caleb and Ian.  “Claire, Alice, Jimmy…are they alright?  I mean is everyone here and safe?”
“What about me?”  Ian moved aside to let Gabe sit beside me.
I smiled at him as he laced his fingers through mine.  My thoughts drifted to Quil and what he’d said to me.  Though I wanted to run in the wild lands of Eutopia and visit the Crystal City, I knew now where my home was.  I looked up at Gabe as something blue sitting on the nightstand caught my eye.  Gabe took notice of what I was looking at and grabbed the tiny vase holding a brilliant blue daisy.
“Where’d you get that?”  I asked in a whisper.
“Quil said it was Eutopian tradition to give someone flowers when their hurt or sick to help them get better.  He said it’s something to do with the vibes or something it gives off…I don’t know, something like that.”  He twirled it around, shrugged his his shoulders, then put it back smiling at me.  “It’s pretty, and I think the only one blooming in Alice’s garden like that.”
“Where’s Quil?”  I asked wanting to know and not wanting to know.
“He left as soon as we got here.  With the Wall gone Eutopia is a mess and Quil’s tribe is slowly gaining control.  Ian made a portal for him to pass through.”
“Is he coming back or can we go there?”  I asked.
“Well, not right now, but maybe in the future.  The Alliance is meeting and new rules are being made.  There is the possibility of a portal room in one of the vaults and Ian,” Gabe pointed back at Ian as he sat in the chair eating another apple.  “Ian may be in charge of it or at least one of the ones in charge of it.”
I looked up at the ceiling as tears stung the back of my eyes for reasons I didn’t even understand myself.
“Em,” Gabe said taking notice of my tearing eyes.
Gently he dabbed them away with his thumb and peered down at me with concern.  What’s wrong?”  He whispered.
I glanced at the flower quickly then back at Gabe.  His grey eyes now more blue and his hair in perfect gold waves surrounded his perfect face.  I reached with my white hand and touched it as he covered his hand over mine.
“Nothing,” I replied.  “I think I’m finally home.”
I tilted my head up and gazed at the flower and then back at Gabe knowing I really was home.
The next two weeks my life existed within the four walls of the bedroom.  My mother stayed with me every night and we talked until I fell asleep.  She told about her life in Eutopia and how she took a piece of the Wall’s power hoping to destroy it by leading the glass people away from Eutopia.  She had Ian’s father contain the magic into the amulet.  She knew Ian was my half-brother and she avoided the subject when I tried to talk about Morwen, Ian’s and my father.  I didn’t want to push her since we had our pasts to catch up on.  
“I knew one day it would find you.”  She gazed at me while running her fingers through my hair.  “The amulet had a connection to me and I knew when you had it.  I was overjoyed that day.”
“What was it like—I mean connected to the amulet?”  I asked and she drew in a breath looking away for a moment.
“Very dark,” she said gazing back at me.  “You were a light to me when I thought of giving up.”
“But Ulric said he killed you.”
“Ulric was easily tricked,” she said flatly.  “He thought I was dead, but he never dealt with an Unseen.  We’re like cockroaches—hard to kill and a disgusting way to put it, but I had to let him think I was dead.”
My eyes were growing heavy and my mother’s gentle touch was soothing as she ran her delicate fingers over my temple.  It was getting late, and the light in the room was dim, making her hair glow like she was an angel.
“I didn’t want to leave you,” she said suddenly as if that thought had escaped her lips.  “It was the last thing I wanted.”
“It’s alright,” I said trying to sooth her.
“No, it isn’t, Emily.”
“But, I’m here now and I’m here with you.  No one can take that away.”
She shook her head.  “Look at you trying to calm your mother.  It should be the other way around.”
I smiled at her.  “All I want is you and now I’ve got you.  The past doesn’t matter—you can’t change it.”
She shook her head and smiled.  “How did you get so wise?”
I shrugged my shoulders not really thinking I was wise.  “I don’t know…genetics.”  
My mom smiled and then laughed.
“Maybe you’re right.”  
The last thing I remember before falling asleep was her warm kiss on my forehead—I finally got my first good night kiss and for the first time, I fell asleep with a smile on my face.
Despite the hundreds of times I asked about Alicia—she was still in the fountain of youth and I knew Claire had the responsibility now to get her out.  
“Claire might need my help,” I said quickly as Caleb helped me sit up.
“No, she doesn’t.”  His green eyes flashed at me and I knew he was getting tired of my reasons to leave.
“But I can help her…I am a Receptor you know.”  I continued anyhow.
“And what will happen if you use all of your strength and shrible up?  Then what?  How are Zach and I to fix that?” 
I looked at his serious face and then let out a deep laugh that made my belly hurt.
“If you’re going to help anyone, help yourself first by getting up and walking around.”
“Can we at least go outside?” I asked as he held me by my arm.
“Too far, we’ll just stick to the house.”
The house was empty and Caleb and I walked to the living room.
“Are you going back?”
“To Eutopia?”
I shook my head as Caleb looked at the floor as we walked by the window.
“I’m not sure,” he said.  “I want to, but there really isn’t anything there for me.  My mother is gone and most of her kind had been killed when the Wall was expanding.”  We stood in front of the window gazing out.  “Besides, I like it here and Alice is a wonderful cook.  Her and I have become chums and thinking of opening a restaurant in Port Blue.”
I looked at him with raised eyebrows.
“Really, I’m serious.  It’s been a dream of hers for a long time and I can say a dream of mine as well.”
“You wanted to open a restaurant in Eutopia?”  I raised my eyebrows higher in disbelief.
“I can tell by the look on your face you don’t take me serious,” he said turning to me.  “Yes, it has, but in Eutopia things like that didn’t exist—I thought I was being revolutionary and I guess I was just behind other worlds.”
Caleb crossed his arms and gazed out the window.
“I think it would’ve been a revolutionary idea in Eutopia,” I said.
“Now you’re just trying to make me feel better.”  He shifted his neon eyes to me.
“Is it working?”
He smiled.  “Yes, I have to say it is.”
Just then the door opened catching me off guard.  Abe, Jimmy and Karinna along with Alice came in and they were talking all at once.
“I’m telling you the portal room is a good idea,” Jimmy said following his brother to the kitchen.
“I’m not saying it isn’t a good idea, but after the risk of the glass people and how close Atlantis came to being destroyed by them,” Abe leaned on a chair gazing at his brother, “it’s just too soon to start such a big endeavor.”  
“Troll spit!”  Jimmy spat out and then looked at his brother.  “That’s how the Alliance used to think and if you wait too long look what happens…other worlds will gladly come in and take over.  The Alliance is making a right move.  Portals were always controlled by them and I think supervision is wise, but also independent involvement is needed.  We are a strong world, always have been, but we can easily get passed up if not invaded.”
Jimmy stood with crossed arms peering steadily at his brother.  Abe let out a worried sigh as Karinna came up behind him.
“The Alliance is right, Abe and so is James.”  Her voice was soothing even to me.  She ran her fingers over his greying hairline.  “Come and rest, you worry too much.”
Karinna lead him down the hallway while talking to him privately.  He had a distant, drawn out appearance to him.
“Ah, Em,” Jimmy’s voice boomed.  “You’re looking better.”
He came over and smiled at me.  “You look hungry though.  I know I’m hungry.”
“I’ll make some lunch,” Alice was already getting pots and pans out and lighting her gas oven.
“And I’ll help,” Caleb said with raised finger joining Alice.
“So, how are you doing?”  Abe asked sitting down on the couch as he motioned for me to join him.
“I’m better,” I replied.
“No, I mean, how do you like it here?”
I gazed at him for a moment just as the door opened again and I was greeted by Gabe’s blue eyes tinged more with grey.  Something was wrong—I could tell by their color.
Ian and Zach held Claire up by her arms.  She was pale, even her hair appeared dull.  Her usual upbeat personality that could easily be seen by just looking at her, was gone.  She didn’t look at me as I watched Ian and Zach take her down the hallway.
Gabe sat by me and forced a smile.
“Alicia—how are we going to get her out?”  I asked as Gabe took my hands.
“Don’t worry about that now...they’ve got it handled.”  Abe said lying through his teeth.  “You’re supposed to be taking care of yourself.”  His words had a parental tone to them.  
“I can’t, knowing one of my friends is in trouble.”
“Rasmus, David and Pandora went to call upon the Alfheim to help.”  Gabe announced.
Jimmy shook his head and rolled his eyes.  “Does the leader of the Blackbird clan know about this?”
“Does he ever know what we do?”
Jimmy let out a sigh and stood up as Thomas came in the door.  Their eyes met in surprise.
“Thomas,” Alice said taking notice of him.  “Why don’t you and your father go to Port Blue and get me some lemons.  I know they’ve got some just in from earth.”  She handed him some silver coins and gave him a kiss on the cheek and then nodded to Jimmy.
Thomas looked back at his father and smiled.  “Do you want to walk or take horses?”
“Well,” he said.  “The walk would probably do me better and I’m sure the horses would be relieved that I did walk instead.”  He rubbed his large belly.  “Alice your cooking is too good and now you’re making walk to get more food.  How in all Atlantis am I to get back into shape?”
“Your shape is fine,” she said.  “Now go or lunch will turn into supper.”  She shooed them towards the door.
“Have I told you about the vaults of Port Blue yet?”  Jimmy asked Thomas as he opened the door for them.
Thomas gazed at him for a moment then smiled.  “No,” he said.
“It’s a long story.  We’d better take the scenic route.”  Jimmy motioned for Thomas to go.  “Be back in a little.”  He announced shutting the door.
“Alright,” Alice said as I watched her cut up a lemon.
Rain had set in and I spent most of the time resting, which I was getting tired of or looking out the window.  Gabe and the rest of the Blackbirds were working feverishly with the Alliance in trying to set up new rules and laws concerning portals to other worlds.  
Alicia was still in the fountain of youth and David, Rasmus and Pandora still haven’t returned.  Jimmy said with the storms it would probably delay them.  I tried to talk to Claire many times, but she just huddled in her room, silent and withdrawn.  Even Karinna couldn’t reach her.  I tried yelling at Claire telling her snap out of it because Alicia needed her.  It was no use, Claire just tucked herself away and I didn’t know what to do for her.
 “The rain stopped, I want to show you something,” Gabe said with flushed cheeks.  I’d never seen that happen to him and wondered what he wanted to show me.
Caleb and Zach released me from my house confinement and I got dressed in a long, nubby, cream colored sweater coat and a pair of knee high leather boots.  I followed Gabe with his hand in mine through the garden to a hidden point overlooking Port Blue and the Sanudra Ocean.
We stood facing one another with the sound of the waves could barely be heard, but seen.  They looked like an artist had spilt a thousand shades of blue and colored the water with them.  The wind blew gently just enough to make Gabe’s hair flutter.  I smiled at him.
“It’s beautiful—I love it.”  I said thinking this is what he wanted to show me.
He looked out to the ocean and smiled before setting his stormy blue eyes on me.
“Remember when we were with the Alfheim and talking to the Empress?” Gabe asked and I nodded.  “She spoke of my mother and…”  He lowered his head.
“Gabe its ok,” I said taking his hands in mine realizing what he wanted to show or more like tell me about his mother. 
“She died chasing after my dog and at the time she was pregnant.  It wasn’t her that just died, I lost a sibling that day—one that I’ll never know.”  I tightened my hold on his hands as tears stung the back of my eyes.  “Don’t cry Em, it was a long time ago and believe me, Abe made me talk about it.  I don’t dwell on it like I used to and I know it wasn’t my fault.  I spent a long time blaming myself…I… I just wanted you to know.” His voice was steady and calm and I 
could see in his eyes that he did have a hold on things as long as it was under his terms.
“I just couldn’t talk about it then…it…it came up unexpectedly.  And I wanted to tell you when we were alone.”
I intertwined my fingers through his like a vigorously growing vine and leaned closer until I rested my head on his chest listening to the rhythm of his heart.  
“Gabe, I’m so sorry.” Gabe loosened his hand and tugged at my chin until our eyes met.
His eyes were blue now, nearly matching the water that framed our serene landscape.
“I want to give you something.”  His voice was barely a whisper.
He pulled from his pocket a necklace with an oval shaped stone that was the brightest blue I’ve ever seen.  Gabe let it dangle in the air like a spider and it caught the light twinkling like a star.
“It was my mothers,” Gabe stated looking at it.  “I didn’t want it at first because I wanted to forget my past and everything that happened when I got here.  Abe made me keep it and said if anyone should come into my life that filled my emptiness, that I should give it to them,” he said holding it in front of me.  “I love you Emily Moore and weather you feel the same way, you’ve filled my emptiness that I’ve had vacant for too long.”
“Oh, Gabe,” I said flickering my eyes from the pendant to him.  “It’s beautiful and what you said…no one has ever said anything like that before to me.”  I smiled at him.  “I love you too,” I said quietly in fear that the wind would carry my 
words away and I didn’t want anyone else to savor them, except for Gabe at this one moment. 
“Plus, I know you have a thing for jewelry, especially old antique kind,” he said with a shrug of his shoulders and in a playful tone.
I shook my head, lifted my hair and turned around.  “Just put it on before I change my mind.”
Chapter Eleven
 “You have to concentrate and if you’re going to learn, you have to listen,” Liam’s voice was stern as he stood over Claire who was sitting on the ground beside the pool that contained Alicia.
She looked the same as the day she entered the fountain of youth.  Her skin was the same shade and her hair fanned out around her still face.
“Why can’t you do it?”  Claire stared at Alicia with fear.
Liam drew in a deep breath and knelt beside her.  “It works best when the Alfheim undoing the spell knows the person involved.  Believe me, the outcome is better.”  He pulled Claire up by the shoulders and talked quietly to her.
“She can do it,” I said quietly standing in front of Gabe looking up at him over my shoulders.
“Of course she can.  She just lacks confidence and none of us can give it to her.”  Pandora stood beside me with crossed arms and dressed in a glittering green gown with a matching pin in her hair.  “Believe me, I tried all last night.”
Liam was still talking to Claire and they walked around the stones as he pointed to each one with instruction.  Ian sat a ways away, as he always does. 
I let go of Gabe’s hand and walked over to him waving my hand at Gabe to not follow.
Ian’s blue eyes met mine and then shifted back to Claire.
“She needs you, she needs your strength.”
“I’m not strong,” he said in my head.
“Yes, you are and Claire needs you right now.  Go to her.”  I tried to not sound demanding.
Ian let out a sigh and continued watching her.
“You’re hopeless,” I said leaving Ian and back to Gabe’s arms.
Liam had Claire start at the foot stone and touch it as she chanted.  She then went to the next one and the next one as Liam walked behind her chanting as well.  Soon Pandora joined in chanting from the sidelines and watching with a smile as Claire with shaking knees went by each stone extinguishing the light it emitted.  
Now only five stones remained and the water slowly began to sparkle until I could hardly see Alicia.  I could see Claire’s arms shake and a few times she could barely get up.  I looked over at Ian and watched him look eagerly on.  I wanted to send him a message, but didn’t.  He needed to do this on his own.
Suddenly, Claire lowered herself to the ground and gasped as she chanted. Liam knelt next to her vigorously chanting trying to encourage her up.  

I leaned forward wanting to help when from the shadows Ian whisked over grabbing her other hand.  Claire, still chanting, looked up at him with her weak eyes that suddenly began to sparkle.  I tightened my fingers around Gabe’s and watched as Ian held Claire’s other hand until all the stones were out and the pool of water faded into a glittering mist.
Claire stepped aside as Ian wrapped his arms around her and Liam parted the mist with his hands.  Alicia was still, like she was just sleeping on the ground.  Zach ran up to her but was stopped by Liam.
“No, give her time.”  Liam looked down at Alicia and began to walk around her waving his hand gracefully in the air and over Alicia.  
I saw Liam’s mouth move, but no words came out.  Zach stood by looking eagerly on and kept glancing between Liam and Alicia.  He could hardly hold himself back when suddenly Alicia twitched and gasped for air.  She rolled to her side as Zach knelt next to her pulling her into his arms.  Liam stepped back and watched for a moment before walking towards us.
“The stones I’m taking,” he said gazing steadily at Gabe who nodded with agreement.
“I know they were yours and not supposed to be in the Port Blue vault.  They’re Alfheim made and should be with you.”  Gabe nodded his head towards them.  “Do you want a crate to put them in?”
Liam pressed back slightly, looking surprised with mouth hanging open slightly.  “No, we’ve come prepared.”  He nodded as Rasmus came and placed his hand hard on Liam’s shoulder startling him.
“Are you ready?”  He asked.
“Yes, just about,” Liam said looking between Gabe and Rasmus.
“David has the ship ready—are you sure you don’t mind taking the long route?”
“Wait, David is going with you?  Where are you going?”  I asked with a smile from Rasmus.
“We decided to travel Atlantis—all of it, and bond in brotherly love.”  Rasmus waved his hands out with a smile.  “Oh, and David wanted tell you thank you—for everything.”
I shook my head.  “Why didn’t he tell me himself?”
Rasmus smiled.  “Because he wants to be a pirate, like me and if he returned to the ship all red-eyed and blubbering…well, let’s just say that wouldn’t be a good start for starting a reputation.”  He stepped closer.  “He’s very thankful though for believing in him.”  Rasmus’s voice was noble as he bowed slightly.  “And if you ever need us, you have our services.”
I nodded my head hoping I really never did need their services—whatever that consisted of.
  “Please do hurry, I want to go before it gets too dark,” Rasmus turned to Liam.  “My lady,” he said with a twist of his hand and then was gone.  
Liam nodded to Rasmus who faded into the underbrush towards Port Blue.
Liam then turned back to Gabe and bowed slightly.  “You’ll make a fine leader of the Blackbirds Gabe Fairchild and one I hope to work with in the future.” 

We watched him leave as Pandora let out a whistle.  “Wow, he practically invited you to bed with him!”  She laughed.  “I’ve never heard an Alfheim say anything like that before.  Well, you’ve better hold up on that because I wouldn’t want to go to war with them.”  She shook her head going over to Alicia who stood up with Zach’s arm wrapped around her.  
“Pandora’s right,” I said turning to Gabe.  “You’ll make a good leader.”

A month can go by quickly when you’re in paradise.  Gabe is learning how to be a leader and hopefully within the next year, he will be inducted to the Alliance.  My mom and I are starting to talk more, but things go slowly and someday I know she’ll tell me more about her life in Eutopia.  Alicia gained her strength back and is the same girl that I’ve always known though now she smiles more and started making stained glass windows again, just like the ones at the mansion at Kangee.  She’s working with Ian to make glass portals for the new portal room at the vaults in Port Blue.  David sends messages telling us where he’s at and spent a lot of time with the Mers before returning Liam back to his home.  The Alliance gave the box containing the amulet to Pandora for her keeping since the vaults of Meropsis were being revamped.
Claire and Ian are going slow at their friendship and I’ve caught them holding hands from time to time.  Jimmy, Alice and Thomas are knitting slowly into the family they once were creating new memories to replace the old.  Karinna is planning for Abe’s retirement and trying to get him to join her in her homelands away from the Alliance and the responsibilities that he’ll always feel are his.  Zach and Alicia are the same couple they’ve always been—Zach teases Alicia and Alicia gets mad, but it usually ends with a kiss.  Caleb is still with us and happier than ever with Alice and him trying to find a spot in Port Blue to open a restaurant.  Jimmy and Thomas are even helping and slowly without them realizing it, they’re becoming a family.
I wear the pendant that Gabe gave me every day as a reminder of how important he is to me and I to him.  It is a magnificent shade of blue that twinkles back at me and shifts with many shades.
“What are you doing out here?”  Gabe said behind me.  “Alice and Caleb made another dish they want us to try.  It involves fish,” he said wrinkling his forehead.
“It’s alright, I’m learning to looovvvee fish,” I said with a smile as I wrapped my arms around Gabe’s neck and gave him a long kiss.
“Glad you kissed me before eating the fish,” he said twisting his fingers through mine. 
“I’m nice that way,” I replied pulling him closer through the garden.
“Really Em, we should get in there, Alicia’s hungry and she gets nasty when she is.”  I pulled Gabe through the underbrush until we reached the tiny point overlooking the now lit Port blue. 
Small dots of yellow lights flickered in the town and the horizon still burned with slowly fading colors of reds, gold and oranges. I pulled Gabe close to me and without a word I kissed him as something pulled at the back of my head.
I pulled away from Gabe and looked around at the slowly encroaching darkness.
“What’s wrong?”  Gabe asked.
I let my gaze flow through the trees feeling something was there.  “Nothing, just thought I heard something.”  I turned back to Gabe, smiled and started to kiss him again.
I could always get lost in his kisses, like it was an instant vacation, but something this time bothered me.  I could feel eyes on us that could penetrate the darkness with topaz colored light.  
I pushed the thought away and concentrated on Gabe running my hand over his strong arms and him running his fingers up and down my spine just like the tiny crabs that run from the beach to the crashing waves. 
Suddenly, I could feel the eyes burning stronger and coming closer.  I pulled away from Gabe’s kiss and peered into the darkness.  Everything was still and then, slowly, I could see two points of glowing light.
“Em, what’s wrong?’  Gabe asked as I stepped away from him and towards the lights.
They intensified and I ran towards them with Gabe yelling at me as he followed.  I reached the garden and stopped to catch my breath.
“What are you doing?  Am I that bad of a kisser now?”  Gabe tried to be funny.
“I saw something in the woods.” I turned to him.  “Two lights that looked like—eyes,” I said trying not to think they belonged to Quil.
“I can see them too.”  Gabe smiled as I wrinkled my forehead.
“You can?”
“Yeah, they’re right behind you,” he said pointing to the several amber glowing solar lights that Alice seemed to have an addiction to since her garden looked like a runway for planes.
I put my hand to eyes and moaned.  “I’m stupid,” I announced to Gabe.
“Yeah, but you’re my stupid.”  He wrapped his arms around me and finished his kiss.
I let his kiss take me away when something tugged at the back of my head again.  Whatever it was, was relentless.  I shooed it away like a fly until it buzzed so loud I had to pay attention to it.
“Princess,” it said and then like a speeding car, was gone.
About the Author
M.M. Gavillet lives in west central Illinois with her husband, two children, one dog, three cats, several ducks and two demanding guinea pigs where she drinks more tea than any sane person should and likes to play in the dirt planting flowers.  She has been spinning stories since she was little, but only recently discovered her passion for writing.
Watch for new releases and excerpts from her books or see what she’s up to at
mmgavillet.blogspot.com
