

By
Angela Townsend

Clean Teen Publishing
This is a work of fiction. The characters, incidents, and dialogues are products of the author’s imagination and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Copyright © 2013 by: Angela Townsend

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews. For information address:

Clean Teen Publishing
PO Box 561326
The Colony, TX 75056

www.cleanteenpublishing.com

~Smashwords Edition~

Thank you for downloading this ebook. It remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.




For more information about our content disclosure,
please utilize the QR code above with your smart phone or visit us at
www.CleanTeenPublishing.com.

To my family who taught me to go after my dreams
To my sons, Grant and Levi who taught me that love is endless
To Milton Datsopoulos and Diane Larsen who taught me the value of friendship
And to
Dale McGarvey
Who taught me to never give up.

Chapter 1: The Company of Kings
Chapter 2: Island of Druids
Chapter 3: Eye of the Cat
Chapter 4: Tomb of the Kings
Chapter 5: Street of the Dead
Chapter 6: The Well of Eternal Youth
Chapter 7: The Black Dragon
Chapter 8: Fingal’s Cave
Chapter 9: The Hall of Kings
Chapter 10: Protected Passage
Chapter 11: The Hall of the Banshee
Chapter 12: The Hall of Merrows
Chapter 13: Rest at Last
Chapter 14: The Journey
Chapter 15: A Lesson in Giants
Chapter 16: The Floating Market
Chapter 17: Zephandale
Chapter 18: An Equal Trade
Chapter 19: City of the Dead
Chapter 20: Homecoming
Acknowledgements
About the Author
Coming Soon
More CTP Books


1


New York City, 2013
Gloomy shadows crept across the tired oak floor, stealing what little light peered in through a set of stained glass windows. A dying fire crackled in the corner, its golden embers fading as quickly as the old man who lay near it. 
Angus MacBain stood at the foot of his grandfather’s four-poster bed, his hope slipping away with every rattling exhale from the old man’s lungs. Cocooned in a series of heavy plaid blankets bearing the family tartan, Duncan MacBain struggled to free a withered hand. He motioned for his grandson to come closer. Angus took a few stumbling steps, sank to his knees, and grasped the thin hand in his.
Duncan raised his head from the pillow. His eyes seemed to glow in the dimness of the bedroom. Gnarled fingers pressed something hard and bulky into Angus’ palm, then closed his hand around it and squeezed. The object cut into the boy’s flesh, but he didn’t try to pull away. 
“You’re thirteen now, almost a man. You’ve got to be brave. Remember, you’re a MacBain.” The old man inhaled another ragged breath. “The arrangements have already been made. There will be no funeral. I’m sending you to Scotland—to Iona. You must leave now.” His grandfather’s steely eyes pinned Angus to the floor. “Strange things will happen—things that—just be careful, lad.”
“No, I won’t go. Not without you.” He buried his head in his grandfather’s chest. Angus’ throat constricted like a drawstring jerked tight. Tears sprang to his eyes. 
“Don’t cry for me, laddie. I’ll be in the company of kings.” 
With that, Duncan MacBain heaved his final breath.
Angus squeezed his eyes shut. After a weary moment, he opened them to gaze at his grandfather’s motionless body. With the tension removed from the old Scotsman’s features, he looked relaxed, at peace. Even so, a bitter rush of sadness swept through Angus and the hole in his heart his grandfather had filled when his parents died, now returned. Angus’ chest tightened. Every breath seemed to take more effort than it was worth.
The palm of his hand throbbed. He unclenched his fist and examined an amulet attached to a heavy chain. It looked old, perhaps even ancient, with a silver long-tailed dragon clutching a purple thistle in its talons. Words scribed in a foreign language glistened on its wings.
His father had worn a dragon amulet. Angus frowned trying to remember what it looked like. Did it also have a thistle? Could it be the same one? He’d been so young when his father died, he couldn’t remember. He slipped it around his neck, the amulet warm against his chest.  
“I’ll take care of it,” Angus whispered. “I promise.” 
Angus made his way down the narrow hallway to Grandfather’s study. An antique clock ticked solemnly on the mantel. Without grandfather, the room seemed so different. Barren. Unfriendly. Cold. He fell into a cushy gray recliner that always reminded him of elephant skin and let it swallow him. Maybe if he just closed his eyes for a few moments, he’d wake up and it would have all been some kind of terrible dream. But no matter how he tried he couldn’t keep his eyes shut. 
His gaze traveled over the towering bookcases lining the walls, filled with ancient volumes bound by his grandfather’s hands. Silent rows of books stared back at him, like leather corpses resting in their tombs. On a nearby workbench, marbled scraps of leather, paste, and a rounding hammer gathered around a dusty press. 
Angus’ throat burned. He’d never be his grandfather’s apprentice again, never help him repair old books about castles, dragons, and other tales. 
Now he had no one, except Grandfather’s nurse, Vera. Even though she was very nice, he barely knew her. 
Angus shuffled down the hallway to his lonely room and packed his things. He made sure he had his games and the favorite collection of vampire tales his grandfather had bound for him. He flopped onto his twin bed and glanced at his watch. Angus’ heart twisted. Very soon, Nurse Vera would take him to the airport and he’d fly to a strange place he’d only heard stories about. 
Angus scanned his bedroom for the last time, memorizing every detail so he’d never forget. Bare spots on the wall stared back at him, places where his Dracula posters once hung. In a fit of misery, he’d torn them down and ripped them to shreds. 
There was no such thing as vampires and other magical creatures. Life wasn’t about fairy tales, only heartache, despair, and death. 
Angus narrowed his eyes. If only death were a living thing—he’d destroy it. Make it suffer for ripping away all the people in his life that had loved him. Rage and frustration twisted inside of him. 
Angus grabbed an antique sword hanging on his bedroom wall and stabbed it into the center of his mattress. Sparks flew from the bed. Celtic swirls carved into the handle of the sword started to spin. A banging sound hammered into his head like being trapped in a giant bell. He fell to his knees, covering his ears. The noise died down and a voice broke into his head.
“Are you all right, Dear?” 
Angus uncovered his ears and peered up at Nurse Vera. She never called him by name just, “Dear.” Nurse Vera glanced at her watch. “I’ll help you pack your things, then it’s off to the airport with you.” Nurse Vera placed a hand on Angus’ forehead. “You look so tired and it’s such a long flight. Promise me you’ll try to get some rest on the plane, Dear.”  
Angus nodded. He waited for Nurse Vera to see the sword and scold him for messing with something so dangerous, but she just stood there, her eyes filled with concern. Angus glanced at the bed to look at the sword—but the sword was gone.
****
Angus stood in the cold terminal of the airport, turned and waved goodbye to Nurse Vera who was dabbing the corners of her eyes with a pink hankie. She lifted her chin, forced a smile, and nodded goodbye. 
Angus’ heart sank as he boarded the plane, clutching his ticket stub in one hand and his Game Slayer in the other. Even though his heart felt like a giant sinking stone, he couldn’t stop thinking about the sword. How it had made his hand ache, the strange ringing in his ears, the way it suddenly vanished. Grandfather had told him it was a replica of a real sword used by the MacBain’s in battle. A weapon made of ancient iron, forged by great men and capable of slicing through a human body with a single swipe. 
Angus shuddered and buckled his seatbelt. He pulled it tight and checked it twice. He’d never flown in an airplane before and no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t stop thinking about all the horrible things that could go wrong. 
Minutes later the plane rumbled down the runway. Angus squeezed the arms of his seat and held his breath as they lifted into the air. When the aircraft leveled out, he inhaled several deep breaths and looked around. The plane was half full, a mix of businessmen and old people. Thankfully, the seat next to his remained empty. He didn’t feel like talking, especially to a stranger. 
The plane suddenly dropped, then jerked upright and shook like a car speeding over a bumpy road. Angus clamped his eyes shut and his stomach lurched. 
“Won’t do you much good closing your eyes,” a bossy voice said. “It won’t stop the plane from crashing.” 
Startled, Angus sat upright. A skinny girl with curly blonde hair, stood next to him. Her eyes twinkled behind a pair of pink glasses with silver glitter around the frames. Angus’ cheeks burned with embarrassment. “I’ve never flown before. Guess I’m a little nervous.” 
“Oh, don’t worry. If we crash I’m sure you won’t feel a thing, unless your seat gets ripped out of the plane or something. I’d be sure you have some identification in your pocket so they know who you are…just in case.” She leaned forward and lowered her voice. “They don’t call an airport ‘the terminal’ for no reason.”
Angus gulped. 
The girl giggled. “Sorry, didn’t mean to scare you.” She pushed her glasses higher up onto the bridge of her nose. “I’ve flown loads of times. There’s really nothing to worry about. Where are you going?” 
“Scotland.”
“No kidding,” she teased. “Where in Scotland?”
“Vanora?” In the aisle three rows ahead, a middle-aged man wearing a tweed suit and wire spectacles motioned for the girl to return to her seat.
“Oops. Better go.” She wiggled two fingers in the air, then made her way to her seat.
After settling in next to the man, Vanora glanced over her shoulder and gave Angus a friendly smile. He smiled back, feeling a twinge of loneliness and the urge to see how firmly his seat was bolted to the floor. 
Angus stared out the little window. Anything to distract himself from the fear in the pit of his stomach. 
Fluffy clouds thick as marshmallows surrounded the wing, then dissipated into thin wisps. Off in the distance, a dark fog grew in size and rushed toward the plane. As it got closer, Angus realized it was flying black insects—hundreds of them. They swarmed into the engines. The jet sputtered and shook. One of the bugs smacked his window like a bullet. Angus jerked back. The creature wasn’t swept away on the fierce wind that must be passing the plane; somehow it clung to the glass. Worse still, the thing seemed to be staring at him. Glaring with rectangular- shaped eyes. Angry eyes. Its six-inch body appeared to be made of metal with needle-sharp legs. 
Almost as one the cloud of insects drew away from the engine housing, hovered a second—he could’ve sworn they were staring right at him—then retreated. A great ball of fire flared out of the engine. Thick smoke streamed from the wing. Angus snapped off his seatbelt and leapt to his feet, knocking his Game Slayer to the floor.
“Fire!” he yelled.
An old woman sitting four rows ahead, whirled around and gasped. All heads turned in his direction, staring, mouths open. 
A flight attendant ran to his side. Angus pointed out the window. She crouched over him and peered outside.
“What fire? I don’t see any fire.” She straightened up, smiled sympathetically, and ruffled his hair. “Maybe you just had a bad dream.”
“I wasn’t sleeping. I saw a swarm of insects attack the engine and then fire shot out of it. Didn’t you feel the plane shake?”
She shook her head and patted his arm. “I’m sure you’re just nervous.” She glanced up and down the aisle at the people staring at them. In a low voice she said, “Sit down and relax. You’re scaring the other passengers.”  
Angus sat down, picked up his Game Slayer and stared out the window again. The wing and engine appeared normal. The insects were nowhere in sight. Where could they have gone? 
The lights dimmed inside the cabin and the flight attendant handed him a boxy pillow and a small, cotton blanket. Angus stuffed the pillow behind his head and snuggled under the thin material. It didn’t cover him very well, but most blankets didn’t. He’d always been big for his age, which made things hard at school. Kids could be such jerks. Always poking fun and running away before he could catch them. 
Angus tried to fall asleep, but worries kept rolling over in his mind. Was he seeing things? First the sword and then the insects. His gut knotted. And what about the people at his grandfather’s estate? Would they like him? Grandfather had spoken of a great aunt, whom neither of them had ever met. She had married his grandfather’s brother, who mysteriously died the day after the wedding. Would she want to bother with some kid she didn’t even know? 
Angus closed his tired eyes, shutting it all out and fell into a restless sleep. 
****
“Good morning, friend,” a voice crooned. 
Angus yawned and peered out from under one eyelid. Across the aisle a strange man in a black cloak and purple vest gazed at him. He was tall and thin and, judging by the gray in his woolly beard and short-cropped hair, nearly as old as his grandfather. The man had a square jaw, a long thin nose, and intense green eyes the color of an artichoke.
“My name is Fane Vargovic.” He extended his hand across the aisle.
Angus stretched and tried to blink away the fuzziness in his head. “Nice to meet you,” he said, but before he could introduce himself, the man leaned forward, glaring at his neck.
The green eyes snapped. “May I see your dragon charm?”
Angus yanked back his hand, not liking the way the stranger licked his lips and stared at his amulet. “No, sorry, I never take it off.” 
“Well, fine. Be that way about it.” Fane crossed his legs and turned his back. 
For a moment, Angus felt bad for being so abrupt, but not a second later, the man swung around. His eyes twinkled. “I’ll give you ten Celtic coins for it.”
“Huh?”
“Ancient coins, for your amulet.”
“Uh…I don’t think so. It’s—”
An overpowering aroma, like fried onions, wafted around them. What was that horrid smell? As if reading his mind, Fane pulled a long chain of garlic bulbs from his pocket.
“I hunt vampires every summer. That’s why I carry garlic.” He wiggled the thing in the air. By this time, several other passengers were listening and snickering. Angus hunkered down in his seat, wishing he could disappear. 
“I really can’t afford to have one sneak up on me, you know,” Fane Vargovic continued. “Wouldn’t be good for business. Now back to that amulet, what will you take for it?”
“It-it was a gift,” Angus closed the palm of his hand over the dragon, holding it against his chest. “From my grandfather. I won’t sell it.” He looked out the window, avoiding eye contact with the strange man.
“Not even for the right price, Angus MacBain?”
Angus jolted upright. “How do you know my name?” 
Before the stranger could answer, the flight attendant came down the aisle pushing a silver cart full of snacks and drinks. Angus selected a package of pretzels and orange juice. By the time the cart moved out of the way, the man had vanished. Where did he go? Angus pulled apart the cellophane wrapping. Something was wrong. There was no comforting thump of the dragon charm against his chest. He reached inside his T-shirt—maybe it slipped down inside. Nothing. His amulet was gone. And so was the stranger. 
Angus leapt from his seat, sprinting down the aisle. He couldn’t have gotten off the plane. He had to be somewhere. 
“Good morning, this is the captain,” squeaked a voice from a ceiling speaker. “We will be reaching our final destination soon. Please fasten your seatbelts and remain seated until the plane has landed. Thank you.”
Angus returned to his seat feeling sick. His grandfather would have been so disappointed. He had entrusted the amulet to his care and now just hours later, he’d let someone steal it. 
“Looking for this?” a voice said behind him. Angus twisted around in his seat. The weird man now sat behind him, swinging his amulet back and forth like a pendulum. “If you don’t mind, I’ll keep it for you until we land.” 
Angus gritted his teeth. “I’d rather have it now.”
“Oh, very well, here you go.” Fane handed over the item with a regretful sigh. “No need to put up a big fuss. And you better look out, we’re coming in for a landing.” 
Angus snatched the pendant, inspected it to make sure it was the same one, and slipped it on. He glanced out the window. The plane flew low over glistening lochs, remote glens, and emerald fields. The aircraft slowed and lowered its landing gear with a thump. The wheels bumped along an asphalt strip. Angus stuffed his Game Slayer into his pocket and gripped the armrest. 
For the first time since Grandfather became ill, Angus felt a sense of excitement. He couldn’t wait to explore Scotland. During their time together, his grandfather had told him so many exciting stories about the land and his Iron Age ancestors. He made it sound mysterious and magical. Angus held one hand protectively around the amulet as he disembarked from the plane. 
“Onopordum acanthium,” the strange man whispered in Angus’ ear. 
Angus spun to face him. “What?”
“That means Scotch Thistle. Like the one on your amulet. Did you know the thistle was used by the early kings of Scotland as their personal heraldic crest? Legend has it that a Viking stepped on one at night and cried out, alerting the Scots to a sneak attack. Thistle has great medicinal properties too, but sadly it has no effect on vampires.”
“Have you ever seen one? A vampire, I mean.” 
“Of course. I wouldn’t be much of a vampire hunter if I hadn’t, now would I? There’s one in Aberdeen, so I am here to eradicate it, or perhaps relocate it.” Fane peered down at him. “Ready to go?” 
“Go where?”
“Iona, of course. Sorry, I forgot to mention that I’m your ride to the ferry, dear boy. I was hired by one Mrs. Prudence Finklestink-MacBain. Now that’s a mouthful isn’t it? And, I might add, a most unpleasant sort of woman. I do wish you luck with her. I’ve seen nicer personalities in the undead.” Fane surveyed the busy airport. “Now, somewhere is my luggage. I do hope they haven’t misplaced it. Can’t fight vampires if I don’t have the proper tools, now can I?”
Angus stared at Fane. Was he crazy? Or was he for real? For now it didn’t really matter. He needed a ride, but he’d keep his guard up. 
Gathering his suitcase, Angus followed Fane across the parking lot to an antique motorcycle. “Wow this thing is cool,” he said, examining the bike. “Is it safe?” 
Fane secured the luggage into a sidecar and handed Angus a helmet. He strapped it on, tucking in strands of black, curly hair. 
“Of course it is,” Fane said. “Now hop on.”
Angus climbed on behind Fane and the old man slipped on a pair of goggles, kick-started the motorcycle, and launched them into the busy street. They passed wool shops, seafood markets, pubs, restaurants, and misty moors, until they reached a single lane tarmac that weaved into the peaceful countryside. A cool breeze blew inside Angus’ helmet as he looked about in wonder. Grass, green as an apple-flavored Jolly Rancher, carpeted lush fields dotted with grazing sheep that looked like distant cotton balls. Ancient stone fences formed paddocks around the livestock, keeping them safely contained. 
After a few sharp corners, they slowed and stopped at a long pier jutting into a dense fog. A sign nailed to a post listed departure dates and times. Shrouded in a gray mist, a black and white ferry floated ghost-like at the end. Fane parked his motorcycle near the dock and Angus climbed off. The air was so thick with the smell of salt that he stuck his tongue out to see if he could taste it. Something passed by overhead and they both looked up. A fat crow swooped in low, made a sharp turn, and dove at Angus’ neck with its big wings slashing. He ducked, but not before the bird tugged at his amulet and flapped away. 
Angus groped his neck. Gone! A terrible wave of panic filled his stomach. High above, the big amulet dangled from the bird’s mouth. Angus picked up a baseball-sized rock and hurled it at the ugly crow. The stone struck the creature’s wing. The bird flopped to one side in mid-flight and hurtled to the ground like a dart. 
“You got him!” Fane shouted.
Angus ran to the crow and watched it get to its feet and limp away. Now he felt bad. He hadn’t really meant to hurt the poor bird. He just wanted his amulet back. Angus took a step closer. The bird turned and hissed. There was something odd about the crow. It had one blue eye and a black patch covering the other one. The bird hissed once more, then crouched and launched itself into the air. It circled twice, then flew off, abandoning the amulet on a patch of thistles. Angus carefully grabbed the chain and studied the dragon. It didn’t look as if it had been harmed in the fall. 
Fane patted Angus on the back. “Good shot, my boy.” 
“Thanks,” Angus said, keeping an eye on the sky.
Pulling an ornate pocket watch from his purple vest, Fane glanced at the time. “Better get on board the ferry or I’m afraid we’ll miss it.” Fane sighed. “That would be most unfortunate, because it would certainly shorten my vampire-hunting-budget. Not to mention putting a lot of folks at risk of a neck wound.” 
Angus secured the amulet around his neck and tucked it inside his shirt. He followed Fane down the pebbled beach to the dock. The sorrowful lapping against the gravelly beach reminded Angus how far he had traveled from the only home he had ever known. Dark clouds scudded across the fading sun. 
Fane gripped Angus’ shoulder. “Think of yourself as a warrior on a great adventure, my boy. Iona is one of the most sacred and beloved places in all of Scotland.”
Angus stood on the slipway looking across the narrow channel to the low-lying island of Iona, where ancient ruins nestled close by the shore. 

2


Angus sat on the hard wooden seat of the ferry. Crisp sea air rustled through his hair. Overhead, gray clouds glowed and paled like the forge of a Celtic blacksmith. He stared across the sound at the misty island. Ancient stone buildings protruded from treeless mounds of rock and rain-washed green that made up Iona. The sight reminded him of his grandfather’s stories of the history of the island.
“Even the rocks around Iona are older than the sea itself,” Duncan had told him. “Ancient kings of the early Gaelic Kingdom of Dál Riata lay in rest on the peaceful shores. None of the graves are identifiable now as wind and rain have chiseled them away. In later years other kings from Scotland, Ireland, France and Norway were laid to rest on this divine island as well.” 
Angus recalled his grandfather lowering his voice and staring at him in a peculiar way that still made him shiver. “Iona is a very special place,” his grandfather had said. “A holy place. Her ground is sacred. Someday you’ll see for yourself.”
“Hello again,” chirped a friendly voice. Angus turned to see Vanora, the girl from the plane. “What a coincidence!”
“What do you mean?” Angus asked.
Vanora dropped her backpack by his feet and plopped down next to him. “Running into you again. Even on such a small island, it’s easy to miss someone among all the tourists. What group are you with?” 
“I’m not a tourist. I’m going to live with my aunt.”
“Really? I know almost everyone on the island. Who’s your aunt?”
“Prudence MacBain. I’ve never met her, so I’m not sure what to expect.” 
Vanora gave Angus a sympathetic nod. “No offense, but she’s horrible.”
“Great.” Angus swallowed hard. “How do you know?”
“She hates kids. Boy, are you in for it. She runs people off her property with a pitchfork.”
Angus stared down at the deck. “Just my luck.”
Vanora smiled. “Don’t worry, you can hang out at my house. We live in England in the winter but spend our summers here. My father has loads of interesting stuff. He’s a cryptozoologist.”
“A what?”
“A cryptozoologist. He studies all kinds of weird and mysterious creatures. That’s why we come to Iona. The island is ancient, full of mystery, and the oldest burial site in Scotland.” 
“Maybe he ought to study my traveling companion.” Angus pointed at Fane, who stood at the bow of the ship, staring wistfully at the approaching island. “He’s pretty strange.”
“I’ve never seen him before,” Vanora whispered. “You’re right though, he does look a little odd, especially with all that hair on his face.”
“I know what you mean,” Angus said. The first time I saw him I didn’t know if he was wearing a beard or eating a muskrat.”
Vanora giggled, grabbed her backpack, and stood. “I better help my father with the luggage. Look me up when you get settled.”
“Thanks. If my aunt’s as bad as you say, I might need a place to hide out.”
Fane came up behind him, cupped his hands around his mouth and yelled into Angus’ ear, “All ashore that’s going ashore.”
Angus jumped, and wriggled his finger in his ear. “Do you have to yell?”
“Sorry, bad habit. I’m not used to young people. Vampires are quite deaf, centuries old in fact. Most have sawdust in their ears. Keeps the bugs out.”
Angus wrinkled his nose. “Yuk.”
“I see the young lady from the plane is here.”
Angus glanced at Vanora, standing by her father at the rail. “Yeah, it’s kind of weird bumping into her again.”
Fane stroked his beard. “Not necessarily. Don’t you believe?”
Angus shrugged. “In what?”
“In destiny.”
“I don’t know, I guess,” Angus said.
Fane gripped his shoulder. “It’s good that you’ll have a friend here, especially in times of trouble.”
“What trouble?” 
The old man ignored him and plucked a piece of garlic from around his neck. He popped it into his mouth and leaned inches from Angus’ face. “Care for a snack? I have plenty.” 
Angus stepped back. “No thanks, and can you breathe the other way? You’re bleaching my hair.”
Fane popped another piece into his mouth. “All right, but don’t blame me if you get hungry later.” 
The ship’s engine geared down to a rumbling idle. An iron ramp lowered onto a concrete slab at the foot of the island. Passengers disembarked, careful to mind the puddles of ocean seeping between the ramp and the shore. To the right stood a metal rack filled with bicycles, some shiny and others rust-coated. There was even a unicycle propped to one side.
A loud ticking jolted Angus’ attention from the island. Fane pulled a tiny typewriter from his vest pocket and set it in the palm of his hand. Paper flowed from the machine as it hammered out a long message. 
“What is that?” 
“Urgent Telegraph,” Fane said, tearing off a two-foot long section of paper. He put the gadget away, read the message to himself, and sighed. “Here’s where we part company, my dear boy. Vampire alert near Edinburgh. Hope you have a pleasant stay. At least as pleasant as possible in the company you’ll be forced to keep.” Fane tugged out his pocket watch, rubbed the face, and studied the time. “She’ll be along shortly.” He clucked in sympathy while shaking Angus’ hand. “Too bad for you, my boy.” He reached into his pocket and handed Angus a business card. “Pleasure meeting you and don’t hesitate to contact me if you need anything.” 
Slipping the card into his front pocket, Angus watched Fane re-board the ferry. He gave Angus a low bow and yelled. “Take care of that dragon charm.” 
“I will. Thanks for the ride,” Angus yelled and waved good-bye. He patted his amulet to make sure it was still there. 
Vanora came up beside him and tapped him on the shoulder. “Come over when you can. My last name is Pegenstecher. It’s on the door. We live at Shore Side Cottage, number five. She pointed down a narrow lane, where a dozen whitewashed buildings stood nestled by the waterfront. “I’ll show you my father’s collection of mysterious and powerful objects.” Her eyes danced. “He’s even got a fur coat from Bigfoot.” 
“Really? Cool! I’ll be over as soon as I can.” 
Vanora and her father mounted their bikes, waved goodbye, and rode away. Angus waited for his ride, shivering as an ocean wind howled at his back. Storm clouds darkened the sky overhead and a light rain wept over his head, adding to his misery. Angus pulled up his collar as the water drizzled down his neck and into his shoes. An hour passed and still no one came to fetch him. In nearby windows, cozy fires glowed and tea kettles boiled. The rain turned into a downpour. A deep chill settled into his bones and his spirits sank. No one was coming to get him.
There seemed to be only a few cottages, a post office, and a couple of other buildings, all made of stone. It couldn’t be that hard to find Vanora’s cottage. Angus slogged up the lane looking for number five. He veered to dodge a muddy pot hole when an insect buzzed at his head. He swatted it and the thing fell to the ground with a clunk. He picked it up. A giant wasp, just like the one he’d seen on the plane! He held the insect by the tip of its wing to examine it in the dusky light. The wasp shook violently and sputtered before he got a closer look, but he could have sworn he saw a tiny camera attached to its belly. Without warning, the insect sprouted thorns. Sharp metal slivers stabbed into his hand.
“Ouch,” Angus yelled, dropping the thing to the ground. The angry wasp roared off into the sky. Angus examined the palm of his hand where blood seeped from three tiny puncture wounds. He searched in all directions. Was someone controlling those things? Hiding around a corner with a remote? 
Angus buried his head like a turtle in his jacket and forged up the lane, his cumbersome suitcase banging against his leg. It didn’t take long to see Vanora’s whitewashed stone cottage. He tapped on the door using a handsome brass knocker in the shape of a lion’s head. 
The door swung open with a wonderful blast of warm air and Vanora’s father, Mr. Pegenstecher, pulled Angus inside. “Come in, son, before you catch your death of cold.”
Angus shivered and removed his soaked jacket. He slipped off his shoes, feeling as if the whole ocean had seeped into them. 
Mr. Pegenstecher motioned him to a wooden bench in front of an energetic fire. Angus peeled off his wet socks, plopped them onto the stone hearth, and soaked in the soothing heat. A minute later Vanora handed him a cup of hot cocoa with whipped cream, sprinkles, and a chocolate stick on the side. 
“Thank you,” Angus said, taking the cup. 
Vanora looked puzzled. “I can’t believe no one came to get you.”
Angus took a sip of the delicious drink. “I know, nice huh?”
“Well, at least you’re safe and out of the rain. Relax and I’ll be right back.” 
Vanora returned to the kitchen, leaving Angus to himself. A dining table stood in the center of the cozy room near an antique hutch filled with crockery and silver tankards. Just beyond it, a glass case displayed ancient crosses, prehistoric artifacts, and plaster casts of giant footprints. Photographs hanging on the stone walls showed Mr. Pegenstecher at exotic locations with legendary creatures. One showed him on a pier with a giant squid. Another showed him holding the longest boa constrictor Angus had ever seen.
A great boom caused the pictures to shake. Boom. Boom. Boom. Someone was pounding on the front door. Mr. Pegenstecher hurried to answer the insistent knock.
A shriveled old man stood in the drizzling rain. A tattered brown overcoat draped to his ankles with a heavy canvas hood that partially concealed his wrinkled face. He carried a flickering glass lantern in one gnarled hand and with the other, pointed to Angus.
“Come, boy,” he grumbled. “Your aunt is waiting.”
“Good evening, Mr. Cudweed,” Mr. Pegenstecher said, motioning for the man to come inside.
The stranger grunted and stepped into the entryway. Angus swallowed hard and Vanora came to his side. “Be careful,” she whispered. “That’s Borage Cudweed. He works for your aunt. He’s a total weirdo. If you can get away, come over tomorrow and we’ll explore the island.”
“Okay, see you tomorrow,” Angus whispered before following the creepy man to the door. He turned to Vanora’s father. “Thanks for the hot chocolate and warm fire.”
Mr. Pegenstecher gave Angus a worried look. “You know where to find us if you need to.”
Angus nodded, then said to Cudweed, “How did you know I was here?”
“A little bug told me,” the old man mumbled.
“What?”
Cudweed scowled and stepped outside. “Come, now.”
Angus didn’t want to go with the nasty man. He looked more like a creature from one of his vampire books, or a crazed slasher, than someone’s gardener. 
Angus put on his wet socks and shoes and stepped out into the dark night. The man’s knee-high Wellington boots made loud splat, splat sounds as he shuffled away. Angus followed him to a rusty bicycle with a cart attached to the side. 
He shoved Angus forward. “Get in.” 
Angus shot him a dirty look and climbed inside. Rain poured down his back and a great puddle splattered underneath him as he sat on the wooden seat. For the first time, Angus noticed a series of neon blue lights shining outside each cottage down the lane. Bug lights?
Cudweed hooked the lantern onto the front of the bicycle, climbed aboard, and pedaled into the dark. Angus held on with both hands as the bike jerked forward into the night. How could the old man see by just the faint lantern light? Angus couldn’t see a thing until they wound along a treacherous ocean cliff gleaming black with rain. The lantern light made the rocky outcropping look like a humped-back serpent. Angus closed his eyes and held on tighter. 
He opened them again hearing the crash of surf from the ocean below. Angus squinted, trying to see ahead, but there was just blackness marred only by a bit of moon peeking between the clouds. Cudweed steered the cycle downhill between two rocks. It seemed as though the man was about to drive them into the sea when he took an abrupt right turn past a patch of shrubs and into a dale. A large stone house stood at the bottom. A faint light glowed from the eight windows of the tall, narrow structure. 
The bike rattled up next to the front of the house. “Out,” Cudweed commanded, pointing to the front door. 
Stiff from the cold and jarring ride, Angus climbed from the cart. A burst of bitter wind howled at his back, freezing the rainwater that had by now seeped into his pants. He forged his way to the front door, suitcase in hand. He knocked, watching Cudweed push the bike to a shabby, thatched cottage next door where moments later, a light switched on inside. Through its sooty windows, Angus watched Cudweed putting a kettle on to boil. He looked out the window and scowled at Angus. Something wasn’t right about the way he shuffled when he walked, or the way he grunted. As if he was not quite human. 

3


Angus waited on the doorstep of the house as the cold rain drizzled off the roof and onto his head. A heavy bolt screeched back and the door clanged open. In the shadows stood a pointy-faced woman with a long neck that resembled a crane. She peered down her nose at him with a very stern face. Angus’ first thought was that she wasn’t someone to cross. A woolen shawl draped around her hunched shoulders as gray as the sodden night.
“Yes? What ye want?”
“I’m Angus MacBain. I was sent here by my grandfather. Are you my aunt?” 
“Aye,” she said, and then motioned him inside. “Mind ye wet shoes.”  
Angus stepped inside the icy entryway, slipped off his soggy tennis shoes and stood shivering on the chilly stone floor. She glowered at him with her arms crossed. Her cold gaze sent even colder chills down his spine. The old woman’s eyes appeared flat, unlike anything he’d ever seen, and an odd shade of periwinkle blue. He followed her into a scantly furnished living room to a cold fireplace. “Start a fire if ye cold.” Her jaw tightened. “I’ll be in my study.” 
She started to walk away and then paused without turning around. “Ye bedroom’s on the left, at the head of the stairs. Ye grandfather’s old room, just as he left it. There’s a bucket of peat by the hearth for a fire.”
Angus waited until she was out of sight, and then turned his attention to the living room. The house smelled weird, like old shoes, and the only furniture was a single wooden rocker. A thin plaid blanket draped across the back and Angus resisted the urge to wrap it around his shoulders. He didn’t need another scolding. Oil paintings of ancestors he didn’t know hung on the whitewashed walls in heavy gilt frames. With a lit fire, the house might seem inviting, even cozy, if not for his grim-faced aunt.
Angus went to the foot of the narrow staircase, grabbed his suitcase and started to climb. With each step, the old wood cried out as if alive. He held his breath and gripped the handrail. He didn’t like heights and could imagine himself plunging through the rotten steps. 
Two doors stood at the top of the creaky staircase; both were closed, unfriendly. He chose the one on the left. The hallway between the doors flickered with light from the stub of a single wax candle in a tin saucer. Angus grasped the glass doorknob and gave it a turn. The door opened into a pitch-black room. He reached his hand inside and felt along the wall for a switch. He found it and flipped it on. A bare light bulb flooded the room with a dirty yellow glow. A layer of dust, almost an inch deep, coated every object in the room like a cloak. 
When Angus tossed his suitcase on the bed, a cloud of dust flew up his nose. He let out a great sneeze, then another. He wiped the grime from his eyes and studied his grandfather’s room. A stone fireplace stood to the right, its gaping mouth covered in a film of cobwebs. Hickory bookcases filled with leather bound volumes reached the ceiling and a beat up steamer trunk stood against the opposite wall beside a roll-top desk. 
Angus opened his suitcase and changed into a black T-shirt and jeans. He went to the fireplace, found the bucket of peat and stacked it inside the hearth. The fireplace looked so old, he wondered if it was even safe to use. Angus shuddered and wrapped his arms around himself. Even the tip of his nose was frozen, and every exhale he made caused great puffs of vapor like a dragon’s breath. At least if the house caught on fire he’d be warm. 
A long match rested on the mantle, and he struck it against the flagstone. An orange flame sizzled at the tip and Angus lit the fire. Heat filled the room within moments, the burning peat giving off a smell of cooked moss. 
Angus wrinkled his nose and crawled into bed. He lay with his arms underneath his head, listening to the crackling fire, and thinking about his grandfather. An arrow of pain shot into his insides. This had been Duncan’s childhood room, and he missed him more now than ever. 
Angus held back his tears and studied the bedroom set aglow by the firelight. What treasure had his grandfather left behind? He couldn’t wait until morning to explore the room and find out. 
****
Sounds of hammering woke Angus the next morning. He sat up in bed, yawned and placed his feet on the cold floor. The hammering stopped, replaced by the whirl of a drill. The noises sounded near. He slipped his socks on, which had dried nicely by the fire, opened his bedroom door and followed the noise. 
Across the hallway, behind the closed door, it sounded as if a construction crew was hard at work. The noise suddenly stopped. Angus waited, but all remained quiet. He crept back inside his bedroom, stoked the dying fire, and surveyed the room. He went to a desk and rolled up the top. Angus’ heart filled with sadness. A Christmas photo of his parents holding him as a small child rested inside. Cradling the precious object, he studied the happy family. An unexpected wave of anger shot to his throat. Why couldn’t things be different? Most kids his age had parents and even grandparents. Why did he have to suffer so many hardships? And why did he have to travel across the world to live where he wasn’t wanted? 
Angus slipped the picture into his wallet, swallowed his anger and set his mind on exploring the desk. He tugged open the side drawers only to find several broken sets of eyeglasses, old receipts, and letters strewn about. Someone had rifled through everything. Probably his aunt. What was she looking for?
Crammed into the very back of the last drawer he pulled out a faded manila envelope. The clasp on the back bore a large wax seal imprinted with the image of a wildcat. It held a shield in its right paw with its claws extended in the left. The writing around the cat in a half moon read, Touch not a catt bot a targe. Angus had seen the wildcat before and the strange writing on a gold plaque on his grandfather’s nightstand between a Kleenex box and a roll of antacids. 
“What does that mean, Grandpa?” Angus had asked. Duncan had picked up the plaque and pointed to the writing. “This means, don’t touch clan MacBain without a shield for protection. The wildcat is our clan beastie. No one messes with a MacBain.”
Angus flipped over the package, someone had already ripped it open. He reached inside and found an old-fashioned key tied on a red ribbon. What would such a long key fit? His heart skipped. Maybe the trunk? He hurried to the antique chest, but someone had already broken the padlock clean off. A wave of disappointment washed over him. Whatever treasure it once held, was probably gone. Angus lifted the lid and the rusty hinges groaned. 
A set of fine-crafted books with vellum covers rested inside. He picked up the first one, no doubt bound by his grandfather’s skilled hands, and blew the dust off. An odor of mold drifted from the pages. They were beautiful books, but hardly the kind of treasure he was hoping for. Angus started to put the book back when he noticed a glint of something metal underneath. He carefully removed more books and found a silver box the size of a football. A Celtic cross with a ring around the center ornamented by knotwork and spirals graced the lid. 
Angus lifted it into the light. A lock, shaped like a dragon’s head with a skinny keyhole in the center held it shut. Fresh scratches showed where someone had tried unsuccessfully to pick the lock. The trunk key was too big, but with something long and pointy, he might be able to pry it open. Angus scanned the room, saw nothing helpful and put the box back. He reached up to close the trunk and stopped. There was an inscription on the inside of the lid. His grandfather’s bold writing. Catch a dragon by the tail, do the same to open one. Angus reached for his amulet and slipped it off. “I wonder …” 
The tail of the dragon fit perfectly. One twist and the box clicked open. Then something snapped. Angus’ heart fell. At first, he thought he’d broken the amulet, but a closer look told him different. The tail had a tiny hinge that enabled the charm to bend and open without breaking. A tiny hole big enough for a secret hiding place contained a rolled up scrap of parchment. He tugged the paper free, and unrolled it. A drawing of a cat’s eye. Perhaps an ancient symbol used by his ancestors! 
Angus snapped the dragon tail closed, re-rolled the paper, and slipped it into his pocket. He examined the contents of the box. Empty. He tipped it over and something slid around inside. His pulse quickened. A tiny lever protruded on the back. Angus pushed it and a hidden door sprang open. A pocket-sized book rested inside, sewn together with dark thread at the seams. What could be so secret that his grandfather had kept it under lock and key? 
He flipped the book open. The first few pages contained a series of odd sketches, maps showing watercourses, and strange creatures. Probably an ancient manuscript of tales his grandfather had copied and bound for safekeeping. 
Angus felt eyes boring into the back of his head. He whirled to stare at the closed door. A shadow passed under the doorframe, accompanied by the scuffle of feet. Angus narrowed his eyes and stood, listening as footsteps faded away and down the stairs. He wadded up a piece of newspaper near the fire and shoved it into the keyhole. 
Angus put on his jacket, tucked the silver box back into the trunk and slipped the book inside his pocket. A loud hammering made him jump. The drilling sound returned. What was going on in that room?

4


Angus left his room and headed downstairs to find something to eat. His empty stomach rumbled against his ribs. He hurried down the creaky steps, just in case one gave way, and into the chilly entryway. The house looked much the same as it had the night before. Dark and depressing, not even a cozy fire.
“Good morning,” Angus called out. “Anyone here?” His words echoed down the hallway and disappeared. The hair prickled on the back of his neck and he had the distinct feeling of being watched. He whirled around. No one. 
Inside the large, shadowy living room, he stepped on something squishy. Angus lifted his leg and examined his soggy sock. A slimy green blob of seaweed clung to the bottom. Angus reached down and pulled off the wet lump. What was seaweed doing in the house? He held it out at arm’s length, shrugged, and tossed the icky stuff into the cold hearth. His stomach ached, reminding him of his search for breakfast. 
“Hello,” Angus called out again. Still no answer. He didn’t want to go into the kitchen and help himself, but what else could he do? Starve to death? A short hallway led past an empty study and around a corner to a spacious kitchen. An old-fashioned stove, with a long crooked pipe, dominated the center of the room. A wide, wooden countertop with deep sandstone sinks sat under a dingy window. 
Something flickered out of the corner of his eye, buzzing over his head, following his every move. A giant wasp! It stared at him, hovering near with a rectangular gaze. Angus reached for a flyswatter hanging near the stove. The insect shot past him, landed on the window sill and squeezed through a crack in the wall, escaping outside. 
Angus breathed a sigh of relief and hurried to the refrigerator, an antique chrome giant with a silver handle. He pulled open the door. Empty. Not even a scrap of cheese. He opened all the cupboards one after another, careful to shut each one silently. Every shelf bare. What did his aunt live on, air? He chuckled. Maybe she was one of Fane’s vampires. She certainly fit the part. 
“Something funny?” 
Angus jumped and spun on his heel to find Aunt Prudence glaring down at him. She planted her skinny hands on her hips. “What are ye doing in here?” 
“I was looking for something to eat,” Angus stammered.
“Why don’t ye just ask then?”
“I called for you, but you weren’t around.”
Prudence narrowed her piercing blue eyes. “I was upstairs in my room. Next time, try knocking instead of snooping.” 
“But I wasn’t….”
Prudence lunged forward and poked Angus in the belly. “You’re a chubby boy, aren’t ye? Doesn’t look like ye need any more food. Abstinence will do ye good.” 
Before Angus could give the old bag a piece of his mind, she scuttled out of the room without another word, the ragged and wet hem of her ugly gray dress dragging along the floor after her. Angus stared in disbelief. A stinking trail of green foam flowed behind her. He stepped around the sticky mess. It looked like kelp or seaweed of some kind. The same stuff he got on his sock in the living room. What had she been doing? Wading in the sea?
Hurrying to the entryway, Angus slipped on his shoes and headed outside. The wet sock gushed inside his shoe with each step. He ignored it and set his mind to getting as far away from his aunt as possible. His stomach grumbled again. He’d find his way to Vanora’s. She’d give him something to eat. 
Angus inhaled the cool, muggy air deep into his lungs. The scent of fuchsias, honeysuckle, and wild heather danced on the breeze. Even his nasty aunt couldn’t ruin the beauty and serenity of the island. Every curve in the lush landscape reminded him of the stories his grandfather had told him. Angus hiked up the rutted path to a hilly meadow where he spotted Cudweed herding sheep down the driveway. 
He greeted Angus with an angry scowl. “Don’t tramp the hay.” 
Angus glanced at his feet. It looked like regular grass to him, but he wasn’t arguing with Cudweed. He’d rather avoid him all together. 
A lamb playfully bucked to a stop in Angus’ path and he couldn’t help but smile. “Hello, little fellow,” he said. A fat ewe raced up and stepped between Angus and her offspring. She pawed at the ground and lowered her head. Angus backed away slowly, letting the sheep know he wasn’t a threat. The ewe continued to watch him as he sidestepped out of the way. Everyone seemed to be angry at him today. Cudweed came up behind the sheep and tapped at her with a long staff. She jogged down the driveway, the spindle-legged lamb at her side and Cudweed following behind them. 
When Angus reached the top of the dell, he stopped and admired the landscape robed in green. Pounding waves crashed onto the shore, and then waxed out to sea, caressing the white and olive-green pebbles on the beach. Iona marble. Angus sat on a moss-covered rock and stared down at the beach, remembering his grandfather’s childhood tales of collecting marble and selling rocks to tourists. Angus pictured his grandfather as a child, with the sleeves of his woolen undershirt drawn half-way up his elbows, his shaggy red hair wild in the summer wind, his bare feet tracking across the white beaches.
For a few wonderful minutes, Angus forgot the way kids made fun of him for being so big and clumsy, the loneliness that chiseled at his insides, the bottomless grief at losing his grandfather and the only home he’d ever known. 
Angus pushed onward, hoping to forget his troubles again, following a rocky path past a thick hedge and purple thistle that seemed to grow everywhere. The trail led into lush pastureland of soft, spongy soil honeycombed with rabbit holes. Within a few moments, he spotted the somber buildings of the weather-beaten village. 
In the daylight, Angus saw there were roughly twenty houses, with neatly picketed gardens that stretched toward the sea, two general stores, a post office, two hotels and at least one restaurant. The thought of food made his stomach burn. He reached inside his pants pocket and felt a plastic candy wrapper. His heart picked up a beat, then fell. An empty licorice package. Food had always been his friend, his comfort, and now he didn’t even have that. Maybe his crabby aunt was right. He could stand to lose a few pounds. He hated being the fat kid in school, towering over the other kids. Grandfather said it was fine Scottish blood that gave him his size, and that one day he’d be bigger and stronger than anyone. Right now all he felt was fat and alone. He kicked away a stone in his path. It flew up, spun around, and flopped on the ground. Just the way he felt. If only he had money, he’d get back on the ferry and leave so he wouldn’t have to live with his aunt and that creepy Cudweed. 
But where would he go?
Shoving his hands back into his pockets, Angus hurried up the dirt road to Vanora’s cottage. In the front stood a rose garden and a tidy clipped lawn he hadn’t seen the night before. He followed a brick path to the front steps and rapped the lion knocker against the door. A minute later, she answered, wearing a frilly pink halter top, white jeans and pink tennis shoes with glitter laces that made Angus feel a bit dull in his plain black T-shirt. 
“Come in,” she said.
Angus stepped inside the living room, greeted by the smell of bacon frying. His mouth watered and his stomach gurgled so loud he wrapped his arms around it in embarrassment. 
Vanora giggled. “Hungry?” 
“Starving!”  
“Sit down, I’ll get you some breakfast.” Vanora disappeared into the kitchen and reappeared with scrambled eggs, bacon, and a glass of orange juice. Angus ate like he’d never seen food. 
Vanora sat beside him, put her hands underneath her chin and watched him. “Tell me what it’s like,” she said. 
Angus swallowed a bite of eggs. “What’s what like?” 
Vanora rolled her eyes. “Tell me what it’s like at your aunt’s. It must be dreadful.”
“It is. She acts like it doesn’t matter if I’m around or not. She doesn’t have one thing to eat in the house, not even a crumb.” Angus sighed. “For someone that likes food as much as I do…it’s murder.” 
“That’s terrible! No wonder you’re so hungry.” 
Angus stabbed at his eggs with a fork, then paused. “And she stinks like a dead cod. Her room is across the hall. All night long there’s all sorts of crazy noises. Hammering and drilling and the creak of floorboards just outside my bedroom door. Makes me wonder what she’s doing in there.” He leaned forward and lowered his voice. “I feel like she’s spying on me.”
“I don’t know how you stand it.” Vanora shuddered. “She gives me the creeps.” 
Angus reached inside his pocket. “I almost forgot to tell you about what I found. It was inside the dragon amulet my grandfather gave me. For a second I thought I’d broken it. The tail was bent to one side, but it was really a secret hiding place. Anyway, it’s a drawing of a cat’s eye, and it looks like the same cat that’s on my family crest.” Angus drew the rolled up parchment from his pocket and handed it to Vanora. She unrolled the paper, and stared at the picture. “I’ve seen this before—but where?” Her voice trailed off and the corners of her lips curved into a wide grin. She snapped her fingers. “Now I remember. Come on.”
“Where are we going?”
“To Reilig Odhráin, tomb of the kings.” 
Angus swallowed his last bite of food and followed Vanora outside. They headed north out of the village down the narrow dirt road. The morning sun warmed their backs as they journeyed. Cottage chimneys puffed with remnants of turf fires from the night before and drapes were still drawn as they weaved through the lane to a walled cemetery. 
For a hundred feet, majestic Celtic crosses and flat stones jutted from the emerald green earth. 
Vanora nodded to an ancient stone chapel inside the graveyard, made of red and gray granite. “This is St. Odhrán chapel, the oldest site on the island. Near it lie the bodies of forty-eight Scottish kings, as well as four Irish and eight Norwegian kings. No one knows for sure how many more rulers are buried here. Most of the old headstones were taken to the Abby’s museum for safekeeping.”
They hiked to the side of the chapel and Vanora ran her hand over the pitted wall. “Look, it’s a highland wildcat! Just like the one in your drawing.” 
Angus examined the feline chiseled into the stone. It looked identical to the one on the MacBain coat of arms. “It’s strange they’d have a cat for decoration on a chapel. It must signify something important.”
Vanora cleared her throat. “Let’s go to the Abby Museum. I know I've seen this cat on more than one of the gravestones on display.”
“Cool!” Angus said. “Maybe one of the inscriptions might tell us something about it. Let’s go.” 

5


Vanora pointed to a lane that led from the cemetery to the Abbey. “That pathway is called the Street of the Dead. Ancients docked in the bay and passed along here carrying their kings for burial.”
She started up the path of timeworn flat stones embedded deep in the soil. Angus tried to keep up but he kept getting distracted. With each gust of easterly wind, it seemed the ancient stones whispered to him, a soft murmur of words in a foreign tongue.
Vanora turned around. “Hurry it up, slow poke. We’ve got loads of exploring to do.”
Angus stepped from stone to stone, his whole body attuned to any sound. “Do you hear something?” 
She paused to listen then shook her head. “No, why?”
“I thought I heard something.”
“Like what?” 
He shook his head. “I’m not sure. It sounded like whispering.”
Vanora cocked her head, listened for a moment, and shrugged. “I don’t hear anything. It’s probably just the wind.” She continued up the pathway. 
Something swooped at the top of Angus’ head. He ducked and spotted a fat crow coming around for another pass. The crow clacked its ugly beak, hovered for a moment, then glided past. It stopped to rest on top of a tall cross, shrieking. Angus could almost hear a subtle warning in its scathing cries. 
Vanora placed her hands on her hips. “It’s just a stupid bird. Come on.”
“I’ve seen that bird before,” Angus said. “It has a patch over its eye.”
Vanora took a step closer and squinted at the crow to examine it. “That is weird. But it’s probably just someone’s pet.” She laughed. “Don’t tell me you’re afraid of a bird?”
“Of course not,” Angus said, feeling his temper rise. “It’s just strange to see the same bird again a hundred miles from where I saw it the first time. Like it’s following me.” 
“Why are you so paranoid? First you think your aunt is spying on you, and then you think birds are following you. Maybe it just looks like the same bird.”
“I’m not paranoid,” Angus snapped. 
Vanora ignored him and took off at a jog. Angus followed, keeping an eye out for the crow while he hurried past a towering Celtic cross, carved from a single slab of gray stone and covered with intricate circles. 
They rounded the back of the Abbey and into the museum. Row after row of early Christian and medieval stones stood on display. 
Vanora hiked to a row of granite slabs. “Over here are the tombstones with the cat.”
Angus hurried to her side. “These were all taken from the cemetery?”  
Vanora nodded. “Unfortunately, when they removed them they didn’t mark which one came off which grave. Now the great kings have to rest in anonymity. Now which one was it?” Vanora let out a shout. “Here it is.”
Angus’ gaze traveled down the ancient stone slab the size of a door. It had a carving of a king wielding a sword and shield with a cat in the center. A sense of familiarity came over him. The MacBain shield! Angus reached into his jacket pocket, took out his grandfather’s book, and flipped through the pages. None of it made any sense to him. Just a jumble of drawings, maps, and pictures of swords.
“What’s that?” Vanora asked.
“It’s a book my grandfather made. I found it in an old trunk. It has the cat’s eye on the first page. The rest doesn’t make sense and the writing’s strange.”
Vanora peered over Angus’ shoulder. “That’s because it’s written in Gaelic. I can only read a few words but it looks like some kind of treasure map,” Vanora said. “Whatever it leads to must have been really important for him to go to all this trouble.”
Angus flipped back to the page with the map and pointed to a drawing. “This looks like the cemetery and this looks like the little chapel.” He pointed to another drawing. “These are grave stones, slabs like the ones here. Each stone has a king with a broadsword, the MacBain shield, and the wildcat. But every stone has something else in addition. See…some have symbols or other drawings.”
“I bet all seven gravestones from your grandfather’s book are here in the museum,” Vanora said, pointing to a page in the book.
A wasp buzzed past Angus’ ear and landed on the back of Vanora’s neck. Her hand flew up just as it drove in a gray stinger. “Ouch!” 
Angus rushed forward and swatted the insect to the ground. He made a move to step on it when it sprouted five thorns, each three inches long. Angus bent down and carefully picked it up by a wing. It looked identical to the one in the kitchen. He brought the twitching insect up closer to his eye. It looked metallic, like polished steel with all sorts of tiny gadgets attached to its thick body. The wasp sputtered in his hand and bit at his index finger with razor-like teeth. Angus flung it to the ground where it landed for only a moment, then righted itself and shot into the air. It made a tight circle and disappeared. 
Angus grabbed Vanora’s arm. “Are you all right?”
She grimaced and held the back of her neck. “It burns like fire.”
“Let me look.”
She dropped her hand and Angus pulled down her jacket collar. A huge lump formed an angry welt. In the center was a shiny metal stinger. 
“Hold still,” Angus said. “I’ve got to get the stinger out.”
Angus gripped it with his fingernails and pulled it out. It looked like a tiny gray dagger. Vanora let out a whimper and her eyes filled with tears. 
“I’m sorry,” Angus said.
“Thanks,” Vanora said. She rubbed her neck and examined the stinger in Angus’ hand. “It does feel a bit better now.”
“Glad to help. I just wish I knew what those things were.”
“They’re just wasps. The village has been plagued with them all spring. They love the wildflowers.”
“No, I don’t think they’re wasps at all. They’re made of metal, just look at that stinger.”  
Angus looked around and lowered his voice. “I know you think I’m a paranoid weirdo, but just listen to me. I think those things are watching me, just like my aunt and the crow. I first spotted them on the plane and then here on the island.” Angus raised his eyebrows. “I even saw one this morning, staring at me in the kitchen.” 
Vanora gave Angus an odd look. “But why would they want to spy on you? No offense, but it’s not like you’re famous.” 
“I don’t know,” Angus said, shaking his head. “But I’m going to find out.” 
“If you catch one, I could examine it under my father’s microscope. Maybe they just look like metal because of their gray skin. I could at least tell you what type of bee it is.”
“No, they have little gadgets attached to them,” Angus said. “And I think they’re much too big to be just a normal kind of insect.” 
“For the last month the only sounds I hear at night are bug zappers going off up and down the lane. I can’t imagine what sort of person would invent such terrible creatures.” 
Angus shrugged and turned his attention back to the tombstones. He found four other stones that bore his family shield resting on the far wall and three more at the end of the row. 
“What do you think all these symbols and drawings mean?” 
Vanora touched the welt on the back of her neck and winced. “I think each stone continues a story or legend of some kind, over generations or reign of several MacBain Kings. Let’s makes some sketches of each headstone so we can try to piece the story together. Do you have something to write with?”
Angus borrowed a stub of a pencil from the suggestion box in the corner of the room and used some blank pages in the back of his grandfather’s book. He was almost finished with the last sketch when Vanora interrupted him. 
“I need to get home and put some ice on this bite. It’s starting to sting again. I’ll make us something to drink and we can go over what we found.”
“Ok,” Angus said, returning the pencil.
They worked their way down the lane, past the ruins of an ancient nunnery and back to Vanora’s house. She rushed inside, leaving the door open for Angus and jogged into the kitchen. He sat by the cozy hearth, still warm from the morning fire. 
Moments later, Vanora emerged with a bag of frozen peas and two cans of orange soda. She opened a can, took a large gulp, then placed the bag on her neck. Angus ripped the drawings he’d made from the book and handed them to Vanora. 
She grabbed them and tried to place them in order. “It’s like puzzle pieces. What we need to do is find the beginning of the story.” She thumped a forefinger on one of the drawings. “This stone looks the oldest. But then again, it’s hard to tell.”
Angus rubbed his chin. “Maybe by dating the armor of the kings or the style of clothing, we can come close to putting them in some kind of order.” 
Vanora switched the sketches around and pointed to the first one. “I think the story’s pretty clear. This gravestone shows the MacBain crest with the cat, a sword and shield. The second stone shows a king in battle with an evil-looking man.” Vanora tapped on the third drawing. “And this stone shows the king in victory and the man imprisoned in a rocky jail or cairn. Then all the succeeding stones show only a king with the same shield and sword resting at his side.” 
Vanora took another drink of her soda. “When my father gets home, we can ask him what the carvings mean.”
“Where is your dad?”
“He went to Mull to study the body of a prehistoric seal that washed onshore. It’s supposed to have ten flippers and two tails. He should be home soon. It’s getting late.”
Angus glanced outside. It was getting dark, and he wondered if his aunt would care whether he came home or not. 
“We have a spare room if you want to stay over,” Vanora said. “My father won’t mind. He’s been worried about you. Most people have never seen your aunt and those that have said she’s just plain mean. This island is a place of peace and worship. I can’t imagine why she lives here. Why don’t you just stay for the night?” 
“I’d love to, but she’d probably send Cudweed after me.” Angus thought for a moment. “How did Cudweed know I was here in the first place? And that weird crack he made about a bug telling him where I was. Maybe he’s behind some of this.” 
Vanora shrugged. “Maybe you’re right.”
Angus went to the door and slipped on his shoes. “See you tomorrow. Thanks for the tour and the food.”
“No problem, I’ll go over these sketches some more and let you know what my father says.”
Angus left Vanora’s house, dreading the return trip home. The wind blew at his back as he followed the dirt path. He paused on the rocky trail and gazed at the ocean. The agitated sea hurled waves against the shore. A light mist fell onto his shoulders. The beginning of a storm. Even so, he didn’t hurry as he hiked to the top of the glen and down the trail that led to the stone house. 
A faint light glowed through the windows in Cudweed’s cottage, but the big house looked dark and as cold as his aunt’s heart. A figure appeared at the side of the house, bracing against the wind. Aunt Prudence. A tattered rain slicker flapped around her in the wind as she rummaged through a barrel filled with scraps of metal and rusted parts. 
“Cudweed,” she shrieked, “bring me more wire.” 
The grumpy caretaker stormed out of his shack carrying a roll of wire over his shoulder and muttering under his breath. Prudence turned when Angus approached. “Where have ye been?” 
“I was visiting a friend.”
The scowl left her face and she flashed a fake smile that showed a crooked front tooth. “Did ye happen to find anything of interest?”
“What do you mean?”
“Oh, I don’t know,” Prudence, said. “One never knows what treasure they’ll stumble upon.”
Angus noticed something different about her. Maybe it was just the light but she looked older. More wrinkled with a green tinge to her skin. She grabbed the roll of wire from Cudweed. “Get the buckets ready for the morning,” she snapped.
Angus watched Cudweed push an empty cart to a pile of buckets. “What are those for?”
Prudence glared at Angus and sneered. “For watering the sheep, of course.”
“But I saw the sheep drinking from a spring near the house.”
“Never ye mind, just help load them.”
Angus stacked the empty pails into the cart. Cudweed pushed it into a shed and covered it all with a tarp. Rain drops poured from the sky and Angus sprinted inside and up to his room. He didn’t expect he’d be getting any dinner so he started a fire, found his Game Slayer and switched it on. A short while later he heard his aunt clop up the stairs and into her room. Her bedroom door slammed shut and within moments, the hammering sounds started. Angus cracked open his door, looked up and down the hall, then tiptoed across the corridor. He crouched in front of his aunt’s door and peered through the keyhole. 
What he saw made him sit back on his haunches.

6


Angus squinted through the keyhole. Every nerve in his body froze. Swarms of wasps buzzed past his eye. From what he could make out inside the room, there wasn’t even a bed, only a workbench, grinders, hammers, and saws. A dark shadow flashed past the keyhole, Aunt Prudence holding a pair of tin snips. She paused, whirled around, and stared at the door as if sensing his presence. Angus’ breath hitched in his throat. He crept backward and slipped into his room. 
He leaned against the door and frowned. His aunt was building those insects! But why? And why would she go to such lengths to spy on him? Something crawled across his wrist and up his arm. Hair lifted from his scalp. Angus slapped at it, yanking his sleeve up, but it was only a string from his shirt. Cringing, he rubbed his arms, remembering the wasps and their sharp stingers. He climbed into bed, pulled the covers over his head, and clamped his eyes shut. But how could he sleep knowing his aunt was a mad scientist? Maybe he’d wake up and it would all be just a bad dream.
It seemed he had just laid his head on the soft pillow when someone pounded on the bedroom door, knocking so hard it shook the bed frame. Angus sat up, startled. What if it was his aunt, mad because he’d been spying on her? 
“Who is it?” Angus called out. 
The doorknob rattled and pounding continued with no answer. He threw back his covers, slipped out of bed and cracked opened the door. 
Cudweed’s shriveled face scowled at him. “Come, boy.”
“Where?” Angus asked. He rubbed his eyes. “It’s not even morning yet.”
His aunt bellowed from behind her bedroom door. “Do as ye are told, insolent boy!” Angus shrugged on his jacket, followed Cudweed downstairs into the entryway, and slipped on his shoes. The clock on the mantel struck 5:00 a.m. Where could they be going at this hour? He trudged outside behind Cudweed. A hazy moon hung in the sky like a great white stone. The briny air carried the scent of fresh mown hay, and a dampness that clung like a wet towel. Angus wrapped his arms around himself to try to stay warm. What he wouldn’t give to be back at home in the safety and comfort of his own room. In the front yard, the cart he’d filled with empty buckets the night before rested against a rock pile. Cudweed hobbled to it, grabbed the handle, and lugged the cart up the drive. Angus followed, shivering in misery.
Cudweed shuffled ahead, pulling the cart behind him without stopping until they came to a steep hill. He grabbed two buckets and handed him one. Angus stared at the man’s craggy forearm. In the dim light it looked like he wore a patch of black feathers instead of skin. Cudweed glanced at his arm and yanked his coat sleeve down. “Stop gawking and come on,” he grunted. 
Angus followed him up the hill, struggling to keep up. By the time they reached the top, his chest burned and his knees ached. Cudweed pushed him to a fresh water spring bubbling on the hillside. 
Angus filled the buckets while the crabby caretaker packed them all the way down to the cart. What Angus found peculiar was that Cudweed seemed so fast. He would just get one bucket filled when the caretaker had his hand out for another. He watched as Cudweed scuttled like a mountain goat down the hill at lightning speed, only to return moments later, as if he were flying part of the way. 
After all the buckets were filled, they started back to the house. Angus tried some idle conversation, but Cudweed only grunted and hauled the cart to the front door. He handed Angus a bucket. Water sloshed onto his pant leg as he followed Cudweed into the house, up the stairs and to Aunt Prudence’s bedroom door. Cudweed set the buckets down in front of the closed door and went back for another load. When they had packed the last bucket up the stairs, Angus looked at Cudweed. “Didn’t you say the water was for the sheep?” 
“No questions!” Cudweed barked. He turned his back and shambled down the stairs mumbling to himself. 
Glad to be rid of the old creep, Angus crossed the hall to his room, changed into a pair of dry jeans and started a fire. The cinders burned from a pale orange to a dark pumpkin. Mesmerized by the crackling flames, he collapsed into a chair and had almost fallen asleep when a buzzing next to his ear made him jump to his feet. Something whizzed past his left eye and swooped upward. He glanced at the ceiling just in time to see a wasp diving for his head. Angus swatted it to the floor. He would’ve smashed it with his foot if he had shoes on. 
Angus fumbled for an empty cigar box on the mantel and trapped the stunned wasp. A spark of excitement jumped through him. He’d take it to Vanora’s and examine it under her father’s microscope. Grinning, he slipped the box under his jacket and zipped it up. He’d never even been fast enough to catch a fly before, let alone a wasp. Just as he reached for the door he heard his aunt yell at Cudweed. “Find it, ye idiot. Don’t let it get away.”
“Yes, my highness,” Cudweed grunted.
“Highness?” Angus smirked, she did fit the part of an evil queen. Without warning, the bedroom door burst open. Aunt Prudence and Cudweed charged into his room. She looked around, eyes wild. Angus stared at his aunt in disbelief. Green gunk coated her head, releasing a stench that burned his eyes and crawled up his nose. But her face was smooth and free of wrinkles. She looked ten years younger, at least.
“What’s on your head?” Angus stammered.
Prudence’s eyes went wide in surprise. She reached her hands up and patted her head. “Seaweed hair mask,” she said nervously. 
She sprang forward and gripped Angus’ shoulders. “Have ye seen any bugs in here?” Angus struggled to free himself. With each movement of her head, she splattered bits of the stinky green substance onto his face. He wiped it off with the back of his hand. The smell made his eyes water and he pinched his nose. “Bugs? No I haven’t.” 
Prudence leaned closer and a loose strand of hair fell from where it was spackled with goo on top of her head. 
She sneered, gripping his shoulders tighter. “Are ye tellin’ the truth?” 
Angus jerked his shoulders free. The oozing strand of hair swiped across his face and a gob of the greasy gunk slithered across his lips. “Yuk!”
Angus wiped the sludge off with the back of his hand. It tasted like rotten fish. Under his coat, the trapped wasp rattled in the box. Angus’ heart hammered. He prayed she wouldn’t hear it. “What reason would I have to lie?” 
Prudence snatched his arm. “Ye better be tellin’ me the truth or it’ll be the strap fer ye, boy.” She released him and stormed from the room in a huff. Her bedroom door slammed shut. Cudweed sneered at him and shuffled away.  
Angus tiptoed into the hallway and hurried down the stairs with the cigar box. The wasp buzzed inside, hitting the sides like a tiny bullet, furious at the abduction. “Be quiet,” he whispered. If his aunt heard the buzzing he’d be done for. 
Angus hurried to Vanora’s, listening to the wasp chewing at the sides of the box. Something sharp stabbed into the palm of his hand. He let out a yelp, grasped the box with his other hand and flipped it over. The creature’s sharp stinger protruded from the bottom. 
He shook the pain off and dashed to Vanora’s house, nervous that the angry insect might make an escape, or worse, that his aunt would realize he’d lied and sic Cudweed on him to retrieve the metal wasp. 
****
Vanora sat in a lawn chair outside the cottage. She took a sip of tea, set the cup on the front step and stood to greet him. “You’re up early,” she said. 
Angus huffed, trying to catch his breath. “I’ve got one of those wasps in my jacket.”
Vanora flushed and took a step back. Angus patted the box. “It’s all right, I’ve got it trapped. Let’s see if we can get a look at it under your father’s microscope.” He furrowed his brow and chewed on his lower lip. “It’s pretty mad right now.” 
Angus pulled the cigar box out from beneath his jacket. 
Vanora shivered. “I hate those things. How did you catch it?” 
“The creepy-creature flew into my room and I swatted and stunned it. Anyhow, I’d just captured it when my aunt stormed in looking for it. And I think I know why. She’s building them to spy on me.”
Vanora frowned. “But why?” 
Angus shook his head. “I don’t know, but she’s up to something bad. Before dawn, I had to hike to the top of this steep hill and fill a bunch of buckets with water for her. What could she be doing with all that water?”
“Was it the tallest hill on the island?” Vanora asked.
“Yes, I think so.”  
“Did you get the water from a spring?”
Angus nodded.
“That’s the Well of Eternal Youth. An ancient tale says that if a woman puts the water on her face before sunrise, she’ll stay young forever. Legend also has it the water will keep monsters in human form on land.”
“She’s horrible enough to be a monster and she reeks of seaweed. She even had the guck on her head.”
“On her head?”
“Yeah she tried to tell me it was a hair mask but it looked as if it were attached to her scalp.”
“I’ve heard some stories about her. Everyone says she’s a wacko.”
Angus chuckled sarcastically. “Wacko is putting it nicely. She spends all her time locked up in her room making those horrible insects.” 
Vanora raised her eyebrows and focused on the cigar box. “Let’s take a look at that wasp.” She rubbed the back of her neck. “How are we going to get it out without getting stung?” 
Angus thought for a moment. “It’s made of metal and wires, I’m sure. If we get it soaking wet, maybe we can short circuit it. There’s already a hole in the bottom where it tried to stab me with its stinger, but I don’t think it’s wide enough.”
“Wait a moment.” Vanora rushed to her father’s desk and pulled open the top drawer. She hurried back to Angus with a pair of tweezers, a darning needle and a piece of rubber tubing. “We’ll make our own hole and fill the box with water before it gets out.”
“Yeah, good plan,” Angus said. “If we drown the thing it can’t hurt us.” He held up the box. “And I hope this works. No telling what it will do if it gets out.” 
Angus packed the box to the sink and, using the needle, poked a hole in the top. The wasp, sensing the intrusion, chewed madly, widening the gap with its razor-sharp teeth, struggling to get out. Angus jammed the tube inside and filled the box with water. To his horror, the box started to dissolve quicker than he thought it would. First, the bottom turned into soggy sludge, then the sides wilted. Finally the top caved in. He held the waterlogged mess, his eyes darting back and forth searching for the wasp. Angus carefully flipped the drippy lump over and the wasp fell into the sink with a dull thud, not moving. 
Vanora elbowed past him, and pinched it between the tweezers. “I’ve got it captured, just in case it isn’t dead.” She carried the insect over to the microscope, slid it under the glass and put her eye to the lens. Slowly, she turned the handle to focus it. “Wow, it’s metal all right, with all sorts of gadgets on it.” 
Vanora stepped aside and Angus peered into the microscope. Just as he thought, underneath its hairy belly hung a tiny camera. Angus re-focused the lens to get a closer look. On its droopy wings, retractable dagger-like thorns projected. The insect twitched. Angus’ heart leapt, and then the wasp sputtered and exploded. Green slime erupted from its body, releasing a horrible stench. The odor of fried seaweed.
Vanora hurried to the kitchen window and wedged it open. “Phew, gross!”
“I told you she was a spy,” Angus snapped. Did you see the weapons it has on it? Those sharp thorns could really do some damage.”
“No kidding, tell me about it.” She pointed to her neck. “I know one thing. You’re not going back there, Angus. Not for anything. You’ll stay here and live with us. It’s not safe for you to stay there anymore.”
He set his jaw. “I want to get my clothes and my grandfather’s things.”
“I bet you really miss him.”
Angus nodded.
“If you don’t mind me asking,” Vanora said. “What happened to your parents?”
“They died in a boating accident when I was eight,” Angus said, his voice dropping. 
“Oh, that must be so hard.” Vanora sighed. “I’m sorry.”
“Yeah,” Angus said, “me too.”  
“I haven’t been through anything as horrible as that, but I did go through a rough patch when my mum left us.”
“Your mom left you?”
Vanora gazed out the living room window. Her shoulders hunched and she intertwined her arms around herself. “Yes, she wanted to be a rock star or some such nonsense. Never did become one, but she has enough ex-husbands that are musicians to fill Carnegie Hall.” Vanora sighed. “I miss her a lot.”
“That sucks,” Angus said. 
Vanora shrugged. “It’s okay. Anyhow, you’re welcome to stay here.”
“Would it be ok with your dad?” 
“He’d love it. He always wanted a boy. Besides, I don’t have to ask. It was his idea. He told me it would be fine by him if you stayed with us.”
“Really? When did he tell you that?” Angus asked. 
“The night that Cudweed came to fetch you. We were both worried for you.”
A lump formed in his throat and he followed Vanora outside. It felt good to know someone cared about him. And it was certainly nice to have such interesting friends. Vanora didn’t seem to mind his size, or maybe she was just nice enough not to mention it.    
They set off for his aunt’s house, stopping just before the trail that led to the old estate. Sheep dotted the curving flanks of the grassy hillside. A salty breeze, heavy and rich with dampness from the sea, made Angus shiver. 
“If Cudweed gives us any trouble, just ignore him. I think he’s all gruff and bluff.”
“I’ll try,” Vanora said. “But, he really freaks me out. Especially the way he’s always leering at people. Like he hates everyone.” 
“I know,” Angus said. 
They crept around the corner, keeping an eye out for Cudweed. They walked to the front door and stepped inside.
“Burr, it’s cold in here,” Vanora whispered. She wrinkled her nose. “And it smells funny, like burnt rubber and ground up metal, just like that dead bug.”
“Come on,” Angus said. He hurried to the foot of the stairs, his heart racing. 
When they got to the top of the staircase, Prudence stepped out of the shadows and blocked them in.
“Thought ye could get away with it, didn’t ye?” she said in a soft, vicious tone. 
“G-get away with what?” Angus stammered hearing his own pulse thunder in his ears. 
“Don’t play stupid with me, boy. Ye know very well ye took that wasp. I saw ye drown it.” 
Angus glared at Prudence. “So you were spying on us.” 
Prudence sneered down at him. “Cudweed,” she bellowed. 
The creepy caretaker lumbered up behind them and grabbed Vanora’s arm. Angus rushed to help her, but she kicked at Cudweed. He lost his balance and nearly tumbled down the stairs.  
“Get them!” Prudence yelled.
Angus shoved Cudweed aside, grabbed Vanora’s hand and ran down the steps and out the front door. They didn’t stop until they reached the top of the hill. Vanora tripped and fell onto her side. Angus put his hands on his knees. His chest burned like it was on fire and, to make matters worse, he spotted Cudweed not far away, limping after them. 
Angus reached down and Vanora took his hand. He spotted his aunt scuttling close behind Cudweed. “Come on, we have to get out of here.” 
Vanora scrambled to her feet, her pink jeans stained with dirt. They continued running until they rounded the next corner encircling the cliffs. Angus struggled to catch his breath. 
Vanora sprinted past him. “Come on, they’re gaining on us!” 
Angus glanced over his shoulder. Cudweed was almost on him. But Angus couldn’t go any faster. His legs ached and his heart thundered. “Look out!” Vanora screamed.
Cudweed’s corded hand gripped the back of Angus’ jacket and the old man tackled him to the ground. 
“Help!” Angus yelled.
Cudweed tried to shut him up by wrapping a grimy hand around his mouth. He bit down hard on the man’s thumb. The caretaker yelped and let go. Angus rolled to one side and clambered to his feet. As he tried to step back, Cudweed grabbed his ankle, his fingernails digging through Angus’ sock and into his skin. Vanora ran to Angus’ side and stomped on the man’s arm. Prudence leapt forward and seized Vanora by a thick wad of curly hair. Angus slammed his shoulder into the old woman. She let go of Vanora and fell onto her rump. 
“I’ll get ye, boy,” Prudence cried, scrambling to her feet. 
Angus stopped a few feet away, bent over, chest heaving to catch his breath. Vanora rushed to his side and grabbed his hand. “We have to keep going.”
Behind them came a terrible growl. Cudweed struggled to get up, his feet slipping in the grass. Angus and Vanora rounded a corner. Angus’ lungs burned, he couldn’t take another step. To his surprise, he spotted Fane sitting on a rock, arms folded, a long blackthorn stick at his side.
Fane pointed to a rocky outcropping. “Hide behind there. I’ll deal with your pursuers.” 
The kids ducked behind the rocks while Fane stood to face Cudweed. When Cudweed arrived, Fane held out the long stick. “Stay where you are. Or I’ll send you back.” 
Cudweed sneered and pointed at Fane. “You wouldn’t dare.”
Fane raised an eyebrow. “Oh? Why wouldn’t I?” 
Prudence jogged up the hill. Strands of greasy hair escaped the knotted bun on the top of her skull and whipped about her head like the arms of an octopus. She wheezed, trying to catch her breath. Angus noticed something he hadn’t seen before—three slits on each side of her neck that opened with every inhale. Could they be gills? 
She stopped short at the sight of Fane. Her periwinkle blue eyes narrowed to slits. “Ye have no business here, old man.”
She raised her bony hand and at once a swarm of metal wasps flew from her dress sleeve. Fane made one wave with his blackthorn stick and they all fell to the ground like tiny stones. 
He took a step closer to Prudence and scowled. “From what you once were, you shall return, nothing more than slimy sludge.” 
Prudence paled. She raised a shaky fist. “Ye have no power in this world.”
“You’re right, I don’t. But Angus does.”
Fane signaled Angus to stand at his side and whispered in his ear. “Tell her to return to the sea. She’s nothing but a common Sea Hag, that’s why she has to manufacture those wasps, but you, my dear boy, are a descendant of King MacBain, crusader of all that is sacred and good. Now you must demand she go back, back to the sea where she and you both came from.”
Angus stared at Fane in disbelief. 
Fane nodded. “There’s no time now…send her back.”
The once-dead wasps rose from the ground and swarmed around Angus. He swatted and waved his arms madly as they bore into him, tearing at his flesh. 
Fane waved his stick. Brilliant colored sparks flew from the tip. The wasps fell lifeless to the ground again. The end of the stick smoked with a fiery glow. 
Angus’ blood boiled and he glared at Prudence. “Go back to the sea!” 
Nothing happened. 
Fane stepped forward and gave Angus a stern look. “You must have faith, my boy. It’s not by magic that this spell works—it’s by faith, boy. Faith in all that is good and holy.”
Prudence cackled. “He’s weak, he doesn’t believe in anything.” A drip of green saliva ran down the corner of her mouth. She threw her head back and laughed.
An image of his grandfather flashed in his mind. Angus clutched the amulet and narrowed his eyes at Prudence. The voice that came from his throat hardly sounded like his own. “Go back, into the sea. Beneath the sludge and seaweed where you belong!” 
Prudence’s eyes widened. She stretched out her arms. Starting at her shoulders, both arms turned to mush like cooked spinach with big drippy pods. Green slime crept up her neck and down her torso to her legs. “No!” she gurgled. She pinned Angus with her eyes. “You’ll pay for this boy, you’ll….” Her head turned to mush cutting off her final words. She melted into a ball of gunk that oozed, slunk, and slid over the rocky cliff and splattered into the ocean in great slimy strands. 
Angus stared at the water’s surface. A blob of greasy goop floated on top of the waves like an oil slick. All that was left of Prudence rested on the rock where she once stood: a pair of empty black boots coated in goo. They quivered, then toppled to one side, overflowing with what looked like mint jelly. 
Vanora shuddered. “Gross!” 
Cudweed leapt forward and growled. Fane made a motion to protect Angus by holding out his blackthorn stick in front of him. Cudweed stopped, glared at Fane, then scrambled away and down the hill. Fane chased after him. Angus followed, but by the time they reached the bottom, Cudweed had vanished. Angus scanned the area. How could the guy have disappeared so fast? 
Angus and Vanora followed close behind Fane, sprinting down a rutted path where a black horse and buggy waited. He motioned at the kids. “Get in, we must hurry.” 
They rushed to the carriage. Angus climbed aboard beside Fane and reached down to help Vanora. Soon as she was seated, Fane snapped the reins and the horse bolted forward, its nostrils wide and scarlet. The buggy roared down the trail behind the fiery steed. They covered so much ground Angus swore its dark hooves never touched the earth.
Fane’s eyes went wild. “We have to beat him back to his cottage.”
“Why?” Angus shouted over the racket of the carriage, but Fane ignored him, set at the task at hand. 
The buggy jostled hard to the right and Angus grabbed for the side to keep from bumping into Vanora. Fane reined the horse to a stop in front of Cudweed’s cottage, jumped out, and hurried inside. Angus and Vanora ran behind him.
The inside of the cottage looked as if no one had ever lived in it. Birdseed and piles of feathers littered the floor. Pots and pans lay strewn about. There was no furniture except a moth-bitten wool blanket and a mound of crumbled paper. Fane sorted through it at a maddening pace.
“It has to be here someplace. Unless he’s gotten it already, but I don’t see how he could have beat us here, unless he transformed into a crow again.
“Crow?” Angus asked.
“Yes, the very same one that tried to take your medallion. That scrap of material you saw on his eye was no patch; it’s a sort of looking glass. It reflects all that happens. Every move we make. The Dacian knight sees all through that patch.”
“I don’t understand,” Angus said. “Who is the Dacian knight?”
Fane stopped searching and stared at Angus intently. “His name is Dragomir. And the only reason Prudence and Cudweed are on the island is to set him loose from the other realm. She’s not your aunt. In fact you have no aunt. She never existed, at least not in real human form. Dragomir conjured her from the sea to come ashore to find a gate that lies between two worlds. A gate long closed. She was hoping you would lead her to it.” 
Angus’ lips tightened. “I knew she was up to something.”
Vanora cocked her head at Fane. “How do you know all this?” 
“It’s a long story. I come from the other realm, called Ceoban where the Dacian knight is held captive. Centuries ago the great Kings from your world, that are now buried on this island, traveled freely from Iona to Ceoban, bringing back jewels and weapons forged by the most skillful of hands. Then came Dragomir, born deep within the Carpathian Mountains in Romania. He terrorized Iona and the peaceful monks who lived here until King MacBain entombed him in a cairn in Ceoban and closed the entrance between the two worlds. The king did this in order to protect Iona and all that was good in this world. He appointed me as his advisor and, since that time, I haven’t been home.” 
Fane looked away and stared out into the sea. “I do miss it.” He cleared his throat and continued. “Dragomir was guarded by King MacBain’s wildcat, where he was to remain for all time or until he had a change of heart, which never did happen. Over the years he grew more evil and spiteful. When King MacBain died, centuries ago, his son Connor became king and took over guarding the entrance. Then when Connor died, his son took over and so on.” Fane took a deep breath. “The only way Dragomir could get out of his stone prison was by orders from the King or when all of the MacBain kings died out. You see, Angus, you are the last. You’re grandfather kept tabs on Dragomir through me, but he knew his health was failing and Dragomir was growing stronger. He had to protect you, until you were old enough to battle the dark one yourself. Now that time has come. It’s up to you to destroy Dragomir for good, or his power will grow so strong that he will escape and destroy Ceoban by corrupting it with evil. Then he will forge his way back into your world. If you do not go to Ceoban and defeat him, both worlds will no longer exist as we know them. Countless will suffer and die at his hand.”
Angus’ heart hammered. This had to be some kind of mistake. He couldn’t be a king. At least he didn’t feel like one. He’d spent his life only reading about creatures, not battling them. In fact, he avoided confrontations whenever possible. Plus he was terrible in P.E. or anything that took much coordination. He was more of a danger to his classmates than anything, always tripping over people, crushing toes, or fumbling through the hallways knocking kids over on his way to his locker. 
“Wow!” Vanora said, grabbing his arm. “That’s so cool!” 
Angus stared into Fane’s eyes. The old man seemed serious enough. “But how can I fight him?” 
“With goodness and faith, my boy. This is why I didn’t come for you before. In order for you to defeat the sea hag, you had to believe and see for yourself. Now we have to find Cudweed’s eyepiece so Dragomir cannot see us coming. He must not know where the ancient entrance lies. Then we’ll leave for Ceoban at once.” 
“How long will it take us to get there?” Angus asked. He would have doubted Fane’s story if he hadn’t seen Prudence slithering back into the sea.
Fane inhaled a ragged breath. “I don’t know. I’ve never had to use the king’s entrance. Since you are part mortal, we have no choice.”
Vanora gasped.
“Part mortal?” Angus asked. He looked sideways at Vanora, hoping the old man wasn’t going to embarrass him in front of her and say he was part ox or elephant or something. 
Fane ignored the question and continued. “Your grandfather was the last to know the whereabouts of the king’s entrance. Now think, Angus. He must have told you at some point or left you some clue as to where it’s located?”
Angus thought for a moment. “Yes, in a journal I found in his trunk. I have it in my jacket.” He tugged the book from his pocket and gave it to Fane.
Fane flipped to the first page and studied a drawing of a giant covered by a green quilt. Monogrammed on the tip of the blanket were the initials, F.M. 
Fane’s eyes danced. “Fingal McCool. It’s been a long time since I’ve thought of him.”
“Who is he?”
“A friend of mine. He lived a very long time ago. An Irish giant who took a nap on an island called Staffa and almost got himself killed.” Fane took a deep breath and pointed to the ocean. “And according to your book, that is where we’ll find the entrance.” Fane studied another page. “In a musical cavern. Fingal’s Cave, to be exact.” 
Fane handed the book to Angus. “We need to get to my boat and leave at once.” 
Vanora crossed her arms in front of her chest. “All of this just sounds crazy, but I’m going too.” 
Fane paused and shook his head. He took Vanora’s hand. “No, my dear. You don’t know what dangers await you. Even I don’t know what terrible creatures lie in wait to stop us.” 
“I’ve worked for years with my father. I know all about mysterious creatures and their habits. I won’t let Angus go alone with you. Someone needs to keep an eye on him.”
Angus rolled his eyes. “I don’t need looking after.”
Vanora placed her hands on her hips and pinned Angus with her eyes. “I’m going and that’s the final word.” She pointed at Fane. “How do you know he’s not some sort of crackpot?” 
Fane shook his head and grinned. “You are persistent, aren’t you? I can’t stop you, but just know that you’ve been warned. Crackpot or not, the fate of two worlds is in our hands. I have no time for arguments. Are you coming?”
Without waiting for a reply, Fane climbed into the buggy. He waited for Angus and Vanora to climb aboard and sit down beside him, then flipped the reins. The horse broke into an easy trot down to the beach where a wooden rowboat floated, tied to a jagged rock jutting out of the restless waves. Fane jumped from the buggy and unhitched the horse. He patted the animal on the neck. “There you are, Bill. Thanks for the help.”
The horse nodded, winked, tossed its head, and galloped down the beach into the sea. Angus raised his hand to shield his eyes from the late afternoon sun. In spite of the glare, he could have sworn he saw the horse disappear beneath the waves. He turned to see if Vanora was as shocked as he, but she was already stepping into the boat, her back to him.
Fane untied the rope and pushed away from the beach. He looked at Angus. “Better get in before I shove off. It’s a long swim.”
Angus waded into the purple and green waters, climbed aboard, and took his seat beside Vanora. Fane sat in a middle seat and gripped the oars. 
“It looked,” said Angus, knitting his eyebrows, “like your horse just ran straight into the ocean.”
“Yes, of course. He’s going home.”
“Home?”
“Can’t expect him to wait around all day. Bill’s a Kelpie, you know. He lives at the bottom of the sea.” Fane shot him a serious look. “And if you want a word of advice, don’t ever make the mistake of getting on a Kelpie’s back. They’ll take you for a devil of a ride and then most likely drown you. You’re far better off hitching them to a buggy.”
Angus opened his mouth to ask more questions when a surge of fear tightened his chest. Fane was rowing the small vessel into a thick patch of fog and the sun sank behind the clouds.

7


Beads of sweat formed on Fane’s forehead as he rowed through the choppy waves and into the edge of the fog bank. He rubbed his long white beard and glanced at the sky. “We have to get out of sight before that crow spots us.” 
Angus looked around nervously. “I don’t think this is a good idea. It’s getting dark and worse than that, it looks like a storm is coming in.”
Vanora shifted in her seat. “You can’t be serious about going all the way to Staffa in this rowboat? We’ll drown for sure. The seas are dangerous around that island, even on a good day.” 
Fane rowed deeper into the fog, “No, of course not, my dear.” He crisscrossed the oars in his lap and let the boat drift on the waves. “Momentarily we’ll board a Chinese junk, captained by Yip Man Lee and his motley Singapore crew. He’ll take us to Staffa unseen.” 
Vanora’s eyes widened in alarm. “He’ll never see us in all this fog. Even if he finds us, his ship will smash us to bits.” 
“Certainly not.” Fane snapped the oars into the oarlocks. “Now my dear, if you will look under your seat you’ll find a tan bag. Please hand it to me.”
Vanora tugged out the burlap sack stamped on the side with bold Chinese lettering and handed it to Fane. He reached inside and took out a brass gong and a wooden striker. Fane tossed the sack into the belly of the boat and stood up, bracing his feet far apart. He held the gong in one hand and the striker in the other. The boat rocked back and forth and Angus gripped the sides in fear of it tipping over. The fog swallowed the top part of Fane’s head, and then his torso.  
Fane struck the gong once. Its somber tones carried far out to sea. He sat down, wrestled the instrument into the sack, and handed it to Vanora. “Put it back, dear.” 
Vanora leaned forward, took the bag, and slid it under her seat. “How will they know our coordinates?” 
“And how can you be sure they heard us?” Angus asked. 
“Silence,” Fane hissed. “You must be quiet as stones. She’s approaching.” 
He stood up again causing the boat to jerk hard to the right. Vanora collided with Angus and his heart hammered. The water boiled like a great cauldron of oil over a fiery pit. Cold seawater sprayed onto the back of Vanora’s neck and she let out a yelp. 
Fane gave her an icy stare and hissed out a command. “Hush.” 
Vanora’s mouth gaped open; she poked Angus in the ribs and pointed into the mist. 
Fane’s voice boomed. “Behold—The Black Dragon.” 
The helm of a great ship broke through the fog, plying through the dark waters at great speed. Her prow, shaped like the head of a black dragon, bore a wide-open mouth showing a long crimson tongue. The ship heaved forward, ghosting through the waves, equipped with a set of three massive bamboo masts in a rich shade of Chinese red. Crusty patches of barnacles clung to her hull. A long, black, salt-stiffened flag with cross bones made an eerie flapping that sent a chill into the center of Angus’ spine. A man stood on her deck. His feet spread wide, muscled arms folded across a chiseled chest. A black brocade robe hung loose on his powerful frame. A gust of salty wind caused it to flap open, showing a black dragon tattooed across his brawny chest. 
Fane waved to the man, and then lowered his voice. “That’s Captain Yip Man Lee.”
Vanora sighed. “Just look at those muscles. He certainly is man-lee.”
Angus frowned and wrapped his arms around his chubby stomach, watching Vanora with her eyes fixed on the captain.  
Thick ropes fell overboard and into the boat. Fane quickly tied them to the cleats and the rowboat heaved into the air. Angus gripped the gunwale. As the boat rose higher, so did the lump in Angus’ throat. Why did he have to have such a fear of heights? He glanced over the side. He could swim. He’d always been a good swimmer. If he fell over, the worst thing that would happen is that he’d do a massive belly flop. 
Two burly men with fists like sledgehammers pulled up the ropes. When the last heave brought the rowboat even with the deck, Angus stepped aboard and squinted. Everything seemed transparent. Was it just a trick of the fog? He blinked and rubbed his eyes. Vanora stared down at her hands, and chewed her lower lip. 
Fane let loose with a boisterous laugh. “No worries children, we are traveling under a veil of invisibility. Dragomir cannot see us.”
“You mean we’re invisible?” Angus asked.
Fane nodded and strolled down the lantern lit deck. At once, the eerie mist that lay heavy upon the ship rose and died away. Before Fane stood a group of sailors, scary enough to make Blackbeard himself take pause. They sported a variety of knotted handkerchiefs on their heads, red in color. Most were bare-armed, tattooed, and sunburned. Others wore heavy chains with jade ornaments, and big gold earrings. 
Vanora smirked. “I think they need some lessons in how to accessorize.”
Angus shot her a warning glare. “Be quiet or they might make us walk the plank.”
Captain Lee bowed as Fane approached and did the same. Fane gripped the captain’s hand and shook it. “Thank you for coming, old friend. I knew I could count on you.”
Captain Lee’s black eyes softened and he nodded. “Come inside for tea.”
Angus and Vanora followed Fane across the bamboo deck, ducking into a narrow doorway that led inside the captain’s quarters. Fane slipped off his boots and Angus and Vanora slipped off their shoes. The old man left his boots right in the way, but before Angus could step over them, they glided to the side of the steps and aligned themselves neatly. Angus watched in disbelief as his shoes did the same. Vanora stood rigid, fixed to the spot. She pointed at her pink tennis shoes spinning around as if dancing. They made one last spin, then came to a stop beside Angus’ shoes, which looked like giant canoes next to Vanora’s. Angus sighed. Everything from his shirts to his socks seemed extra-large compared to everyone else’s. 
Angus elbowed Vanora and motioned for her to follow him across the bamboo floor to a set of crimson pillows where Fane had kneeled in front of a half-round table. Brightly colored Chinese lanterns hung on the walls in shades of blue, reds and yellows. Colorful woodblocks of Asian operas, carved figurines of mandarin ducks, and flowers decorated the room. A massive teak wardrobe took up one whole wall.  
Captain Lee sat on a pile of silk pillows across from Fane. “Tell me, old friend. Where am I taking you this time?”
Fane pulled an ivory pipe from his vest, leaned back, and put it to his lips. He patted his pockets, searching for a match. “Staffa. You know the reasons and the whys of my journey, so I will spare you the details.”
The captain nodded, then snapped his fingers and at once a flame came to the tip of his index finger. He leaned forward and lit the pipe as Fane puffed to keep it lit. With another smooth movement of his hand, the captain dashed the fire and rang a small bronze bell at his side. A little man, wearing a white turban with an emerald jewel set into the middle and a golden earring in his nose like a bull, rushed into the room. 
“Morocco, bring us tea.” Captain Lee gave a swooping wave of his hand. “Oolong for me and Dragon’s Jaw for those who are present at my table.”
Moments later, the servant returned with a ruby platter holding four handleless cups adorned with blue-painted dragons with red claws and tails. The servant set a steaming cup of tea in front of each of them. 
“Thank you,” Fane said. “May your ancestors rest soundly in their watery graves, and may your enemies cower in a foggy haze.” He picked up his cup and drank the contents in one gulp. His beard twitched, his eyes bulged and his whole body shuddered. Angus peered into his cup, it smelled horrible and made his eyes water. The captain gave him a piercing look. Angus didn’t want to be rude, so he tipped the cup up to his lips and swallowed. The tea burned like fire, smelled like gasoline, and tasted like rotten cabbage. He tried to breathe, but only managed a wheeze. Vanora slapped him on the back and stared down into her own cup with a worried look. 
The captain leaned across the table. “You must drink it.”
Vanora resisted. “No way. I don’t mean to be rude, but it smells terrible.” 
Instead of being offended, the captain smiled wide, showing off a perfect set of alabaster teeth. “If I give you a gift will you drink it?” 
Vanora eyed him with suspicion. “Why is it so important that I drink it?”
The captain suddenly looked serious. “You will need it for your journey. Would I poison one as lovely as you, my flower?”
Vanora blushed and giggled. Angus rolled his eyes. The captain snapped his fingers twice and Morocco rushed to a wardrobe in the corner. He slid open the bottom drawer and removed two silk robes. He handed Angus a black one with a dragon embossed on the back and Vanora a pink one with a phoenix on it. Vanora looked at Angus’ robe and then her own, and stuck out her lip. Captain Lee tilted her chin so his dark eyes captured hers. 
“The dragon and the phoenix are two legendary creatures in China. According to the Tao, the dragon is the symbol of yang-masculinity while the phoenix is the symbol of yin-femininity. Thus the harmonious co-existence of the dragon and the phoenix symbolizes a peaceful and auspicious world.”
She grinned at the captain like a love-struck idiot, rubbing the silky material of the robe against her cheek. “Thank you,” she said. 
What was wrong with her? Angus thought, irritated. Hasn’t she ever seen a captain before? He examined the exquisite robe. The embroidered dragon weaved a beautiful pattern across the back and ended in the tail over one shoulder. He had to admit it did look cooler than the wimpy bird on Vanora’s robe. 
Vanora eyed the captain and sniffed the tea. “What did you say was in it?” 
“The shredded jaw bone of a black dragon. In the dark, you will have the power of his sight. Now drink it and let us be off for Staffa.” 
Vanora glanced at Angus. “Well, you haven’t keeled over yet, so I guess it must be safe to drink.” She put the cup to her lips and swallowed the tea in one gulp, clutched her throat, and stuck out her tongue. “Yuk.” 
Fane threw back his head, laughed and slapped her on the back. “It will be worth it, my dear, as you will see.” 
The captain jumped to his feet. “We must be off, for the power of the Dragon’s jaw fades quickly.”

8


Captain Lee showed them to the deck cluttered with crates and coiled rope. While Fane and the captain discussed nautical matters, Angus and Vanora stood at the rail and peered into the thick haze. A damp taste of salt and seaweed permeated the fog-laden air. What secrets did the island hold? 
A stiff wind lifted the murkiness, revealing a stony hulk of land. 
Vanora nudged him. “That’s Staffa.”
Great horizontal columns of rock shaped by ancient lava formed the island’s jagged edges and rocky joints. No heather, bracken, or trees grew on its surface, only dots of yellow flowers and rich lichens. Seabirds with black and white plumage flocked on the isle’s thatched surface. Ivory gulls wheeled overhead, gliding on the winds.  
Angus spotted three sea-caves on the southeast side of the island. 
“Which one is Fingal’s cave?”
Vanora shivered from the chilly air. Angry waves beat against the ship’s massive rudder. “I think it’s the one on the left. I was here as a kid, but the only thing I really remember was that you had to watch your step inside. The ledges are narrow and slippery and the cave has no floor, just the ocean, hundreds of feet deep. ” 
The ship stopped short of the entrance. Captain Lee came to Angus’ side, closed his eyes, and inhaled deeply. “Ah, the sweet music of Fingal’s cave.” 
Foamy surf raced into the cave, cascaded down the rock walls like the caress of a mother’s hand, then escaped back to the sea. With each incoming burst of ocean, the frothy water strummed against the rocky interior, causing a haunting wail. 
The ship jolted forward and Angus stumbled and grabbed the rail. The wooden deck groaned beneath his feet. His eyes had to be playing tricks on him. The bow of the vessel seemed to be shrinking so it would fit inside the dark cave. Angus’ heart raced. What could be lurking in the shadows? Thanks to Captain Lee’s special tea, his eyes were like two brilliant flashlight beams. Angus scanned the inky interior, a great vaulted cathedral with a violent ocean floor. 
The vessel heaved up and down with each swell of sea, its long black mast almost touching the ceiling. Pillars of rocks twisted to the top of the cave and down into the murky depths. To Angus, it looked like the insides of a massive organ, or the creases of an accordion. 
Captain Lee bowed low in front of Angus. In his hands, he held a wooden box. “Please accept these gifts and use them wisely.” Angus took the box and opened it. “Inside,” Captain Lee said, “you’ll find a hammer, chisel, and iron stakes made by the mining dwarves of Sing Mein. You’ll also find a dagger forged in the belly of the Meili mountain range. The dagger has remained hidden between the deep gorges of the Mekong and Salween Rivers for ten thousand years.” 
Angus’ breath caught in his throat. A dagger? Why would he need a dagger? He tamped down the unsettling feelings and bowed to Captain Lee. “Thank you, I’ll take good care of them.” 
The captain placed the tools in a leather pack and handed it to him. He whistled and Morocco emerged from the cabin to stand beside him with another pack. The captain took the leather satchel, laced together with knotted brown cord. He gave Fane a sturdy nod, and the old man took the pack and slung it onto his shoulder. Captain Lee showed them to a rope ladder dangling over the gunwale. At the end of the ladder a rocky ledge served as a walkway inside the cave. 
Fane started down the ladder first, followed by Vanora. Angus hesitated; he peered over the side. It wasn’t that far down, but his stomach flipped. He gathered his courage, grabbed the rail, swung his foot over until he felt the burlap rope, and climbed down. He stepped carefully onto a crude walkway of fractured columns just above the water level.
Angus glanced back at the ship, but it had already disappeared. He started to say something to Vanora when Fane shouted. “Blasted black bats! Why can’t I remember?” 
Fane stuck his hand in a dark and narrow crevasse in the cave wall. 
Angus came to his side. “What are you looking for?”
Fane wedged his hand into another gap. “A doorway. The only way inside. I’ve never used this way to get in. This path is meant for mortals. Because of that, the entrance is well hidden, and with good reason. Inside is a series of great halls built by three ancient rulers, your ancestor, King MacBain of Scotland, The High King of Ireland, Brian Boru, and King Forkbeard of Norway. It served as a meeting place and as an entrance into Ceoban. Little did they know that dark creatures shunned and banned from other places would seek refuge in the great halls. When the kings died hundreds of years ago, no one used the halls anymore, and the creatures all but took over.” 
“Dark creatures?” Vanora whispered. “Do you mean bats and that sort of thing?” 
Fane shook his head. “Nothing as simple as that.” 
The muscles in Angus’ neck tightened. “Isn’t there some other way we can get to Ceoban?” 
“I’m afraid not. Now, we must hurry. We don’t have much time.” Fane reached inside his shirt pocket and took out a pair of round wire spectacles. He slipped them on, shaping the earpieces around his ears. “Let’s have another look at your book.”
Angus dug the journal out of his pocket and gave it to him. Fane flipped past the pages with the fighting giants and studied a drawing of an ancient pyramid. He smiled wide, tucked the spectacles into his shirt pocket, and snapped his fingers. “Ah-ha, how could I have forgotten about Ferock’s harp?” 
“Harp?” Angus said. “What good will that do?” 
“It’s said to open doorways and secret passageways.” Fane handed Angus the book and hurried out of the cave, climbing over the rocks. Angus scrambled to catch up, slipping on the wet stone. He shot a glance over his shoulder at Vanora. 
She dismissed him with a wave of her hand. “Go ahead, I’ll stay here and see if I can find a way inside.” She continued to prod the rocky surfaces with her fingers. 
When Angus caught up with Fane, he bent over to catch his breath. “What does a harp have to do with a pyramid?” he huffed.
Fane gripped Angus’ shoulders and swiveled him around to face a pyramid-shaped rock, and with a long knobby finger he pointed. “That’s Am Bucichaille, or in your tongue, The Herdsman. Inside its rocky interior lies a knee harp given to a greedy sea monster named Ferock in exchange for protecting the entrance to the great halls.” Fane leaned heavily on his walking stick and drew a deep breath. “As the centuries passed, and Ferock grew from old to ancient, he left Fingal’s cave. He sleeps at the bottom of the ocean on top of an underground warm spring. While he soaks his aching bones, he keeps watch over the treasure he pillaged from shipwrecks. The vile beast will surely awaken when we strum just a few notes on his precious harp.” 
Angus gave Fane a quizzical look. “What will he do to us? If he’s a sea monster, then he can’t come on land…can he? ”
Fane shrugged. “He’s as volatile as the sea. Remember, you are not dealing with a familiar adversary. Never, ever underestimate the power or skill of a foe from another place or time.” Fane paused and studied the sky. “Now listen, we must have no conversation from this point forward.” He pointed to a flock of puffins. “You can’t trust those birds. They will tell the crow everything they hear us say and everything that we do. They all stick together, you know, all birds.” 
Angus stared at the birds. A fat one glared at him. “Why would they do that?” 
“They can’t help themselves; it’s just their fickle nature. Puffins are the worst sort of gossips next to Kittiwakes and snoopy Razorbills. So your job is to distract them while I get the harp.” Fane gave Angus a push. “Make a run at them and keep them busy for awhile.” 
Angus flapped his arms and ran at the birds, sending them flying into the air like a snow flurry, while Fane hiked to the highest point of the rock. Angus made another run at the birds and returned to keep the old man in sight. 
Fane winked at Angus, slipped the leather satchel off his shoulder and unwrapped a set of gold stakes and a mallet. He gripped the hammer and brought it down hard, driving each stake one after another into the face of the rock. A blue florescent light filled the dusky air as the rock split just wide enough for him to reach inside. 
For a moment, Angus feared something had Fane's hand, but after a bit of wrestling he withdrew a rotten cowhide bag from the hole, pulled off the sodden material, and tossed it aside. In his hands he held a small, jewel-encrusted, golden harp that twinkled in the hazy light. He tucked the beautiful instrument under his arm and headed back inside the cave, eyes hard and determined. Angus followed, finding it difficult to maneuver over all the uneven rocks, but it didn’t seem to bother Fane who walked as if he knew every level place to step. 
Fane sat on a rock inside the cave and plucked a few notes. 
Nothing happened.  
Vanora, busy studying the cave wall, turned her attention to Fane. “Would you like me to play it for you? I got an A in band.”
Fane handed her the harp and with her pink fingernails she plucked a few notes. The noise reverberated inside the cave. Fane shot a glance toward the water, his shoulders tense. She picked a few more notes. The cave wall shook and Vanora paused.
Fane leapt forward. “Keep playing.”
With shaky fingers, Vanora continued to pluck the strings. The earth shook beneath their feet and the ocean water trembled. Her eyes widened and she stopped playing. 
Fane waved a hand at her. “Don’t stop.” 
Vanora glanced across the rocks and out to sea. She bit her lower lip and reached for the harp strings with trembling hands. She plucked a few more notes. The walls rumbled and, with a great grumbling of the earth, split apart as if on rollers to reveal a set of massive doors. Vanora jumped to her feet, handed the harp to Fane, and stared at the ornate entrance. 
Below them, the waters boiled. White froth grew and twisted and splashed. A monstrous beast rose from the depths. A colossal creature so terrifying that Angus opened his mouth to scream, but not even a squeak came out. He gaped in stunned silence at the cephalopod-like beast with huge protruding eyes. A spiked tentacle, nearly eight feet long with rotating hooks, whipped to the surface. As the water sluiced off the thing, the hooks began gyrating and quivering. While Angus watched, one of them snaked out and wrapped around Vanora’s leg, dragging her on her belly, toward the water at top speed. She clawed and scraped, but she could get no hold. The thing kept dragging, pulling her closer to its gaping mouth, beating her over the rocky outcroppings. 
“Vanora!” Angus scrambled over the rocks and leapt for her. He got hold of her hand. His fingers closed around hers. He pulled, but little by little her fingers slipped out of his grip. 
The monster dragged her closer and closer to the ledge. She reached out and seized a pointy rock, holding on until her knuckles turned pale. 
“Help me,” she screamed.

9


Fane grabbed the harp and heaved it at the monster. “Take it, you wicked wretch!” Ferock released his hold on Vanora’s leg, snatched the harp with a slimy hook and sunk down into the boiling depths.
Angus climbed to Vanora’s side and helped her up. 
She peered down at her pant leg covered with a long trail of slug slime. “Yuk.”
“Are you all right?” Angus asked.
“I think so.” Vanora took a deep breath, then grinned. “Did anyone get a picture? My father would love it.”
Angus glowered. “Are you kidding me? It wasn’t exactly a Kodak moment.”  
“No time for chatter,” Fane said. “We must get inside before Ferock returns. One gift is never enough to satisfy his greediness.” 
They rushed to the ancient entrance sealed by two arched bronze doors with raised panels engraved in silver. In the center stood the MacBain crest, surrounded by Celtic scrolls and knotwork. Thick iron hasps and a mammoth lock kept the doors shut against intruders. 
Fane peered over his shoulder, eyes sweeping the churning waters. “Use your amulet to unlock it, young man, and be quick about it.” 
Angus reached inside his shirt and drew out the dragon. He inserted the tail into the lock. A rusty cry rose from the medieval padlock. The catch opened and fell to one side. 
Fane inhaled a hurried breath. “Like I told you before, remember to stick together and listen to every word I tell you. Evil creatures await us in every shadow, each dark corner.”
Fane shoved on the massive doors until sweat beaded his brow. For a second, Angus thought they might budge, but they stayed firmly sealed. Fane gave it one last try, heaving his shoulder hard into the center. The old hinges screeched as the doors scraped open. 
Angus eyed the cavern’s yawning entrance warily. The shadowy opening reminded him of the empty eye socket of a skull. A cold shiver shot down his spine. 
Fane peered into the dark hole and then cast his eyes to Angus and Vanora. “Stay close.” He took a cautious step forward, then disappeared inside.
“Ladies first.” Angus chuckled, backing away.
Vanora shook her head. “No way, you first.”
Angus stuck his chest out, trying to act brave, and stepped inside, shuffling his feet forward as his eyes adjusted. Vanora plowed into his back. 
“Watch it,” he snapped. Tension caused his neck to stiffen.
“Sorry,” Vanora said. “Guess the dragon jaw tea is wearing off. It’s pitch black in here.”
Angus agreed, straining to see in the dark. Beneath his feet, the aged stone floor felt level and smooth. Stale, cold air trapped for centuries sucked the warmth from his bones. He shuddered and wrapped his arms around himself.
Torchlight flared and the smell of sulfur and moss added a tang to the damp air. Fane held the torch in front of him. It took a while for Angus to take it all in. He stood in a large cave, maybe forty paces from wall to wall. High above his head jagged stalactites glistened. A fireplace with an iron caldron and a rocky mantel stood in ruin, caked with a film of fine dust and silt. An enormous table of cut stone rested in the center of the room. 
“Welcome to the Hall of Kings.” Fane’s voice echoed. “Now we must sit, but don’t do so until I tell you to. Angus, the honor of sitting here will be yours now.” Fane pointed to an enormous jewel-encrusted stone chair at the head of the table. “It is King MacBain’s throne. Your throne.” Angus stood by the big chair. His chest swelled. For the first time in his life, he felt special. He, of all people was someone very important. Royalty in fact! Angus smiled, forgetting how big and awkward he was. How the kids at school teased him. He even forgot how scared he was.
Fane walked around the table studying each chair before turning to Vanora. “What nationality is your father’s family?” 
“Belgian.” 
“Yes of course. This will be your place.” He brushed off the dust and cobwebs from a tall-backed chair to Angus’ right. “This one belonged to King Alfred the Good from Brussels. Perfect for you, dear. Come stand behind it.” 
Fane selected a seat opposite Vanora. “Now we may all sit down. Please hold on tight to the arms of the chairs.” 
They took their seats. Vanora wrinkled her nose at the thick layer of cobwebs and dust. She wiped the seat off with her shirt sleeve and sat down. Instantly, Vanora’s chair spun around and pitched her forward onto the floor. Fane jumped to his feet. “Oh, my dear child, I am sorry. I must have gotten King Alfred’s chair mixed up with King Louis the Black. Very unpredictable man he was, and the rudest sort.” Fane pointed to another chair. “Try the seat next to that one, dear. That’s King Alfred’s for sure.”
Vanora brushed herself off and eyed the next chair. She slipped into it and squeezed her eyes tight as if expecting the worst. When nothing happened, she snapped them open and breathed a sigh of relief.
Fane held the torch high. “Everyone ready?”
Before they could reply, the ground shook and slots beneath their feet opened up. The chairs slowly lowered through the floor and the Hall of Kings disappeared above them. They sank deeper downward until they stopped with a thud in a dark chamber. Fane carried his torch in front of him to a far wall and lit two more torches. He handed one to Vanora and the other to Angus. They stood and followed him as he burned away thick drapes of cobwebs with his torch, causing a horrid smell of scorched fungus.
“Don’t touch the webbing,” Fane warned. “It’s as sharp as knives and will cut to the bone.”
Fane continued to burn the webbing away from the walls. Something scurried across Angus’ feet, then flew through the air and jumped at Fane. A black spider as big as a cat landed on the old man’s shoulder. Before he could swat at it, the thing scurried crablike across his back. It had eight jointed legs and two short forelegs that ended with giant pincers. The pincers snapped at his neck. 
Fane threw himself against the stone-wall, smashing the spider. It fell to the floor, twitched a few times and leaked a pool of putrid green from its hairy thorax. Its shovel-like jaws clacked open. Fane held his arm out, backing Angus and Vanora away. 
“I think it’s dead, but just in case, stay clear of its jaws. It spits out a dagger-like webbing, impaling its victims.”
Vanora swept her torch around the room. “There must be more of those things living in here.” She spun around. “Do I have anything on my back?”
Fane shook his head. “Shouldn’t be another one for a while. These kinds of spiders are reclusive by nature. In other words, they like to be alone.”
Angus nodded. “Good. I’ll give them all the alone time they want. Now, let’s get out of here.”  
Fane paused before stepping around the dead insect. “Blue beetles are the ones to watch out for. They travel in packs and can devour a man in minutes.” 
A prickle of fear surged through Angus. He couldn’t help imagining how quickly they could chew up someone Vanora’s size. Shuddering, he rubbed his hand down the back of his neck. 
They groped their way through the dark corridor and down a set of never ending stone steps. Vanora grabbed Angus’ arm, making him jump. “Do you think there are mice down here?” 
“Mice? Who cares about mice? Didn’t you hear him about the beetles and horrible creatures hiding in the dark? What about that sea monster and giant spider?” 
Vanora cringed. “I know, but I just can’t stand rodents. I’ve had a phobia of them for years.” 
“I don’t believe it,” Angus said. “You’re actually afraid of something.”
Vanora folded her arms. “I’m only human, just like you. What do you want… superwoman?” 
Angus patted her on the back and lowered his voice. “No, but super-exterminator would come in handy.”
Vanora’s shoulders relaxed and she smiled. “We better catch up to Fane. I don’t want to try to find my way out of here alone.”
Angus held out his torch and followed Fane with Vanora close behind. He felt an uncomfortable heat at the back of his hairline. He whirled around to see Vanora inches away, almost burning him with her torch. “Look, I know you’re scared but you can’t walk that close or you’re gonna fry me.”
She glanced over her shoulder. “Sorry, it’s just that I feel like I’m being followed.” 
“Here, walk ahead of me.”
Vanora slipped in front of him. “Thanks,” she said before hurrying to catch up with Fane. Angus paused, looking at the walls of the cavern. Distorted animals, spirals, symbols, and strange-looking beasts adorned the rocky surface. A shuffle sounded behind him. 
He whipped around and thrust the torch into the corridor, squinting to see into the dark. Nothing. He turned to hurry down the steps. Suddenly a musty smell, like old leaves, deep and stifling told him of another presence. A spine-chilling moan echoed behind him. Angus glanced over his shoulder and bolted down the winding steps until he almost collided with Fane and Vanora. 
Fane gripped his shoulders and shot a worried look behind Angus. “What is it?”
“Something—er, was behind me, it smelled rotten. I ran.”
“Rotten meat or rotten apples?”
“What?”
“Did it smell like rotten meat or rotten apples?”
“I guess it was more like rotten apples or moldy leaves. I didn’t exactly stick around to sniff it.”
Fane shrugged. “Well in that case, no worries. My best guess is that it’s Woodworm. He’s a harmless old ghost.” 
Angus snickered. “His name is Woodworm? How charming.”
“Hush!” Fane gazed into the dark. “Watch what you say. He has emotional issues. We don’t want to send him off the deep end and into a crying jag. That’s why he’s here. At first one feels sorry for him, but his snuffling, moaning and carrying on, grates on a person. Like fingernails on a chalkboard. He does it on purpose to keep people away.”
Vanora shivered. “I knew something was following us. Why is he so sad? Maybe we could help him.”
“Actually, he’s quite content. It’s those around him that can’t tolerate him. He despises the living. He’ll chase you away if you show any fear. Best to ignore him and keep moving. He’s all show. Woodworm couldn’t possibly hurt anyone.” Fane lowered his voice to a whisper. “He’s just an old rattle bones. King MacBain invited him to live here to scare intruders off. ” 
Fane motioned for them to follow, his boots echoing down the dark stone steps. With each footstep Angus peered over his shoulder to make sure Woodworm wasn’t behind him, ready to wail and scare the crud out of him. 
At the bottom of the narrow steps, Fane paused. A round passageway stood in front of them. Angus raised his torch and peered inside. Jagged stalactites, like stone daggers, hung from the ceiling. Foul water dripped down their pointed blades into deep and scummy ponds. A narrow trail between the pools weaved through the tunnel and into the dark. 
Fane inhaled a steady breath. “Don’t let the placid waters fool you. Stay clear of them.” He ducked his head, hesitated, then crept inside with Vanora and Angus close behind.
A putrid scent of decay seeped from the gloomy walls. Angus stumbled and stepped ankle deep into one of the pools. A scaly creature slithered around his foot. He jumped in a panic and ran forward. His foot landed in another frothy pool, this one deeper than the last. A slimy creature with giant suckers tried to stick to his ankle. Angus yelled and jerked his soggy foot back. Whatever gripped him almost ripped off his shoe. 
Fane rushed to his side. “Are you are all right?” Without waiting for an answer he grabbed Angus’ shoulder with his free hand. “I warned you to stay clear of the pools.” He raised his torch over the lurid waters. The flickering light revealed a huge snakelike creature undulating across the surface. The thing arched a crusty spine, leapt toward the light and plunged back into the inky depths again. Fane pulled Angus back. “Vile creatures live in these waters, dangerous nasty things. Stay clear, do you understand?”
“No problem. I just want out of here. How much farther is Ceoban?”
“Not far, maybe two more chambers. Now come. We must hurry.”
They came to a massive stone door, braced on each side by two megalithic stones, their surfaces deeply etched with interlacing circles and symbols of a seal. In the center, under a layer of dust were letters or words shaped like thin willow sticks. Fane studied Angus.
“What?” Angus asked. “Why are you staring at me?”
Fane eyed him attentively. “Do you know what this says?”
“Yeah. It says if you’re standing here in this creepy place and reading these words, you’re a nut case. How should I know what it says?” 
Vanora laughed, but Fane didn’t. His serious expression told Angus he wasn’t joking. The old man’s eyes pierced into his. “Because it’s written in your mother’s tongue.”
Angus felt like someone had socked him in the chest. “My mother? My mother was killed in a boating accident years ago. What do you know about her?”
He placed a gentle hand on Angus’ shoulder and his eyes softened. “Your mother,” Fane said in almost a whisper, “isn’t dead.”

10


“What do you mean my mother isn’t dead? You must be confused. She drowned when I was eight.”
Fane tilted his head to one side, and stared intently into Angus’ eyes. “No, she did not die. She belongs to an ancient race of people, born from the sea. And it was the sea that saved her.” 
“You’re wrong. My mom was born in Ireland.”
“No, Angus,” Fane said gently. “Your mother, Orla MacBain, is a Selkie. That’s how she survived.” 
Vanora gasped. “I knew Selkies were real!” 
“A Selkie?” Angus’ face flamed. “What’s a Selkie? Some kind of sea hag like Prudence?”
Fane shook his head. “No, just the opposite. A Selkie is a sort of seal fairy that can transform into human form by shedding its skin. To revert back to a seal they simply don their seal coats. Selkies are some of the most beautiful creatures on earth. In the old days, when a fisherman took a Selkie as a wife, he would hide her skin so she couldn’t return to the sea, but somehow they always managed to find their skins and return to the ocean depths, leaving behind their children and family for their love of the ocean.”
A lump formed in Angus’ throat. His mother was half seal? How could that be? She didn’t look like a seal. Or did she? He remembered her eyes, so dark they were almost obsidian. Round and haunting. Seal eyes. His pulse quickened. Could she really be alive?   
Fane smiled warmly, and gazed at Angus. “But this wasn’t the case with your mother. She knew where her seal skin was, but she never intended to return to her beloved ocean home. Your mother sacrificed everything to remain with you and your father.” 
“What about my father? Did he survive?”
Fane looked away. “No one knows. Your mother fled to Ceoban right after the accident. She had to get as far from you as possible. For your protection.”
“My protection?”
Fane nodded. “Oh yes, it was the Dacian knight’s power that sank the boat. Your parents were on their way to Ceoban to destroy him. Your grandfather tried to warn your father that it wasn’t the right time, that the Knight was more powerful than your father could ever imagine.” Fane lowered his voice. “Your father didn’t want you to have to deal with Dragomir when you grew up. He wanted to protect you so you would never have to do battle with him or his evil followers.”
“So why didn’t my mother come back?” 
“Because the Dacian knight would’ve followed her, and killed you both.”
“You told me he was in some sort of rocky prison. How could he follow anyone?”
“Remember how I warned you before? Don’t ever underestimate those you are not familiar with. Do you recall on the plane, when I told you I was a vampire hunter?”
“Yeah, you lied to me.”
Fane shook his head. “I didn’t lie. Dragomir is a Vampire, the oldest of them all. A murderous servant of the Dacian kings of ancient Romania. He is a psychic vampire, feasting on fears and using his mind to inflict suffering. Dragomir takes all that is good and wilts it like the flowers of summers long past.”
“Like Dracula, except smarter?”
“Vlad Tepes, or Dracula as you call him, was just a man. In fact I knew him. Not a very likeable sort, cruel and insane, but legends of his vampirism were tales made up by men who feared him. Dragomir, unfortunately, is no mere mortal. He’s a dark enchanter, capable of great evil and centuries older than Count Dracula.”
Anger swelled up from Angus’ chest, threatening to choke him with bitterness. “All this time, I thought my mother was dead. Now you’re telling me she’s alive?”
Fane nodded.
Angus turned the news over in his mind and the anger quickly left, replaced with a great leap of excitement. His mother was alive? Impossible as it seemed, Angus wanted this more than anything. He held his breath, afraid to even breathe, but then asked, “Is she still in Ceoban?”
“I don’t know,” Fane said. “She’s in hiding, and I haven’t seen her for many moons. We’ll have to ask the sea that question. But for now we must make haste. We do not want to alert Dragomir that we are coming. We must take care. He has many friends in the vile maggot holes of these caves.”
Fane placed his hand on the center of the door. He spread his fingers wide and brushed away the silt and dust. “Now read the sign and tell me what it says.”
Angus stepped forward and studied the writing. He shook his head. “None of it makes any sense.”
Fane gripped Angus’ shoulder. “Concentrate.”
Angus stared at the letters. Some were fat and filled with moss while others were long and stick-like, chiseled deep into the belly of the stone door. Angus squinted and studied the strange drawings. Fane held the torch closer. As the light wavered over Angus’ shoulder, the etching transformed into letters and then into words.
Angus read them aloud. “Hall of Dargis sealed by orders of Silktus, King of the Selkies. Beware to fools who enter her doors of doom, for only death awaits them.”
Angus cut his eyes at Fane. “Let me guess. We’re going to be the first fools to enter this hall since it’s been sealed for a gazillion years, right?” 
“I’m afraid so. We have no choice.”
“Great,” Angus turned away, wondering if there was a way to get out of this predicament without seeming like a chicken—but if there was a chance, a single chance, of seeing his mother again, he couldn’t waste it. If he didn’t get killed trying.
A bulky brass lock, carved in the shape of a salmon, secured the door. Its oval eyes stared straight ahead, expressionless. Fane stepped forward and fingered the scales on the fish’s head. “Ah, the symbol of knowledge. The race of Selkies are among the wisest people in the universe. Now we must get this lock off and remove the chains as silently as we can. We must not alert those that dwell on the other side.” Fane scratched his long, white beard. “It may be impossible, but we must try.” He held out his hand, palm up. “Give me your book.”
Angus tugged it from his pocket and handed it to him. Fane tucked the book under his arm and sat on a slimy rock. He reached into his vest pocket and retrieved his half moon spectacles. A frown creased his brow as he slipped them on, fitting them around his ears, and flipped the book open. 
Vanora came to Angus’ side, nudged him with her elbow, and whispered, “My dad would flip over the hieroglyphics in this place.” She pointed to the lock. “Just look at that fish, every scale looks real. How are we going to open it?”
Angus’ pulse raced. He grabbed for the dragon medallion and inserted the tail. The lock clicked open. Without warning the chain clamored and the lock broke in half and started to fall. 
Fane jumped to his feet and lunged for the lock, but it slipped past the tips of his long fingers and shattered on the rocky floor. The chains slithered down the walls and clanked onto the floor. Thunderous vibrations echoed across the dark cavern. 
A heavy dragging sound came from behind the closed door. Fane’s eyes blazed like coals. “They’ve awakened!”
“Who?” Angus asked. 
Fane ignored him, frantically trying to put the lock back on the doors. 
Vanora gave the old man a withering glare. “I demand to know what’s behind these doors.” 
Fane’s face paled. “Rats. Thousands of them.”
“Rats?” Vanora grimaced. Her gaze faltered for the first time and Angus wondered if she was regretting becoming involved in his problems. 
“I hate rats,” Vanora said. “But let’s look on the bright side, they don’t like fire and we have our torches so it shouldn’t be a big deal unless they’re dripping from the ceiling.” 
“No!” Fane snapped, making Angus jump. “These are no ordinary rats. These are Dragomir’s children, brought with him from Romania. They stand on two legs and are cursed with an insatiable thirst for blood. Speed and slyness are their gifts. The dried husks of their prey are the only evidence you'll ever find of them. They attack and sneak away unnoticed. They’ve often been mistaken for cats in folklore. No matter how successful they are in finding human flesh, they are never satisfied. Their intense hunger is only matched by their need for cruelty.” 
Angus fought the urge to run. “Is this the only way?”
“Yes, it’s the only passage into the other halls.” Fane inhaled a troubled breath and continued. “It’s important that you keep the rats at a distance. Even if you manage not to be eaten, their bodies teem with fleas and other vermin. They were the cause of the black plague in the dark times. They purposely passed their vermin on to regular rats who were aboard a cargo ship that docked at Staffa. In short, they are the ones responsible for millions of deaths.”
Vanora’s eyes closed. Was she saying a prayer? Perhaps it was a good idea. 
Fane drew out a long piece of crisp white chalk from his vest pocket and snapped it in half. He handed a piece each to Angus and Vanora. “If, for some unfortunate reason, you are cornered, I want you to draw a cross on the stone floor and stand in the center. If you do this, they cannot harm you, like travelers attacked at crossroads; those that stay in the middle of the road come to no harm.” Fane shot a worried look at the door. He wet his lips with the tip of his tongue and continued, “Now that the door is unlocked, they can attack us at anytime. My guess is that they are listening to us and plotting. To our advantage, their sight has probably grown dim in this confinement, but nonetheless they naturally have a heightened sense of hearing and smell.” Fane grasped the iron door handle. “I’m going to hold them off the best I can.” 
As the old man’s fingers began to turn it, Angus inhaled a deep breath. His heart ping-ponged. Would the things spring out and attack? Or would they wait, hiding in the dark until just the right moment to rip them apart? Angus adjusted his backpack and steadied his feet on the rough floor. Fane heaved open the limestone door. Stone ground against stone, putrid air trapped for centuries escaped with a violent gust.
A spark of nervous energy sizzled down Angus’ spine. Should he grab Vanora and bolt? They could make a run for it, escape for good. But how would he ever find out if his mother was alive for sure? His grandfather’s voice boomed in his head. “You’ve got to be brave, laddie. There are things you must do, things that…” 
Angus’ back stiffened as Fane stepped inside. Vanora gripped his arm. Her eyelid twitched. “Are you going…in there?” 
“I have to. I have to know if my mother is alive. I’m sorry you got dragged into this.”
Vanora shrugged. “Maybe I’ll find some great discovery for my dad. He’s been made fun of for so many years.” Her lower lip trembled. “If we survive, maybe I can bring him back a rare fossil or something.” 
Angus set his jaw and squeezed Vanora’s forearm. “Don’t get all soggy on me now. We’ll make it. We’ve come this far. It can’t be much farther.” 
Vanora pursed her lips. “I’m not going to cry. It’s just that I’m petrified of rats.” She shivered, wrapped her arms around herself, and nodded at the dark entrance. “And I hate the thought of going in there.” 
Angus placed a large hand on her shoulder. “Just stay close and try not to worry. I’ll protect you.”
Vanora gave him a weak smile that somehow made him feel strong. He liked being her protector, even if he really wasn’t as brave as he put on. 
They held their torches high and crept into the dark chamber. Angus gagged at the foul smell. Vanora pulled the neck of her T-shirt over her nose.
Angus’ throat constricted then relaxed. The chamber appeared empty. Where had the rats gone? Probably hiding, waiting till their victims grew more secure in the freaky surroundings—if such a thing were possible. 
Vanora tapped Angus on the shoulder. Her eyes glistened with hope. “They must have died,” she whispered. “Without any food they probably all starved.”
Angus nodded. He didn’t remind her of the sounds they’d heard moments ago. Just then, out of the corner of his eye, the end of a long tail slithered around the corner. 
In the torchlight, Fane’s face tightened into a mask of wrinkles. “We must keep going and when we reach a certain point I need you to do exactly as I instruct.”
Angus nodded while they plunged into the darkness, creeping into the dark behind Fane. Ahead, a narrow passageway branched off in two directions. Fane paused, peering down one of the dark and musty tunnels. Chew marks and scratches covered the walls. 
“Which way?” Angus asked.
Fane scowled and nodded at the crude tunnel. “This way leads to their nest. I will hold them back while you escape through the next maze of tunnels. Take the first three rights, then a left. When you come to a dead-end, use the chalk and draw a doorway out. They cannot tolerate iron so be sure to write the word across the face of the door, so they can’t follow you.”
“We can’t just leave you.…” 
A loud scuffle echoed from the darkness. Fane clasped a hand over Angus’ mouth and hissed into his ear. “Silence! Now go!” 
Fane released his grip on Angus and with a wave of his hand ushered them away. They wove through another series of vile tunnels, each more dank and loathsome than the next, until they reached a stone wall.
A terrible shriek echoed from somewhere in the dark. 
Angus fumbled for the chalk; panic constricted his throat like a drawstring pulled too tight. He reached deep into his pocket, gripped the chalk and frantically drew a door. The sides came out all crooked and the chalk broke in his hand. With the stub he sketched a doorknob and wrote the word iron across the front. Then he stepped back and waited. Nothing happened. He’d known it had to be too good to be true. Who ever heard of drawing a picture on a wall and having it turn out real?
All at once smoke rose around the chalk outline. A light as bright as a welder’s torch sent sparks along the wall. 
A real door took shape. A heavy iron door. 
“Wow!” Vanora squealed. “That’s so cool!” 
Angus gripped the doorknob and jerked his hand back from the heat. He wrapped his jacket around the knob and pulled open the door. They bolted inside and Angus slammed the door behind them. He surveyed the massive room. They stood inside a beautiful crystal cave so high and vast that it felt like they were outside. Except instead of a night sky, a ceiling towered overhead with glowing iridescent crystals for stars. A few feet away, a deep lagoon flowed. 
Vanora spun around and smiled. “What is this place?” 
“I don’t know. I think it’s some sort of crystal cavern,” Angus answered.
Vanora’s eyes twinkled with excitement. “It’s just like my grandma’s jewelry box.” 
Vanora knelt next to the sparkling water. “It looks and smells so pure.” 
Angus shrugged off his backpack and crouched beside her, dipping his hand into the water. It felt cool and silky yet it had the grit of salt. “There must be an underground passage from the ocean.”
Vanora nodded. “I’m sure there is.”
Brilliant blue, pink, and green crystals reflected off the tranquil waters making the room come alive with light. On the floor, underneath rocky pontoons, gentle streams of turquoise waters flowed under the cave walls and into the lagoon.
Vanora sat on a rock. “Can we just stop and rest for a second?” 
“Sure,” Angus said. “For just a little while, then we better get going.”
“Must be exciting finding out you’re a king.”
Angus shrugged off his pack and sat beside her. “I’m more excited about finding my mom and getting the heck out of here.”
“Bet you miss New York and all your friends.”
“Not really. I miss my grandpa. Never had many friends. I like to hang alone and I’m not really into sports.”
“Why not? Bet you’re good at football.”
“Why, because of my size?”
“Well, no offense, but aren’t most big guys good at contact sports?” 
“Not me,” Angus sighed. “I tried football once. It wasn’t pretty. Knocked some geeky little kid clean out.”
Vanora laughed.
“But I am strong,” Angus quickly added. “I can lift almost anything. Pretty good at arm wrestling too.”
“Guess everyone has something they’re good at. Mine seems to be annoying people.”
“I don’t think you’re so bad,” Angus said. “I like you.” 
Vanora blushed and Angus suddenly felt uncomfortable. “We need to keep moving and find Fane.” Angus shouldered his pack. “I’m worried about him. Hopefully he got away and can find us.”
Vanora got to her feet, brushing off her backside. “I’m sure he’ll be all right. At least I hope so.” 
“Let’s go,” Angus said. “Stay close.” 
They ducked around a long stalactite shaped like a candy cane and ventured deeper into the cavern. Angus climbed over a mound of crystals and debris to a rocky path. He followed the stone walkway while Vanora tagged along behind, studying the formations. They rounded a corner and came to a sudden dead end. In front of them stood a stalactite carved into a giant Celtic cross. Next to it stood a marble altar. Above the altar, six giant animal heads protruded from the wall. The first was an ugly eel, followed by an elephant with its trunk upraised, a growling wolfhound, a wild boar, a lion, and a majestic stag. Gaelic words were etched deep into the stone. Angus took out his grandfather’s book, but none of the creatures were in it.
“There has to be a way out of here.” Vanora chewed her lower lip. “And I’m not going to go back out the way we came in, so don’t even suggest it.”
“No, I guess I’ll have to get wet and see if the water leads out of here to the ocean. If I draw another door we’ll still be stuck inside more caverns.”
Vanora’s brow wrinkled as she studied the writing. “Wait, look at this, it says something about a way out.” Her lips moved soundlessly as her eyes tracked across the writing. She wiped away dust and dirt with two fingers. “It says to pick an animal but beware. If you pick the wrong one it will come to life and kill everyone in sight.”
Angus raised an eyebrow. “Oh, is that all?”
Vanora ignored him. “It also says you must reach inside the mouth of the animal and pick your prize or…” She screwed up her face. “. . .Or pick its teeth, I can’t tell which.”
Angus scowled. “I’m going with pick a prize.”
He was about to touch shaky fingers to the head of the first creature when a high-pitched wail came from behind him. Vanora screamed and clamped down on Angus’ arm. Her fingers pinched into his skin. They whirled around. A ghostly male face, paler than any normal human, floated inches above them. The figure was almost translucent, but there was no hiding its shaggy beard and phantom features. Its gray tunic with chain-mail sleeves bore the MacBain crest.
It opened its mouth to wail again when Vanora released her hold on Angus’ arm and stepped around him. She pointed a finger at the apparition’s nose. “I don’t know what you think you’re doing, but sneaking up behind people and wailing is just plain rude.” 
The eyes of the ghost widened, then narrowed. It hovered closer. “How dare you speak to me in such a forward manner? Don’t you know who I am?”
Vanora screwed up her face. “Let me guess. You’re Woodworm. And how dare you sneak up and shriek in my ear?”
“That’s Mister Woodworm to you, and it’s my job to shriek. What do you expect me to do, you little ninny?”
Vanora balled up her fists. “Who do you think you’re calling a ninny?”
Angus pulled her to the side. “Stop it,” he hissed into her ear. “If we suck up to him, maybe we can get some information out of him. I bet he knows the way out.”
Vanora gritted her teeth and released a long breath, then nodded for him to go ahead. 
Angus turned back to Woodworm and forced a smile. “You must be pretty good at finding your way around. We sure would like to get out of here and out of your way. Could you tell us how?”
Floating inches from Angus’ face, Woodworm put a hand to his chin and rolled his eyes upward as if in deep thought. He opened his mouth to speak, then he crossed his arms across his chest. “I would do so gladly, for you, sir, but not for the rude ninny.”
Vanora leapt forward. “How dare you!” 
Woodworm floated to a cave wall, and right before vanishing stuck out his tongue at her. 
Her face turned red. “What nerve.”
“Great, he’s gone. Thanks a lot, now we have no help.”
“So you’re mad at me for sticking up for myself?”
“Help getting out of here would’ve been nice.”
A clammy finger feathered across Angus’ shoulders. He slapped the back of his neck. Woodworm had returned and now floated on his side with his head resting on the palm of his hand. “You know I can hear every word you whisper to the ninny. I’ll help you get out of this cavern but only because I want my peace and quiet back.”
Vanora slit her eyes at the ghost. “Why don’t you just tell us how and we’ll get outta your way?”
Woodworm let out a loud, obnoxious yawn. “All right, anything to get rid of you.” He smirked and floated close to Vanora. “The way out is simple, and if you weren’t such a little ninny-pants, you’d have figured it out already. What you need to do is insert your hand inside one of the beast’s mouth. Inside the mouth of each animal are different treasures, to be used to pay your fare aboard a ship. Now there are five beasts to choose from, each representing a different ship. If you don’t select the correct ship the beast will come to life, tear itself from the wall and eat you. If you pick the right one you will be taken to where King MacBain’s shield is held. According to legend you will need the shield to defeat Dragomir. But you already knew that, I’m sure.”
“No I didn’t,” Angus said.  
Woodworm looked surprised, then sniffed and rolled his eyes. “Well that’s not very reassuring. Now listen carefully, the names of the ships are, The Dark Doubloon represented by the Eel. The Angry Executioner, represented by the lion.” Woodworm held his hands together and grimaced. “I wouldn’t want to stick my hand in that one. He’s all teeth, you know. Anyhow, the bull elephant represents the Serpent Of The Seven Seas. The Howling Hangman, by the Irish wolfhound. The Cursed Compass by the wild boar and last but not least, The Bloody Battle Ax, which is represented by the highland stag.”
Angus frowned. “How are we supposed to know which one to pick?”
The apparition shrugged. “How should I know? This is your quest, not mine.”
“You’ve only been here for hundreds of years. How could you not know?”
“It’s been hundreds of years since a MacBain or any other human has been in this place. I’ve been at peace and rest… until now. So hurry up and get on with it, so I can rid myself of your irritating presence. I can’t tell you what beast to pick. You must sense which one is right. ”
Angus studied the figureheads, walked over to them and stood in front of each animal. The stag with its massive antlers looked the friendliest, but if it sprang to life it could gore him with its horrible rack of horns. 
Vanora moved to Angus’ side. “I think the choice is really quite simple.”
He raised an eyebrow. “How?”
“It has to be between The Bloody Battle Ax and The Highland Stag.”
“Why?”
“It’s the only Scottish sounding one, not to mention it’s the only thing that represents a weapon. The rest are ships named after people, tools and animals.” 
Woodworm swooped at Angus’ head. “I think the Ninny’s right, you know, though I hate to agree with her.”
Angus took a deep breath, stepped forward, and inserted his fingers into the stag’s gaping mouth. Warm moisture coated his hand as he brushed past its pink tongue. 
The animal’s eyes blinked. 
“ARRRRR!” 
Angus jumped and jerked his hand out. Woodworm held his sides and did somersaults in the air, laughing hysterically. “So sorry Ninny-kins, I couldn’t help myself.”
Angus balled his hands into fists. “Do you think you can control yourself ? If not, then please leave or I’m callin’ an exorcist.” 
Woodworm’s eyes flared open. “No, no. Please do continue. I promise to behave myself.”
Angus reached inside the mouth again, feeling the pink tongue tickle the palm of his hand. Moist air flowed up his arm, as if the animal was breathing. Alive. His fingers grazed a round, smooth object. Angus wrapped his hand around it and snatched it out of the stag’s mouth.  
A polished rose stone, the size of a marble, rested in his palm. 
Woodworm floated close to Angus’ shoulder. “Well, well. Good choice ninny-kins. Now you have your fare, but,” he tilted his head and hovered up several feet as if he were about to impart some undesirable information, “according to legend, you must also sacrifice something of yourself. Something highly personal. You must toss it into the water.” Woodworm paused, then raised an eyebrow. “From what I hear, the Banshee has your shield. So take great care. She’s the harbinger of death, you know.”
Angus fingered the dragon amulet inside his shirt. He took the chain off his neck and clutched it to his chest. Tears burned his eyes as he studied it for the last time. 
Vanora gasped. “No, Angus, there must be something else we can use. How about your grandfather’s book.”
Angus shook his head angrily. “There’s no other way. We’ll need the book to get us out of here.”
He held the amulet to his chest, paused, and then tossed it into the water. It landed with a plunk. Angus’ stomach fell as he watched the neckpiece waft down. He stared at it till it was out of sight. Woodworm flew to one side of the cave. Worry creased his brow and half of him disappeared inside the wall. 
The placid waters churned to a boil, transforming from a pretty turquoise into a decaying gray. Within seconds, waves three, four, five feet high towered over their heads. Amazingly, not a drop splashed onto them. Angus watched in awe as a pirate ship rose from the depths. Vanora stood next to him with her mouth open, her eyes wide. Seaweed and crusty barnacles clung to the ship’s hull like Neptune’s hair. On the bow an ornately carved figurehead of a stag with ruby eyes, leaned boldly forward. Looming high above it, rotten canvas sails dripped with water. Standing on the lantern-lit deck, the remains of a skeletal pirate crew stood ready. Their skulls bore helmets adorned with horns and armor plates no doubt made of looted gold. 
A longboat lowered from the ship’s side, cast through the waves, oars rowing with unseen hands. It bumped to a stop at their feet. At first it appeared no one manned the boat, then in the water’s reflection Angus saw a flash of a skeletal figure. That’s when he realized he was still holding Vanora’s hand, squeezing it tight.
Angus dropped it fast, swallowed hard, grabbed hold of the gunwale and took a step. He stood, one foot in the boat, and one on the cave floor. He put out a hand to her. At first she held back, her eyes bugged out of her head—whether because of the new apparition or because he’d taken her hand in a moment of fear, he didn’t know. He felt lame for being so weak. What had he been thinking? She probably thought he was a total wimp. Finally, she accepted his hand and stepped in. They waited, but the boat didn’t move. 
At the oars sat a skeleton wearing a black bandana wrapped around its skull, a long sword at its side and the tattered remnants of clothes. It leaned forward and stretched out its bony hand toward Angus who froze in bewilderment.
“I think he wants you to pay the fare,” Vanora said, not moving her eyes from the skeleton.
Angus dropped the rose stone into its hand, if all those bones could be called a hand. The thing snatched the object and rowed swiftly through the waters, past the ship and into the murky darkness. 
“Where is it taking us?”
“To where the shield is, I guess.”
“I thought we were going on the ship?” Vanora said, frowning.
Angus shrugged. “I don’t know. Guess not.”
They both turned and waved good-bye to Woodworm, who waved back with a linen hankie before blowing his nose.
They rowed deeper into the darkness. The oars dipped in and out of the water with a rhythmic splashing sound. The cavern gradually widened into a vast body of stinking water. An overpowering scent of rot filled the stagnate air. Dead fish floated belly-up in congealed blood. Decaying lizards, frogs, and turtles bobbed on the filmy surface covered in algae and sludge. Angus’ stomach roiled. To think a few moments ago he’d felt the pangs of hunger.
Lights flickered ahead. Out of the gloom a towering castle came into view, surrounded by putrid waters on all sides. Near a small pier, a rocky path paved with crushed skulls led from the shoreline. It wound up like a snake to a set of steep black steps high overhead. The skeleton dropped one oar. Its boney fingers pointed to the castle. 
Angus got to his feet and stepped out of the boat. Vanora followed. They waited as the skeleton reached into the belly of the rowboat and produced an hourglass. It tipped the glass over; the sand started to fall.
“I think he’s only giving us a short time to get back before he leaves us,” Vanora said. 
“Let’s hurry.” Angus grabbed her hand. This time with confidence. He liked the way her small hand felt in his, the comfort it gave him. They jogged along the pathway and up the winding steps. 
Vanora pulled up her sleeve and glanced at her watch. Struggling to catch her breath she said. “At this time of the night…the Banshee will be out collecting the dead.” She inhaled and let it all out slow, then finished all in one breath. “We’ll have to hurry. If the legend is true, she returns home at midnight and its almost eleven right now!” 
They hurried to an imposing set of wooden doors, flanked by stone columns covered in moss. Bold brass hinges extended the entire width. Angus gripped the steely handles and pushed the doors open.

11


The doors creaked open. Angus and Vanora crept into a long, dark hallway of moldering stone walls. Pewter brackets, shaped like moaning skulls, held burning torches. Angus grabbed one and took a step forward. Something crunched beneath his shoes and he lowered the torch to the floor. Bloody animal bones littered the flagstone. He grimaced and kicked the bones away. The motion bared a circular space. Something caught his eye. It looked like deep gouges in the floor. He used the side of his shoe to wipe away more debris, trying not to wonder if these were animal or human bones. Words and numbers etched deep into the floor caught his eye. His stomach lurched with a horrifying realization. 
“What are you looking at?” Vanora said impatiently. “Come on.”
“The floor.” Angus swallowed hard. “It’s made from headstones.” 
Vanora scattered more of the bones with her shoe and knelt beside him. “How awful! She must have robbed hundreds of graves.” 
A flutter sounded overhead and Angus stared upward. 
Vanora sighed. “What is it now?”
Angus put a finger to his lips and pointed up. 
Giant bats hung upside down from the ceiling. The scent of mold and urine drifted downward.
Angus grimaced. “Bats.” 
“Angus?” Vanora whispered.
“What?”
“I don’t think those things are bats.”
“What else would they be?”
“Look,” she said, raising her torch. “It had a long slithering tail and a furry coat. No way those are bats.”
“What the heck are they then?”
“I think they’re baby Dargis.” Vanora shuddered. “Those rat things Fane told us about.” 
Angus flipped his jacket collar up, protecting his exposed neck. “Let’s just get the shield and get out.”
They stood a second and flashed the torch around, trying to get their bearings. Angus made sure to keep one eye on the ceiling and both feet ready to run in case any of the things woke up. 
“This way,” Angus said pointing at a dark hallway. 
They hurried down the shadowy corridor. Crusty cobwebs wrapped around Angus’ throat and Vanora pulled one off her face. 
“Yuk,” she said. “Do I have anything in my hair?”
Angus cringed, swiped the sticky web away, and glanced at her head. “I don’t think so.” 
Brittle cocooned insects tangled in his fingers. He tried to flick them to the floor, but they stuck to his flesh as if sewed on. He rubbed them off on his pant leg and ducked around another sticky web.
At the end of the corridor they entered a large banquet hall. Torchlight danced on the gray walls. A Moorish style table and chairs with cloven feet stood in the center of the room. Goblets decorated with black widow spiders etched from onyx with rubies for their ugly red bellies sat waiting for guests. A half-eaten rack of strange looking ribs with a long hairy tailbone lay in the center of the table covered with green mossy mold. Behind the table, stained-glass windows stared into blackness. 
“Quick, let’s split up and search for the shield,” Vanora said, striding to the other side of the room. 
Angus searched near the fireplace. Nothing but dust and cobwebs. He watched as Vanora inspected a gabled bookcase stuffed into the far corner. She fingered the leather bound books and quickly jerked her hand back. The books started to rumble, then jumped up and down, one shot out onto the floor with a bang. An ugly foaming mouth with sharp teeth took shape on the purple vellum cover. 
Vanora held her hand out. “Stay back. It’s a book about rabies.” 
She slunk backwards, keeping an eye on the novel. On the cover, the thing seemed to be smiling at them. All at once, the grin died, the mouth snapped shut and green foam spilled out onto the floor from between its clenched teeth. 
The foaming goo oozed across the floor near his feet. He scanned the room. Part of him expected to see Archibald Snooker, a kid from his old school, famous for his practical jokes. Seemed more and more like this whole adventure was a giant joke—or a nightmare. That was it; Vanora wasn’t real, Fane wasn’t real. Neither were the caves or Woodworm, he was experiencing a plain and simple nightmare. What a relief because he’d waken and this whole thing would be over. But what about his mother? That part he wanted more than anything to be real.
“Come on, let’s search the rest of this freaky place and get out before the Banshee comes back.”
A mournful squawk made Angus jump. The squawk sounded again. 
Vanora rushed to a big steel birdcage suspended from the ceiling with a black cape thrown over it. “She’s got a poor bird trapped in here.” 
“Don’t!” Angus yelled just as she whipped off the cape.
Two hideous black vultures with fat red jiggly necks glared down at them. They battered themselves against the bars of the cage, snapping their beaks, shrieking and scattering feathers and crusty mites in all directions. 
Angus slapped at a quarter-sized mite crawling up the back of his neck, and caught it as it burrowed into his hairline. He flicked it off the end of his index finger and smashed it with his sneaker. 
He tossed the cape back over the cage but the birds screamed in unison, “Intruders! Intruders!”
“Come on,” Angus shouted, panic filling his belly. “We have to find the shield.”
They bolted back down the way they came and into the other corridor which led into a massive kitchen. Angus spotted the shield, roughly the size of a saucer sled with his family crest etched across the front, hanging above a great rock fireplace.
Below the shield, blocking their way, a giant cauldron boiled over a roaring fire. Angus crept closer to the flames and peered into the pot. What was in it? Was the Banshee boiling the flesh off someone’s bones? He craned his neck and stared into the cauldron. Blobs of milky white sheets and bits of clothes floated in soapy water. Angus’ tense shoulders relaxed, and then he noticed the look of horror on Vanora’s face.
“What is it?”
Vanora voice squeaked. “The Banshee washes the clothes and sheets of those close to death.”
“Why?”
“From what I’ve read, it seals their fate. We have to get the clothes out of there and toss them into the fire. It’ll save the person from death…if it’s not too late.” Angus picked up the stir stick and dipped it into the pot, capturing a piece of purple fabric. He lifted it up and started to heave it out. And stopped. Tears sprang into his eyes. Clinging to the end was Fane’s purple vest. 
Angus hurled it into the fire.
Vanora gulped. “Is that what I think it is?”
Angus shook his head. “We never should have left him.”
“It doesn’t mean he’s dead. It seals someone’s fate—not that they’re dead already. Maybe Fane’s badly wounded. You probably just saved him by burning it. Toss the rest into the fire and let’s get out of here.”
Angus wrapped his fingers around the stick again and hooked it on more of the clothes when a pair of bulging black eyes snapped open on the front of the caldron. 
“What do you think you’re doing? Get away from me,” the pot demanded. 
Before Angus could reply, the pot screamed, “Guard! Guard!”
Vanora gave the pot a kick and turned it over. Water streamed up as it hit the blazing fire. The pot screamed even louder as the fire fizzled out. 
Angus climbed over the screaming caldron and stretched above the hearth to reach the shield. His fingertips grazed the rim. It dropped from its perch, clamored down the wall, missed the caldron by inches, and landed on the floor with a bang. 
He bent to grab it when he caught movement out of the corner of his eye. A few feet to the right of the fireplace, a giant flap was cut into the wall, like a doggie door for a Great Dane. The flap wriggled as if caught on a breeze. A terrible growl sounded. The flap flew open and a massive head and neck pushed its way out. 
Steel hands erupted from the cauldron and clamped around his ankles like leg irons. 
“Let go of me, or I’ll make scrap iron out of you,” Angus snarled.
The pot sneered and pulled Angus’ leg toward its sharp teeth. Angus spotted a rusty weak spot on the side of the cauldron. He slammed his fist down hard. The pot released its hold on him and whistled to the beast at the doggie door. 
Angus wheeled around. A whole head stuck through the door, holding the flap open. The beast locked mucous colored eyes on him. The snout looked powerful enough to break stone. The head was covered in a bristly white fur; a black streak ran down its neck. It looked almost like a dog, but it wasn’t a dog.
“What is that thing?” Angus asked.
Vanora gulped. “It’s a Dobharchú. A water hound. Part otter, part dog. ”
“It’s huge. Do you think it’s dangerous?”
She nodded. “Deadly.” 
Angus tucked the shield under his arm and backed away. “Move slowly and don’t make any sudden moves,” he whispered. 
They took two steps away when the beast burst through the door flap, tearing the wall out with it. Its claws rasped against the stone floor as it scrabbled for traction.
“Go, go!” Angus screamed. 
They thundered down the decrepit hallway to the front door. The pack Angus carried swung back and forth making it hard to run fast. 
The Dargis, still sleeping upside down from the ceiling, awoke from the commotion and at least a hundred of them barreled down, tangling themselves into Angus’ clothing. 
“Arrrr!” Vanora screamed. “They’re in my hair!”
Angus lunged forward and swatted them away, wrenching open the door with the water hound at his heels. He slammed the double doors in the Dobharchú’s face, and Vanora bolted them shut. From the other side came the explosive sounds of the enraged Dobharchú ramming into the door with its massive head. The wood groaned, but didn’t break. Angus didn’t know how long it could hold out against the rampage. 
They dashed down the bone chip pathway, stumbling and tripping down the hill. Fifty feet from the dock, Angus slid to a stop. The skeleton was rowing away! They were too late!
“Wait!” Angus shouted. 
The skeleton kept on going. Vanora reached the shoreline first and dove off the pier into the water. Angus ran close behind, plunging into the water and coming up waist deep. He wanted to shout for Vanora to wait, that he couldn’t swim with the shield under one arm, but just then a thrashing sound came to him from the shrubbery near the path. 
He didn’t need to be told the Dobharchú had broken through the door and was at their heels. Angus bent his knees, letting the water come up to his chin—and dogpaddled one-armed for all he was worth—because he sure wouldn’t be worth much if that creature sank its teeth into him. 
Vanora heaved herself into the boat, leaning over the edge, fingers stretched out to him. “Angus hurry! Come on!” 
Angus reached the boat, tossed the shield inside, and pulled himself in. 
He grinned at Vanora. “We made it.”
Vanora wasn’t smiling. Angus frowned. “What’s the matter with you?”
“Dobharchú are water hounds. They can swim.”
Angus watched in horror as the beast dove into the water. 

12


The skeleton didn’t seem to notice the Dobharchú swimming closer. The creature’s massive body rose and fell with heavy plunges before it vanished beneath the waves. Angus’ chest tightened with fear, because it swam at least twice as fast as the skeleton rowed. Holding his breath, Angus leaned over the gunwale. A whirlpool eddied about twenty feet away, in the murky water where the creature dove. 
“Where is it?” Angus shouted, searching the rippling surface. 
Vanora clutched the rails with white knuckles, her gaze shifting from one side of the vessel to the other. She shot Angus a worried look. “What if it comes up underneath and capsizes the boat?”
Angus surveyed the dark surroundings. If the boat were smashed to bits, they might drown. If the creature didn’t eat them before they even got wet. And if they managed to survive, could they find their way to another cavern? What other creatures lived in those inky waters?  
Vanora grabbed his arm, her whole body shook. 
“Don’t worry,” Angus said, trying to sound brave. “If it tips us over, I’ll try to distract it while you swim to shore.”
“I couldn’t just leave you.”
“It’s okay,” Angus said. “I’m a strong swimmer.” 
The Dobharchú exploded from the depths with such force it created a wave that half filled the boat. Row upon row of teeth snapped. Three-inch long claws gouged the wood as it tried to scramble aboard, jerking the ship hard to one side. The boat rocked dangerously, Vanora screamed. Angus grabbed the shield just as it threatened to wash overboard. 
The skeleton’s empty eye sockets blazed red as if it finally appeared to notice the situation. It rose to its feet and beat at the Dobharchú’s head with an oar. 
Enraged, the creature bit the paddle, ripping out a chunk of wood. The skeleton dropped the oar into the boat, reached to his side and drew a silver sword from a rusty scabbard. The long curved blade glinted in the lantern light. The Dobharchú’s massive jaws snapped at Angus’ legs. He kicked at the snarling beast, adrenaline racing into his veins. 
The ghostly pirate lunged forward and with one thrust stabbed the monster, the long blade disappearing into its neck. The creature let out a gurgling howl, and foamy drool splattered Angus’ face. 
After what seemed like an eternity, the Dobharchú’s claws rasped down the sides of the boat as it sank. The shadowy waters glowed crimson.
Angus wiped off his face with the back of his sleeve and pulled up his soggy pant leg. 
Vanora studied his leg. “Did it get you?”
Angus shook his head, keeping a cautious eye on the restless water in case the beast wasn’t really dead. 
The skeleton casually sheathed the sword as if nothing had happened. He sat down slowly, his bones creaking. The phantom stretched out his arms, wrapped his fingers around the oar handles, and rowed silently into the dark. 
They traveled through endless tunnels and caverns overgrown with vegetation feasting on the thin gray moonlight filtering down from cracks in the ceiling. About after a mile, at least it seemed that long, Angus finally tore his gaze from the water behind them. 
Vanora had fallen asleep stretched across the stern, not moving except for an occasional shiver. If he had a blanket, or even a jacket, he would’ve covered her with it. Thankfully, she hadn’t been harmed in the attack. He couldn’t bear to lose her, his only friend. Angus’ eyes drifted shut, but only for a moment. He couldn’t allow himself to sleep. He needed to watch over Vanora while she rested and he feared what lay hidden in the dark folds of the cave. 
They sailed past dark intersections, tunnels, and chasms. Niches of blackness filled with strange sounds made Angus glad he didn’t know what creatures lurked inside. 
Moments later, the longboat bumped into a rocky ledge that led into yet another dark cavern. The entranceway glowed with luminous green moss. White mineral stones hardened, and rounded smooth by water and time, protruded from the walls like popcorn. 
A voice broke into Angus’ mind. 
Angus, tell me where you are?  
His heart hammered. Fane! So he wasn’t dead! 
Angus closed his eyes and concentrated hard. “We’ve just landed at a bright cavern with glowing green moss.”
Do you have the shield? 
“Yes.” 
Good. Follow the narrow passage and I’ll meet you at the end.
“Who are you talking to?” Vanora said, rubbing her eyes.
“It sounds nuts, but just now Fane’s voice popped into my head telling me what to do. Not sure how to explain it, but it’s like he’s standing next to me. But it’s coming from inside my head.”
“You mean like telepathy?”
“Yes.”
“What did he say?”
“He said to keep going and he’d meet us at the next passageway.”
Vanora yawned. “Whether the voice is real or not, I wish we could stop and rest somewhere. I’m exhausted.”
“Rest? And have something sneak up on us?”
Vanora nodded. “You’re right, I know. I’m just so tired.”
“We’ll have plenty of time to relax when this is over.”
She rolled her eyes. “Like this is ever gonna be over.”
“I bet your father’s worried.”
“I guess, hope he won’t ground me for the summer.”
Angus stood up in the boat, stepped past the skeleton and onto the rocky ledge. The skeleton reached out and seized him by the arm. Angus tried to jerk away, but the skeleton held fast. Panic rose in his chest and formed a solid lump that dropped into his gut. Was it after his shield? The bony creature leaned over and grabbed the lantern from the bow and handed it to him.
“Stop freaking out,” Vanora said. “He’s just trying to give you the light.”
“Oh,” Angus said, feeling silly. He nodded to the skeleton and took the lantern. He set the light and the shield down and offered a hand to Vanora. 
She stretched, arching her back like a cat and yawned before taking hold of Angus’ hand and climbing out. 
Still wordless, the skeleton slid the oars into the water and rowed into the darkness. 
“Thank you,” Angus called to it.
Just before the boat slipped out of sight, the skeleton’s eyes blazed and it tipped its head to him.
Somewhere in the near distance came an angry screech. Vanora sucked in a breath. She looked up at Angus, her face white with terror. “It’s the Banshee. She’s coming for the shield. We have to get out of here!”
Angus’ legs felt like they’d been turned into Jell-O. Vanora ran down the corridor about twenty steps, stopped, and looked back. “Come on!” 
A dark shadow fell over Angus’ head. The light from the lantern flickered out. Coldness penetrated the back of his neck and deep into his chest, freezing his heart with a paralyzing chill. He didn’t have to look to know the Banshee was close behind. He spun around to face her. 
Vanora sprinted toward him. “Angus no, don’t look at her!”
He couldn’t help himself. His eyes were drawn upward. A gray hooded cloak with a ragged black veil concealed the Banshee’s face. Behind the tattered lace he saw her eyes, red from centuries of weeping. She stretched out her sinewy arms to strangle his neck. Angus scurried back and fell hard onto the slippery floor. She lunged forward and reached for the shield. He used both feet to kick her in the chest, then rolled onto his back and held the shield out in front of him for protection. The Banshee caught her reflection in the armor and scowled; she leaned closer and studied her image. She repelled back, shielding her eyes from the hideous likeness. Angus’ chest swelled with anger. He held the shield higher, closer to her face. “Look at it, you witch,” Angus shouted. 
The Banshee shrieked again and covered her face with her thick cloak. Angus jumped to his feet and took another step closer, driving her back. She floated higher into the air, screaming as Angus drew closer. 
“Leave us alone or face your own ugliness,” he yelled. 
The Banshee screamed and swirled in tight circles before disappearing into the darkness. Angus sprinted to Vanora. “Let’s go before she comes back.”
Angus ran behind Vanora, glancing over his shoulder every so often. The farther they traveled the brighter the moss glowed. They rounded corner after corner…and stopped short. A beautiful pink waterfall blocked the path. Behind the swiftly flowing water stood two massive gates made from giant fossilized clamshells. In the center, bold words were etched, but Angus couldn’t read them.
He turned to Vanora. “Do you know what it says?”
“No,” Vanora said, still fighting to catch her breath.
Behind them came a familiar voice. “It’s Mermish, for The Hall of Merrows.” 
Angus wheeled around to see Fane behind him, dressed in a full-length tunic with his blackthorn stick at his side. Deep scratches lined the right side of his face. 
Angus shrugged off his backpack and rushed to him. “What happened to you? Are you all right?
“Fine, fine, let’s keep moving. No time for chit chat. Go on inside. We’ve been waiting for you.”
“We?” Vanora asked.
“Yes, of course.”
Fane knocked on the ornate doors with the head of his blackthorn stick. The doors opened. A sweet smell like lilacs in the rain wafted out. Angus stared in wonder. An immense grotto gilded with gold and multi-colored coral and gems spanned out before them. Fresh cut flowers surrounded pools of peaceful waters filled with exotic fish and plants. Tall, graceful men and women in white robes bustled about. Handcrafted golden torques in the shape of different sea creatures circled their slender necks and gold bracelets around their fine wrists. 
The women wore long silky hair in various shades of blue, red, green, and orange piled high on their heads and secured with seashells and glass beads. Some of them tended wild sea gardens, which sprouted from pools in the golden floor. Angus watched a pair holding hands as they stepped into steamy pools of water. To his amazement their long elegant legs transformed into fishtails.
Walls on the south side of the room held soaring glass panes with strange looking sea creatures swimming behind them.
Fane led them over to two golden thrones. Vanora stepped forward and clapped her hands in excitement. “This is just like a fairy tale, the throne of the King of the Sea and his wife.” 
Fane placed his hand on her shoulder. “Not quite, but close my dear. These seats are for King Ardal, ruler of the Merrows, and his lovely queen Aoibheann.” He nodded to a handsome couple walking arm and arm. “In fact, here they come now.” 
Fane bowed low as the couple approached. The King was attired in a long robe ornamented with silver shells. In one of his strong hands he carried a tall forked object.
Angus leaned over and whispered into Vanora’s ear. “What the heck is he doing with a pitchfork?”
“It’s not a pitchfork, silly, it’s a trident. You stab fish with it.” Vanora sighed and motioned toward the woman. “Just look at the queen’s dress. It’s exquisite.”
Angus admired the beautiful woman. She appeared pale and fragile, like rice paper. Long raven hair reached her lovely waist. She wore an orchid blue velvet gown with gold accents, sheer cream-colored bell sleeves and a cloak that reached the floor. On her head a gold band embossed with sea urchins complimented her dark hair. She glided over to Angus. Her dress rustled softly as she moved, like autumn winds through withered leaves. She smelled sweet like a chocolate bar. Angus bowed and he felt her slip something over his head.
“For you, Angus MacBain. A true hero at heart.” 
Angus stood up and stared down in amazement at his dragon amulet.
“But how?”
“You must never question the whys and hows of our world. But you may ask me of other things and I will answer you.”
Her intense nautical blue eyes held Angus in place like a dolphin caught in a net. Eyes like he’d never seen before, filled with ageless wisdom. A lump rose in his throat. He had only one question. “Where is my mother?” 
Aoibheann clasped her hands together. “She is hiding, deep within the protective folds of Ceoban’s cool waters. She will come to you when the time is ready, but you must be wary of Dragomir’s wickedness and malevolence. His darkness is spreading. You must hurry to Ceoban, before all is lost.”
“Then my mother is alive and in Ceoban?”
“Yes, but in order to reunite, you must enter her world. This is not an easy task for one so young and with so little knowledge of other worlds.” She waved him to a lavish table filled with food. “Enough talk. You must eat and rest now. You have a long journey before you.”
Angus bit his lip, wanting to press her for more information. She gathered the folds of her velvet dress and slipped into her place at the table. King Ardal took a seat beside her. 
The table, made from purple coral, stood stocked with an assortment of sea bass, potato crisps, fresh fruits, breads and tankards filled with sweet nectar that tasted like cherry cola.
Vanora gobbled up a pile of grapes and drank two big glasses of nectar. “I feel like I haven’t eaten in days.” She stabbed some watermelon and handed it to Angus.
“Thanks,” Angus said, heaping his plate with grilled fish and crisps. They ate until their sides bulged with satisfaction.  
When everyone had finished, Fane moved the food aside and spread a map on the table. King Ardal strode to Fane’s side and pointed with a long, slender finger. Angus squinted at the spot. It looked like a weird letter D. 
“Does that stand for Dragomir?”
“No,” Fane said, shaking his head. “It stands for Thurisax, Norse giants loyal to Dragomir. They will stop at nothing to protect him.” Fane rubbed his chin and pointed to several other symbols. “When seafaring Vikings traveled to new lands they often left their runic inscriptions behind, as warnings and messages to others. Although they had more interest in plunder than writing, they have left a great number of clues for us carved into stone, wood, and metal, enigmatic symbols known as rune stones.”
“Are the giants still protecting him? These writings have to be ancient.”
“Ancient yes, but time as you know it doesn’t pass in Ceoban.” Fane looked away and the lines around his eyes seemed to deepen. “Not only do the giants still exist but it appears they are growing in numbers.” 
“What do the other symbols stand for?” Vanora asked, pointing to the map at several other marks in a semi-circle around the giants. 
Fane lowered his gaze to the floor and King Ardal placed a hand on his shoulder. He put his trident into a crack in the floor, stared down at Angus and Vanora and lowered his voice. “We keep no secrets here and so you must know. They are symbols of death. Certain death for those who challenge Dragomir.” 

13


King Ardal led them to a circular doorway chiseled into the granite wall. In his hands he carried an amethyst candleholder bejeweled with gems, flower petals, and bits of coral. A skinny candle wedged in the center illuminated the dark entrance with a bright yellow flame. The MacBain crest hung above the doorframe surrounded by words written in Mermish.
Angus stood beside Fane. “What does it say?” 
Fane leaned heavily on his blackthorn stick. A sadness came to his eyes. “It’s King MacBain’s ancient warning, translated into several languages through the centuries.” Without looking, he read the message aloud. “Rest and make ready for the black and terrible days when Dragomir’s powers have full sway.” 
King Ardal pursed his lips and spoke in a somber tone. “A reminder that we must always be on guard.” He stroked his beard. “Enough of this talk for now. Come, it is time for sleep.” 
The king pushed the door open, cupping his hand around the candle as he stepped inside. The flickering flame made long quivering shadows inside the dark room. Vanora scooted past Angus and disappeared inside. He held back, staring up at his family crest, feeling a stab of sadness until Fane placed his hand on his back, and coaxed him inside. 
He ducked through the round doorway and into a misty room scented with a delicate fragrance of sandalwood and rosewater. Angus blinked a couple of times to adjust to the dim light. As his eyes sharpened he spotted a blue-bearded man in a nightshirt and cap. The man dozed on a crystal toadstool with a coal lantern at his feet. Beside him a stream of rushing water flowed. In pale hands lined with green veins he held a long iron hook with a crescent-shaped moon and stars welded to the top. 
The king cleared his throat. The old man jumped, rubbed his eyes with his knuckles, stood up and bowed.
King Ardal smiled and laid a gentle hand on the man’s bony shoulder. “This is Bohar. He will help you select your sleeping ship.” He pointed to a dark opening in the cavern wall. “As each sleeping vessel emerges you may have your pick.” 
Bohar slipped on a pair of silvery gloves, gripped a bronze handle in the stone floor, and, with a mighty thrust, pulled the lever down. Two copper doors groaned open. A cradle-like boat just big enough for a grown man to sleep in floated out of the narrow opening. It whooshed by, followed by another, and another. They passed so quickly no one had time to select them. 
The next small ship emerged with a figurehead carved in the shape of an elegant seahorse. Vanora clapped her hands and jumped up and down. “I want that one.” Bohar reached out and hooked the stern just before the boat slipped away. 
“All right,” Fane said. “In you go. See you in the morning.”
Vanora took a bold step forward. Fane helped her inside. She slipped off her shoes and nestled into the soft folds of silken blankets. 
“Goodnight,” she said, rolling over onto her side. She suddenly sat upright and looked at the king. “Oh, I forgot to thank you!”
King Ardal’s eyes softened. “Sleep well, child. Peace be with you.” He signaled to Bohar to unhook the tiny ship. The bearded man tugged the hook from the stern and the small vessel zipped past in the swift current, down a slope, into the dark unknown. 
Angus shook his head. A nervous knot twisted inside his belly. “I can’t believe she just hops in and doesn’t even ask where the ship is going. I’ll never understand her.” 
Fane chuckled. “She lets others wear storm clouds over their heads. If only we could all be so worry-free.” He placed a hand on Angus’ back. “To answer your question, the ships go to the main sleeping cave, where we will rest until morning. Do hurry and pick one before the next picture show starts.”
“Picture show?”
“You’ll see. Now hurry before we miss it.” 
The next ship swept out of the hole in the cave wall and Fane pushed him to it. Angus frowned. The figurehead resembled a snarling dog that reminded him of the Dobharchú. He grimaced and shook his head at Bohar, who was leaning forward ready to hook the ship. Bohar yawned and put the hook down, letting the ship dart past. 
Angus grew even more tired thinking of the soft pillows in Vanora’s ship and made up his mind to select the next one, no matter what. Out of the dark recess of the cave, the next ship floated haphazardly, bobbing along like a drunken rubber ducky. As it drew closer Angus made out the figurehead, a harmless blue dolphin. 
“I’ll take that one,” he said quickly. 
Bohar extended the long hook and caught the little ship by a wooden fin carved into the bow. He held it steady while Angus carefully climbed aboard. A canopy with swags of titanic blue-gray taffeta dangled around a bed of deep velvet cushions. He snuggled into the sea of soft pillows and blue satin blankets. Angus laid the shield and backpack on the bed beside him.
Fane smiled “Goodnight, my young friend.”
Before he had a chance to respond, Bohar let the ship loose and it zipped away into the dark. The ship sailed over a great slope and into the misty darkness. His heart hammered; if only he had some dragon’s jaw tea, he’d be able to see. The small vessel raced up and over another hump, then leveled out, bobbing side to side in a peaceful wake. 
Angus sat up. He was in a great dark cave. In the shadows, the outlines of hundreds of sleeping ships floated on the tranquil waters. He wondered if each one was occupied. Figures flashed above him, through a square hole in the canopy. At first he was confused, until a movie, without sound, started playing on the ceiling. As the pictographs danced, the story began to take shape. A story about Selkies. His mother’s race. And the story of Dragomir’s defeat at the hands of King MacBain. Angus smiled and leaned back, cuddled in the most comfortable bed in the world.
All of a sudden his boat collided with another ship. He sat up. “Oops, excuse me,” he whispered.
“Angus, is that you?” Vanora whispered back.
“Yeah.”
“Isn’t this place beautiful?”
Angus leaned back and watched the Selkies play in the ocean waves on the ceiling. He thought of his mother and smiled. 
“Yes, it is beautiful.”
Something buzzed past him. Angus sat up in a panic. Was it a metal wasp? No, it was bigger, like a hummingbird. He pushed his covers aside and jumped up. A wrinkled little man wearing an impish grin fluttered over him. The little man pulled a satchel from a pocket in his golden robe and withdrew a handful of silver sand. He smiled and blew a fine mist of it into Angus’ face. A hot surge of surprised anger boiled Angus’ blood. 
“Ouch, you little creep!” He blew the dust from his nose and rubbed his eyes. 
Angus reached out to strangle the man, but his arms felt like rubber. He was suddenly exhausted. Lying back down, he snuggled into the comfortable covers and fell into a deep and peaceful sleep.
****
Angus sensed a presence looming over him as he slept. His eyes snapped open. Bohar peered down from a midget-sized tugboat. 
“All rested, young master?”
Angus sat upright. “Yes, I think so. Is it morning already? I feel like I just went to sleep.” He yawned, stretched and looked around the massive cave. Only a few sleeping ships remained. 
“Where have all the other boats gone?” he asked.
Bohar smiled. “Most of the others awoke hours ago. You’ve slept late and you can blame the sandman for it, always overdoing it with the sand. I keep telling him that after three hundred years he still needs to read the label. He never listens. It’s no wonder folks are always tired, struggling to wake up in the morning. In your case, it’s a good thing you’ve gotten plenty of rest.” Bohar shook his head and pulled on his long blue beard. “You certainly have a difficult journey ahead of you. Harder than one can even imagine. I do wish you the best of luck, young squire.”
Angus’ mind filled with questions, but before he could ask any of them, Bohar attached a rope from his tugboat to an iron cleat on the deck of the dolphin ship. The tugboat jumped ahead, towing Angus’ boat through the peaceful waters. Angus jolted forward and gripped the bedpost for balance. 
They sailed past a sleeping ship shaped like a lion with long strands of silky material covering the front. Angus craned his neck to see who was in it and quickly looked away. The figure resting inside frightened him. It looked like a cross between a pot-bellied pig and his old science teacher, Mr. Marvin. The thing released a great yawn, extended a hairy arm through the fine material and gave Angus a friendly wave. He waved back just as Bohar took a sharp right into a dark tunnel lit only by glowing moss. They took an immediate left into another tunnel, jerking Angus to one side. The tugboat chugged hard against the current and onto a set of steel tracks just under the water’s surface. They gained speed and charged up a steep incline until it slowed and stopped abruptly in the chamber where Angus first stepped into the ship. 
A group of hairy creatures the size of kindergarteners, wearing leather aprons and oblong caps, stood on the granite ledge busily stripping the pillows, coverlets, and blankets from each ship. Angus couldn’t help noticing their big bulbous noses and long skinny cow tails. 
“Standing there gawking all day?” One of the creatures asked him.
“No,” Angus stammered.
The creature squinted. “Got any chocolate bunnies?” 
“What?”
“You heard me. Chocolate bunnies. Got any?” 
The rest of the furry creatures stopped what they were doing and listened intently.
“No, sorry.” The creatures dropped the sheets and pillows. They crowded around, surrounding Angus’ ship so that he couldn’t get out.
The fattest one of them waddled close to the water’s edge, jumped onto the bow of the ship and sniffed at Angus. It’s giant nostrils flared in and out. “He’s lying!” It shrieked. “Pudgy boys always have chocolate bunnies.” 
“Hey!” Angus yelled, knotting his fist.
Another creature roared from the crowd. “He’s hiding them! Check his pockets for a mooey, gooey melted mess!” The fat one poked a gnarly finger at Angus’ nose. “Give us the chocolate, or we’ll take it from you.”
“Take it! Take it!” The rest chanted, reaching to grab him.
Several jumped into the boat, and lunged at him. One scratched his arms with its long twisted fingernails. 
“Get back.” Angus smacked their arms away as they pulled on his shirt. 
“What’s all this commotion?” Fane bellowed from behind them, breaking through the crowd of furry beasts. The creatures scuttled back to work, muttering things about yummy bunnies and chocolate goodies. One hairy creature spun on a stumpy heel, peered from under a massive set of eyebrows, and stuck out its tongue at Angus.
Angus sneered at the creatures and stepped from the boat onto the granite walkway. “What are those things?” 
“Haven’t you ever seen a Gruagach before?” Fane asked.
“A grouch?” Vanora said, ducking under Fane’s arm to stand near Angus.
“Not a grouch, a Gruagach.” Fane scratched his head and gazed at the strange creatures. “For centuries they tended cattle. But they found working for the Merrows much easier, better benefits and less time on the job. They used to ask for milk in return until one day they stumbled upon an Easter basket and have become hopelessly addicted to chocolate ever since.” Come along, we don’t have much time and we have a lot to do.”
“Like what?” Angus asked.
“First you must bathe, change into appropriate clothing for our journey, and eat a hearty breakfast.” 
Angus liked the sound of breakfast. His stomach clawed at his insides. Fane led them down a bright corridor to a hallway where tiny waterfalls sprouted from the polished granite. A multitude of undersea paraphernalia decorated the interior. An old diver’s suit and hood that looked more like it belonged to an astronaut, scraps of different fishing nets and Japanese glass floats decorated the walls.
The hall ended at a massive waterfall that spilt over two doors.
“The door on the right is for girls,” Fane said. He nodded in the opposite direction. “And the one on the left is for boys.” 
At each entrance a glass stand stood, filled with rolls of the finest spun cotton for towels. 
“Vanora grabbed a roll of fuchsia-colored cotton and trotted inside. Angus snatched a white roll as Fane took a raspy breath and rubbed the deep lines in his forehead. 
For the first time, Angus noticed how haggard Fane looked.
“Is it really that bad?” Angus asked. “What lies ahead of us?”
Fane looked away. “Yes and no, mostly it’s that you are in my charge and I must keep you safe. It is a very overwhelming job indeed. Especially for an old man with no help.”
“No help? King Ardal will help us won’t he? He must have enough Mermen for a huge army.”
“No,” Fane snapped. “He cannot help us.”
Angus’ cheeks reddened. “Why not? He expects us to do all the work? If we don’t destroy Dragomir’s power everyone will die, including him.”
“He has helped us all he can by feeding and sheltering us and providing a way to travel to Ceoban. Dragomir has been pursuing the Merrows for centuries. You see, Angus, if he killed a Merrow and ate its flesh he’d be unstoppable. His power would extend to all reaches of the world. All would be lost. It is crucial that they don’t go anywhere near him.” Fane heaved another great sigh. “Take your shower and let the worries be mine and mine alone. Only old men should bear such burdens, now go.” Fane dismissed him with a wave and walked down the corridor, leaving him alone.
Angus hung his head. He didn’t like seeing the worried look in Fane’s eyes. What horrors lay ahead? He handed Fane his shield and backpack and went into the shower room. Rocky stalls protruded from glimmering walls. A great fall of water ran constantly inside each stall, branching off from the main waterfall outside. Angus looked around, then stripped off his dirty clothes and heaped them into a pile on the floor. When he stepped into the water he smelled a familiar fruity scent. A strange sensation came to him. A heavy sticky feeling, like cotton candy dissolving in wet hands. He wiped his arm. What was this sticky stuff? Then it came to him, strawberry bubble bath.
When Angus finished scrubbing, the water ran clear. He rinsed off, grabbed the roll of cotton, and wrapped it around himself. A scuttling noise turned him cautious. He reached for his clothes and his heart froze. They were gone. 
In a panic he frantically looked around the room and noticed a sign pointing around the corner. He couldn’t read it as it was written in Merrish, but by the pictures he assumed it was the dressing area. Maybe someone left him a fresh pair of clothes. He followed the sign to a little room with a pair of feet painted in the middle of the floor. 
Angus placed his own feet into the footprints. 
The floor suddenly gave way beneath him. He slid on his backside down a steep slide, fighting to keep the cotton around him. Torrential winds hurled at him from all sides, drying him off. He seemed to be picking up speed. Something fell over his head then around his neck, then shoved his arms inside, it was a shirt, a silver tunic to be exact with gold beading on the sleeves. The slide abruptly ended and Angus fell feet first into a pair of underwear, pants, and socks. He bent over trying to catch his breath when a chair flew up behind him knocking him in the back of the knees, forcing him into the seat. He sailed toward a granite wall. Angus gritted his teeth and braced for the crash into the barrier. At the last moment he cracked an eye open and watched as the wall split apart. The chair glided through the opening and came to a stop at the dining room table from the night before. At his feet were his shield and backpack. He looked around. No one seemed to notice him at the crowded table.
Angus glanced back at the wall. It split apart in a different spot and Vanora flew out in a similar chair, screaming until she came to a halt across from him. Angus couldn’t stop staring at her. She looked beautiful. Her hair styled high was captured in golden combs like a mermaid. An emerald dress and matching cape graced her body. 
“Wow,” Angus said. “You look great!”
“Thanks.” Vanora blushed. “So do you.”
“Kind of a freaky ride, huh?”
She nodded. “Yeah, wish someone would’ve warned me first.” She patted the golden combs in her hair. “Did you see these? I am going to keep them forever. I’ve never had anything this nice. I just love them!” 
Angus nodded. “They look really cool.”
“I can’t wait to show them to my dad, he’ll flip!” 
Angus’ belly rumbled and for the first time, he spotted the queen sitting beside him. 
She gazed at him. “Are you hungry, child?”
Angus nodded. “Yes, Ma’am.”
She drew an elegant hand from her lap and motioned in front of him. “Eat well.”
Angus looked down. A plate sat before him, covered by a gold napkin. He removed the cloth and uncovered fresh fruit, a giant helping of scrambled eggs, and oatcakes. He ate the eggs first even though they were a deep shade of violet, along with two oatcakes. Vanora’s plate heaped with fruit. A Gruagach balanced a tray of goblets filled with a pink liquid. It rushed to Angus’ side. “Something to drink? Something to go with the chocolate bunnies in your pocket?”
“No thanks. Now get this straight. I have no chocolate bunnies, hot chocolate, chocolate bars or chocolate anything.”
The thing ignored him, sniffed at his hair and left. Vanora cringed. “Creepy little devils aren’t they?”
The Gruagach stopped in mid-step and whirled around to glare at the back of Vanora’s head. Angus put a finger to his lips. “Hush, it heard you.”
Vanora’s cheeks turned crimson. “Oops.”
The hairy creature returned, pushing a silver dessert cart loaded with steaming hot pudding, tea cakes and powdered donuts. It placed a covered dish in front of Angus and another in front of Vanora. The creature gave Angus one last sniff and left in a hurry. Angus eyed the dish suspiciously, gripped the handle and pulled the lid off. To his surprise, he found a nice chocolate donut. Vanora opened her tray and found a boiled boot covered in seaweed.
“See I told you, you shouldn’t have offended them.”
Vanora shuddered and pushed the plate away. Angus cut his donut in half and gave a piece to Vanora. 
When they finished eating, King Ardal showed them to an enclosed crystal carriage sitting on the rocky ledge near a platform that sloped into the ocean. Instead of being pulled by horses, the carriage lines disappeared under the waves, attached to something under the water. Angus hiked down the ledge a ways to see what it could possibly be. Magical Seahorses?
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you,” Fane said. “Unless you want Dako to mistake you for a food source.” 
“Dako?”
The peaceful waters ruptured and a massive creature exploded from the shallows. Angus hurried back to the ledge but the beast had already burst forth like a rising submarine. Angus whirled around. Its interlocking jaws held ten-inch teeth. Its body only half out of the water measured over twenty feet long. 
The brute opened its jaws and spoke. “Did someone call my name?”
“Sorry,” Angus stuttered. “I didn’t mean to...”
“No worries,” the creature said. He swung his head to look at Fane. “Ready, old chap?”
“Yes,” Fane said. “And thanks for your assistance.”
The creature simply nodded its giant head and slipped back under the waves. Fane motioned them to get into the carriage. 
Angus and Vanora sat across from each other on two bench seats upholstered in fine burgundy velvet. 
Fane stepped halfway inside before calling out to the beast in the water. “All set, ready to go.” He closed the glass door and sat beside Vanora. The carriage jerked forward and rolled down the ramp and into the water. Angus panicked, jumped up and yanked on the door handle. “We’ll drown in this thing.”
“Certainly not,” Fane said. “It’s air tight.”
“Cool,” Vanora said. “It’ll be like a glass bottom boat. We’ll get to see what lives down there.” She looked puzzled, and then frowned. “Nothing can break through the glass? Right?”
Fane considered her question. “I don’t believe so, but as in life nothing is ever for sure.” Fane lowered his voice. “There are creatures that dwell here that are very hearty indeed. Terrible beasts tough enough to survive the great cataclysms that annihilated the dinosaurs.”
Angus looked at Vanora. “Great, that’s reassuring.”
Vanora sighed. “Wish I had a camera. My dad would love this place.”
They traveled into the dark water deeper and deeper. Fane closed his eyes and fell sound asleep. They hit the bottom of the sea floor with a jolt and then leveled out as Dako crawled along, pulling the carriage forward with his massive legs. Angus waited for the underwater sand storm to clear so he could see what strange looking plants and creatures lurked in the depths. 
Vanora pressed her forehead against the glass. “Wow, look at that.” She squinted and pointed. “What is that? A whale?”
At first Angus thought it was a log cloaked in darkness but then a hideous face and gargantuan body came into view. An ugly spotted fish with its lower jaw pressed up over its upper teeth in an exaggerated overbite swam near. It opened its mouth, exposing rows of razor wire teeth while it swam closer and closer until it came along side of the carriage. Its soulless eyes focused on Angus. Angus’ heart lurched against his ribcage. A massive dorsal fin glistened on its dark blue back and he guessed it at over ten meters long from head to tail. It bumped its snout against the glass. 
Dako snapped at the monster and it swished its colossal tail, cutting the dark waters like a blade, leaving only a pile of bubbles behind. 
“Did you see the size of that thing?” Angus asked.
Vanora nodded, her eyes showing a flash of panic. 
Angus spotted something coming up ahead. A giant golden head sat wedged in between two broken stone columns with scroll-shaped ornamentations that resembled the horns of a ram. Rows of stone houses stood in ruin. Clay implements, a rusty plow and other artifacts lay strewn across the seabed. “Look,” Vanora exclaimed. “An ancient city. It’s like Atlantis.”
“What happened to it?” Angus asked.
Fane opened his eyes, yawned and shook his head. “It fell into the sea at Dragomir’s hands. All greed leads to destruction.” 
Something darted past Angus’ window. At first he mistook it for a mermaid, and then a closer inspection showed an ugly and wrinkled face. The eyes of the creature were big, round black masses. A tall green stalk grew out of its head, ending in white flowers with a yellow center.
Fane lowered his voice and pointed to one. “Those things are called evil water lilies.” He scowled and cleared a patch of fog from his window. “Disgusting creatures. They protect the portal between here and Ceoban. They stand at the bottom of swampy places and lick the sludge off rocks. I’m sure you’ve seen them in swamps disguised in a patch of lily flowers. You can always tell it’s them as the flower on the surface moves while they are grazing on the sludge.”
The water lilies darted past the carriage and stood shoulder to shoulder guarding the portal entrance. “Show them your shield, Angus,” Fane commanded. “Put it up against the window where they can see it.
The shield pulled hard in his hands and Angus fought to keep control of it. He wrestled it to the window. One fat water lily scowled and swam to the side window, studying the shield. The corners of her mouth encrusted with black sludge. She put her hand to the window, smearing a black patch of goop across it, twisted away, and swam hard to a group of other lilies. They huddled in a tight circle, then swarmed around the carriage pointing at the shield and whispering into each other’s ears. 
“Are they going to let us in?” Angus asked, feeling a great leap of panic. What if they came this far only to be turned away? He’d never get to see his mother. 
Fane peered out the window. “They aren’t intelligent creatures so it’ll take them awhile to realize what they are looking at.”
More of the creatures gathered around the carriage. A skinny one swooped over Dako’s head and slapped his nose. He snapped his massive jaws at the creature’s legs, missing them by inches. Two more swam by his head, sticking out their long black tongues and taunting him. Dako reacted violently, thrashing about, striking one with his enormous tail and sending it flying backward in a summersault. 
The carriage bumped up and down as Dako went on the attack. 
Vanora shot a concerned look at Fane. “Can’t you stop them from teasing him?”
Fane stood up, bending to keep from hitting his gray head against the carriage roof. He drew out his blackthorn stick and pointed it at the lilies. They threw up their hands in surrender and swam past to the portal gate. They held open the iron gates as Dako pulled the carriage inside, snapping at their toes.
“Is that a magic staff?”
Fane looked at Angus at if he were crazy. “No, my dear boy, it’s a walking stick. Haven’t you ever seen one before?”
“Of course I have,” Angus huffed. “But by the way they reacted I thought it must have some kind of magical power.” 
“It works because I believe it’s magical. Just like you need to believe in yourself, Angus.” Fane raised his bushy eyebrows and tapped the side of his temple with his index finger. “Power is all in the mind. They thought it was a threat and they fled. That’s all that’s important. One doesn’t always need magic to make some things happen.”
About a hundred feet in front of them, a cluster of megalithic stones stood in an enormous circle.
“It’s a replica of Stonehenge!” Vanora exclaimed.
“Yes. Exactly,” Fane said. “Stonehenge, this one and the one that stands in the center of Ceoban were all built by giants. They carried the stones from Africa. Before they served Dragomir, giants lived in all three worlds. Under the sea, Europe, and Ceoban. In your world, humans tired of their oppression banded together to run the giants out and since that time they live only in Ceoban where the evil ones help Dragomir.” 
Angus felt another heavy pull on his shield. It grew so strong he had to use both hands in order to hold it. 
“What’s wrong?” Vanora asked.
“Something’s pulling the shield like a giant magnet.”
“No worries,” Fane said. “It’s the stones. The shield sends a signal to them to open the portal. A signal is being sent to Stonehenge in England and to its twin in Ceoban, called the Friar’s Foot.” 
A blue flame rose in the midst of the stones. Dako pulled the carriage into the center of it and up a steep stone ramp. The creature burst to the surface, snorting and blowing water from its nostrils. Fane opened the carriage door. Tear drops of water dripped from its sides. He kicked the steps down and in two strides stood on the ramp. Shielding his eyes, he cast a glance at the misty island and smiled. 
Not looking back, he hiked up the stone ramp. Angus and Vanora hurried to catch up. Deeply etched circles were carved into the stone walkway and grew more intertwined as they reached the foot of the island. Near the shoreline groves of maidenhair ferns and stalks of horsetail grew in thick patches. Scots pine, birch and oak trees sprouted to the sky.
“What kind of place is this?” Angus asked.
Fane smiled. “A very old place. Home to me, but a foreign and strange world to you my young friend.” He wiped away a tear and hurried to shore. “I just hope it is as I remembered it.” 
Vanora stepped on mossy green soil. “It’s so beautiful, like Caledonia.”
“Yes,” Fane answered hiking into the thick woods. “Many creatures that lived in Caledonia in the ancient times now make their home here. All different kinds and races. Ancient men came to settle here also, unhappy with the changes in your world.” Fane leaned on his blackthorn stick, surveying the area. “Many good and gentle creatures live in this part of Ceoban. As we travel south we will surely encounter darker ones. This area is still untouched by Dragomir’s evil. Now let’s be on our way. I want to see my people.”
Vanora came to Fane’s side. “Do you think any of them would still be alive? Your people?”
Fane nodded. “Yes, of course. They reside with the Tuatha de Danann. A race of the fairest of fairy folk. The De Danann excel over all others in their proficiency in every art. Great teachers to humans and others who choose to learn. Everything I know, I owe to them.” 
A drumming filled the air and Fane’s expression hardened. He put a hand up to shield his eyes from the sun. “It’s the chieftains preparing for battle. Something must have happened.”
“What Chieftains?” 
“The five tribes. Usually foe to one another, but now united in the battle to save Ceoban from Dragomir.”
The drumming turned from rhythmic to an angry beat that made Fane turn pale.
“What is it?” Angus asked 
“Dragomir’s evil has escaped. Come, we must hurry.”

14


The travelers hiked for several hours, down a beaten path that wove along a steep hillock. Nightfall approached and a veil of dusky light cloaked the land. Cawing blackbirds circled overhead, silhouetted against a buttermilk moon. A refreshing breeze rustled the dry grasses and cooled Angus’ forehead. He stopped to rest on the brow of the hill and admired the valley below, a mossy green carpet sprawling to a thick forest of oak. He caught his breath and then jogged to catch up to the others meandering down a winding trail to the foot of the vale. 
The group continued through a pile of thick underbrush and over a patch of weeds with rhubarb colored stalks. They entered the lush field with Fane in the lead, keeping a steady pace, stabbing his walking stick into the rich earth with each forward movement. 
Fane finally stopped near the edge of the thick forest. From the pocket of his tunic he produced a pennywhistle. The flute glowed in the moonlight as he held it to his lips, covered all six of the bronzed holes with his skinny fingertips, and blew. A shrill sound wafted from the instrument; the limbs of the trees swayed as if to the notes. Something dark and lanky darted from tree to tree; its yellow eyes gleamed in the night, staring at them. 
Angus stepped back while Vanora crept forward, peering into the forest. 
“Something’s in there. Some sort of animal,” she whispered.
He snatched the back of her cloak. “Get back here. You don’t know what it might be.”
Vanora ignored him. Angus wanted to remind her of the things that had jumped out at them so far. He opened his mouth to do so, when an enormous wolf shot out of the pines, followed by two others. 
Angus’ throat went dry. “Wolves! Run!” 
Fane smiled. “Nonsense. These kind fellows are our ride to the Firblogs.” He tucked the whistle into his pocket. “They’re not wolves at all. They’re wolfhounds.”
“But how can that be? They’re huge. Bigger than any dog I’ve ever seen.”
Fane hiked to the side of the first hound, patted its enormous head and scrambled onto its back. He raised his eyebrows at the kids. “Are you coming or not?”
Vanora nodded, stepped forward, and petted the smallest of the hounds. The gray dog licked her hand affectionately.
“That one is a female, quite nurturing,” Fane said. “She’ll take good care of you, my dear.” 
The dog lowered its head and crouched so that Vanora could climb onto its back. She swung her leg over and the beast leapt to its feet. Having settled herself in, Vanora patted the dog’s neck and glanced at Angus. “Come on,” she said, her eyes filled with excitement. “This is going to be fun.”
Angus cautiously approached the last hound, a scraggly animal missing an ear and sporting a patch of mangy fur on top of its ugly head. He’d always been afraid of dogs, especially ones that snarled and barked. This one wasn’t barking but he didn’t look friendly either. Angus reached out to pet its head. The dog growled and snapped its massive jaws at his arm. Angus leapt back and watched its pink tongue slither around a set of gleaming white teeth.  
Fane gave Angus an exasperated look. “He’s only looking for a treat.” The old man reached into his pocket and tossed the dog a bit of dried meat. “Now get on and let’s go.” 
The dog gobbled up the treat. Angus took a cautious step closer. The animal growled deep within its throat again.
Angus smirked. “What’s his name? Cuddles?”
Fane peered into the dark forest. “Come on, we don’t have much time. Give him a pet so he knows he can trust you.”
“Give him a pet? I can’t even get near him.”
Vanora’s face softened. “Just do it, Angus. He won’t hurt you…at least I don’t think so. Let him sniff your hand.”
Angus narrowed his eyes. “Why don’t you stick your hand out, get yourself a nice shiny hook to go with that dress.” 
“Stop being a chicken and do it, Angus,” Vanora snapped. “Don’t show fear, dogs can sense it.”
“Thanks for the tip.” Angus swallowed and crept closer. The hound growled. He reached out with a shaky hand. The dog’s only response was a narrowing of its big brown eyes. Angus placed his hand on its scruffy neck. The hound whirled around and licked him. Angus jumped. His heart drummed in his ears. He glanced at his slimy hand, made a face, and wiped the slobber on his pant leg. 
Vanora grinned. “See, he likes you.”
“Great, just what I always wanted—a bipolar dog.” Angus climbed on, keeping an eye on the canine and positioned himself on the creature’s furry back. Tufts of loose fur blew past his face and stuck on his tongue. “Is this a dog or a wooly mammoth?” Angus said, spitting out strings of fur.
Fane cringed. “Be careful, looks like he has Mellon Mange, it causes male pattern baldness. I wouldn’t let any of it get on your head or you’ll be bald as a gourd before you’re grown.” 
Angus ignored the comment, trying to keep his balance on the dog’s bony back and his face as far as possible from its dandruff-ridden coat.
Fane gripped his dog’s neck and tapped his heels against the creature’s sides. The beast bolted, running hard into the night. The others followed, springing ahead with Vanora close behind Fane. Angus pitched forward onto the dog’s massive shoulders. His eyes watered as they galloped into the forest. Blurry images of shadowy trees and land formations zipped by in the moonlight. 
Foamy sweat curled the beast’s scruffy coat as it dashed deeper into the night. Whistling wind blowing past his face made it hard to exhale. Angus ducked his chin into his shirt, covering his mouth so he could take a deep breath. The hounds slowed to a lope, then came to a halt at a campsite in a clearing. 
Burly giants stood stiff at attention, backs straight and chins held high. Each one measured close to eight-feet tall, with a reddish-blond beard and long hair woven into braids captured by ornamental clasps at the nape of their thick necks. They clutched gigantic spears, rising a foot taller than the men themselves. Spotting Fane, they stabbed the lances into the soft earth and strode to meet him with grim expressions. 
Angus leapt to the ground, glad to be off the mangy dog. Vanora and Fane dismounted. The hounds wheeled and bounded into the dark folds of the forest. Angus came to Fane’s side. “Who are they?” 
“The Firblog, the most powerful of giant-kin. They are smaller, but gifted with intelligence and a considerable amount of magical powers.” Fane lowered his voice. “Remain quiet until they speak to you first. Listen to every word and remember, they are as old as the rocks beneath our feet.”
The giants circled around them. Angus stared in wonder at their muscled necks, legs, arms and tough looking flesh. If these brutish men were smaller than their giant kinfolk, what were the others like?
A gray-haired giant, shorter than the others, but with shoulders just as broad, pushed his way through the crowd. He watched Fane with wet eyes that glimmered beneath his wiry brows. “Fane Vargovic?” He said in a smooth, deep voice with thick rolling consonants. 
The old Firblog grabbed Fane’s hand and shook it gently. “My eyes may be ancient and time worn, but I’d know you anywhere. It’s been a long time. I haven’t forgotten the tales we shared around the hearth, or the fine meals we’ve supped together.” 
“Yes indeed, Conchobar. Blessed were the days with time for stories at their end, and with prosperous crops and meat in our bellies. Untroubled times when we could share our tales without fear. I’m afraid things have changed, my friend.”
Conchobar looped his thumbs into the belt at his waist. “Indeed they have. Many seasons of peacefulness have passed, but now the darkness has escaped. A darkness so evil and great that deep in the mossy earth, even old King MacBain must feel it in his powdered bones.” He shook his head and gestured to an enormous blaze. “Please come and join our fireside.”
The Firblogs parted, allowing the weary travelers to pass between them. Their long thick shadows played on the ground. A stack of logs as wide as a castle moat burned in the center of a massive pit. Before it stood several colossal rock homes built with double walls of stone, packed with earth, and sturdy wooden rafters covered with turf and thatch. 
Vanora studied the dwellings and elbowed Angus. “That’s strange,” she said. “No chimneys.”
He hadn’t noticed until Vanora pointed it out but now he saw smoke billowing out the doors and windows. Angus shrugged. “Guess they like to have watery eyes.” 
Vanora shrugged. “Guess so.” 
They hiked past the buildings to warm themselves by the massive flames of the fire. 
Around the campfire, carved stumps served for chairs. Angus settled into one, feeling his legs dangle like a toddler in a highchair. Vanora sat on his right while Fane sat near Conchobar and the other leaders of the Firblogs.
Fane pulled a short-stemmed pipe from his pocket and lit the tip. Orange embers glowed in the bowl and he drew deeply, then exhaled a swirl of smoke into the humid night. He took the pipe from his mouth, cradled in it his hand, and looked intensely at Conchobar. “I heard the drums. What’s happening with Dragomir?”
“He’s attacking the Selkies and other creatures of the sea, hoping to get to the boy.”
Vanora gasped and grabbed Angus’ arm. He shrugged her off and cocked his head at Fane. “He’s going after my mother?”
Fane tapped the pipe and brought it to his mouth. “I’m afraid so, Angus.” He placed the dudeen between his lips and inhaled. “I imagine he wants you to call off the battle and give in.” The scent of cherry wood tobacco swirled around Angus and he sat in stunned silence. If they called off the hunt for Dragomir, then his mother would be safe. But if Dragomir continued, all the worlds would be destroyed. Either way, it seemed hopeless unless they defeated him.
Conchobar interrupted his thoughts. “We’ve met with the other tribes and they’ve agreed to unite in battle. The dwarves will be at your side in the mountains, the river elves wherever water flows, and all the other eight tribes where you should encounter them. You’ll have to cross the River Harz. It’s the only way to get to him. We’ll stay here to defend this area in case the dwarves lose the stronghold at the mountains. I will send Oxton with you, our best warrior to journey at your side.” The old giant gave a weary sigh. “My ancient bones are aching and so I must retire. Goodnight my friend.” 
Fane bid him his blessings and almost all the giants lumbered off to their various dwellings. A few remained close to the campsite, keeping guard over the village.
Vanora glanced at Angus with terrified eyes.
“What’s the matter?” he asked.
Vanora grimaced and lowered her voice. “I’ve read horrible tales of that river. Mostly of people being ripped apart and eaten before they even had a chance to drown.”
Angus looked down at his hands, clenching, and unclenching nervously. He needed to find his mother and destroy Dragomir, but would it cost him his life in the process? 
Fane stared hard at him. “The choice to continue onward is yours, Angus. No one can make you fight.”
Angus jumped down from his chair and kicked at the sand near the fire. It swirled into the ashes and sent a puff of smoke into the moonlit sky. The thick haze eddied in the night and changed into shapes that made his breath catch in his throat. Sea creatures swimming in bloody masses cried out above him, then disappeared into the night sky. Every muscle in his body tightened. He glanced at Fane. 
Fane’s eyes glowed in the flickering firelight. 
Angus ran his fingers through his hair. “Of course, I’ll fight. Everyone’s counting on me. But why does everything have to come so hard? Haven’t we been through enough already?”
“Anything easy isn’t hardly worthwhile, Angus. You’ll look back on this journey when you’re older and remember this lesson. Nothing is as meaningful as something you’ve worked hard for and won. This lesson will repeat itself over and over in your life-time.” 
Fane closed his eyes and slumped down in his chair. “We’ve all had a long day, it’s time to say goodnight.”
Vanora stared at the cottages. “We’re going to sleep outside?” 
“You’re welcome to join the Firblogs in their dwellings, but with livestock, living in one end and Firblogs on the other, the smell is most unpleasant.” 
Vanora grimaced. “Why don’t they have chimneys? The smoke must be dreadful.”
Fane nodded. “There’s a good reason they don’t. The smoke is left to filter out through the roof and open doorways. This is a necessity. You see all giants are plagued with Widges. The smoky environment provides protection from them.”
Angus wrinkled his nose. “Widges? What are Widges?” As soon as the question was out of his mouth, he regretted it. So far, finding things out hadn’t been very good.
Fane yawned and scratched his beard. “Nasty ear mites. Very hard to get rid of once you have an infestation. Invisible to the naked eye, they can drive a person mad.” Fane raised his eyebrows and tapped his temple. “I mean absolutely bats. They make terrible squeaking noises while tunneling into the brain. They’re quite contagious.”
Vanora rubbed her ears and stared at Angus. “I don’t mind sleeping outside, how about you Angus?”
He nodded in agreement. “Sleeping outside is great. I like to sleep outside, just like camping. No problem at all.”
Fane let out another great yawn. “Rest near the fire. I’ll keep watch over you.” 
Angus found a soft sandy spot near the crackling embers and curled up in his cloak. He laid the shield on the ground, then topped it with his backpack for a pillow. Vanora settled beside him, lying on her stomach, resting her chin in her hands.
The wind shifted and smoke billowed in their direction, but Angus didn’t mind. It was good protection against Widges. 

15


Angus woke to the clatter of pots and pans. He sat up, watching the giant men ladle steaming cups of oats into big metal bowls from a cauldron over the fire. The cloak he had slept in twisted around him, damp with dew, and his body ached from his night on the ground. 
Vanora plopped beside him and handed him a bowl of oatmeal. “Good morning. Better eat while you can.” 
Angus yawned and took the bowl. “Thanks.” He cradled the dish, letting the hot steam rise into his chilled face and warm his hands. He grasped a wooden spoon wedged in the gruel and scooped a bite into his mouth. The oats tasted sweet and earthy. Angus took another bite. Although he longed for bacon and eggs, his empty stomach welcomed the meal. By the time he finished eating, Fane had drawn a map and was discussing it in hushed tones with Conchobar and another giant with a thick red beard. 
Fane came to their side with the bearded giant. “This is Oxton. He will be traveling with us and will teach you all about giants. I want you to pay close attention to everything he says. Every word he speaks will be critical to you later.” 
Angus smiled and nodded to the dour looking giant. His bright orange beard looked like rods of copper wire and his eyes carried the sternness of a crotchety old school teacher. 
“Glad to make your acquaintance,” The giant said. He shook their hands with a firm but gentle grasp. 
Fane turned and left the fireside, leaving the children alone with Oxton. The giant took a seat on a boulder in front of them. “Tell me what you know of my kinfolk.”
Angus shrugged. “Fee, fi, fo fum?”
Oxton muttered something under his breath. Vanora raised her hand. “I’ve heard something about a beanstalk and a cow.”
The giant gave a great nod. “We’ve well established that you know absolutely nothing of my kind, so I shall start at the beginning. There are three sizes of giants. My size, not much bigger than man, medium-sized, about as tall as an oak. Then you have giants indeed, several hundred feet tall. The bigger the giant the longer the lifespan. The older the giant is, the more he will resemble the landscape around him. You must look close to spot them. When a giant grows weary he returns to the earth and transforms to stone and soil. That is how mountains are formed. Study the countryside around you at all times. What you mistake for a hillock or a mossy boulder could really be a slumbering Goliath.” 
Vanora grinned. “Wow! That’s so cool!” 
Oxton continued. “Even a sleeping giant who has turned into earth can awake from slumber, such as the ones poisoned with evil by the dark one, awoken by his wickedness. You will easily recognize Dragomir’s giants by the downturned horns on their mossy heads.” 
“How can we defeat them?” Angus asked.
Oxton shook his head. “They are clumsy as most bigger giants are, but they are ruthless, with no thoughts other than Dragomir’s dark bidding.” Oxton stood and stretched his back. “All evil giants carry clubs of which there are many different kinds. Most are made of seared wood with iron bands embedded with pointed studs to impale their victims. But those giants are large and slow, so when they strike the ground you will have some time to get away while they wrench the weapon up out of the earth. The mace is another favorite weapon, a spiked ball on the end of a chain. If a blow from the mace doesn’t kill you outright, the pain it causes will certainly make you wish it had.”
Angus frowned. “How can we fight something that powerful?” 
Oxton squared his jaw. “There’s always a way.” 
The giant gripped his spear and studied the morning sky. “We must get to the river before the weather turns on us. I’ll do my best to protect you. But stay close and listen even closer. The waters are poisoned, and that means we must have a few rules. No touching, drinking, or playing in it. No running off with ghosts or chasing rainbows looking for pots of gold and such nonsense.” 
Fane walked up behind them. “Ready to go?”
Oxton nodded and gazed at the sky. “It’s a good time to travel. The river will be less treacherous this time of the morning.”
They hiked down a short hillside and across the mossy terrain. In less than a mile they came to a river shielded by a heavy mist. A stiff wind cleared the patchy fog and Angus spotted a number of uprooted trees with exposed roots like bleached bones sticking up along the river’s sandy bank. Hundreds of stubby toads with big jewel-like eyes and warty skin balanced on the branches. Their baritone croaking echoed across the cloudy waters and disappeared into the haze. 

16


“Once, this was a beautiful river filled with enchantment,” Fane said, shaking his head sadly. “Then it became tarnished with all things wicked and grotesque. The river elves and the De Danaan abandoned it, and its beauty vanished with them.”
A fat toad leapt from a branch near Angus’ feet. Oxton stepped protectively in front of him. “Stay back. When threatened, they shoot poison from glands behind their eyes. Keep close and shout if you get sprayed. You’ll need treatment right away.”
Vanora chewed her bottom lip. “Are they deadly?”
Oxton shook his head. “No, but the poison causes an eruption of chin warts.” He rubbed his throat. “And it can do mysterious things to your vocal cords.”
Angus groaned. “I really don’t want to know the answer to this, but all right, I’ll bite. What does it do to your vocal cords?”
Fane raised an eyebrow. “I’m surprised you don’t already know. Anyhow, it causes a vibration in your windpipe that attracts flies. Really bothersome, especially at picnics. Makes you a most annoying guest.” 
Vanora planted a hand on her hip and pointed at the toads with the other. “No way am I getting near those gross things.” 
“Not to worry.” Oxton held out his spear in front of him. “I’ll scatter them.” 
The giant strode ahead swinging his spear. In a croaking frenzy the amphibians sprang from their roost and into the dank waters. When the toads cleared, the travelers hiked to a ragged dock jutting into the fog-shrouded river. They carefully crept to the end while it swayed dangerously under their weight. The morning sun rose with a glaring red eye burning through the haze. 
Out of the cobwebby mist, a large unmanned raft with tall wooden rails glided to the dock, bumped into the side of the rotten pier, and came to a halt. A bucket hung from the mossy railing. Painted across its rusty lid were the words, Pay The Fare Here. Oxton fumbled with a bag at his side, produced a coin, and slipped it into a slot at the center of the lid. The coin clanked to the bottom and the handrail swung open to allow the passengers to board.
As each person boarded the small craft, the wooden logs lashed together with thick vines sank slightly below the surface, allowing water to slosh over the deck. 
Fane lowered his voice to a whisper. “Listen to me. Don’t scream if something touches you or you feel something near. The waters are haunted by the souls of great warriors who lost their lives on this river. It is also haunted by wicked spirits filled with hate for those who dare to trespass.” He peered through the misty fog. “We don’t want to alert them to our whereabouts. Understood?” 
Angus nodded in agreement. The raft jerked beneath him. Powered by an unknown force, the small craft sailed through the waves. The aroma of decay filled the air. Hissing and whispering voices swirled around them. A chill snaked around Angus’ feet. Over the water’s surface the outline of two dancing figures floated past. 
Vanora leaned carefully over the moldy railing watching the spectral figures waltz across the water and into the mist. “Who were they?” she asked.
Fane whispered. “The doomed lovers. You’ll see them from time to time. They’re harmless unless you come between them and then—”
Vanora interrupted. “How romantic, dancing through time for all eternity.”
“Romantic?” Angus said. “Are you nuts? What’s romantic about a place like this?” 
Fane tugged the hood of his cloak over his head. “Cover up. Anytime you see the doomed lovers it means rain.” He cast his eyes upward as the sky started to weep. “The heavens shedding tears over broken hearts.” 
Vanora slipped on her hood, while Angus welcomed the cooling drizzle. Droplets splashed into the gloomy waters and things large and deep flipped below the surface. 
Fane took a handkerchief from his pocket and mopped his damp brow. “First we pass through the floating market.”
Vanora peeled back her hood. “Cool, I love shopping. Do they take British currency?”
“No, my dear, there isn’t anything you should want. It’s where the dark and enchanted stock up on supplies. Not a place for the faint of heart, nor the innocent.” 
Oxton pointed upriver. “It’s just around the bend.”
Up ahead, several dilapidated boats were fixed to the rocky shoreline on both sides of the river. Warton’s Apothecary Shop was painted on the side of the first boat. A bald hunchback, with a somber gray blanket swaddled around his shoulders, manned the vessel. Big wooden kegs stood on the deck and Vanora read aloud some of the names written on the sides, “Tasmanian tubeworm teeth, flesh-eating flies, belfry bat bladders, anteater appendix, and weasel wax.” Vanora slapped her hand over her mouth. “Gross!” 
“Think that’s bad, look at those.” Angus pointed to a wooden plank holding dingy glass jars. “Elfin ears, lizard lungs, dung beetle brownies, and last but not least, frog fries.” 
He squinted to read the last jar filled with small black globs. Fane cleared his throat. “Those are black hag hearts. They’re quite small and it’s hard to find donors since most hags don’t have any heart at all.” 
Vanora shivered. “This place gives me the creeps. I can’t wait to get out of here.”
Angus couldn’t help but agree. 
The raft floated past the apothecary shop to another boat, Rotten To The Core. A small sloop stocked with a variety of apples, teeming with flies. An old woman with a face like a shrew and a ratty shawl over her head stuck her wrinkled hand out. She balanced a bruised apple in her palm. “Razor-ridden Romes, half off today.” 
A long pole stuck out of each barrel, advertising a different variety. Poisonous, Wormy, Maggot-ridden, Gut-wrenching and Teacher Slayer. The woman gave him a toothless grin. “Comes with free fruit flies,” she offered. “Don’t you like flies? Nice ripe, fluttery flies?” She ran a thick tongue around the toothless hole and slurped. 
Angus shuddered as they drifted past and the woman scrunched up her face. “Cheapos!” she screeched. 
Vanora’s face turned red. “How rude!” 
The old bag threw an apple at them. It landed at Oxton’s feet and split apart. A fat worm with two spiky fangs wriggled out. It inched its way to the giant’s foot leaving a slimy slug trail behind and sank its teeth into the toe of his leather boot. Oxton raised his foot to smash it when it wriggled away and slithered into the water.
The hag cackled and Vanora cast her a withering glare. “The nerve of that nasty old bag.” 
“Don’t make a scene,” Angus warned. “You’ll start a riot.”
Vanora stuck her nose in the air. “I suppose you’re right. But, I just hate bad service.”
The raft drifted between a rusty barge advertising cauldron sales and repair, and a single-masted cog selling spell books and toxic tokens. Wedged into the muddy bank a Spanish galleon lay shipwrecked. Weeds and cattails strangled the helm. A rotten wooden plank led to a decaying deck. An open sign swung back and forth in the breeze, dangling from a corroded hook. 
Angus scrunched up his nose. “What do they sell in there? Influenza?” 
“No, but something just as dreadful,” Fane said. “An assortment of second-hand weapons.” 
A man dashed out onto the deck clad in a filthy waistcoat and top hat. He leaned over the side gripping onto the railing with fingerless grimy gloves. “We’ve got the finest collection of executioner hoods—stain proof!” 
“No, thank you,” Fane answered politely. 
Angus thought for a moment and tugged on Fane’s arm. “Maybe he has something we can use to battle Dragomir?”
Fane chuckled. “I’m afraid not, and you don’t want to go aboard. They give free demonstrations, quite gory—if you know what I mean.”
“Look.” Vanora pointed to the last ship. “A pen and quill shop. How interesting.”
The last vessel, a Victorian steamboat equipped with a paddle-wheel, drew near. Words shimmered in lavish letters across its leaded glass windows. The Ink Blotter. All Your Stationery Needs Sold Here. 
“It would certainly be a nice shop,” Fane said. “If it weren’t for the lethal letter openers. And to be honest, I’ve never liked their parchment, lumpy and full of veins.”
“Yuk!” Vanora said, wrinkling her nose. 
The raft floated onward, leaving the nasty market place behind. A heavy choking mist swirled in around them like a widow’s shawl. 
Oxton raised his spear. His voice cracked. “It’s the white death!”
The fog swallowed up every sound in the river. The eerie unnatural silence, and the struggle for every breath he took, made Angus’ heartbeat turn into emergency pounding. His ears prickled with heat. Icy fingers tickled the back of his neck, then disappeared. Had Vanora touched him? She was swatting something on her head. The gold combs in her hair moved up and down. Angus opened his mouth to warn her when Oxton clamped a giant hand over his mouth. 
“Hush boy,” the giant whispered into his ear. “They won’t harm you. It’s just lost and curious souls returning home from a night with the Seer.” 
“Who?” Angus mumbled. 
Before the giant answered, something broke through the smog. Dim yellow lantern light illuminated a weathered riverboat with a mossy sign dangling from the stern. Madam Varga’s Fortune Telling. 
Oxton helped them onto a plank over the murky water to the riverboat’s deck. He glanced at Fane. “You go on. I’ll stay here and keep watch.”
Fane nodded in agreement. “Come along children, remain as silent as possible. Madam will surely know how we can journey downstream unharmed.”
Fane led them up the wobbly plank. Angus stared into the dark river below. Large bubbles gurgled and popped. He held tighter to the rotten ropes covered in slimy vegetation, and held his breath until he was safely aboard. 
Uncoiling from the branches of a willow tree overhanging the ship, a black snake dropped onto the deck. Vanora clamped a hand over her mouth to keep from screaming. It made wide undulating sweeps across the ship and paused at the girl’s toes. “Excusssse me,” it hissed. 
Vanora bit her lower lip and danced around the snake, almost stepping on it before leaping clear of it. The snake shook its triangular head. “Ssssilly human. How Carelesssss!” 
It slithered into the water and disappeared in the shallows. 
“That snake spoke to me. Did you hear it?”
Angus nodded. Somehow nothing surprised him anymore. 
Fane shrugged. “Of course he spoke, wouldn’t be very polite of him if he didn’t, now would it? You’re lucky he was as polite as he was considering you almost squished him.”
Vanora stared, dumfounded. 
Fane knocked on the boathouse door with the knobby head of his blackthorn stick. It creaked open and he ducked inside with Angus and Vanora at his heels. An old woman sat in a rocking chair dressed in a high-necked black dress, with a severe gray bun pinned at the nape of her neck and tinted black spectacles. Her hands moved back and forth, knitting. She ignored them as they drew closer. 
Vanora latched onto Angus’ arm. Her voice quivered. “She’s knitting spider webs!”
Angus’ chest tightened. In the dusky light, tarantulas and hobo spiders weaved in and out of the delicate and intricate pattern. The web swallowed up the old woman’s feet and extended into the main body of the house. She rested the dreadful craft in her lap and pointed to a circular end-table in the center of the room. 
“Don’t destroy the webs,” Fane whispered. “It’s bad luck.”
One hairy tarantula captured a smaller spider and ate it. Angus cringed. “Nice place, remind me to get the name of her decorator.”
They stepped around the old crone to the table. A tattered laced doily covered the dusty surface with a crystal ball balanced in the center. In front of the ball lay three old photographs, black and silvery and covered in dust. 
As they approached the crystal ball began to glow, and then the image of a woman’s face came into focus. A violet scarf wrapped around her head and tied in a knot at the front, framed her square jaw. Her hypnotic eyes glittered into phosphorescent beams that melted into two luminous rings. “What is it that you seek of Madam Varga? Fame or Fortune?” 
Fane stepped closer to the table. “Neither, Madam. It is information we seek.”
“Ask what you may, but be aware I do not shield the truth.”
A spider dropped from the ceiling and dangled in front of them. Fane waved it away with his stick. “We need protection to travel downriver, past areas cursed with dark spirits.” 
“That I can provide,” she said, then set her gaze on Angus. Her eyes blazed. “Is this the son of the ancient king?”
Fane reached back and pulled Angus forward. “Yes, this is Angus MacBain.”
The head wobbled toward Angus. He wanted to, but didn’t, shy away. A grin broke onto the face.
“Very well,” she said. “I am pleased to see the end of Dragomir is possibly at hand. Only the boy can deliver the anti-venom that will heal the troubled waters. And you must make haste for the life of the boy’s mother is at stake. He must cast the rune stones.”
Angus gripped the sides of the dusty table. “My mother? Where is she?”
An image flashed within the ball: a woman with raven hair that hung in long ringlets framing her alabaster face and cinder colored eyes. She held out her arms in a loving gesture to Angus, then she disappeared into vapors. He longed to press him face against the ball, to see his mother again. It had happened so fast, but even so, the fleeting glance left him with a mixture of excitement and bitter sorrow. 
Madam Varga’s face appeared again. “First he must cast the rune stones as I’ve asked.”
Vanora pointed to a box on the right side of the table. Angus grabbed it, and flipped open the lid to expose a circle of flat red rocks etched with long skinny symbols.
“Choose only four and toss them onto the table.”
Angus selected four, held them between sweaty palms and spilled them onto the table like dice. Madam Varga closed her eyes and then snapped them open. Her voice boomed louder and deeper than before. “You must meet with the Guardian of the Dead in the ancient burial grounds. He has the sword that matches your shield. They’ve been kept apart for a reason, as together they form Dragomir’s doom.” 
Vanora frowned. “How so?”
“I can only tell you that he who bears the shield and sword wields great power. But great power demands great courage. Take the photographs spread before you—but take care not to use them until you are past the evils of this river, for they may not serve you as planned. On your way out, ask the web-weaver for the tincture.” The oracle narrowed her eyes. “The boy must add two drops of his own blood to the mixture as a sacrifice to the souls. Now hurry, for the hour of fate with Dragomir draws near.” Madam Varga’s face faded from the ball.
Angus swallowed hard, gathered up the photographs, and stuffed them into his pocket. They rushed to the woman in the rocker. Without a word, the old web-weaver reached out a crusty hand and dropped a bottle into Angus’ palm. He shuddered as her yellowed nails scraped across his flesh. 
Oxton stood waiting in the raft, his eyes half-closed while he leaned against his massive spear. “Did she give you a tincture for protection?” 
Angus nodded and held up the potion. The hard lines in Oxton’s face relaxed. The giant helped them into the raft. Soon they were on the way. The raft steered on its own into the fog. Around the next twist in the river, the wind picked up speed, howling across the channel. A stabbing painful shriek caused Angus to drop the bottle so he could cover his throbbing ears. 
Oxton snatched the vial before it hit the floor of the raft and tossed it back to Angus. The giant set hard eyes on Fane. “The dark spirits know we’re here and it angers them that we trespass. They’re bound to murder us for the crime.”
Fane unhooked a lantern from the railing and thrust it before him into the fog. Hundreds of angry skeletal faces glared back. Fane whirled and stared at Angus. “Do it now!”
Angus handed Vanora the bottle, reached into his backpack and pulled out the dagger given to him by Captain Lee. 
Vanora grimaced. “Oh Angus, how can you stand to cut yourself?”
“I have to,” Angus snapped. “Now hold the bottle still.”
Vanora opened the vial, gritted her teeth and clamped her eyes shut while he drew the blade across the tip of his index finger. Angus held the wounded appendage over the bottle. Two thick droplets of blood dripped into the mixture. Vanora handed him the tincture. He leaned over the putrid water and poured the elixir in. The bloody liquid made a round, oily spot on the surface, remained there a moment, and then swirled into a whirlpool. The mist lifted from the water and everything turned still as death.
Oxton examined the dark waters. “It should be safe.”
Angus heaved a sigh of relief, but then noticed the frown creasing Fane’s brow. 
“What’s the matter?” Angus asked. 
Fane shook his head. “We’ll never make it to the mountains by nightfall.” He stared at Angus, his face troubled, then slowly his eyes lit up. He snapped his fingers. “How could I have forgotten? Quick Angus, give me the photos.” 
“Photos?” Angus asked. 
“The ones from Madam Varga.”
After cutting his hand he’d almost forgotten about them. He tugged the photographs from his pocket. The first one showed a mountain, the second a creepy looking cemetery and the third a peaceful meadow. Something about the lush field looked familiar. But he couldn’t place it. 
Fane took the one with the mountain from his hand. “Keep the other two with you at all times. There’s good reason Madam gave them to you.”
“Like what?”
Fane set the photo of the mountain onto the wet boards of the raft. “For taking shortcuts. You must not use them in a place of great evil, for they might not take you where you want them to. Now that the waters are healed it’s safe to use one here. Everyone please take your turn. Step onto the picture. Angus, you go first. Be sure to close your eyes.” 
“It’s getting wet. If I step on it I’ll ruin it completely.”
“Yes, of course. It’ll dissolve on its own after we use it anyhow. It’s only good for one shortcut per group. And it’s a good thing, because we wouldn’t want our enemies to find it and know where we are going.”
The corners of Vanora’s mouth quirked upward. “You mean we step on a photo of a place and that’s where we will end up?”
“Exactly,” Fane said. “But they must be used in proper order. If used out of sequence, it could cost us our lives.”  
Angus rubbed his chin. “So we can’t just use the photo of the graveyard to take us directly to the Guardian of the Dead?”
“Only as a last resort, as we could end up in a grave as well as standing on one. These photographs are not to be taken lightly. They can also have double meanings. A shortcut photo of a graveyard can be symbol of death.” Fane cleared his throat. “Now let’s be off, Angus you go first.”
Angus held tight to the straps on his pack, clamped his eyes shut, and stepped onto the face of the old photograph. 

17


Angus spiraled downward and fell into a pool of rubbery goo. The elastic gunk gave way and he landed with a thud in soft grass, his backpack and shield at his side. When he stood, the towering mountain range from the picture loomed before him, with steep crags and emerald pinnacles shrouded in wispy clouds. 
With a whoosh, Oxton and Fane landed beside him, while Vanora floated onto her tiptoes.
Angus dusted off his knees. “Why was I the only one to have such a rough landing?”
Fane examined the mountain. “Sorry, but the first one has to break open the portal.” He stabbed his walking stick into the ground and leaned on the knob. “And unfortunately, it hasn’t been used for over a hundred years.”
Angus swung the pack and shield onto his back and wiped specks of black and white film from the front of his tunic. He rubbed his neck, glaring up and up to the top of the towering peaks blanketed in a shimmering haze. A sinking feeling filled his gut. “Are we climbing up there?”
“No,” Fane said, still examining the mountain. “Of course not. We’re going through it.” 
Vanora groaned. “Great, more dark caves and creepy places.”
“Nothing of the sort. It’s a very pleasant ride.”
Vanora frowned. “Ride?”
Fane ignored her and hiked twenty paces to the base of the mountain, ducked around a large boulder, and disappeared inside a gaping crevice. 
“Move along, kids,” Oxton said. “We don’t have all day.”
Angus ducked inside. Tiny lights hung on thin wires on each side of the hollowed-out walls; bright red and blue bulbs that reminded him of Christmas. Angus’ heart sank. He wondered if he’d ever see another holiday again or get to spend one with his mother. 
A dozen mining carts stood ready on a set of steel rails. Fane climbed into the first one and sat down. He left the side door open for the rest of them to board. Vanora and Angus followed, sitting opposite of Fane and Oxton. They all crammed tightly together in order to close the door. As soon as the hatch slammed shut, the mining car took off, zipping down the railway, screeching against the tracks as it gained speed. 
The rock walls were a blur as they whizzed past.
“We’re going too fast!” Vanora shouted.
The cart swayed dangerously around a corner. Its cast iron wheels wobbled and flicks of red-hot sparks sprayed into the darkness. 
Angus gripped the side rails. Vibrations jarred painfully into his fingertips. He shot a glance into the darkness below and crouched down. “It’s gonna jump the tracks!”
Oxton yawned. “Thank goodness because I’m getting sleepy.”
Angus gaped at the giant and slid down even more in his seat, bracing for a traumatic crash. Ahead, he expected the tracks to stretch into the blackness of the tunnel. But no. About twenty feet away, the tracks ended. He shot upright in the seat. “Stop!”
Too late.
The car hit the end of the rails and took off airborne. It careened through the hand-chiseled tunnel into solid darkness at a furious speed. It burst forth into daylight, hundreds of feet above the tops of cottages tucked into a lush valley hidden in a circle of mountains. Instead of falling straight down, the mining car flew as if it had wings.
Angus gulped down the fear burning in his throat and studied the strange site below him. “Where are we?”
Fane leaned over the side and peered down. “The village of Zephandale. In order to trap Dragomir, we need to find out how he escaped his rocky prison.” Fane scratched his beard. “It’s really quite puzzling. But we shall find out soon enough. Nobody knows more about geology than the dwarves.” 
The mining car slowed, hovered over a wide street, then took a gut-wrenching dive downward. Everyone hung onto the sides tightly. But no one hung on as hard as Angus, eyes clamped shut and heart ramming against his ribcage.
“Wee,” Vanora exclaimed as the cart descended to the ground and slammed onto a set of tracks that wove like a crooked ribbon through the cobblestone streets. The cart rumbled down the rails through the center of the town, taking wide sweeping corners around thatched cottages, stout brick buildings and street peddlers. The vehicle stopped in front of a dark stone pub. Thick vines and plants grew from its roof made of rushes and straw. Poking out from beneath the foliage a black sign with red lettering read, The Miners Inn.
Oxton leaned into them as he wrenched opened the cart door and heaved his massive frame out. The mine car jolted to one side then sprang upright again. Angus scrambled out, glad to leave the contraption behind. 
The village chimed with busy sounds. The pounding of a smith’s hammer, the clomp of cart horses, chickens cackling, and tinkers advertising their goods. In the distance the somber ringing of church bells filled Angus with a sense of peace he hadn’t felt for a very long time.
The serene moment passed when a stumpy creature wearing knee-high knickers, striped socks and a black top hat wobbled out of the pub. 
Fane stood behind Angus and lowered his voice. “Don’t make eye contact. It’s a leprechaun, greedy creatures with harsh and twisted desires.”
Angus dropped his gaze, but it was too late. The leprechaun swaggered toward him, an ugly smile smeared across his hardened face. 
“Travelers! After me gold, are you? Or are you after something else?”
“Just ignore him.” Fane pushed Angus and Vanora toward the pub door. Oxton stepped between them and the creature. He stabbed his spear into the dirt in front of the leprechaun and glared at him. 
The creature smiled and sidestepped the giant, leering at Angus. “That boy, there’s something special about him, eh? Something special enough to warn the Dacian knight? Something that a few coins could pay to keep a humble creature quiet. Something shiny like that amulet?”
The creature jabbed a stubby finger at Angus’ dragon charm. Angus slapped a protective hand over it. 
The leprechaun scowled and stumped closer, his cloven heeled boots clicking on the cobblestone roadway. “Give it to me or else I’ll tell the Dark One. I’ll tell. I swear on my last silver shilling I will.” 
Vanora gasped and the creature narrowed his raisin-like eyes at her. He studied her for a moment and his lips curled into a sneer. “I’ll keep quiet if the girl child gives me one of her golden mermaid combs. In trade, I’ll grant you my silence and I’ll give her one precious coin.”
Vanora raised an eyebrow at Angus. “I just hate a tattletale, don’t you?” She slipped a gold comb from her hair. A thick bundle of blonde curls escaped down her back. 
She tossed the trinket to the leprechaun and he caught it with the tips of his grimy fingers. The creature examined the ornament and stuffed it into a pouch at his side. 
Vanora tapped her foot impatiently and held out her hand. “Now where’s that coin you promised?”
Fane pulled her hand away. “Don’t count on getting anything in return, my dear. His word is no good. In his leather bag is a magical coin that will return to the pouch each time it is paid out. Whoever receives it will be left with nothing but ashes.”
“A deal is a deal,” the nasty creature said, reaching into his pouch. “I promised one coin and that is what she will get.” He tossed a coin into the air, and spun in a tight circle and vanished. Vanora caught the gold piece before it hit the cobblestone. And, just as Fane said, the currency disintegrated to ashes in her hands. 
Vanora wiped the cinders from her fingers. “That little creep!” She wrapped her loose hair into a bun and secured it with the remaining comb. 
“Thanks for doing that,” Angus said. He felt bad that she had to give up one of her gifts from the Mer-people. “At least you still have the other one.”
Her eyes watered. “No big deal,” Vanora said, her voice breaking.
“Please don’t feel bad,” Angus said, his heart aching for her. “Someday I’ll get you something even better to replace it.” 
Vanora’s lip trembled. She threw her arms around his neck. “Thank you, Angus, but you don’t have to.”
Angus didn’t pull away. He liked the feel of her arms around him. It’d been so long since someone hugged him this way. 
Oxton glanced at Fane. “Shall I go after the creature?”
“No, don’t bother, it’s like chasing your own tail. He’ll tell all he knows for a simple speck of gold. Nothing we can do, except complete our task here and make haste to battle Dragomir.” 
Oxton gripped the door handle and the heavy pub door rumbled open. Inside the noisy tavern, at least a dozen dwarves dressed in gold belted, knee-length, tunics in shades of russet and moss, turned to stare at the travelers. Smoke charred beams crisscrossed the ceiling and dark paneled wood framed dingy windows. From high up on the walls, portraits of dour looking dwarves stared down at them with a stern greeting.
Something skittered around an open hearth. Angus spotted pixies roasting bits of mushrooms and warming their tiny backsides. He pointed them out to Vanora who giggled and said something about how cute they were. Angus didn’t see anything endearing about them. They looked mischievous and the way they were fighting over every bit of food reminded him of spoiled children.
A bulky dwarf with bare, muscled arms and steel shod boots rose from a crowded table and thudded across the flagstone toward them. A war hammer swung at his side; a bristly gray beard that reached his knees was tucked neatly in the heavy belt at his thick waist. He smiled at them, but Angus didn’t get a warm, fuzzy feeling in his gut.
“Come weary travelers, sit, drink and be merry,” the dwarf said. 
“Domnall, my old friend.” Fane said, smiling. “Don’t you recognize me?”
The elderly dwarf studied him for a moment. “The great enchanter. After all this time, could it be?” 
Fane nodded and the innkeeper grabbed his arm, almost knocking him over as he shook it vigorously. “My old friend has returned. Time for a celebration!” The twinkle in the dwarf’s eyes suddenly turned hard. “For you to return after all these centuries, confirms the rumors. Dark times are upon us indeed.”
“Yes, I’m afraid so.” Fane released a ragged sigh. “We heard that Dragomir escaped.”
The innkeeper’s rosy face, blanched, and he nodded. “We’ve kept the stronghold safe at the base of the mountains. Come, let’s sit and I’ll tell you more.”
They followed him to a dark corner table lit only by a faint flicker of candles. Fane sat down and lowered his voice. “We haven’t much time. We’ve been spotted by a leprechaun.”
Domnall’s eyes hardened. “I saw the crafty creature in here. I knew he was up to no good. I’m sure the dark one has other spies here as well.” 
“What I would like to know is how in goblins gorb did Dragomir escape? You and I and many of the great leaders oversaw his imprisonment. There seemed no possible way for him to get loose.” 
The dwarf signaled to a scrawny human waitress, clad in a gauze blouse, skirt, and a snug fitting corset. She hurried to the table balancing tall glasses of honey nectar, thick slabs of bread, and cheese on a silver tray. She passed a plate to each person, then set the glasses of sweet nectar before them. The waitress paused and gave a wide grin. “Enjoy,” she cackled. “While you still can, young king.”
As she hurried off to serve another table, Angus’ stomach fluttered with nerves. 
Domnall gripped the glass before him and took a long drink then wiped his whiskers on his sleeve. “What we did not take into consideration was our un-doing.”
“What do you mean?” Fane asked.
“Somehow the tides changed. Old Mother Nature herself turned on us, causing the plates in the earth to shift just enough for the earth to shake apart.”
Angus interrupted. “You mean like an earthquake?”
The innkeeper nodded. “As the world of mankind warmed and the polar caps started to melt, it caused changes that we at one time thought would never affect our world. Unfortunately we were wrong. At any rate Dragomir, after centuries of rotting in that rocky cairn, no longer possessed the body of a man. He had long ago turned to vapors, and a few of those evil wisps seeped through the fine cracks in his rocky tomb. At his command those rocks transformed into giants, who then dug him out, freeing his evil upon the world. Now they serve his every whim.”
The dwarf stared hard at Angus. “I guess it’s all up to the boy now to see if he can persuade the Guardian of the Dead to give up King MacBain’s sword. I know others who have died trying. The longer Dragomir is free the more powerful he becomes.”
Angus’ stomach churned. He glanced at Vanora, who gulped like she had just swallowed a giant gumball. 
The dwarf set down his cup. “Hope the boy’s a good talker. If he can keep his head on his shoulders that long.”
Fane gave Domnall a stern look. The dwarf quickly changed the subject. “You must be weary. Since the leprechaun has seen you, it’s best that you don’t stay here. Journey to the end of the village, to the dairyman’s cottage. They’d never think to look for you there. I’ll send someone ahead to let them know you’re coming.” 
“What if the giants come here looking for Angus?” Vanora asked.
Domnall scowled and slammed his fist on the table. “Never would they dare. But the Dacian knight has many spies and you are all in grave danger.”
The travelers hurried from the pub and down the busy lane. They took a left onto a street named Ironwood. Peddlers lined the avenue, selling pick-axes, whetstones, and blasting caps. At the outskirts of town they passed into lush, cultivated fields. A villager, busy at work, stood behind a fat team of oxen plowing the fertile soil. Other dwarves tended gardens with hoes. 
Behind a wooden sheepfold they came to a stone dairy. Cheese presses and settling pans crowded the small interior. A plump woman stood with her back turned, stirring a pot suspended over a fire in the hearth. A skinny black tail protruded from her generous backside. The tail wagged back and forth. Angus, staring at the oddity…tripped on a milk bucket, sending it clattering across the floor. The woman whirled and planted her stubby hands on her wide hips, her soft brown eyes filled with concern. “Oh, my dear, are you all right?” 
Angus got to his feet, embarrassed. “I’m so sorry, I didn’t see the tail—pail! I mean.” 
Her somber face brightened and she dismissed him with a gentle wave of her hand. “Not to worry my dear, no worry at all. I told Brosha not to set it there.” She tucked a strand of yellow hair behind a pointy ear. “But he’s always leaving things laying about.” She wiped her hands on the front of her apron. “Anyhow, please do come in, the others will be here soon.” 
“Others?” Vanora asked.
“Yes, kitten. The mapper, the spotter, and perhaps others as well. But do come and sit down and make yourself at home.”
“She’s got a tail, did you see it?” Angus whispered to Vanora.
“Yeah, and whiskers too.” 
Angus studied the strange woman again, trying not to be rude. Rows of whiskers protruded like fishing line from the sides of her chubby cheeks.
Fane shook his head. “Whiskers and a tail are really nothing unusual. Dwarves generally marry women of the feline persuasion.” 
A stocky dwarf with great fuzzy sideburns and a puffy red face shuffled just inside the doorway. Two buckets hung from a wooden yoke across his back. He slipped the burden from his shoulders and set the buckets near the fire. “Welcome friends to our humble home. I see you’ve met my wife Katherine, or Kat as I call her.”
Vanora giggled and whispered into Angus’ ear. “Her name is Kat? Can you believe that?”
“Of course it is,” Angus said, rolling his eyes. “And his name must be Dopey or Sleepy or whatever. And they probably have kids named Sylvester or Garfield. This is just getting way too weird.”
Fane shook the dwarf’s hand. “Thank you for having us.”
“Excusez-moi,” spoke a voice with a French accent.
Fane stepped aside. A man hurried past wearing a wool beret, a paintbrush tucked behind his ear and a long tunic splattered with paint. Under his arm he carried a spool of canvas which he took to the kitchen table and started to unroll. At his heels, an old dwarf hobbled, squinting through a pair of thick bifocals. He held a bright lantern in front of him even though it was broad daylight outside. 
The old dwarf peered at the travelers and lifted the lantern to his face. “Hello, I’m Damon O’Forge. I’m the spotter.” With a nod of his old gray head he motioned to the man in the wool beret hat. “My trusty friend here, Saint-Pierre, is the mapper.”
The Frenchman mumbled a quick bonjour and returned his attention to the brightly colored map before him. 
Vanora crinkled her nose. “What’s a spotter and a mapper?”
“Very simple my young friend,” the old dwarf said. “I spot Dragomir and Pierre maps his location.” 
The elderly dwarf hobbled to the table and pointed a knobby finger at several key points on the canvas map. “I’ve spotted him here last night and here the night before, at the western end where all the creatures of the sea dwell.” 
“This is where you must go, young man.” He tapped at a dark spot on the map. “It’s not far by mining cart. You can pass through the mountain to the ancient burial grounds. Try to remember that some creatures only slumber in their graves and have done so for centuries. Try not to cause a ruckus and wake them up or it’ll make matters much worse for you. I’d advise you travel to the cemetery during the day as Dragomir is similar to all bloodsuckers, and is the most powerful at night.”
Oxton stepped to the table and examined the map. “Where did you last see him?”
“We last spotted him entering the Frightful Forest near the city of Murias, where the Tuatha De Danaan and humans make their home. That cemetery is right in the heart of that woodland. You’ll have a devil of a time with the shortcut through the mountain by cart unless you have a guide to show you the entrance.” 
“That’s where I’ll be of service,” Brosha boomed. “I’ll show you the way into that old mine. It hasn’t been used in ages, but it will get you there faster than any other route.” 
Kat came to the table and served tea and thick slices of cake. She put a scoop of ice cream on top just for Vanora and Angus, and set it before them. She looked at them with big worried eyes, wrung the apron at her waist and went back to stirring the pot over the fire. 
The old dwarf swallowed a piece of cake, washed it down with the tea, and pinned Angus with his dark eyes. “They say Dragomir’s evilness is seeping into every dark crevice and corner. But mostly in that ancient graveyard where King MacBain’s sword lies. I’m afraid you will encounter more dark forces than light. No telling what might happen.”
Angus shivered and tried to swallow. It seemed a lump of clay rather than cake was stuck in his windpipe. 
Kat dropped the spoon into the pot with a clatter. “A child has no place in that graveyard. I simply won’t hear of you old fools endangering a young one’s life.” 
“It’s his destiny, good wife,” Brosha said. “Take heart that he isn’t going alone. Dragomir’s evil will come to an end soon and we will all have peace once again. It’s in the boy’s blood to win and to survive—no harm will come to him. Have faith. You’ll see.”
Kat dabbed her eyes with a cotton hankie and came to Angus’ side. “I suppose he’s right, but do take care, child. For your mother’s sake.”
At the mention of his mother, the fear churning inside Angus’ gut turned to fire. “I’ll be fine. It’s Dragomir who should take care.”

18


The travelers left the comfort of Brosha’s home, passing villagers busy shearing sheep, pruning trees and collecting acorns to feed to squealing pigs. It seemed everyone had a job, a family, and a warm home. A terrible emptiness stirred within Angus that made it hard to leave the safety of the simple parish behind. Whatever the cost, he would find his mother and bring her home, and he’d have a family again. 
The dwarf guided them into a field of barley and as the small band tramped through the deeply furrowed soil, nesting pheasants flushed from their protective homes fled into the amber sky. 
At the end of the fertile pasture, a rock wall supporting a wooden door framed by thick beams marked the entry into the Southern Mountains Mine. Brosha gripped the wooden handle and wrestled the door open. Tunnels lined with rich veins of calcite spidered in all directions. Rotten timber and rock-slides barricaded most of the routes leaving only two operable railways. Abandoned ore carts just like the one they had ridden before, only smaller, rusted into the earth. A single battered lantern hung from an iron spike. 
Brosha grasped the lamp and turned up the wick. “This way is not a common route. Only used by independent miners looking for streaks of silver, gold, or garnets to sell at the marketplace.” 
The friendly dwarf dusted off the seats of two mining cars still sound enough to be on the tracks. “Better pair up for more leg room.”
Fane and Oxton climbed into the biggest cart while Angus and Vanora got into one behind them.
Vanora wiggled in her seat with excitement while Angus took a couple deep breaths to try to calm his nerves. He didn’t look forward to another high-flying episode. Why couldn’t it just stay safely on the tracks? Although these crumbling tracks had seen better days. 
As soon as they had bid farewell to Brosha, the first mine cart pitched forward with Fane and Oxton leading the way. The second car rattled down the rails close behind. Angus glanced over the sides at the deep dark pit below and adjusted his pack and shield. The cart rumbled around a sharp corner and he squeezed his eyes shut as it teetered dangerously on the rotten trestles. 
Fane’s voice boomed. “Lean to your left! Look out!”
Angus snapped his eyes open. The tracks split in two directions. The mining car went flying the opposite way as Fane’s, racing downward, spiraling deeper and deeper into the dark.
“Oh no. We’re going the wrong way!” Vanora yelled.
“Stay where you land and we’ll find you,” Oxton’s voice echoed after them. 
The cart wheeled around a sharp turn and raced deeper into the earth. Sparks flew off the old tracks as they gained speed. Angus held on so tight he feared he’d never be able to let go. Finally they slowed and the mining car screeched to a halt in front of a wall lit by several dim lanterns. 
“Where do you think we are?” Vanora asked.
Angus shrugged. “How should I know? The big question is how do we get out of here?”
“Oxton said he’d come and find us, so all we can do is sit and wait.”
Angus shook his head and scrambled from his seat. “We don’t have time. I have to hurry to the cemetery and get that sword before Dragomir kills my mother.”
Vanora clambered out of the cart. “Did you hear that?”
Angus shrugged. “Hear what?”
“That sound. A clinking sound.” Her face brightened. “Someone’s working down here!”
The ring and chip of a pickax came from one of two dark tunnels to Angus’ right. He stood between the two entrances craned his ears and pointed to the smallest passageway. “It’s coming from this one!” 
A stiff wave of apprehension washed over him. The tunnel appeared tight and dark with only a faint flicker of lantern light at the end.
Vanora bit her lower lip. “Do you think it’s safe? Aren’t there toxic gases in old mines?”
“If it were dangerous, why would someone be working down here?” 
Vanora shrugged. “Only one way to find out.” 
Angus bravely stepped inside, ducking his head to keep from scraping it on the jagged ceiling. The sound of Vanora’s footsteps flopping behind him seemed louder than normal. The tight passageway grew smaller and smaller. He scrunched his shoulders and wedged himself into the next bend. 
“It’s really getting crowded in here,” Angus said. His pulse pounded in his ears. 
“I see more light ahead,” Vanora said. “I think we’re almost there.”
Angus hurried down the tunnel crouching and squeezing around another tight corner and into a dimly lit cavern filled with strange snorting sounds. 
“What is that?” he whispered.
“It sounds like snoring,” Vanora said. “But who’d be sleeping down here?” 
Angus didn’t want to think about it. He’d encountered enough strange creatures to already know that whatever had a burrow in this place most likely wasn’t friendly. 
The farther he walked into the room the louder the snoring became accompanied by whistling exhales. Shadowy outlines of bodies covered the stone floor. A wave of overpowering dizziness washed over him. 
“What happened to the clinking sound?” he asked. When she didn’t answer he turned around to face a blinding light. 
“Here take these,” a muffled voice said, shoving something into his hands. “And be quick about it.” 
Angus felt the hard outline of a helmet and slipped it on. It came with a gas mask and a light fixed to the brim. When he put the mask over his mouth, a cool rush of oxygen filled his lungs and the dizziness left him. He clicked on the helmet’s light. In front of him, stood a short, bristly man with rosy skin covered in dirt and grime. On his head he wore a similar helmet and light. He gave Angus a concerned look. “You kids shouldn’t be in here. It’s not safe. Just look around you at all the victims. They’ve been sleeping for a year straight.”
Vanora adjusted her mask. “Sleeping? Why?” 
“The powder,” the stranger said, pointing to where he’d been working. Angus aimed the helmet light on the spot. The wall shimmered with glittery white powder. A powder that looked very familiar.
“For the sandman,” the miner said. “He pays top dollar for the sleeping dust. This is premium, full grade dust. One hundred proof. I’m the only one with sense enough to wear a protective mask. All the others, obsessed with greed, tried to rush in here and work unprotected. Fools, the whole lot of them.” The stranger shook his head. “Guess they didn’t know one grain can knock down a full size pachyderm.”
An idea flashed in Angus’ mind. If he had just a few pocket-sized bags of that powder he could render Dragomir’s giants helpless. 
“How much would it cost for four small bags?” Angus asked.
The man scratched his head and calculated some figures on his fingers. “It’ll cost a great fortune. At least ten rubies.”
Angus’ heart sank.
Vanora looked puzzled. “What are you up to?” 
“I was going to use the powder to battle the giants.” 
“Great idea,” she said. “But without money or gems I guess that’s out.”
The miner’s eyes widened. “Giants? Oh dear me, I have been down here for a very long time.” 
“How about a trade for something of equal value?” Angus asked.
The prospector nodded. “Oh yes, a trade is fine. But you’ll be hard pressed to find something worthwhile to me. And if you’re thinking I need that shield you’re carrying, I wouldn’t have a use for such a thing.”
“No, of course not,” Angus said, shrugging off his backpack. He reached inside and pulled out the golden hammer and chisel that Captain Lee had given him. 
“These were a gift given to me by a great sea captain. They were made by the mining dwarves of Sing Mein. Would you like to swap them for some of that powder?” 
The miner’s eyes widened. “These are worth a great fortune indeed. Created by the ancients themselves. I’ll gladly trade you four bags of dust plus two more!” 
The man hurried to a cart, scooped the fine powder into six leather pouches the size of sandwich bags and returned to hand them to Angus. 
“Thank you,” Angus said, stuffing the bags into his backpack.
“Can you tell us the fastest way out of here?” Vanora asked.
The miner rubbed his chin. “I came in from the Northern Mountains. I’d say it’s a good day by rail. Unfortunately, the oar carts are a bit uncontrollable and refuse to return the way you came. They want to work you see, do the job they were intended for. Every since they quit large-scale operations the mining cars have become quite bored. None of them want to just rot away at the entrance.” The stranger sighed. “They all want to be down here with me, working.”
Angus rubbed his forehead in frustration. “We’ll never find our way out of here in time.” 
Vanora grabbed Angus’ arm. “How about one of those photos?” 
He pulled the two remaining photos from his pocket. Although he longed to be in the peaceful meadow he knew which picture he had to select. 
“Remember what Fane said?” Vanora asked, peering at the photo. 
Angus nodded. “You should try to find your way back to the village. And if I survive, I’ll come back for you. It would be safer than coming with me.”
“No Angus. I won’t let you go alone.”
Angus gripped Vanora’s shoulders. “If I am going to be a king someday, I must be responsible for protecting those I lo-- those around me. I can’t ask you to risk your life. This is something I have to do on my own.”
Vanora stared into Angus’ eyes. “I’m going with you and that’s final. It may be your quest to complete but nobody said you had to do it alone.”
“Okay, I guess there’s no arguing with you.” Angus peered down at the picture. “Hopefully, this is where the Guardian of the Dead is at.”
The stranger came closer, peered down at the photograph and pointed a grimy finger at it. “That’s where he lives all right. Smack in the middle of that bone yard, tucked in the protective folds of the Frightful Forest.”
“Great!” Angus said. “Thanks for your help.” 
The man nodded. “Glad to be of service. Now I must get back to work. Have a good journey.” 
The miner disappeared into the dark. Moments later came the ring of his pickax chipping into a rock wall. 
Angus set the photograph onto the dusty floor. The picture started to swirl. He grabbed Vanora’s hand and together they jumped into the photo. A shot of cold air ripped into his lungs, and the smell of wet paint. He felt himself falling through a long, gooey tunnel. Angus steadied his nerves and set his mind on destroying Dragomir.
****
He landed on his feet with Vanora beside him. A quick survey of his surroundings didn’t reveal any immediate danger. Exhausted, he pulled off his mask and wiped the sweat from his eyes. 
Cathedral like oak trees with huge limbs draped in moss sprawled to the sky. Birds cawed in the distance and sent an involuntary shiver through him like the toll of a funeral bell. 
Vanora tucked her helmet and mask under her arm and rested against the base of a birch tree. “Sure good to be outside again, in the fresh air,” she said. “Which way should we go?”
“What a stupid question.”
Vanora stood rigid. “That’s not very nice, Angus.”
“I didn’t say it.”
Vanora smirked. “Right, then who did?”
Angus pointed upward. “I think he did.”
Vanora moved away from the tree. Two large black eyes and mouth snapped open on the trunk. “Which way, indeed, silly girl child.”
“I’m not silly or stupid,” Vanora said. “I’m a stranger in your land and I need directions.” 
“Stranger indeed and without any brains I see. Just look at the two of you, covered in dirt and grime. Disgusting! And I ask you, what dummies enter a forest wearing gas masks? Really impractical, if you ask me.” 
Angus ignored the insults. “Do you know the way to the Guardian of the Dead? To his cemetery?” 
“Yes, but first you have to guess my name.” 
“What?” Angus said.
“Guess what my name is, stupid boy child.” 
Angus clenched his jaw. “How about woodpile, sandpaper, wood chips or better yet... outhouse for dogs?”
The tree gasped. “You’re a nasty-natured and stupid boy child aren’t you?”
Angus glanced at Vanora. “Got an ax?”
The tree shivered until several of its yellow leaves fluttered to the ground. “All right, just head over the bridge and down a short footpath, you’ll come to the cemetery. I have more to tell you. Life-sparing information, if you will, but only after you guess my name.”
Angus crossed his arms. “Rumpelstiltskin?” 
“No. Keep guessing”
“Jack.”
“No.”
“Henry.”
“No.”
Angus tapped his foot. “Flibber, Flam, Spork, Spam?”
The tree chuckled. “No, of course not.”
“Well then, give us a hint. We can’t stay here all day guessing,” Vanora said.
“Why should I?”
Angus scowled. “Because if you don’t, I’m gonna kick the pitch out of you.”
“Geesh, all right. No call for violence. It rhymes with hurt.”
“Burt!” Vanora blurted. “Burt the birch tree!” 
“Very good, stupid girl child. Now listen closely. Upon entering the cemetery you must turn around three times. Stamp your feet twice and repeat these words. I am a stupid child. A very stupid child.”
Angus glowered. “You’ve got to be kidding.”
The tree laughed until more of its leaves sailed to the ground. “Yes of course, but in all seriousness do beware of the Guardian. As long as you go now, you’ll be fine. He doesn’t turn evil until nightfall.”
“How will I know him? I mean, what does he look like?” Angus asked.
The tree frowned. “Like the grim reaper without the sickle. Instead, he carries a human spine for a whip. That’s all I know.” 
Angus groaned and adjusted the backpack and shield. “I shouldn’t have asked. I was fine with everything until you got to the human spine part.”
“Sorry, but I can only tell the truth,” the tree muttered.
“We’ll you could have fooled me,” Angus said. 
A bird cascaded from the sky, gliding on the gentle winds. It made a swoop to land on one of the tree’s long limbs. Burt reacted instantly, whipping at its tail feathers with one of his thin branches. “Stupid crows, always so nosey and with a spy glass no less.”
Angus’ heart dropped. “Crow?” 
Vanora pointed at the bird. “It’s Cudweed! He’s off to alert Dragomir!” 
Angus searched frantically for a rock. Something to knock Cudweed out of the sky. But it was already too late. Angus’ heart sank. The bird was now just a black dot in the clouds.
Angus stared at Burt. “Quick, tell us the rest of what we need to know.” 
The tree’s eyes narrowed. “Hold your horses.”
“Please! We’re running out of time.”
The tree yawned. “Oh, all right. The Guardian of the Dead rests in the largest mausoleum on top of the hill, built for him by King MacBain. Inside his crypt you will find him asleep and clutching a sword. Remember that there are a great many empty graves in the cemetery, which can be like death traps if you happen to fall into them.” The tree glanced to the sky. “I’d hurry if I were you, not much daylight left.” 
Without saying goodbye Angus and Vanora darted through the trees and to a footbridge that crossed a dark bog. Hollow reeds like giant straws protruded near a tip of a massive rock. They ran across the bridge. Angus suddenly stopped. 
“What are you doing?” Vanora asked. “Come on.”
He ignored her and ducked under the bridge. “We need something to shoot the powder at the giants.” He pointed to the hollow reeds. “And I think I just found the perfect thing.”
“Yeah, but who’s going to volunteer to wade in that muck?” 
Angus examined the rock. “Stand back. I think I can make it to that boulder.” 
He took a running leap and landed right in the center of the rock. He reached down and plucked two of the hollow stalks. The boulder suddenly lurched toward the shoreline. Angus swung his arms to keep his balance. When it got close enough he leaped to safety. 
A stony tortoise-like creature emerged from the water. Wayward strands of swamp grass covered its green head. A large flap of skin resembling a turkey wattle jiggled from the underside of its long neck. “What do you think you’re doing pulling out a bloke’s hair like that?”
“Sorry,” Angus stammered. “I didn’t realize.”
“Well next time ask. Or I may not take you back to shore a second time.” It submerged and disappeared into the swamp, leaving only a trail of bubbles behind. 
“What was that creature?” Vanora asked.
Angus grabbed her arm. “I don’t know. Let’s get out of here.” 
They ran up a well-worn path until they came to the outskirts of the weed-choked graveyard. A mournful howl echoed in the distance and Angus felt the ground tremble beneath his feet. Then it shook again. Footsteps, giant-sized footsteps.

19


Angus and Vanora sprinted down an overgrown path choked with ivy and briar. They rounded a sharp bend and ducked between two wrought-iron gates suspended between limestone slabs. 
Grave markers carved of stone studded the lumpy ground. Mournful lambs, praying angels and weeping cherubs peeped from clusters of overgrown crabgrass. The winding footpath coiled through the main body of the cemetery and threaded between rows of crumbling mausoleums. 
“Wait,” Vanora said. “Listen.”
Angus stopped running and bent over, resting his hands on his knees to catch his breath. “What is it?”
“The footsteps have stopped.” She swallowed hard. “At least for now.”
“Good, I need to get the sword before they find us.” 
Angus hiked deeper into the graveyard with Vanora at his heels, hurrying past statues of lions, angels with outstretched arms, and hooded men wielding axes. 
“Who’s the tubby kid?” a squeaky voice whispered.
“I don’t know, but get a load of that frizz-head he’s with,” a baritone voice boomed.
Vanora latched onto Angus’ arm. “Who said that?”
Angus whirled around and scanned the cemetery. “I don’t know.” 
He inspected the headstones again and the trees draped with moss. “Who’s there?” 
“Nobody,” the squeaky voice answered.
Vanora pointed to a fat ghost lounging on top of a crypt. “Look!” 
The apparition spotted her and a confused expression formed on its pasty white face. It glanced at a skinny ghost leaning up against a tombstone. “The frizz-head saw me! Pointed right at me. I thought they couldn’t see us.”
“Of course they can’t!” the skinny ghost said. “Why should you care anyhow?”
“Because it gives me the willies, the way she’s looking at me. Like someone just dug up my grave.” 
Another ghost dressed in a tattered kilt and linen shirt stepped from behind a Celtic monument. “People cannae see ghosts!”
Vanora crossed her arms. “I can see you.” 
“I dannae believe ye lassie,” the kilted specter said.
“I’ll prove it,” Vanora said. “You’re wearing a kilt with a wilted daisy tucked into your shirt pocket.”
The ghost opened its mouth to say something, then whipped the flower from his lapel and floated away in a huff. The fat and skinny ghosts followed, filtering away, leaving only mumbling echoes behind.
Vanora groaned and turned to Angus. “Can you believe the nerve of those things?”
Angus gazed at the sky. “We have more to worry about than ghosts right now. Remember what the tree said about the Guardian? We have to get the sword before nightfall.”
Vanora scanned the cemetery and pointed to the largest crypt at the top of a hill. “There! That’s got to be it.”
They rushed up the path, dodging a specter of an old woman with a phantom cat tucked under her arm. They stopped suddenly, to let a ghostly horse-drawn hearse, clatter past. Through the glass sides of the carriage, they watched as the lid of a wooden coffin opened slightly and a bony hand held out a cotton hankie and waved. 
Angus didn’t know whether to wave or not.
The skeleton in the coffin raised its skull and dried pretend tears. The coachman snapped the reins and the doom buggy hurried out of sight, disappearing into the rising mist. 
Angus snorted. “Geesh, nothing like mourning for yourself.”
Vanora gulped. “Maybe it’s mourning for us.”
A dark shadow passed overhead, followed by a high-pitched squawk.
Vanora pointed to the sky. “It’s Cudweed again!” 
Angus narrowed his eyes. “Let’s go!” 
They jogged to the top of the hill and stood before the decrepit mausoleum. A gothic door handle shaped like the mouth of a cat yawned in the center. Vines wove around the twisted ring pull. Angus cleared away some of the ivy revealing a carving underneath. He yanked more plants away and ran his hand over the dusty stone door. His heart leapt at the site of a cat and a shield. 
“The MacBain crest!” Angus exclaimed. “This is it for sure.” 
Worry lines creased Vanora’s brow. “I guess we have to knock in order to get in. I just hope it doesn’t wake the Guardian.” 
Angus adjusted his backpack higher on his shoulder. “It should be okay. The tree said he won’t turn evil until nighttime.” He examined the horizon. “We still have some daylight left.” 
He gripped the knocker and rapped three times against the stone door. A deep echo bellowed from inside. But the door remained closed.
Vanora pointed to a slot just below the knocker. “It looks like some kind of lock. Try your dragon charm.”
Angus inserted the dragon tail into the hole. A loud click sounded as the lock released and the door groaned open. Stale air and the smell of damp soil wafted out. Darkness encased every corner inside. 
Vanora peeked over his shoulder. “Is there a torch?” 
“I don’t know. It’s too dark to see. Guess I’ll have to go inside and feel along the wall.” 
He took a deep breath and set a cautious foot inside. The smell of mold and rot made his throat sting and his eyes water. Pinholes of light came from a boarded up window to his left. He ventured farther inside and jerked the boards from the wall. Daylight burst through, sweeping across the dark chamber and coming to rest on a set of chiseled granite steps. Angus crept to the stairwell. It wound down to a lower level where torchlight flickered below. His skin prickled. What dark things lived at the bottom of those stairs? 
Vanora came to his side. “I suppose we have to go down there, right?” 
“Yeah, guess so.” 
Side by side they descended the stone staircase. The closer to the bottom they got the stronger the smell of mildew and moist earth. At the landing they came to a catacomb. Human bones and long-forgotten coffins filled niches in the walls. Hurrying down the dimly lit tunnel, they came to a circular room. Oil lamps and stubs of candles flickered on tall pillars. A stone sarcophagus covered in moss, dust, and cobwebs rested in the center.
Angus picked up a lamp and held it over the coffin. Etched deep into the sandstone lid, a dragon matching the one on his pendant stood guard. 
Angus handed the oil lamp to Vanora. “Hold this while I try to open it.”
He leaned against the lid and pushed hard. It budged, but only slightly. He gave it another shove, using all his weight, and the top slid open. Angus took the light from Vanora and lowered it into the coffin. His hand shook. Wobbly shadows danced inside the murky interior. A film of dust escaped, floated in the air, spinning gloomy circles around a bony frame.
Finally the dusty grime settled. A corpse dressed in a rotted shroud, dark hood, and a pair of gold wrist gauntlets rested in the coffin. It held a giant claymore sword to its chest.
Angus ran the lamplight along the blade, studying the two-handed weapon with his family crest on the hilt. “This is the right one! He has the MacBain sword.”
He studied the crusty hand that cradled the weapon to its moldy chest. “I guess I’ll have to reach my hand inside and grab it, huh?”
Vanora nodded. “No telling what will happen when you do. He might wake up and come after us.” After a second she added, “Better be quick about it.” 
Angus groaned. “You’re not making this any easier, you know.”
“Sorry.”
Holding his breath, Angus grasped the handle and pulled. The Guardian’s skeletal hand flashed up and seized his wrist. Long black fingernails dug into his flesh. In the other, he raised his ghoulish whip. Angus flinched back and tried to jerk his wrist free. The grasp tightened. It pulled him forward as though trying to bring him into the coffin with it. Angus bumped hard into the stone lid. It fell and smashed to pieces on the floor. The sound echoed off the solid walls. 
“Help me!” 
“Stop struggling,” Vanora shouted.
“What?”
Vanora raised her eyebrows. “I don’t think he’ll hurt you. He just doesn’t want you to take the sword.”
“Really? And I thought he just wanted an extra shin-bone to find furniture with in the dark. Now help me!” 
The Guardian cracked the whip, missing Angus’ head by inches.
“We just have to prove you’re the rightful heir.” Vanora took hold of the shield and held it to the skeleton’s face. “The sword belongs to Angus. See? Look at it. Now let him go.” 
In the presence of the shield the claymore glowed, taking on a greenish hue. The Guardian released its grip on Angus’ hand. It sat upright, with eye sockets blazing in the same eerie green light. The skull tilted one way and then the other as though assessing Angus. He backed several steps in case it tried to get hold of him again.
Suddenly, with skeletal fingers, the Guardian grasped the sides of the coffin and climbed out. Shoulder to shoulder, Angus and Vanora backed until they could go no farther. The skeleton tucked his whip under his arm, knelt on one knee and held out the sword. 
Angus crept forward, using only his fingertips, took the claymore. “Thank you.”
The Guardian stood, its bones snapping. It bowed and shuffled back to the stone coffin, climbed inside, and crossed his moldering hands over his chest. The blazing eye sockets turned dark.
Angus examined the sword. It weighed more than he imagined. But it easily balanced in his large hand. For the first time in his life he understood why he’d been bigger than most kids his age. Only a man of considerable size could wield such a weapon. Maybe being big wasn’t so bad after all. 
Vanora handed Angus the shield. “You better take this also.” 
Angus slipped his hand into the leather strap on the back of the shield and gripped the claymore in the other. The shield sang. Together the weapons produced a light that filled the gloomy room with a bright green glow. 
A swirling column of white ectoplasm circled around them. Angus stood rooted to the spot as it looped tighter and tighter until a perfect Celtic knot formed. In the middle, several luminous orbs floated, changed shape and transformed into images of Scottish kings each sitting on a golden throne, clad in kilts and cloaks. They all held swords, large and warlike with the MacBain crest gleaming on the blades.
Vanora clutched Angus’ arm and whispered. “It’s the kings! The sword must have wakened them!” 
Angus and Vanora bowed. When they stood up, the oldest looking of the MacBain Kings held Angus with hard, dark eyes. A heavy, white beard partially concealed his thin lips. He leaned forward and spoke in an ancient tongue. 
Angus strained to understand, but couldn’t. He opened his mouth to ask the king to repeat what he’d said, but stopped as a new ball of ectoplasm formed to one side. The phosphorous orb materialized beside the archaic king, where it transformed into a familiar shape. Grandfather! He nodded to Angus, whose throat clogged with emotion. “With the sword and shield,” his grandfather translated, “you now possess the true power of the kings: Wisdom, Bravery, Endurance, Strength and the Will to oppose all those who love the dark and fear the light.”
Before Angus could respond, the spirit of his grandfather faded. Angus’ heart sank. “Please don’t go.” 
His grandfather’s voice floated on the wind. “Just because you can’t see me doesn’t mean I’m not with you. You must believe in yourself, laddie, and in things that you cannot see. It isn’t only by magic that you and I are bound.” The voice fell silent.
The ghost kings rose from their seats, and in unison hoisted their broadswords and raised a powerful war cry. They formed a single swirling white mass that rushed at Angus as if he were the enemy. Angus held the shield high, to protect himself and Vanora from their wrath. The swirling white mass, spun faster and faster and disappeared inside the sword and shield. Angus sank to his knees, the weapons vibrating in his hands. When the vibrations stopped, he rose to his feet. Confidence pulsed in his veins. 
A terrific boom shook the mausoleum. 
Vanora’s eyes widened. “What was that?”
Dirt and sand filtered from the ceiling. Another boom sounded, this one louder. Rocks and mortar tumbled from the walls. 
“It’s footsteps!” Angus yelled. “The giants are getting closer.” 
Vanora took hold of Angus’ sleeve and pulled him toward the stone steps. “We better get out of here before this thing collapses.” 
They sprinted up the stairs, out of the crypt and into daylight. Angus scanned the cemetery for a hiding place.
“What should we do?” Vanora asked. 
Before he could answer, three giants broke through the trees. Standing at least twenty-feet tall and three yards around the waist. Moss hung from their downturned horns. Their tangled curly hair reminded Angus of coiled cobras. Wrapped in crude hides, each giant carried a different weapon: a knotted iron club, twisted barbed wire on a rope, and a long dagger stained with something brown. Nobody needed to tell Angus it was blood. Snot dripped from their snouts and saliva from their gaping mouths. 
The one with the club smashed it into the ground. The shock waves nearly knocked Angus off his feet, while the other two opened gaping mouths and roared like claps of thunder. The shield sang louder, adjusting its pitch to be heard over the giants roaring voices.
The giants spotted them.
“Run!”
They sprinted away with thundering footsteps inches from their heels. 
Angus snatched Vanora’s arm and yanked her inside a rotting crypt whose door hung on rusty hinges. They sped down into a labyrinth of catacombs. With a single blow, the giant with the club destroyed the tunnels. 
Without breaking stride, Angus tucked the sword into his belt, grabbed Vanora’s hand and ran to a walled grave. He reached up and yanked a skeleton out, climbed inside, and pulled Vanora in with him. 
He scrambled to the back of the grave. “Scoot in here,” he said. 
Vanora crawled to where Angus sat hunched up against the back wall. He tore off his backpack and fished out his grandfather’s book.
“What are you doing? We don’t have time for reading.”
Angus ripped out a few blank pages of the book. “Who said anything about reading?” He shoved the paper into his mouth and chewed hard and fast. He pulled the wad from his mouth, tore it into several pieces, and covered them with the sleeping powder. He loaded them into the hair straws from the swamp. 
“Spit wads?” Vanora asked.
“Yep, ya gotta learn something in school.”
He quickly made a dozen more and loaded Vanora’s straw.
As Angus poked his head out, the giant made another swing. Angus ducked back and then stuck his head out again. He inhaled a huge breath—and blew. The spit wad flew from the reed-straw into the giant’s gaping snout. 
The giant wrinkled his nose, and let out a thunderous sneeze, but the spit wad remained stuck in one nostril. The giant staggered, and with every breath, grew weaker and weaker until he collapsed. The ground trembled with the force of an earthquake. Its cavernous body almost covered the hole where Angus and Vanora hid. 
The other two giants leaned over, frowning at their downed partner. One kicked at him. The other poked him with filthy fingers. When they couldn’t rouse him, they bent and grasped his thick legs and dragged him away. 
Angus breathed a sigh of relief. They would take their fallen comrade back to wherever they lived, mourn for a while, then be surprised when he woke up. Angus stepped from their hiding place.
“You sure it’s safe?” Vanora asked.
“I think so. Come on.”
They’d moved from the stone enclosure when Vanora stopped. 
“What’s wrong? Come on, we have to hurry before they figure out he’s only sleeping.”
“I-I think they already did.”
The giants had returned, their humungous bodies blocking out the daylight. Angus and Vanora scurried back to their hiding place, huddling together. 
One of the giants approached. He bent, tilting his head to gaze at them. “Go away,” Angus said. “Leave us alone. We weren’t bothering you.” When the creature merely tilted his head the other way, Angus added, “Look, if you back off, we’ll go away.” 
The giant crouched closer. Vanora seized the opportunity and launched a series of spit wads into its face. The first one missed and the second and third attempts hit him in the eye, cheek and hair. The giant stupidly picked the spit wads out of his hair and sniffed them. His eyes rolled back. He wobbled one way and then the other. 
“Brace yourself,” Vanora warned, “I think we’re about to get squished.” 
The creature landed with a crash, inches away, dead asleep. 
Vanora wiped her hands. “That was easy.”
The third giant had remained back, watching all that happened. He cracked an evil grin and then bent around his fallen friend. A fat, calloused finger appeared. It groped inside the hole. Angus pushed Vanora behind him as it poked and prodded, trying to squish them.
“We have to get out of here!” Angus yelled.
“How? We’ll never get past him.”
The giant got down on one knee and studied the inside of the hole with bloodshot blue eyes. He raised a fist and bashed it into the entrance, widening it enough to get his hand inside. They tried to scramble out of the creatures reach, but the giant snatched Vanora out by her leg. Angus jumped forward to catch her but the creature had already pulled her out. The giant stood, holding her upside down, with one hand shielding his ear from her bone-chilling screams. 
Angus crawled from the hole. He propped the shield on his back then raised the heavy sword. He gritted his teeth and brought the blade down on the creature’s toe. The giant let out a horrible cry and stomped at Angus with his other huge foot. Angus dodged the blow and scampered behind the giant
The creature pulled a long dagger from a sheath at his side and raised it into the air, prepared to stab Vanora. 
Angus climbed to the top of a pile of ruined crypts, getting closer to the goliath’s head. The shield screamed a high-pitched wail that almost matched Vanora’s. Angus held it out in front of him and raised the MacBain sword. 
The giant wrinkled his nose at the strange sounds and bent down to study the shield. 
“Help me, Angus!” shrieked Vanora.
“I’m trying to!” He held the shield higher.
The giant stopped swinging Vanora as he peered at the shield, dumbfounded. His eyes glazed over and he dropped her. She screeched in terror as she fell. Angus turned his eyes away. He couldn’t watch his friend—after all they’d been through—fall to her death.
The giant staggered. His eyelids thickened. His drooling mouth hung slack. He staggered again, lurching toward Angus who held the shield and sword higher. Not that they’d be much protection if he landed on them. Back and forth the giant swayed till finally he fell to his knees and flopped onto his face. 
The creature’s skin dried and crackled, looking like rivers etching toward the sea. As Angus watched, the flesh thickened and turned to stone. He ran around the downed giant, searching for Vanora. 
“Vanora!” Angus screamed.
No answer. Panic seized his chest, making it hard to breathe. Where was she? He knew she’d fallen in this direction. There! Wasn’t that her sneaker?
Yes. He hurried to her. She was smiling at him!
“Are you all right?”
“Fine. I landed on blubbo or whatever his name is.”
Vanora got to her feet. “The shield,” she said, eyeing the third downed leviathan. “It must have to work together with the sword in order to activate its magical power. When the giant spotted his reflection in it, he turned to stone.”
Angus sighed. “Wish I would have known that before.” 
A dark shadow had fallen over the graveyard. But it was much too early for nightfall. The shield sang again, this time a low ominous song. A deep chill seared into Angus’ bones and he froze. What was happening? Every plant and tree started to turn a smoke-stack gray. 
“Angus, what’s wrong?” Vanora asked.
“Quick. He’s coming. You need to hide, somewhere close by so that I can protect you.”
“What about you?”
“Just do what I tell you. Please!”
Vanora hesitated only a second more, then ran to hide behind a tall tombstone. 
Angus stood motionless and listened. An intense quiet filled the graveyard. 
Too quiet. 
Then he heard it. 
Something horribly close. 
Behind him, almost at his neck, the sound of hissing. Angus twisted around, sword and shield ready.
A gray fog undulated between the headstones like a serpent, floating closer. The mist stretched up and took the form of a very thin and tall body. A narrow head took shape on top of the slender form. A dark mouth opened. “A MacBain at last. So you think that you, a worthless child, can possess the power to defeat me? The great Dragomir?” 
“Yes,” Angus snarled. He braced his legs beneath him. “I’ll do that… and worse.”
He held up the singing shield; and the wicked knight floated back, sinister laughter spewing from the black hole in his face. 
“I smell sweet, delicious fear in your blood. In fact, I can almost taste it. But I will save that pleasure for later.”
Angus sneered. “It’s your own fear you smell. The fear of being hunted.” Angus paced forward. “And the knowledge that you are about to die.” 
Dragomir chuckled. “You—a mere child—are no threat to me. Tell me, where is that weak and imprudent conjurer that’s been helping you? Cowering in a safe place while a dim-witted boy sacrifices himself? How brave.” 
Angus held the sword before him. “You won’t think I’m so stupid when you’re trapped and rotting in your own grave.”
“Speaking of graves, aren’t you at least interested in what I did to your mother?” 
Dragomir’s words stabbed into Angus’ heart and the vampire’s lips pulled back in satisfaction. 
“Where is she?” Angus said, his voice cracking.
“Don’t you realize she could have easily brought you here, into her world? Yet she left you behind, to be raised by your decrepit grandfather?” The knight flicked invisible dust from his sleeve. “It’s pathetic, really… a mother who has no love for her child.”
Angus gripped the hilt of his sword until it bit into the palm of his hand.
“Funny how a seal could let her own husband drown, now isn’t it?” Dragomir said. “No matter, I’ll kill her for you. She’ll cry like a wee babe when I suck the very life out of her veins.”
Angus ran forward, raising his shield and sword before him. Dragomir smiled, letting him come. As Angus closed in, the earth gave way, dropping both of them into the belly of another dark crypt.
Dragomir floated to his feet, materializing into solid form. He was bloodless, tall and hairless except for a long white mustache that hung on his face like an iron bar. Robes of red swished around him. “Foolish boy, you cannot destroy me. I am immortal.” He stepped toward Angus. 
Angus scooted back, fighting the panic that welled up inside him. He’d lost his grip on his shield. It lay somewhere near his feet, hidden in the rubble. Could he reach it before Dragomir?
“Now I will destroy you, your pathetic little friend, and that freakish creature you call a mother,” Dragomir sneered. As he spoke, he inched toward the shield. Angus backed away, he would never let him get it. “It is you who will lie eternally in this grave,” Dragomir’s said, his eyes settled on the shield. “Not even your family trinkets can stop me.”
Angus concentrated hard, trying to communicate with Fane, but Dragomir’s evil blocked him. He glanced around at the shadowy tomb. He had to do something before the evil knight could turn to vapor again and escape. Fear chiseled into his bones as Dragomir’s icy mist drew near.
“Don’t listen to him, Angus! He’s lying.” Vanora yelled, leaning over the hole, staring down at him. He glanced up at her and the expression of terror in her eyes made his heart race even harder. He adjusted his grip on the sword and wondered again if he could get to the shield in time.
“Lying? Me?” Dragomir’s laughter echoed in the chamber. “Others fall, including your pathetic grandfather and every MacBain before him, yet I still stand, centuries old!”
A vision of grandfather’s face flashed before Angus. He reached out to touch his amulet. Dragomir was mistaken; his grandfather wasn’t gone, not completely. 
“I believe,” Angus said. “In the things I cannot see.” All at once, the power of the kings swirled around him, filling him with courage. He lunged forward, picked up his fallen shield and angled it toward the evil knight’s face. “Look at yourself,” he yelled as the shield’s green-glowing light glimmered off Dragomir’s black eyes. “How dare you talk about my grandfather. You’re a disgrace, hiding in the shadows with poison slithering around in your veins, while royal blood pulses in mine.” 
Dragomir yowled in fury, knocked the shield to the ground and ripped the sword from Angus’ hand. He stabbed it into the rock wall burying the blade to the hilt. Angus lunged for the weapon, but in a blink, Dragomir grabbed him from behind.
Angus screamed in a defiant, helpless rage, kicking and twisting, fighting against Dragomir’s suffocating grip. 
Dragomir's knife-like fingernails clawed down the side of his neck. "I do hope this royal blood you boast so much about doesn't taste fishy, like your mother's."
"She's not a fish you blood-sucking freak."
"Ohhh, such a tongue for a young king. I'm doing your kingdom a favor by killing you now, before they hear such unsavory language."
“Angus!" Vanora screamed.
Dragomir threw back his head and sunk his teeth deep into Angus’ neck. He felt the blood drain from his veins, his knees so weak he could hardly stand. Dragomir tossed him to the floor, laughing in his face as Angus’ life ebbed away. He wouldn’t die this way. Couldn’t die this way. He wouldn’t let the demon win. Angus crawled to a smashed coffin, ripped a board from the side. Dragmor reached for him and Angus wobbled to his feet, and drove it through Dragomir’s chest.
The vampire’s face contorted into a mask of rage and disbelief. He fell to his knees, clutching the wooden stake protruding from his torso. Angus cupped his hand to his neck to stop the pulsing throb and with the other, grabbed for the sword. Metal sang as Angus pulled the blade from the rock wall. He took one giant step, raised the broadsword high, and decapitated Dragomir with a wide slash. The snarling head rolled away into the dark and green vapors seeped from the exposed neck, trying to shape back into its vampire form. 
He had to act fast before Dragomir escaped in the haze. Angus grabbed the shield near his feet and touched the tip of the broadsword to it. A blinding light arced between them. Lava flowed from the weaponry. The vicious liquid swirled around Dragomir’s frame, increasing in heat and sealing everything in its path. Even the vampire’s evil vapors could not escape the unforgiving magma. 
Angus jumped onto the top of a broken coffin just as the molten rock reached his feet. 
Vanora tossed him a long vine. “Grab on!”
Angus sheathed his sword, slid the shield onto his arm and snatched the vine. Lava swelled beneath his shoes. Angus worked his way up the vine. Magma expanded and rose higher, like a giant burnt marshmallow. If he didn’t hurry, the molten liquid would disintegrate his bones.  
The bottoms of his feet burned from the heat. He scaled the vine as quick as he could, his muscles screaming in protest. Angus looked up. He was almost there!
Dragomir’s skeletal hand suddenly shot out of the lava. His boney fingers latched onto Angus’ ankle and jerked him downward. The vine snapped and Angus felt himself falling.
Vanora lunged forward and grabbed his forearm. The grip on his ankle loosened, then started to slip. Angus kicked with all his strength. Vanora snatched his wrist, leaned back and dragged him out. Angus scrambled to his feet and drew his sword. The blade glowed blood red.
Molten rock boiled to the top of the hole. Angus stabbed the blade into the center. When he pulled it out, the lava turned to stone, sealing in the ugly face of Dragomir, his yawning mouth forever gaped in fury.
Fane emerged through the forest with Oxton close behind. At the sight of Dragomir’s grave, Fane grabbed Angus and hugged him, then reached for Vanora. “You’ve done it! You have both saved us from a great evil and changed the fate of the worlds. I knew you could do it!”
“Thanks.” Angus said. He smiled at Vanora. “We make a good team.”
Vanora wrapped her arms around him and Angus’ chest swelled. “I’m just glad your okay!” She said. “I was so worried.” She touched the side of his neck. “Does it hurt?”
With Vanora’s arms still around him, Angus almost forgot he’d been bitten. He looked wide-eyed at Fane. “I got bit. Am I going to turn into a vampire?”
Fane shook his head. “You destroyed him Angus. He has no power over you now.”
“Thank goodness,” Vanora said, planting her hands on her hips. “I’m so glad this whole thing is over.” 
“I think we all are.” Fane sighed. “Now it is time for us to say our goodbyes, and for you and Angus to journey home.”
“But...what about my mother?” Angus said. “Where is she?” 
“I imagine she’s waiting for you, in the safe and sacred waters of Iona.”
A surge of excitement flashed through him. “Are you sure?”
Fane nodded. 
Angus’ eyes watered. He was happy, yet sad at the same time. “What about you? Will I see you again?”
“Yes, of course. A king needs an advisor, doesn’t he?”
Angus smiled wide and nodded. “Of course I do.” 
Oxton came forward. “Fairwell young friends. Safe travels.”
“Thank you.” Angus said.
Vanora turned away to wipe tears from her eyes. “Sorry, I hate goodbyes.” 
Fane smiled. “You still have one last photograph. I suggest you use it now.”
Angus reached into his pocket and pulled out the rumpled picture of the familiar meadow. Then he grabbed Vanora’s hand. Right before they stepped onto the photo, Fane winked at him. “Take good care of that sword.”
“I will,” Angus promised. Then as one, he and Vanora stepped onto the picture and disappeared.

20


Angus and Vanora landed with a gentle thump in the meadow on Iona where Cudweed had kept the sheep. 
“What was that wink all about?” Vanora asked.
“What wink?”
“Fane winked at you, right before we left.”
Angus shrugged. “I don’t know.”
He glanced downhill at his grandfather’s stone house, then out into the purple waves caressing the shoreline. Angus searched the choppy water, gazing over the swelling hills of the sea and back to the rocky shore. His chest tightened. The empty ocean stretched on for miles, with no sign of his mother. Then something flitted across the surface. Angus’ heart picked up a beat, but a closer look showed only a seagull. 
Vanora put her hand on Angus’ shoulder. “I’m sorry, Angus.”
Angus blinked hard in an effort to prevent the scalding tears at the back of his eyes from falling. “Fane said he was sure she’d be waiting. I believed him, Vanora. I trusted him. But…” Hurt and despair filled him and his anguish threatened to overcome his control. He bit his lip until he tasted blood.
“Don’t you dare lose faith, Angus,” Vanora said, staring hard into his eyes. “I know she’ll come. Why don’t you try calling her?”
Angus turned toward the water and took a deep breath. “Mom. It’s Angus. Where are you? I’m waiting for you.” 
Nothing. 
“It’s no good. My mother isn’t–”
“Angus.” Vanora grabbed his arm. “Look.”
In a stormy spot in the waves where undercurrents battled for dominance, a sleek head emerged. Not human, but seal. The creature rose from the churning waters, her brown eyes glistening. She drew herself onto the sandy shore and lay in a heap, not moving. Within moments, her flippers turned into lean arms and strong legs.
Angus held his breath, watching, waiting, hoping. Was it his mother? It had to be.
The creature stood. The sealskin slipped from the top of her head, down her shoulders and finally came to rest at her feet. She stepped out of it, stretched her slender body and carefully tucked the seal coat under her arm. A thin cornflower blue dress covered her toned body. Hair, black and thick as nautical rope, formed long ringlets to her delicate waist. 
Angus stared at her. A warm glow filled his heart with recognition. With love. 
“Go on,” Vanora said excitedly. “I’ll wait here.”
Angus started down the hillside. The closer he came to her, the clearer her features became. “Mom!” 
Her eyes lit up and she ran toward him, her long legs gliding across the shoreline. 
Angus ran faster. He tripped and fell onto his knees in the deep sand. His mother came to his side and helped him to his feet, pulling him tightly to her chest.
When she let him loose, he looked up into her face. Tears streaked down her porcelain cheeks. Tears of sorrow. Tears of joy. 
They matched the tears Angus at last let flow.
He buried his face in her long, dark hair and hugged her close to him, inhaling her salty scent.
“Angus, my son. I’ve missed you so much. Are you all right?”
Angus nodded. “I will be. When I know this isn’t a dream.”
She smiled and touched his hand. “It isn’t a dream. It’s real. We’re together again…at last.”
“I didn’t think I would ever find you. I thought—they told me—you were dead.”
She nodded. “For five horrible years, I’ve wandered the cold and lonely ocean with a broken heart. Fearing everyday for your safety. Wanting desperately to be with you and unable to be.” She cradled Angus’ face in her soft hands. “When I received word that you had defeated Dragomir, I knew we would be safe together again.” 
For a few heartbeats, Angus was almost too happy to speak. Then, after exhaling a long sigh of contentment, he said, “You have no idea how much I’ve missed you. How worried I was, and how many questions I have.” 
They held hands and walked to his grandfather’s house. She wrapped her arm around him and kissed the top of his head. “We’ll have plenty of time to catch up. I’ll go inside and put a kettle on, make you something warm to drink.” She nodded in Vanora’s direction. “I see your friend is waiting and I’m sure she’s eager to return home as well. I’ll be waiting in the house for you.”
Angus stood uncertain, reluctant to leave her side. 
“Go on. I won’t disappear again.”
Angus nodded and smiled. “I’ll be right back.” 
He jogged to Vanora. “Thanks for waiting.” 
Vanora’s eyes watered. “No problem Angus. Your mother is beautiful. I’m so happy for you both.” She gave Angus a tired smile. “I can’t wait to see my dad and tell him about our trip. I just hope he believes me.” 
“Yeah, it’s pretty hard to believe.” Angus laughed and stuck the tip of his sword into the earth. The handle snapped open on a silver hinge and an agate stone shaped like a cat’s eye popped out and rolled to the ground. 
“What is it?” Vanora asked.
Angus picked it up and snapped the handle back together again. “I don’t know.” He cradled the stone in his palm, watching it catch the waning daylight. Then he held it to his eye. Inside, a faint picture formed. “I think it’s some sort of looking glass.”
Angus stared into the agate and sucked in a breath.
“What do you see?”
“Something terrifying,” Angus said. His chin quivered. 
“What? Tell me.” 
He turned the looking glass slightly and grinned. “Sorry, false alarm! Thought it was killer seaweed attacking your head, but then I realized it was just your hair-do.”
Vanora rolled her eyes. “Very funny.” 
“You know, I figured something out during the past few days,” Angus said. “No one’s perfect. Yeah, I might be bigger than most kids, but some kids are short, or have ears that stick out, or have messy hair.” He tugged on one of Vanora’s frizzed-out locks. “But it’s okay.”
“You’re right, Angus,” Vanora said. “It’s about accepting who we are.”
“But, it’s also about accepting others. Not only did you become my friend, but you believed in me and you helped me. Thank you.”  
“You’re welcome,” Vanora said. “I knew you could do it.”
“Thanks.”
“I better get going,” Vanora said. “I’ll be by tomorrow and we can mess around with that eyeglass.” 
“All right, see you tomorrow.” 
Vanora hurried away. Angus put the glass to his eye; through it, he watched her hike down the path. The curvature of the stone bent her body in strange and awkward ways—like a funhouse mirror. 
The sun dipped behind the clouds and, in the dimness of the evening light, something else took form in the stone. A glowing light that flickered then disappeared. He looked again and whatever it had been was now gone. 
“Angus?” his mother called. 
“Coming, Mom.” 
He liked the way the word “mom” echoed down the meadow almost as much as he liked saying it. Angus faced the gentle winds and inhaled the salty air. He pulled the sword from the rich earth and thought of his grandfather. A proud smile tickled the corners of his mouth. Angus tucked the eyeglass into his tunic pocket and ran down the beaten path to home. 
Darting across the evening sky, a crow flew silently past.



I would like to thank everyone at Clean Teen Publishing for making Angus Macbain come alive in print. I would also like to thank my cover artist, Lisa Amowitz and my editors Cindy Davis, Emily White and Mariah McGarvey.  I would also like to acknowledge my publicists David Henderson, Patricia Margaret Henderson, Alicia Henderson and marketing director Marlo Clark.
Everyone in my local critique group and at Operation Awesome.
A very special thank you to my boss, Dale L. McGarvey, who taught me that the law is the will of the people.
In memory of my ancestors from ancient Hibernia and Caledonia~~thank you for the gift of storytelling.




Angela Townsend was born in the beautiful Rocky Mountains of Missoula, Montana. As a child, Angela grew up listening to stories told by her grandparents, ancient tales and legends of faraway places. Influenced by her Irish and Scottish heritage, Angela became an avid research historian, specializing in Celtic mythology. Her gift for storytelling finally led her to a full time career in historical research and writing. A writer in local community circulations, Angela is also a published genealogical and historical resource writer who has taught numerous research seminars. Currently, Angela divides her time between writing, playing Celtic music on her fiddle, and Irish dancing. 
Angela’s first novel, Amarok, was published through Spencer Hill Press in 2012. Her newest novel, Angus MacBain and The Island of Sleeping Kings, was signed for publication with Clean Teen Publishing in 2013. 
Angela resides on a ranch, in rural Northwestern Montana, with her two children Levi and Grant.







Visit
www.CleanTeenPublishing.com
for all the latest news!




“People of the Field, of the Cave, of the Forest, and of the Mountain, and all the places and habitats in between, our race is able to gather here tonight because in time past we found that we were not the warden of the Earth, but the Earth was our warden, our sustainer, our parent...”
Mankind has survived the near-collapse of life as they knew it, now living in harmony with the world around them.  Adain, a young Tenderfoot of this Future Earth, is about to take part in his Heart Chase – the search for a companion animal spirit that will act as his companion and conscience for the rest of his life. Success in the Heart Chase and surviving the subsequent Trials over the year ensures his place amongst the People as an adult, but failure means his certain death...
...and his whole future lies on the Heart of a mouse.
Heartkeeper is the first book in the “Heartkeeper Saga”, an epic adventure of friendship, challenges, and danger as humans struggle to regain their foothold in a new world that is no longer theirs to control. Can they survive in balance with the Earth, or will the Earth decide they no longer belong?


Sydney Harter has long awaited September 12th, 2033—her eighteenth birthday. She can finally apply for guardianship of her sister, who is her only family and entire world. She hopes they will be lawfully reunited, but is prepared to defy authority and risk everything to escape the captivity of Miles County so that they can be together.
Escaping will be difficult and dangerous. Citizens are bound to their county by sophisticated chip implants that deliver shocks to those who dare to cross the electric barrier. Sydney is very clever, but her trickery is limited against the all-seeing eyes of technology. Even if they were to survive the escape, disappearing into the forgotten forests and towns of the past seems an impossible task.
What Sydney doesn't know is that she is the particular interest of two opposing forces. With deceit, fear, and warfare surrounding her—can she trust the party that aims to help with her fight against the other? Can she open her heart to receive and return unexpected love? When her sister’s life becomes jeopardized, Sydney will have to weigh a new love against the only enduring love she has known. The cost could be deadly…
How will she choose?
