No Turning Back
Full Circle #1
By Casey Peeler
Copyright  2013 Casey Peeler
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This book is a written act of fiction.  Any places, characters, or similarities are purely coincidence.  If certain places or characters are referenced it is for entertainment purposes only.  Any resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations or persons,living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.  The author recognizes all copyright and trademarks that are mentioned within this work of fiction.

Acknowledgements:
It’s hard to believe that I started this journey as a blogger less than a year ago with one comment by my friend, Rebecca Johnson.  I never knew that my journey at Hardcover Therapy would grow like wildfire.  After thinking for some time that I would like to write, Rebecca made a comment that I should write a book.  Little did she know that I had this outline of a series in my head.  With that comment, No Turning Back came to life.  Rebecca, I have you to thank for this awesome journey!
Special thanks to:
Amanda Bennett has been an inspiration and has given the best advice about how to self-publish.  There are not enough words to express my gratitude.  She is an amazing author, and I’m glad to call her my friend.  If you haven’t read any of her novels, you are totally missing out!  1-click now!
Chelly Peeler, you’ve had my back from day one.  You have helped keep up with reviews at Hardcover Therapy while I finished writing, read NTB, read it again, edited, and given advice.   We aren’t just family; you truly are one of my best friends, and I couldn’t have done this without you.
My betas, Paige, Pam, and Kristina, thank you so much for your thoughts and feelings that have brought this book to life.  I owe y’all!  
Paige, you have read, edited, read, edited, read, and edited!  I couldn’t have done this without you!  
Cortlan Allen, my cover model
Brian Harris at Firelight Photography for the cover photos
My sister, Pam Baldwin, at Paperclutch for the design.  You have been there at any given moment I needed.  This cover was an adventure for both of us, and it is fabulous!  Love you!
My family, friends, authors, and bloggers, thanks for your thoughts, posts, shares, tweets, and likes!  
Lastly, I want to thank my husband, Billy, and daughter, Carlee, for being there on this adventure.  I know it hasn’t been easy, but you have stuck by my dream.  Thanks for bringing me back to reality when I needed it and reminding me what is important. I love you both with my whole heart! 

Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter 1: Graduation Day June 2013
Chapter 2: Moving Day
Chapter 3: Soccer Party
Chapter 4: The 1st Day of Class
Chapter 5: Hooters
Chapter 6: Hank’s Tavern
Chapter 7: 18th Birthday
Chapter 8: Dixon-West Game
Chapter 9: Homecoming
Chapter 10: The Project
Chapter 11: Fall Break
Chapter 12: Let the Meets Begin
Chapter 13: Study Day
About the Author

Prologue
July 20, 2012
My body feels like it is about to turn to complete mush as I place my wet swimsuit into my locker after practice.  I brush my hair and grab my bag as I head home.
"Oh shit, Dylan!  You scared the hell outta me!" I yell, walking out of the locker room at the Grassy Pond Aquatic Center (GPAC).  Dylan grabs my arms and pulls me into the closest corner and kisses me with lust, force, and desire.  He has the perfect body, perfect hands, perfect mouth, just damn near perfect minus the control he has on me.  He’s like a bad habit I can’t break, my own form of crack.  Once I got one taste of him, I had to have more.  I’m freakin’ strung out on Dylan Sloan.  The only problem is my parents don’t like him, but they know the more they push, the closer I drive straight into his arms.  It takes every ounce of strength I have to keep his smoldering lips off mine.
"Stop. If Coach sees us, then we'll have to work double time tomorrow."
"Seriously, Charley, ya gotta loosen up."
"I’m not kidding, Dylan. I got a lot riding on this sport, and you do, too!"
"All right, just one more kiss."  I kiss him slowly and gently, but it leaves me craving more.
"There's a party tonight at Trent’s on the West Side.  You’re going with me.  I'll pick ya up around seven."
"You know my parents aren't going to let me stay out late.  Maybe I can see what Piper’s up to; maybe she can cover for me?"  I say with a wink.
"I like the way your brain works.”  He slaps me playfully on the ass as we walk to our cars.
"Just text me the plan.  I can't wait to see you tonight."  He kisses me one more time before I get into my Honda and text Piper before heading home.
Me: U got plans 2nite?
Piper: Heard there’s a party on West Side.  
Me: Dylan wants me to go with him & I need 
cover
Piper:  U got it, might see u there Justin txt me 
earlier
Me: Ur the best, I'll fill you in on the night 
Tomorrow:)
I turn on the dirt road that leads to our farm.  Knowing I’m about to lie to my parents, I put on my game face as I approach our old farmhouse.  I notice my mom and dad are loading up the Chevy 2500HD and cow trailer.  That’s weird.  I cut off the car, grab my swim bag and walk toward the truck.
“What y’all doing?”  I ask my mom.
“Your dad just got a call that the cows need to be at the sale in Athens by 6 a.m. tomorrow.”
“Are you serious?  That’s like what five hours away or somethin’.”
“Charley, I know it seems crazy for us to go that far on such short notice, but they are paying big down there.  Tessa is working and going to Kim’s for the night.  I figured you could stay here and keep an eye on the farm.  We should be back late tomorrow.”
“Yeah, I can do that.  Y’all need me to help ya finish loading up?” Seriously, how did I manage not to have to lie about my plans tonight?
“Nah, we’re good.  Just make sure you go check on the goats near Cash’s.  Joker keeps jumping the fence,” Dad says.
“All right, love y’all and be careful.”  I give Mama and Dad a hug, go into the house and squeal like a giddy schoolgirl while doing a happy dance.  Never in a million years would they let me stay out late at a party with Dylan if they were home, and they sure wouldn’t leave me alone if they knew that was the plan for tonight.
Me: Parents gone tonight no need for cover, 
see ya at 7
Dylan: Ur j/k right?
Me: Nope :)
Dylan: Plans just might have to change… 
Me: Ur not getting lucky 
Dylan:  :(
Me: U know I’m not that way
Dylan: Maybe I can change ur mind… see you 
at 7
Me: XOXO
I go into the house, grab a Choice Cherry Gold, pop the top and look for a bite to eat.  I’m starved!  I scan the fridge and notice that Mama has left a chicken pie for us to eat.  I fix my plate and scarf it down.  All I know is if Coach keeps up these two-a-day practices, I don’t know if I’ll be standing at the end of the summer.  Oh crap. I gotta text Piper.
Me: No rents tonight, no cover, thanks girlie :) 
Piper: Really?? 
Me: Yup! D thinks he’s getting lucky tonight lol
Piper: LMAO!  He should know better. Call me 
later
I look at the clock, and it’s almost 5:30.  I better get a move on.  I’ve gotta get all this chlorine outta my hair.  I turn on the radio to my favorite country station, crank up the volume, and make my way to the bathroom to get ready.  I use my most favorite scent in the world, Aruba Coconut.  I decide that I need to look beyond hot tonight for Dylan.  I know exactly what I’m wearing—Miss Me Jeans, a hot pink tube top and a black bow stretch belt.  Heck, I decide to ditch my boots tonight for black wedges.  
As I get ready, I look into the mirror.  If I’m going to look hot for Dylan tonight, I have to do something a little different.  I add my eyeliner a little darker to my light blue eyes, apply just enough shadow, blush, and bronzer to my porcelain skin, and finish my look with berry-colored lipstick.  If I’m the girl on his arm, then I need it to look like we’re a match made in heaven.  With that thought, I decide to roll my hair to give it extra body and a totally sexy look.
As I wait for the curler to cool, I can’t help but think about the first time Dylan asked me out.  It was right after the state swim meet.  We both placed first in our events. Our relays were in the top two, and Dixon High was State Champions.  We were screaming with excitement.  The next thing I knew Dylan was hugging me and looking at me with those eyes.  I knew he was bad news. He was a love ‘em and leave ‘em kinda guy, but I didn’t care.  He chose me, and I chose him.  And for some reason, he had never pushed the sex issue.  I just didn’t do that kinda thing, and I was upfront about that from the beginning.  He was everything I liked in a guy— tall, short dark chocolate brown hair, a hot body that doesn’t leave much to the imagination in a Speedo, washboard stomach, tattoos, and as competitive as me.  His only downfall is his possessiveness of me.
I’m ready by 6:45 and decide to watch a little CMT.  I hear the exhaust of his Black 2011 Mustang coming down the drive.  Why am I so nervous tonight?  I leave on the porch light and head to the car.  As I get in, Dylan looks at me.
“What?!” I say with a smile because I know exactly why he is looking at me with those eyes.
“Damn, Charley, are you trying to kill me?”
“I just wanna look good for ya.”  I give him a soft, sweet kiss and then we head down the dirt road on the way to the party.
We make our way to town and arrive at Trent’s on the West Side.  Dylan hops out and grabs his cooler from the trunk.  I check my makeup in the visor mirror and get out as well.  Dylan grabs my hand and gives me a look like he’s up to something.
“D, what are you up to?”  I say with my hands on my hips.
“Nothing, I just want us to have a good time tonight.”
“You know we will,” I say with a smile.  Dylan walks beside me, and I lace my fingers into his as we walk into Trent’s.
Since I’ve been with Dylan, I’ve experienced a lot of drinking and partying, as well as first, second, and third base.  He wants a homerun, but I’m just not ready for that.  I want to make sure the person is the one.  I want my own fairytale, and before I take a relationship to that level, I want to know it’s forever.
The first thing I notice when we enter the house is there is more than the usual crowd here.  I see a ton of people that are older than me, but it is summer and most people haven’t gone back to college at this point.  Dylan takes me into the kitchen and places our cooler in the corner.  I grab a Fatty Natty and take a swig.  Yuck!  Dylan keeps me close to him as we head over to talk to Trent.  I don’t necessarily enjoy these parties, hence the beer, but Dylan is expected to be here.  He is Mr. Popular at Dixon High, and like a magnet, all the girls and teachers fall at his feet.  It amazes me how a guy can just walk into the room and have all the girls swarm to him.   What makes me smile is that fact that I know I’m the one he loves and treasures.
I feel happy inside knowing I have the hottest guy at school who likes me for me.  We share the same dream, and if all goes as planned, that dream will come true.  We hope to go Division I in swimming after we graduate in May.  For me, the drawback to our dream is Dylan’s possessiveness.  He likes me to be at his beck and call. He doesn’t want me to hang out with Cash or my other friends like I used to.  
This party is a lot more tolerable than the others I have had the chance to attend.  The music is a great variety, not too loud, people aren’t too drunk, and I’ve had a few beers, which makes everything better.  All night Dylan is on me like white on rice.  He can’t keep his hands off me.  They are in my hair, tracing up and down my arms, neck, waist, and legs. Inside, my body is playing tug-of-war with what I know is right.  I decide to give in a little, and we find our own private area on the back porch.  Dylan takes a seat in the rocking chair, and I straddle him.  I kiss him on his forehead and make my way down to his lips and neck.  We mess around and just have fun.  Knowing I don’t have parents at home lets me cut loose, but I’m still in control.  Around am., it dawns on me. Joker. That damn goat!
“Dylan, you gotta get me home.  I forgot to check on Joker.”
He rolls his eyes.  “Seriously, Charley!  We can’t leave now.  The party is just getting started.”  
“If it was any other night, I would have had to be home already.”
“All right, let me get the cooler and tell Trent we’re out.” Dylan understands how much responsibility I have on the farm, so he knows he won’t win this battle.
“I’m gonna run to the bathroom. Hold my beer.  I’ll be right back.”
I hurry back to Dylan, pound my beer and head out the door.  About halfway home, I start to feel like I’m not in my own body.  I know the car is moving, but it’s like a total out-of-body experience.  I begin to feel like I’m going to puke, but I know I haven’t drunk enough to be that drunk.
“Dylan, I don’t feel so good.”
“You want me to stop and get you something to eat?”
“Yeah, that might help.”
I try to eat my burger, but for some reason, I can’t seem to find my mouth.  Before I know it, we are pulling onto my dirt road and approaching my house.  Dylan looks at me with a strange expression that makes my insides quiver.  He takes the burger from me and discards it in the bag.  His eyes now look raw and hungry.  What is wrong with him?   I try to open the door, but I can’t seem to find the handle.  Dylan walks around the car to open my door for me.  When he realizes I’m not able to move, he carries me from the car, unlocks the door and takes me upstairs to my bed.
He removes my wedges and helps me lie down on the bed.  I’m so glad that he’s taking care of me.  My eyes are extremely heavy.  I try to keep them open, but struggle.  Before I can put everything together, Dylan is on top of me, kissing me hard. Too hard. He continues to kiss me like I’m property as he takes off my jeans.  I try to push his body off mine, but I can’t.  What the hell is he trying to pull?  Everything is starting to get fuzzy, but I manage to say the most important words I can to make him stop.
“Dylan, what the fuck are you doin’?  Stop! I said STOP!”  I continue to try to push him off me, but it’s no use.  He continues to take full control of me.  
“Shhhhhh.  Please don’t make this harder than it has to be.  I’ve been patient, but I’m tired of it.  We can do this one of two ways, willing or unwilling,” he snarls.
“I said get the fuck off me!” I scream while I dig my nails into his arm.
“That’s not going to help,” he says with a devilish smile.
In my heart I know I don’t stand a chance.  He’s strong and overpowering.  I cry and scream, but it is no use.  There is no one at home and there are acres upon acres separating my farm from another person.  He is in full control.  Once he finishes, he kisses me gently and leaves.  I want to throw up; instead, I curl into a ball as the tears begin to fall.  I’m home alone, and a night I thought was going to be special, has turned into the biggest nightmare of my life.  I decide that I have to be strong.  I force myself to stop crying. I really need a shower, and I still have to check on the damn goat. I try to move, but I can’t.  What am I going to do?  What the hell did he do to me at that party?  I notice my phone is on my nightstand.  If I can grab it, I can text Cash.  
Me: $ wiiill u ck on Jker? (Will you check on
Joker?)
Cash: R u drunk?
Me: no, pplease (No, please)
Cash:  U sure ur ok?
Me: Yup
Cash: k
I try to force myself up, but I can’t. It’s like I’m dead weight.  My body feels dirty, violated, and I have to wash him off me.  As I’m trying to figure out how to move, I hear the front door close.  Oh God, no. Please don’t let it be Dylan.  I start praying to God. 
Lord, PLEASE protect me. Keep me safe and forgive him.  Amen
“Charley!” Then there is a pause. “Char!”  I hear Cash calling.  Oh shit, he’s going to have a come apart!  What am I going to do?  I look around the room to grab my clothes, but it’s no use.
I can hear him coming up the stairs. He knocks on my door as he walks in. That is a habit for us, along with no secrets.
“Char, Joker’s fine. Whoa! What the fuck happened here?” His eyes roam the scene in front of him, taking in my ruffled bedspread and the position I’m lying in.
I swallow hard trying to get the words to come out, but it’s not working. Single tears begin to stream down my face.
“I want the whole truth, and if that asshole did this, I’m going to make him pay,” Cash growls. He is full of both rage and concern at the same time.
He stands there with his eyes wide open, and I can tell he is ready to go ape shit on someone. Someone named Dylan.
“Cash, please.  I don’t know what happened.  I was fine one minute and the next I was past drunk.”
“Did he hurt you?” he asks as he approaches my bed.
All I can do is shake my head yes as the tears begin to fall faster.  He sits on my bed and pulls me into his side.  I know that Cash is ready to leave me and kill Dylan.  I have to do something.
“Please, Cash, don’t do anything.  I’m begging you.  I told him no, but he didn’t care.  I just need you to help me, Cash!  I can’t move, and I have got to get what’s left of him off me.  You have to help me!”
I can see the struggle in Cash’s eyes.  “You know I want to walk down those stairs, out of the house, find him and rip his balls off?  You better be glad I love you so much.”  
Cash carries me to the bathroom and sits me on the toilet while he turns on the water and cleans me from head to toe.  You would think that I wouldn’t be able to have another guy touch me, but it’s different with Cash.  He knows me, and I have trusted him since I was four years old.  
When I’m clean, he helps me out of the tub and wraps me in a towel. He dresses me in my favorite pajamas, brushes my hair and carries me to my room.  As he places me on the vanity chair, tears begin to fall again.
“I can’t sleep here, Cash. Not after that.  Please, take me to the club.”  
The club was our place.  When we were five, our dads built us a clubhouse.  It was made of wood and tin.  It had a window overlooking the pond we fished.  We practically lived there.  As we got older, we made it more of a hangout with all the modern technologies, a futon, fridge, and electricity.  Now, we use it to escape the cards we are dealt in life. 
“You got it.”  
He scoops me into his perfectly chiseled arms built from working endless days on the farm and places me in the cab of his truck.  He drives to the back of the field.  Cash carries me up the ladder, turns on the lantern, lays me on the couch and wraps me in his arms.  I feel safe and loved as my world is falling down around me.
From that day forward I kept everyone but Cash at bay.  I put up a front like the Great Wall of China by continuing to hang out with my friends and acting normal, but I wasn’t. Inside I was crumbling into pieces.  I never spoke to Dylan again.  In fact, I distanced myself the only way possible.  I quit the team, buried my secret and held on to Cash like he was my lifeline.
****************
Christmas Break 2012
“Seriously, Char!  I just don’t know what to do with you anymore.  Can’t you just get over that douche bag?”
“Cash, I’m sorry.  I’ve tried.  He hurt me, yes, but I just don’t know how to move on from everything that happened.”
“Hurt you is an understatement!  He took total advantage of you and left you there alone. If you hadn’t sent me to check on that damn goat, who knows what would have happened to you?”
We sit in complete silence for what feels like days.  Finally, I decide to speak as my eyes begin to fill with tears.
“Cash, you have been my best friend since we could walk.  You know everything about me.  I love you more than life itself, but I know that I can’t love you the way you need to be loved.  I have too much baggage.”
“Char, we’ve been friends.  Hell, we’ve been more than friends since all that shit went down. I’ve loved you my entire life, and now you want to tell me that you think he deserves you again?  That’s complete bullshit, and you know it!”
“I’m not saying that he deserves me. I’m saying no one deserves me.  I’m damaged. Leftovers.  It’s not fair to you or anyone else.  Who wants what someone has already had and destroyed?”  I am totally full of shit.  I have more love in my heart for Cash than I ever thought was possible, but I can’t keep pulling him down with me.  I have to let him go. It’s only fair.
Cash props his fishing rod against the wall and moves closer to me.  He places his hand on my shoulder and turns me to face him.  “Char, I do.  You make me whole.  From the first time I looked at you, I knew you were special.  You have the most giving and caring heart I have ever seen.  You take life by the horns and go with it.  You aren’t afraid to make a mistake, but yet this is something I can’t let you do.  You are what makes my heart beat.  I love you.  No matter what you say, I will always love you, and I won’t let you go.  I will fight for you. Now, tomorrow, and forever. Whether you like it or not, you are my Char-coal and I’m your Cash Money.  We’re destined for each other; I just know it!”
I pull myself from Cash’s gaze and hands.
“Please, Cash. Don’t do this. I’m through.  I need to finish this school year on my own.  I’ve got to figure out who I am without a guy in my life.  Even if that means letting go of the one person that understands me completely.  I have to do this by myself.  Please tell me you understand.”
I wait for Cash to answer as the wind blows through the trees.  It reminds me of a thief in the night.  Just like Dylan stole the most precious gift I ever owned.  I’m pulled from my thoughts when Cash finally speaks.
“I’m sorry, but I don’t.” 
Without wasting another second, I reel in my fishing rod from the window. (Yes, it’s December; we won’t catch any fish, but it’s what we do.)  I hang my rod in the corner, climb down the ladder and take off on my hot pink four-wheeler before he can respond.  He knows I like my distance. He knows not to push me, and he doesn’t.  He doesn’t speak or look at me.  The only time I see Cash is from a distance on their family farm or when my dad needs his help with something.  Other than that, he acts like I’m invisible, which is exactly what I want, but not what I need.

Chapter 1: Graduation Day- June 2013
I can't believe that high school is over.  Who knew that time would go by so quickly, and now I'm standing here acting like a little baby!  “Charley, you better pull yourself together,” I say as I look into the mirror.  It's time to do the damn thing and graduate!
I take one final look at myself in the mirror.  My hair is blonde and freshly rolled with hot rollers.  I have the kind of hair that girls dream of!  You know, the kind that you put rollers in and it stays for days without a gallon of product.  I have on a Forever 21 black A-line sleeveless floral lace dress that shows just enough leg, the pearl earrings and necklace set my dad gave me, and a pair of Nine West stiletto heels that I got at my favorite store of all time, The Jesus Store.  I paid fifteen dollars for them, and they are like brand spankin' new!  They aren’t my typical Ariats, but I know they won’t fly today.
I grab my cap and gown and can hear all my family downstairs; they are so excited.  If you asked me a month ago how I felt about graduating from high school, I would have said, “I can't wait!”  It's not like Lenior Rhyne College isn't five miles from my house, so what's going to change?  I guess I better snap out of it and head to graduation.  
I walk downstairs in the old white farmhouse that I've grown up in my entire life.  What started off small has now turned into a pretty big place.  It was transformed from a two bedroom, one bath house to five bedrooms, three baths, sunroom, man cave and pool.  I guess it pays to have a dad who can do anything.  I go downstairs to see my sis, Tessa, waiting for me.  
"Charley, why is it that you never have to work hard on your looks?"
"Whatever, you know you're the one that got all those in this family."  She gives me a hug and says she'll see me at school in a little while.  
As I walk down the hallway, I notice my baby pictures. I sure do hope I make my parents proud.   I walk into the kitchen and tell Mama, Dad, and my cousin Joanna that I'll see them there, and out the screen door I go.  Joanna informs me she has too much cooking to do, so she will just stay at home.
Once I get into my 2009 Red Honda Accord, I put on my ten dollar shades and turn up the radio to 96.9 The Kat.  Thanking the good man upstairs that a little Florida Georgia Line “Cruise” is on!  YES! I crank it up with the windows down and sunroof open.
Today is a perfect day to graduate.  The sky is the perfect color, Carolina blue. There's not one cloud in sight, and I'm about to start a new journey.  The next thing I know, I'm pulling into Dixon High School.  I see my girls already starting to arrive and hanging by the tree on the front lawn.  I don't know how I would have made it through the past year and a half without them.  They know all my secrets and were there when I needed them most.  
I park the car, get out, and head toward the tree.  Deep breaths. In, out, in, out. You can do this!
"Hey, Piper, you ready to get this over with?"  Truthfully, I'm scared to death and could cry at any moment.  I scan the crowd to see if Dylan is anywhere around, and he’s not. Thank goodness.
"Yeah, I guess. I'm just ready to get on that flight to Cancun!" she says.
"Yeah, me too!  I don't know about you, but I'm just ready to get out of this hole in the wall town before I go crazy!" 
Next thing I know, all our families have arrived and my mom is taking pictures like a mad woman.  I just keep thinking to myself.  Are you SURE you don't want to go to school somewhere else? When I look to my right, I can see Mrs. Clark motioning us to move that way.  It's time to get this party started!  Piper, Annie, Carrie, Morgan, and I make our way to line up by homeroom.  Guess I know who I'll be with. The same people I have since ninth grade. One more time, and this is over! 
While we wait, I stand watching my friends laugh and look like they are just fine and dandy.  I wonder if any of them are falling apart inside like I am.  I know I've made bad decisions in the past, but I'm praying that my college choice is right and staying close to home is a good thing.  I have my parents, my sister, and my friend Cash here in town too, even though I’m not sure if he will even talk to me at this point. When I think about it, I am just a country girl who never wants to leave her little hick town.
As I'm deep in thought, I notice the line starting to move.  Here goes nothing, I think to myself and smile over to my left at Piper.  She's been my best friend since sixth grade.  I've covered for her ass a lot, and she's always done the same for me.  I really don't know what I'm going to do with her going to school five freakin' hours away!
Walking into the auditorium, I hear “Pomp and Circumstance.”It's now or never!  Time to put on my big girl panties and act like the Southern Belle I was brought up to be.
Heading down the aisle, I can see my mama, dad, sister, and grandparents.  They are all so happy.  I smile at them and say a prayer that I don't break down crying.  I make my way up the steps. One, two, three, four. Whew, I didn't fall.  I make my way to my seat and pray that this is over quickly.
My school is extremely strict when it comes to gradation.  No hooting and hollering or the 5-0 will escort you out. No throwing your cap and always show your manners because this is an honored ceremony.  Well, let’s see if all that happens today.
Speeches are made, songs are sung, and diplomas are handed out.  So far all the rules are being followed.  That is until our graduating class begins to holler at the top of our lungs for a fellow classmate that we swore would NEVER graduate.  I think he might turn “Dirty Thirty” this year!  Just kidding!  What are they going to do?  Escort the entire class out?  I don't think so!
Everyone’s name has been called, and it's time to turn that tassel.  I hear the Student Body President say, "I now present to you the Class of 2013."  Tassels are turned and caps are flying!  Yup, that's how we roll.  Just enough not to be in too much trouble but make our statement!
When the processional begins to play, we start to march out.  There are those damn steps again. One, two, three, four. I'm down and out the door I go.  I'm cheesing from ear to ear.  I made it!
Outside, I meet my friends by the tree again.  We are all so happy, but the next thing I know, Piper and I are squalling!  When I finally pull myself together, I see my mama.  Here come the water works again.  She gives me a hug, and I say something I never thought I would.  "Mama, I don't want to grow up!"
She says, "I know, Charley, but we all have to some time."
With that off my chest, I feel a little relieved.  I know that things will work out, and I've made the right choice.  I get myself together, talk with my friends, and make a few more photographs for memories’ sake.  I head back to the Honda, crank up the radio and head to my house for the "Woohoo Charley's Graduated Party"
I roll up to the house, and my cousin Joanna is there slaving in the kitchen.  I can't wait for the chocolate cake.  In fact, anyone who touches it might lose a hand is exactly what I'm thinking.  I open the screen door and walk inside and upstairs to where the afternoon started.  I put on something more comfortable.  It's going to be a long night, so I gotta look cute and be comfortable.  I take a look in my closet and decide on a pair of cut-off jean shorts and a yellow halter top.  Again, I'm one of those blondes who can wear yellow. I guess that's another reason to hate me.  I take off the pearls my dad gave me and exchange them for silver hoops the size of Texas, add my favorite necklace, cigar band ring monogrammed with the letter "C," and silver bangle bracelets.  I grab my black flip flops with silver sparkles on top and head back downstairs.
When I get downstairs, my family is back at the house, and everyone is giving me too much attention.  I take it though, because I know it makes everyone happy.
Piper, Annie, Carrie, and Morgan all show up.  We eat, laugh, and talk about all the great times we've had.  Joanna has out done herself; this food is off the heeze!  The chocolate cake is to die for, and I'm glad she loved me enough to make two. One for me and one for the actual party.
After about an hour, Carrie and Morgan decide to head home.  Piper and I look at each other knowing it's about that time.  It’s time to have one more night of fun before we all go our separate ways.
"Piper, have you heard of anything going on tonight?"
"Yeah, there's a party at the triplets’ house tonight."
"Well, I guess we can't miss that!"  The triplets, Justin, Jordan, and Jack, were well-known for their parties.  All the triplets were great guys, loved to have a good time, and were originally from New York.  They had seen the big city; something we knew nothing about. I’m okay with that, but Piper, on the other hand, dreams of the big city.
Piper and I talk about who's driving and where we’re meeting.  My parents were sticklers for curfew, so it’s a given that we are staying at Piper's for the night.  I also know that I am driving because even though I love to have a good time, I do not drink.   One thing I just can't tolerate is a drunk. On the other hand, take me to a party and I’ll dance my ass off!
Piper takes one piece of cake for the road and heads to her house across town.  Piper and I were both transplants at our high school.  We lived in the country, but our parents felt that we had a better opportunity for a better education at the "city" school.  I told her I'd see her in thirty and she better be ready.  I really didn't want to climb in and out of her window tonight.  Well, maybe just “in” the window tonight.
I go upstairs, pack my bag with pj's, toothbrush, and a few other essentials, and out I go.  I stop downstairs to tell Joanna thanks and give her, Mama, Dad, and Tessa hugs on the way out.
As I head out the door, Tessa and Blue, the bloodhound, follow me.  "Call me if you need me, no matter what, okay?"
 "I will, but you know you have nothing to worry about.  Love ya and I'll see ya in the morning.”
I get into the Honda, open the sunroof, plug in my iPod for a little JT “Suit & Tie,” and head to Piper's.  I have to drive all the way through town to get there.  This is always a hard ride for me.  There are so many good and bad memories here.  Do I really want to stay in this town?  Maybe this isn't the right choice.
Before I know it, I make a left turn onto Broadway Road and drive up the long driveway.  Piper's ready and heads out the door, waving bye to her mom, Tina.  I can see her little sister, Summer, in her bedroom window.  She knows the deal.  When we knock, she unlocks the window. 
We head back down the drive, turn up JT, and drive toward Dixon Country Club.  It's not somewhere we go a lot.  We've never really fit in with that crowd, but everyone's welcome at the triplets’ house. 
We arrive, and we can already tell that the party has started.
“So, Piper, what are you scheming tonight?”
“Oh, ya know, the usual.  Drink a little drink and kiss a lotta boys!” she says laughingly.
I might have the perfect hair, good skin, and nice legs, but Piper always gets the guy.  Maybe that will change in college. That is, if I made the right choice.
The night goes on as planned.  We listen to loud music, watch people get plastered, high, and act like fools.  Piper started talking to Justin (the hot one of the triplets) and I knew where this was going.  He's had the hots for her forever, and Piper just loves to play the game.  Now that she's got him, she doesn't want him.  She just pulls him on a string at her beck and call.
Damn, why didn't I have that luck?  I, on the other hand, never get the guy that I truly like. I always get the one that I know my dad isn't going to like. The guy who lives on the wrong side of the tracks, Tarheels fan, tattooed out, and doesn’t have a plan for life. That's the kind of guy I choose, or rather, the one that chooses me.
Around 2:30 a.m., people start to head out. I look at Piper, and she knows it's time to bounce.  She tells Justin bye, gives him a quick kiss, and out the door she goes.  I wish I had one ounce of her confidence.
Driving down the road, we decide to pull into the Pantry and grab a Choice Cherry Gold and Fun Dip, our two favorite things.  We laugh when we notice two guys staring at us when we get ready to leave.  We get into the Honda and head to her house.
When we hit her driveway, we turn off the headlights and creep all the way up.  Her mom doesn't mind her being out late; we just never want her to know how late we actually get home.  We knock on Summer's window and in we go.
Once we’re in the window, we go to Piper's room and get ready for bed.  We turn on Miranda Lambert Radio on Pandora and sing as loud as we can.  Good thing Scott and Tina's room is on the other side of the house.  We get ready for bed, and that's when the conversation starts.
"Charley, you do know that you can leave this place?" Piper whispers.
"Yeah, I know.  It's just that I thought LRC was what I’m supposed to do.  Both my parents went there.  I was dating Cash, but that's over.  I just don't know what to do.  My parents will kill me if I want to change."
Cash was my knight that showed up in Carhartts and a white F250, even though I’ve known him my entire life.  He's the only reason I've survived the past year, but I pushed him away as usual. Like I’ve said before, I love to choose the bad ones.  Now, he doesn't want to talk to me, even though I’m the one who made that final decision. Maybe that will change.  He was there in my darkest hour, knows exactly the person I am, and who I will always be.
"You know they just want you to be happy.  They would understand.  And you know Cash still cares about you.  You’ve been friends since you could walk."
"I know, but I think it's the right choice. School and Cash.  I'm just going to sit on it for a while."  Knowing the Cash part is a complete lie.  I’ve loved him my entire life.  He lived at the next farm over.  He’s always been the brother I never had, friend, and now ex-boyfriend.  He knew absolutely everything about me. The good, bad, and some things that I’d love to just erase from my mind entirely.
Piper, Annie, Morgan, Carrie, and I have an amazing graduation trip to Cancun.  We live it up every night dancing at clubs, baking in the sun, and meeting a new guy every night.
About the middle of July, my world starts to cave in on me.  I come to the conclusion that I have made a mistake.  I do want out of this hick town, and now I can't.  How am I going to tell my parents?  I come up with a plan to talk to Mama on the way to Grandma's tomorrow.  I know I’ll have questions to answer, but that’s expected from my mama, AKA Mrs. Worry Wart.
The next morning, I wake up and get ready.  I look at myself in the mirror, and worry is written all over my face.  I pack my clothes for the week and head downstairs.  I go to the pantry and grab a chocolate chip cookie and a Choice Cherry Gold, breakfast of champions.  Mama and Tessa come into the kitchen and are all ready to go.  We load up the Chevy and are on our way.
 Before we hit the county line, Mama looks at me and says, "Okay, spill it!"
I look at Mama, and tears fill up in my eyes.  "I don't want to go to LRC. Are you mad at me?”
My mama looks over and says, "Of course not!  There’s only one problem. Where are you going to go?  There are three weeks before classes start, Charley.  I don’t even know where to begin.  I know that you have been accepted to several places, but will they be able to accommodate you? What schools do you want to look into?”
"Carolina State and Southern, " I say quietly.
I had been accepted to Clemson, Carolina State, LRC, and Southern.  I’ve always wanted to be a Tiger, but knew that was probably out of the question.  I mean, hello!?  Huge school and three weeks before Moving Day!  I loved Carolina State.  It is big, so maybe I can fly under the radar.  I can keep to myself, stay unnoticed, and get my degree.  Southern is small, and I mean smaller than my graduating class, small.  But it has always appealed to me ever since a family friend talked about how gorgeous the campus is and all the friends she made there. Both Carolina State and Southern are close to my grandmother's house.
“Charley, why don’t we go to Carolina State on our way to Grandma’s?”
“That sounds great, Mama.”
On the way there, we stop at Carolina State.  They can enroll me, but there is no room in the inn.  I'd have to find housing off campus. I don't think so!  I’m already scared to make this gigantic change to my life plan.  I’m definitely not living off campus in a big city.  The admissions counselor says she will put me on the housing waiting list.  I smile politely and tell her thank you for her time. I know in my heart of hearts that Carolina State is out the window.
The entire week I try to keep my mind off the choices that are in my near future.   I did all the things most Southern girls like me love. I hang out with my cousins, work in my grandma's garden, take Daisy, the horse, for a ride, and shuck corn until I never want to see another ear 
On Wednesday, we call Southern and schedule an appointment for Friday.  There's no turning back now.  I pray, “Please God, let this work out for me.  I know that I haven’t always made the right choices in my life, but things are starting to get back to how they used to be before I messed up.”
On Friday morning, we eat breakfast.  I choose my grandma's pound cake and her famous sweet tea.  Then we say our goodbyes and down Highway 49 we go.  My mama doesn't say much, and I know what she is thinking.  She's thinking about why I want to go to this little rinky dink school?  What am I running from?  Will I make the same mistakes again?  We ride in silence.
When we get to the stoplight on Highway 49, we turn right; we go half a mile and see the Southern University sign.  Unsure of where to turn, we keep going.  Next thing I know, we’ve driven through it completely.  In the blink of an eye we are already leaving campus and the town.  Well dang, it’s smaller than I thought!   We turn the Chevy around and stop at the stoplight.  Really?  A stoplight?  I look to my right and notice the train tracks running straight through the middle of campus.  That's going to be fun to wake up to.  When the light turns green, we move forward and turn left into a driveway that goes to the Admissions Building.  We pull into one of three visitor parking spaces.  It's now or never.
We get out of the car, and Mama looks at me.  "What do you think?"
"I think I love it!  It's small, but I don't think I can handle a big school.  That's part of the reason I liked LRC."
We walk on the lawn to the stairs of the Admissions Building and go inside.  Here goes nothing, I think to myself.  We meet John, an admissions counselor.  He shows us around, and I fall even more in love.  The school is old.  The buildings are worn out, but there is so much character in each one.  I can feel the history. There is one downfall though; the dorm rooms are tiny.  I mean, smaller than small.  I think even a jail cell might be larger.  Even with that little downfall, I know this is where I am supposed to be.
We continue our tour with the one major question that’s the elephant in the room.  Is there room for me?  I look at my mama, and she asks John.  "I know this is late notice.  Charley has been accepted here, but will there be a dorm space available for her?"  I wait for what feels like years, and then he speaks.  "Yes, there is."
Whew!  I feel like my heart is about to beat out of my chest, and I smile like I haven't in a long time.  I am truly happy about this decision.  After making our way back to the Admissions Building, we are given the proper paper work to complete and then head back to Grassy Pond.
The ride home is awkward.  I know what is coming.  Mama begins to question my motives for going there, why I really want to go there, and am I positive this time. Yes, I am positive this time.  It's the right choice. I know it!  For once in my life, I know I have made the right choice.

Chapter 2: Moving Day
48 hours earlier...
I get up.  It's the day I have been waiting on. Moving Day.  I've been trying to get all the last minute stuff that I MUST have with me.  I get ready.  What do you wear on a day like today?   Since the majority of my clothing is already packed in a gazillion plastic containers, I look to see what I can find.   Today is hot.  In North Carolina, there is a thing called humidity and it sucks!  I know that I'll be sweating like a hooker in church as soon as I walk outside.  After looking to see what's left of my clothes, I remember that my mama did laundry last night.  Maybe, just maybe, something somewhat new will be in there.  I go to the laundry room and see that my Rock Revival Buckle jeans are washed and sitting on the counter, along with a new aqua blue zebra halter that I haven't seen before.  I think to myself, I love my mama!  I run back upstairs to get ready.  I grab a blue and silver cuff bracelet and my pair of Dannijo Paz earrings.  They are my favorite and are handmade from New York City.  Yeah, that’s the only thing “Big City” I own.  I look into the mirror and think it's time to start a new chapter in my life, one that I have been waiting on for eternity.
Everything is packed in the Chevy and Honda. It’s time to head toward Southern to start over on my own.   I take a few minutes to love on my favorite dog, Blue.  I look into those big brown eyes, and he lets me know that my secrets are safe with him.   Blue is the one that I can always talk to.  He doesn't reply with smart comments; he just listens to me.  I take a look at the farm and think to myself, Are you really ready to leave this place?  There's only one thought that crosses my mind. Cash.  I look to the farm on my right and wonder what he's doing.  Should I have told him bye?  Is he feeling like I'm feeling?
Then I notice his F250 coming down the drive.  WTF!  I was not planning on this today!  I really don't know if I can handle seeing him.  My stomach is fluttering with an army of butterflies.  How can just seeing his damn truck do this to me?  Deep breaths, I tell myself.  Blue looks at me like he is reading my mind.  "I know, Blue. I know," I say quietly.  
Cash turns off the engine and steps out of the truck with pure confidence.  He wipes his forehead with the bottom of his t-shirt showing off a perfect six pack.  My world completely freezes as he begins to move toward me.  Cash is wearing a pair of Carhartts that fit his ass just right and a sleeveless Dixon Tigers t-shirt that shows off his arms of steel that I know can hold a girl tight all night long.  His short light-brown hair is full of sweat from working on the farm. Dang. The country does a boy good!  Why does he have to be so stinking hot?  I stand up from Blue and slowly walk toward him.  I try to hid my butterflies, but know I am unsuccessful when he smiles and his one little dimple shines.  He runs his hand through his sweaty hair just before he meets me.
"Hey, Cash.  Whatcha doing here?"
"Charley, do you really think I'd let you leave without saying goodbye?"
"I ... I... guess not." My voice is about to fall apart.
"You know I want you to be happy.  That is all I have ever wanted for you.  I know things haven't been great between us, but I want you to know that you will always have a special place right here,” he says as he pats his hand over his heart.
"Cash, you know I can't do this right now.  I'm glad you finally decided to talk to me when I'm about to leave for college!  Why didn’t you do this yesterday?  This is too much.  I'm closing this chapter in my life, starting fresh, and minus you," I snap.
"Charley, you can say what you want, but I know you.  I know you like no one else.  Remember, I've been here through the good and bad, and no matter what happens, I will still be here even if you continue to push me away."
Cash walks toward me and closes the distance between us.  He gives me a hug, and all the butterflies disappear.  I fall apart in Cash’s strong, hardworking arms.  This is not exactly how I thought today was going to start.
I look into Cash's eyes, the ones that are crystal blue, and know he's telling the truth.  He may have given me the silent treatment for the past six months, but at least he still cares. That is all I need to know right now.
We pull apart from each other, and he wipes the single tear that falls down my face.  I look into those piercing blue eyes and whisper to him, "Thank you."  He turns around and walks back to his truck.  He gives me one last wave and a crooked little grin.  Ohmygawh! That grin!  I love that grin!  He puts the truck in reverse and heads to their farm next door.  I smile and wave, but my heart is breaking into a thousand pieces, again.
Mama comes out the screen door off the front porch with a few of my favorite homemade goodies to take to school.  She looks at me with sadness in her eyes.  She knows how much it hurt to lose Cash once, and she knows I can't handle that again.
"Charley, hun, are you okay?"
"I'm trying to be, but how can he just come over here like that!?  Doesn't talk to me for freakin’ six months and now acts like everything is fine and dandy.  Why now?"
"Sometimes things take time to heal.  Remember, you hurt him as much as he hurt you.  It will be okay sweet girl."
Mom walks over to me and puts the goodies in the Honda, then holds me in her loving arms like she has done all my life.  I have great parents, even though I have let them down time and time again.
"Come on, sweet girl. Put that smile on your face.  It's time to hit the road, Jack!"
I can't help but laugh at my mama.  One minute I'm ready to choke her for putting me in my place and the next she's making me smile.  I hope I'm half the mama she is when I grow up.
Dad comes up from the barn. He went to make sure Tessa took care of her chores this morning.  Tessa is the best sister a girl could have, but when it comes to chores, she ends up MIA.  
"Well, girls, you ready to go?"
"Yeah, I think so.  Can we stop by the Chevron so I can tell Tessa bye real quick?  And I think I need a Choice Cherry Gold to go."  
"Sure, but you're not putting it on my tab," Dad says as he smiles, knowing that I will.
I pull into the store and start pumping gas.  When I turn around, Tessa is right there with me.  She has my Choice Cherry Gold in her hand.  I just love her. 
"Great minds think alike," she says.
"You know it!  I'm sure going to miss you, but I'll be home in two weeks for the Dixon-West Football game."
The gas cuts off, Dad takes care of the bill, and I give my sis the biggest hug ever.  Although she gets on my nerves, I wouldn't trade her for the world.  Tessa waves and goes back to work.  Dad gets in the Chevy and waits for us to lead the way.  We pull out of the store and head toward I-85.  My new journey begins.
Mama and I make small talk on the ride.  We discuss what I think my roommate will be like, how I want to decorate, and what classes I plan to take.  I know everyone takes the basics their first two years, so why should I be any different?
"So, Charley, are you nervous about anything?"
"Well, I'm really scared about my roommate.  What if she's like some slob or the campus ho?"
"Charley, I can't believe you just said that!  I taught you better manners than that."
"I know, Mama, but I do worry about it.  I don't want different guys in my room every night. "
"I see where you are coming from, but at least try to think positive."
I wonder what it will be like without me at home.  Like I said before, Tessa is pretty slack when it comes to working around the farm.  She'd rather be making something crafty, doing her nails, or partying with her friends.  I've always been the responsible one.  Well, most of the time I have been.
Before I know it, we are at the stoplight I sat at a month ago.  This time we turn left instead of right and don't miss the campus. We make another right toward Mercer Gym to register and get keys.  We drive slowly across the metal bridge and find a parking space.  
"I'm so glad to be outta of the car.  I guess this is where we go," I say as I look at my dad, getting out of the Chevy.
Mama, Dad, and I make our way into the gym.  I swear it's like deja vu. Everything in here looks like my high school.  The colors are the same, and it's small.  I mean, we saw it on the tour, but I guess I didn't think about that. 
As we walk inside, we are greeted by students who are overly eager to help us.  We make it through the line for meal plans, financial aid, residency, medical, clubs, and sports.  I get my room keys, and we head back toward the cars.
On the way to the car, Dad looks at me and says, "I guess the reason I was put on this Earth was to pay for your education."  He just smiles and so do I.
We drive back across the road, passing the Chapel, President’s home, and then cross the railroad tracks.  To my right is Foot Hall. As we turn right, there is Dyer Hall, and at the bottom of a set of concrete stairs is Kluft Hall, my home for the next year.  My nerves are about to get the best of me, but it's more of a sense of the unknown rather than being scared.
I put the Honda in park, roll up the windows, and get out, grabbing my purse and the goodies Mama made for me.  Dad parked beside us and is waiting for us at the steps.  We walk up and into the dorm.  I'm in Room 209, which is upstairs.  My dorm is co-ed, which my mama was not thrilled about, but got over it.  We walk upstairs, and my room is the third one on the left.  The door is open, so my roommate must be in there. I hope this goes well.
I walk into the doorway to find my roommate, a girl with curly, dark-brown hair and a strong Northern accent.  I was unsuccessful trying to contact her in order to figure out who was bringing what.
"Hey, you must be Crystal.  I'm Charley; it's nice to meet ya."
"Nice to meet you, too.  We are about to leave to go get some items we didn't bring; see you in a little bit."
Okay, that was weird!  This might take some time to get use to.  Anyways, Dad, Mama, and I make multiple loads to get everything.  Mama helps me make my bed and put up clothes.  When that is finished, she is smiling.
"Well, looks like that's it.  I guess we will get back on the road."
I nod and follow them back to the Chevy.  I hug them both.  Dad puts the Chevy in reverse and waves as they head back home.  I wave until I can't see them anymore, then I turn around and try to put away the remainder of my stuff.  How the crap am I going to get all of this to fit in this cracker box of a room?
I'm alone in my room for about fifteen minutes when Crystal returns with her parents.  They bring in a few groceries, and then she walks them out to say goodbye.
When she returns, we make small talk.  I can tell that she is different from me.  She is very confident in being on her own.  She knows who she is and why she is here.  Crystal turns around and asks, "So, you want to walk around and see what's going on?"
"Sure."  I am at a disadvantage from everyone else on campus.  Since I changed my mind so late in the game, I missed Orientation.  It is very obvious that friendships started there, and currently I just have a roommate as an associate.
Crystal and I walk down the hall and introduce ourselves to our hall mates.  The first person I meet is Georgia.  She is all of about four-feet-eleven.  She has the cutest smile.  You know how your gut tells you things?  Well, I knew from the moment that I met her she would play a starring role in my college life.  There was something about her that was familiar.  Her roommate, on the other hand, I think not!
Across the hall I see two very athletic-looking blondes, Cassie and Jenny.  You can tell that they have spoken before moving in, hence, the matching loft beds, comforters, and room decorated like an interior designer.
To my right, is another Southern Belle, Caroline.  She looks like the cheerleaders at my high school, skinny, blonde, and overly excited about everything.
To my left are Anna and Tori. Yet again, these two look like they don't match as roommates, but there is something different.  I have a feeling these two have more in common than they know.
Crystal and I make our way outside and walk toward the train track.  It is about four o'clock, and we are supposed to meet on the lawn in front of Rush dorm to have some "freshman fun."  Seriously. WTH?
"So, Charley, how excited are you about this?"
"I’ve been waiting for this all day! Haven't you?!"  I say sarcastically.  I have never been one that likes to play the get-to-know-you icebreaker shit.
"We might get along more than I thought, Charley.  I had that exact same thought." Crystal smiles at me and across the street we go.
We walk to the front lawn and divide into our groups.  I notice two girls that look like they have been lifelong friends.  Then they talk, and their accents are dynamically different. This must be what happens when you come to Orientation.  The "freshman fun" leader, Lucas, starts to talk.  He is well over six feet tall, dark hair, and looks like he spends hours in the gym.  I guess I can handle the next thirty minutes of torture if I can look at him.
I look around in my group to see if I recognize anyone.  Caroline is in my group.  At least she’s a familiar face.
I'm brought back to reality by Lucas explaining the game I love to hate.  I'm going to have to come up with some cheesy animal name for myself that starts with “C”.  Hummm.  I’m thinking “Cougar Charley”.  That will get someone's attention.  Or at least a good laugh. It does, and this torture is almost over.
Since I’ve played the stupid game, I take a minute to look at my surroundings.  By that I don’t mean Mother Nature.  I notice a couple that seems to be pretty friendly, a couple of guys who look like they stepped out of GQ, and a tan, blonde-haired guy with piercing blue eyes. He looks like he has lived on the beach all summer long.  He is absolutely scrumptious.  I realize his name is Joe after he refers to himself as “Jackalope Joe”.  I think I might want to know a little more about him.
As I’m daydreaming about Jackalope Joe, I’m brought back to reality by Lucas.  He thanks us all for coming, and then tells us the café is open for dinner at six.  I decide to walk back to Kluft.  While waiting to cross the road, Caroline catches up to me.
"Hey, you're Charley, right?"
"Yeah.”
“Want to go grab supper?"
"Sure, thank goodness you said supper.  I almost didn't know what he was talkin' about."
We both just laugh.
“I had that same thought, Charley.  What the hell is ‘dinner’?  We call it supper where I’m from.”
We make our way in front of Hope Science Building and go down the spiral metal staircase to enter the café.
We are about halfway down the steps when I notice a group of smoking hot guys.  I look at them and smile as innocent as possible.
“So, Caroline, do you know of anything to do around here?  I mean, there is like nothing within a thirty-mile radius.”
“I heard there’s always a party somewhere on campus.  Just gotta know who to talk to and who to get the liquor.”
“Oh, okay.”  I’m sure not about to put it all out there that I’m not a big drinker.
We make our way into the cafe'.  I think we just walked into a pack of wolves and every set of eyes is staring at us.  I mean, like damn, take a picture! I hand over my ID card, it's swiped, then handed back.  We go into the line.  I grab a tray that looks like it's as old as I am.
We make our way through the line.  I grab a chicken salad, Diet Coke, and a chocolate chip cookie.  Caroline does the same.
As we walk out of the food line, I notice a group of girls waving at us.
“Looks like Kluft second floor is eating together.  Guess that means us, too,” I say as I look at Caroline.
“Hey, at least we’re not like those two over there.  I’m so glad I didn’t have to walk in here by myself.”
“I know what ya mean, Caroline.”
We eat at the round table with Georgia, Anna, Tori, Cassie, and Jenny.  Everyone but Anna, Caroline and I play a sport here.  I wonder if that’s the norm.
“Hey, Charley, do you play any sports?” asks Tori as she eats a bowl of ice cream. Ah, shit, I’d really hoped I could avoid this part of my life.
“I used to swim in high school.  I’ve swum competitively since fourth grade.”
“That’s awesome!  You should really walk on our team.  Georgia, Cassie and I all swim here.  We have the most awesome coach, too!”
“I’ll think about it.  I just never really thought I was good enough to compete on a college level.  So, Anna and Jenny, what do y'all do on campus?”
Anna blurts out, “The only sport I’m into is the male species.  I’m always on the hunt.”
“I play basketball,” says Jenny.
We finish eating and walk back to Kluft.  We all go into our rooms.  Jenny turns on the radio, and it blares through the hallway.  Crystal is back.
“Did you eat supper?  I didn’t see you in the café.”
“Lord, no, I just went and fed my appetite in other ways,” she says laughingly.
I give her my the hell are you talking about look. Then it dawns on me.  I can be so gullible sometimes.
“Ya know I met a few of the basketball guys today during Orientation.  Looks like they already know where the fun will be.  I’m going over to Irvin now to meet up with Lucas.  He said that if we wanted anything from the store, they would get it for us.”
“Thanks, but no thanks.  I’m not a big drinker.  Thanks for asking, though.”
“Well, I’m heading over that way.  I’ll see ya later.”
All I know is this is going to be interesting.  I can already tell my roommate prediction might be somewhat right.  I hope not.
I’m in my room when I get a text from Cash.  Shit.
Cash: Hope all ur dreams come true.  I’ll be 
here if u need me.
Me: Thanks, $. I just have one question y now?
Cash: I was being stupid.  I’ve seen u through everything& I couldn’t let u leave w/out u knowing how I felt about us.
Me: Really? U know that there’s a place for only u in my heart, but I need to live a little.
Cash: I know.  Just don’t find trouble.  Promise me that.
Me: I won’t
Or at least I’m going to try not to find trouble.  The evening moves like it’s on fast forward.  I’m checking out the classes I have when Crystal bursts into the room with about three guys.  They are definitely not my type.  
“Hey, Charley, there’s a party over at the Soccer House.  Wanna go?”
I throw the schedule onto the desk. “Sure why not.  Give me five, and I’ll be ready to go.”  It’s been a pretty good day. Why not make it an unforgettable night?  Let’s see if I can stay away from trouble!

Chapter 3: Soccer Party
I take a few minutes to look at myself in the mirror.  What the hell am I going to wear?  In my closet I find white jean shorts, a hot pink crocheted vest top, and a pair of wedge sandals.  I want to look cute, but don’t want it to look like I took hours to look good.  I pull my hair up into a messy bun, touch up my makeup, and apply Aruba Coconut lotion to my legs and arms.  I take one last look in the mirror on the back of the door, and I’m ready to go.
When I open the door, I don’t see Crystal, but I hear her down the hall.  Crystal and the three guys, Lucas, Jordan, and Nick, are in Caroline’s room.  
“Hey, Charley. We’re going to chill in Caroline’s room for a while,” Crystal says as she pokes her head out of the doorway.
“Okay.”
“Come on in; we’re just drinkin’ a little bit before we go.”
Oh gosh, here we go.  I’m not big on drinking, but I really do want to live a little and fit in.  So, what the hell.  Why not?  
I go into Caroline’s room and see a cooler with God knows what in it.  I’m afraid to even ask what is in it.
“Want some PJ?” Caroline asks in her strong Southern accent.
“What’s in it?”
“Ya know, a little bit of everything, and those strawberries will knock you on your ass after while!”
“So, are we trying to get fucked up tonight?”  I say sarcastically.
“We totally are!  You want some or not?”
“I’m not too big on drinkin’, but I’ll try a little.”
As I fill a red Solo cup, I realize this is a decision that I shouldn’t make, but for some reason, I can’t help myself.  I want to fit in, I want to live, and I want to forget about my past and Cash.  This PJ is my way of doing that tonight.
After hanging out in Caroline’s room for about thirty minutes, we all head off campus to the soccer party at the Soccer House with our PJ in hand.  As we walk, I can already feel the effects the PJ is having on my body, but I don’t care.  We walk down the side of the highway.  Caroline and I walk side by side with our arms locked.
Caroline looks at me and says, “I just love you! We are going to have so much fun tonight!”
The closer we get to the house, the louder it gets.  I can hear the bass thumping and know that a good time waits inside.  I have one thought and one thought only.  Will Jackalope Joe be here?  I have got to get him outta my head.  A boy who looks that damn good is nothing but trouble. I am sure of that!
We walk inside and this house looks like the furniture was picked up off the side of the road.  Can you say thrift shop?  There are people everywhere.  As we make our way to the kitchen, Crystal, Lucas, Caroline and I bump into about a hundred people.  Lucas informs us that since we are with him, nobody will touch our stuff.  Well, I guess I’m super glad that my roommate is sleeping with Mr. Big Man on Campus.  With that being said, we find a corner to call our spot and pour ourselves another cup of PJ as Caroline sings, “Red Solo cup, I fill you up, Let’s have a party, Let’s have a party; I love you, red Solo cup, I lift you up, proceed to party, proceed to party.”  I really hope she isn’t a music major, but I do know what her ringtone is gonna be on my phone.
Crystal and Lucas go on about their business while Caroline and I take our cups and mingle.  I recognize a few faces, but no one really stands out.  That is until I look across the living room, and I see him.  I try to act like I don’t see him, but I think it’s damn near impossible to miss someone that damn fine.  I notice that Georgia, Tori, Jenny, Anna, and Cassie have arrived, and I can tell they have all had one too many.  They run over to Caroline and me talking way too loud and acting too excited.  We all claim the spot we’re standing in and just talk about random shit.
The next thing I know, I hear Caroline shout. “Ohmygod, y’all! Do you see that wonderful specimen of a man over there?” She nonchalantly points across the room.  Let’s don’t be obvious or anything!
I look across the room and see a guy wearing jeans that fit right below his waist, white v-neck t-shirt, and a pair of Sanuks.  He has the perfect color of sandy blonde oh-so-messy hair that I want to put my hands in.  Then there are those eyes.  Those eyes are beyond perfect.  In fact, I think they match the Caribbean waters to a tee.  I try my best not to let him know I’m staring, but damn, I just can’t help it.  I give him a cute smile and then look back at the Kluft second floor girls.
“Uh, Charley, hellloooo? Do you see him?  He was soooooo checking you out!”
“He was not, but oh my holy goodness, he’s like the hottest thing I’ve seen since I got here.  Isn’t his name Joe?  I think he was in our group today.”  Like I don’t recognize him!
“You are so right, Charley!  Your name was priceless today! Cougar Charley, no way anyone’s going to forget that!”
“Hey, let’s hit the dance floor.”  I take Caroline’s arm while the rest of the Kluft girls follow us, and we hit the make shift dance floor in the living room.  They are playing Mobb Deep’s “Quiet Storm.”  It’s old, but I love the beat.  We hit the middle of the floor and start swaying our hips to the music.  We giggle like schoolgirls as we notice the guys in the room taking note.  A few others join us, Crystal and Lucas included.
“If they’re watchin’, let’s show them how we Southern girls have a good time,” I say to Caroline.
“You got it!”
We add just a little more emphasis to our hips and start dancing with each other.  Before I know it, the song is over, and we walk back into the kitchen to grab another drink.
“Caroline, I’m so glad Crystal got me to come with y’all tonight.  I’m not big on partying, but it looks like I might have to change that thought if we have this much fun!”
“Girl, anytime!  I can tell already that Georgia and us are gonna be tight because we are a lot alike.  Only thing is she’s super quiet.  We are from ‘round here.  Most of the students here are Yankees.  Not that it’s a bad thing.  They just piss me off when they make us seem stupid by the way we talk.  I mean, they chose to come to school here.”
“I understand you completely!  But aren’t those Yankees too damn cute?  I love me a country boy, but I might have to widen my horizons.”
I’m about to pour myself another round when I hear the sexiest voice known to women.  I look up and there is Jackalope Joe.  If his voice does that to me, I can only imagine what will happen if those perfect lips touch mine.
“Let me get that for you.”
“Thanks, Joe? Joe is your name, right?”  Play dumb Charley.
“Yeah, and you’re Cougar Charley.”  We both laugh.
“You know all I want to call you is Jackalope Joe,” I say with a half smile.
I think I might fall out looking into those make ya wanna melt, piercing blue eyes.  Keep it together, Charley. I’ve gotta keep in control. Good lookin’ or not, guys are like a bad habit I can’t break.  The last time I got involved with someone that could make panties drop by just lookin’ at me almost ended my life.  I have to stay in control, no matter what my emotions are screaming at me.
“Miss Cougar, ya wanna try out the dance floor?” Joe smirks.  This is not good.
“Sure, see if ya can keep up.”  I smile.
Joe leads me to the dance floor and puts his oh-so- manly hands on my hips.  I immediately think where I want those hands to go.  After several songs, Joe whispers into my ear, “Charley, you’re so beautiful,” as he kisses my neck.
Ah hell, I was right.  Those lips on my neck send a shiver down my spine and warm my insides like nothing I’ve felt before.  Well, maybe that’s not the truth. There has been one other time, but I am not going there tonight.  This has to be the PJ talkin’.
We leave the dance floor and walk outside to the porch.  Joe sits me on top of the railing and pulls me in close.  He looks me dead in the eyes.  Ohmygosh, stick a fork in me, I’m done.  Damn those crystal blue make ya wanna melt eyes!
Joe pulls me in closer, flashes those pearly whites, and takes my mouth in his.  He kisses me to my core.  I have to pull away, but I can’t; I need him so bad.  We finally come up for air; there is a desire that has ignited between both of us.  I really need to find Caroline and get outta here before I go too far.  Before I can get a word out, he has covered my mouth again, and his hands are reaching for the edge of my top. As soon as his fingers grace my skin, I’m a goner.  My hands are wrapped around his neck and in his oh-so-messy hair.
All of a sudden, I hear talking.  Joe and I struggle to separate ourselves.  When we do, I know this is my chance.  I have got to find Caroline and get the hell outta here before I end up naked in Jackalope Joe’s bed.
“Um, Joe.”
“Yeah,” he says with the perfect smile.
“I’ve really had a good time with you, but I think I need to find Caroline.  It’s getting late.”
“Really?  You sure you don’t want to find somewhere a little more private?”
“Um, I shouldn’t.  I’m not usually like this. Um, I mean, there’s a lot you don’t know about me.  In fact, if you did, you would probably have a different opinion of me.”  I can’t believe I just said that aloud.
“I find that very hard to believe, Miss Cougar.  From what I’ve seen, you have everything I like in a girl in one sweet, sexy, Southern package.  I want to get to know you in more ways than one.”
How do I respond to that?  I look into his eyes. Mistake number uno. Before I know it, I’m caught in his strong arms with his eyes staring straight through me.  I can see that he has a desire to be with me, but I have a strange feeling that he wants to know more.  He places his hand on my cheek as he pulls me in close. He kisses me with those oh-so- soft lips and then pulls away.
“Charley, you are truly beautiful.  I don’t know what you are hiding or scared of, but I want to know you. All of you.”  He gives me a quick kiss on my forehead.  “Now, let’s go find Caroline.”
Gawh! My head is swimming above me right now.  I’ve got to stop drinking.  Like he has read my mind, Joe grabs a water.
We find Caroline hugged up in the corner with some jock.  She sees me and pries away, leaving her digits in his hand.  We grab the PJ and tell the Kluft girls bye. Joe walks me to the front porch, kisses me one last time, and Caroline and I walk arm and arm back to Kluft.
I walk into my room. Crystal is MIA. Go figure. I put on my pj’s and pass out.

Chapter 4: 1st Day of Class
I use the rest of the weekend to recover, hang out with the girls on my hall, and make decisions about swimming. Gah, I could use some advice.
Piper: Hey girl!  Had ya on my mind!
Charley: You've got freakin' ESP!  Call me like yesterday!
Ten minutes later I hear “Hell on Heels” blaring on my phone.  I know exactly who it is. Piper. I miss her so bad.
"What's up, Charley?"
"So, let me just go ahead and tell ya.  I know this is the right place, but I don't know if I can keep my head on straight."
"Okay, so what's his name?"
"Joe, but the other problem is Cash."
"Charley, you know he loves you, no matter what you think is good for you."
"Whatever. Here's the bigger problem.  Everyone here plays a damn sport, and they know I use to swim.  What am I going to do?"  I'm a little bit on the panicking side.
"Girl, do what you want.  You love it, kick ass at it, and the problem no longer exists that you’re thinking about.  Go for it!"
"I just don't' know; there's this red tape thing I gotta go to tomorrow, if I decide to do it.  I'm telling ya, if I decide to do this, I better not have a chance in hell of running into that piece of shit!"
"Damn, Charley, calm down.  You know he's off at some Division 1. You're good."
"K, well I guess I'm just going to weigh the pros and cons.  So, how's the beach?  I'm totally coming to see ya soon!"
"It's great, and ohmygah, these guys are eye candy everywhere I turn.  My roommate’s pretty cool, too; she's an Army brat.  She likes to have a good time. So far so good."
"Aight girl, thanks for the pep talk, but I guess I better figure out where I gotta be in the morning and what I'm going to wear."
"Char, why don't you wear your look pretty, play dirty camo racerback and your cut-offs?  Just be you. You ain’t gotta impress anybody.
"I heart you so much!  You know exactly what I should do and are my fashion conscience.  Love ya like a Choice Cherry Gold!"
We both laugh and then hang up. I take a look at my schedule... 8 a.m. Biology.  What was I thinkin'?  I get my books, iPad, and notebook and place them inside my bag. I take a look in the closet. Where is that outfit?  I swear Piper knows me better than myself sometimes.  I grab my phone, set my alarm, and decide to talk to Georgia across the hall.
"Hey, Charley, I'm about to go over to Tori’s room. We’re gonna watch Scandal.  Wanna go?"
"Sure, but I got an 8 a.m. class.  What was I thinkin'?"
We are all chillin’ on Tori’s futon watching Scandal.
During the last commercial, Georgia brings up what I've been dreading.  
"So, Charley, did ya decide yet about the team?”
"Y'all, I just don't know." How do I tell them what happened? Or do I?
Tori turns to me with a devilish grin.  "Charley, there's this thing called Google.  I know you swim faster than a fish!"
"Yes, Tori, I know I'm a good swimmer, but I just don't know if that is what is in the plan for me here."
"How about you going to the red tape meeting with us tomorrow, meet Coach, and go from there.  Why are you so wishy washy?"
"Tori, some shit happened at home that I don't want to talk about or bring up.  If, and I mean if, I decide to go with y'all tomorrow, there are no guarantees I will decide to join the team."
"So, you'll go?"
"Y'all aren't going to drop this are you?" Damn Google!
"Hell no, you’re quick as hell, and we need someone on the backstroke leg of the 4x200 IM."
"All right, I'll go, but no promises.  I guess I'm gonna head back to my room.   I'll see ya in the morning.  Anybody got Bio at 8?"
They all look at me and laugh.
"I know, I'm a freakin' idiot!  I'll see ya at lunch for sure.  Night, y'all."
As I walk back to my room, I realize that I'm freakin' doomed.  I love this sport. It's all I've known, but I just don't know if I can go back down that road again.  There is too much at stake. It doesn't matter how fast I can swim.  I can't run from what happened a year ago.
As I'm about to walk into my room, I notice a message from Crystal on the write board.
-At Lucas’, BBT- (BBT code = be back tomorrow)
Well, at least I can figure all this out myself.  I grab my bath caddy, robe, and head to the shower.  Maybe I can clear my head.   I take my time shaving my legs, washing my hair, and thinking about my present situation.  All I’ve ever known is the pool. I've spent my entire life there. How can one stupid asshole change my life? What am I going to do tomorrow?
I finally talk myself into getting out of the shower and attempting to go to sleep.  I grab my phone, check my alarm, and close my eyes.  When I do, all I see is Dylan, my nightmare all wrapped up in one hot, tattooed, swimmer’s package.
At some point in the night I drift off to sleep.  I wake to the most annoying sound in the world, my alarm clock.  I swear that has got to be worse than nails on a chalkboard.  I hit the Snooze button one more time.  I’m exhausted.
Ten minutes later, I hop outta bed and grab the outfit that Piper advised me to wear.  I decide to leave my hair down today with a few loose curls.  I grab my bag with all my school stuff, a Choice Cherry Gold out of the fridge, and hurry to Hope Science Building.
I slide into the lecture hall and take a seat on the right side of the room.  It’s old and musty smelling in here. Yuck!  How appealing to my senses at this time of morning.  Dr. Deal enters; he is a cute old man with a loud ass voice.  He calls the roll and then informs us that there is no need for it anymore because he has a photographic memory.  Well, damn.  And he does.
He dismisses us right at 9 a.m.  I’m starved.  I sure hope my Kluft girls are already there waiting.  I sure don’t want to sit alone.  I walk in and notice Georgia and Tori eating at the same table from last night.  I guess we can call that our table.  I make my own waffle, grab an apple, a glass of milk, and walk their direction.
“How was that 8 a.m. Bio?”
“All right, except I know I can’t skip ‘cause that professor has a photographic memory. I mean, really?  How did I get so lucky? 
“Well, it won’t be that bad ‘cause if you join the team we’ll be up anyways.”
I look at them both like I could kill them.  Really?  They are starting this already?
“Now, look. I’m not makin’ promises.  I’ll go today, but no guarantee.”
“Char, you’re gonna love Coach.  She’s a freakin’ hoot.  You never know what she’s gonna say.  Heck, she’s liable to call us one night needing a ride home ‘cause she’s had one too many,” Tori says with a mouth full of cereal.
“Y’all are kidding, right?”  Seriously, they have to be!
“You’ll never know until you join our crazy team!”
We finish breakfast, and I head across campus.  I have Freshman Seminar.  I mean, do they really think we are that stupid?  We need a class on how to survive in college. Ummmm, no we don’t.
I walk toward Good Hall and go into the room that sits outside the main part of the building.  This time I find the back row. Straight Southern Baptist all the way.  If I have to listen to this crap, I wanna have the best seat in the house.  I take out my phone to text Tessa.
Me: Might need a favor.
Tessa:  Well hey to u 2
Me: Shut up! I might need my swim bag.
Tessa: WTH?  Ur j/k right?
Me: Not sure, meeting today, might, miss it
Tessa: Let me know & I will get it 2 u gotta go bf I get busted in class
Me: K Love u!
Tessa: Love u 2!
About the time I look up from my phone, I see him. Joe.  He walks into the room with so much swag and confidence it should be illegal.  His looks are beyond call the fire department hot ‘cause a fire has gotta be put out in a pair of Under Armour gym shorts and a Southern lacrosse t-shirt.  It is very evident that he just left the gym. Ohmygawh. That hair is soaked on the ends with sweat. Oh, what I wouldn’t give to be a little closer to him.  I think this class just got interesting!  To think, I was able to remove myself from that oh-so-hot situation this weekend, but I don’t know if I will be able to resist three-a-week scheduled occurrences.
As I am about to pick up my mouth off the desk, attractive I know, I hear that deep sexy voice.
“Hey, Miss C, anybody sitting here?”
Take a deep breath, I keep telling myself.
“I don’t think so.  How are ya this mornin’?”  I say with my sweet Southern accent.
“Okay, if you don’t mind running about three miles before the crack of dawn.”
What I wouldn’t give to have seen that show this morning!  I just might have to make note of that routine. Joe and his fine ass running across campus.  Ummmhumm!
All of a sudden, the door closes, and I hear Dr. Cope, the professor say, “Welcome to Freshman Seminar.  Whatever you think this class is about, you are wrong.  This is not a class about learning the ins and outs of college.  It is a class to build relationships and figure out who you are now that Mommy and Daddy aren’t telling you what to do.”
That is definitely not how I thought this was going to go. Between Mr. I’m Sexy and I Know It and Dr. Cope, whom I think I’m going to get along with just fine, this morning is starting to look up.
While handing out the syllabus, Dr. Cope goes through her expectations and tells us all about herself, her kids, and her yellow lab named Sampson.  Time flies in this class.
“Before I let you go, I want to explain how you are graded in this class.  It is pass/fail, which means you have one attempt at passing this class.  You have one project and one project only.  Your homework is to read the syllabus, be prepared to start the project that is explained, and be able to complete the project with success.  That’s all for today; you’re dismissed.”
Well, I thought Dr. Cope and I were going to get along, but maybe not.  I’m going to have to check out this project.  Pass/Fail?!  Really? I begin to pack my belongings when I hear a laugh next to me.  What the hell is so funny?  I turn and look at Joe with an irritated glance.
“What?”
“Nothing, Charley.  You just look like you’re ready to haul ass outta here.  I mean, it’s just a project.”
“Yeah, I know.  But pass/fail, really?  I just think one project is a little unfair.  She didn’t even explain it.”
“Oh, I see. You’re one of those people.  Gottta know every detail, and you’re freaking out about now, huh?”  Well, shit.  How did he know that?
“I guess you could say that.”
As we walk across the front lawn, Joe readjusts his backpack on his shoulder and gets quiet all of a sudden.  Is he nervous or something?
“Charley, I’m going to grab a bite to eat before my next class.  You want to go with me?”
“I guess I can.  I’m planning on meeting the Kluft girls there now, anyways.”
“Whoa, did you just say Kluft girls?” He asks with a smirk and brief chuckle.
“Uh, yeah.  That’s who we are. Second floor Kluft.  We’re the best girls on campus hands down.”
“Well, there’s no argument there,” he answers, as he looks me from head to toe.
“What?  It’s just easier than going down the list of my hallmates.  I mean, I can do that each time if you like. Let’s see. Caroline, Georgia, Tori”
Joe interrupts me, “Nah, I get your point.”
When we walk into the café, Joe decides to eat with his teammates, and I go toward the Kluft girls. I try my best to keep my mind off him and this project.  We finish lunch, walk back to the dorm, and decide that since the sky is that perfect Carolina blue, we will hang out on the lawn and grab a little Vitamin D.
“Hey, y’all. I’m going to go make some Kool-Aid,” Anna says with a wink.
“Oh, I want some of that!” Caroline states in that enthusiastic cheerleading voice.
I know that ain’t just Kool-Aid by the way they are talking, but I also notice that no one else jumps at the chance.  Must be because of the red tape meeting in an hour.
We enjoy our fun in the sun until the last minute and hurry across our oh-so-huge campus to the gym.  When we get there, it looks as if everyone on campus is inside.  When we walk through the double doors to the basketball gym, it is overwhelming the number of athletes that are at this school.  As I’m taking it all in, I notice him. Joe. He looks at me and smiles.  My heart feels like it is going to explode. Two times in one day. Lord help if I see him again today.
We take our seats and listen to the Athletic Director, Jones Monroe, go over all the details.  How you can play a sport, when you can’t, grades, yada, yada, yada. Then we are dismissed into teams.
“Hey, Coach, this is Charley. Ya know, the one we Googled?” Tori says with a smile.
“Nice to meet ya, Charley.  I really hope that you will think about joining our team.  We have a great group of girls here.  We are like a family.  I’ve also done my research on you as well, and if you decide to join us, there is no doubt Southern States isn’t going to know what hit them!  Now girls, load up, we’re going to get some ice cream!”
There is no fuckin’ way that would happen back home.  I really think I love Coach already.  I can tell beyond the shadow of a doubt that she loves this team, has expectations, but knows when it’s time to have a little fun.  Now to figure out how to get my stuff.  Yes, I could buy new swim gear, but that’s not how this chick works.  I’ve used the same pair of goggles forever, and I don’t plan to get any new ones.  I guess I’m a little superstitious.
After ice cream, Tori, Georgia, and I take our time walking across campus.  In fact, we don’t make it to our rooms.  There are a ton of people out on the stoop between Kluft and Dyer.  It is a gorgeous day, there’s music blaring from a guy’s room in the bottom of Kluft, and there are Solo cups everywhere.  We decide to enjoy the free entertainment, and all about lose a kidney from laughing when some idiot starts the “Harlem Shake.”  We all join in, and then we notice campus police in the distance. 
“5-1-5-0, someone called the Po-Po!” Tori sings as we hurry up the stairs.
“That was so much fun!  And just so y’all know, I’m joining the team!”  I say, grinning ear to ear.  I haven’t been this happy in what feels like forever.  About that time, my phone buzzes. Cash.
Cash: I hope u had a great 1st day! How was it?
Me: Thanks $!  Went great!  
I should tell him I joined the team, but how? He is probably gonna be ready to kick my ass.
Cash: Blue misses you. He was laying at the 
club yesterday.
Me: :(
Cash: Anything new?
Me: Nope $
Cash: U sure?
An odd feeling overcomes me that he knows something.  Before I can even finish that thought, my phone plays “Crash My Party” by Luke Bryan.  I know I should have changed that by now, but I just can’t bring myself to do it.  That was our song.  I take a deep breath and try to be as perky as possible ‘cause this isn’t going to be pretty.  I think my shirt said it all today, “look pretty, play dirty,” which is exactly what I’m gonna have to do.
“Hey, Cash Money. What’s up?”
“Char, what’s going on?  ‘Cause first off, you only call me Cash Money when you’re up to something.”
Well, damn.  This is going to be harder than planned.
“Nothing really, first day of classes. My Bio teacher has a freakin’ photographic memory, we have some pass/fail project for Freshman Seminar, and I’m joining the swim team.” Maybe he didn’t catch that last part.
“What did you just say?  Please, tell me I didn’t hear you right!”
“My teacher has a photographic memory?!” I say as innocent as possible.
“No, what was the last thing you said?”  I could hear both the anger and worry in his voice.
“Cash, I love that sport, and the Coach and team really want me.”
“I understand that, Char, but I don’t want you to get hurt.  I don’t want you taking a chance of that asshole entering your life at any given moment.”  I can tell he is on the verge of tears.
“I know.  I’m scared about that too, but I can’t live in fear forever.  I texted Tessa about it this morning, but I didn’t tell her I was for sure.”
“That’s why she hauled ass from feeding the pigs this afternoon.  I knew she looked guilty about somethin’.”
“Are you mad at me?”
“No, Charley, I could never stay mad at you. If this is what you want to do, I’ll support you, but I’m telling you right now, if you feel unsafe, get your ass outta there!”
“All right, Cash.  I promise.  I do need a favor, though.  I need my swim bag.”
“When do you need it by?  I’m not happy or for this in any way, but you mean more to me than anything else in this world.  If you need my support, I will try my best.  I have to meet a guy past Charlotte on Thursday about buying our old tractor.  Maybe you could meet me there?”
“I get done with class at 12:30.  Maybe say 2ish?  I’ll get Tessa to get it to you.  Where you wanna meet?”
“Let’s meet at Hooters near the Mills.”
“Seriously. Hooters, Cash?”
“Hey, I’m doing you a favor, remember?!”  I can hear the hope in his voice.
“K, I’ll see you then.  Thanks for understanding.  Bye, Cash Money!”
“Bye, Char-coal.”
We hang up, and I feel relieved. Now to tell my parents.
Me: Cash is bringing my swim bag Thursday. 
Will u get it to him?
Tessa: Yes, u sure?
Me: Yes, don’t tell Mama& Dad yet
Tessa: I won’t tell unless they ask, <3 u!
Me: <3 u 2!
I decide it’s time to chill out for the night and get ready for day two of classes.  I grab my bag and begin to change out the books for tomorrow.  I go to put my notebook on the shelf when I realize I never looked at the Freshman Seminar syllabus.  I know it can’t be that bad.  I grab a Choice Cherry Gold and a bag of Cheez-Its. Now, let’s see what this is about.
Fall 2013
Welcome to Freshman Seminar!  I’m Dr. Cope, and these are the expectations.  
Be on time
Be prepared
Be willing to try new things
Have fun
Build relationships
Remember this class is pass/fail.  You have one presentation to be presented at exams.  It is as follows:
1.Pick a partner of the opposite gender
2.Discover 20 unique facts about each other
3.After discovering the unique facts, each person is to plan a day adventure that you believe your partner would enjoy based on the unique facts you have learned
4.Volunteer at a local non-profit (your choice) for 10 hours within the semester
5.Collect evidence of your project: pictures, videos, papers, anything that will verify your experiences
6.A presentation for exams explaining what you have learned about your partner, volunteering, and why you believe that this relationship project was successful or unsuccessful.  
Dr. Cope
Freshman Seminar
Office Hours:
M/W/F: 11-1
T/Th: 8-10
Well, this isn’t as bad as I thought.  I like learning about new people and volunteering, but the worst part is going to be choosing a partner.  I mean, why does it have to be a different gender?  Well, worst or best case scenario is I end up with Joe, but I’m not going to ask him.  I put away the syllabus and get ready for bed.  It’s been a long first day, but I love it here.

Chapter 5: Hooters
I go through my schedule the rest of the week like it’s an old routine. As I leave Biology and begin to walk to Freshman Seminar, I see Joe waiting outside.
“Mornin’, Joe.”
“Hey, Charley, just wondering if you looked at the syllabus yet?”
“I did,” I say with a smile.
“So, I mean, since we already kinda know each other, do you wanna work with me?” he asks while adjusting his backpack.  Is he nervous?  I mean, it’s just me.
“Yeah, I guess so,” I answer, trying my best not to look too excited.
“Don’t act so excited, Charley,” he says as he starts to laugh.
I laugh too, and we make our way to class.
We enter class, and Dr. Cope informs us that once we have a partner we are free to go.  We are expected to meet on Mondays in the class, but during our scheduled class time, we are to meet with our partner and work on the project.
“All right, Joe.  When and where are we going to meet?”
Joe bursts out laughing.
“What’s so funny?”
“You weren’t kidding about getting things done, being organized, and not procrastinating. I’m so glad you said yes.”
“Well, it’s not a bad thing,” I say with just a tad of an attitude.
“I know.  It’s cute, and at least we will have our project finished and can have fun the rest of the semester.”
“So, when and where are we meeting?”
“Let’s meet during class time at the picnic tables between the dorms. That is unless you want to meet in my dorm room?”  Joe says with a wink.
“I think option 1 will be just fine. I’ll meet you there Friday.  Bye, Joe.”  I turn around as I leave to walk back across campus with a smile plastered on my face.
He waves and smiles.  Oh, that smile.  I seriously hope I can keep enough distance between us because I already know how this scenario will play out. Girl falls for boy, boy falls for girl, shit happens, and boy breaks girl’s heart.
The rest of the day goes as planned. Class, more class, studying, and getting ready for the next day.  I wake up Thursday morning and decide to take extra time getting ready.  I don’t have class until nine, and I have to meet Cash this afternoon.
I curl my hair and then pull half of it up, grab my cut-off stone washed jean shorts, blue plaid button up shirt and my white cord sandals.  I want to look like myself, plain ol’ Charley when I see Cash today.  I don’t want him to read too much into this situation.  I can’t hurt him; I love him too much.
Class flies by, and before I know it, I’m telling Georgia and Caroline I’ll be back by supper.  They both look at me like whatever.  Then they inform me that we are going shopping right after class tomorrow because we’re going to Hank’s Tavern Saturday night.
“What’s Hank’s Tavern?”  I ask curiously.
“It’s this redneck bar that is like five minutes from campus.  Everyone says they got the best pizza and steak around, but on Saturday night there’s a lot of bumpin’ and grindin’ going on, especially when Southern’s classes are in session,” Georgia states as she tries to do her best bumpin’ and grindin’ impression.  I can’t help but laugh.  Now I know why that girl likes to drink liquid courage in a glass!
“Sounds like fun!  But I’m not eighteen yet.”
“Don’t worry, Charley.  Someone will get us in.  We’ll work on that tomorrow.”
“Okay, see y’all in a little while.”  I walk downstairs, down the stoop, text Cash, and get into my Honda.  I feel like I haven’t driven in forever.  I open the sunroof, crank up the local country station and down the highway I go.
I make it to Hooters in record time and think that I’m going to have to wait on Cash.  When I turn into the parking lot, I can see his truck.  Like I’ve said before, he’s my knight in an F250 and a pair of Carhartts.  Today is no different. The closer I get to that truck the more butterflies I begin to feel inside my stomach.  This can’t be happening.  I can’t get that close to him, not now.  I have too much going for me.
I put the car in park, close the sunroof, and take a minute to fix my hair before getting out.  As I’m about to open my door, Cash opens it for me.  “Hey, Char,” he says as he wraps his strong arms around me.  The arms that have always been there for me.
“Hey, Char, here’s your bag.  I hope everything’s there. And just so you know, your mama might be onto your game.  Just a hunch,” he says with a wink.
“Thanks, Cash.” I give him a kiss on the cheek.
“Let’s go eat.”
Cash and I have a fun-filled afternoon laughing at what’s been going on at home, the waitresses in the Hooters getup, and old times.  At times, I catch Cash looking at me like he used to.  Those beautiful eyes full of hope and wishing that we were together again.  I try my best not to look at him the same way.
“Oh crap, Cash.  I didn’t realize it was gettin' so late.  The girls at school are waiting on me for supper.”
“We’re having so much fun.  Why don’t you text them and tell them your plans have changed?”
“Cash, I’ve had a great time, but they were giving me a hard time already.”
“What do you mean ‘hard time’?” he asks with that cute grin and a little chuckle.
“Cash, you know how girls talk.  They probably think we’re on some back road getting our freak on!”
“I like how those girls think, and you know your wish is my command.”
I slap his arm.
“That is so not funny!”
After a few minutes of awkward silence, he finally speaks.
“You promise you’re coming home soon?  Blue misses you really bad.”
“If I didn’t know better, I’d think Blue isn’t the only one person that misses me.” I smirk.
We pay the bill, and of course, Cash insists on paying.  There is no use in me arguing.  We walk out to say goodbye.  These goodbyes are really starting to get old.
He walks me to the Honda and opens the door, but before I can get in, he pulls me close to him and hugs me like he is never going to let go.
“Cash...” And before I have time to finish my sentence, his lips are on mine.  He is kissing me with every ounce of his being, and I want nothing more than to kiss him back, so I do.
Undoubtedly, we must be causing a scene because we hear people laying on their horn.  The sounds bring me back to reality.  I can’t believe I just kissed Cash.  I promised myself I wouldn’t hurt him again; I know he thinks there is hope between us.  I know in my heart I love him, but I’m afraid that being with him will only hurt him more.  I have so much life to live outside Grassy Pond, and I want to discover myself without a guy attached to me.
I pull away from Cash’s perfect lips and try to get into the car.  I know this isn’t going to be easy.  As I turn to get in the driver’s seat, he grabs my wrist with force but yet a delicate touch.  He doesn’t want to hurt me in any way.  I turn to look at him, and that is when I know he is never going to leave me.  I know that no matter what life puts in my way, Cash will always be a part of it.  I don’t know if he will continue to be my knight in a pair of Carhartts and an F250 or if he will just continue to by my rock that I lean on, but whatever it is, I will not let him go.  I just need time.
“Char, just hear me out.  Will ya?”  I nod.  “You have been the one constant in my life as long as I can remember.  I think that I have loved you for so long that I just can’t let you walk out of my life anymore.  You are what makes my heart beat.  When you walked out on me at the club that afternoon, my heart broke into a million pieces.  Then I was just pissed at you because I was the one there for you that night.  I held you in my arms and kept you safe, but yet you wanted to keep me away.  I just didn’t understand.”
He is fighting back tears.  I start to speak, but he regains his composure and puts his hand on my cheek.  The emotion that comes from that one movement is beyond words.  I am speechless, so I continue to listen because when Cash speaks he doesn’t waste words.
“Then when you decided to leave Grassy Pond, I didn’t know what to do.  I knew you wanted space, but I couldn’t let you leave without saying bye.  I had to let you know I still cared.  Charley, I’m not sure what you want, but I know what I want. You.  I am willing to wait, continue being your best friend, boyfriend, continue being your rock, but I’m not leaving ever again.  I love you and always will.”
All I can do is look into those beautiful eyes, and that is all the affirmation he needs.  I don’t need to tell him how I feel; it is written all over my face.  He pulls me into his strong embrace and kisses my forehead.
“Cash, I love you too, but I want us to take this slow.  I’m not at home; I want to live my college experience to the fullest.  I do know that I never want you to walk out of my life again.  That was a pain that I never want to experience again, but I need you to understand there are a few things I need to do alone before I can be yours forever.”
He uses his fingers to guide my eyes to him. I start to melt as he brings his soft kissable lips to mine.  We break apart all too quickly, and he gives me a few quick pecks on the lips before sending me on my way.  In a million years, I never expected this to happen today.

Chapter 6: Hank’s Tavern
I drive a little slower back to campus because I know I’m going to get twenty questions when I return.  I decide to call Piper, but she doesn’t answer.  I try Tessa even though I know she is at work.  She picks up, and before I can tell her one word, she already knows what happened.  I think there is just something about sisters.  You hate them when you’re little, sometimes like them when you get older, but when you get through your teen years, they are the ones that are always there and can complete your sentences.
“Char, how much do you love him?”  I can feel her grinning ear to ear.
“I don’t know if there are words, but I do know that things are going to go slow.  I want to be on my own, experience college, and then make decisions.”
“I knew when you wanted him to bring your swim bag that things would work out.  They always do between you.  Y’all got too much history to just throw it away.”
“Thanks, Tessa. I know I’m about to get grilled like a ribeye when I get back, but it’s okay.  And Tess, I thought he knew how to kiss, but he had my toes curling today!”
She bursts out laughing, and then I hear her apologize to the customer.
“Hey, I’ll let you get back to work, but I just had to talk to someone. Love ya!”
“Love you, too!”
I continue to drive to campus in a daze.  My thoughts keep going back to Cash, the kiss, and his words.  I know that this good ol’ country boy is who I am meant to be with.  I know I like Joe and he has this effect on me, but I can’t let go of Cash. Ever.
I start to walk into Kluft when I hear this hootin’ and hollerin’ coming from the upstairs window.
“Y’all ain’t right!”  I laugh and walk upstairs.
Before I reach the hall, all of second floor Kluft is in my business.
“So, spill it.  You said you were going to be back before supper, and we can all see that didn’t happen.  What’s the deal?  Y’all were out on some back road, weren’t ya?”  Caroline says ever so confidently.
“Um, no. We were at Hooters, thank you, and in the parking lot to be exact.”
“I bet horns were just a honkin’ at y’all!”  Georgia chimes in.  She is quiet most of the time, but when it’s time, she always puts in her two cents.
“Okay, first of all I’m only gonna explain this once.  Yes, I got my swim bag, ate at Hooters, laughed like old times, and had the best make out session of my life The kind where your toes curl and you don’t want to pull away.”  They are all completely pulled into what I’m saying.  It’s like they are trying to picture it, which totally freaks me out!
“Then he told me he loved me and would wait on me no matter what.  I do love him, but I want to be independent for a while.”
“Aw, Charley, that’s so sweet!” Anna says.
We make our way to our room and chill out for the night.  We have practice at 5 a.m. tomorrow, and I haven’t been in the water in forever.  I’m sure my body is going to take a beating in the morning.  I better get a good night’s sleep.
I turn on the TV and watch Gray’s Anatomy.  Then my phone chirps, and I know it’s Cash.
Cash: I just want u to know I love u & I’m ready 
for whatever u want me to be in ur life
Me: Thanks $ Love u 2, practice at 5am :(
Cash: Go 2 bed, $ <3 u! 
Me: Char-coal <3 $
I haven’t felt this happy in what feels like an eternity.  I turn over, fall asleep, and dream sweet dreams of Cash, the club, and me.
At 4:45, I turn off my alarm, jump out of bed, and grab my swim bag, quietly trying not to wake up Crystal.  Tori is coming out of her room, and Georgia’s room seems quiet.  We knock, and she comes to the door asleep.
“Oh crap!  Give me two secs!”  Within two seconds she is out the door.  We decide to drive across to the gym.  Yes, it probably takes longer to walk to the car than across campus, but that’s what we do.
Once inside the locker room, we change and head to the pool.  That’s when I notice it.  There is a box in my bag.  I open it and find a necklace.  It is a silver chain with three charms: an anchor charm, silver heart charm, and a hand stamped $ symbol on a pea-sized sterling silver circle charm.  Inside is a note that reads:
Char-coal, 
No matter where you are, I’ll be your rock, your anchor, I will help you stay grounded even when I am not physically there.  I love you Char-coal, and this will always keep me close to you. 
<3 $
I beam with happiness and send him a quick text to let him know how much I love it and head to the pool.
Coach has already written the warm-up on the board.  It feels so surreal for me to be back at a pool.  I feel like a kid in a candy store.  I dip my cap into the water, then put it on, followed by my goggles. I dive straight in for the 500m choice warm- up. I got this.  I glide through the water like I haven’t left.  After we finish the warm-up, we do a few sets.  Then Coach decides it’s time to see what we’re made of.
“All right, Tori, Charley, Georgia, and Sarah (another teammate), Lane 1.  Brittany, Harper, Sally, and Jordan, Lane 2.  Let’s have some fun!  Let’s see what you are made of.  It’s  4 x 200 IM relay time!”
We all take our places, and that’s when we hear the whistle.  We all begin to holler and cheer on our teammates.  I jump in feet first, since I’m leg one, place my hands on the starting block, feet on the wall, and wait for the whistle.  I dolphin kick.  1, 2, 3, 4, and then I begin to kick it in high gear.  As I reach the flags, I count and do my flip turn, then I continue for three more lengths of the pool.  I give everything I have to my last lap.  I see the flags in view and push with all my might.  As I tag the wall, Georgia dives in.  I climb out, feeling like a brand new person.  We continue to pull for teammates through the relay, and we have an awesome finish time of 4:41:23.  Dang, if we are doing that well right now, I can’t wait to see our time at Southern States!
“Wow, girls! I’m impressed.  Oh, and Charley, you are a damn fish!”
“Thanks, Coach!”  I smile.
“Great practice, girls!  We won’t have anything this weekend.  I know how important those outfits are for Hank’s tomorrow night.  So, go shopping this afternoon and be ready for two-a-days starting next week.”  She just laughs.
“Oh, and remember, girls. Have fun, but be smart.  If you need me at any time, I am always here,” she says with so much compassion.
We go to the locker room, shower, and change.  We are about to starve, so we go to the café.  I make a waffle, sit at our usual table, and go to the dorm to get my stuff to meet Joe.
I walk out of the dorm and notice that he is already sitting at the table.  He looks like he is really focusing on something, then I see his cellphone.  I decide to mess with him a little bit.  I walk as quietly as possible to where he has his back to me.  I tiptoe up to him and place my hands on his shoulders. “BOO!”  He almost jumps out of his skin, and I die laughing.  I mean, like bent over, can’t talk, about to hyperventilate laughing.  I don’t think it would have been nearly as funny except that he is totally embarrassed due to some of his teammates walking to class, but then I see this dark look in his eyes.  I stop laughing.
“Charley, that shit isn’t funny.  Please don’t ever sneak up on me again.” He puts his cellphone away.
“It’s no biggie; I was just messin’ with ya.  Can’t you take a joke?”
“I really don’t like when people do that; just drop it.”
“So, what have you figured out about this project?”
“I think we should talk about where we want to volunteer and maybe come up with some of the unique facts,” Joe says seriously.  I think someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning.
“I got one unique fact on you already. You’re a scaredy cat,” I say with a playful laugh.
“No, I just don’t like surprises.”
“Okay, well, I’ll write that down. Nine more to go.”
Joe and I take a few minutes to talk about home, what our parents do, and what we like and don’t like.  Before long, we have several items on each of our lists.  But for some reason, his list for me makes me look like I’ve never left the farm.  Is this really what people think of country folks like me?  I snatch the list and look at it
Unique facts about Charley:
1. She lives on a farm
2. She set 3 records at her school in swimming, 
all state, and didn’t want to swim in college 
(weird)
3. Eats roadkill (squirrel, opossum, deer, goose, 
and turkey)
4. Goes hunting, fishing, and cleans everything 
she catches
5. Enjoys being outdoors
6. Has used the same pair of goggles for 4 years
7. Best friend is Cash and she calls him Cash 
Money
8. Flip flops or Ariat boots are her preferred 
type of shoes
9.
10. 
“Well, I see you have your list almost finished.”  For some reason, this list pisses me off.  I am proud of who I am, where I am from, what my parents work for, and Joe makes me feel like I should be embarrassed.  For some reason, I don’t think I like Joe as much as I did when I met him on the front lawn.  He’s still hot as hell and has those eyes that make you wanna melt, but I don’t know how I’m going to survive this project with him.
“Let me see yours,” he says as he takes my notebook off the table with a smile.
Joe’s Unique Facts:
1. Scares easily
2. Grew up with his parents, but moved in with 
his grandparents his Sr. year.
3. Has played lacrosse since he was 5, but his 
first love was golf
4. Can do a toe touch
5.  Made straight A’s his entire high school 
career (must be nice)
6. 
7.
8.
9.
10.
He places my notebook back onto the table.  I can see that he is trying to read what I’m thinking.
“Well, enough of this class stuff, Charley.  Are y’all going to Hank’s tomorrow?”
“I do believe so.  In fact, the Kluft girls are going shopping this afternoon,” I say with confidence.
“Nice. I can’t wait to see what you decide to wear.”
We pack up our stuff and part ways.  I’m ready to hit the mall.  I need some retail therapy after that conversation.  I wait for all the girls to get back from class. We ditch the café for lunch and decide that Bojangles’ is in order.  Anna looks at us like we have lost our mind, but Tori, Caroline, Georgia, and I all know that she is going to fall in love.  There is just something about those seasoned fries!
We arrive at the Mills and decide to check out Charlotte Russe.  I have only been in here a few times.  As I begin perusing the store, I see a few things I like, but nothing that really hits my fancy.  We go by Wet Seal, Forever 21, and The Body Shop.
“I gotta question.  So, Hank’s is like a redneck bar turned ghetto fabulous on Saturday nights?  What the heck are we suppose to wear? I mean, I’m just confused.”
Everyone stops and looks at me.
“What?!” I say with a shrug.
“I know exactly what you’re saying.  Let’s go back into Charlotte Russe. I saw something that was totally hot and looked like you,” Caroline says as she grabs my arm and pulls me that way.
Caroline is right.  The perfect outfit is there.  A pair of cream colored lace shorts with a little fringe on the ends and a denim polka dot peplum top.  It is perfect.  I am comfortable, look great, but still look like me.  I knew from the get-go that a skirt was out of the question.
When we return to campus, things are rowdy.  People are on the stoop drinking.  We are completely exhausted from practice. We decide to watch Safe Haven and call it an early night.
I wake up Saturday morning to my phone vibrating like crazy.  I have five missed texts from Tessa, seven from Cash, and two missed calls from Mama.  She knows.
After reading all the texts, I decide that I have to face the music.  I call Mama.
“Hey, Mama.  Sorry I left my phone on vibrate last night.”
“Hey, sweet girl!  So, how’s life?”
“Really good, Mama.  Um, I wanna tell you something. Please don’t be mad, but I joined the swim team here, and Cash brought me my bag this week.”
“Charley, you can’t hide things from your mama.  I knew the minute Tessa started doing all her chores without being told that you girls had a secret.  Then Cash stopped by Wednesday night asking your dad some random question.  I thought that you wanted to put that in the past, but if this is what makes you happy, then I’ll support you.  I have one condition though.”
“What’s that?”
“Check the schedule and make sure that Montgomery University is not competing against you.  If so, you can’t do this.  I won’t let you get near Dylan again.  As a mother, I have to protect you.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“The word from Tessa is that Cash is back in your life.”
“Mama!  Well, I really don’t know what we are, but you know as well as I do that I’ve always loved that boy.”
“I’m happy for you.  Well, sweet girl.  I gotta get going. I got three apple cobblers to get to the church’s bake sale.  Take care and I love you.”
“Love you too, Mama.”
I need to get outside for a little while.  I grab a pair of athletic shorts, tank, and running shoes.  I’ve got to do something today or my body will be dead by the end of the week.  I grab my iPhone, running station, and head down the stairs.  I decide to make a loop around campus and then see where I go.  I notice a trail, take it, and after about thirty minutes, I end up back at the dorm.  I’m drenched in sweat, but feel fabulous.  I’m in such a good mood.  I decide to get ready and read a good book on the lawn.  Heck, I might even have some of that famous Kool-Aid after lunch. 
I spend the rest of the afternoon hanging out with the Kluft girls.  We agree that we deserve a meal out.  We all ride in Tori’s Explorer to Sagebrush.  I can’t wait for a steak!  We have the best time at supper.  We laugh, Caroline flirts with the bartender and gets herself a free drink (underage I might add), and we head back to campus.
We can hear the music blaring before we get upstairs.  Jenny has it blasting.  We all enter the hall and start busting moves.  Caroline gets some of her famous Kool-Aid, and everyone but me decides to partake.  I’m unsure of Hank’s Tavern, and I want to be fully aware of my surroundings.  I know that if I drink too much, Cash won’t be there to save me, or better yet, I might mess things up with him again.
We eventually make our way to our rooms and begin to get ready.  Before I do, I decide to call Cash.
“Hey, Cash.  Whatcha up to?”
“Ah, I’m just fixin’ to go down to the pool hall for a little while.  Tessa said she and her friends were going, and she wanted to know if I would go with her.  I think she gets nervous there.”
“Well, that is super sweet of you, Cash.  I appreciate it.  If I was there, I’d kiss you right now.”
“Char, you can’t say stuff like that and not be home.  It has me wanting to get in my truck, break every speed limit law, and make you prove it.”
“Oh, that would be nice, but I’ll make it well worth your wait if you take care of my sister.”
“So, what are y'all doing tonight?”
“We are going to this place called Hank’s Tavern.  It’s like redneck turns ghetto fabulous on Saturday nights.  We’re going to check it out.  I even got a new outfit!”
“You have got to take a pic for me, but Charley, promise me that you will be careful.  I’m not there, remember.”
“I will, and just so you know, I’m never taking off the necklace.  I guess I gotta get ready.  I’ll text you soon. Love you, Cash Money.”
“Love you, too.”
I stop for a minute to take in everything—college, swimming, and Cash.  I feel like this is a fairytale.   Once I have my moment, I decide to get ready.  I take the new clothes out of the Charlotte Russe bag, remove the tags, fix my makeup, hair, and grab my boots.  I can tell this is going to be a great night.  I look at myself in the mirror and approve.  Then I take out my phone and text Cash a pic.  He’s my anchor; I need him even when the storms are rough, but I crave him more when the sea is calm.
Cash: Hot damn woman! UR killin me here!  Be 
careful, have fun, and text me when you get in 
tonight love u
Me: Will do $ Love u 2
As eleven o’clock approaches, everyone on the hall finishes their final touches.  I take one last look and wish Cash were here.  I just love dancing with that boy.  I double check my wallet, making sure I have my ID, even though I’m unsure how it is going to get me in.
I walk into the hall, and Tori throws me her keys.  I guess I’m DD tonight, and that is fine by me.
“Hey, y’all.  Crystal texted me, and Lucas told her for us just to take our school ID.  It will get us in! Eeekk! I’m so excited!” Caroline exclaims.
I go back to my room, grab my school ID, license, and a few bucks.  I decide to ditch the purse and just use my pocket.
We all pile into the Explorer and take the short trip to Hank’s.  Georgia is drunk as a skunk, and it is hilarious.  She’s singing every word to Snoop Dogg.  I just never pictured a 4’11’’ country talkin’ girl from Alabama rapping.  I guess that is what happens when you assume.
There is an old wooden sign that is barely legible on the left side of the highway. It looks like it has been there for fifty years.  We make a few quick turns, and there it is. Hank’s Tavern.  It’s a party in the middle of nowhere.  Something about this makes me feel like home.
As we make our way to the door, Georgia slips on the gravel.  She starts laughing, and the rest of us do as well, once we help her up.  
“Y’all, I think the ground and curbs are out to get me.  I mean, they come out of nowhere.  The next thing I know, I’m on my ass again!”  Georgia is a hoot.  She always makes light of situations.
Hank’s Tavern is not exactly what I pictured.  It’s an old, worn-down, wooden shed.  There are five parking spaces in front of the restaurant section of the place.  The rest of the parking is located across the road in a gravel lot.  It’s gravel, no pavement anywhere.  The bouncers are dressed in jeans and Hank’s Tavern t-shirts that fit just a little snug around their arms showing off their muscles.  They ask for our IDs, take a brief glance, and in we go.  I will have to say; the guys don’t get in quite as easy.  They get patted down and driver’s license checked.  Sometimes it pays to be a female.
We enter through another set of glass doors and immediately cigarette smoke and stale beer hit my nostrils.  The room is open except for a few pool tables and the bar.  It is dark, lights are flashing, and the music is bumping.  We do exactly what any group of girls would do, walk straight to the restroom.  You have got to kidding me!  No door, really?  There is no freakin’ door on the last stall.  After taking a few minutes to get over the negative stall door and freshen up, we walk out and head straight to the dance floor.
I have to say that this is exactly where redneck meets ghetto fabulous.  Who would have thought a place like this would play Mystikal, Dr. Dre, Lil Wayne, throw in a little “Downtown” by Lady A, and Old Crow Medicine Show?  We have the best time just dancing in a big group.  I notice Crystal and Lucas on the floor; she smiles and waves before continuing to do things she should be embarrassed to be doing in public.  I am so thankful that I don’t have to deal with that in my room.  That is one benefit to her dating a Resident Assistant… he has his own room.
By midnight, Hank’s is packed.  I decide to grab a bottle of water, and as I’m about to pay, I hear that oh-so-sexy voice.
“I got that.” 
“It’s okay, Joe.  I got it.”
“No, I insist.  I was an ass earlier.  I didn’t mean to make you feel bad.  It’s the least I can do.”
“Damn straight!  I’m proud of who I am and where I’m from.  I just hate when damn Yankees come down here and then try to make us look like hicks.  You don’t like the way we live, then don’t cross the Mason-Dixon,” I say as playful as possible.  It did tick me off earlier, but I don’t want him to think I’m a bitch.
“I swear I won’t do it again, and nobody is gonna pick on you eating squirrel but me,” he says with a smile.
“Okay, I’ll give ya that.”
“So, Squirrel, you wanna dance?”
“Mr. Scaredy Cat, I’d love to.”  He takes the water bottle from me and leads me to the dance floor.
About the time we get to the floor, I hear “Mirrors” by Justin Timberlake begin to bleed through the speakers.  I sure do love some JT!  Joe and I make it to the dance floor.   I notice all the baseball players didn’t dress up for this event because they are wearing sweats.  Joe takes my hands, entwining our fingers, and pulls me closer to him.  We move back and forth.  I do my best to keep my body at a distance, but it is almost impossible.  The way he moves, the firmness of his body near mine, and the way my body is reacting to him is almost scary.  He is so sure of himself.
As if he is reading my mind, he turns me around to where my ass is now at his other brain.  I think it’s time to have a little fun.  I know it’s a sign when I hear “To the windows, to the walls”. When I know the chorus is about to start, I get ready.  I’m about to show him what this country girl is made of.  I bend over to the floor and touch my toes just like the song says. When I do, I know I have him because that second brain of his is at full attention.
As the song ends, I decide I better break up this party before it has time to get started.  I turn to walk to the Kluft girls who are still dancing.  He grabs my hand and pulls me back to him.
“Not so fast, Squirrel.  You can’t leave me after that number.”
I just smirk and walk back to my friends.  We all continue dancin’ and I know I’m about to get the third degree.
“Shit, Char.  You should have seen his face when you did that.  I thought he was gonna explode right there!”  Anna says.
“Well, he ticked me off earlier today, so I thought it would be fun to leave him with a different impression.”
“You are so bad! I love it!” Anna states.
We finish the night dancing with whomever and whatever comes our way.  We laugh at the old redneck guy with no teeth that Anna is trying to fend off.  It’s so funny we can’t even help her.  Finally, one of Lucas’ friends comes to her rescue.  Georgia finds a guy named Donte, and her hips don’t leave his all night long.  They are like a boat riding the waves.  Tori, Caroline, and I have fun dancing, and then I feel that hot, muscular, surfer body behind me. Joe.  
Joe and I dance the remainder of the night.  We laugh and just have a great time dancing.  As closing time approaches, you can almost feel all the hormones raging as they begin to play a little Marvin Gaye, “Let’s Get it On.”  I try to make my way off the floor, but before I can, Joe pulls me into a tight embrace.  I have no choice but to put my arms around his neck, my head on his chest, and enjoy this last song with him.  I start to giggle as Joe begins to sing when the chorus comes through the speakers.  I pull back and sing with him. I am completely focused on him as we stare into each other’s eyes.  As the song ends, the DJ makes the announcement, “Y’all, it’s that time.  You ain’t gotta go home, but you gotta get the hell up outta here!  Same place, same time next Saturday night.”
As we distance ourselves from each other, Joe looks at me and smiles.  I walk across the floor to round up the girls.  That’s what happens when you’re DD for the night.  You end up being everybody’s mama.
We walk across the road to the Explorer.  I make sure everyone is accounted for and then back to Southern we go. We don’t get far before I see blue lights ahead.  Dang. Road block.
“Hey, y’all.  Make sure you got your seatbelts on and got some sense.”
We get through the license check like it’s a piece of cake.  As I’m about to turn right to get to campus, I hear Tori.  “I’m starved!  I need a Servco hotdog!”
Of course, all the drunk girls agree.  So, where do we go? The Servco gas station.  I get queasy just thinking about those hotdogs and realize anything must taste better drunk.  
After what feels like an eternity, we finally make it back to Southern.  We begin to walk toward Kluft when I hear my name.
“Squirrel, hold up!”
I don’t need to turn around to know that it is Joe, but I do anyway. He jogs to catch up with me.  Damn, he’s fine.  He has a smile plastered all over his face.
“So, I just wanted to let you know I added another unique fact to my list.”
“Oh, really?  What’s that?”  I smirk.
“You can bend over to the floor and touch your toes,” he says playfully.  “No, really Charley, you can dance your ass off.  It’s going on the list.  If all country girls dance like that, then I’m gonna die and go to country girl heaven!”
“You ain’t right!  I just love to dance.  Always have and always will.  You ain’t so bad yourself, ya know?! In fact, I don’t know what I would have done if I hadn’t danced with you all night.  I’d probably ended up with the toothless guy that was all over Anna.”
“I think it’s a safe bet to say you wouldn’t have been alone.  I’m just glad I got you out there first.”
Joe and I continue to walk to Kluft.  As we approach the door, he stops, turns to me and looks me in the eyes.  Oh, those make ya wanna melt eyes.  
“Guess I’ll see you Monday in class?” I ask quietly.
“Yeah, I guess so.”
He moves toward me, puts his hand on my chin, pulls my lips to his, and gives me one soft kiss.  I have so many thoughts going through my brain, and the biggest one of all involves a boy I call Cash Money.
“Um, Joe.  I gotta go.”  I haul ass upstairs straight to my room.  I’m alone as usual and make the text to Cash because I know he is waiting.
Me: I’m safe & sound 
Cash: Good, Had fun at the hall
Me: Great! Talk to you tomorrow love u
Cash: Love u 2

Chapter 7: 18th Birthday
Joe and I keep our talking to a minimum in Freshman Seminar on Monday.  I don’t exactly know what he’s thinking, but I know what’s on my mind.  I like everything about him.  His fine ass body, his dance moves, his voice, his smile, his crystal blue eyes, and the way he makes me feel.  I also know how I feel about Cash.  He’s my rock, anchor, always there no matter what, knows the good, bad, and ugly, loves me unconditionally, and has always been the country boy in my little country fairytale. 
As I’m pondering my thoughts, I hear Joe.  “Hey, Squirrel, you okay?  You seem like something’s on your mind.”  I shrug my shoulders.  I know that I decided to take things slow with Cash, but I also want to live my life here.  I think the living here is going to include Joe.  I don’t want to be one of those girls who leads guys on.  They always pissed me off when I was in high school. 
“I’m okay.  Just got some stuff to think about.”
“Well, I’m here if you need to talk.  I mean, I hope it’s not me.”
How do I ignore that comment?  I try to shrug it off and change the subject, but that doesn’t happen.  As class ends, Joe makes sure to get my attention.  I know that he has something to ask.
“So, Squirrel, we had a great time at Hank’s. Are you all going again this week?”
“Yeah, we did have a great time.  I’m not really sure about the plans for this weekend.  That’s too far out. My birthday is Friday though, and we’re planning to have a party on the hall.  You should come.”
“I think I might have to take you up on that.”
As we walk across campus, I decide to put what’s on my mind out there.
“Joe, I do have something I need to talk to you about.”  I want to tell him what is going on, but I know I can’t share that with him.  He just needs to know what to expect from me, or rather, what not to expect.
“Oh, okay.  You wanna go somewhere?  We could grab a bite to eat somewhere off campus if you want.”
“Um, maybe let’s just walk and talk.  I found a nice trail the other day when I ran.”
“Oh.”  I can hear and see the disappointment.
We make our way to the trail after stopping to drop our books off in my dorm room.
“What is it you need to talk about?”
“Joe, I just need to be upfront with you.  Do you remember when I met you at the soccer party?” He nods.  “Well, there’s a lot you don’t know about me and where I come from.  A lot of it I don’t want to talk about, but I don’t want to give you the wrong impression either.  I had so much fun with you Saturday and at the party, but I just want to enjoy college.  I just don’t want you to think that I’m leading you on in anyway.”
We walk a few minutes before Joe speaks. “Since the day I saw you at that god awful freshman get-to-know-you activity, I wanted to know you more.  I don’t know what you have been through, but I can see a strong person inside.  I just have one question.  Is there someone else?  I’m not saying I want us to be an item; I just want to know.”
“Yes,” I manage to say.  I walk with my hands in my pockets.  I’m unsure if I should elaborate.  After what feels like forever, I finally decide to tell him about Cash.
“Can we sit a minute?” I point to a fallen down tree trunk.
“Sure.”
“I’ve mentioned my best friend Cash.  He has been there for me through a lot of shit.  I’ve loved him my entire life, even when I wouldn’t admit it.  I don’t know what will happen between us now that I am not home.  I just need you to know he’s still in the picture.”
“Okay, so what does that mean while you’re here? Are you off the market or fair game?”  I give him a puzzled look.  “I didn’t mean it like you were a piece of meat.  I just want to know if I have a chance.”
“This is what I know.  I want to be independent.  I have a lot of baggage, which I will not explain to you.  I left Grassy Pond to discover who I am. I have no idea what will happen along the way.” I take a deep breath and pause. “I just didn’t want to hide that from you.”
“Charley, that says a lot about you.  Most girls would have done what they wanted to regardless of who they hurt.  You are different.  I don’t know what happened at home and it doesn’t include me, but I do want to get to know you.”
We stand up from the log, and Joe pulls me in for a hug.  I feel like a ton of bricks has been lifted off me, well, at least half a ton.  The other half will lift when I talk to Cash.
On the way back, we discuss practice, the lacrosse game, swimming, and my party.
“So, what do you want for your birthday?”
“Not a thing.  I just want to hang out with my friends and live it up.”
Once we return to my dorm room, Joe grabs his bag and leaves to get ready for practice.  I know I need to talk to Cash, but I’m sure he’s busy on the farm.  I have to be honest with him.  I know that I love him, but it’s time to have some fun.
After practice, I decide to call Cash.  I go to my room and say a little prayer.  I don’t want to hurt him.  I know he feels what I do for him, but he also understands why I came to Southern.  I pick up the phone and call him.  Before the phone even finishes the first ring, I hear Cash Money.
“Hey, Char-coal!  What are you up to?”
“Just finished practice and thought I’d see what you were doing.”
“You miss me, huh?”  he states with such confidence.
“But of course!  Everything okay at home?”
“Yeah, so what do you really have on your mind?  I know you, Char, remember?”
“Gah, I can’t get anything by you.  Well, I just needed to hear your voice and talk to you about us.”
Cash gets really quiet.  It sounds like he’s moving around.
“Hold on Charley, let me get where we can talk.”
I can hear the TV in the background and the screen door slam.  I know exactly where he’s going. Toward the club.
“You going to the club, Cash?”
“I thought about it, but I think I’ll just sit at the truck.” 
I love that truck.  It is the perfect way to draw any country girl to a country boy, let alone some of the fun we have had in it.  I pull myself from my thoughts.
“Okay, Charley.  What are you thinking?”
“I’m having so much fun here.  I’ve really started to just be me, but I wanted to tell you one other thing.”
Before I can start my sentence, Cash completes it for me.
“There’s a guy, huh?”
“I’m not sure.”
“You’re not sure that he’s a guy, or that you like him?” he asks, laughing.
“Cash, you always make light of everything.  I just needed to talk to you.  You know I love you.  I’ve always loved you, and after I left Hooters, I thought there could be no one but you.  But, I just want to have fun.  I don’t want to be tied down to one person right now.  Does that make any sense?”
“It does, and I already knew that this was bound to happen.  You’re there, and I’m home.  I want you to experience college, which is why I’m not pushing us.  I’m here for you no matter where I am.”
“So, what do we do?  I mean, are things okay with us?”  My heart is in my throat.
“I tell you what.  Have fun and experience college, but be careful.  I can’t say that enough.  I’ll do the same here.  Charley, I love you.  Let me ask you this. What would happen if I went out with someone else?  How would you feel?”
I stop before I can even speak.  Did he really just ask that?  That hadn’t crossed my mind.  I think I just might be sick.
“I guess I’d have to be okay with it.”  I know that I wouldn’t be fine with it.
“So, Char, let’s do this.  Let’s both experience life and see what happens.  I’m not saying I’m going to look for someone, but let’s just have fun.  When you come home next weekend, let’s talk about it in person.”
“Okay, but regardless, I do love you, Cash.”
“And I love you too, Char-coal.”
We hang up the phone, and I take a deep breath.  I know I want to have fun, but if Cash meets someone else, it will be the end of me.  I know it’s a double standard, but I don’t care.  I want my cake and eat it, too!
I try to take the remainder of the week to focus on practice, class, and my birthday.  I can’t believe that I am almost eighteen.  All the girls on the hall have been going overboard planning my party.  I honestly think that it is just an excuse to dress cute, drink, dance, and have fun.  I’m game.
I wake up Friday morning to find my door has been abused by toilet paper, shaving cream, and all the decorations a college kid can find in their closets.  I go to practice, and when it’s over, I get ready for my lovely 8 a.m. Bio class.  On my way to class, my phone blares “Crash My Party”. Cash.  I answer to the rich, warm voice singing in the phone.
“Happy Birthday to you!  Happy Birthday to you!  Happy Birthday, dear Char-coal!  Happy Birthday to you!”
“Well, if that isn’t a way to start my mornin’!  Thanks, Cash.  I love you!  I knew you wouldn’t forget!”
“Ain’t no way in hell I’m missin’ your eighteenth birthday.  How’s the party gonna be tonight?”
“Well, for starters they decorated my door after I went to sleep last night, and all the girls are going crazy with outfits, decorating, and drinks.  They have tried to be discrete, but they are so obvious.  I think we are going out for supper tonight.”
“That sounds like fun.  I hate I’m going to miss it.  You know, this is the first birthday that we aren’t going fishin’ and hanging out at the club?  I guess we can do that next weekend, huh?”
“You bet!  I gotta get to class. Thanks, Cash, for not forgetting.”
“I’ll never forget you Charley, never.  I love you, too.”
After Bio, I meet Joe at the picnic table as usual to work on our project.  He has added one more to his list. I gotta catch up
Unique facts about Charley:
1. She lives on a farm
2. She set 3 records at her school in swimming, all state, and didn’t want to swim in college (weird)
3. Eats roadkill unique animals (squirrel, opossum, deer, goose, and turkey)
4. Goes hunting, fishing, and cleans everything she catches
5. Enjoys being outdoors
6. Has used the same pair of goggles for 4 years
7. Best friend is Cash and she calls him Cash Money
8. Flip flops or Ariat boots are her preferred 
type of shoes
9.That girl got moves!
10.
As I finish reading the list, I look up and realize that Joe is sitting there with a hot pink envelope.
“Happy Birthday, Squirrel.  I know you said you didn’t want anything, but I just couldn’t resist.”
I take the envelope and open what I think is a card.  That’s when two tickets fall out, and I realize it’s not just a card.  It’s a piece of construction paper with cutout letters that read:
Happy Birthday Squirrel! We’re going to the zoo!
I grin from ear to ear.  I freakin’ <3 the zoo!  All those animals!  I just want to take them all home to the farm!
“I take it that you like it?!” Joe says quietly.
“I love it!  Thank you so much, Joe, but you didn’t have to do this.”
“See, this is where you are wrong.  I know you love animals, even though you eat strange ones for dinner.  I also know that you love the farm and taking care of the animals.  I thought what a great way to surprise you for your birthday and Freshman Seminar.”
“Oh, I get it.  Kill two birds with one stone, huh?”
“No, it’s not like that, but the more I thought about it, I figured it would work both ways. So, I guess I kind…uh…yeah…it was kinda like that.”
He is too cute when he gets caught off guard.
“When is this trip?”
 “Well, I was thinking maybe we could go tomorrow?”
“Awesome!  Thanks, Joe!”
“No prob.  Hey, we gotta game this afternoon.  You should come check it out.”
“We’ll see.  Honestly, I don’t even know what the hell lacrosse is?”
“Seriously?”
“Never even heard of it till I got here.  I know the basic sports—football, baseball, soccer, golf, swimming, but never heard of lacrosse.”
“You’ve gotta come.  The game starts at three and bring the Kluft girls,” he says with a wink.
I’m not going anywhere without them, and he knows it.
We finish what we can of the project before going our separate ways.
As I walk down the hall, I see the entire hallway is now decorated.  There are streamers and balloons everywhere.  I spy Tori and Georgia at the end of the hall finishing up.
“What are y’all up to?”  I holler at them.
“Ya know, getting ready for an awesome Kluft second floor par-tay!” Tori says.
“Well, I can’t wait.  Hey, y’all wanna go to the lacrosse game this afternoon?”
“Sure, I haven’t ever seen one of those before,” Georgia states.
“Girl, I’m with ya.  Joe asked if I would go to the game.  I don’t even know what to expect.”
“Okay, let me give ya a little quick lesson.  There are two teams.” Georgia and I look at Tori like we aren’t complete idiots.  “Each team uses sticks to pass a ball down the field.  The goal is to score into a goal.  It’s kinda like soccer in a way, but not really.”
“You made that about as clear as mud, Tori,” I say before walking into my room.
Mama, Dad, and Tessa call to wish me a happy birthday.  Mama said to make sure I check my mail today.  I don’t know why I hadn’t even thought about that.  I’m also starting to wonder why I haven’t heard from Piper today.  It’s not like her to forget my birthday.  Wonder what’s up with her?  I’m not sure if I have enough time between now and the lacrosse game to check my mailbox, so I decide to wait until after the game.
I take a few minutes to freshen up before going to the lacrosse field with the Kluft girls.  We find a seat on the bleachers, and that is when I notice the goalie. There isn’t but one person that looks that good on campus.  His name is none other than Jackalope Joe.  He looks my direction and waves his stick. 
The game is pretty neat.  I just can’t believe I haven’t heard of this sport before. It’s like football meets soccer.  I love the players’ uniforms. The guys are padded on top, and we all get a good look at their asses in those shorts. 
The game is an easy win.  We stand around a few minutes then begin to walk back to the dorm.  As we are walking, I remember that I need to go check the mail.  I’m betting there is an awesome present in there.
“Y’all, I gotta go check the mail.  I’ll meet you in a few.  K?”
“I’ll go with ya,” Georgia says and off to the post office we go.
The post office is very small.  I have my little key, but see that there is a note to see the postmaster.  I also notice some junk mail and a few envelopes.  I’m thinking my grandma has sent me some moo-la-lee. Yes!
I give the note to the postmaster, and she comes back with a huge box.  I thank her, and Georgia and I stop outside to throw away the junk mail.  I glance at the envelopes, and that is when my heart stops.  I know that handwriting beyond the shadow of any doubt.  I feel every ounce of my being shake, and I don’t know how to move, respond, or even what to do next.  It’s from Dylan.
“Charley, girl, are you okay?  I think you might want to sit down for a minute.  You don’t look so good.”  She guides me to the steps, and we sit down.
“I have no clue what was in the mail, but I know it’s something because of this.”  She motions up and down my body.
“I…I… don’t know if I can talk about it.”
“If you don’t, that’s okay, but I’m here if you need me.  I promise your secrets are safe with me.  Do you want me to get rid of it?”
“Um, I better keep it.  I’m just not going to open it until later.  I’m not going to let it ruin my day.”
As I’m trying to get myself ready to walk back to the dorm room, Georgia spots the name on the envelope.
“Does that say Dylan Sloan?” Oh shit, this isn’t good.  Of course, Georgia would know the name.  I nod my head.
“You know Dylan Sloan?  He’s like the best butterflyer out there!”  I can hear the excitement in her voice, and then she realizes that my mood isn’t changing.
“Yeah, let’s not talk about him.  He’s a real ass.”  I pull myself together, and we walk back to the dorm.  I can tell the wheels are turning in Georgia’s head.
“Charley, I won’t say anything. I promise.  I don’t know what happened and it’s none of my business, but I’m here if you want to talk about it or if I need to get rid of that for you.”
“Thanks, I’ll be all right.”
After all this mess, I decide to text Piper.  This is just weird; she hasn’t called or texted.
Me: Hellloooo long lost bff! R u alive?
Seriously! WTF?  Ten minutes and nodda.  I still haven’t heard from her.  I grab my shower caddy and decide to get this party started.  It’s time to forget about the envelope hidden in my closet.
As I’m walking out of the shower, I notice that my door is open.  Weird?  Jenny is across the hall and just shrugs her shoulders.  I’m assuming that Crystal is coming in to pack her bag for the next week at Lucas’.  I open the door, hear a squeal, and almost get attacked! The squeal lets me know it’s Piper.
 “About damn time you got outta that shower!  I was about to keep driving to Grassy Pond.”
“You better be glad your ass showed up!  I was starting to think you forgot about me with your new Army brat roommate,” I say with my hands on my hips, holding my bath caddy.
 “You know I couldn’t forget this day!  You only turn eighteen once!  By the way, I’m totally shocked that Cash hasn’t shown up yet.  Y’all are like inseparable on days like today!”
“He called me first thing this morning.  I knew he wouldn’t forget.” I am grinning from ear to ear.  “We’re doing our usual next weekend when I go home for the Dixon-West game.
“Sure ya are!” she says with a smirk.
“I told you we’re taking it slow.  In fact, we’ve agreed to just live our lives.  See what happens.  I love him, but I like Joe, too.  Oh, you’ll meet him after while.”
I get dressed in a pair of white skinny jeans, emerald green tube top with gold accents around the neck and a pair of gold flat sandals.  I roll my hair and let the curls hang loosely and add a few accessories. I know I need to introduce Piper to the hall.  I also feel like I should tell her about the envelope.  She knows what happened. Well, most of it.  I just don’t think I need to bring it up.  I’ll deal with it soon enough.
I introduce Piper to the Kluft girls, and we decide to eat at Texas Roadhouse at the Mills.  We all look smoking hot, and we have the cutest waiter.  I order my favorite, steak and double salad.  That ranch dressing is ah-maz-ing!  Of course, they embarrass the hell outta me by singing, but it’s okay. That means free dessert!
We arrive on campus with leftovers and smiles.  I absolutely love these girls.  I can’t imagine Southern without them. 
We all take a minute to check the mirror before finishing setting up for the party. Jenny turns on the music in her room.  I sure hope we don’t get written up for this because our RA can be a bitch.  We’ve noticed that she hasn’t been around a lot, which is a great thing, especially tonight. 
Around 10 p.m., people start to show up on our floor.  All our dorm rooms are wide open.  Caroline is hiding the alcohol in hers, Jenny and Cassie are in charge of the music, and all the other girls have their doors open and ready to shut it down quickly if the campus police show up.
We all take our red Solo cups and drink a little bit of Caroline’s PJ.  I decide to let my hair down tonight.  I’m safe in my dorm with my best friend and a group of girls who have my back.
Everyone is enjoying the music, dancing, and drinking.  In fact, I think we might have a miniature Hank’s Tavern on our hands.  Piper has found a guy to eye.  We finish our drink before she makes her move on him.  I turn to get a refill when I hear someone whistle.
“Damn, Squirrel!  I think it should be happy birthday to me instead of you!”  Joe says as he moves into Caroline’s room to get some PJ as well.
“I try. What can I say?  Lookin’ this good takes work.” I wink at him.
“No so fast.  I think that I need to give you one more birthday present.”  I look at him like he has got to be kidding.
He closes the space between us, takes my drink from my hand and lays both of our cups onto the table.  Then he places his hand on my cheek, smiles a wry grin and proceeds to act like he is going to kiss me. I am totally caught off guard by a hand slapping my ass.  I jump outta my skin and scream.
Joe is bent over laughing, “Squirrel, everyone needs a good birthday spanking!”
I honestly think I could crawl in a hole and die!  Here I was thinking about getting a kiss, but I get a big ol’ handprint on my ass instead.
“You were just lookin’ for an excuse to touch my ass!”  I say as smart ass as possible with my arms crossed.
“Maybe, and maybe you thought I was gonna give you a birthday kiss instead?!”  He grabs our cups, hands mine to me, turns and walks back into the hallway.  I am left standing there like a freakin’ idiot.
The party is a hit.  I think that the Kluft second floor girls have made a name for themselves.  We decide to quiet down about 12:30 ‘cause we sure don’t want to deal with the Dean.  Piper has decided to venture off with Nick, one of Lucas’ friends.  I know she won’t be gone all night.  She’s not one of those girls.
Joe and I have talked on and off all night.  Our conversations are so easy.   I don’t know if it’s the PJ or just us, but I really want him to stay a little longer.
“Hey, Joe.  You can hang out if you want.  I’m just gonna try to chill out a little before going to bed.  We got a big day tomorrow at the zoo, ya know!”
“I’d be glad to.  I can’t wait for tomorrow.  What’s your favorite animal?”
“That’s easy.  The elephants!  I just love them.”
“Squirrel, I hate to tell ya, but those are some ugly creatures.  Personally, I like to see the tigers.”
“Oh, that’s original.  I totally pegged you for a tiger-lion type guy.”
We sit on my bed and watch a little TV. Before I know what is going on, I’m lying on his shoulder with my eyes feeling heavy.  That is when he pulls me into his arm, and I doze off.  I wake to him positioning me on the bed.  He kisses my forehead and whispers to me, “I’ll see you at nine.”  He brushes my hair out of my face, turns out the light, and goes to his dorm. Such a gentleman.

Chapter 8: Dixon-West Game
I wake up feeling like I’m in a fog from last night’s events.  I guess that is what happens when you let loose and drink Caroline’s famous PJ.  I glance at my phone. 6:45 a.m.  I also realize that Piper is asleep on Crystal’s bed.  Wonder when she came in?  I still have time left to sleep before going to the zoo.  I set my alarm for 7:30 a.m. and roll back over.
At 7:30 a.m., there is that god awful noise again. As I jump out of bed, Piper mumbles something. I then head to the shower.  I’m super excited about the trip to the zoo with Joe.  This is a great birthday present and a way to knock one more item off the Freshman Seminar list.
When I return to my room, Piper is getting ready and packing her bag.  I really hate that she’s leaving so soon.
“Pipe, I wish I had known you were coming.  I can cancel the zoo trip if you want.”
“Nah, girlie. I need to get back to the beach anyways.  I just couldn’t miss your birthday.”
“Well, I can call Joe and cancel.  You could go to Hank’s tonight with us.  You’d feel like you were at home.”
“Don’t cancel.  I can tell he really likes you.  I’ll plan a weekend trip soon.  You still going to the Dixon-West game Friday?”
“I’d planned on it.  Are you?”  I look at Piper after pulling my tank over my head.
“I’m not sure, depends on what’s going on.  It’s so far.  I mean, I’d love to hang out with everyone.  I want to see if Cash planned to go ‘cause if so I’ll probably stay at school.”
“Oh.”
“Charley, if you really want me to I will, but I figure you and Cash will need some alone time.  I just want to make sure he will be there in case Dylan shows up.”
The sound of his name makes me want to puke.  I must have gone a little white in the face because Piper is pulling me into a hug.
“You okay?”
“Yup.” I debate telling her about the envelope.  I vote to keep that to myself for now and take it home next weekend.  Cash and I can deal with it together.
Piper waits for me to finish getting ready, and then I walk her out to her car.  I hug her and feel like I could cry.  I’m not sure if it’s the envelope, her leaving, or her not coming home next weekend.  I just feel like we’re pulling apart, but isn’t that what college is about? Discovering who you are and moving forward?   I just hope that Piper and I can stay as close as we have always been.
I go back to my room and text Cash.  I want to tell him about my party.
Me: Morning $!
Cash:  Hey Char-coal! How was party?
Me: Fantastic & Piper was here!
Cash: :)
Me: U ass! U knew!
Cash: Y do u think I didn’t show up? If she hadn’t I would have been there instead!  Didn’t want 2 ruin girl time
Me: That would have been k 2 :)  I’m going to zoo 2day
Cash: Really? Fun w who?
Me: Joe it’s my bday present & part of that pass/fail project
Cash: K, I don’t like it but I know u <3 those stinkin elephants! Be careful
Me: U know me 2 good!  I’ll send ya a pic of those stinkin elephants
About that time, I hear a knock on my door.  I open it, and Joe is standing there looking sexy as hell in an aqua Lacoste tee and pair of white Bermuda shorts.  His hair looks a little messier than normal, but perfect nonetheless.  I invite him in, grab my purse, phone, and send one final text to Cash.
Me: He’s here, gotta go ttyl love u
Cash: Love u 2 :)
I have to admit; I feel bad for texting Cash with Joe in the room, but I shouldn’t.  They both know about each other, and I have nothing to hide.  We walk to Joe’s Jeep Wrangler.  This is totally his style.  The top is already down, and I’m glad I decided to wear my hair up today.  He opens the door for me then jogs around to the other side and off to the zoo we go.
Our ride there is relatively quiet.  We arrive and walk straight in.  We start at the birds and continue to work our way around the zoo.  I am in hog heaven.  When I see the sign for the elephants, I point and Joe just laughs.
There are four elephants when we get there.  I just love to look at them.  Yes, they aren’t the most beautiful creatures, but I’ve loved them since the first time I watched Dumbo.  Joe goes to the food machine and brings some elephant food over to me.  I place my hand out and feed Zoe.  She is the smallest one out here.
“Joe, you gotta get a pic of her and me!  We can use that for class!”  I hand him my iPhone and smile purdy.  I finish feeding her and rub her cheek one final time before we move on.
“Joe, Tony the tiger’s coming up.”  I laugh.
“How do you know his name is Tony?  It could be Zeus you know!”
“Well, just a hunch ‘cause that is what the map says. See.”  I show him.  Joe puts his hand on the small of my back.  I look up at him and smile. 
“Come on, Charley. Let’s go see Tony the tiger.”
“You hate it when I’m right, huh?”
“Nah, it’s cute, but nothing can compare to you and Zoe.  I can totally see you working with animals.”
“Well, I hate to burst you bubble, but I’ve been around animals all my life.  I figure I’ll be back at the farm in four years working for my dad if I tell the truth.”
“Why’s that?  You don’t want to live somewhere else?”
“I just always thought that’s what I’m supposed to do.  I love our farm.  I’m actually studying business at Southern so I can take over the bookkeeping for my parents.”
“That’s great that you know what you want to do, but what if you decided to stay here or go to a different city?”
“I don’t see that in my future.  I need my family, Joe.  I can’t just leave them.  I can promise you that my sis Tessa isn’t going to take over.  She barely does her chores now.”
Joe takes me into the gift shop before leaving.  We’ve had a great day.  There is a stuffed elephant.  He grabs it and puts it on the counter.  I look and see a pic of Tony the tiger.  He is so getting this to put in his dorm room.  We make our purchases and walk back to the Jeep.  On the way, I send Cash the pic of Zoe and me.
We arrive at Southern with time to place our drink order with Lucas. We grab a bite to eat in the café, so we can get ready for another night at Hank’s.  Once we reach my door, there is a little awkward silence.
“Hey, Squirrel. I had a great time today. I’ll see you at Hank’s.”  He pulls me in for a hug and looks me in the eyes.  Hell, I’m a goner with those make ya wanna melt eyes.  He gives a half-smile and then closes the distance between our lips.  His lips touch mine, and it is all I can do not to pull him into my room and forget Hank’s tonight.  I pull away from him first, place my hand on his chest, and tell him I’ll see him after while.
As he is about to leave, he says, “Squirrel, it’s you and me tonight on the dance floor.”
Eeeeeeekkkk! That boy’s got moves, and I can’t wait to dance with him tonight!
The Kluft girls have our Saturday night ritual of drinkin’, getting dressed up, and going to Hank’s.  I am not the DD tonight, and I plan on having fun.
We arrive at Hank’s; it is still redneck meets ghetto fabulous as usual.  The only difference tonight is that I feel a little giddy and am ready to dance my ass off with Joe.  All the girls make our way to the dance floor, and by the time three songs have played, I feel a very familiar body behind me.  I know exactly who it is, and I know exactly what I want to do. 
I lift my arms above my head and place them around his neck.  I immediately know that Joe likes this because he puts a few kisses on my neck before whispering into my ear, “You know if you keep this up all night, you’re not going to your room alone.”  I look and smile seductively at him.  I would love for him to hold me in his arms all night, but I’m sure that is not what he is expecting.
“Just so you know, Joe, I’m not that kinda girl.”
“Um hum, if you say so.”  This makes me nervous.  I don’t do well alone with guys the way that he is thinking.  Cash is different, but other guys, I just can’t do it.
We dance the night away, and before I know it, it is time to go back to Southern.  Joe holds onto me even after the house lights are up.  I can see the hunger in his eyes.  I feel the need too, but I’m just not ready.  Even with the alcohol, I know this isn’t what I need.  Not yet.
Joe and I walk outside hand in hand.  I try to go to Tori’s Explorer, but Joe asks me to ride with him and a few other people from school.  I ask him if he’d rather just ride with me.  He agrees within a second.  We hurry to the Explorer and get in the back.  There aren’t enough seats, so we make our own.  Jenny is the DD tonight; I feel safe with her, the Kluft girls, and Joe in this car.  I know where it is going.  I have control.
We arrive back at Southern, and Joe asks me to come back to his room.  I agree only because I know I have the choice of when I leave.  I honestly do not feel that he would push me to do things that I don’t want to do.  We make our way to Irvin.  His roommate has gone home for the weekend.  He has the bottom bunk, and we get comfortable.  I take off my shoes and cuddle up to him.
We turn on the TV, but don’t bother to watch it.  Our hands are all over each other, and I can’t get enough of his lips on mine.  He begins to unbutton my shorts.  I realize what he is doing, and I can’t go there.  I won’t.  I pull away from him.
“Joe, I can’t do that with you.”
He looks at me with puppy dog eyes. 
“I’m sorry, Joe. I can’t.  I will make out with you all night long, but you’re not taking my clothes off,” I say it sternly.  He has to know I mean business.
“Okay, I won’t take your clothes off.  I promise you; I respect you more than that.”
I don’t say a word. I just grab his shirt and pull him to me.  I haven’t had this much action in a while, and I plan on enjoying it!
I wake up the next morning and decide to make the walk of shame from Irvin to Kluft.  Not that I’ve done anything to be embarrassed about, but people will assume I’m sure.  I mean, I am walking across campus in the same outfit from last night.
I make it to Kluft, get a shower and relax the reminder of the day.  This week is going to be a rough one— practice, class, and going home.  I can’t wait till Friday.  I also can’t wait to get my lips on Joe’s again, and that is exactly what we do when we have to meet for Freshman Seminar on Wednesday.
Coach has been kicking our ass this week at practice, but I’m getting back into shape.  We have our first meet in a little over a month.  I’ve spent so much time out of the water; I’ve got to get where I used to be.  I don’t talk to Cash much this week because of everything I’ve got going on.
On Thursday, I decide to text him and Piper.  I know Piper said she isn’t coming home, but I just want to double check.  I miss her.
Me: Piper u decide to come home?
Piper: I’m going to pass.  Huge party here this weekend
Me: K have fun  :)
Well dang!  I have to admit now that Joe and I had such a great week, I’m beyond nervous about seeing Cash.  I don’t have a choice.  He knows all my secrets, and it’s time to let one out of the envelope.
Me: I’ll b home by 3 2morrow
Cash: Sweet! Can’t wait!
I grab my duffle bag and pack for the weekend.  I grab a variety of clothes.  I’m not sure what we will do, but I know it will involve mud and trucks.  The thought of that gets me excited to go home.
Friday morning I go to Bio and meet Joe.  He looks sad when I tell him I’ll see him Monday.
“Don’t forget about me this weekend.  I’m sure Cash is going to be waiting on you.  Just remember I want to get to know you, too.  He’s had eighteen years and has an advantage.  Just don’t mark me off the list yet, okay?”
“Okay.”  I give him a quick kiss on the cheek and go to my room.  I get my bag and tell Georgia that I’m heading home.  I’m about to walk down the stairs when I realize I left the envelope in the closet.  I turn around, grab it, and head to the Honda.  Just the thought of carrying that envelope with me makes me sick.  I don’t know what the hell is in there, and I’m not sure if I want to know.
I throw my bags into the trunk, put on my shades, open the sunroof, and head home.  Traffic isn’t near as bad as I thought.  The worst part is when I get close to Grassy Pond.  I don’t know why the Department of Transportation wants to put a stoplight every 100 feet.  I begin to get excited as I drive through what little bit of town we have. I can’t wait to see Tessa, Mama, Dad, Blue, and Cash.
When the Honda hits the gravel road heading to our farm, I grin from ear to ear.  As I pull onto the dirt road, I can see my dad on the tractor in the field.  Mama must be at work, and Tessa must not be home from school yet.  I start to grab my bags when Blue rubs up against me.  I give him some good lovin.’ Oh, how I’ve missed this dog.  I rub his ears and give him a kiss on his head.
“Come on, boy. Let’s go unpack.”
Blue and I go into the house, and I take it all in.  I have only been gone for a couple of weeks, but I feel like it has been forever.  As I walk inside, I can smell the familiarity of home, the smell of cows outside, the sound of my dad’s tractor, Blue’s touch as he nudges me, and the smell of my mama’s cookin’.  I make my way to my room.  I unpack my bag and decide the safest place for that god awful envelope is inside my purse.  I don’t know when I’m going to open it, but I do know I will be with Cash when I do.
Me: I’m home :)
Cash:  :)  I’m fixin the fence by the club u can come help if u want
Me: c u n min
I better change really quickly.  I know better than to go help on the farm in “good” clothes.  I throw on a pair of old cut-offs, a ratty t-shirt and my old Ariats.  I start to walk out the door when I see Tessa making a beeline straight for me.  Oh shit, I think she’s gonna run me over.
“Char!  Char!”
“Tess, I’m right here.”
She greets me with a big ol’ hug, and then starts being Chatty Kathy.  She tells me everything that has been going on, what’s expected at the game tonight, how she went to the pool hall and Cash went too, and then she finally looks at me. “Sorry, Char. I just got so excited!  I haven’t seen you in like forever, and I miss your face!”
“I miss you, too.”
“What are you about to do, Char?  ‘Cause I know that wasn’t what you wore home.  I know you better than that.”
“I’m ‘bout to go see Cash.  He’s fixin’ the fence by the club.  Wanna go?”
“Hell no, I’m gonna leave that to you two alone.”  She giggles.
“Shut up!  It’s not like he’s gonna attack my face or anything.”
“Yeah, whatever!”  She smiles and walks inside the house.
I walk to the shed to grab my four-wheeler.  I can’t wait to get on it and punch the gas.  I know I better see Dad before going to the club.  As I get close to him, he stops the tractor and jumps down. 
“Hey, Char!”  He gives me a hug and asks how I am.
“I’m good, Dad.  Just about to help Cash fix the fence by the club.”
“Okay, you’re going to the game tonight, right?”
“Yeah.  I should be back at the house soon.”
Dad gets back on the tractor, and I take off.  As I approach the club, I can see Cash.  I know he hasn’t noticed me because he hasn’t looked up.  Damn!  I feel like my heart is about to jump outta my chest!  Cash is squatted down with a 2x4, hammer, and nails.  He is shirtless with a perfect tan and pair of Carhartts.  He stands up to wipe the sweat from his head.  There is just something about a hot, sweaty country boy.  All I can think about is getting in those arms.  He looks up and does a double take.  He puts down the hammer and jumps over the fence with little effort.  He walks toward me with that half- grin of his.  Oh lawd!  Maybe Tessa was right!  I put the brake on the four-wheeler and hop off.
Cash and I continue to approach each other.  After about three seconds of me trying to act like I’m not excited, I take off in a full-out sprint.  Cash starts to laugh, and when I reach him, I jump into his arms.  Cash holds onto me for dear life and spins us around.  He hugs me like he will never let go.
“Well, Char-coal, that’s one way to know you’re glad to see me!”
“Cash Money, I’ve missed you so much!  It’s just not the same not seeing your face every day.” I smile.
He looks into my eyes and shakes his head.  He gives me several quick pecks on the lips before putting me down.
“So, you gonna help me or not?”
I shrug my shoulders, “I guess.”
“Well, that damn Joker is the reason I’m out here, anyways.  Last time he jumped the fence he took part of it with him.”
I just laugh.  That damn goat.  He has the perfect name.  I walk with Cash to the fence.  Cash holds the 2x4 while I hammer it in place.  We have always made a great team.
Once the fence is fixed, we take just a minute to sit there and take everything in.  The farm is gorgeous today.  The sky is clear, I can hear the pigs in the distance, Dad is on the tractor, and I have Cash beside me.  It doesn’t get any better than this.
Around 4:30, I decide to head back to the house to get ready for the game and visit with Mama and Tessa.
“All right, Cash, I gotta head back to the house to see Mama and Tessa before the game.  You riding with me to the game?”
“Um, no, you’re riding with me,” he says with a wink.  I get up to head toward the house.  Cash stands up as well.  He pulls me into his arms, looks me in the eyes, and brings those lips toward mine.  He starts out soft and sweet, but before it’s over, he is devouring my lips with his.  I can feel my insides begin to heat up.  At this rate, we aren’t going to make it to the game.  That thought makes me giggle like a little girl.
“What’s so funny?” Cash asks while he is still kissing me.
“Nothing, just thinking we might not make it to the game at this rate.”
He starts to grin and slows his kisses.
“All right, I get your point. I’ll pick ya up at six.”
“Okay, I’ll see ya then.”  I kiss him quickly once more and ride back to the house.
I walk into the house, and Mama’s in the kitchen.  It smells like heaven.  There is nothing better than the smell of country cookin’.  She has my favorite meal in the works, country style steak, mashed potatoes, corn, and homemade rolls.  Yum!
“Hey, Mama!”
“Hey, sweet girl!”  Mama wipes her hands on the dish towel before walking over to give me a hug.  “You hungry?”
“Yup!  Nothing like doing a little work on the farm to give ya an appetite.”
She walks back to the stove to finish supper, and I sit down at the bar.   We talk about school, swimming, and what has been going on at home.
“Charley, hun, if you’re going to the game, you better get ready while I finish supper.”  I look at my watch.  Oh crap.  I go upstairs to get a shower and get ready for the game.
The Dixon-West game is the biggest rivalry game of the season in Grassy Pond.  It’s been that way since the schools were built. Tonight, every store will close, every person in town, and those that are from West High will arrive in our little rinky dink town to watch two great teams go head-to-head to see who comes out on top.  After the game, we all hope to celebrate a win at someone’s farm or the pool hall.  But regardless of a win or loss, there will be a party somewhere.
I get ready and decide that I’m going to wear my old Dixon High Tigers t-shirt that I have totally cut up, added ribbons and made original.  I grab my favorite pair of Miss Me jeans and my boots.  I leave my hair down, add makeup, and I’m ready to cheer on the Tigers.
I go downstairs with about ten minutes to spare before Cash gets here.  Tessa comes down about two minutes after me.
“Dang, Char!  I love that shirt!  You’re gonna have to do mine like that!”
“Thanks, Tessa, and you know I will.  Are you riding with Cash and me?”
She gives me the are you crazy look.
“Nah, I’m going to pick up Sally, and we’re going to go together.”
“Oh, okay. Do you know where the post-game party is tonight?”
“Yeah, there’s a bonfire at the McCracken farm.  Y'all going?”  Tessa smiles.
“Not sure, but I’d guess so.   Cash never misses a good ol’ country party.”
“I’ll see you at the game, Charley.  Y'all be careful.”
“You too, Tessa.  Call me if you need me later.”
Tessa makes her way out of the house and tells Mama and Dad bye, but not before grabbing a bite to eat and inhaling it.  Tessa is very different from me.  I always went to parties but rarely drank until I started dating Dylan.  Tessa loves to party.  I know she is smart enough to call me or stay put rather than drive. 
Mama has supper ready, and I fix a plate. I text Cash that supper is ready when he gets here.  We didn’t discuss supper, but it’s kinda a well-known fact that if we’re going to do something and my mama has cooked, he’s always welcome.
Cash knocks and then opens the screen door.  He comes into the kitchen, and his mouth hits the floor when he sees me. He quickly picks it up before my parents notice.  We eat quickly, and out the door we go.  Mama and Dad aren’t far behind us.  Like I said, this game shuts down the entire town.
I climb into the cab of Cash’s truck, and he looks at me like, really?  I slide over, sitting right next to him.  He puts his arm around me, and I place my hand on his leg.  I give him a quick kiss on the cheek, and we’re at Dixon High before we know it.
Walking back into Dixon High is kinda an eerie feeling.  I both loved and hated the school at the same time.  There were so many great memories, but also my worst nightmare.  We approach the gate, and it’s like Cash can sense what I am thinking.  He grabs my hand, interlocks our fingers, and squeezes, reassuring me that everything will be fine. 
Once we are inside the gate, we see our entire graduating class, except for Piper and Dylan. Thank God!   We talk and catch up on what is going on.  We also make plans to go to the McCrackens’ tonight after the game.
At seven on the dot, the band begins to play the well-known beat before the Tigers come out and pile up.  That is a tradition that goes back to before my dad played.  All the players pile on top of each other, and by the end of the team, they are jumping and flipping.  It’s freakin’ fantastic.  The game starts, and Dixon has control of the ball first.  There isn’t much headway in the game.  Both teams aren’t giving up any yards, which is exactly why this game is such a big deal.  You never know who will win.
At halftime, the score is still 0-0.  When the Tigers come back onto the field, there is a difference in the atmosphere, and that’s when the Tigers get the break they were looking for.  Crawford #45 gets an opening and that’s all she wrote.  TOUCHDOWN Tigers!  We are all screaming.  The field goal is good, and now West has the ball.  They get a little more yardage, but not enough to make a difference.  We hold them the rest of the game.  With thirty seconds to go, the band starts to play the well-known tune… “Nah, Nah, Nah Nah… Hey, Hey, Hey … Goodbye!”
After the game, we walk back to the truck and see Tessa and Sally on the way.“Hey, Char, we’ll see you at the McCrackens’. I’m staying with Sally tonight.”
I nod, Cash opens the door and I climb into the truck.  He goes around and hops in.  It takes just a few minutes to get to the McCrackens’ so we decide to stop and grab a drink at the Chevron.  We then hit the back roads for a few minutes.
“Hey, Cash. I didn’t want to bring this up tonight, but I gotta.”
Cash looks at me like he is afraid of what I’m going to say.
“I got this envelope on my birthday.  It’s from Dylan.”
Before I can say anything else, Cash starts to talk.
“Did you open it?  Why didn’t you tell me before now?”
“Cash, I haven’t told a soul about it or opened it.  I brought it with me so that I could open it with you.”
He looked relieved. 
“I didn’t want to do it alone, and you’re the only one that understands.  I just don’t know why the hell he won’t leave me alone.”
“Char, it’s going to be fine.  When do you want to open it?”
“I don’t know.  I thought maybe tomorrow while we’re fishing at the club.  I don’t want to ruin tonight, and I don’t want it to ruin tomorrow either.  That’s why I told you now.”
“Whatever it is, it will be fine.”  He pulls me close and kisses the top of my head.
“I love you, Cash.  Thanks for everything.”
“I love you too, Char.  Now let’s go to the bonfire.”
Cash fires up the truck and to the McCracken farm we go.  There are already a ton of kids here.  It’s obvious by the number of cars left at the entrance of the driveway because at these parties if you don’t have four-wheel drive, you have to leave your car at the bottom of the field.  That’s one reason why I love being from the country.  If we throw a party, we make it hard for Barney Fife to find us!
We finally make it to where the trucks park, and I slide out on the driver side after Cash.  He helps me down and smiles.  I smile, too.  I can hear country music blaring out of a radio.  I love the country.  There is nothing better than a party in the middle of nowhere, where you can get as loud as you want with no one to tell you to turn down the music.
We walk hand in hand to the bonfire.  There are coolers, bottles, and red Solo cups everywhere.  I look at Cash and laugh.  Here we are with our Choice Cherry Golds.  Cash likes his beer, but after that night, he doesn’t drink if we are out together.  He is always looking out for me.
We walk up, and Cash sees Thompson.  This is his family farm.  We go over and talk.  Thompson is glad we could make it and offers us anything in his cooler.  We say thanks, but not right now, and continue to make rounds talking to everyone.
Within an hour, it’s packed.  People are laughing, drinking, dancing, and singing.  I do have to say it is quite funny to be one of the sober ones here.  Tessa and Sally show up with cooler in hand.
I give Tessa that look.  You know, the one that says do something stupid and I’ll kick your ass ‘cause I’m your big sister.
“I swear, Char.  I’m not going to do anything stupid.  Sally’s not drinking, and we drove her Jeep.”
“All right, but don’t make me say I told you so in the morning.”
They go to find the rest of their friends.    
The further into the night the louder it gets.  People are talking, dancing, and getting way too friendly with others.  Cash and I just enjoy each other’s company.  We dance and laugh.  It is great to have him with me.  I am totally protected and feel loved.  He wraps his arms around me and holds me tight as he places kisses on my cheek.
“Char, I’m so glad that you’re home even if it’s just for a few days.”  About that time we hear a certain song coming through the speakers. It’s “Crash My Party” by Luke Bryan.  That’s our song.
Cash turns me around and looks me in the eyes.  He places his forehead to mine, and we dance like no one else is watching. 
Cash begins to sing the words to me, “Go ahead and call me call me call me, you don't have to worry about it Baby.  You can wake me up in the dead of the night, wreck my plans baby that's alright.  This is a drop everything kinda thing.  Swing on by, I'll pour you a drink.  The door’s unlocked, I'll leave on the lights, Baby you can crash my party anytime.”
That’s right. I can call him anytime.  He’s always there no matter what.  As the song ends, I continue to look into those deep blue eyes and our lips meet like it’s the first time they’ve touched.   I can’t get enough of him or close enough to him.  We are brought back to reality by everyone singing their hearts out to “Boys ‘Round Here”.  Well, that’s one way to take us out of our fairytale.  We laugh as we look into each other’s eyes.  He gives me one more kiss before we join in the redneck karaoke dance party around the bonfire.
In unison you hear, “Red, red, red, redneck….”  By the time the song is over, I’m dancing and shaking my ass all over Cash.  We are having the best time with people just like us in the middle of nowhere.
Around 11:30, Cash and I start to make our way back to his truck.  He holds me close to him, and I take every bit of it in.
Our ride home is like nothing has changed since the day I walked away from him at the club.  We get back to my house and pull into the drive.  He turns off the truck and looks at me.
“Char, thanks for a great night.  You make everything right when you are home.  I think you better get inside.  We’ve got a big day tomorrow.”
“Now, Cash, did you think I’d forget tomorrow?”  I say with a smirk before giving him a kiss that will leave him wanting more.
As we’re kissing, Cash lets out a moan then pulls back from me. “Char, you’re gonna have to stop that if you wanna go inside any time tonight.”
I just smile.  I kiss him one last time on the cheek before hopping outta the truck and walking to the house.
“Hey, Char. I’ll see you at ten tomorrow at the club.”
“Damn straight you will!” I wink and walk to the house.
I wake up to the smell of bacon.  That has to be the best aroma ever!  I mean, at my house bacon is a staple product and it’s like religion when we talk about breakfast.  I hop out of bed and go downstairs to see my mama cooking her favorite meal of the day. 
“Hey, sweet girl.  I’ve got your favorite—biscuits, bacon, grits, and eggs.”
“Yum!  Thanks, Mama.”
“So, you and Cash fishin’ for your birthday today?”
“Yup, I gotta meet him at the club at ten.”
“Girl, you better get a move on.  You only have thirty minutes.”
“I’ll be alright.  It’s not like he’s never had to wait on me before.”
“Sweet girl, I don’t want to know what exactly is going on with you two, but I’m not stupid.  Just remember that you are all he thinks about even when you aren’t here.  Just be careful with each other’s feelings.”
“I know, Mama.”  I finish eating before going to get ready.  We’re fishing, so it’s not like I have to get decked out or anything.  I grab my khaki shorts, a tank top, throw my hair into a messy bun, and grab my flip flops.  I take a deep breath as I look into the mirror. That damn envelope.
I grab a bag and put the envelope inside it, go downstairs, and grab a couple of Choice Cherry Golds and loaf bread.  I walk to my four-wheeler, put the bag on the back, and head to the club. 
When I get closer to the club, I can see that Cash has beaten me there as usual.  I notice that there are balloons tied to the bottom of the ladder.  He’s so sweet.  I grab my bag and climb the ladder.
As I reach the top, it doesn’t take me long to see what Cash has done. On the floor is a blanket with a picnic basket.  The fishing poles are already in the water and Cash is looking out the window opening.
“Well, I’d say you’ve outdone yourself, Cash Money!”  He just about jumps outta his skin and starts to laugh.  I love when I can get to him. He turns around and smiles.
“Happy Birthday, Char-coal!”
“Thanks, Cash Money.  I love the picnic,” I say with an innocent smile.  I can about guarantee what is in that basket.  They are the same things that we’ve had on my birthday since we were about seven—a PB&J, Cheez-Its, and Choice Cherry Gold.  Not to mention I’m sure there is a piece of his mama’s famous pound cake in there.
I walk over to the window and check out my fishing line.  Cash studies my every move.
“Anything bitin’ today?”
“Not yet.  Did you bring the loaf bread?” 
“Did you think I’d forget?”
“Nah, just teasing ya.  You know that’s your responsibility when we fish,” he says as he nudges against me.
Every time that boy touches me, my insides get all warm.  When we were together before, it was great, but right now I can’t even explain it.  The problem is we aren’t together. I keep telling myself that he isn’t what I want right now, but my body is definitely telling me something different.
Finally after about forty-five minutes of not even a nibble, I notice my rod moving.  I slowly reel it in, and sure enough, a crappy is on the end. 
“I still got it, Cash.  I thought for a minute you were going to catch the first one today.”
“Now, Char, you know you always catch the first fish on your birthday.”  Cash put his arm around my shoulder and hugs me. Then, he takes the rod to get the fish off the hook.
“What the hell are ya doing, Cash? I’m a big girl and can do that my damn self.”
“I thought maybe since you went off to school you forgot!”  He looks and shrugs his shoulders.
“Hey, I ain’t forgot where I’m from and what’s important.”  I take the fish off the hook and put it inside the cooler, which is right beside Cash.  He is so in trouble! I rub my hand all over his face, fish guts and all.
“Oh, it’s on like Donkey Kong!  You better run, Char!”
This probably wasn’t the smartest move, especially since there aren’t many options when it comes to escaping. Okay, so I can either run circles around the club, jump out the window into the pond or slide down the ladder. Or better yet, I think I can cause a distraction.  3…2…1… I cross my arms and grab the bottom of my tank then proceed to pull it over my head and drop it to the floor. Then I unbutton my pants.  Cash is frozen still with his eyes on me.  I drop my shorts, smirk and cannonball out of the window into the pond.
“Char, that ain’t fair!”
“What’s not fair?  You could join me, you know?”
I start to swim out to the middle of the pond to the island, which is nothing more than a large inflatable where we lay out in the summer.  When I get about halfway there, I turn around, and sure enough, Cash is down to his boxers and out the window.  I better haul ass ‘cause I know this is going to be war.
As I grab the ladder to the island, Cash catches up to me and pushes me under the water. I take him with me, and when we come back up for air, he helps me to the island.
“Char, that was freakin’ wrong in all sense of the word wrong,” he says as he puts his hands on my ass to give me a lift.
“I know, but I wasn’t going to let you win.”
“Well, I’d say I won hands down.” He looks at me from head to toe, and I know exactly what he is thinking.
We lay out on the island and just talk.  Later, we decide to finish our picnic and catch our supper.
We make a quick swim across the pond to the club.  We climb the ladder, and Cash throws me a towel to dry off.  I wrap the towel around me, and he does the same while we make our PB&J’s.
“You know, Cash, there is just something about a PB&J, and for some reason, they always taste better up here, with you.”
“I have to say you’re right about that.”
We finish our sandwiches, dress, and catch a mess of fish that we cook for supper.  After we eat, Cash finally says what I have been dreading, but somehow erased from my mind.
“Char, you got that envelope?”  I just nod and pull it out of my bag.  I hand it to Cash.  There is a lump in my throat.  I honestly just want to burn it, but I’m afraid of what might happen if I don’t look at it.
“You want me to open it, or do you?
“Maybe we should just burn it?”  My pulse is racing faster, and I think I’m going to hyperventilate.
“I will if you want me to, but I know you enough to know you’ll doubt it later.”  Cash sits next to me, and we decide to open it together.
As we open the envelope, we don’t say a word.  Cash holds me close as I tear it open slowly.  It’s a birthday card.  How sweet, my ass!  I read the inside.  What the fuck? I drop the card and freeze.  What I am seeing can’t be real.  It’s a picture of Piper with some surfer dude, Anna with a hot Latino guy, Carrie with the sexiest nerd I’ve ever seen, and Joe and me at Hank’s Tavern.
Written in the card is a note. I have eyes everywhere.  Just remember to keep your mouth shut or there will be trouble.  Happy Birthday! –D
I continuously flip through the photos again, faster and faster each time.  I can’t stop myself.  That son of a bitch has been watching my friends and me.  I am not alone, and neither are my friends.
Cash takes my hands and pulls the photos from them.  He doesn’t say a word about Joe and me.  Instead, he puts them on the floor, pulls me into his arms, and lets me cry.
I am terrified of what my future holds.  Just when I think that everything is back to normal, Dylan walks back into my life.  This is exactly why I kept Cash at bay.  I don’t want him to get hurt.
The sun is starting to set.  It’s time to make decisions.
“Char, text Tessa or your mama and tell them we’re going to be out here a while.”  I nod.
Me: Just wanted to let u know were still fishin’, be home sometime 2night.
Mama: K, have fun, be safe
The fact that I’m out with a guy doesn’t matter when I’m talking about Cash.  He has my parents’ complete trust.
“Cash, what are we going to do?”
“Char, I think we need to turn this into someone that can stop him.”
“We can’t, Cash!  No one knows about what he did to me or what I used to do for him when we were together.  I could get in trouble, too!”
“Char, I know, but what if Dylan and his sicko friends drug or rape someone else? Your friends, Char?  Your friends are in danger!  We gotta do something.”
“What can we do, Cash, without getting others involved?”
“Well, first off you need to let your friends know what’s going on.  Then, we need to decide how to keep you safe at school.”
We call Piper, Anna, and Carrie.  They freak out just a little, but say they have felt safe and will just keep their guard up when they are out.  We all decide to call if we notice anyone strange around campus or get anything from Dylan.
“I’m sorry you had to see that, Cash.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Joe and me.  I don’t want to hurt you.”
Cash pulls me in tighter, “Just like you to worry about me when you’re the one in trouble.  Char, I’m fine.  Now if you hadn’t already told me about him, it could have been a different story.”
That gets a small smile out of me.  Cash and I decide our best plan of action is to talk to each other every day.  He also thinks it will be good for me to walk with someone most of the time.
“Char, I hate to say this, but at least Joe is there.  I’m not saying I want you to date him or anything, but I feel safer knowing that you have a guy there to count on.  It’s obvious that he isn’t involved or he wouldn’t be in the picture.”
“That’s true!  I didn’t think of it like that!  Should I tell him what’s going on?”
“That’s up to you.”  I mentally decide not to tell Joe.  No one needs to know except Cash, my friends, and me.
Cash and I decide that we need to keep the photos and card, but we want to keep them safe.  We bury them below the club.  We know where they are, but no one else does. A night at the club is what we both need.  I need to be in his arms, safe, and secure.  Safe. Cash is safe.
Around 4:30 a.m., I wake up.  I guess I should get home.  I don’t want to give my parents the wrong idea.
I wiggle my way out of Cash’s arms and shake his shoulder to wake him.
“Cash, wake up.  I’m going home.”
He moves, but barely.  He always could sleep through anything.  He wiggles and repositions himself to get comfortable.
“Cash.  Wakkkkeeeeuuuupppp, sleepy head.”
“What, Char? Go back to sleep.”
“I’m going home.  I figure I better before my parents wake up.”
“Please don’t go.  Just let me hold you.”
Who can argue with that?  I’m going back to school today; I better take all of Cash in that I can.  I snuggle back into his arms and drift off to sleep.
We wake up with the horizon of the sun peeking through the window opening.  Gosh that will blind ya.  I feel as if someone is watching me, and when I roll over, I notice that Cash is definitely all eyes on me.
“Mornin’, beautiful,” he says with a smile.
Damn, I guess I could totally get use to waking up like this every morning.  Cash kisses my cheek before moving off the futon.  I help him pack up everything that we used yesterday, and we make our way down the ladder.
He wraps me in his arms and kisses my forehead.
“Char, it’s going to be fine.  I wish you would just stay here with me, but I know you won’t.  I love you, and I’m going to keep you safe.  Right now, you better hurry home and get ready for church.  I’ll see you there in a little while.”  He hugs me tight one more time, and we go our separate directions.
I return to the house, shower, and get ready for church.  I’m straight up Southern Baptist, but I will say we sit third row from the back instead of the very back row.  Church is wonderful.  I have been slack in that area since I got to Southern.  Church has always been important to me.  Cash waves as he sits across the sanctuary, and we are dismissed right at noon.
We eat lunch at my grandparents, and then it is time to go back to Southern.  I’m ready to go, but terrified at the same time.  I pack the Honda, tell Mama, Dad, Tessa, and Blue bye before going by Cash’s to tell him bye once more.  I swear the goodbyes are getting old.
I pull onto his dirt road and see he’s waiting on the porch.  Before I can put the car in park, Cash is next to my door.  He opens it for me and helps me out.
I cross my arms as we stand awkwardly around my car.  The longer I stand here, the more I do not want to leave.
“Come here, Char-coal,” Cash says in a sweet whisper.
I walk into those arms and feel so much love and protection. I close my eyes and take all of Cash in.  I can hear his heart beating, watch his chest moving up and down as he is trying to keep his breathing under control, see the strength in his arms, and smell his Lacoste Essential Cologne.  I do not want to break away from him, but I know the longer I wait, the worse it will be for both of us.
I open my eyes and look up at him.  He kisses my forehead and tells me that everything is going to be okay.  I have to have more of him.  I whisper, “Okay, Cash, kiss me, please.”  He smiles a half- grin and brings his lips to meet mine.  He places his hand behind my neck and in my hair.  I get goosebumps from head to toe.  I wrap my arms around his neck, and he lifts me off the ground.
We act as if we aren’t going to see each other again, and that we can’t get enough of each other’s touch.  Cash finally slows down his lips and pulls them away from mine. Damn. 
“Char, you better get going.  I don’t want it to be late when you get back.”
“I’m gonna miss you, Cash Money,” I say as I kiss him once more.
“I doubt that.  Just keep your guard up and text me every day.  I think you should tell Joe about the photo. It’s only fair.”
I shake my head no.  “Not yet.  I don’t want anyone else freaked out.”
“All right, I’ll leave that up to you.  If you need me for anything, I’ll be there in record time.”  Cash helps me into the car, closes the door, and kisses me through the window.
“I love you, Charley.  I’ll see you at fall break.”
“Love you too, Cash Money.” He steals one more peck before he pats the door and backs away.

Chapter 9: Homecoming
The ride back is filled with a few tears, fear, anxiety, and happiness.  I am beyond terrified that Dylan is keeping tabs on me, but I’m not going to let him get to me. That is what he wants.  I rub my fingers around the anchor of my necklace.  I’ve got Cash, my family, the Kluft girls and Joe.  I will be fine.
I arrive on campus to find everyone has gone out to eat.  I unpack and take a few minutes to relax.  
Joe: Squirrel, u back yet?
Me: Yeah
Joe: Wanna go grab a bite to eat? I’ve missed u!
Me: Sure c u in 5
I grab my purse, keys, take a quick look into the mirror and out the door I go.
“Hey, Squirrel!  How was home?”
“It was great!  I forget how much I love it there.”
Joe doesn’t say much about that comment.  We walk to his Jeep, hop in, and go eat a little Chinese.
As we sit at the table, we talk about the weekend.  Undoubtedly, I missed a hell of a party in Foot, and Hank’s was rockin’ as usual.
“Yeah, Hank’s was crazy this week, but I have to say those girls can’t dance like you, Char.”
“Whatever.”
He smiles, “It just wasn’t the same.”
We finish and head back to campus.  We both have practice early in the morning along with class.
The next month goes by in a hurry.  It’s like I’m on repeat—practice, class, text Cash, meet with Joe, party on Friday, Hank’s on Saturday, and recoup on Sunday, only to do it all over every week.  It remains the same until the middle of October. Homecoming is this weekend.  It’s a weekend of games, parties, alumni, Homecoming Dance, and of course, Hank’s Tavern.
I am absolutely beat from practice Wednesday night when I get a knock at my door.  When I open it, no one is there.  Really? I notice a box with an envelope on the floor.  I literally start to hyperventilate.  Georgia is coming from the shower and stops when she sees my reaction.
“Char, are you okay?”  I nod my head.
“That’s crap, and you know it.  What’s got you freaked out?  It’s just a box.”
“Um, I don’t want to talk about it.”
“Are you gonna see what it is?”  I nod again.
As I turn toward my room, I see Joe peeking around the corner.  Oh, thank the lord!  I can feel all the tension leave my body.  It wasn’t something else from Dylan.
“Squirrel, are you gonna open it, or just stare at it all day?”
“Oh, sorry. I just, um, nevermind.”
I unwrap the box to find a little squirrel charm with a tag attached to it that reads, “Dance with me?”
I look up at him and smile.
“Dance with you?  Like at Hank’s?”
He puts his hands into his pockets like he’s nervous, and shakes his head no.
“No, Squirrel. Dance with me at Homecoming.  Go with me, please?!”
I take a minute to act like I’m going to have to think about it.  I love to watch him sweat. It’s sexy as hell.
“You think you can handle this for two nights of dancin?”  I ask as I get all Vanna White on him.
“Oh, I believe I can handle it all right.”
“Well, if you’re up for it, then I am, too.”
I had totally forgotten that Georgia was still nearby, but I realize real quick when I hear her hooting and hollering in the background.
“Shopping trip to the Mills!”  Georgia shouts down the hall.
“Joe, do you wanna come in a minute?”
He enters my room and takes a seat on my bed.  The only other option is the wooden chair at my desk.  I sit beside him and decide I better see what he knows about Homecoming.
“So, I heard this weekend is pretty crazy around here.  What have all the lacrosse guys been saying?”
“They pretty much say that the party starts on Thursday night when everyone goes into the big city.”
I look a little confused at him.  “You mean Charlotte?”
“Yeah, they said everyone goes to Bar.  You pretty much pile up in everyone’s car and make sure there’s a DD.”
“Sounds interesting.”
“You’ve never been to a real club before?”
“Not really. Hank’s is about it unless you talk about the pool hall back home ‘cause some nights it turns into a makeshift club or more like a redneck bar with a dance floor.”
“Back home we use to go to this teen club, and our hall went to a different bar in Charlotte a few weeks ago.”
“Well, I’m sure the Kluft girls will not miss it!”  
“I sure hope not,” he says as he nudges my shoulder with his.  “They also said that it’s pretty much a throw down the rest of the week on campus from that point on.  I mean, there’s class, but they’re a little lax this week.”
“Oh, I bet I still have to do to Dr. Deal’s Bio at 8 ‘cause of that damn memory of his.”
“Well, Squirrel, I’m gonna head out.  I got practice in the morning, and we got a busy weekend.  I’m sure you wanna get that shopping trip planned.”
“All right, well, I guess I’ll see you tomorrow in Charlotte?  Or is there like a pre-party somewhere?”
“I’m sure there will be a party somewhere.  I’ll let you know.  Night.”   He kisses me on the lips as I walk him to the door.  
“Bye, Joe.”  I give him a light wave as he turns back to look at me.
“Bye.  See ya tomorrow.”
As soon as he is out of the building, I make a beeline to Georgia’s room.  She is sitting on her couch with Caroline and Tori while Anna is on the floor.
“Dang, been waiting on me long?”
Anna says, “Well, we know who’s getting the action this weekend!”
“Uh, I don’t think so.  I’m so not like that.”
“Oh, okay, whatever you say, Charley.”  Anna winks.
Caroline pipes in, “So, Mills tomorrow?  What time? I think we should just skip class. What y’all think?”
Most of my life I’ve been a rule follower.  So skipping is a big deal, but hey, ya only live once right?
“I’m game.  Just got practice in the morning.  After that let’s shop till ya drop.”
Caroline starts to clap her hands because she’s so excited. “Oh, have y’all heard about Bar tomorrow?”  I ask.
They all look at me like I’ve lost my mind. Finally, I know something they don’t.  Sometimes I feel like I’m the last person to find out what is going on.
“Joe said that everyone from Southern goes out tomorrow.  Basically, you find a DD, pile up and go dance your ass off.  I thought it sounded great to me except for the 8 a.m. Bio class I have Friday.”
They all sit there quietly before Tori comments first.  “Guess we’re all going shopping for two outfits... clubbin’ and Homecoming Dance.”
We all call it a night because practice is going to come way too early in the morning.  At 5:45, that god awful sound of an alarm clock goes off.  I roll outta bed, grab my bag, and slide on my flip flops.  We don’t even bother changing out of our pajamas anymore.  We just roll outta bed and go.
We take the Honda to the gym this morning and head straight to the locker room.  Coach is waiting on us, and the board looks like a killer.  I dip my cap into the water, put it on, and follow with my goggles. I’m ready to jump in.
We finish our warm-up, and then Coach gives us five killer sets.  What is she thinking?  I mean, we have practice the rest of the week!  After being in the water for about an hour and a half, we finally get to cool down.  I am whooped!  As we get out of the pool, Coach asks us to come to a team meeting.  Really?
“Girls, you all know as much as I do I’m about having a good time.  I know I have worked you hard this morning, heck like for the past month, but I want to make sure you’re ready for the upcoming season.  Also, I know as well as you do what kinda weekend we have coming up.  We aren’t going to have practice until Sunday afternoon.  Don’t come in here hungover either.  Now, get outta here and don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.”
“Hey, Coach, you know what that means?”  Brittany says.
“Yes, Brittany, I know exactly what that means.  Just make sure you have a DD and call me if you need me, and I mean it! Now, I think y’all have some shopping to do ‘cause word is someone got asked to the Homecoming Dance by a very H-O-T lacrosse player.”
Everyone’s eyes turn to me, and I’m as red as a Hot Tamale.
“Girls, get outta here.  I’ll see you around Saturday.”
In the locker room, we make plans.  We know that Anna and Caroline are still snoozing.  We head to the café to eat breakfast, and there is fine ass Joe eating a waffle with his team.  I just smile and walk on to our table.  A few minutes later, Anna and Caroline join us.
“So girls, I’m thinking a trip to Group USA is in order.  We gotta look hot for this dance, but yet classy.”  I am totally with her on this.
“Does anyone know how dressed up people get for this dance?”  I ask.  “I mean, I know it’s more formal than Hank’s or a club. I don’t think it’s church attire, or is it like a mini prom?”
Anna gives us the details she has researched, “Okay, it’s like a mini prom, but you gotta be careful.  You don’t want to look like you tried too hard or spent too much money. Oh, and for tonight... I got us a ride.”
We all stop and look at her like what do you mean you got us a ride?
“What?! I’m doing my job here.  I know none of us want to DD, so I found us one with a minivan!”
“Shut up.  No, you didn’t!”  Tori laughs.
“Oh, yeah, the Love Machine.  It has a name.”
“You’re serious, aren’t you?”  I ask.
“Yeah, well, you know I’m not an athlete, and I found a few others that aren’t as well.  What’s that girl on your team with the friend that is freakin’ hilarious and always has something smart ass to say?”
“Uh, you mean Sarah and her friend is Hayden,” Tori says.
“Yeah, it’s Hayden’s van.”
“Well, that makes me feel a little bit better, but who’s driving ‘cause I know it’s not Hayden.  She drinks like a fish!” Caroline states.
“Oh, did Sarah not tell you this morning?  Or maybe Hayden didn’t tell her we were all going together.  She’s not drinking anymore, something about being a good girl or some shit like that,” Anna says with a laugh.  “So, does that work for everyone?”
We all nod.  End of discussion... we’re going to the club in the Love Machine.
We head back to Kluft and get ready to hit the mall.  We all dress down, but still look cute.  I text Cash as usual and tell him about this weekend.  He says he misses me, but to have fun.  He’s so ready for me to come home.  I have to admit; I’m having way too much fun right now to go back to the simple life.  
We pile into the Explorer.  You know, it has to suck to have the biggest car because you always get voted to drive. We make our way to the Mills.  We each find a new clubbin’ outfit for tonight.  I actually decide to be bold and try to find a hot and sexy dress.
We peruse through Wet Seal, Charlotte Russe, and then find this neat little shop called Rainbow.  When we walk through, we all know we’ve struck gold.  You’d think we were on some crazy game show running around with an arm full of clothes.
I take all the clothes I can carry into the dressing room. One by one this isn’t looking too good.  That is until I try on the laciest dress I have ever seen.  This dress isn’t like little girl lacy; it’s freakin’ hot!
I take the dress and peel it on.  That’s right, I said peel it on because that is how it fits, like it’s made with me.  It is lined with a little tube top dress, but is covered by a one-sleeved lace overlay.  It’s gorgeous.  I walk out to get opinions, but I already know it’s a done deal.
“Hey, y’all, whatcha think?”
“Hot damn, Charley!  I say you’ve found the dress for tonight!  Oh, and I got the perfect set of heels to go with it!”  Caroline hollers at me.
“Thanks, Caroline.  Y’all, this dress is like only thirty bucks!  It’s like perfect for me and my cheap self!”
We checkout and move on to Group USA.  This is where I have to find a dress for the dance.  From what I understand, this place has it all and at a good price.  I walk in and just look.  I find it better to make a loop around before getting too worked up.
I see a few dresses I like, but nothing that stands out until I turn down the third aisle.  There are no words for this dress; it is exactly what I picture me in.  It is a short organza coral colored dress.  It has one shoulder.  Go figure!  It also has the perfect amount of bling at the waist.  It is simple, but yet stands out at the same time.  I know this is the one.  I find my size and head straight to the dressing room.  It fits perfectly.  I don’t show the others because they are still shopping.  I walk to the shoes to see if I can find a match, and I do.  A pair of peep-toes t-strap rhinestone sandals, or should I say heels?  They match the bling flawlessly on my dress.  I make my way to the checkout and pay.  Georgia is right behind me, and twenty minutes later Operation Find a Dress, is a wrap.
We decide to have fun the rest of the afternoon, and we start by stopping off at Texas Roadhouse.  I think we might be regulars there.  I mean, what can I say?  The food for the price, along with the atmosphere, it doesn’t get any better than this.  In fact, we know all the cute waiters and always get in either Matt or Justin’s sections.  They know us by name and even said they might see us out tonight.  I’m guessing it’s a well-known fact that when Southern hits the big city, things are abound to get wild.
We make it back to campus in time for Caroline and Anna to secure the liquor run.  I’ve decided that I’m going to let loose tonight.  It isn’t often, and hell I’ve never been to a club in a big city, so I’m going to have a great time.
Across the hall, Jenny has the radio up as usual, and Crystal stopped by to tell me she’d see me there.  Oh, btw, I’m getting my own room.  That’s fine by me, but it’s not like I’m going to miss her ‘cause she’s never here, anyways.
I go ahead and call Cash.  I want him to know that he won’t hear from me until later tonight, if not in the morning.  I know it sounds like I’m checking in with my dad all the time, but I know this is his way of staying in the loop and keeping me safe.  He also tells me what is going on in Grassy Pond.
We all start to get ready.  I get my shower, and Georgia is in the stall next to me.  We get out and get ready.  While we’re doing our makeup, I have the urge to make sure she’s got my back.  I don’t know why, but I just have this feeling that I’m going to need her.
“So, are you excited about tonight?”  I ask her.
“Yeah, I mean, I’m kinda like you.  I’ve never been to a place like this before.”
“That makes me feel better.  Hey, I got your back if you got mine?”
“You know it!”
And without me having to spill my guts, I know Georgia will be there if I need her.  I just hope she’s not too drunk.  If she is, she’ll be easy to find... with the same guy dancing all night.
We get dressed and put on our pre-game shirts and decide to go chill in Caroline’s room.  Hayden and Sarah come over to hang out as well.  Crystal and Lucas stop by, and before we know it, there’s a party right here in Caroline’s room.  We are having a blast, and Anna was right; Hayden is funny as hell.  As I am laughing so hard my side starts to hurt, there is a knock at the door.  We all get quiet because we have everything in an equation that equals a visit from campus police.
Caroline goes to open the door, and it’s none other than our RA, Mindy.  She’s never here, so what’s her deal tonight?
“Girls, I think it’s time to turn it down a notch.”
“Okay, Mindy.”  Crystal turns down the music, and the booze has already been hidden.
“I don’t want to hear any more of this tonight or this weekend.  This hall’s been getting a lot of heat from all you girls.  We need to try to bring it down if you want to stay on the Dean’s good side.  Do you understand what I’m trying to say?”
“Got it!”  Caroline turns to us, “We got to shut it down, especially if we wanna keep ourselves on the nice list!”
We make sure that everything is hidden as Hayden makes the comment, “I don’t know about you guys, but this girl needs to find a man to bump and grind with!  Let’s roll out.”  We laugh, ditch our pre-game shirts, and out to the Love Machine we go.
The Love Machine is this old ass Ford Aerostar that is about four different shades of red.  I honestly can’t believe it made it here all the way from New York.  I’m glad and all, and I feel safe knowing it can make it that far.  That just means we are safe tonight.  As we make our way down the stoop to the van, I can hear whistling in the distance from Irvin.  I look up, and sure enough, it’s Jackalope Joe and three of his lacrosse buddies.
“Damn, girls!  Can we ride with you?  That ride is HOT!”  Okay, so I’ll be the first to admit that I thought they were whistling at us, but when I realize they are talking about the Love Machine, I give them a run for their money.
“Hey, Joe!  Don’t be jealous that this Love Machine is getting all the love from the Kluft girls tonight!
“Oh, Squirrel, we’ll see who wins that bet tonight!”
Before I can make a smart ass comment, Joe and the other three guys are at the Love Machine.
“Slide over,” Joe states as he slides in next to me.  The other guys make room as well.  Who would have thought the Love Machine could be the party bus of Southern?
The ride to Bar is faster than I thought.  That could be due to the fact that Joe was trying to cop a feel the entire ride there.  It was like fending off a swarm of mosquitoes in a good way.
We get out of the Love Machine, and I readjust my dress.  I haven’t given anymore thought to the fact that I am totally out of my element in my attire tonight.  Joe stops dead in his tracks.
“What?” I ask.
“Nothing, absolutely nothing,” he says.  He takes my hand and laces it with his.  We get in line, ID’s are checked, money is paid, and we’re in.
Once inside, I can actually make out the music instead of just the bass.  I tell Joe that I’m going to the ladies’ room.  I didn’t think about the fact that an hour ride and alcohol do not mix.  I gotta piss like a race horse!  I make my way through the crowd to the back of the club and find the restroom.  Now, I have to say that this was an experience.  Never in my life have I gone into a restroom and there is wait staff.  I mean, really, I can get my own soap and paper towel, thank you!
I make my way back out and toward the dance floor and that is when I feel someone grab my ass.  WTF?  I glance over my shoulder to this middle-aged man.  I give him a go to hell look and keep walking.  I spot Tori first; she’s tall anyway, but with heels, she overlooks the crowd.
“Y’all aren’t going to believe this!  Some man just grabbed my ass!  I mean, hellooooo!”  They all laugh.
Anna decides to spell it out for me, “Charley, hun, if you come to a club looking like you do, every guy in the room is going to try to grab your ass. It’s not a bad thing!”
“Oh...okay.  I just didn’t realize.”
“It’s okay; I got your back,” Georgia says as we all start to dance.
Bar has a mix of folks— old, young, college, college drop outs, and a few that I don’t know what category they fall into.  The music is very techno and old school, but I like it.  They also have these things called “happy bowls,” and I want one!  But I know that won’t happen because I’m underage, and I’m not sure I trust anyone to get one for me.
Joe finally finds us in the crowd.  I smile when I see him.  He’s beyond hot, and he is totally honest when he has had a few drinks.
“Damn, Squirrel.  You’re sexy as hell in that dress.”
“You don’t look so bad yourself.”
“Do you know what I wouldn’t do to take you out of that tonight?”  A little bit of panic comes over me, and thoughts of Dylan come to the forefront of my mind.
“I’m sorry.  Did I say something wrong?”
“No, um, I just wasn’t expecting that.”
“I’m sorry; I’ve had a lot to drink tonight.  I would never make you do something you didn’t want to do.”
And as he speaks, I crash my lips into his.  He is a great guy who wouldn’t hurt me or take advantage of me.  At some point, I’m going to have to tell him what happened to me... but it won’t be tonight.
Joe takes me in his arms, and we are no longer dancing to the music.  We are standing here getting lost in each other without a care in the world who is watching.
“Get a room!”  Anna finally yells at us, and we stop and laugh.  We decide to take a break from the dance floor and get a water from the bar.  We finish the night by dancing till the last call and a Servco hotdog, of course!
The Love Machine gets us to the big city and back to campus.  Joe helps me out of the van and then walks me to the door.  “I guess I better let you get some sleep.  I’m sure you have practice in the morning.”  
“Actually, Coach gave us off until Sunday afternoon,” I say with a smile.
“Oh, did she now?  Well, my Coach wasn’t so nice.  We gotta run in the morning.”
“Sucks to be you,” I say with a smirk.
“Not as bad as it’s going to suck with you keeping me up all night.”
“What you mean?”  I raise an eyebrow at him.
“I told you I was gonna help you take that dress off, and I meant every word of it.”
Joe grabs my hand and leads me up to my dorm room.  Everyone is already in their rooms, and we tiptoe quietly to my room.  I know Crystal isn’t there, and she plans to move out tomorrow.
Joe closes the door behind us, and I start to talk.  Joe takes his finger and places it over my lips.  I press them shut.  He looks into my eyes and brings his lips to mine.  His lips are full and hot.  I want to taste more of him, but I don’t want it to go too far.  Joe takes his hands and feels me up from head to toe.  My hands are all over him.  Before I know it, I have his shirt over his head, and he is standing there in his slacks.  That is a fine piece of artwork right in front of me.
He pulls away from me and says, “Charley, you are beautiful inside and out.  I want to be with you in so many ways.  I know this is forward of me, but I can’t help it.  I’m falling for you hard.”
“Joe, I just don’t know what I want right now except for you to kiss me again.”
This time I wrap my arms around him, and he picks me up and carries me to my bed.  He lays me down and then steps back to look at me.
“I won’t let it go too far, Char.  You just let me know when to stop.”  I shake my head.
We kiss for what feels like hours.  Joe removes my dress just like he wanted.  He kisses me from head to toe, almost like he is worshiping my body.  The feelings I have with him are undeniable, but I don’t want a commitment.
After hours of kissing, petting, and fondling, Joe and I fall asleep.  I am wrapped in his arms.  We both wake up to the sound of his phone.  We look at my alarm.
“Oh shit! Coach is gonna kill me!”
I throw him his shirt and he kisses me quickly, starts to leave, and then comes back for one more kiss.
“I’ll see you tonight!”
Out the door he goes.  I take my pillow and cover my face and scream while kicking my legs.  Yeah, real mature I know!  That has to have been one of the best nights of my life.
I set my alarm for 7:00 and doze back off till time for Bio.  I have to shower this morning.  I realized quickly that the “club” smell is something you want to get rid of instantly.  I leave my hair wet, pull it up, and haul ass to class.
After class, I meet Joe for our project.  I am somewhat embarrassed about last night.  What is he going to think about me?  I beat him to the picnic table and add to my list while I wait.
Joe’s Unique Facts:
1. Scares easily
2. Grew up with his parents, but moved in with his grandparents his Sr. year.
3. Has played lacrosse since he was 5, but his first love was golf
4. Can do a toe touch
5. Made straight A’s his entire high school career (must be nice)
6. Trustworthy
7. Respectful
8. Great dancer
9.
10.
Joe sneaks up on me.  “Did ya finish your list yet?”  I shake my head no.  “Well, let me help ya... great kisser, doesn’t give up, knows how to treat a lady... do you want me to keep going?”
“No, and I already have all of that down.” I smirk.
“You do not.  Let me see.” It’s more of a demand than a question.
He looks at the list and smiles before handing it back.
“What about you?  Did you get number ten yet?
“Nope.”
We plan to begin our volunteer hours next week.  Joe has found an afterschool program for students with special needs.  I absolutely love this idea.  I also know what his surprise is going to be.  He loves golf.  I, on the other hand, know nothing about it.  I’m giving him tickets to play at Quail Hollow, and I’m driving the golf cart!
We finish the details for volunteering, and he kisses me before we go our separate ways.  Southern does things differently when it comes to Homecoming.  In fact, most people expect the dance to be after the big game tomorrow.  Not here, it’s on Friday night and alumni are invited because everyone knows where everyone will be Saturday night.
The Kluft girls eat lunch in the café and then decide to get manicures and pedicures for tonight.  Sarah and Hayden come along.  I think they are honorary Kluft girls now.
“Charley, what kinda action went on in your room last night?” Tori asks with a grin.
“I have no clue what you’re talking about!”  I’m so lying!
“Um hummm, I saw ‘Mr. I Got Eyes That Make Ya Wanna Melt’ leaving your room, late for practice at that!”
“No, you didn’t!  You would have been sleeping then!”
“Yeah, I would have if I didn’t have to pee! You are so busted!”
“Y’all, nothing happened like you’re thinking; I can promise you that!”
“Charley, I’m just gonna say what everyone is thinking. Why the hell not!?!” Hayden puts in her two cents.
“I promise I’m not like that.”
Hayden decides to just throw it all out on the table, “You’re a virgin, aren’t ya?” 
“No, I’m not.  Now, can we please talk about something else besides me and my no-sex life?”
“Okay, Okay... damn, I didn’t think it was a big deal,” Hayden whispers to Sarah.
Georgia looks at me almost like she knows something.   I just smile and nod.  No words are spoken, but it’s like she knows.
We get back to campus, get ready, and Georgia stops in my room.
“Hey, Char, you got a minute?”
“Sure, what’s up?”
“I know I’m being nosy, but I just had to ask. You can tell me to butt out if you want.  Did that conversation today have anything to do with Dylan Sloan?”
I’m not sure if I want to answer, but I know that Georgia won’t say a word.
“Yeah, but please don’t mention it.  There’s more to this story; I just don’t want to talk about it.”
“Sure, I just wanted to make sure that you were okay.  The look on your face today when Hayden said that broke my heart.”
“Thank you, Georgia, for noticing.  It means a lot.”  She gives me a hug and goes to her room. 
I finish getting ready, text Cash, and wait for Joe.  At 7:45p.m., there’s a knock at the door. I open it to find Joe standing there holding a bouquet of daisies.
“Thanks, Joe.  You didn’t have to do that.  You going to come in?”
“Charley, you look stunning.”
“Thank you.  So, are you going to come in or stand in the hallway all night?”
“Sorry, I was distracted by the most beautiful creature I have ever seen.”  I can feel the heat in my cheeks begin to rise.
He hands me the flowers, and I find an old Choice Cherry Gold bottle to make a vase.  Redneck at its best!  He just smiles and laughs.
“Nice vase.”
“Well, not like I packed one from home or anything.”
He takes my hand as I turn to fix the flowers and pulls me close to him.  He kisses me and then asks, “Shall we?”  I nod, and we walk into the hall to find all my hallmates peeking out the door.  They are all going to the Homecoming Dance stag.  Most of them wanted to keep their options open for the night.  I, on the other hand, feel safe for the first time without Cash.
As we make our way to the front lawn, there is a huge party tent, music is being played by the DJ, and there is a buffet dinner.  We fix our plates and find a table.  The rest of the Kluft girls arrive about twenty minutes later.  They have definitely been partaking in a few beverages.
“Hey, if y’all need something to drink, just go to my room.  I got plenty, plus it’s closer than Kluft,” Hayden says.
Joe answers before I can, “I wish I could, but we’re under a twenty-four hour rule with the game tomorrow.   I’ll be ready for a cold one tomorrow night.”  Well, at least I know we can be sober together and still have a great time.
After we eat, the alumni are already on the dance floor.  It looks just like a fairytale in here.  There are strings of lights, a wooden dance floor, tables with fancy tablecloths, and cute little centerpieces.
As time ticks by, we all make our way to the dance floor.  We start off with the “Bikers Shuffle” then move on to some oldies my parents like.  Around 10:00, we notice all the alumni leaving.  It must be the cue for the party to really get started.  I honestly think this must be the same DJ from Hank’s because I know we will hear these again tomorrow.
Joe and I haven’t left the dance floor since we got here; the only difference is that I have lost the shoes I came with because my feet are killing me!
While we are dancing, a familiar song comes on.
“So, are you gonna put it on me like last time?”  Joe whispers into my ear.
“You better believe it!”  They are playing “Get Low,” the same song I left Joe wanting more at Hank’s.  I guess this is our song.
I have to remind myself that I am not in the most appropriate attire to dance how I did that night, but what the hell, you only live once.  
Joe and I bump and grind all over each other right there for everyone to see.  I make sure that I don’t show my ass literally to people around me, but I’m definitely enjoying myself.  I turn around to look at him and place my hand on his face as I continue to match my hips in rhythm with his.  He smiles as I look into those eyes, and my lips crash into his.
The dance shuts down at midnight, and Joe has to be in his room for curfew at 12:30.  He walks me to my room, and on the way there, he stops me.  I turn to look at him, and he smiles.
“Charley, I just want to thank you for a perfect night.  This has been the best date of my life.  I wish I could stay with you tonight, but I’m sure Coach is already mad that I was late this morning.  Promise me you will be there to cheer me on?”
“Of course, I will!”  He takes my hand and walks me to my dorm room.  I unlock the door, and he kisses me goodnight.
“Sleep tight, Jackalope Joe. I’ll be pulling for ya tomorrow.”  I wink.
He kisses me again and walks to his dorm.
I go into my room and relive the fairytale of my night.  I take off my dress, get into my pajamas, and doze off.  I wake up to my phone beeping.
Joe: Good morning beautiful!  I can’t wait to see you in the stands today!
Me: :)  Good morning to you too.  C u soon!
The game is at noon. The girls and I get ready and eat breakfast before going over to the field.  The first person we see is Coach.
“I see you are all still alive.”
“Yes, ma’am.  Looks like you had fun on the dance floor last night, too,” I say.
“I did, and I have to say that was quite a show you two put on out there.  I sure do hope he made curfew.”  My face starts to blush, again.
“He did, just so you know.”  I smile.
We find a seat on the bleachers that will accommodate all of us.  I can see Joe warming up, and I smile when he looks my way.  He is so dagum cute in that uniform!
The game is great, and we win, of course.  Isn’t that how all Homecoming games are played... play someone you know you can beat?  The Homecoming King and Queen are crowned.  Not to my surprise, Lucas is our new Homecoming King.
Crystal pretty much attacks him afterwards, and we all stand around talking after the game.  As I'm standing there talking to Tori and Georgia, I feel a familiar hand wrap around my waist.  Sure enough, it’s Joe.
“Great game.”
“Thanks.”  He gives me a quick kiss in front of God and everybody.  “Wanna go out for dinner before Hank’s?  I mean, like all the Kluft girls and us Irvin guys?”  I look at Tori and Georgia.
“Hell yeah, we’ll go, but you guys better be buying!”  Tori says with her hands on her hips.
“I’ll see what I can do.”
We return to Kluft, chill out on the lawn, and get ready for supper with the Irvin boys.  We invite Hayden and Sarah.  We take the Love Machine, a guy from Irvin’s 4Runner, and Joe’s Jeep.  
We eat supper, and yes, the guys pick up the tab before going back to pre-game before Hank’s.  At supper, I notice that Joe is really quiet, and when I ask him about it, he brushes it off.
When we get back to campus, everyone starts to go their separate ways.  As I’m about to get out of the Jeep, Joe grabs my hand.
“I need you to wait.”  I shake my head yeah.  Have I done something wrong?  Is he breaking up with our non-relationship?  I’m so confused.
“Is everything okay?”  He shakes his head no.
“Let’s go for a ride.”  I nod.
“Hey, Georgia, we’ll be back in a few.”  She waves bye to me, and we leave campus.  Joe doesn’t say a word.  He stops at the public fishing access for the Rock Lake.  He just sits there and then pulls out his phone.  
“Squirrel, I don’t know how to start this conversation.  I got this via Facebook after the game today.  I take a look at his phone and burst into tears.
On his phone is a picture of Joe and me asleep in my bedroom with minimal clothes on and below it is a picture of me in my bedroom with Dylan on top of me.  The caption reads, “I had her first”
“Charley, please talk to me.  I don’t know who this is or what it’s about.”   I shake my head no.  I don’t want to relive it; I don’t want to talk, but I have no choice.
Joe pulls me into his shoulder, and I cry. When I feel like I can manage to get the words out, I say, “I’m ready.”
“Have you ever heard of Dylan Sloan?”
Joe nods his head yes.  “He’s a really good swimmer, right?”
“Yeah, he’s also my ex.  We started dating over a year and a half ago.  One night when my parents we’re out of town, we went to a party.  I wouldn’t sleep with him.... um....”  I pause.
“It’s okay, Charley. You can trust me.”
“I know I can.”   I have to get this out fast.  “He drugged and raped me.”
Joe doesn’t say a word. He just looks at the floor board.  “I don’t know what to say, Charley.  I mean, I knew you were timid about sex and stuff, but now I know why.  Did he get in trouble for it?”
I shake my head no.  I can see the anger building in Joe then he pounds the steering wheel.
“Dammit, Charley, he needs to pay for what he did to you!”
“There’s more.”  He looks at me like he can’t believe it.  “I told you my parents were gone.  We have this stupid goat, Joker, who had been jumping the fence to Cash’s farm.  I was supposed to check on him, and after that happened, I couldn’t.  I texted Cash for him to check on Joker, and he knew something was up.  Cash found me.”
Joe sat there for what felt like an eternity.
“Char, I’m so sorry. I don’t even know what to say.”
“There’s nothing to say.  Cash is the only one that knows everything about that night.  That is why we are so close.  But there’s more, on my birthday I got an envelope from him.  I didn’t open it until I went home.  It had pictures of all my friends off at college and.... me and you at Hank’s that first night.”
“That son of a bitch!  I’m going to kill him!”
“Uh, no, you’re not.  Those pictures aren’t on campus.  This is his way of trying to get a rise outta you.”
“Charley, I think it’s time I talked to Cash.”  Oh shit.  Here is my life about to be put out there on a silver platter.
I shake my head yeah and dial his number.
“Hey, Char-coal, what’s up?”
“Um, Joe wants to talk to you.”
“Char, what’s going on?  He did something, didn’t he?!”
“Yeah, Joe got a Facebook message, and it’s worse than the last time.”  I don’t want to go into detail, but I have to explain it to Cash.
“Char, I’ve kept my mouth shut. We’ve hid secrets too long.  I’m going to kill him if I see him.  I’m just warning you right now!”
“Cash, please!  I’m begging you!”  Joe grabs my phone from me.
“Hey, Cash, this is Joe.”
“Is she okay?”
“Yeah.”
Cash and Joe talk things out, and I sit there in the dark.  Finally, Joe puts it on speaker.
“Listen, Char. Here’s the deal.  I’m not there, but Joe is.  He’s got your back while I’m here.  He is going to make sure that you stay safe.  Honestly, I’m glad he knows.  I can actually sleep at night.”
“Cash, I’m so sorry. I never wanted all of this.”  I just weep.
“Char, it’s not your fault.  He’s a total ass, and one day he is going to pay for all of this.”
“I love you.”  Oh gosh, I forgot Joe was with me.
“I love you, too.  Now be safe and go to Hank’s.  Joe’s got your back.  Call me tomorrow.”
I hang up and look at Joe.
“I’m sorry about that.”
“What?  The ‘I love you’?”  I nod yes.  “Squirrel, it’s okay.  I know you love him, and I understand it now.”
“Are you ready to head back now?” I ask him.
We drive back to Southern, get ready for Hank’s and start to pre-game in Caroline’s room.  I notice that Joe doesn’t take a beer.
“You can drink one.  I’ll be okay.”
“Are you sure? And just so you know, you’re never getting out of my sight!”
At our usual 11:30, we roll out to Hank’s, now in the Love Machine.  Joe keeps his promise and doesn’t let me outta his sight.  He even walks me to the bathroom.  We dance all night, but tonight we dance even closer.  The fact that there are fewer secrets between us only makes us closer.  When “Let’s Get it On” plays, there’s no denying that he’s staying with me tonight, and everyone in Hank’s knows it, too.

Chapter 10: The Project
I wake up to snoring in my ear and arms wrapped around my body.  Joe.  I can’t help but smile.  He didn’t leave me last night. Hank’s was awesome, and even with the events of yesterday, I am still enjoying life.  I will not let Dylan Sloan ruin it.
I try to move out of Joe’s arms, but he only holds me tighter.  My phone begins to ring, and I know by the ringtone that it’s Cash.
“Hey, Cash,” I say with a yawn.
“Mornin’, Char.  How did it go last night?”
“We had a great time.  Just a normal Saturday night at Hank’s.  You have got to go with me one night.  I’m tellin’ ya, it really is where redneck meets ghetto fabulous.”
Cash laughs on the other end. “Char, you sure do have a way with words.  So, how is Joe?”
“Um... he’s okay, I think.”
There is silence on the phone.
“Is he there with you?”
“Yeah, but Cash, he just wants to keep me safe.”
“I understand that, Char, but I don’t like it.  My arms are the only ones that you belong in. I don’t mean to be an ass, but I can’t help but get a little jealous that someone else gets to hold you.”
I look at Joe who is still asleep, and decide I might need to sneak out to talk to Cash.
“Hey hold on, Cash Money. I’m going to walk out into the hall.”
“Um, no!  You keep your ass in that room.  Don’t go anywhere without someone.  I mean it, Char.  I will never forgive myself if something happens to you.”
“Okay, okay.  Well, can I call you back later?”
“Yeah, I love you.”
“I love you, too.”
I hit End on the phone and get a Choice Cherry Gold out of the fridge.  I open it and take a swig.  When I’m about three gulps in, I get the begeezes scared out of me by the sound of Joe’s voice.
“That was weird, huh?” he says as he’s lying shirtless on the bed with his arm propping up his head and smiling.
After I collect myself and quit coughing, I nod my head yes because talking is still questionable at this point.
“I hope I didn’t make that uncomfortable for you two?”
“No, I just didn’t want to wake you.”
He looks at me with a smirk, “You sure?”
“Yeah, but I do need to talk to him alone.  What you got planned today?”
“Not much. This is totally a different subject, but I was thinking about the volunteering we have to do.  Coach was talking about a community event next Saturday.  I thought it would be cool to use it.  In fact, if we went to the special purpose school on Wednesday and Friday, we could invite them and we’d be finished with the project.”
“Yeah, I love that idea.  I wish that we had this class next semester when Special Olympics takes place.  I just loved volunteering for that back home.”
“Charley, you really have the heart for those kids.  Maybe that’s what you should do with your life.”
“I just don’t want to be a teacher.  I like the volunteering and working one-on-one.  I can still do all that when I run the farm, ya know?”
“True.”  
Joe throws the comforter off him and grabs his shirt from last night.  Oh, that boy has a body, and those abs are like an old washboard. I could so rub my hands up and down them.  
“Hey, Joe. How are we going to do this whole thing?  I mean, the whole you’re with me all the time?  You know that’s not possible with practice and different classes.”
“Char, is there anyone on this hall that has a clue about Dylan?”
I take a minute to think.  No one knows about Dylan.  Oh, wait. Georgia knows of Dylan, but not the situation.
“Georgia was with me when I got the envelope, but I didn’t open it.  She knows who Dylan is because she’s a swimmer of course.”
“I know you’re not going to like this, but I think she needs to know some of what is going on.  That way a girl knows.”
“Joe, I don’t know.  The fewer people who know, the better.  I don’t want the word getting out.  He already has eyes on me.”
“Go see if she’s up yet.”  It wasn’t a question; it was a demand, and I walked myself out the door and across the hall to her room.  No, she wasn’t up, but when I knocked, she came to the door with messy hair and an old t-shirt.
“Dang, Char.  You’re up early.”
“Yeah, can you come to my room a sec?  I need to talk to you, if that’s okay?”
She started to walk across the hall.
“Georgia, you might wanna put some shorts on.  Joe’s in there.”
She had the OMG-deer in headlights-make your eyes wanna melt-boy is in there look.
I just smiled.  She got dressed and came to my room.
“Hey, Georgia,” Joe says.
“Hey, what’s up?”
Joe looks at me.  I can feel everything inside me begin to shake.  Why the hell did this happen to me?  Why do I have to explain this again?  Why is he still controlling me?
“You remember when I got that envelope for my birthday?” 
“Yeah.”
“Well, I’m going to tell you why it’s a big deal, but you have to promise not to say a word.”
“I swear, Char.  I won’t tell a soul.”
I take a deep breath, and Joe puts his hand on my leg and squeezes, giving me a little reassurance.
“Okay, I dated Dylan a year and a half ago.  One night when my parents were out of town, he put something in my beer at a party and raped me.”  Saying the words again were hard, but almost freeing at the same time.  It was like each time the words were said I felt more alive. Free.
“Char, I’m so sorry.  No wonder you freaked out at the post office.”
“So, here is where things get a little freaky for sure.  When I opened the envelope at home with Cash, it had pics of all my high school friends at college and Joe and me at Hank’s that first night.  Dylan’s keeping tabs, but then he went further and sent Joe a FB message directly.  He’s a sick bastard, and I don’t want anyone to get hurt like I did.”
I can tell that Georgia wants to talk, but she’s unsure of what to say.
“I think you need to tell someone.  I mean, if you are in danger, others are in danger, you need to.”
“I can’t, Georgia.  No one knows about what happened to me except Cash, Joe, my sis only knows parts, and now you.  There is more to the story, but I’m keeping it to myself for now.”
Joe realizes I’m struggling and decides to chime in,
“Georgia, I talked to Cash yesterday.  We are going to keep our eyes on Charley at all times.  I just need someone to know what’s up when I’m at practice or in my room.  A girl needs to know, and since the season is about to start, I thought you’d be the best bet.  You’re trustworthy.”
Georgia presses her lips together and moves her mouth from side to side. “Okay, but Charley, if something else shows up, we’ve got to tell someone.  This is only going to get worse.  I mean, why do you think he keeps messing with you?
“He always had a way of controlling me.  He was hotness in one hot tattooed swimmer’s package.  He was what every girl at Dixon High wanted, and when I got him, I was just completely pulled into his charm.”
“Girl, I got your back.  Let me know if you need anything, and you can always talk to me.”
“Thanks, girl!”
“Well, I hate to break up this girl talk, but I’m going to have to get ready for practice, which I thought you have practice, too?” Joe asks.
Georgia decides to give us a minute and walks back to her room.
Joe puts on his shoes, looks into the mirror and grabs his keys and wallet.
“Thanks, Joe, for everything.”
“Listen, I’m just glad you talked to me.  I had no idea what you were going to say when I showed you that message.  I knew it couldn’t be like it seemed.  If you need me, call me no matter what.  This is all going to be fine, and if not, Cash and I are going to kill him.  I don’t know why he can’t let you go. Well, I can kinda see.  You are an amazing girl with a lot going for you.  Charley, you don’t even realize it most of the time.”
He walks toward me, pulls me close and holds me tight.  I breathe in his scent, but say nothing because there are no words to express my feelings and gratitude for what he has done for me.
After Joe leaves, I call Cash back.
“Hey, Cash, sorry ‘bout that.”
“It’s okay. So, y’all had a good night, huh?”  I can hear the worry in his voice.
“Cash Money, nothing happened.  We had a great time at Hank’s, but Joe didn’t want to leave me alone after everything that happened.”
“Char, I get that, and believe me that if something had... I would have already known.  Your voice tells me much more than your words will ever say.  It always has.  Just know that I wish that was me with you.”
“I know.  I can’t explain how I feel.  Cash, I love you.  I have since I was four, but I do like Joe.”
Cash starts to interrupt me when I cut him off.“But, I think after last night, I don’t know if Joe would ever try to pursue me due to us.  I am okay with that, I think.”
“I’d love to believe that, but Charley, I’m a guy and I think like a guy.  If he likes you like I think you might kinda like him, he’s not going to give up.”
“Whatever you say, Cash.”
“What you got going on this week?”
“We got practice, and I’m sure since Coach let us have a few days off, she’s going to kill us.  We have a meet coming up before Thanksgiving. Oh, and Joe and I are going to do the service project for Freshman Seminar.  I’m so excited about it!  We’re going to work at the special purpose school.”
“Hopefully you’re wrong about practice, but I doubt it.  Char, you are so good with those kids.  You know, you have a gift with them. I just always loved going to Special Olympics with you.  I hate to cut it short, but I gotta get ready for church.  Make sure you text me later.  I love you, Char-coal, and I’m so glad that you have support there.  I do miss you like crazy, and when you get home for break, you’re going to be in my arms.”
Eeeekkkkkk!  Just the thought of those arms make me weak.  When I thought that I was too good for Cash and that I wanted the popular guy, I soon realized that there is nothing better than a good ol’ country boy.
“I miss you, too. Love you,” I say as calmly as possible.
“Love you more, Char.”  We hang up.  I walk across the hall to Georgia, and we have a little girl talk.  I am glad that I have her, and it’s like I said before.  From day one, I knew she was going to play an important role in my life.  I knew I could trust her, and I’m glad that she knows most of the story now.
Practice is a bitch.  I think Coach is enjoying this way too much.  When we think that practice is coming to an end, she calls out one last set.  Damn.  The last set wasn’t as bad as I thought, but it could be due to the fact that my limbs are completely numb.  As we finish the final lap, Coach blows her whistle and has us meet at the end of the pool.  
“Girls, I hope that you enjoyed your weekend because it’s probably going to be the last fun one for a while.  We got our first meet the week before Thanksgiving.  I need you all to focus and get ready because it’s going to be a big one.  We haven’t beaten Livestone in over five seasons.  I know that with the talent on this team, we are going to shock the hell out of them.  Now, y’all get out of here, and I’ll see you in the morning.  Oh, and before I forget, plan on making your fall break shorter than planned ‘cause ladies, we gotta workout.” She sings ‘workout’ like She’s sexy and she knows it! Ha!
I roll out of the pool and drag myself to the locker room.  All the other girls do the same.
“So, if we have to come back early from break, who else do you think will have to do the same?” Georgia asks.
“Probably basketball I’m sure,” Tori comments.
“I mean, I hate to drive all the way home for like three days, but I was counting on fall break.  I miss home.  I don’t know about y’all?”  Georgia continues.
Yeah, I miss home, but mostly, I miss Cash.  He’s going to be upset when I tell him I won’t be home a full week.  I zone out to that thought, but am brought back to reality when Tori makes a smart comment about Joe staying with me.
“What did you say, Tori?”
“I said I think somebody is getting more action than they are letting on, or maybe Joe’s gay?  ‘Cause if a guy looks that good and isn’t getting any, he’s gotta be gay!”
“Well, I hate to burst your bubble, but no, he’s not getting any from me, and I can assure you he’s not gay.   Because those lips, holy moley!  Y’all think those eyes make ya wanna melt?  You should feel those lips!”
“Then, what’s the hold up, Char?  He did stay in your room last night, and the way y’all were dancing at Hank’s, I thought you might have needed to get a room.  Just sayin’!”
Tori cracks me up.  She has no problem putting it out there.  She’s definitely not quiet about her relationships with guys, and I guess she just expects that we are all like that.  I’m no prude, but my situation is different.
“Dang, Tori, give Char a break.  I mean, not everybody puts their love life, or lack thereof, out there like you do, ya know?”
Wow! I can’t believe that just came out of Georgia’s mouth.  She looks at me and smiles.  I totally get why she just did that.  She’s got my back.
We get ready and head back to Kluft.  I’m beyond exhausted.  I can’t wait to shower and relax.  We all decide to grab a pizza and watch a movie.  Before we even press Play, I get a text from Joe then Cash.  I can’t help but smile.  I find comfort in the fact that I have two guys who are willing to put their life on the line for mine, and I pray that the day never happens.
This week is filled with practice, practice, and more practice mixed with a little bit of class and a second to work with Joe on the Freshman Seminar project.  Joe and I have volunteered for four of the ten hours for our project by Saturday morning.
Saturday morning, Joe and I meet for breakfast before going to the local special purpose school.  Today, there is a softball tournament to raise money for equipment that the students need for their adaptive physical education class.  The school for these students is great and meets all their needs, but with so much technology these days, more can be done.
Joe and I arrive at the school and begin to set up the concession stand and donation table.  Joe’s coach is there, as well as mine, and before we know it, the stands are packed.  Taylor, a young boy with cerebral palsy, throws out the first pitch, and it’s game on.
I have never seen such a community pull together.  The teams were made of faculty from the school and then parents and students on the other.  Students were made a part of the game no matter their disability.  This is exactly why I loved the Special Olympics.  Every person can do something; you just have to figure out their strengths.  The game is full of excitement when a student gets a double and then due to an error, ends up a triple.  I’ve never seen a wheelchair move so fast in my life.
As the game comes to an end, Joe and I clean the concession stand and watch the last inning.  I enjoy watching these students, but the look on Joe’s face is priceless.  In fact, it’s almost as if this is kinda like home for him.  I need to make note of that.  I glance his way, and that is when I get caught.
“What, Squirrel?”
“Nothing, you just look like you’re having a good time.”
“Yeah, this is a great idea.  I haven’t done something like this in a long time.  It feels good to give back.”
Joe’s comment is more than just a comment.  I’m not sure what it’s about, but there is something there.
“Is there something you’re not telling me, Jackalope Joe?” I ask as I push into his shoulder.
He looks at me and smiles.  I can tell he wants to say something, but I’m not sure if he will.
“Here’s a fact that you can add to your list.  I have an abundant knowledge of special needs.  It kinda hits home for me.  My sister had cystic fibrosis.”  Even though he is smiling I can see the tears building in his eyes.
I wrap my arms around his waist.  By one word in that sentence I know that there is a lot of pain associated with this story, but also a lot of great memories.
We finish watching the game and talk to the students.  I can see Joe’s face as well as some of the students’ faces light up when they are talking.  It is the small things in life that matter, and today has helped me see that.  I have a past; I’m not okay with it, but in the grand scheme of things, I will survive and it will be all right.
I watch as Joe gives a little boy a high five and invites him to their next home game.  He looks at his mom, and she thanks Joe for his kindness.
After everyone clears out, Joe and I finish cleaning.  Joe’s coach stays to help us and then signs our paper for Dr. Cope.  Well, that is one more item on the Freshman Seminar completed.  I have to say I enjoyed every minute of today and might just have to come back with or without hours for a project to do.
Our ride back to campus is quiet.  I can tell Joe has something on his mind.  I think it’s time that he starts to talk. I feel like he’s hiding something, but I don’t know what it could be.  I take a minute and think back to what it could be. I have no clue.  
I take my hand and place it on Joe’s leg.  He looks at me confused.
“Joe, I don’t know what’s going through your brain, but something is bothering you.  You can talk to me.  You should know that by now.”
“I know, but I just don’t know what to say.  I mean, it could take all night,” he says as his voice breaks.  Those same glassy eyes begin to form, and my heart is breaking without knowing what is going on.
“Let’s not go back to campus yet.  You wanna go fishing?”  Joe looks at me and shakes his head no.  “Oh, we don’t have any poles anyway.  I got an idea.  You wanna go to the driving range?”
Joe’s face lights up.  With that hint of sunshine, we drive to the driving range.  As we pull up, I can see the excitement in his eyes.
“So, you’re going to have to show me how to do this ‘cause I’m clueless.”
“Really?  I’d never guess?!”  Smart ass!  I put my hands on my hips and just stare at him.  I just hope I have beginner’s luck.
Joe goes to pay. We get a set of clubs and then walk to the range.  I am so dead.
“How about I just watch?”
“Nice try, Squirrel, but I’m going to see what kinda swing you got going on there.”
After several failed attempts, I finally make contact with the ball, and I have to say I am shocked.  I did pretty well.
“Well, you do know how to hit it!”  Joe says with a smile.  I just wink and knock the hell outta the next five balls.
Joe stands there totally floored.  I think I just might have to help him pull his mouth off the floor.
“You are so full of it, aren’t you?  You’ve done this before!”
“Not this, I mean, I don’t golf, but Cash and I used to have this game growing up where we would find a stick and see who could hit rocks, hay, pretty much whatever we could find to hit.  Basically it’s just like golf minus the club and ball.”  I smirk.
“Damn redneck games!”
“Hey, who you callin’ a redneck?” I laugh.
He looks at me and points before mouthing the word you.
“Hey, you know, Joe, I can give you a lesson if ya like?”
“Oh, really?  I think I might like that.”  From the look on his face I know there is something else going on.  Surely, Cash isn’t right?
“Well, just so you know, I was going to surprise you, but I guess this has spoiled the fun.  You wanna know what your surprise is for class?”
He stops and looks at me, “But, of course, I do.”
“Quail Hollow.”
“Charley, you are full of shit.  There is no way you got me tickets to play at Quail Hollow.”
“Let’s just say it pays to know people.  And I know people.”
“Really? You’re not kidding, are you?”
“Nope.  Piper’s brother works there.  He said he could get you in.  I’m not saying it will be eighteen holes, but hey, something’s better than nothing, right?”
We finish the basket of balls we have and then decide to go back to campus.  I feel like Joe might open up, but I’m wrong. He doesn’t.  I just wish I knew what was bothering him.
When we get back to campus, I reach for the door handle only to have Joe stop me from getting out of the Jeep.
“Thanks, I had a great time today.  I haven’t had that much fun helping others since before Lucy passed away.  We used to always go to those events, but she got so sick and my parents fell apart after she died.  I don’t talk about it much because after Lucy died my family died, too.  Thanks, Squirrel, for letting her live another day.”
I looked at Joe, and I fell apart.  I never knew he had a sister, let alone that she was special needs, then to find out she isn’t alive.  Right then, I realized that even someone who looks so put together on the outside can be completely shattered within.  Joe is shattered within, and I want to help him pick up the pieces.
I take my hand and reach for his.  There aren’t words to comfort him, but I have to try.
“Joe, I don’t know what to say.  But it’s okay to let her live.  I’m sure that is what Lucy would want.  I don’t know what it’s like to lose a sister, and I couldn’t imagine losing Tessa.  I’m here for you.  You can tell me the rest of the story when you feel up to it if you want.”
He shakes his head, and I give him a kiss on the cheek.  We get out of the Jeep, and Joe walks me to my room.
“Thanks for a great day. I guess I’ll see you at Hank’s tonight?”  I look at him with a question in my eyes.
“I was thinking about skipping Hank’s tonight.”
“Oh.”  I pause.  “Do you want company?”
“That’s up to you.”
At this point in time, I’m not sure what I should do.  I want to go to Hank’s, everyone does, but I know that Joe needs someone.  I realize then that I can’t go to Hank’s, so I make plans to stay.
“I’ll stay with you.  You want me to come to your room?”
“Yeah, just give me about thirty minutes.”
Joe heads back to his dorm room, and as I’m about to shut my door, Georgia comes creeping in.
“Char, what the heck was that about?”
“We’re just not going to Hank’s tonight.  It’s been a long day.”
“I’m just surprised.  I thought with it being right before break, you wouldn’t miss it and Joe either.  I mean, I swear whatever y’all don’t have going on as you say… I wish I had with someone.”
“You ain’t right, G!”
The girls all start partying it up, and I take a shower and partake in one drink for pre-game purposes.  I don’t want to totally miss out, ya know?
“Alright, y’all.  I’ll see you when you get back.”
“Whatever, we’ll see you in the morning!”  Anna states matter-of-factly.
If looks could kill, Anna would be dead.  I see where they are coming from and they just wouldn’t understand anyway.  I tell them to shake their ass for me, and I’ll see them later.  I walk down the stairs, down the stoop, across the lawn, and into Irvin.
I reach Joe’s door, and it’s cracked.  I can hear him on the phone, and I knock before entering.  I can overhear him.  I’m not sure who he’s talking to, but I can tell he’s upset.  Still on the phone, he opens the door and lifts his finger to tell me to hold on.  I wait outside for what feels like forever.
“Sorry about that.  That was my grandma.”
I walk into his room timidly unsure of what he is or isn’t going to tell me.  I sit on the futon.  The TV is on some random channel.  He is still dressed in the clothes from earlier today.
“Is everything okay, Joe?”
“Yeah, I was telling Gran about today.  It’s just hard to talk about her, but Gran is the only one who still tries to keep her alive.  I’m gonna take a quick shower. Make yourself comfortable,” he says as he tosses me the remote.
Joe gets his stuff for the shower and then walks down the hall.  I take a few minutes to flip through the channels.  There is nothing on, and then I find Sweet Home Alabama on CMT.  I just love that movie; in fact, my dad does, too.  It makes me think of home.  I check my phone.  I send Tessa a message just to say hey ‘cause she never calls, but that is how she has always been.  As I get a reply and see that everything is okay, I can hear footsteps coming down the hall, but I don’t think much about it.  I get lost in the movie and then I realize that Joe has returned from his shower.  He is standing at his dresser in nothing but a pair of boxers.  Hot Damn!  I try to act like I’m still watching the movie, but sneak a peek when I can. That body is fine!
He throws on a pair of gym shorts and a t-shirt with the sleeves cut out.  I guess someone’s getting comfortable.  He walks toward me and sits on the futon.
“I love this movie!”he says as he gets relaxed.
“Really?”
“Yeah, my favorite part is when she realizes he’s not the loser she thinks that he is and actually makes something of himself.”
I just sit there.  My dad loves that part too, but his favorite is when the country boy gets the girl ‘cause that is how things are supposed to happen.
“Well, I’m glad you like my movie choice ‘cause I’m not changing it.  So, what’s for supper?”
“Ramen noodles?” he answers with a smirk.
“Fine by me.”
We microwave our supper. You know, what college kids don’t like Ramen?  We then continue to watch the movie.
I snuggle into Joe’s arm.  He is just so comfortable.  I almost doze off when I jump outta my skin.  You know the moment when you’re just about asleep, but your body decides to act like you’ve just been pushed off a cliff.  Joe just laughs.  I get comfortable again, and no words are said. I wake up at 2:30 a.m. to realize we have both fallen asleep.  I grab a blanket off Joe’s bed.  That’s when I hear Joe mutter something.  I can’t quite make it out.  I move back to the futon and cover us both.  Joe moves and semi wakes up.  He just smiles.  I cuddle into those arms, and as I’m just about asleep, I feel those lips touch my cheek.  Then he whispers, “Thank you.”  I open my eyes and smile.  I reposition myself to where I can look into those make ya wanna melt blue eyes.  I take both of my hands and place them on his cheeks.
“Joe, I’m just glad you felt that you could talk to me like I talked to you.”  I stare into those eyes and get lost because I am totally consumed by the need and desire he has within them.  He needs me for whatever reason, and I’m going to be there for him in whatever way I can.
Joe stares back into my eyes, and the space between us closes.  He looks at me as if to ask for permission.  I don’t answer; instead, I close the distance between us and show him that it is okay.  I can feel his hunger for me as he kisses me.  His hands start at the small of my back and work their way up to my neck.  I have never felt so needed in all my life.
“Char, we can stop.  I know how you feel about...”  I don’t give him time to say his name.  I take his mouth in mine and take control.  I can feel his desire beneath me, and I know that Joe can help erase the pain for me as well.  We can take both wrongs and make two rights.
I take the hem of my shirt and pull it over my head.  Joe stops and looks at me.  I nod yes.  He looks at me as if I’m unsure, and I decide to show him how sure I am.  I stand up from the futon and remove my shorts before going to straddle him.
“Char, I can’t.”
“Yes, you can, Joe.  I want every memory of that night with Dylan to be erased.  Help me, please!  I want you to now replace what has held me captive for too long.”
“But, you don’t want me forever.  You need to wait for someone that you want forever.”
“Please, don’t make me beg you.”  I kiss the inside of his neck right below his earlobe, and he gives in.
“Just promise me that this won’t change us.  We’re just friends, remember?” he says.
“Uh huh.”
He lifts me off him and carries me to his bottom bunk.  I forget everything that I felt with Dylan.  I take every inch of Joe in and treasure it.  As he shows me his feeling, I can feel a tear start to run down my face.  Yes, Charley, this is what you want.  You can do this.
Joe looks up at me, “Char, are you okay?”  He looks into my eyes and realizes I’m not.  He moves to my lips and kisses me down into my soul.  Then, he pulls himself from me and takes me into his arms.  He never says a word.  I cry myself to sleep.  I couldn’t go through with it.  Dylan still has control over me, and it has to stop.  At some time, it has to end.
I wake up the next morning feeling completely drained.  Joe is already awake and hands me a Coke to drink.
“How are you, Squirrel?  Really?”
“I’m so sorry, Joe.  I wanted to, but I just can’t. I mean, I like you and you mean a lot to me.  You are right; it needs to be forever.”
Joe takes a minute before he responds.  “That’s why I stopped.  I couldn’t let us take it to that level.  I care about you too much.”
After an awkward silence, I finally change the subject.  “What you going to do for break?”
“We have practice today and then we are good to go.  I heard y’all have to stay until like Wednesday?”
“Yeah, we got a big meet with Livestone before Thanksgiving.  Coach wants us to kick their ass.   We totally are by the way!”
“Never doubted it for a minute.  I was wondering if you could take me to the airport after practice Wednesday.”
“Sure.”
It is now close to noon, and the parking lot looks like a ghost town.  I guess everyone has left for break.  We have practice until Wednesday.  The campus is deserted except for several sports teams.  Joe is staying on campus as well and then flying home until Sunday.
I walk back across campus, and as soon as my toes hit the second floor of Kluft, it’s twenty questions.  What happened?  Why are you getting back at lunch?  Was Joe okay?  Did you get your freak on?  I tried to be as vague as possible.  I make it to my room and decide that a good conversation with Piper is needed.
“Piper, what you up to?”
“Packing. I’m heading home in a little while.  When are you coming?”
“Wednesday.  I got practice at seven, then I’ll be on my way.”
“What’s going on?  I can tell something’s up, girlie.”
“Let’s just say I almost erased Dylan from my life for good last night, but I couldn’t.”
“Shut the front door, with who? Oh, I can guess… JOE!”
“Yeah, a lot’s gone on though, Pipe.  He knows about Dylan, talked to Cash, and Joe and Cash are like Team Keep Charley Safe.  I mean, it’s great and all, but I just hope I didn’t mess stuff up last night.”
“I’m sure you didn’t.  Oh, before I forget, I heard there’s a party at the pool hall Friday night.  We are so there!  I can’t wait to see you!”
“Okay, well, I’ll see you Wednesday.”
I get ready for practice and wait on Georgia and Tori.  Dang!  They are still hungover.  I hate it for them, and I’m sure Coach is going to have fun with this.  I was right; Coach has fun with them being hung over.  We finish practice, and Tori and Georgia are now semi alive.  We eat dinner at Subway and go back to the dorm.  The RA’s are gone, and it’s just us.   It’s time for a slumber party in Kluft.  We all invite whomever we want over.  I bet Caroline is going to hate that she missed this!
We rent movies and create our own club on the hallway, thanks to the decorating of Hayden and Sarah.  I text Cash and tell him I’ll see him on Wednesday and at the pool hall on Friday, and then I text Joe.  At first, I think he is ignoring me, but then my phone chirps.
Joe: Can I bring my pj’s with the feet or be the one that brings the vodka?
Me: Both ;)
Joe:  See you in a few
I go out to help finish setting up the club in Kluft when I overhear Tori, “You know I heard that Charley had something going on with Dylan Sloan.”  Oh shit!   I sneak back into my room and listen to the remainder of the conversation.  I can hear Georgia basically telling Tori whatever, and then the subject changes.  As I’m about to walk out of my room, I feel someone’s presence, and I turn around to find Joe with vodka in hand.
“What are you hiding from?”
I take him and pull him into my room by the collar.
“Freakin Tori was talking about Dylan and me.  What the hell?  I hate Google sometimes.  It would be a lot easier if they couldn’t search me.”
“Squirrel, it’s okay.  They’ve forgotten that conversation already.  Now, what you wanna do?”
I close the door, smirk, and pull him to me.  Joe throws the vodka onto the bed and welcomes me into his arms.  I kiss him long and hard.  I don’t really know why; it just feels right.
“So, Squirrel. What? Are you using me now?”
I cross my arms and smirk. “Maybe.”
He laughs.  “I can live with that.  Come over here and let me use those lips again.”
We finally pull ourselves off each other and join everyone in the hall.  There is no mention of Dylan, and I’m glad.   We all fix a few adult beverages and dance the night away in our hall.  Club Purple, as Hayden calls it, is open for business.
At midnight, we shut down the club because practice is going to come way too early in the morning.  I have had my share of drinks tonight.  I haven’t felt like this since my first night on campus.
Joe begins to tell me goodnight when I shake my head no.  He’s staying with me, that is for sure.  I must be drunk, because before I realize what I’m doing, I’m taking off my clothes and putting on new pajamas.  I glance over my shoulder and notice that Joe is trying not to stare.  The thoughts of last night cross my mind.  Payback’s a bitch.
“Squirrel, was all that really necessary?”
“I think so.”
Joe has already made himself comfortable in my bed. I tell him to slide over and crawl in.  I know I haven’t talked to Cash.  I need to text him.
Me: Just checking in.  Doing good. See you 
Wednesday love u!
Cash: K Love u more :) 
I put my phone on the desk, pull the covers up to my chin and snuggle into Joe.  I’m in heaven right now.  Joe kisses me goodnight, and I have sweet dreams.

Chapter 11: Fall Break
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday are the same. Practice, practice, and more practice.  Wednesday morning comes quickly, and I already have my stuff ready to go home when I get a text from Joe that there has been a change of plans and he’s staying here.  Well, I guess I won’t have to worry about how I’m going to say goodbye at the airport.
I check on Tori and Georgia.  They are packing as well. Anna is going home with Tori, and Georgia is going home for a few days.  I tell them that I don’t have to take Joe to the airport, so I’m going to go tell him bye after I put my bags into the car.  We all close our doors in unison and walk out of Kluft as the second team that we are.  Hayden and Sarah meet us in the parking lot.  I hug everyone bye and tell them I’ll see them Sunday at practice.  I walk to the Honda, place my bags on the ground, dig out my keys from my purse, and unlock my car.  I start to bend down to get my bags when I hear someone yelling my name, or rather, my nickname.
“Squirrel!  Hold up.”  I stop what I’m doing and turn around to see Joe running across the lawn.  He’s just finished practice but has had a shower.  He is in a pair of cargo shorts and an American Eagle graphic tee.  His hair is still wet and only makes those eyes stand out more.  Not one ounce of muscle moves as he runs, and yes, I have seen that body and I know what it looks like under there, but it’s still fun to imagine.
He reaches my car and grabs my bags from me. 
“Let me help you with those.”  I willingly hand them over and lean against the car.
“What are you going to do since you decided not to fly home? What did you do with your ticket?”
“Well, Coach wants us back Saturday, so some of us guys are going to a cabin in Asheville for a few days to just relax. My teammate Mark has family who owns a house up there.”
“Relax? Don’t you mean party?” 
“Maybe.”
“What did your gran have to say?  Doesn’t that mean you lost money for the ticket?”
“Well, I always fly standby because my uncle works for the airline.  It’s no biggie, I’m out twenty bucks.”
“Oh.  Well, I’ll have to remember that if I ever need to fly.”
“For sure!  Maybe we could all go somewhere for spring break?”
“Sure, but quit avoiding the subject. What did your gran say?”
“Well, she was sad, but understood.  She figured it was wishful thinking.  She knew there was a chance of another practice.”
“We have to be back Sunday.  So, I guess I’ll see you then.”
“You bet.  Now, come here.”
I uncross my arms and walk to Joe.  He wraps his arms around me and hugs me like I’m leaving for good, and then he kisses my forehead, nose and lips ever so softly.
“See ya Sunday and tell Cash hey for me, will ya?”  What are they like bff’s now that they are Team Keep Charley Safe?
“Sure, see you Sunday.”
I pull myself away from his arms and then back into my seat.  I close the door, buckle up, crank the car, and drive to Grassy Pond.
I make it home in record time. I’m not sure if it’s due to my anxiety or my lead foot.  I’m voting for the lead foot.  It’s just past lunch time, and Tessa is at school.  Dad’s truck is gone and Mama is at work.  I take a minute to breathe when Blue brushes up against me.  “Hey, boy,” I say as I rub his ears, I pop the trunk and grab my bag.  I look around the farm and nothing has changed.  Everything is exactly where it was when I left a few weeks ago.  I make my way to the porch and run my bags to my room.
I grab a Choice Cherry Gold from the fridge and make my way to the swing on front porch.  I push open the screen door and get comfortable.  I stretch out across the swing and before I know it, I can feel something wet on my hand.  I realize that I’ve fallen asleep and Blue is trying to wake me up.
“Yuck, Blue!”  I didn’t realize how tired I was until this moment.   I decide to get my ass in gear and go help out on the farm.  I walk across the porch and start to open the door when I hear a car coming up the drive.  I know that sound anywhere.  Piper.
I hear the car door slam, and we both squeal in delight!  I hustle from the front porch and act like a total spaz the closer I get to her.  It’s perfectly fine because she is like my mirror image.
“Dang, Pipe, you get any more sun and you’re gonna have to check a different ethnicity.”
“Hey, don’t hate ‘cause I’m not a ghost like you.”
“Now, seriously, what you been up to?”
“Not much, but I will have to say that I love the beach life. Oh, and class, too.”
“Yeah, I love Southern, but I do miss here.”
“Girlie, you mean to tell me you really miss this place?” 
“Afraid so, I was about to go do a little work. You wanna go?”
“Me work on the farm?  I thought you’d never ask!”
Piper and I are polar opposites.  She didn’t do farm work or any work unless she was at my house, and then for some reason, she couldn’t get enough.
“Well, come on. Let’s go check on Joker.”
Piper and I stop at the barn to put fresh water and feed out for the horses, pigs, and cows.  I even talk Piper into going into the chicken house, which she never does because that’s a little too far in her book.  Something about invading their privacy.  I think she’s just chicken shit.  We finally make our way out to Joker.  He is staked out in the lower field to the right of the pond.  He’s happy and on our side of the fence.  This makes me smile.  For once, Joker is behaving. 
Piper and I decide to take a quick boat ride to the island in the middle of the pond.  We take the john boat and push it into the water, hop in and paddle our way to the island.  I know that we need time to catch up and what better way than in the middle of a pond soaking up some Vitamin D, even if it is almost winter.
Piper and I talk about everything that has happened since my birthday.  I fill her in on Cash, Joe, Homecoming, Hank’s and the Freshman Orientation project.  I do leave out the envelope and pictures that are buried underneath the club about thirty feet away. 
“Ohmygawsh, Piper.  I wish you could have seen Joe at Homecoming H-O-T!”
“Oh, he’s H-O-T all right, and if I were you, I’d be all about that!”
“We’ve been messing around, but since that one night, nothing that far.  Honestly, I really think he’s more your type.”
“I’m not so sure about that, but he does have that surfer dude look that I love.”
I glance at my watch and realize it is well after four o’clock.  We have to get back, and if Tessa knows we’ve been out here, she’s gonna be pissed.
Piper and I continue to just chat it up as we make our way back to the house.  I am in trouble because, sure enough, Tessa’s home and waiting. 
“Char, you mean to tell me you couldn’t wait two hours for me to get home before going to the pond?  You know I don’t ever get to go out to the island because I’m not allowed to without someone.”
“Sorry, Tessa.  We really just went to check on the animals and feed ‘em then had time to kill.”
“I’ll forgive you this once,” she replies as she hugs me.  I. Have. Missed. Her.
We all make our way into the house and take a seat at the kitchen counter.  I grab us each a drink. As I hand Piper hers, I hear a knock on the screen door. Cash.  I toss her the drink, do a happy dance, and smile.
“I’ll be right back.”  Piper starts making kissy faces at me, and Tessa joins in.
I walk out of the kitchen toward the front door.
“Cash, is that you?”
As I turn left from the kitchen doorway, I can smell the Lacoste cologne, and I know I am right.  I make the turn to walk to the foyer and run smack dab into Cash.
“Slow down there, Char-coal.”  My body stumbles backward from running into his. He grabs my arm and retracts me into his body in one fluid motion.  He takes his arms and folds them around my shoulder blades and takes a deep breath.
“Watcha doing, Cash Money?”
“Breathing you in.  I don’t ever want to forget the smell of Aruba Coconut.” 
“You do know it comes in a bottle, right?”
“But not with a splash of Charley.”
“I can’t argue there.  Hey, Piper’s here.”
“I know; I saw her car.”
I start to pull myself away to walk back to the kitchen, but as I try, Cash holds on tighter.  He starts to laugh, and I finally give up because I know I can’t win with him.   I just look up at him with puppy dog eyes and finally he lets me go, or so I thought. Instead, he tightens the reins and I look up.  Mistake numerouno.
Cash smiles his crooked grin and moves closer to me.  Just as I think that he is going to kiss me, he lets go and starts to walk toward the kitchen.  As if he’s reading my mind, he turns back around, takes three large steps, wraps his arms around me once more, lifts me off the ground and brings my lips to his.  As I kiss him, my left leg pops, ya know, like the one in The Princess Diaries, and I thought that mess just happened in fairy tales.  Our moment is totally ruined when I hear Piper, “Get a room!  The Super 8 charges by the hour!”  With our lips barely touching, we laugh together.
“Guess we better get in there?”
“Yeah, I haven’t seen Piper in a hot minute.  I still can’t believe she is just now coming home.”   I look at Cash like he’s on crack.  He just shrugs his shoulders, and we walk to the kitchen.
“About damn time, you two!  I love Tessa and all, but at least if you are going to make out, give us a little piece of the action.”
Cash looks at me, and before I can think, he starts to go in to kiss me, but then does a one-eighty, puts his hand over Piper’s mouth and fake kisses her.  Her arms are flapping, trying to get him to stop, Tessa is about to pee in her pants, and I’m right behind her.  This is why I love Cash.  He knows exactly what to do in any given moment.  When he knows he’s about to have crossed the line, he backs away from Piper like he is a true gentleman and kisses her hand.
“You are so dead, Cash!  You just wait!”
After a little small talk, Piper heads home, Tessa goes to Sally’s, Mama and Dad get home, supper is fixed and eaten, and Cash goes home. 
I go up to my room and decide to call it a night.  I sleep like I haven’t in ages until four in the morning.  I wake up in a puddle of sweat and a nightmare that is fresh in my mind.  One word. Dylan.
I get out of my bed and walk down the hall to Tessa’s room.  She is knocked out, and I slide in the bed with her.  I doze back off and wake up to the sounds of our rooster, Big Byrd, calling to rise and shine.  I roll out of bed, throw on my clothes and go help Dad with the chores on the farm.
“Char, what you doing up so early?”
“Just thought I’d help ya out.  I’m sure Tessa isn’t getting up anytime soon.”
“You’re right about that.  How about you take the Gator out to Joker and feed him and then stop by the pigs and feed them, too?”
“You got it.”  I load up the Gator with feed and slop and make my way toward Joker.  You know that goat is a pain in my ass, but I’ll always owe him.  If it weren’t for him, who knows what would have happened to me?  I take my time feeding him and the pigs and slowly make my way back to the house. Then it dawns on me. Bacon! My mama’s breakfast.  I haul ass back to the house, and as soon as my foot hits the front step, I can smell that familiar aroma of hot grease sizzling on a cast iron frying pan. Bacon.
“Well, look what the bacon dragged in.”
“Hey, you know me and bacon.”
Mama finishes cooking breakfast, and we all sit at the table to eat.  There is just something about a country-style breakfast.  The café sure doesn’t even come close.  After breakfast, Tessa and I wash and dry the dishes.  As we are wiping down the table, I hear my phone chirp. 
Joe: Hope you’re enjoying home.  Mtns r awesome.
This makes me smile, but I don’t know what to reply to it.  Tessa can see the wheels turning in my mind.
“Who was that, Char?”
“This guy named Joe.”  She looks at me like she could kill me.
“What?!” I say as I throw my hands into the air.  “Cash knows if that’s what you’re thinking.”  With that one comment, I know that I have opened up a topic I’m now going to have to fill in the blanks.
“Start talkin, Char.”  Before I start, I reply to Joe.
Me: :) 
Then I turn to face the music with Tessa.
She is seated on the other side of the counter on a stool with her elbow propped up and her hand under her chin.  Good gracious, she’s waiting. I pull out a stool on the opposite side and take a deep breath.  I take my time explaining to Tessa about what has been going on with Joe, Cash and me.  I also tell her that Dylan is trying to continue to control me, but I have it under control and that is why Joe and Cash know of each other.  I only tell her what she needs to know.  I don’t want her to be in danger just due to knowing too much.  After I spill my guts, Tessa sits there with her arms folded.
“You know what?  I can’t believe you haven’t told me all of this!  No wonder you were so quiet when you were home for the Dixon-West game.  I thought it was just because you and Cash were getting so close.”
“Tessa, I told you we’re just trying to stay as close to friends as we can.  But, I will say that I’m glad that Joe knows because I can at least breathe a little bit at school.”
Tessa sits there searching for words.  She removes her hand from her chin and sits up.  “If you think that I’m going to sit here and believe all of that, you’ve got another thing coming.  I know you like them both no matter what you say, but if Dylan keeps up this shit somebody’s going to get hurt.  You have got to talk.”
I just shake my head no.
“Char, he’s just going to keep doing this.”
As I’m about to argue, Mama walks back into the kitchen.  “Who is going to keep doing what?”  I look at Tessa with pleading eyes.
“Oh, nothing, Mama.”  She stops dead in her tracks and gives us this bullshit kinda look.
“Girls, there are some things that a mama knows, and I know right now that you aren’t telling me anything close to the truth, so talk.”  Here we go again.
“Really, Mama, it’s nothing. Char and I were just talking about a guy that likes me at school and won’t quit putting notes in my locker.”
“Nice try.  Try again,” Mama says with her hands on her hips.
“Okay, I got a letter from Dylan.  He just won’t leave me alone.  I’m so done with him.”
“Char, sweet girl, I know the way things ended with Dylan were bad.  In fact, I know you haven’t told me why you really broke up, but just don’t let him get to you.”
The fact that my parents only know what I wanted them to about Dylan and me makes this hard.  I have to be extremely careful at how I word what I say.  They think I got tired of him controlling me; they have no idea that he raped me.  If so, he would have been dead a long time ago.  Some secrets are better kept that way, and I plan never to tell my parents.
“I know; it’s just hard when he keeps trying to walk back into my life in the smallest ways.”
Now that Mama is satisfied by the answer I have given her, she leaves Tessa and me alone to finish cleaning the house.
“Char, I can’t believe she keeps buying that crap!  One day you are going to have to tell her.”
“Not anytime soon.”  I take the rag from the counter, drape it across the sink and walk out of the kitchen.  I am done with this conversation.  I decide a little more farm therapy is in order.  I walk out the screen door and onto the porch, look out into the beautiful place I call home, take a deep breath and hustle down the steps in my boots to help Dad in the barn.
I spend the entire day out on the farm.  It’s cold. There isn’t a garden to pick, but there is still work to do, not to mention that deer season is around the corner.
“Hey, Dad, have you seen any big bucks around yet?”
“Yeah, the one is still around.  I swear that one is going to be the death of me.  He’s going on my wall one of these days.”
“That is if I don’t get him first.”
“That’s my girl!  How ‘bout you take this corn and go put it out near the fence line?  Check the stand, too.”
I load the corn onto the Gator and then take off.  I make my way to the fence line.  I put out the corn and hear a four-wheeler in the distance.  As I begin to pull the bag of corn off the Gator, I look over my shoulder to see Cash approaching.  He turns off the engine and hops off.  “Char, let me get that.”  I stop exactly what I’m doing because to continue would be a bad idea.  Cash doesn’t do well with me trying to be independent.  I step back and let him do the work.  Once he has the bag off the Gator, I help him put it out.  He looks and smiles my way.  We make a great team.
“So, the old man still trying to get the big one?”
“But, of course.  You know if I get him first, Dad just might cry.”
“I know.  If I’m in a stand and got a good shot, he’s mine.  I know I won’t hear the end of it, Char, but it will so be worth it.”
After we finish putting out the corn, Cash follows me to the stand.  Dad has already put the stand on my favorite tree.  I just make sure that it’s at my right angle.  Just the thought of climbing that tree stand makes me excited and the thought of opening day makes me want to climb that stand right now.
“Char, it’s a few weeks away for gun season. Slow down, why don’t ya?”
“Sorry, Cash Money. You know how I am when it comes to hunting.  I live for opening day of gun season.”
“Yeah, speaking of that, what are you going to do?  You’ll be at school.”  I have already run through this scenario in my mind.  I can’t have a gun on campus, and I don’t have land.  I might have to come home.  As I let these thoughts work through my brain, I hear Cash say, “Race ya to the house.”  Damn him!  He cheated!
Cash beats me to the house by a mile.  When I get back, I give him a piece of my mind, and he just laughs.  He puts his arm around my shoulder, and we walk to the front porch swing.  We sit and he puts his hand on my leg while we swing back and forth.  I have spent so much time in this one spot and each time it gets better.  There is just something special about an old farmhouse with a front porch swing that looks into the beautiful country.  That is an experience that everyone should have at least once.
“Cash, I think I could stay like this forever.”  Forever.
“Me too, but I have to get home soon.  What you got planned tomorrow?”
“Helping Dad, I guess, and Piper mentioned some party at the pool hall.”
“She’s not been home in a few months and can still know what’s going on.  I was going to see if you wanted to ride with me.  Piper can too if she wants.” 
“I’ll check with her and see.  I think she wanted to go together, but maybe I can just ride home with you?” 
“That’ll work.” Cash takes his hand and squeezes my leg.  “I’ll call you later.  I love you.”  He kisses me gently and stands up.  “I love you, too.”  I wave bye as he walks to his four-wheeler and rides off into the country sunset.
When I can no longer see Cash, I finally decide to get off my rear and head into the house.  I walk up the staircase to my room and text Piper about tomorrow.  She’s good with us going together and me catching a ride home with Cash.  We then decide to talk after while about plans for tonight.  I then realize that I have another missed text from Joe.
Joe: Hope everything is ok.  Haven’t heard from u.
Me: I’m good been working on farm, exhausted!
Joe:  See you Sunday :)
Me: :)  have fun!
I put my phone on my dresser, grab a change of clothes and then take a quick shower.  I don’t know what tonight will bring, or if I will have any plans, but I’m definitely not going smelling like the farm.  For all I know Piper and I could have a total girls’ night at her house and eat a gallon of cookie dough ice cream.
As I’m drying my hair, Tessa comes into the bathroom, closes the door, and hops onto the counter.  She has a look of worry all over her face.  I’m not sure what it’s about, but I’m almost positive that I can guess.
“Tessa, what’s up?  I know you have something on your mind.”
“Char, I’m worried about you.  You have got to talk to someone about all this Dylan mess.  He’s not going to stop.  I’m scared he’s going to hurt you again.”
“Stop right there, Tess!  He’s not going to get anywhere near me.  I’m making sure of that.  I have Cash and Joe to help watch out.  Have you heard any talk about him at school?”
“Not much, except that he’s still on full scholarship at Ridings University.  I know like you said before that’s Division I and Southern’s Division II, but I can’t help but feel like he’s gonna show up somewhere.  I don’t think he’s home now, though.”
“Hey, will you grab my makeup for me?”  Tessa nods and hands it over.  “Well, I’m glad that he’s not here.  I want to be able to enjoy break without thinking he’s going to show up.  What are you doing tonight?”
“I was gonna see if you wanna hang out, maybe go to a movie or something, but looks like you got plans already.”
“Nah, Piper and I are trying to figure something out, but we got as far as cookie dough and a movie.  I’d love for you to hang with us if you want.”
“Of course, you had me at cookie dough!”she says with a wink.
“I don’t know why I’m getting all dolled up to sit with y’all two tonight.”
“I do!  You’re hoping Cash shows up later, or better yet, Joe!”  I throw my hairbrush at her and she ducks.
“You suck!”
Then the door swings open, “Who sucks?  I got tired of waiting to hear from you, so bam here I am!”
“Piper, you never cease to amaze me.”
“Oh, I’m even better than you thought!  I have your favorite movie and cookie dough already waiting!  Only things that would make it better are a pair of fluffy bedroom slippers and Choice Cherry Gold.”
“I can help you girls with all of that!”  Mama yells as she puts towels into the linen closet.
I’m so glad she didn’t hear my earlier conversation.  Tessa and I look at each other with that same exact thought.  We make our way to my room, put in Sweet Home Alabama, peel off the lid to the ice cream and dig in.  No. Bowl. Necessary.  Mama brings up the drinks and the slippers.  I mean, really, where did she get those?  Oh, wait!  This is my mama we’re talking about!
“Y’all girls have fun, and I’ll have breakfast in the morning.”  She pulls the door to, and we enjoy a night of just us girls.
“Char, how the hell does your mama always have anything you can think of?  Does she own her own thrift shop?”
“Pipe, I have no idea, but she always comes in handy.”
“Do you remember that time we had to dress up like Medieval Knights, and she was all like, give me fifteen minutes and I’ll have a costume for ya?!”
“Or what about when she used to dress up for like every holiday at school?  Which was all fine and dandy until middle school.  She showed up after a party in Tessa’s class dressed like the Easter Bunny.  I thought you were gonna die on the spot!”
“Well, Pipe, if she would have stayed in the car, it would have been all right, but nooooo, she had to get something outta the trunk.”
I just love my mama.  She is everything a girl could want and more.  She could be embarrassing as all get out, but she was always there growing up.  I don’t know why I couldn’t tell her about Dylan.  I get lost in thought, Tessa and Piper get quiet, and then we jump outta our skin when we hear a knock on the window.
“Hey, ladies! Didn’t mean to crash your party, but I just had to get a glimpse for old time’s sake.”
When Piper and I were younger, Cash made it a habit to crash our girl time.  Honestly, I think he was jealous.  It was always he and I, then Piper got in the picture, and this was his way of making his presence known.
“Girls, those slippers are sexy. You know it, right?”  Tessa chunks a pillow at him, and it’s on.  I will have to say that three against one are pretty good odds, and before long, Cash throws in the flag and just asks for some ice cream.
We all get quiet and watch the movie.  Every now and then Cash brushes his hand against mine, and I can’t help but smile.  After the movie, Cash climbs back out of the window, and we decide to call it a night.  All three of us pile in my bed.  There is something to be said about girls and a sleepover.  A lot of great ideas, thoughts, and schemes are made during the wee hours of the night.
At some point, we all pass out and wake up to my favorite type of alarm clock... the smell of bacon!  Sure enough, there are pancakes, bacon, eggs, and grits.  Mama has outdone herself as usual.  I think we could feed the entire Dixon football team with what she’s fixed.  After breakfast, Piper heads home, Tessa goes to Sally’s, and I decide to text Cash to see what his plans are for the day.
Me: Watcha doin?
Cash: Not much, just got done with chores, gotta go take a few things to town for Dad
Me: K
Cash: Wanna go?
Me:  Well duh!
Cash: Be ready in 10
Me:  I’ll b ready in 5
Knowing that I am no where near ready, I make a mad dash upstairs, throw on my jeans, a long-sleeved Southern swimming t-shirt, boots, pull my hair into a messy bun, graze my lips with gloss, add a little blush and eyeliner, and I’m ready to go.  I have three minutes to spare.
I walk down stairs to find Cash waiting. Dang!  I thought I had him.  Ah, well, he’s used to waiting on me.
“Five minutes, huh?”  Both Mama and he are laughing.
“Cash, honey, I haven’t seen someone run so fast in my life.  I thought she was on fire or something.”
I stand there with my hands on my hips, “Seriously, is that all y’all have to do?  Make fun of me?  Hellllloooooo, it takes time to look this good!”
The entire room bursts into laughter.  I am blessed to have them in my life.  What it would do to my mama to know about Dylan and me.  It would kill her.  Deciding to make light of the situation before I turn it into a sappy moment, I grab Cash’s hat and make a beeline for the door.  He never takes that thing off, and when he does, he has a ring around his head the size of Saturn.
“Char-coal!  I’m gonna get you for that!”
I burst through the screen door and run toward his truck.  I jump in and put the hat on.  He opens the driver’s door and climbs in with one quick movement.
“Gimme that hat, Char.”
Without moving, I remove the hat from my head and pass it to him, but not before he slides over and tickles the hell outta me.  
“Okay, okay.  I’m sorry! Stop! I’m gonna pee all over myself and your truck!”
Cash stops, takes his hat, puts it back on, smiles, and to town we go.
The ride to town is full of us serenading each other in the worst possible singing voices you have ever heard.  Each time I think that I’ve outdone him, I slowly realize that he has beaten me hands down.  We stop at the hardware and feed store, stop by his farm to drop everything off, and then he takes me back home.
“I’m glad I got to spend some time with that wonderful voice of yours today.  I’ll see ya tonight at the hall.”
“You bet!  I’m gonna kick your ass!  I think Piper and I’ll get there pretty early.  She said that Justin and a few others were going there tonight, too.”
The look on Cash’s face says it all.  I know what he is thinking.  If Justin is there, who else is going to be there?
“I know what you’re thinkin,’ Cash.  Tessa said he’s not in town.  She was worried and was listening around school.”  You can see the tension release from his brow.  Not to say that I hadn’t already thought about that scenario playing out.
“Aight, I’ll see you then. Oh, and Char, make sure you take the full ten minutes to get ready tonight!”
My mouth falls to the floor, “Just for you, Cash Money, I’ll take fifteen!”  With a wink, I open the truck door, slide out and wave bye.
I enjoy the rest of the day relaxing.  I do decide that I need to get ready, and yes, I’m going to look damn good tonight, especially after that smart ass comment from Cash.  I take my iPod to the bathroom, turn on the radio and sing my heart out in the shower.  As I’m drying my hair with the towel, I hear my phone chirp.  I glance down and read the text from Piper.
Piper: Wanna grab a bite to eat at the Burger Shack before we go to the hall?
Me: Sure
Piper: C ya at 6
Me: K
I take a walk to the closet. What to wear? What to wear?  Most of my clothes are at school.  I look through my bag, not much there.  I grab my jeans and a long-sleeved brown shirt.  Plain Jane!  I gotta do better than this.  Tessa!  Still in my towel, I go to Tessa’s closet. Bingo!  There is a navy knitted gilet.  Don’t know how long she’s had it, but the tag is still on it.  That will go great with the shirt, and I have the accessories to match.  I take it back to my room, toss it onto the bed, and go back into the bathroom to finish getting ready.  I take my time with my hair and makeup, a good twenty minutes to be exact, and then decide to get dressed.
I put on my jeans, shirt, and Tessa’s knit cover, grab my deer skull brass necklace, farrel wrap bracelet, earrings that look like a monkey’s fist knot, and add my boots.  I take one look into the mirror and tell myself that I look good.  It does sound conceited I know, but sometimes ya gotta boost your self-esteem.  I put my phone into my pocket, grab my license and some cash and go downstairs to wait for Piper.
Mama, Dad, and Tessa are eating supper.  I take my normal seat and just enjoy a little family time before Piper gets here.  Before long, Piper comes bebopping in looking like she’s all decked out and ready to go somewhere a lot nicer than the pool hall.
“Pipe, it’s the pool hall, remember?  No need to get all fancy!”
“Shoot, Char. Who knows who we’ll run into, and I gotta keep my eyes open.”
Dad, Mama, and Tessa all look at each other.  Some things never change, and Piper is one of them.  They love her has much as I do, but sometimes my parents think she’s gone a little too far.  They are used to simple.
“Girls, y’all have fun tonight.  Be careful and call us if you need us.”  I look at my mama like, seriously?
“No need to worry, Cash’s bringing me home tonight.”  The look on my dad’s face says it all.  He knows I’m going to make it home tonight, might not be the physical house, but I’ll be at the farm.  Piper and I make our way out of the kitchen and out the front door.  We hop into her car and head to the Burger Shack.
When we pull in, the Shack is packed.  There aren’t many options for dining out in Grassy Pond, but we aren’t missing anything much ‘cause these are the best burgers you have ever put in your mouth.  I can’t wait to have the “Shack Special.”My mouth starts watering just talking about it. Hamburger, cheese, chili, mayo, pickles, and BACON, of course!
Piper and I walk in and the smell of grease hits us like a heat wave. The decor still looks like the 1960’s, vinyl seats, and Ms. Betty is still working along with Ms. Carolyn.  They have worked here since I can remember.  We look to our right and see Justin and a few others from high school.  Justin waves for us to sit with them.  I look at Piper, and she smiles as we walk over.  I sit and listen to their stories, what’s new, and what they’ve heard around here.  We order and relax while we wait.
Within minutes our orders are placed in front of us with a smile and warm wishes of us all being back in town.  We thank Ms. Betty and dig in. Oh-my-gawsh!  This burger is better than I remember.  The ooey gooey mess is the best part.  That’s how you know it’s good.  I’m about halfway through my burger when the door opens to the Burger Shack.  I almost choke on my burger right then.  I look up to the sight of Dustin Sloan, Dylan’s younger brother. I suddenly feel the need to vomit.  Dustin looks our direction and smiles the exact perfect smile like Dylan’s.  He waves and walks toward our table.  You have got to be kidding.  Time to put on the big girl panties for sure!
“Hey, Charley. How’s school?”
“Great actually!  Just home for a few days for break before I have to get back.  How are your parents?”
“They are good, and Dylan’s doing great, too, in case you’re wondering.”
The mention of his name makes me begin to sweat like a hooker in church.  I take a few slow breaths before replying.
“Actually, I wasn’t wondering.  I got someone new in my life.  The world doesn’t revolve around Dylan Sloan, even though he thinks so.”
“That’s good to know, Charley, because personally you can do better than him, anyways.”
I feel the air fall from my lungs. Was Dustin taking my side?  There has got to be something up with this entire scenario.  We finish making small talk, eat our food, and Piper and I are outta there.  As soon as we are in Piper’s car, I take a deep breath, relax, and finally decide to look over at her.
“So, was it that obvious?”
“Actually, Char, you did great other than about dropping that burger in your lap.  I think I’m probably the only one that noticed.”
“Well, that’s a relief!  Now, let’s get your beer before we head to the hall.”
“Girl, I got my brother to get me some this afternoon.  We don’t even have to find Old Man Bill to get it for me.”  Old Man Bill is a guy who will buy booze for anyone that’s underage.  As long as you give him a tip or a beer from your case, he’s a happy camper.
She puts the car in drive and to Turtle’s Pool Hall we go.  We pass through town and drive three miles, make a turn on Curtis Lane and we are there.  The pool hall is placed in an even smaller community than Grassy Pond called Turtle’s Corner.  There isn’t even a stoplight; instead, there’s one stop sign at the local gas station/grocery store, and a few produce stands that are open during the summer.
We pull into the gravel parking lot. Piper pops a top, and I take one to calm my nerves. We just sit for a few minutes.  Piper downs another one, and we are ready to kick some ass in a game of pool.
Piper pulls down her visor and checks her makeup, adds gloss, passes it to me, puts two beers into her purse, and we walk arm and arm to Turtle’s.  I reach for the screen door and open it and the wooden door behind it.  It’s smoky, smells of skunked beer, and country music is playing on the old jukebox.  Mark and Sammy are working the bar. They look our direction, throw up a hand, and go back to work.  All the regulars are still regulars.  Piper and I walk to a free table, rack the balls, and start game one.
Within thirty minutes, Turtle’s is getting crowded.  Justin and his crew have arrived, Tessa and Sally are here, and the regulars.  After we finish the game, we ask Tessa and Sally if they wanna play with us, and Piper pulls a beer out of her purse.  At Turtle’s, as long as your beer is the same as what they serve, they don’t say a word about underage drinking.
I walk to the bar and ask Sammy for a Choice Cherry Gold.  We make small talk.  I have always thought he was cute as button.  He has the good ol’ boy look going on.  He’s clean shaven, keeps his hair short, and has a perfect tan year round.  He asks me about school, swimming, and that’s when my phone beeps.  I look down, and it’s a text from a number I know, but have tried so hard to erase from my memory. Dylan.  My insides begin to shake, and Sammy looks at me like he’s afraid I’m going to pass out.  To look or not to look at the text is the question.  He has a way with always ruining a great night.  How is that possible?  It’s like he can always see me.
I decide to look at it, if not, it will drive me crazy the remainder of the night.  I open my message app and click on the new message.  I’m not sure exactly what I planned to see, but this wasn’t it.  It is Joe and another girl at a cabin with minimal clothes on.  How the hell is he doing this?  How does he know where everyone is, gets these pictures, and gets into my head?  I have no right to feel the way I do because Joe and I aren’t together.  Heck, we all know I’m not going to put out.  I close my phone and focus my attention back on Sammy.
As we wrap up our conversation, I feel the hard-working hands that I have known since I was four wrap around my waist as he whispers into my ear, “Let me rescue you from Sammy.”  I just smile, tell Sammy I’ll see him in a little while, and walk back to the table with Cash.  I take a minute to glance at Cash as we walk, jeans that fit just right on his ass, a button down shirt that’s not tucked in, boots, and no hat.  That dark hair is just perfect, and the smell of his cologne alone is intoxicating.  Piper is looking my way with that I know what you are thinking look.
“‘Bout time you got back, Charley.  I thought you were going to be a barfly all night.”
“Aw, hush, Pipe. You know you like looking at Sammy as much as any girl in here.  Who knows, now that you’re outta high school he might actually give you the time of day,” I say with a smirk.  
Piper just ignores the comment and picks up her pool stick for her next shot.  Cash takes me and pulls me onto his lap.  I swear, there is nothing better than being around friends that you have known forever.  After that picture from Dylan, I’m feeling a little out of my element, and I already know that Cash has noticed.  He hasn’t said anything yet, but he will.  He pulls me in tight and whispers into my ear, “Are you okay?”  I try to ignore it, but that is when I notice Dustin coming through the door.  I can feel Cash’s arms around me tighten.
I turn around, place my arms around his neck, and mouth to him it’s okay.  He looks at me like I’ve lost my damn mind, so I do what anybody would do in this situation.  I place my hand on Cash’s jawline, smile, and give him a soft, sweet kiss.  When I pull away, I can tell that he is still focused on Dustin.  I take him by the hand, give Piper the we’ll be back in a few look, and pull him out to his truck.
“Get in the cab, Cash.”  He does as I ask and closes the door.  “Look. I saw Dustin at the Burger Shack.  It amazes me that he has no clue about his asshole of a brother.  Don’t get all riled up over nothing.  I’m fine.”
“Something’s up, Char.  I know it as well as you do.  So either start talking, or we’re going home right now.”
“Fine.”  I take my phone out of my pocket, open up the messages and hand it to him.  He grins...he freakin’ grins!
“Looks like Joe’s having fun, but where did it come...”  He stops mid-sentence.  He doesn’t need me to answer.  “That piece of shit!  How is he doing this, Charley?  He has someone on the inside.  It has to be someone in that house with Joe.”   The thought that someone Joe trusts is part of the problem makes my stomach turn flips.  Cash and I just sit... sit... and think.
Without saying a word, Cash pulls me tight into his arms.  I. Am. Safe.
“You wanna go home, Char-coal?” he whispers.
“Hell no!  I will not let him control me!  Let’s go back in and have fun.  I have to go back to school soon.  He needs to realize that I’m not scared of him and his bullshit.”
“Char, calm down.  You can’t go back in there like that.  Everyone will be asking twenty questions.  We can talk about this tonight after we shut Turtle’s down.”
“Now you’re talkin.’ Come on, Cash Money!  My money’s on us tonight!”
Cash looks at me with his half-crooked grin and yanks me from the truck.  We walk back into Turtle’s and everyone’s eyes are on us.  I know what they are thinking, and let them think.  I grab Cash’s hand, lace my fingers through his, pull him close and just let them think.  Cash looks at me with a wink, and it’s time to play some pool.
“About damn time, you two!”  Piper hollers from across the table.  I just shrug my shoulders.  She knows better than anyone that nothing went on in that truck.  She also knows that now Cash is here, she has lost her partner tonight at the pool table.  She turns to Justin, saunters up to him, puts on the charm by talking sweet and putting her hand on his chest.  I can only imagine what she is saying to him, but it works.  She has a new partner now.
We all throw our money onto the table, then draw for who we’re up against during round one.  We draw Jordan and Jackie.  This is going to be easy.  Jackie just stands there and looks pretty, and I’m right.  We shut them down quickly.  Justin and Piper get beat by Logan and Tina; Dustin and Kara beat Matt and Jenny.  We all know each other, but aren’t necessarily friends.  It’s just for fun.
It’s time for round two.  We are up against Justin and Piper, which is fun, but the final round is beyond intense.  We have to play Dustin and the tension in Cash’s shoulders lets me know this isn’t going to be good. He’s ready to beat the hell outta him, even though he’s innocent.
While we wait for them to finish playing Jordan and Jackie, Cash is perched on a stool with his pool stick. I take the stick and prop it against the wall along with mine.  I turn around to face him and him pull close.  Using my hands, I rub up and down his back and just love on him.
“Relax, Cash.  It’s a game, not life or death.  He doesn’t know anything.  Just have fun.”
“Char, I still think he knows something.  How can’t he?”
“Look at me, Cash.  He doesn’t.  He isn’t Dylan.  Now, focus on me, and let’s kick their ass!”  He smacks my ass, and as we turn around entering the doorway is a ghost from the past, Trent.  Cash stands off the stool, clinches his knuckles, and begins to take a step.  I keep my feet planted where they are and do the only thing I know to do.  I grab Cash and press my lips to his like my life depends on it, because it does.  When Cash tries to stop me, I just keep pressing harder and finally he gives in.  I don’t give two shits who is watching because I can’t let Cash talk to Trent.  He was there that night; he knows exactly who put the drugs into my beer, and what Dylan had planned for me.
I pull away from him slowly. “Are you ready to kick some ass?”
“You bet your ass I am, Char!” The plan worked for now.  Let’s see how long we can keep Trent away from Cash.  He will say something smart.  That’s a given.
Dustin racks the balls, and they make first shot.  We have solids.  Fine by us.  Each time I see Cash begin to get agitated, I get close to him.  It’s like just moving near him brings him back to reality.  We beat Dustin and Kara and put the money into our pockets.  They should know better.  Since the first game that Cash and I played as a team, we’ve won.  The only time we lost was when I was with Dylan.  I honestly think that should have been my sign.  It’s getting close to midnight, and I need to start heading home.  Justin has agreed to drive Piper’s car home, and his friends will pick him up there.  Cash and I put up our sticks, and when we turn around, Trent is there.  Oh shit.
“Well, if it isn’t Charley.  How are you?”
“I’m fine; just about to leave, though.  If you’ll excuse us.”
He moves a step closer. “I see that you are still using Cash when it’s convenient.”
With that one sentence, my world begins to erupt.  Cash is in front of me saying words I’ve never heard come out of his mouth.  Trent just stands there and laughs.  That only makes Cash madder.  He pushes Trent backwards and tells him to leave me the hell alone.  I do not want people to see what is about to go down.  I try to pull Cash back, but he yanks his arm from me and is back in front of Trent.
“You listen real close, you son of a bitch.  There is nothing convenient about Char and me.  You need to leave us the hell alone, or I’m going to have to kick your ass right here.  Got it?”
Trent just laughs, and it pisses off Cash.  Before I have time to react, Trent and Cash are being thrown out of Turtle’s to the parking lot by Sammy.  This is about to get ugly.  I hurry after them with Piper and Justin behind me.  Others just glance over their shoulder and go back to their games and beer.  Then, I notice that Dustin is coming out the door.
“Cash, stop it!”  He stops for a brief moment, but that is the stupidest thing I could have done.  Trent takes his right fist and meets Cash’s jaw.  His head turns in slow motion before he hits the ground.  “Casssshhhhhh!”  I scream.  He gets up, takes a step back, and then lets into Trent like he hasn’t been hit at all.  That’s my Cash.  When he gets Trent on the ground, he has no mercy, and if he doesn’t stop, he’s going to be facing murder charges.  I’ve got to do something, and that’s when I notice Dustin walking toward Cash.
“Cash, man. Let it go. He’s got your point.”  Cash stops dead in his tracks, gets off Trent and starts to go ape shit on Dustin.
“Cash, stop!  It’s not his fault! Stop! Pleassseee, I’m begging you!  If you love me, stop!”  Cash has a delayed reaction, but stops before he does something stupid to Dustin.
“Charley, what do you mean, it’s not my fault?  What are you talking about?”  Dustin questions.
“It’s nothing.  Nothing. Just drop it.”  Cash looks at me like he doesn’t believe that just came out of my mouth.  He turns from Dustin, walks toward me, grabs my wrist, and pulls me to the truck.  He doesn’t look at me or say a word to me the entire way back to our farm.
When we reach the farm, Cash doesn’t drive to the house.  He takes the side road leading to the field and the club.  Still not a word.  When we get there, he turns off the truck and just sits.  Then, he begins to cry.  I have no idea what to do.  In all the fourteen years I have known him, I can count the number of times I have seen him cry.  He takes a deep breath and looks at me.
“Dammit, Char!  You should have told him.  Right then.  He would have believed you, I know.  Why didn’t you?  You can’t keep this a secret forever.  It’s going to tear all of us apart.  Every time I see one of them, I want to rip their nuts off.  I know they didn’t do it, but they are either related or know who did.   And Trent, if he knew it was going to happen, he’s just as bad as Dylan.”
“I just can’t.  I don’t want it to be a reality anymore.  I want him to just go away, but he won’t do that.  He just keeps appearing.”
“Don’t you realize that he is going to keep doing that until he knows he controls you forever?”
“Cash, what do you want me to do?  There’s no point in talking about it; I couldn’t ever prove that night happened.  It would be our word against his.”
We sit there another minute before going up to the club.  Not much has changed except the weather is getting colder, and Cash has the kerosene heater in place.  I climb up first then Cash.  He starts the heater; I take off my boots and grab a blanket.
“By the way, I meant to tell you how beautiful you looked tonight,” he says as he walks toward me and has a seat.
“Thanks... and thanks for being there tonight.  I mean, I really wish you wouldn’t have beat the shit out of Trent, but I hate to see what would have happened if I were alone.  You know I doubt I’m the first that has ever had that mess happen to them at one of those parties.”
“Char, we have got to do something.  You’re going back Sunday, right?”  I nod.  “We’ve got to have a plan.  Starting with letting Joe know that someone he knows is the one behind the pics at Southern.  You think he’d meet us tomorrow before going back for practice?”
“Maybe.  I don’t know who all rode with him, but I can find out.”  I text Joe, and he said that he can meet us for lunch somewhere on the highway.  We pick Texas Roadhouse, of course.
Cash and I stay up talking about life, the farm, us, and then I notice how his jaw is the size of Texas.  I go to the freezer, grab an ice pack and place it on his face.  He smiles, and we keep talking.  Before we know it, the sun is starting to come up.  We both know that we need to go home, but neither of us wants to say it.  Instead, I cuddle up beside him and fall asleep.
We wake up to my phone blaring. Piper.
“What’s up, girlie?”
“You with Cash?”
“Yeah, why?”
“Well, undoubtedly after you left last night, Trent took it upon himself to talk about you to Dustin.  He didn’t look so sure of it, but he’s saying some bad stuff.  Like that you were the one using and knew what was going on.  No one else was around but Justin and me.  I told him if he mentioned anything to anyone, I would personally make him pay.”
The way that Cash is looking at me makes me feel like he can feel my thoughts.  He pulls the phone from my hand, gets the scoop from Piper, and hangs up.
“We’re going to the Sloan house.  Right now.”  I don’t say a word; instead, tears begin to fall.
We get to their house, and Dustin’s truck is there.  Cash goes to the door and their mom answers.  Then I see Dustin.  He looks like hell.  He walks out of the house and to Cash’s truck.  He sees me and then looks at Cash.
“Cash, man. I don’t know what went on with my brother, but I’ve known Trent long enough to know he’s full of it.”
“Well, I’m glad you can see through him because a lotta folks can’t.  Charley wants to talk to you, if you don’t mind.”
I get out of the truck, and we all sit on the tailgate.  Everyone looks at me, and finally I tell the truth.
“Dustin, I’m sorry if I looked like I’d seen a ghost at the Burger Shack, but y’all look alike, and I didn’t know if you knew anything.  Your brother did something to me that no one should ever have to go through.  I’ve known for a long time that Trent, Dylan, and some of the other guys did a few drugs, but I never in my wildest dreams thought they could do something so extreme to one person.”
Dustin looks at me with total confusion.
“He put the date rape drug into my beer at Trent’s.  Then, he raped me.  My parents were outta town, and if Cash hadn’t shown up at my house, I have no idea what would have happened to me.”
Dustin doesn’t say anything, and Cash doesn’t either.  That in itself scares me shitless.  Then, Dustin finally speaks.
“Charley, you’re a great girl.  In fact, I don’t know how my brother even got you to go out with him in the first place.  He’s caused this family so much heartache between girls, drugs, and then almost losing his scholarship.  I hate to say it, but it doesn’t surprise me that he could be that stupid.”
“But, there’s more.  He has someone keeping tabs on me at school.  I need your help.  Can you help me find out who it is?” I say.
With Cash there as my witness, Dustin agrees to help us.  We head back to my house.  I change and Cash goes home to do the same before going to meet Joe.
We arrive at the restaurant, and Joe comes in alone.  This is somewhat awkward.  I never really thought about them meeting.  Cash stands and introduces himself.  We order and then Cash just lays it out there about the picture of him, Trent, Dustin, everything.
I can see the embarrassment in Joe’s face.  He has nothing to be embarrassed about because we aren’t together.  We discuss how the plan has changed, and we are going to let Dustin help us find out who at Southern is helping Dylan.
We leave on a good note, and Cash and Joe agree that Cash needs to come visit as much as possible in case Dylan decides to show up... because he is... I can feel it.  In my soul, I know he’s going to appear, and I want to be ready.
Our ride back to Grassy Pond is quiet.  When we return, Cash tells me that he will be at the first meet I have at home or away.  I smile, not because it’s what I need him to do, but because it’s what I want him to do.  He has never missed a meet of mine.
I enjoy the remainder of my break that night with Cash, Piper, Tessa, Mama and Dad.  I go to church Sunday morning, eat lunch at my grandparents, and then make my way back to Southern for practice.

Chapter 12: Let the Meets Begin
I arrive back at Southern with just enough time to get to practice.  I enjoyed my time at home, but know that it is now or never with the team and class.  In a little over a month, the season will be underway, exams, and then I’ll be home for Christmas break.
As I walk into the locker room, the smell of chlorine hits me. I see that everyone has made it back but Georgia. Undoubtedly, she had bad traffic on the way here.  I change into my suit and head to the pool.  Coach is there waiting on us, and boy, is she waiting.
“Girls, it’s time to show those Livestone girls what they are up against.  That meet is getting close.  We have an exhibition meet at home this Saturday against Monroe and Central.  Make sure you do everything you can to be prepared.”
I can’t help but get excited about everything that is going on in my life… the team, class, Joe, Cash, and a great group of friends.  I pull myself from my thoughts as I hear Coach’s whistle blow.  Oh crap!  Time to put on my goggles and go!
Coach has had no mercy on us today, let alone I didn’t do any type of working out while I was at home.  I’m going to hate myself in the morning.  Georgia finally makes it to practice, and Coach doesn’t give her too hard of a time.  We finish our last set and then the team decides to go eat supper together.
The café is open, but we decide to order a pizza and hang out on our hallway.  It’s time for a little team bonding.
“Charley, did you get any action on break?”  Tori wastes no time finding out what she wants to know.
I look at her like she’s lost her damn mind.  She has no idea the shit I dealt with while I was home… seeing Dustin, the text from Dylan, Cash beating the shit out of Trent, and me finally explaining everything to Dustin.
“Um, no, Tori.  I didn’t get any action, but I did have a pretty interesting break.”  They all look at me wanting more of an explanation.  I now have to be as vague as possible.  Georgia glances my way.  I’ll fill her in later.
“Well, now Charley, you have to explain that comment.”
I shrug my shoulders and say, “You know, the typical country girl’s weekend away.  I worked on the farm, hung out with old friends, went to Turtle’s Pool Hall, watched Cash get in a fight, and came back here.”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa. Did you say that Cash got in a fight?” Georgia says.  I nod with no other explanation.
Tori, on the other hand, is dumbfounded.  “Did you say Turtle’s Pool Hall?  Seriously, Char. Turtle’s.  What kinda name is that?”
“Tori, I live in a town called Grassy Pond.  Turtle’s Pool Hall is in an even smaller place called Turtle’s Corner.  I am a redneck and proud of it.  Actually, I can’t believe that surprises you.”  We all laugh.
We finish supper and then watch Scandal.  I get a text from Joe wanting to make sure I’m okay and wondering when he needs to come by tonight.  I text him to let him know I’m okay for the night and will see him for Freshman Seminar in the morning.
When Scandal is over, I make my way back to my room, and Georgia is right behind me.
“Hey, Char.  You got a minute?”
“Sure.  What’s up?”  She looks at me like I’ve got to be kidding.
We go into my room and I fill her in on what exactly went down.  We both know that things are getting serious with Dylan and everyone involved.  
“Here’s my question, Charley. Who do you think is behind all this here at Southern?  Who does Dylan have on his team?”
That is a question I have been trying to answer for weeks, and I think Georgia and I are about to be on the exact same page.
“The only things I know for certain are that it has to be someone that was with Joe this weekend.  I really hate to think one of his friends or teammates is in on it, but there is no other option.  We talked about that when we met for lunch yesterday.”
“All right, so now what?  It’s not like we can sneak into the guys’ dorms and plant cameras or watch them in the locker room.  Let’s make a list of who all was in the mountains and then let’s see what Joe can tell us.”
I pick up my phone and text Joe.
Me: Can u come over?
Joe: Yes, u ok?
Me: Yes    
While Georgia and I wait for Joe, I call Cash to tell him what we are thinking.  He agrees that we need to narrow down who might be involved.  I also inform him of the exhibition meet in two weeks.  Of course, he plans on coming, and I’ve even talked him into going to Hank’s that night!  I can’t wait!
Joe texts me he is outside, and I go let him in.  Georgia waits for me in my room, and when he gets there, I think he’s caught off guard.
“Dang, girls, are you trying to gang up on me?” We just smile, and I motion for him to hurry up and sit down.
“Okay, Joe, here’s the deal,” Georgia states very authoritatively, which is totally not in her character.  “We know the snitch was with you in the mountains.  If we narrow that list down, we can figure out who is behind the shit happening here at Southern.”
“Yeah, Georgia, I thought we had that part figured out already?”  Joe glances at me.  Cash, Joe and I had discussed that at lunch, but hadn’t acted on it yet. Georgia isn’t giving us any time.  She’s taking control, and I’m so glad that a girl’s in charge for once.
Joe, Georgia and I make a list of everyone that was there.  They are all lacrosse players except Joe’s roommate, Paul.  We pretty much mark him off the list.  He has access to Joe, but there is no connection to anything relating to Dylan when we Google/Facebook/Twitter search him.
When we search the team members, Mark, Trey, Chris, Jacob, Maddox, and Holden, we get nothing. I look at Georgia and Joe, and I think they feel like I do. Defeated.  I decide to call Cash to see if he can do some digging at home.
“Hey, Cash Money!  I need you to do some digging or better yet… talk to Dustin.”  I put him on speaker.
“You got it, Char-coal!  What are their names and what do you know ‘bout them?  I’ll see what I can do.”
“Thanks, Money! I love you!”
“I love you too, and Joe, in two weeks, Charley’s mine at Hank’s.”  The room falls silent, and Georgia makes some silly comment to lighten the mood.
“All right, boys. There’s no need to fight over me. There’s enough songs at Hank’s to go ‘round!”  We all laugh, but there is still tension in the air.  I hang up with Cash and Joe, Georgia, and I are back to square one while we wait for Cash to do some digging.
We decide to call it a night.  Georgia goes to her room, and I can see from the look on Joe’s face he’s not going anywhere.  I set my alarm and crawl into bed.  Joe’s arms surround me, and I fall asleep.
I wake up to my alarm making that annoying sound.  I nudge Joe and tell him he has to go to practice like I do as well.  He gives me a hug bye and sneaks out the door.  I grab my flops and bag, and out the door I go.
Georgia and Tori meet me in the hallway, and we all look like we could use another hour of sleep or maybe a few hours of sleep.  We know once we hit that cold water, we will be awake.
Practice goes relatively quickly.  I take a shower, grab a bite to eat in the café and head to Biology.  Even if it is at 8 a.m., it’s not too bad.  It’s Monday, so I know that Joe will be waiting on me to walk to class with Dr. Cope.  We have decided to cash in that trip to Quail Hollow this Friday.
Dr. Cope wants to know how everyone’s break has been, how projects are going, and if anyone is ready to present. Really?  Of course, Dork 1 & Dork 2 are ready to present.  Joe and I look at each other and sit back and listen.  I write Joe a note.
We are going to be ready to present by Monday!  That would mean 1 less class! :) 
Joe looks at me and totally gets what I’m saying. One less class = more free time.  This means that my week will be practice and finishing this project.  When Dr. Cope dismisses class, I walk out with Joe.
“Hey, Joe. We don’t have many more hours left to finish.  You think we could do those tomorrow and maybe Wednesday?  Then, we can put the project together on Thursday and Sunday?”
“Squirrel, you are after my own heart.  Oh, wait. That was when you mentioned Quail Hollow!”  He smirks.
I lock my arm through his, and we walk across campus.  Joe makes a quick call to the special purpose school, and we are set for the week.  The biggest question is how are we going to present?  I’m going to have to think on that one.
We make our way back to Kluft, and I go upstairs.  I know I’ll see him later near the gym.  I go into my room and start to create our presentation.  I want something that is fun and exciting, not a freakin’ PowerPoint!  I’m thinkin’ an iMovie would be perfect.
I break out my MacBook and begin to work on what we have so far.  I have pics from the zoo, ballgame, special purpose school, and I can add the ones from Quail Hollow on Sunday.  This is going to be awesome… now if I could just finish those facts.  I take a moment and pull the facts out of my notebook.  Let’s see if I can finish them before practice.
Joe’s Unique Facts:
1. Scares easily
2. Grew up with his parents, but moved in with his grandparents his Sr. year.
3. Has played lacrosse since he was 5, but his first love was golf
4. Can do a toe touch
5. Made straight A’s his entire high school career (must be nice)
6. Trustworthy
7. Respectful
8. Great dancer
9. Puts others before self
10. Protective of things/people he loves
Well, I guess that does it.  I still feel like my list is empty.  I feel like I’m missing a big part of him.  I want to mention Lucy, but I’m afraid that will cross a line.  I decide to leave that out.  Now, if only I can find a song for the background.  I glance at my watch and realize that I’m about to be late for practice.  I hit Save on the computer and out the door I go.  I need to hurry, especially when I realize that Tori and Georgia have already left.  I can’t believe they didn’t knock on my door!
The rest of the week is uneventful.  Practice, work on project, volunteer and repeat.  I call Piper’s brother, and we have the tee time set up for Friday.  It’s only for nine holes, but hey, Joe can’t argue with that. 
On Thursday after practice and class, Joe and I decide to finish everything but the golf pics.  I still have yet to come up with the background music.  Joe comes over to my room, and I show him what I have completed.
“Hey, Squirrel. What if we do a little introduction of each of us before we get started? Like pics from back in the day or something.  I really want to talk about Lucy.”  This makes me smile.  I wanted to include her, but didn’t know if he wanted to or not.  I must be cheesing because Joe just looks at me.
“What?” I ask.
“Nothing, you just look like you heard the best news ever.  What’s up with that?”
“I wanted to talk about Lucy, but didn’t know if you wanted to. I think it’s a great idea.”
We add pictures of Lucy, us when we were younger, and even our top ten lists are entered.  Now to decide on music.
“Hey, Squirrel. I was thinking that we could do like two different songs.  One for you and one for me.”
“All right.  Whatcha thinkin’?”
Joe gets a goofy grin, and I know this can’t be good.
“For me I was thinking something real hip-hop, and for you I was thinking “Country Girl Shake it for Me”!”  I waste no time and throw my pillow at him.
“How the heck do you know that song?”
“Well, when I heard Cash’s ringtone and I found out it was Luke Bryan, I had to find out what’s got all you girls tore up!”  Just so he knows, he can’t find out what has girls tore up about Luke Bryan ‘cause he ain’t a girl!
“You are not right!  Did you know that?!”
He just giggles.  “On a serious note, I was thinking we should use a country song.  I came across this one, and it made me think about how everybody’s different, and if we didn’t have that, the world would be boring.”
He’s definitely got my attention on that one.  I can’t wait to see what he’s picked out.  I cross my arms and look at him, waiting.  I am totally unprepared by what plays on his iPhone. 
“How about Miranda Lambert’s “All Kinds of Kinds”?”  I sit there in silence.  That has to be the least likely song I would ever thought Joe would pick, but it’s perfect, not to mention it’s one of my favorites.
“It’s perfect.  That song says it all.  I think that especially with our volunteer project is great!”
There is no need to buy that song on iTunes because I already have it downloaded, so I insert it into the video.
“You do realize that once we have this finished, we will only have to go to class on Monday to watch everybody else?”
“Exactly the reason we are presenting on Monday!”
“See, that’s why you are my favorite girl on campus, even if you do like unique animals,” Joe says as he drapes his arm around my shoulder.
“At least you don’t refer to them as roadkill anymore!  How about let’s find something for supper and watch a movie?  I’m starved!”
We eat supper from Wendy’s and then watch a little of a movie on FX.  Joe has decided to let me sleep alone tonight.  We have been together all afternoon, and I honestly think he wants some male bonding time.  As much as I hate to admit it, since we aren’t together, I need to let him see what else is out there because sitting in here with me all the time isn’t going to help him.
On Friday morning, I wake up to that awful alarm clock as usual.  I meet Georgia and Tori in the hall, and we make our way to practice.  It is awfully quiet on the way there.  I know we are half asleep, but usually someone says something.  I finally decide to break the silence.
“Anybody got plans for tonight?  Other than chillin’ on the stoop?”
“Nope, that sounds like that is it, but I heard something about you going to play golf at Quail Hollow tomorrow.” Tori smirks.  “But I sure didn’t see Jackalope Joe sneaking out of Kluft for practice this morning.”
“Yeah, we are going to play golf, and yes, I slept alone.”
She looks at me like she typically does… not believing a word I’m saying.  I believe she thinks that just because Joe stays in my room almost every night that something is going on.
“Listen, girls. Joe and I have an understanding.  I like him.  He’s like make your-eyes-wanna-melt sexy, but no, we aren’t doing anything. I swear!”
“Well, if you’re not, I’m about to try to get a piece of that!” Tori states with confidence.
For it to be so early and the silence earlier, Tori can go from asleep and irritated to her spunky self in less than a second.  We get out of the car, and I notice Joe when I walk in.  He throws his hand up and waves before going into the weight room.  We make our way to the locker room and then to the pool.  Practice isn’t as bad as earlier in the week.  Coach has been hard on us, but I think she knows when it’s time to relax just a little bit.
Once practice is over, we shower, eat breakfast in the café, and then I go to Biology as usual.  Once class is over, I make a mad dash back to my dorm room to change and get ready to play golf.  No, I do not play golf, but I do love to drive a golf cart.  I have decided what to wear, and knowing that I do not have one item in my closet that fits the country club look, I knock on Tori and Anna’s door.  Anna can dress, and her dad takes her to play golf all the time when she is home.   I don’t think she ever plays, though.  She answers the door, and I go in.  I give her a rundown of what I’m looking for, and within five minutes, I’m getting ready.
I have to hurry so that we can make the drive and tee time at eleven.  I take the white Ralph Lauren golf-looking pants and a pink three-quarter length Ralph Lauren golf shirt and laugh to myself.  Who would have thought?  I slide on my pants and then the shirt, apply my makeup and straighten my hair.  It’s starting to get cool outside, so I grab a lightweight jacket just in case.  I glance in the mirror and am glad I did.  I totally forgot that you can’t wear bright panties with white pants!  I make that quick change and walk down the hall to meet Joe at his Jeep.
I walk out of the dorm and see Joe standing there.  He has gone from cute surfer guy to hot country club golfer on a stick!  He is propped against his Jeep with his arms folded, wearing a pair of plaid black golf pants, a bright green Polo shirt and scally cap with a frayed mohawk top.  Who thought a golf hat could be so stinkin’ cute? He is the complete package.  If only he had an argyle vest, it would be perfect! 
I walk to the passenger side as Joe comes to open the door for me.  He cranks up the Jeep, and we make our way to Quail Hollow.  The drive isn’t too long, and there isn’t much scenery.  The drive takes about forty-five minutes.  I start to get a little anxious the closer we get.  I am definitely not a country club girl, and I have never been one to put on the dog.
As we turn onto Gleneagles Road, I begin to see green everywhere I turn.  It is beyond gorgeous, even though a leprechaun might have thrown up here. I am in complete awe of this establishment.  I understand why Tiger and any other golfer would want to play here. The Jeep turns into the drive, and we make our way through the pavilion of trees covering the road.  It honestly makes me feel like I’m in a movie where you are about to drive up to a big plantation or something. Ohmygosh! It is exactly like a plantation. I see a gigantic white house with four columns, doors and windows all the same height and a circular drive at the front of the club.  It feels like a Southern girl’s fairytale… just call me Scarlett.  Joe parks the car at the entrance, and the valet attendants take it. We walk in the large wooden door to check out the place. Immediately, I am overwhelmed by the beauty and obvious money that is within these walls.  The carpet is a deep royal blue, the walls are made of solid oak and the fireplace is rocked from floor to ceiling.
“Squirrel, come on.  It will be here when we get back.”
I pull myself from my thoughts and follow Joe to the golf shop.  We check in, grab a score card, and wait for the golf cart.
When the golf cart arrives, I jump in the driver’s seat.  There is no way I’m letting him have all the fun.  We make our way to the first tee, and I shank it to the right big time.  Joe falls over laughing and then realizes that we have an audience.  He quickly pulls himself together and hits the ball straight toward the green.  Even though I am not a golfer, I do have fun and actually have a pretty good score.
After the ninth hole, we return in the golf cart and I see Piper’s brother waving.  Joe and I walk over to thank him before heading back to campus.  We walk back out of the club and to the Jeep.  As we drive back down the long driveway, I can’t help but imagine what it would be like to live a life like this.  Today, I’m almost certain this is the type of life that Joe was accustomed to before his family lost Lucy.
Joe and I have a talkative ride back to campus.  In fact, it’s mostly Joe doing the talking.  I can honestly say this is the best surprise I could have given him.
When we pull into campus, it’s getting close to supper time.  I give Joe a hug before I go to my room and tell him I’ll see him later tonight.  I have no idea what the Kluft girls have planned, but I’m sure it involves booze, music, guys, and a good time.  Before I can focus on tonight, I have to get out of these clothes and shoes.
I walk into my room and change into what I love to wear, jeans and a long-sleeved t-shirt.  I pull my hair up and plop down on my bed to watch a little TV before figuring out what to do tonight.  I turn on the Food Network and about doze off when I get a text from Cash.
Cash: Hope golf was great
Me: It was, should have seen my outfit lol
Cash: I bet, totally not u
Me: I know :)  any news from Dustin?
Cash: Not yet, Tessa and him are getting close though I’ve seen him with her a lot
Me: thanks! Love u!
Cash: Love u 2
Dustin and Tessa. I would have never put them together. But then again, they do make a cute couple.  If this would have been a month ago, I would have been furious, but I now know that Dustin is on our side.  It’s funny how things are beginning to change for Dylan.  He just doesn’t know it yet.
I pull myself off the bed and make my way to Caroline’s room to see what is going on.  She’s in a towel, sitting at her makeshift bar, eating Stromboli, waving me in.  Seriously, put on some clothes.
“How was golf?” she asks with a mouthful.
“Good, that place is huge!  I felt like I was Scarlett in Gone with the Wind at that place.  So, you gonna wear that towel out tonight?”
“You know I could start a new trend!”  She winks.  That is true.  I have noticed that Caroline has a way with people and their attire.  Whatever she wears, someone else has on within two weeks.  She finishes her Stromboli and then pulls a cute pair of jeans and a one-sleeved top from her closet.  As she’s getting ready, Tori, Anna, Georgia, Jenny, and Cassie all walk in.  I have a feeling they have a plan for us tonight already.
“Hey, Char. While you were gone today, we found out they are partying in Irvin tonight on the third floor.  We already got our drinks of choice, and no one needs to drive tonight.  Let’s all get tore up. Watcha think?” Anna asks.
“Y’all know I’m not big on that.  I mean, I’ll go have a good time and maybe let loose a little, but practice is going to come early in the morning.”
I start to hear chicken clucking, and I know I’m in trouble.  I think someone has been talking to Piper, Tessa, or Cash.  I can’t remember a time in my life that once someone called me a chicken that I didn’t prove them wrong. Why should this be any different?
“I don’t know who y’all are cluckin’ at, but this chick is game!  Just remember that we have practice at nine tomorrow!”
“All right, mama hen!  Get a cup and fill it up!”  Tori basically yells at me.  I know she doesn’t mean anything by it, but sometimes she needs to learn to take it easy on someone’s feelings.
I grab a cup and my koozie and fill it up with Caroline’s famous PJ.  I have come to realize that it is a little bit of this and whatever is left in the fridge.  Somehow it always tastes okay.  Caroline turns on the radio, and we just chill before going to Irvin.  You never want to be too eager going to a party in the guys’ dorm.  They just might think you’re easy, which I’m not.
We are all three drinks in before we make the not so long walk across the volleyball court to Irvin.  There are a few people standing outside the dorm as we approach.  I can’t help but wonder if one of them is Dylan’s inside man.  I glance at Georgia, and she nods.  She’s got my back… even if she is a little tipsy.
As we make our way up the stairs to the top floor, I wonder if they are ever going to paint these dingy off-white walls.  I honestly think they have been this way since they were built in the Stone Age.  I also know it wouldn’t take campus police five minutes to figure out where we are on campus and that we are all underage, but for some reason, they just don’t care.  As long as it’s in a cup, and you keep the music down somewhat, it’s all good.
When we walk on the hall, the lights are down, but there are lamps in the dorm rooms and a few strings of white Christmas lights hanging down the hallway.  I get a little tickled that some guys have Christmas lights in their rooms, but whatever.  I can see Lucas and Crystal, along with the lacrosse guys, minus Joe.  She’s sociable, but stays right with her man like someone’s gonna try to take him. That’s highly doubtful because she’d beat their ass.  I start to wonder where Joe might be and decide to send him a quick text.
Me:  I’m on 3rd floor where r u?
Joe:  I’m on my way.  Just got off the phone with Gma
Me: Ok :)
Caroline has brought the PJ with her and hid it in Mark’s room.  They have been on and off again since school started.  I feel semi safe with that there, but after what happened with Dylan, I won’t drink anything out of a cup.  I will open the can or bottle myself.  Georgia and I talk to Crystal and Lucas.  While we are talking, Crystal starts to smile.  I glance over my shoulder to see Joe walking with so much confidence and swag it should be illegal.  He has changed back into his normal AE wardrobe, but he is still wearing that sexy golf hat.  He is carrying a case of PRB in his right hand.
He walks into Mark’s room to put down the beer before walking to me.  He puts his arm around my shoulder and kisses my forehead.
“You can have any of that beer you want.  I heard you might wanna cut loose tonight, but I know you have to open it yourself,” he says with a wink.
“Thanks!  Not many people know that, ya know?”  He smiles and hands me a beer, unopened.  I pop a top and put it in my koozie.
Within the hour, my head is swimming.  I don’t normally drink; I have practice in the morning. What the heck am I thinking?  The look on my face must say it all.  Joe pulls me close and whispers into my ear.  “You ready to go to bed?  Practice is going to come really early in the morning.”  I nod, tell the girls bye, and we go down to his room.
“Squirrel, let me grab my practice stuff, and we can go to your room.”  I nod in agreement.  I stand in his room because if I sit down, it’s over. I’ll be out like a light.
Joe and I make it across to Kluft to my room before I feel the strong urge to run to the bathroom.  Joe doesn’t say a word.  He follows me to the bathroom, holds my hair, and waits for me to finish.  I think I might die… right here… maybe I’ll lie down on this cold tile floor.
“Not so fast, Charley. You’re not sleeping on this floor tonight under my watch.”  Joe lifts me off the floor, takes me in his arms and holds me like I’m a child being carried to bed by their parent.  He removes my shoes, jeans, and shirt and replaces them with my pajamas.  He pulls the comforter back from the bed, and I somehow find the energy to crawl under the covers, or maybe that’s Joe helping me.  He removes his pants and shirt before crawling into bed beside me.  My head feels like a two-ton brick on my pillow.
 I wake up to a pounding headache and alarm clock.  Ugghhhhh! What was I thinking last night?  I start to hit the Snooze button when Joe grabs my arm and tells me to take some Advil and get up for practice.  The lacrosse guys are off today, unlike us.  I make my way to the bathroom and recall the events from last night.  I can’t do that again.  What if I wouldn’t have been with Joe?  What it he wasn’t a nice guy?  I shake those thoughts from my brain and splash water on my face and try to pull myself together for practice.
I knock on Tori and Georgia’s door. I’m glad to see they look like I do.  Coach is going to have fun today.  I have no doubt.  And she does, but I will have to say that my hangover is long gone by the time practice is over.
We go back to the dorm and crash until Anna and Caroline come bouncing into the room telling us to wake up because we gotta grab a bite to eat and get ready for Hank’s.
After a twenty-minute debate about where to eat, we decide on our favorite, Texas Roadhouse.  Honestly, I don’t know why we debated.   That seems to be a ritual for us.  Who can resist a restaurant that lets you throw peanut shells on the ground along with the cute waiters that know us by name?
After supper, we come back and pre-game and get ready for Hank’s.  We no longer drive the Explorer because we have the Love Machine.  I decide to lay off the booze tonight and just have fun with the girls and Joe, I’m sure.
We make the three turns and arrive at Hank’s.  I walk across the gravel driveway and into Hank’s.  The music is loud and the bar is dark except for the normal bar lights and what is needed for security purposes.  We hit the ladies room, check the mirror, and to the dance floor we go.  The night is just like any other Saturday night. Dance our asses off and shut it down with “Let’s Get it On.”  This week is no different.
After returning to campus, I go to my room, grab my shower stuff and decide I gotta get this sweat off of me.  I am sober as can be, and I can’t go to bed smelling and feeling like I’ve been working at the farm all day.  I make it quick and get back to my room to find Joe asleep on my bed.  He must have had someone let him in.   I crawl into bed and wake up to the sun peering through my window. It’s almost noon.
Joe and I, along with the Kluft girls, make our way to the café for lunch because we totally missed breakfast.  Then, Joe and I go back to my room to finish our project for Freshman Seminar.
“Squirrel, the only thing we have left is to put the pics in from Friday.  We got this!”
“I know, but we still have to figure out what the heck we are going to say.  I hate talkin’ in front of people.”
“Um, we don’t really have to talk, you know.  This movie will say it all, and I think she’s gonna be impressed that it’s not a Powerpoint.”  I look over at him and throw an empty Choice Cherry Gold bottle at him.  Smart ass!
Joe and I take a look at the movie one more time, and it’s as good as it is going to get.  I’ve also decided that I can’t be responsible for what comes out of his mouth tomorrow when Dr. Cope asks us questions.  Joe gives me a hug and tells me that he will wait for me outside of Biology.
The evening goes on with no major events and I wake up the next morning, go to practice, eat breakfast, head to Biology, and Joe is exactly where he said he would be.
“Squirrel, are you ready?”
“As I’ll ever be.  You better not embarrass me. That’s all I got to say.”
“Hey, you’re the one that eats unique animals,” he says as he bumps into my shoulder.  We wait to cross the street and make our way to meet Dr. Cope.
Class is already getting full, and the butterflies in my stomach are going crazy.  I try to take a deep breath, but that doesn’t seem to work.  I take out my phone and scroll through the pictures, anything to kill the time and take my mind off this presentation.
“Watchalookin’ at, Squirrel?” Joe asks as he glances at my phone.
“Just killin’ time and my nerves before we do the damn thing.”
Joe laughs and checks his phone for messages.  I glance up to see Dr. Cope coming in the door.  Here goes nothing!
“Happy Monday, everyone!  Anybody ready to share today?”  I take a deep breath, and before I can answer, Joe speaks for us.
“We are, Dr. Cope.”
“What a nice surprise!  Joe and Charley, whenever you’re ready, the floor is yours.”
Joe and I take a minute to set up the computer with the LCD projector.  We take our places at the front of the class, my hands are sweating bullets, and Joe looks my way and smiles.  He takes a deep breath and speaks.
“Hey, everyone.  Charley and I are going to do things a little bit differently.  We didn’t want to just talk about us.  We wanted to show you what makes us unique.  We decided to get creative with our project so we made a movie.  We will answer your questions at the end.”
As I walk to the computer, I mouth thank you to Joe.  I could not have done that.  Now, if I can make it through the Q&A session.  I hit Play, stand back and watch.  As it begins, Miranda Lambert comes through the speakers.  I can’t help but get teary-eyed as I watch pictures of our families, homes, loves, surprise trips, and volunteering, then there is a picture of Lucy, and a single tear runs down my face.  Even though I never met her, I know she is a big part of Joe’s life, and she is his angel.  I pull myself together as the official Joe and Charley credits come to an end and the class begins to applaud.
“Fantastic job, Charley and Joe.  Now, I would like to ask you a few questions,” Dr. Cope says.  We both wait patiently.  “What were you first thoughts when I announced this project?”
I take a deep breath and decide I need to answer something.  “Dr. Cope, if you want my honest opinion, I thought I was going to have a meltdown because I don’t do well without specific instructions and deadlines.  I felt overwhelmed, but Joe read me like a book and helped me realize it wasn’t that bad.”
She takes a minute and then responds.  “Thanks for being honest.  I really don’t like when students tell me what I want to hear.  Now, tell me what you learned from this project.”
Before I can comment, Joe adds his two cents.  “I had a different agenda for this project.  Personally, I found it a way to get close to the prettiest girl on campus, but little did I know that I would find the most beautiful person inside and out.  She not only has overcome hurdles in her life, but she has taken those hurdles, crossed them and carried on.  She is a person that I trust with my entire well-being.  I never thought this project would allow me to find a friend that I hope to have for a lifetime.”
I am at a complete loss for words, I think.  I have to at least say something about him.  Dr. Cope looks at me for my own answer.  I pause for a second before speaking to gather my thoughts.
“What have I learned from this project?”  I swallow hard and then answer the question.  “I have learned that it is okay not to be in complete control.  Everyone has a past that affects their future, but if you find the right people, they won’t let you spin out of control.  Joe has been the support that I’ve needed since I got to Southern.  Honestly, I was sure I would be ready to kill him by the time this project was over, but instead, I can’t get enough of him and his scaredy cat self.”  I wink at him.
Dr. Cope wastes no time with the next question.  “Scaredy cat?  Charley, you must explain.”
Joe glances my direction, and if looks could kill, I’d be stiff by now.  My nerves and the situation have got me tickled inside and out.  I just start laughing.
“Joe and I always met at the picnic table to work on the project.  One day he was so deep in thought, I decided to scare him.  I honestly thought he was going to jump as high as the sky, but then he got kinda mad at me… he got over that, though.”
After a brief pause in the room, Dr. Cope asks if any other students have questions.  A guy in the back row raises his hand, “Why did you pick that song for the background?”
Joe takes the lead on this one. “I actually had a few other songs chosen, but Charley wouldn’t let me use them.”  I smack his arm. “I’m just kidding.  I did give her a hard time, but knew this was the song from the beginning.  This song speaks volumes.  We are all different and unique.  In fact, I took Charley’s uniqueness for a weakness in the beginning, but as time passed, I realized that is what makes her Charley, or Squirrel, to me.  We each have skeletons in the closets, different opinions, backgrounds, and beliefs.  Ask yourself this question. What would the world be like if everyone were the same?  It goes perfectly with our volunteer project.  Every child, regardless of their ability or disability, is unique.  As a generation, we need to take others uniqueness and embrace it.”  The room is completely silent until Dr. Cope speaks.
“I don’t think I could have said that better myself.  I hope that the others of you in this class will take note of what can be accomplished when you work together.  By the way Charley, Quail Hollow… that is impressive by itself.  You took what you knew was once important and brought it back to life.  Joe, you knew that Charley has a love for animals even if she does like to eat some of them, and the zoo was a great idea.  What truly touched my heart was your volunteering.  It shows that you both have a connection to special needs.  I hope that both of you take that passion and share it with others.  Class is dismissed.”
I unplug the computer from the LCD, and Joe helps me pack everything.  We don’t say much, but what’s to say?  He has announced that I’m his friend, and for some reason, I’m fine with that.  I hope whoever Dylan has watching me heard that comment and maybe they will leave me alone.  We walk out of the classroom in silence, but as soon as our feet hit the lawn, Joe turns to look at me.
“I think we did great in there.  What about you?  You seem like something’s off.”
“Yeah, we did great.  You actually have a way with words, Jackalope Joe.  And to think you had a different agenda!”
We continue our walk, and I go up to my room alone.  The remainder of this week is going to be a blur because the exhibition meet is coming up.  I know it doesn’t count because it’s not official, but for me it’s my first time competing since I walked out on one of my biggest loves, swimming.
Me: You still coming Saturday?
Cash: Yes
Me: Yay! U going 2 go 2 Hank’s w us?
Cash:  as long as I can stay with u
Me: Of course!
Cash: Talked to Dustin today
And with that text, I decide to call Cash.
“Hey, Char-coal.  I should have called you, but I wanted to get all the details first.”
“Aight, I’m listening.”
“Dustin said he thinks that it has to be either Mark or Maddox.  They both knew each other before going to Southern.  Plus, the fact that Mark’s family has a house close to our hometown makes him a little higher on the suspect list.  Nothing concrete though.”
“Okay, how would they know Dylan, though?  I mean, it’s not like he went to school here.  Heck, I didn’t know I was going to school here until last minute.”
“Charley, I don’t know, but one thing I keep thinking about is recruitment.  Didn’t he visit schools?  Maybe they met that way?  Let’s just keep working on it.  How’d the project go?”
“Awesomesauce!  Well, except for me having a million butterflies, but the movie was a hit.  I’d hate to go after us.  Oh, and I don’t think you have to worry about Joe.  He used the word friend in his speech in class.  You don’t think he’s gay, do you?”
“I seriously doubt that he’s gay. The fact that he has called you friend makes me happy just so you know, but it’s okay to be friends.  Maybe that’s why he’s there.  If it were more than friends, things could get cloudy.  He wouldn’t be able to look out for you.”
“That’s true, but why give up all his free time to protect me?  Most guys our age are on the prowl for a piece of fresh meat.  I guess Joe’s not like that.  I better get off here.  I gotta get to practice.  Love you.”
“Love you, too.  I’ll see you Saturday.”
I hang up with Cash, grab my bag and go to practice.  The remainder of the week is routine. Wake up, practice, class, practice, go to bed.  By Friday afternoon, I’m getting antsy.  My parents, Tessa, Cash, and Joe will all be here tomorrow to see my debut at Southern.  I can’t help but feel ecstatic.
Friday after supper in the café, we decide to have a girls’ night in since we have curfew and have to be well-rested for tomorrow.  Georgia, Tori, Anna, Caroline, Hayden, Sarah, and I all pile into my room to watch a chick flick and eat popcorn.  At 11:55, everyone goes back to their room to make curfew.  I wonder what would happen if we were still in my room. I doubt she’d care.  As I’m thinking those exact thoughts, Emily and Mallorie, our team captains, knock on my door.
“Hey, y’all!  I’m here.”
Mallorie looks at Emily before pushing on the door.  What is she doing?  “You alone, Charley?  We know that Joe stays with you.”
“He’s not here.  Actually, I haven’t seen him since this morning, even though that’s none of your business.”
“Just remember he can’t be in here after we leave.  Got it?”  I shake my head yes and close the door.  I mean, really… I can follow the rules.
I text Joe not to come by and go to bed.  I toss and turn for over an hour.  All I can think about is getting in that water tomorrow and kicking some ass.  I have missed this sport, but if I’m truthful with myself, I know that this is a milestone for me.  I am going to actually start to put Dylan behind me.
I wake up early Saturday morning.  We don’t have to be at the pool until ten, but it’s eight thirty and I’m wide awake.  I throw on a pair of yoga pants, t-shirt, and flip flops and make my way to the café. As I walk down the stoop, I’m completely taken off guard when Joe is walking from the café with his arm around some girl.  I know we aren’t together, but it stings just a little bit.  He sees me and drops his arm fast as lightening.  Obviously, he hadn’t planned on seeing me this early, and my conversation with Cash is confirmed. He’s not gay. It makes me wonder how many other girls he has been putting the moves on.  Oh, well. I shake it off and walk with my head held high.
“Hey, Squirrel!  You’re up early.”
“Yeah, I couldn’t sleep.  Guess I’m just anxious about today’s meet.”
“I bet so.  Word around campus is that you girls are going to open a can of whoop ass on them, and I can’t wait to watch!”
“I sure hope so.  My parents, Tessa and Cash are coming.  I think Cash is even going to Hank’s tonight.  You want to go with us in the Love Machine?”
“You know I might as well.  Who knows, that ride might help me pick up a chick or two.  Well, I’m going to head to my room.  I need to call my grandma.  Something’s not right at home.  When I talked to her yesterday, I could just tell.”
“Joe, let me know if I can help you.  I’ll see ya at eleven.”
“Oh, and Squirrel, good luck!”
“I don’t need luck, Jackalope Joe, ‘cause I swim like a fish!”  I continue to walk to the café and eat a waffle, fruit, and Diet Coke for breakfast before making my way back to Kluft.  Georgia, Caroline, Tori and Anna are all awake by the time I get back, but they skip breakfast.  I go to my room to get ready to head to the pool when I hear Tori in the hallway.  She is singing at the top of her lungs.  I swear that girl doesn’t give two shits what people think about her.  I walk into the hallway and see Georgia doubled over laughing.
Tori stops and looks at me, “What?!I’m just getting pumped for the meet today.  Hey, you got a permanent marker in your room?”
“Yeah, but I already have one in my bag.”  I smirk.  It is a well-known fact that as swimmers we have suits, caps, and goggles, but no way to identify us. That is unless we write our name down our leg and pick our own number.
“See, I knew I like you!  Let’s roll out, girls.  I’m ready to swim some laps and take some names!”
Georgia and I look at each other, shake our heads, and smile.  Just gotta love her ‘cause I sure would hate to have her on my bad side.
We get to the locker room and dress out.  I take the Sharpie from my bag and look at Tori.  She knows what I’m thinking.
“All right, y’all. I’m not captain, but we gotta make marks. Anybody else wanna join in?”  Tori grabs the pen and walks over to Georgia.
“Georgia, what you want on yours?”  She shrugs her shoulders.  “What about Shorty?”  We shake our heads no.  That’s not original enough.  “What about Shorty-Do-Whop?”  I say.  “You know Georgia loves some rap music and is short.”  I look at the girls and they agree.  Tori writes “Shorty-Do-Whop” on the side of Georgia’s right leg and the number “10” above it.
“Charley, your turn.  What is it that Joe calls you?”
“Squirrel.”
“Squirrel it is!  Now, what number?”
“Easy. Double Zero.”
I take the pen from Tori and proceed to mark her with the word “Loco” and the number “4-20”.   Tori is crazy without drugs, but that is her… making people think.
We make our way out the locker room doors into the pool area.  Monroe and Central have arrived and are warming up.  The stands are starting to fill.  I wonder when Mama, Dad, Tessa, and Cash will get here.  I push the thought aside and focus on me, myself and the pool.  As we stretch, the stands continue to fill.  Where the heck is my family?  As I begin to roll my shoulders backwards to loosen up, I see Mama, Dad, Tessa, Cash, and ohmygosh there is Piper! Yay!  I throw my hand up to wave before sliding on my goggles and jumping in to warm up.  The water is calling my name; in fact, I feel like I’ve never left.  This and the farm are my home.
Coach blows her whistle, and we huddle up. You can see that she is excited, nervous, hell, maybe both.  She gives us a pep talk, tells us to kick some ass and take some names.  We do our team cheer, and it’s time for the first event.  Georgia is up.  It’s the 200 meter breaststroke.   With there being an exhibition meet, there aren’t as many events, but the hype is still there.  We have seats along the edge of the exterior wall that is a complete window.  The start gun sounds, and Georgia is in the water.  For her to be so freakin’ short that girl can move.  Tori and I jump from our seats and move to the bottom of her lane.  We hover over the end of the lane as Georgia reaches with the tips of her fingers before turning to head back down the lane.
“Goooooooooooooo GA!” we yell.  “Push hard! Let’s go!”
Georgia is neck and neck with the girl from Monroe.  We follow her down the length of the pool, and once she hits the flags, she gets an extra burst of energy and pushes to beat the girl from Monroe by a fingertip.
“That a way, Shorty-do-whop!”  Tori yells.
We chant our team cheer, and the events roll by.  I start to have a little nervous energy as the 200 meter backstroke approaches.  I know I have this, but I just can’t help it.  It’s like waiting on a new album to be released by Luke Bryan.  The anticipation is killer.  With two events before mine, I start to loosen up and walk toward the starting blocks.  I look up at my family and friends.  My mama is totally decked out in Southern apparel; Dad is in his Carthartts and Drake Waterfowl t-shirt.  Tessa and Piper look like they just stepped out of Forever 21, and Cash looks like he’s ready for a night out. Jeans, button up, and boots. Completely yummy.  I look up and throw my head back. Tessa, Piper, and Cash all do the same.  Joe is sitting with the lacrosse guys and looks confused by the body language going on among the four of us.  He just doesn’t understand this goes way back.  I look at Joe and notion to my leg. He glances and smiles.
It’s time to rock ‘n roll. I adjust my cap, put my goggles in place, and shake my arms back and forth while I jump up and down to loosen up.  The official calls for my event, and I stand beside the start block. “Event 200 meter backstroke, swimmers enter the water feet first.”  I take a deep breath before jumping in and grabbing the bars on the start block and placing my feet on the wall.  I take another deep breath, and it’s time.  The official preps for the race. “Swimmers, take your mark, set,” and the gun fires.  I explode off the wall and streamline past the flags and continue before taking the first stroke.  The water is cool, and I know it’s time to pace myself.  I can see the flags in my peripheral vision, I start to count. One, two, three, four, turn on five and flip turn and push off the wall with all my might.  I repeat this process for two more laps, and then on the final lap, I turn up the heat and try to push past my previous times in practice.  I see the flags and hear the stands and team cheering as I touch the wall.  I glance to the board and see the time. Oh. My. Gawsh. Best time ever!  And this is just an exhibition meet!
I get out of the pool and remove my goggles and cap. Then, I am greeted by my teammates.  We huddle and do our team cheer again.  I glance to the stands and see my parents hollering at me, Piper and Tessa proceed to do the cabbage patch. Like really, we did that in middle school. Cash is standing there with his hands on his hips sporting a crooked little grin trying not to laugh at Tessa and Piper.  He gives me a high five in the air, and I return the process.  That’s our thing.  The lacrosse guys and Joe have come up with their own cheer for our team.  “Who loves the girls of Southern?  Lax Boys do!”  Tori, Georgia, Sarah, and I all laugh.  We cheer on our teammates until it’s time for relays.  I’ve been waiting for this event since like forever!  The official calls 4 X 200 meter Individual Medley Relay.  I look at Tori, Georgia, and Brittany.  “Let’s do the damn thing, y’all!”  We have created our own warm-up moves for everyone to know who we are.  Brittany takes the iPod and plugs it into the speaker. Miley Cyrus’ “We Can’t Stop” blares through.  We all walk in a line with an arm on the person in front of us as we step and roll to the sides and make our way to our lane.  The Lax boys go crazy.  We give them a hard time most days, but boy do we love to have fun with them at Hank’s.  Needless to say, they are in for it tonight. Minus me ‘cause I’m with Cash tonight.  We laugh, bump hips and take places.  Brittany turns down the music as the official gives her the evil eye and begins, “4 X 200 meter Individual Medley Relay, Backstrokes enter the water feet first.”  I adjust my cap and goggles and jump in.  There is no nervous energy this time. Instead, I’m elated to be in this event and kick some ass.  I grab the starting block, place my feet on the wall, take a deep breath, and wait for the official.  “Swimmers, take your mark, set…” I pull myself up into position, and the guns sounds.
Just as in my individual event, I explode off the wall and kick with all my might.  Then, it’s gravy. I’m at the flags before I know it, count, flip, and turn, and make my way back for Georgia. I’m pushing myself to the limits.  I see the flags and push harder.  I count my strokes and after number five, I kick with all my might.  I touch the wall, and Georgia jumps over me into the water.  I pull myself out and cheer her on.  As she makes her way back to us, Tori steps on the block to prepare for her butterfly leg. I pull Georgia out of the water, and Sarah gets on the block.  She’s the final leg of the relay, and I know she will continue to increase the distance between us and every other lane.  I am right.  Brittany touches the wall, glances over her shoulder, and realizes we are half a lap ahead of the competition.  She pulls herself up without help, and we cheer “Southern” then we take our index fingers, make a sizzle sound, and put it right on our butt cheek before making our way to our teammates.  Again, the lacrosse guys go bananas.  The stands are going nuts, and there is no doubt in my mind that Livestone doesn’t stand a chance against us!
After the meet, I eat with Mama, Dad, Tessa, Piper, and Cash before my parents head back to Grassy Pond, and Cash and Piper stay for the night.  We go to eat at a little burger joint named Sally’s.  It looks like it was built to resemble a red barn.  It is old and worn out, but we have come to realize this is the best food around.  I eat a bacon cheeseburger that is close to the Burger Shack at home, but nothing will beat that place.  We laugh. My parents ask how things are going.  Piper is the same ol’ Piper. Cash is the perfect gentleman, and Tessa can’t wait to get back home to go out with Dustin.  We finish eating and say our goodbyes, and Piper and I ride with Cash back to campus.
“Y’all, I can’t wait for Hank’s tonight.  Y’all are going to love it!”  I squeal.
Cash laughs as Piper starts to get as excited as me.  What am I going to wear tonight?  Hummm, it’s getting cold, so definitely pants of some kind, but I gotta have a cute top.  Cash stops at the gas station to get a can of dip and some snacks before making the two-minute drive to campus.
“Hey, Char. While Cash ain’t in here, where the hell am I staying tonight?  I mean, I don’t want to intrude on y’all.”
“Piper, you can stay in there because you know as well as I do nothing is going to happen.”  She looks at me like, whatever.  
About that time, Cash opens the truck door and climbs in.  We make our way to campus, up the stoop, and into Kluft.  I am exhausted and need a shower to recoup before Hank’s tonight.  As we reach the top step, I can hear Caroline, Tori, Georgia, Jenny, Anna, and Cassie in hall.  They are singing to “Thrift Shop” blaring over the radio and dancing like fools in the hallway.
Cash glances at me, “Oh lawd, what have I gotten myself into?”  I just shrug my shoulders and pull him down the hall.  
All the girls take their turn putting the moves on him, and of course, Anna has something to say.  “Hey, Cowboy. I ain’t ever rode a cowboy before.”
With a wink, Cash answers back, “Sorry, Sweetheart, but I ain’t a cowboy.  I’m a homegrown country boy that only has eyes for one little lady,” he responds as he stares into my blue eyes.
I make it to my room and open the door. Piper throws her bag onto the futon, and Cash puts his in the corner.
“Y’all, I gotta get a shower, but if y’all wanna drink tonight, make sure you place your order with Caroline.  She’s got the hook up.”  Piper jumps up and hollers at Caroline down the hall. Cash just stares at me.
“What?”  I ask with my hands on my hips.
“You really think I’m drinking tonight when someone is out there watchin?  I’m gonna be ready, and I will beat the shit outta him.  I promise ya that!”
“Calm down, Cash Money.  He’s not gonna show tonight; he’s too chicken to show his face.  Let’s just have fun.”
“Speakin’ of fun.  Um, how much fun is it going to be if I have to share you with Joe?”  Cash pouts.  I walk over to him and give him a soft, quick peck on the lips before walking out of the room, shower caddy in hand. I giggle as I leave.
I finish my shower and make my way back to my room only to find it empty.  Wonder where they went?  Then, I hear Piper’s voice in Georgia’s room.  I make my way over in my robe and my hair still in a towel.
“I almost thought y’all left! But then I thought better!”  Cash isn’t there which stumps me.
As if Piper and Georgia can read my mind, they answer in unison.  “He went over to Joe’s.”  I smile.  I’m glad they met before today even if it wasn’t under good circumstances.  I send Cash a quick text and tell him to be back at Kluft no later than an hour from now.  There is some major pre-gaming going on tonight.
Piper and I make our way to my room, and we begin to get ready.  I pull out my jeans and hot pink top that crisscrosses and ties in the back. I add my boots, and I’m set.  Piper looks at my outfit, and I know I’ve made the right choice.  She has hoochie written all over hers, and I laugh.
“Piper, this is Hank’s, not a fancy club.  You might want to take it down a notch.”
“Well, what do you suggest?” she inquires with her hand on her hips.  I know this look, and I might as well have let her go with the outfit she brought.
“Never mind, Pipe.  It’s fine. I’m just saying this place is Hank’s.  It smells of must, mold, old men, and stale beer.  It’s not like a club in Charlotte or something.”
“All right, but I’m still wearing this top.”  She points to a one-shouldered glittery top.  I smile and grab a pair of jeans from the closet.  She pairs it with wedge heels.  We look at each other and smile.  We turn on the iPod and place it on the speaker.  We turn up a little Florida Georgia Line and break out in song.  We go ahead and slide on our clothes and then do our hair.  We start our makeup, taking a little musical break to sing “Party People” with our hairbrush microphones.  On the last verse, the door bursts open and Cash starts to sing.  We jump out of our skin, turn around and see Cash and Joe.  Joe is at a loss for words.  I don’t know if it’s Piper, me, our beautiful rendition, or what, but that poor boy can’t say a damn word.
We turn down the music down and finish getting ready. I grab my pre-game shirt and toss an old t-shirt to Piper before we make our way to Caroline’s room.  As we enter, Tori, Anna, Jenny, Cassie, Georgia, Caroline, and a few lacrosse guys are there with beers and cups in hand.  Piper takes a twenty dollar bill from her purse before handing it to Caroline and taking Blue Tarantula Tequila and Margarita mix off her hands.  I look at her like, what the hell?  She turns and mixes two cups then hands one to me.  I look at Cash, and he smiles.  “Tonight’s your night, Char-coal.  I’m here; have fun.”  I can’t quit grinning.  I have Cash and Joe to protect me.  I’m definitely going to enjoy my night.  I take the cup from Piper, and we cheers to our night.
Things get a little rowdy in Caroline’s room. The lights are down, music is up, there’s a little bumping and grinding, and I have to say I’m starting to get past tipsy.  Cash has kinda hung back and just watched.  I can’t help but walk over to his fine ass and sit myself right on his lap and run my fingers through his hair.  He looks up at me as if he is searching for words.
“Char-coal… you might wanna slow down, if you want to make it to Hank’s tonight.”  I look into those eyes as I take a long sip of my margarita.  Cash just shakes his head before saying, “I think somebody’s gonna be sick tonight.”  I shake my head no.
I’m pulled from my thoughts when Hayden arrives in the room.  “Hot damn!  Who’s this hot looking country boy?” No filter at all.  “Charley, if it’s who I think it is, I’m moving to Grassy Pond ‘cause they don’t grow them like this in New York!”  She walks across the room and makes sure to shake what her mama gave her when she walks by Cash to get a glass of Caroline’s PJ.
We finish our drinks and make our way to Hank’s Tavern.  The Love Machine is waiting out front.  I start to walk toward the Aerostar when Cash grabs my hand and starts to pull me toward his truck.  I shake my head no.  He is going to have to experience Hank’s like the girls of Southern.
“Get your ass in the Love Machine, Cash Money.  This is how we roll, and if you’re going to Hank’s, this is how it happens.”  I wink.
He whispers in my ear, “What if you get sick?”
“I’ll be alright.  I’m not going to puke.”  Even though everything inside my body says that I will have a date with the porcelain throne later tonight.
Cash gives in, and we make our way to Hank’s.  The Love Machine makes three turns before we see Hank’s in the distance.  I’m so excited.  I glance at Piper, and I can see that she is, too.  She’s only heard me talk about it, but I know it’s a place that anyone from Grassy Pond would appreciate.
Sarah pulls the Love Machine into the gravel parking lot, puts it in park, and we pile out.  Cash takes my hand and helps me out along with the other girls that remain in the van.  He’s such a gentleman.
“Damn, I gotta piss!”  Hayden exclaims.
“Well, hold it ‘cause it’s like a minute walk to the facilities,” Tori says.
“Tori, I’d almost rather piss out here. Regardless, there’s no door!”  We all laugh at Hayden, but Piper looks at me like we can’t be serious.  I smile and shrug my shoulders.  We walk across the parking lot and enter the glass doors.  The smell of must, stale beer, and sweat penetrate my nostril.  Yup, we’re at Hank’s.  We make our way to the cashier, turn over our IDs and five dollars, and enter the last glass door.  Wait. They didn’t mark us with an ‘X’?  You would think the glass door would help keep the smell out of the foyer, but it doesn’t.
Hayden leads the way trying to make the mad dash to the restroom.  The rest of us follow behind her.  We enter into the large dark room and make our way to the restroom.  I look at Cash, and he totally understands that this is complete routine.
“Ohmygosh, Char!  You weren’t freakin’ kiddin’!  There is no damn door on the last stall.  What do you do? Have someone stand in front of it?”  Piper says in disbelief.
“Yeah, but the best part about using it is you can walk in, pee, and be back on the dance floor without the wait.”  She laughs because she knows I have a point there.
“Anyone got a black marker?” Tori asks, and I look at her like it’s not a meet.  She points to the top of her hands.
“Awwww, I get it! Over twenty-one have an ‘X’ tonight!  Sweet!”  Piper says as she pulls one from her purse.  I told her to leave that thing in the van, but now we are all glad.  We mark an ‘X’ on each hand and make sure it’s dry before leaving.
We trickle a few at a time out of the restroom and make our way to the dance floor.  As I walk out of the restroom, I see Cash propped against a stool near the bar and Joe is nearby.  Piper and I make our way over.
“Hey Joe. You remember Piper, don’t ya?”
“You bet I do, Squirrel.  Good to see you again, Piper.”  Joe smiles at her as he looks her from head to toe.  I glance at Cash who knows exactly what I’m thinking.  Maybe, just maybe, Piper and Joe will hit it off tonight.
“What’s that on y’all’s hands?”  Cash asks.
“The idiots around here thought it would be a good idea to make an ‘X’ on your hand if you’re twenty-one.  Well, they didn’t think about a black Sharpie, did they?”  I say.
“Y’all are too smart for your own good,” Cash says as he pulls me close to him.
Hank’s is starting to get crowded.  The baseball team is in their normal sweats as usual, trying to keep it casual or heck it could be ‘cause it’s easier to get a feel that way. Who knows?  I can see that Piper is starting to get antsy.  I grab her by the hand and lead her to the dance floor while I motion for Cash to talk to Joe about Piper.
We saunter across the room until we hit the laminate wood-looking floor.  Hayden, Sarah, Georgia, Tori, Caroline, Jenny, Cassie, and Anna are already shaking their groove things to “Blurred Lines” when we walk up. We don’t miss a beat and join them.  Piper is surveying the scene as I start to laugh at her.
“What?” she asks as she tries to keep in rhythm with the song while talking.
“You know what!  Don’t play stupid…. You totally like Joe, don’t ya?”
“He’s totally hot and got that hot surfer thing going on.  I mean, you have home field advantage on that, but I know Cash Money isn’t going to let him near ya tonight.”
“True.”
We continue to dance as the songs bleed through to the next.  Piper excuses herself from the group and makes her way over to the DJ.  Wonder what she’s up to?  She walks back smiling and starts dancing again.  Cash and Joe have made their way to the dance floor and waste no time trying to fight over me.  I can’t help but laugh.  It’s a freakin’ Charley sandwich with one in the front and back.  I just decide to go with it.  Piper continues to dance with the girls then the song changes to “Hell on Heels,” and I start freakin’ going crazy.  Both Joe and Cash take a step back as I make my way toward Piper.  We proceed to dance and sing every word together.  The floor has cleared a little, but we don’t care.  That’s our song, and by the end, the Kluft girls are singing along.  When it ends, Piper and I hug each other tight.  She’s so important to my life, and I can’t imagine her not in it.
We all need a drink after the dance party.  I think we might as well put the ‘X’ on our hands to good use.  I look at Piper, and she is thinking the exact same thing.  We walk to the bar and ask the guy for two Bud Lights, pay, and walk back toward the floor.
The remainder of the night is full of hot and sweaty dancing between the girls of Kluft, Cash and me.  Piper has made a few rounds with a guy from each team at Southern—basketball, baseball, golf, and ended with lacrosse…. Joe.
As the night comes to an end, we begin to try to sober up by drinking water while still on the dance floor.  The night at Hank’s ends as usual with “Let’s Get it On.” There are so many hormones flying around this place it’s a wonder half of campus isn’t pregnant.  I look to my right and see that Joe and Piper are dancing like they have been together for years.  My eyes travel back to Cash, and they fall deeper and deeper for a guy that has been my heartbeat since I was four.  He smiles at me with that crooked little grin, pulls me in tight as we move to the music, and brings his lips to mine.  At that moment, I forget that we are at Hank’s, that I’m supposed to be learning to be independent, and think the only thing I want is to move home, work on the farm, and have little Cash babies.
The song ends, the lights turn up, and people scatter, like when the police show up at an underage party.  I walk back to the Love Machine with sweat dripping from my brow and every other place on my body, but I don’t sweat it because everyone else is the exact same way.  We climb into the van. This time Joe is beside Piper.  I know exactly where this is going.  She’s going to his room tonight.  The ride back to campus is a lot quieter than our ride to Hank’s.  Sarah pulls up to the stoop, and we pile out.  She waves bye as Hayden yells out the window about not doing what she wouldn’t do or something like that.
There are a few people on the stoop, and we decide to hang there for a few minutes to cool off.  After about ten minutes, I’m ready to crash.  I look at Cash, and he reads my mind.  He puts his arm around my waist and tells everyone we will see them in the morning.  I look at Piper who motions to Joe.  I nod.
Cash and I make our way to my room after I walk up to make sure Misty isn’t around.  I sure would hate to get busted.  I give him the all clear, and we enter my room and turn on the lamp and TV.  I excuse myself to change and wash my face and as much of Hank’s off of me as I can.
I return to find Cash cuddled underneath the covers.  I lift them and slide in.  I snuggle close to him because I know tomorrow he will have to go home.  As we watch Fast and Furious, he pulls me tight, kisses my neck, and before I know it, the sun is shining in my window.  I have got to pee.  I start to move, but my head is pounding.  The kinda hangover that if you take a step it feels like your head is a step behind you.  That’s exactly what’s going on this morning.  I make it to the restroom and return to find a text from Piper.
Piper:  Come open the door.
Me: On way
I struggle to make it down the hall, steps, open the door, and follow the same path back to my room.  When we get back, Cash is up and sliding on his jeans.
“Mornin’, Piper.”
I walk to my closet and grab a pair of jeans and long-sleeved shirt.
“Piper wants to go eat before she leaves.  You wanna go, too?”
“What kinda question is that?  Food is involved.  Yes, I wanna go.  I just hate for us to drive three cars.  Why don’t you see if some of the girls or Joe wants to go?”  He looks right at Piper and her face gets red as a beet.  They totally did something.  I make a note to ask her later.  I text Joe, and he meets us out at the stoop.  Georgia and Caroline are the only ones awake, so they hurry and come along with us.  We take three cars—Piper and Joe, Georgia and Caroline, and Cash and me.  Our breakfast at IHOP is fabulous, but it could definitely be due to the amount of alcohol that I consumed last night.
After breakfast, we make our way to the parking lot and say our goodbyes.  I hug Piper bye.  She hugs the girls, Cash, and saves Joe for last.  She wants to make sure she saves the best for last.  That is exactly how Piper works.  I look at Cash, and we laugh quietly.  He pulls me into his arms and wraps them around my body.  I feel completely safe and secure.  I glance into those eyes and meet his lips.  We pull apart, and I want to cry.  I don’t want him to go.
“So, Char, are you still coming home opening day?”
“I can’t ‘cause of practice, but you better be ready Thanksgiving.  I’m going as soon as I get home that Wednesday, and you better not be in my stand!”  I push my finger into his chest as I say the words.
“I know better than to mess with you and that stand.  I’ll see you soon.  I plan on going to the Livestone meet.”
“You know you don’t have to do that, but I’d love it if you were there.”  He pulls me into his strong embrace once more before pulling away.  We walk hand in hand as he walks me to Georgia’s car.  He opens the door, I slide in, and he kisses me one last time before turning around and walking to his truck.  As cheesy as it sounds, I hate to see him go, but love to watch him leave.

Chapter 13: Study Day
The next two weeks are on cruise control. Practice, class, Hank’s, practice, class, and Hank’s.  The meet with Livestone is this week.  Coach, my teammates, and I are pumped beyond words.  The air has the feel of winning each time we are in the pool.  The meet is on Tuesday before Thanksgiving break.  My plan is to leave first thing Wednesday morning; in fact, everything is packed and ready to go home. That deer stand is calling my name, and it has been for a week now.
Tuesday morning, I go to class and prepare to leave for the meet at noon.  Joe comes by to wish me luck and wants to know if I’m still going to be able to drop him off at the airport on my way. I am, but he just better be ready to go at the break of dawn tomorrow.
We make our way to Livestone, which is about a two-hour drive south.  When we pull into the gym area, I automatically start smiling from ear to ear when I see Cash’s F250.  I try to hide my excitement, but Georgia spots it easily.  She begins to sing, “Charley and Cash sitting in tree, k-i-s-s-i-n-g.”  I take my swim bag and toss it at her.  Cash waves, and I make my way to the locker room.  This meet is no different than the exhibition meet two weeks ago.  Actually, we shaved a tenth of a second off our relay, and my 200 meter backstroke was smoking.  Needless to say, we beat Livestone with no problem.  I honestly think we could have done that in our sleep.  I have no idea why Coach was so worried, but regardless, she’s the happiest I’ve ever seen her.
“Girls, that was unbelievable!  That calls for supper on me tonight.  What y’all want?”
We take a minute to look at each other before answering in unison, “Texas Roadhouse.”
“You got it!  Now get out of those suits and let’s hit the road!”
As I start to walk toward the locker room, I glance down the hallway to see Cash propped against the wall.  I bypass the locker room and walk to him.  Well, more like run.  He meets me with a hug and tells me how proud he is of me.  I tell him the plans of the team.  He doesn’t want to keep me, so he pulls me in tight and gives me a hug before leaving.
After he leaves, I hurry to the locker room to change.  Most of the team is ready.  I try to hurry, but not before I get the third degree from Tori.  I swear she never quits.  We make our way back to the Southern bus and later pull into the Texas Roadhouse close to campus. Of course, we still request our usual section.
At supper, we laugh, joke, tell on each other, and even Coach tells a few stories of her own.  This is a family that I am proud to be a part of, but I can’t wait to get back home to my own family.
Me: B ready by 9
Joe: K
Joe is true to his word and is waiting at the Honda at nine.  I put my last minute items into the car, and we make our way to Charlotte-Douglas International Airport.
“Hey, Squirrel. Thanks for the ride to the airport today.  I really just didn’t want to leave the Jeep there.  I wish my flight was earlier, but I’ll take what I can get for twenty bucks.   I know how you feel about the big city.”
“Joe, you know I don’t care as long as I’m not downtown, and the airport is right off 85.”
Once Joe and I hit I-85, it’s smooth sailing.  I crank up the radio and put the Honda in the wind.  Joe enjoys my singing to Blackjack Billy’s “Booze Cruise.”
“Hillbilly margarita?  Do you really have those?”  Joe asks quizzically.
“You bet we do.  I mean, I don’t drink them, but that’s a common request at Turtle’s from the regulars.”
I approach the exit for the airport and decide to act like I have a little class.  My nerves start to get to me ‘cause I have never been here before and there are signs everywhere.  Where do I go?
“Squirrel, my flight is American Airlines.”  He points to a sign overhead that shows where to drop off.  I make my way to American Airlines’ terminal and drop off Joe.  I put the car in park, and we both step out. Joe grabs his bag from the back seat and places it on the walkway.  He then makes his way to me and gives me a hug.
As he pulls away, he says the words I’ve needed to hear since I drove into this place. “Squirrel, follow the exit terminal signs and then just look for I-85 South.  You’ll be fine.  Oh, and tell Piper I said hey.”
“Thanks, Joe.  I was a little worried, and of course, I’ll tell her.  You like her, huh?”  He smiles and grabs his bag.  He is totally avoiding the conversation.
“I’ll see you on Sunday around five at the same place, okay.  If the flight is late, I’ll text you before I leave.”
“Got it!  I’ll see ya Sunday.”  I walk back to the driver’s side, look up, and wave bye.   I get back into the Honda and put it in the wind.
I arrive in Grassy Pond by eleven.  That is enough time to eat lunch, take a ride to check my stand, and relax a few minutes before hunting this afternoon I think to myself.  Tessa, Mama, and Dad are sitting on the front porch when I arrive.  Tessa hands me a Choice Cherry Gold.  That girl knows me like only a sister could.  Dad grabs my bag from the car and takes it to my room; Mama, Tessa, and I make our way to the kitchen and fix grilled cheese sandwiches and vegetable soup for everyone.  Dad comes back downstairs, and we eat as a family.  We talk about school, swimming, Tessa and Dustin, the farm, and hunting.
“Dad, I’m going to the stand this afternoon.   I plan on camping out till the one shows his big rack.”
“Char, if you find him, you better not miss.  If anyone takes him down besides me, it better be you and not Cash.”  He winks.
“Got it.”
Tessa and I do the dishes, and she rides with me to check the stand. She’s not as much of a hunter as I am, but she still likes to take part.  She just hates being cold.  I take a minute to text Cash since I was ambushed by family time.  
Me: I’m home :) 
Cash: :)  I guess I should plan on seeing u at dark?
Me: Yup
Cash: Txt me if u get 1
Me: K oh, and I love u Cash Money!
Cash: I love u 2 Char-coal!
Tessa and I check the stand and make our way back to the house.  I go upstairs and take out the camo.  It’s pretty chilly out. I make sure I put on my long johns, camo pants, and long-sleeved shirt. I add toasty toes to the bottom of three pairs of socks before sliding on my hunting boots and camo Under Armour jacket.  Since it is so cold out, I grab my gloves and face mask just in case.  I’m not a fan of the cold like Tessa, but I love the thrill of pulling the trigger on a big one!
I walk downstairs into the office for the farm and unlock the gun safe to take out my baby, a Marlin 30/30 stainless steel rifle.  I put in the combination and pull her from the safe.  She is cool to the touch, but full of fire.  I grab ammunition and put it in the front pocket of my jacket and make my way to my stand by four-wheeler.
After an hour, I see a doe across the field.  She’s small, so I decide to let her walk.  The sounds of nature consume me.  I hear the wind blowing through the trees, birds chirping, and squirrels running from tree to tree.  In fact, I’ve come to realize that while I’m in the stand I never hear a deer.  I only see them.  They walk on air or something.
As I survey the field again, I notice movement on the far corner.  It’s another doe running.  Something has definitely put her on the move.  Low and behold I know exactly what. The one.  My insides start to shake.  He’s too far right now; if only he’d move within my range.  I hold my breath as I watch the beautiful creature.  I try to count the points.  From what I can see, I think it’s a twelve pointer, but the spread is massive, at least eighteen inches.
I continue to try to calm my nerves.   I decide to sing a song in my head, but I can’t keep my eyes off the one.  Then, I notice that he is moving closer. Yes!  Yes!  Yes!  I take my rifle and get into position.  When I am one hundred and fifty percent positive, I look through the scope and squeeze the trigger.  All the air exits my lungs and I see him down on the ground about fifteen yards from where I shot him.
I lower my gun to the ground as my hands are shaking like a drug addict that needs a fix. I take my phone from my pocket and text Cash and Dad.
Me: Got ‘em!
Cash: On the way!
Dad: That’s my girl, see u at the barn
Cash speeds to the stand and helps me load him on the rack of my four-wheeler, but not before I take a few pictures in the field with him.  Cash follows me on his four-wheeler, and Dad has the shop ready to clean him. I know we have to check him in to the Chevron Big Buck Contest first.
“Dad, you wanna go with me to check him in?”
“It would be an honor, sweet girl.”
Cash, Dad, and I load him on the back of Dad’s truck and make our way to the Chevron.
“Dang, Charley.  I can’t believe you finally got the one!  We were starting to think he was just a legend on the farm,” Gus the owner says.  “Let’s measure this bad boy.”
I jump on the bed of the truck and move his head where Gus can get the best angle.  “He measures nineteen and a fourth inches.  So far Charley, you got the winner, but season’s not over yet.  Now, hold them antlers proud for a photo.”  I do as Gus asks and then we head back to the house to clean him.
Dad has it ready, but leaves it to Cash and me.  Cash and I spend the next thirty minutes taking care of the one.  Once we finish, we clean up and hang out at the barn just for fun.  I walk across the barn to the old stereo equipped with an eight track player and turn the knob to our local country station.   As I walk back across the barn to Cash sitting on a bale of hay messing on his phone and looking hot as hell.  When I get to him, he looks up at me with hunger in his eyes.  He puts his phone into his pocket and stands to meet me.  He takes me by the hand and pulls me into his chest as he places my hair behind my ear. He then looks into my eyes and begins to pull me closer.  I can feel the heat radiating between us as Cash’s lips begin to touch mine.  His lips are soft as velvet, and he continues to kiss me delicately and deeply at the same time.  That’s when I hear someone clearing their throat.  Cutting my eyes to the right I notice my dad standing in the doorway.  Oh shit!
“Hey, Dad. Is everything okay?”  I ask as my face flushes bright red.  Cash takes a step backwards and puts his hands into his pockets.
“Yes, Charley. Your mama is baking a cake and needs two eggs.  Y’all got an early mornin’.  You might wanna call it a night,” he says, looking at Cash.
“Yes, sir.  Charley, I’ll see ya in the morning.  I’m hunting on the north side.  You going to the same spot?”
“Yeah.”
Dad walks to get the eggs and nods as he leaves the barn.  Cash and I let out a huge breath.
“Char, I’m so sorry about that.  I thought your dad was gonna kill me!”
“Nah, he just wants to scare the shit outta ya.  I’m his little girl, remember?  Even though he loves you.”  I say as I elbow him.
He grabs my arm and pulls me in for a strong and safe hug.  He kisses me on my forehead, the tip of my nose, and finally lands on my lips.
“Guess I better go, I’m sure your dad’s watching the clock.”
“You know he loves you, but we do have an early morning.  Night, Cash Money.”
“Night, Char-coal.”
We walk out to our four-wheelers, call it a night, and Cash goes home.  I walk into the house, grab a drink from the refrigerator, tell Mama and Tess about the one, then get ready for bed because I have to be back in the stand in the morning.  I couldn’t care less if I see anything because I know I’ve won the Big Buck Contest, but just the idea of being outside in nature keeps calling.  Plus, I’d much rather be out there than cooking in the kitchen for Thanksgiving dinner.
Around eleven, I decide that I have hidden out as long as possible before being put to work in the kitchen.  My mama has made it well-known that there will be no hunting this afternoon because we will have our family Thanksgiving dinner at our house.  Both sets of my grandparents, aunt, uncle, four cousins, along with Cash’s entire family, come for supper.  It’s the only time we have a formal meal and bring out the good china. Cash’s family has been coming to these meals since I can remember.  When his grandparents were living, they came, too.
I pull myself from my thoughts, get down from the stand, and ride back to the house.  I smell like deer pee and a shower is a must.  Mama, Grandma, and Tessa are working hard in the kitchen.  I go in to tell them hey and grab a bite of biscuit dough from the pan as my mama swats it away.  “Get outta that!”  I smile and make my way upstairs. I rummage through my closet to find something presentable to wear.  After sliding hanger after hanger back and forth, I choose a teal green, boat neck, long-sleeved, lace embroidery dress.  It fits perfectly on my body and two inches above my knee.  I really want to wear my boots, but I know Mama will have a cow.  I decide that maybe I can get away with a fancy pair of boots.  I look and find a pair of brown suede ankle boots and know that they will look perfect.  I put my necklace from Cash back in place, add earrings, ring, and I’m downstairs in no time.
Everyone arrives at the house at two.  Thanksgiving meal is served promptly at three o’clock.  Due to the number of people for the meal, Tessa, Cash, Cash’s sister Claire, my cousins, and myself have to sit at the kid table located in the kitchen.  All the adults are at the formal dining room table and have no clue the conversations and schemes that we have created while they are ten feet away.
The meal is to die for, and everyone can’t wait for my grandma’s famous squash pie.  Most people turn up their nose at it, but once you taste it, your taste buds will thank you.  We finish eating and Tessa, Claire, and I help clean the kitchen until the women take over.  We are then excused to have some fun.
We walk out the front door onto the porch to find Cash and my cousins sitting on the front steps, shooting the shit and talking about hunting and fishing.  We make our presence known and totally butt into their conversation.  I have to tell them the story of the one, as if they haven’t heard it already.  My cousins, Claire, Tessa, and Cash give me their full attention, and when I finish, we decide to take a ride out to the pond and do a little night fishing.  I run upstairs and change my fancy boots for my old faithfuls.
The guys have the Gator loaded and we pile on.  We spend the entire evening fishing, replaying memories of the past, laughing till I almost pee my pants, and then decide we better head back before dark.
Tessa and I tell our families bye, along with Cash’s parents and Claire.  Cash hangs around, and we enjoy the cool November air on the front porch swing.
“Just in case I haven’t told ya, you look beautiful tonight.”
“You don’t look so bad yourself.  You like the fancy boots I had earlier?”
“Yeah, I was wondering if you were going to push your mama’s limits, and of course, you did.  That’s why I love you.  You never try to be someone you’re not.  Char-coal, always be true to yourself no matter what life throws ya.  Can you do that for me?”
I don’t know exactly how to reply to that so, I shake my head yes, then lay my head on Cash’s shoulder as he moves us back and forth in the swing.  
About the time I get comfortable, the screen door flies open and my dad walks out like he is on a mission.  I jump about ten feet off the swing, and my dad starts to laugh.
“Gotta keep you on your toes!” Seriously, the barn and now here!  “You two better not get too comfortable out here, if you know what I mean.”  His comment isn’t a question, but more of a statement.  I know exactly what he means, and so does Cash.  My parents have always trusted Cash, but I guess at some point a dad has to let his presence be known no matter how much he trusts him.  We move apart, and Dad goes back inside the house.
“I guess there’s no more staying at the club,”  Cash jokes.
“Guess not.”
“Char-coal, I better get home. I’ll talk to you tomorrow.  Wanna walk me to the truck?”  I stand and follow him to the truck.  We walk off the porch and down the sidewalk to his truck that is parked below the big oak tree in the front yard.  As we approach the truck, Cash pulls me into him tight.  He breathes in my shampoo and the Aruba Coconut lotion that I never leave home without.  He places his hand under my chin, and I look into those beautiful blue eyes. Then, he pulls me in for the sweetest, softest, and most emotional kiss I have ever had in my life.  I can feel everything within my mind, body, and soul telling me that this is where I belong.  But as stubborn as I am, I just can’t admit it to anyone but myself that I want to be in a relationship with Cash.
Cash pulls away from me.  “Well, I don’t know how Dad would feel about kissing, do you?”
It’s a good thing it is dark because my face is as red as a Solo cup.  I try to come up with a quick remark, but all I can do is pull Cash right back into my lips.  This time he pulls away, only to open the truck door and we climb inside to continue our make out session.
I make my way back to the house and go straight to my room.  My mind is reeling as I try to drift off to sleep, and just like he’s reading my mind, I get a text from Cash.
Cash: Go to bed Char-coal love u
Me: U need 2 go 2 bed 2! Love u!
After what feels like hours of tossing and turning, I look at the clock, and it has been a whopping fifteen minutes.  I turn on the TV and eventually fall asleep.
The remainder of my Thanksgiving break goes as planned.  I work on the farm, go shopping at Northlake Mall with Piper on Saturday, shoot pool with Cash at Turtle’s, and church on Sunday morning before picking up Joe at the airport that afternoon.  The ride to get Joe is a lot easier than it was on Wednesday.  He is waiting outside the baggage claim for me as I pull up.
“I hope I didn’t keep you waiting long,” I say as he climbs into the Honda.
“Nah, I’ve been out here about five minutes.”
We make our way back to campus, and most of my hallmates have already returned.  I spend the next two weeks going to practice, class, practice, class, and of course, Hank’s on Saturday.
“Y’all, can you believe that exams start this Thursday?”  I comment to Georgia, Tori, Anna, and Caroline.
“I know.  I don’t know what I’m going to do without y’all for a month!”  Georgia exclaims.
“I couldn’t care less about exams.  I’m just ready for Study Day!”  Caroline squeals.  Why the hell is she so excited about Study Day?  You study all damn day!  “It’s only the biggest party day of the year at Southern.  Y’all thought Homecoming was epic.  Y’all ain't seen nothing yet!”
“Explain,” Tori states.
“Well, undoubtedly on Wednesday at noon the campus goes to quiet hours to study for exams.  No class, practice, or anything.  Pretty much people put off studying until Thursday afternoon and spend Wednesday partying like it’s 1999 or something!”
We all look at each other and know that it’s legit because somehow Caroline always is in the know.
Anna speaks up, “So, if Hank’s isn’t open, where does everyone go?”
Caroline gets up and walks over to her wall and points to the number 88 sticker on the wall.  “That’s easy, Whiskey River!”
“What’s that got to do with racing?”  Anna asks.  Georgia, Caroline, Tori and I look at each other like she has got to be kidding.
“Anna, hunny, bless your heart,” I speak compassionately.  “Dale Jr. owns Whiskey River.”
“Awwwwwww.  I don’t know anything about racing.”
“We know,” we all say in unison.
“All right, so now that we know where we are going and what goes on, what are we going to wear?”  I ask.
“Since it’s Whiskey River, should we go country?”  Anna asks.
Caroline, Georgia, and I look at each other and smile.  It’s time to pull out the hot, sexy country girl attire.  There is no shopping necessary for this event because we have it covered!  We spend the next two hours picking out wardrobes for an event that is two days away, but we can’t help it.  It’s something to look forward to.  Hayden and Sarah come over for the fun, and fun is exactly what it is when Hayden tries to pick out an outfit.  She is trying stuff on, trying to talk country, acting like she’s riding a horse.  We are all laughing so hard we can’t tell her to stop.  That girl ain’t right!  We make decisions on our wardrobe and call it a night.
The two days of class go by slowly, partially due to our anxiety of going out in the big city Wednesday night.  On Wednesday morning, I wake up and go to practice.  Coach gives us the spill about being responsible and remembering that you represent Southern and the team.   We promise to call if we need her.  Dr. Deal gives us the final lesson in Biology lecture before reminding us that our exam is Friday morning at eight.  I don’t have Freshman Seminar, so I am free until exams actually start.
As I walk out of Biology, Joe is waiting for me.  “Wanna go grab a bite to eat?”
“Sure.”  We make our way to the café and go through the line.  None of the Kluft girls are around, so I sit with Joe and a couple of lacrosse players.  It is funny to be on this side of things.  Typically, Joe is always hanging with my friends.  It’s nice to see him with the guys.  We finish, and I make my way back to Kluft to begin to prepare for the evening activities.
As I walk up the steps, Caroline, Tori, and the rest of the hallmates are in the hall discussing who is drinking what, who’s going home with whom, and what time we are leaving in the Love Machine.
“Hey, y’all!  Whatcha decide?”  I ask as I put my books in my room.
“I’m making my famous PJ, and the Love Machine is full of gas from what I got from Hayden in class a little while ago.  I just can’t wait!  We are going to be the hottest country girls those city boys have ever seen!”  Caroline exclaims.
For the remainder of the afternoon, we try to keep the noise down in the dorm.  Misty has already warned us once.  We decide to take ourselves out to the stoop for a little fresh air.  I grab my jacket, slide on my boots, and follow the girls outside.
The stoop is hopping, and most people are already drinking.  I have decided not to drink until I begin to get ready.  I plan to have a good night, especially since I feel safer knowing Joe will be there.
As we sit on the stoop and people watch, Joe comes by with Mark.
“Hope you girls are ready for tonight!”  Mark smirks.
“You bet your ass we are!”  Anna smarts off with her hand on her hip in her strong Northern accent.
They both laugh, and Joe proceeds to tell me that he will stop by before going to Whiskey River.  He also informs me that he is riding with the lacrosse guys tonight, but will be there looking out for me the entire time.  I smile and give him a hug before he walks back to Irvin.
As a hall, we order pizza before getting ready for the night.  Georgia rides with me to get the pizza.
“Char, anything new?”
“Nope, in a way I hope maybe he’s done playing games, but I know that’s too good to be true.  I’m just trying to have fun and experience life.”
“You’re stronger than I would ever be if that happened to me.  I would probably never leave home for anything.”
“I decided the day I walked away from Cash at the club that I had to focus on me.  That’s what I’m doing.  I’m almost to the point where I feel comfortable here.  Joe is amazing, and I know I can count on him.  He really likes Piper, too!”
“Yeah, that was pretty damn obvious at Hank’s!”  She giggles.
We arrive back at the dorm and everyone piles into the hallway, including Sarah and Hayden.  We don’t bother to get plates; we just grab a partner and share a pizza straight out of the box.  I drink a Choice Cherry Gold and offer everyone on the hall one, even Misty.  Surprisingly, they all want one except Cassie.  She’s just a little unsure about it.
“Dang, Charley!  You’ve been holding out on us!  Put a little vodka in that, and we got a Charley’s Special!”  Hayden announces.
“Guess we might have to try that out; I’ll bring an extra case back after Christmas for that! Whatcha think?”
“Sounds like a plan to me!” Hayden says, and everyone agrees.  Misty acts like she didn’t hear a word we just said. 
After eating, we shower and get ready for an epic night out.  I pull my Desquared2 jean mini skirt, slide on a chocolate brown tank and then pair it with a cream colored chunky knitted asymmetric cable top that has button detailing to the front at the chest, a wrap effect neck-line and short-capped sleeves. When you put it with the skirt, the front is higher and shows off the denim, but the back leaves the illusion that is all I have on.  I pull my chocolate Lucky boots from the closet.  Those cost me a pretty penny, so I only wear them on special occasions.  I add my horseshoe rhinestone belt for accent.  I take a few minutes to rummage through my jewelry box to find the perfect accessories… found them!  I put on a pair of horseshoe rhinestone studs, the matching ring, and Cash’s necklace before applying my makeup.
We still have forty-five minutes before it’s time to go.  I walk to Caroline’s room and pour myself a glass of her PJ before returning to my room to finish my makeup. I call my parents and Cash before going out for the night.
I call my parents and fill them in on my exam schedule and inform them I will be home on Tuesday around three.  Dad can’t wait for me to get home because he has the one ready to be mounted on the living room wall.  Tessa goes on and on about Dustin.  I’m so happy for her, but I’m afraid she is going to get burned.  Cash is counting down the hours till I’m home, and we are able hang out at the club.  He also informs me that he will be waiting for me at my house by two on Tuesday.
We hang up, and I finish putting the final touches on my makeup. As I add a little more highlight to my eye shadow, there is a knock at my door.  “Hold on a sec!”  I yell.  I finish my left eye and walk to the door with the brush in my hand.  I open the door to see Joe sitting on the floor across the hall holding an empty fifth of Jack Daniels.  He pulls his piercing eyes towards mine, and I’m not sure what is going on in there, but something is beyond wrong.  He staggers as he stands.  He walks toward me, and if I didn’t know better I would say he is about to cry.
“Joe, you’re scaring me.  What’s wrong?  Is it your grandma?”  He shakes his head no.  He looks like he is trying to talk, and I’m unsure if he doesn’t want to or if the news is that bad.
As he reaches my doorway, he takes his hand and embraces my cheek.  “I’m so sorry, Squirrel!  I’m so, so sorry.”  He begins to sob.  I pull him close, wrap my arms around him and try to comfort him.  I have no idea what is wrong, but I will help him fix it.
“Joe, what are you sorry for?”  I take his face in my hands, and he looks into my eyes. He says the words I never thought I’d hear.
“It was me, Squirrel.”
My mind is completely confused.  What the hell is he talking about?  Oh. My. God. Please tell me it isn’t so.  There is no way.  It can’t be.  I take a step back from him without moving my eyes from him.
“What do you mean, it was you?”  I can feel my heartbeat beginning to increase and my chest beginning to move double time.
“I’m so sorry.  I… I… helped Dylan.”  I stop and replay the words over and over in my head.  Then, it hits me like a Mack truck.   I start to shake my head no as tears fall down my face.  This cannot be happening.  He nods his head yes, and this is all the reassurance I need before I lose my damn mind.
The heat begins to rise to my face. My insides begin to tremble, and I use every ounce of my being to fight back.  “Get out!”  I grit through my teeth. ”GET OUT! I said!”  He continues to stand there.  My voice crescendos to a screeching yell.   I make my way toward him as I say the words one more time with a choice word added in.  “Get the FUCK out now!”  I walk up to him and try to push him out of my room.  He doesn’t budge.  I begin to push, scratch, punch, spit, and use words that I never knew were in my vocabulary as tears continue to stream down my face.  “G-g-g-get out!” I cry.
An audience has begun to build around my doorway.  Joe begins to move from my room, but not before I realize someone else is removing him.  Tori, Anna, Jenny, Cassie, Caroline, and Georgia are trying their damnedest to move him. Tori is at a loss for words, which I have never seen.  The world is moving around me, but I am completely still.
Joe is in the hallway, and I hear Georgia.  “Joe, I think it’s time you left.  I don’t know what the hell’s going on, but you will not hurt her.  Do you hear me?”  She is talking like she is my mother.  “If I hear one word about Dylan Sloan, you or anyone else involved, I will hunt you down and whoop your ass myself.  Got it?!” Tori’s face is puzzled with the mention of Dylan’s name.  “Get the hell out of here before I call campus police.”  Joe does not talk. He takes his fifth and staggers down the hall. The girls are completely shocked, and Georgia rushes to my side.
Mascara runs down my face. I fall to the floor, and every ounce of fight I have is long gone. Georgia embraces me, and a dark, deep sob escapes my chest that I have been holding back for seventeen months.  Georgia reaches across to my bed, picks up my phone and scrolls through my contacts.  She finds the only one that has ever mattered and hits Send.
“Char-coal, what’s goin on?”
“Cash, this is Georgia.”  There is a long pause.  “Joe is helping Dylan.”
To be continued…
Finding Charley (Full Circle #2) releases February 18th, 2014

About the Author
Casey Peeler grew up and still lives in North Carolina with her husband and daughter. Her first passion is teaching students with special needs. Over the years, she found her way to relax was in a good book.
After reading Their Eyes Were Watching God by Zora Neal Hurston her senior year of high school and multiple Nicholas Sparks’ novels, she found a hidden love and appreciation for reading.
Casey is an avid reader, blogger (Hardcover Therapy,) and now author.  No Turning Back (Full Circle #1) is her debut novel releasing September 30th.   Finding Charley (Full Circle #2) released February 18th, 2014.
Her goal is to one day be an author who is recognized nationwide like Jamie McGuire, Colleen Hoover, Tiffany King, and Amanda Bennett.
When Casey isn’t reading, you can find her listening to country music, spending the day at the lake, being a wife and dance mom, and spending time with friends and family.
Her perfect day consists of water, sand between her toes, a cold beverage, and a great book!
More about Casey Peeler
Website: http://authorcaseypeeler.weebly.com/
Facebook: www.facebook.com/caseypeelerauthor
Twitter: www.twitter.com/AuthorCasey
Pinterest:http://www.pinterest.com/authorcasey/
http://www.pinterest.com/authorcasey/no-turning-back-full-circle-1/
http://www.pinterest.com/authorcasey/finding-charley-full-circle-2/
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0lmpt4hErNau1woOOsJOnw 
Goodreads: http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/7106874.Casey_Peeler

Add No Turning Back (Full Circle #1) to your TRB on Goodreads:www.goodreads.com/user/show/16117017-casey-peeler
